546
THE COJftMSSlONAL 6L0IE.
February 2,
it was not paid under the provisions of the law,
because the authority upon which the disburse-
ment was made did not happen to bo presented
to the accounting officers of the Treasury, owing
to the death of ""Mr. Hunter. That authority is
here now. If the letter of General Wool had
been before the accounting officers when they
wer<§" executing the law of Congress which made
the "appropriation to pay these expenses, they
would undoubtedly have been paid.
% strikes me that this circumstance takes the
case out of the rales of the Senate. It is not
strictly a private claim*, and if it were, such is my
conviction of its eminent justice, that I would vote
for it anyhow. But 1 think it is clearly within
the rule of the Senate. It is clearly a just and
equitable chum, and ought to have been paid
years ago; and it is going* to the heirs of a de-
ceased man of as high character as any I ever
knew.
Mr, PEARCE, If these expenditures were
made under the authority of law they should long
since have been paid by the accounting officers.
If not paid upon "the original presentation of the
elaim for defect of evidence, when that defect was
supplied, it should have been paid, and 1 presume
would have been paid, unless perhaps it be that
there was no appropriation out of which it could
be paid. In that case the proper course, U seems
to me, would be to make an appropriation m
addition to the sums heretofore appropriated for
the expense of negotiating the treaty of this date
with the Cherokees. As it stands now, it has the
form,unquestionably,ofaprivateclaim; whereas,
if it be considered as a private claim, it must be
settled as others are by the accounting officers of
the Treasury. As it stands now, the claim is to
be settled without any general investigation by
the Senate, to which, indeed, they are not com-
petent ordinarily—settled by them without refer-
ence to the accounting officers. It seems to me
the proper plan would be to insert a provision
appropriating money for defraying the expenses
of negotiating the treaty with the Cherokees of
the date mentioned m tin*amendment Then the
objection of its being a private claim would not
apply. As it is at present, it seems to me that
objection does apply, notwithstanding the expli-
cations which have been given.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The rule of
the Senate is very explicit. No amendment is
in order to a general appropriation bill providing
for a private claim unless it be to cairv out the
provisions of a treaty or of some existing law.
The Chair understands there is an existing law
which would provide for this claim. The objec-
tion seems to be made more to the form of the
amendment than to the substance. The Chair
will therefore regard it his duty to consider the
amendment as in order.
The amendment was adopted.
The next amendment of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs was to add as a new section;
Sec, '2. .tindbc it faithcr en<tctcd, That tn m'ttling the
accounts of A. G. ftln\er.', Indian asent ui New Mexico,
he be allowed his salaiy from the penod when ha retried
himself lor duty to the Indian oflicu.
Mr. HUNTER. This presents a question
which very often comes before us on appropria-
tion bills, and is somewhat embarrassing to the
Committee; on 1* man^e. Tilth .urn'iidnuMit, I un-
derstand, is for the payment of back rations to a
public officer. The Finance Committ'^'have gen-
erally considered that, to be ia the nature of a
private claim, and have therefore never reported
amendments in favor of such a claim. Sometimes
the Senate have decided differently; and I should
be glad if they would decide this question, so that
we may know how to act in regmd to it. If it
bo as I think it is—and the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs will tell me whether it is
or not—a claim for back salary, I will raise the
question, and take the opinion of the Senate, that
1 may be governed by it hereafter.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia is right in supposing; that this is a claim for
back salary; but it is a claim that is raised upon
the question of the proper construction of the
general law regulating the time when the salary
of an officer is supposed to accrue. The Indian
office, in settling with agent Mayors, and prob-
ably with other Indian agents in New Mexico,
- allowed the salary only from the timo when he
reported himself for duty to th<  ♦uinrrinf«jnd<snt
of Indian affairs in the Territory. It is contended
by him that, according to the general principles
of law, he is entitled to his salary from the time
when he reported himself for duty and subjected
himself to the orders of the Department. The
Committee on Indian Affairs agree with his view,
of the general law in that respect.
If that be the ease, it is not so much a claim
for back salary, amounting to a private claim, as
an unadjusted and unpaid balance arising under
the general law of the land, which has not here-
tofore been paid. In this case, the agent reported
himself for duty in the States, and subjected him-
self to the orders of the Department. Some time
was consumed, however, m corresponding with
him as to whether he should carry out goods or
not. He has only been allowed pay from the
time he repoitcd himself for duty in New Mex-
ico. There being thus a clear interval during
which the tihie of the officer was not his own,
and yet was not paid for by the Government, this
amendment is intended to settle the proper con-
struction of the law in that respect. It is not a
claim which requires anew law for its allowance
or adjustment, but a mere recognition by Con-
gress that the law is already as he cbims it to be.
The Indian office claims that the salary accrued
only from the time he reported himself for duty
tothe superintendent of Indian affairs in a distant
Territory, the effect of which is to exclude him
from pay for all the time that he occupied in going
to his post of duty.
Mr. HUNTER. I have one other question to
ask. Has that been settled by practice? Has
there been any practice on the subject >
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The practice has been
both ways.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared the amendment to be adopted.
Mr. CLAY. I beg leave to differ from the
Chair. I think there was a majority against the
amendment.
: The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must consider that those who do not Vote, vote
affirmatively. There were only one or two neg-
ative voices heard.
Mr. CLAY. T heard but one affirmative voice;
and I submit that the Chair's presumption is a
violent one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That may be;
but silence gives consent; this must bo the rule
of the Chair. If the Senator desires it, by gen-
eral consent the Chair will again put the question
on that amendment.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I should be glad to
have that course taken.
Mr. CLAY. 1 differ entirely from the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs
[Mr. Sebastian] as to the propriety of paying
what have been appropriately denominated these
qack rations. I have seen the pernicious effects
of such a prcccdcnt as this will furnish in numer-
ous cases arising in other committees of which I
am a member. I think in this case it is particu-
larly objectionable. I cannot see how this man
could be entitled to any compensation until he
reported himself for service. Suppose we say he
shall be paid, as I understand the amendment
proposes to pay him, from the time of his ap-
pointment, he might linger at home, attending to
his own private affairs, or enjoying his mere
pleasure for an unlimited period of time, and yet
be receiving compensation as if he were in the
public service.
A'Jr. SEBASTIAN. I think the Senator from
Alabama [Mr. Clay] labors under a misconcep-
tion of the fac's of this case. The amendment is
not to pay the officer from the date of his com-
mission. It is a claim for payment from the time
he gave his bond and security, and reported him-
self for duty, and asked the orders of the Depart-
ment hcie. From that time he was a qualified
and sworn officer of the United States. He re-
ported himself for duty, and awaited orders. The
only question is, whether he shall be paid for
that time, or shall wait until he arrived at the post
of duty in a distant country? That is the only
point presented.
Mr. CLAY. Did not the law require that he
should report himself to the superintendent ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. An executive regulation
required that he should report himself to the super-
intendent. Of course the agents must report them-
selves to the superintendent; but that has no rela-
tion to the question of pay. They must report
themselves to the superintendent of Indian af-
fairs, because from him they receive orders after
they arrive in the Indian country; but in the
mean time they are officers of the Government,
and not at liberty, as the Senator from Alabama
supposes, to engage in matters of private busi-
ness at all. If they are not ordered to their sta-
tions, it is certainly the fault of the Department,
and nofrof the agents. But after the agent gives
his bond and security, and reports himself for
duty, I think, by analogy to recognized general
principles, he is then entitled to pay. The amend-
ment does not carry his pay back to the date of
his commission, but only to the time he was de
facto and de jure an officer of the Government,
subject to the orders of the Department.
Mr. "VVELLER. I come from a State which
it takes thirty days for a public officer to reach
from the seat of (j-overnment. I think when he
reports himself here for duty his pay ought to
commence from that time. I know, in regard to
the collector of customs sent out to California by
the Treasury Department, some years ago, his pay
commenced from the time he gave his bond and
security here, although he did not reach the State
of California until some six or seven months after
that.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. One thing I suppose is
certain: that this gentleman's claim does not come
within the general rule applying to such cases;
else he would make no appeail to Congress. The
application is to distinguish the case of this indi-
vidual, and give him what is not allowed to other
officers of the Government under like circum-
stances; and the question is, whether we will
make such a distinction? If we make this dis-
tinction in his case, we shall be bound, if we da
equal justice to all, to go back and levise and
resettle the claims of every officer in like circum-
stances. I presume there are very many of that
kind. All, when they receive their commission,
signify their acceptance of it, and say they are at
the command of the Government. It seems to
me, that it would not be unjust that their salaries
should commence from that time, or even from
the date of the commission; but the Departments
have adopted a rule on which the Government
and its appointees have acted, and according to
that general rule the accounts of all of them have
been settled. Now wc arc called upon, in refer-
ence to a particular case, to break in on that rule,
and without any reason make an exception of this
particular case. It is, in my opinion, a very im-
proper species of legislation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
again put the question on the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs was to insert as a new section:
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That hereafter the
agents for the Sioux and Seminole Indians, and for the
Osage agency, shall receive each an annual «alai y of >£1350Q,
instead of the salary of $1,000 now allowed by low.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The explanation of that
amendment is very brief. By the act which re-
organized the Indian department in 1853, there
were two«classes of Indian agents provided for,
who, without any distinction of duties, receive
different salaries, one at the rate of $1,000, and
the other at $1,500 per annum. Congress, in
several instances where the duties of agents who
received §1,000 were increased by treaties with
Indian tribes and their responsibilities augmented,
have placed them, so far as salaries were con-
cerned, on the footing of first-class agents. There
are three others left: the agent for the Seminoles,
the agent who presides at the Osage agency, and
the agent for the Sioux, whose duties, by treaties
subsequently ratified with each one of these tribes,
have, according to the testimony afforded by the
Indian office, become of as grave and responsible
a character us those of the other agents; and the
Department now says that they are justly entided
to the same amount of salary with the $1,500
agents, there being no longer any difference in
the responsibilities and duties of their offices. All
get $1,500 now, except those provided for in this
amendment, who receive $1,000. fcince the late
treaty made with the Creeks and Semmoles, and
since the executive regulation which turned over
the management of the New York Indians to the
Osage agency, and the treaties with the Sioux,
She duties of these officers have become equally
