1857.
?HE CONGRESSIONAL
m
Mr. WELLER. The question of order has
been presented every time the'"case has been pre-
sented, and it was decided last year.
Mr. HUNTER. So I thought, and therefore
I did not raise the question of order; but I am
told it was not raised last year.
Mr. WELLER. The question was raised last,
year and decided. The amendment simply |
authorizes the allowance of a suspended account, j
if the Department is satisfied that the money was i
expended. The money wa; borrowed under !
peculiar circumstances, wlych perhaps will never ;
arise again. California being so remote from the !
Federal Government, he could not wait to receive
funds from here, but was compelled to borrow
the money in order to save the Indians. The
whites grew tired of tliem, and the Indians were
compelled to steal or starve.
Mr. HUNTER. I am not disputing the jus-
tice of the claim, but I say it ought not to come
here. The sense of the Senate ought to be taken
on that.
The amendment was concurred in.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill
Was read the third time and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ccllom, their Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the follow-
ing' bills and joint resolution; in which the con-
currence of the Senate was requested:
An act for the relief of Shadrach Rice, of Jack-
son county, Virginia;
An act for the relief of John Shaw, a spy in the ■
war of 1812; !
An act for the relief of John H. Shepherd and
Walter K. Caldwell, of Pike county, Missouri; ■
An net to confirm certain entries of land therein
named;
An act to establish Augusta, in the State of
Georgia, a port of delivery;
An act for the relief of Joseph Belt, an invalid
soldier of the war of 18X2; ami
A joint resolution providing for the furnishing
of a complete set of weights and measures to the
State of Vermont.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Represeniatives had signed the
followingenrolled bills; which thereupon received
the signature of the President pro ternpore:
An act for the relief of Sally T. iVnttliews; and
An act. for the relief of Brevet Major James
Belger, of the United States Army.
kane's arctic expedition.
Mr. FISH. I am authorized by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs to move to recommit to that
committee the joint resolution (S. R. No. 33)
" authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to the officers and seamen of the expedition
in search of Dr. Kane the same rate of pay that
was allowed the officers and seamen of the expe-
dition under Lieutenant De Haven," together
with the petition on which the resolution was
reported.
The motion was agreed to.
kentucky deaf and dumb abylum.
_ Mr. STUART. On my motion, at the sugges-
tion of some members who are interested in it,
the bill to extend the time for selling the lands
franted to the Kentucky Asylum for teaching the
eaf and dumb, was made the special order for
this day. It is important that the bill should be
disposed of. The time now limited for the sale
of these lands will expire early in April. The
bill should be acted on, and the sense of the
Senate taken either for or against it. I ask the
Senate now to take up that bill and dispose of it.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I hope it
will be taken up, and go over until to-morrow as
the unfinished business of to-day. I think it
ought to be disposed of.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill.
Mr. STUART. There is a necessity for a short
executive session, and I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive bus-;
iness. Let this bill go over until to-morrowas the ;.
unfinished business. Before putting the question j I
on my motion for an executive session, I suggest 11
to the Chair, that the House bills on the table had
better be first referred.
REFERENCE OF HOUSE BILLS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. . The Chair
will lay before the Senftte bills from the House
of Representatives for the purpose of reference.
The joint resolution (No. 37) providing for the
furnishing a complete set of weights and measures
to the State of Vermont, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
entries under the graduation act.
The bill (II. R. No. 804) to confirm certain
entries of land therein named, was read twice by
its title.
Mr. STUART. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims. I think it more
appropriately belongs to that committee.
Mr. STUART. No, sir; it relates to the
public lands, and if there is any subject appro-
priately belonging to the Committee on Public
Lands, I think it is this one. The bill refers to
the entries that have been made under the gen-
eral law to graduate and reduce the price of the
public lands.
Mr. ADAMS. I presume this is a matter of
no consequence except so far as it is important
that the bill should take the proper course. The
graduation law originally came from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. Private individuals have
made entries under that law. To be sure, a great
number of individuals are embraced in this bill,
but they are as separate and distinct in their facts
and consequences as if only one single individual
asked foi the confirmation of his title. It seems
to me that llus bill has, in point of fact, assumed
the shape of a private bill, and, therefore, should
go to the Committee on Private Land Claims. It
is a bill passed by the House of Representatives
to confirm entries made by private individuals.
The lands, to be sure, come out of the public
lands. Every private land claim for which we
have provided at this session has been satisfied
out of the public lands. It is, to my mind, clear
that this is a matter which belongs to the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. STUART. A single statement will, I
think, satisfy the Senate on this question. There
is not a single petition accompanying this bill
giving a private direction to it.
Mr. SEWARD. Allow me to ask a question
for information of the honorable Senator from
Michigan, for I desire to understand what the
subject is. I desire to know whether this bill re-
lates to the cases of individual claims by name,
designation, and lot or parcel of land, or whether
it relates to a class of claims?
Mr. STUART. I have read the bill. I said,
in the previous sentence, that there is not a sin-
gle private petition accompanying it; and I was
about to say, in the next sentence, that it does
not name an individual, nor does it name a tract
of land, but it goes to confirm all the entries made
under the graduation act. I say, if there is any
subject that belongs to the Committee on Public
Lands, it is this.
Mr. CLAY. I concur fully in what was said
by the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Adams,]
and I think the distinction which he has drawn
is a very just one. This bill relates to the con-
struction of a contract made in pursuance of
existing laws, between the Government and cer-
tain individuals who have made entries on the
public lands; hence, as I think, it appropriately
belongs to the Committee on Private Land Claims, i
I did not suppose there would be any warm con- j
test about this matter; but I am willing to state I
very £rankly—as I have nothing to reserve—one |
reason why I wish the bill referred to that com- !
mitti't.-. J introduced into the Senate, early in !
the session, a similar bill, which I permitted to !
be referred to the Committee on Public Lnwld,
and it has never been reported, after having been j
morp than a month in their hands; and this is a
measure of deep and \ ltnl interest to a large class j
of citizens of my own and.cither lend States, j
which it is important srtioul'f be decided at this \
session'of Congress; hence 1 am inclined to give i
it a different direction. I wish the measure acted j
on in some manner, o<> the relief for which the !
parties pray js indispensable,and I believe they
are. fully entitled to it." , 1
Mr. STUART. Iam very glad the Senator
from Alabama has made the remarksAe has, fpr
two reasons. In the first place, the Senator says
that the bill which he himself introduced, was
referred, on his own motion, to the Committee oa
Public Lands. That is pretty conclusive proof
that he thought the Committee on Public Lands
the proper committee In the next place, it
affords me an opportunity to say that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands have been investigating
this question, with all the care and diligence of
which they are possessed, and they intend to re-
port upon it at the very earliest possible day that
they can prepare a bill satisfactory to their judg-
ment. When the Senator introduced a bill upon
the same subject, and, on his own motion, re-
ferred.it to the Committee on Public Lands, and
the Senate have thereby given to that committee
the jurisdiction of the question—one which by
the laws of the body belongs to them—it would
be such an implied censure on them to now trans-
fer a bill from the House of Representatives on
the same subject to another committee, that the
Senate, without very strong reasons, I am sure,
will not do it.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Michigan hag
anticipated one thing I was about to say. It is
indifferent to me, as an individual, which refer-
ence this bill takes; but it is important to me, as
a member of the Committee on Public Lands, to
understand how we are to be treated by the Sen-
ate. A subject has been referred to us. We have
examined it. Wc are not prepared to report a
bill; but we have arrived at a conclusion. Then
the question comes up m the Senate, and it is to
l>e sent to another committee, so that all our labor
is lost after we have devoted this much time to
it. The same thine: has been done once before.
At the last session of Congress a bill was referred
to that committee; it was examined with great
care; the committee arrived unanimously at a con-
clusion; they directed me to write a report on the
subject, and" I had the papers in my hand for that
purpose; but, in my absence, a Senator who was
interested in the bill roseand moved to discharge
the Committee on Public Lands from the whole
subject, and to refer it to the Committee on Ter-
ritories. If that is going to lie the course of" prac-
tice, 1 desire to be excused from service upon the
Committee on Public Lafflis. This question has
been referred to us, and if the Senate have no con-
fidence in our judgment, let them discharge us
from the whole subject, or discharge us from the
committee; and not put us on one course of in-
vestigation, and-then refer the subject to another
committee.
Iam opposed to this practice of referring a sub- •
ject to one committee, and then, before it is half
through, taking it out of their hands, and putting
it into those of' another committee. I am not dis-
posed to bestow my time and labor on the inves-
tigation of a subject if the Senate means to trans-
fer it in this way to other committees.
Mr, ADAMS. To me it is a matter of no
consequence to which committee this proposition,
may be referred. I have no objection to its going
to the Committee on Public Lands if that be the
legitimate and proper committee to which the bill
should be referred. If the Senate, in its judg-
"ment, believes that one committee is proper for
the consideration of a subject, I am totally unable
to understand whv another committee should
think themselves slighted thereby. If a question
is equally susceptible of being referred to two
different committees, and you refer one branch
of it to one committee, and another to another,
so as to have the benefit of the investigation of
both committees, I do not see how any one can
| possibly construe that into any sort of disrespect.
| The Senator from Michigan says there have
I been no petitions calling for this bill, and, as it
i embraces a number of cases, it must therefore
| legitimately belong to the Committee on Public
; Land;:. If a petition had been presented, it would
1 not change the nature of the investigation. If,
! from the communication of the Secretary of the
; Interior, it becomes apparent that some legisla-
' tion is necessary for individuals, that would not
I make it public. The question is and should be
j for the investigation of the committee to which
i the subject properly belongs. It is said that a
! number of individuals are equally interested in
