1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the committee a subject relating to entries in his
State under the graduation act, in respect to which
that committee reported a bill relieving the pur-
chasers. The bill was passed; and I do not find,
in tracing the subject, any other reference to the
resolution. One of two things is certain: either
the resolution was understood by the committee
to refer to the same subject, and therefore to have
been disposed of; or else it, by accident, got into
those papers, and was disposed of by that bill—
a thing which might very well occur. I can give
the Senate nothing beyond my recollection; but
to my recollection, not a subject of this character
remains before the Committee on Public Lands,
to their knowledge not acted upon, which was
referred at the last session.
But a short time since the same subject was
referred, as I had occasion to say when 1 was up
before, by the Senator from Alabama to the com-
mittee, and every member of the committee knows
—the Senator from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] has
not been there, owing to his duties on other com-
mittees, as frequently as others, hut he will say—
that the committee have been engaged constantly
in determining that question, and arc so now.
They are nearly ready to report. In my judg-
ment, it cannot exceed three days before that
committee will be ready to report upon the entire
subject,
What is proposed now? To take the subject
away from the Committee on Public Lands after
this assurance made by myself and by the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] also a
member of that committee—to take away a sub-
ject which the Senate has referred to it this ses-
sion, and which we are now considering and are
nearly ready to report upon, and give it to another
committee. The Senator says it hns Wen before
us a twelvemonth. It is not so. We understood
that we had reported upon every subject before
us at the last session. I apprehend there is not
a single member of the committee who will not
say that he understands that ('very subjcct sent
us, connected with this question, wan disposed
of at the last session. We held extra meetings,
and we have done so at this session, for the pur-
pose of disposing of these questions.
I am not to be drawn into a discussion of the
merits of the question. It is an important one.
It is one of deep solicitude not only to every Sen-
ator here who represents a State in which the
public lands lie, but it is almost of equal conse-
quence to every other State in the Union. Large
numbers of entries have been made tfhdor this
law. It is conceded by every body that very ex-
tensive frauds have been practiced under it. I
have never heard a gentleman sneak on the sub-
ject who did not admit that this law has been vio-
lated, and violated without measure and without
stint. At the same time, it is equally true that a
very large number of honest, bona fide entries have
been made under it. The difficulty is to frame a
general law, which shall, as nearly as possible,
confirm all the honest entries, and disapprove the
fraudulent ones. It is a difficult question.
I have not only spent days, but I have spent
nights, upon the subject, examining and consid-
ering it, and so have other members of the com-
mittee. We have not been idlers on this subject.
We have not laid it aside for other business, but
it has been continuously before us. Its paramount
importance has been considered and admitted by
the committee, and we are now considering it
every day. I am doing so with all the lights that
I can obtain. I have conversed with members of
the House of Representatives, with members of
the Senate, with theCominissioner of the General
Land Olfice, with the Secretary of the Interior—
in short, with everybody who could throw any
light on the subject to guide the committee.
Now, sir, what the opinion of the Committee
on Public Lands may be as to the precise char- '
acter of the, bill that should be leported I confess
myself unable to say; but that wc will jeport one
within a very short time—as soon as any other
committee can do it—I do say. When it comes j
up, whatever report that committee may make, I
trust we shall be able to the extent of our ability
to defend it. If the Senate agree with us, very
well; if they disagree with us, as well. But that
is not the point. The point now is, whether the
Committee on Public Lands shall be treated with
that ordinary respect with which other commit-
tees of the Senate arc treated, and that in one
which belongs to me and the other individual
members of the. committee personally.- , That is a
personal matter. I undertake to say, and I say
it without feeling—I trust no Senator here will
construe it into a threat; far otherwise—I agree
with the honorable Senator from Ohio, that if in
this condition of things the subject is to be taken
from our committee and transferred to another,
my self-respect or my opinions of self-respect
will not permit me to remain on that commit-
tee. I think there are no such facts as would
authorize the Senate in thus passing a vote of
censure on the Committee on Public Lands. That
is as far as I mean to go. If the Senator from
Mississippi has any ground for the feeling which
he has manifested here, it will be a proper time to
express it when the measure shall come before
the Senate for consideration. I submit to him
that, on a review, he will think that it is entirely
out of place to go into the merits of this question
on the motion to refer the bill to the committee.
I know something of the question. I know the
extent of entries made under the law, the extent of
the honest entries, and in some degree the extent
of the fraudulent entries; and while I will be first
and foremost to protect an honest entry, to the
extent of my ability in any official place that I
may occupy, I never can consent to a measure
which will sanction a premeditated fraud to the
extent of millions of acres of the public land.
Whether I shall be able to offer to the Senate—
whether the committee of which I am the chair-
man will be able to oifcr to the Senate—a measure
which they will sanction, will be seen when we
have had the opportunity. I can only say we
have been honestly endeavoring to do so, and we
lmve not at any moment had the slightest inten-
tion, and have not now, of keeping the measure
back from the Senate, or delaying it one instant.
On the contrary, we have been devoted -and I
call on the corrobmative testimony of every mem-
ber of the committee on this point—if there is a
member of the Committee on Public Lands here,
who will not say that wc have devoted ourselves
assiduously to the consideration of this question,
1 will not only abandon this motion, but I will
deem it my duty to resign my place on that com-
mittee, for it would not be deserving of the con-
sideration of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. It must bo evident to my
friends from Mississippi and Alabama that all the
difficulty in this matter at present is merely per-
sonal. Gentlemen who are members of the Public
Land Committee feel as if the reference of tins
bill of the House of Representatives to another
committee would, be some reflection on them.
Now, sir, I am a membei of the Committee, on
Public Lands, and I have no such feeling. I do
not look at it as they do. So far as any objection
has been presented to the want of action by the
Committee on Public Lands, that point has been,
I think, sufficiently explained to satisfy any one.
1 do not feel that that committee stand in any false
position, or in any position where they can have
blame or have relieetions east upon them. This
being the case, I am entirely willing that the bill
should be referred to the Committee on Private
Laud Claims. At the same time, it is apparent
that it is not so considered by other members of
the Committee on Public Lands. If the ground
of objection with my friends from Mississippi and
Alabama be non-action on the question, it must
be very evident to them now, that the bill will bu
acted on by the Committee on Public Lands if
referred to them.
1 am, moreover, ftee to say, that. 1 concur most
fully with my friends from Mississippi and Ala-
bama in the belief that many of the innocent
purchasers of public lands are now suffering from
imputations cast on the validity of their titles,
unjustly and certainly without due consideration
and cai^to avoid it, by the executive orders of
the Department. I am satisfied that the subject
will be acted on by the Committee on Public
Lands; and if they should act contrary to the
wishes of my friends ftom Alabama and Missis-
sippi, I think they will be able to show the facts
to the Senate, and induce this body to overrule
the report of the committee. Under these cir-
cumstances, 1 appeal to those Senators to with-
diaw at once their motion for a contrary refer-
ence, and leave the Committee on Public Lands,
whit.h has hitherto had charge of the subject, to
have the contioi of this bill.
Mr. BROWN. I hear the appeal of rpy friend
from Arkansas [Mr. Johnson] with a ^reat deal
of patience, and with a great deal of considera-
tion; but I hear it at the same time witl^a great
deal of caution. While I am always ready and
willing and anxious to oblige friends on this floor,
I hope I never forget that I have obligations else-
where higher than those which I owe here. He
says he is satisfied with the explanation which
the chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
gives for not having reported on this subject at
an earlier day. I must say, with all respect to
my friend from Arkansas—with all possible re-
spect to the honorable chairman of the committee,
that I am not satisfied. Why, sir, what de we
learn ? That a resolution moved by myself almost
a twelvemonth since, passed unanimously by the
Senate, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, 1ms cither not been considered by the
committee at all, or has been mistaken for some-
thing else! When this question was up during
the last session of Congress, we discussed it for
nearly a whole day. 1 felt, and then expressed
my feeling as earnestly as I feel it and express it
to-day, that a monstrous outrage had been com-
mitted in the issuance of these orders in coun-
cil. I then implored the Committee on Public
Lands, as I implore them now, to rescue the hon-
est and faithful settler from this lawless interfer-
ence with his rights; and yet I am told to-day
that the resolution which I moved was either
never considered at all, or was mistaken for some-
thing else!
Mr. STUART. No, sir; the Senator has mis-
taken what 1 said. I did not say it was never
consideied at all. I said that I had no recollec-
tion of my own on the subject, but that I had
lefeired to the Journal of the Senate, ,ind that
either his resolution was embraced in the bill
which 1 submitted here from the committee, or
was understood by the committee to belong to it.
It was acted upon.
Mr. HllOWN. Well, Mr. President, if this
subject has been before the committee, and after
all that has occurred in regard to it heretofore,
their recollection about what has been done is
even doubtful, I think that of itself is a sufficient
reason why it should be transferred to some other
Committee. I regard it as a matter of very great
consequence—as a matter of consequence to more
than one hundred thousand families in the United
States to-day. More than a hundred thousand
families to-day, I repeat, have the quietude of
their homes dependent on your action upon this
precise question; and yet the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands, after a long discus-
sion heretofore, does not even seem to recollect
what has born done in regard to it. lie must
refer to the Journals; and even then, he must
allow me to say, he seems to be a little obfus-
cated as to whether the Journals and he agree, or
whether they do not.
Mr. STUART. I dislike very much the tenor
of the Senatoi's remarks, though they may be
veiy satisfactory to himself; but if he can tell
now, on a question asked, what has becnMone
during the tune he has been in Congress, or*
duiing the last Congress, on every question sub-
mitted to all the committees to which he has be-
longed, I will say he is the most remarkable man
I ever heard of.
Mr. IU10 WN. I should not undertake to take
note of all that had been done in regard to small
questions; but present me a question which con-
cerns the fuesides of one thousand people in any
part of the United States, and I will toll you
what has been done with it. If it concerned the
firesides of a hundred thousand—and the Senator
knows that this does—I should be much better
prepared to answer. A littio matter which con-
cerns but one man,a small claim of no consequence
possibly, might pass from my recollection; but
this is a matter of great consequence, concerning
a vast number of that class of people, who I
grant you do not always get that consideration
to which they are entitled—your forty-acre men
and your eighty-acre men, whose titles have been
overturned by what I conceive to be the most
lawless order that ever was issued from an exec-
utive department—an order based upon no law,
and in my judgment based upon no reason or
justice. Having expressed my sentiments in al-
most the same language twelve months ago, I
confess I do feel alittie concerned to be told to-day
