664
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
tlint the whole subject has passed away from the
recolfection of the committee who had charge of
it it having thus passed out of their recollec- ,
lion, I would rather see the question submitted
now to some new committee.
Why, sir, what did the Senator from Michigan
tell us ? He told us in the progress of his speech,
that this question had been continuously before
the committee.
Mr. STUART. Since the Senator from Ala-
bama presented his bill.
Mr. BROWN. When did my friend from
Alabama present the question ?
Mr. CLAY. On the 10th of December. It
has*bcen fifty-three days already in the hands of
the committee.
Mr. BROWN. And we have no report yet—
that is, this session. Last session passed away
without noticing it, and of this session, fifty-
three days have passed away without a report.
I put the case on what I thought the safest pos-
sible ground—that they had so much business
that they could not attend to it. I am free to
say, however, that if the Committee on Public
Lands are ready to take up the question now,
and give us as prompt and ready a decision as
the importance of the subject demands, so far as
I am individually concerned, I am ready to see
it go there; but I am not prepared to see the ques-
tion smothered. It is a subject of too mu*h con-
sequence to those whom 1 represent, to have it
laid away in the dry-rot of a committee-room.
If the gentlemen of the Committee on Public
Lands are prepared to bring it back to us within
two or three days, so as to give us an opportu-
nity of acting upon it, let it go to that committee;
but if it i3 to be treated as my resolution of the
last session was treated, and as the bill of the
Senator from Alabama during this session has
been treated—laid away in the pigeon-holes of
the committco-room, then I solemnly protest, in
the name of a hundred thousand people, against
its taking that direction. Let it go to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands; but let it go there with
the distinct undeistanding that it is to come back;
that it i« not to be buiicd; that that jj* not to
be the tomb of the Capulois to which it is to be
consigned. I want action; and I give nonce to
the Senate now, that I mean to exhaust all tlfb
energies that J have, mental and physical, to pro-
cure the fair, just, equitable action of the Gov-
ernment on this question.
I say again, that not a mail comes from the
South which does not bring me piles of letters
upon this very question, and—I blush not to say
it here in this august presence —letters from that
class of the people vv ho are the least thought of, the
bono and sinew, the toiling millions, the men who
live on their forty acres, and their eighty acres,
a iitile spot of ground reclaimed by their honest
industry, and who aie in danger of being turned
off by a lawless executive order of the first of
June, unless this Congress can be induced gra-
ciously to interfere for their preservation. To-
day^sir, I do noi stand here to speak for thcmil-
m lionaires, for the men of fortune, for the men of
wealth} but I epcak for tint class who have an
inteiest m thisquestion, and whose homes depend
upon your action now, your immediate and prompt
action before the fouith of March; because the
edict has already gone forth, that on the first
Monday m June all the entries are to b$ declared
vacant, unless Congress shall in terierc and declare
them valid in despite of ihe orders from the ex-
ecutive department. Though, as I soid before,
these orders are in violation of law, they will be
carried into effect; and the man whose whole
estaie is invested in a little spot of ground on
which he has built his cabin, is in no condition
to come in conflict with the {Jnifed States in a
law-aut: lie will be driven off. Whatever may
be the law or justicc of his case, he will be ex-
pelled liom his home. I care not what honor-
able Senators may think of it; I stand here to-day
to speak in defense of the rights of that class, and
to appeal to this Congress to pause long enough
to do them justice. That House which repre-
sents the people, the masses, and whose members
are immediately responsible^ the people,passed
this bill to-day with but one dissenting voice.
What will the Senate, which stands a little fur-
ther removed from the people, do ? I trust that
the committee on Public Lands, if this question
eiiall be referred to them, will at least give us an
opportunity of testing the sense of the Senate as
to wKethet the humble settler shall be expelled
from his home by an executive order.
~ '• Mr. STUART. Mr. President 
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will allow me to
•say a word, I may perhaps obviate the necessity
of his speaking. I" think it due to myself, and
the Committee on Public Lands, to disabuse their
minds, and the minds of other Senators, of what
seems to be a false impression. 1 protest that I
intended no disrespect whatever to the Committee
on Public Lands; nor did I make the motion to
refer the bills to the Committee on Private Land
Claims with any purpose of animadverting on
them, or from any unkind feeling towards any
member of the committee. At the same time, I
confess I thought 1 had been badly treated by the
PublicLandCommittee; and I thought theexcuse
which had been rendered, of the pressure of other
business, and the wantof time to consider it, jus-
tified me in referring it to another committee, and
excusing them from its consideration; and hence
I did not suppose the chairman of that committee
would manifest the sensibility which he has be-
trayed on this occasion. I trust this will be a
salvo to the wound, if I have inflicted any.
I will say, however, in justice to myself and
my constituency, that, at the last session, the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] brought
this subjec* to the consideration of the Committee
on Public Lands, as I understand from him, and
as I recollect. At the opening of this session,
the report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Oflice and of the Secretary of the Interior
again directed the attention of the Committee on
Public Lands to the subject; and I think theSec-
letary of the Interior clearly indicated his appro-
bation of a bill of the very character of that which
I have offered. It was in conformity to that sug-
gestion, and in order to protect the rights of my
constituency, which I believe have been grossly
abused by the usurpation of legislative and judi-
cial functions hy an executive officer of this Gov-
ernment, that I offered the bill. I offered it within
ten days after the session commenced; and now,
when the committee have had it under consider-
ation fifty-three days, and when sixty-three out
of about ninety days of this session have expired,
the com mi ttee are not prepared to report, and they
do not tell us when they will icport.
Under these circumstances, I think I was war-
ranted in manifesting some sensibility, and some
desire to obtain the speedy action of the Senate
on the measure. If I had trusted to the committee
alone, if the House of Representatives had not
acted on the measure, I think kam safe in saying
that neither this bill nor any similar bill could
have been passed at this session. But 3 will now,
i in compliance with the suggestion of the Senator
1 from Arkansas, withdraw my motion, and let the
' bill go to the Committee on Public Lands.
] Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate adjourn.
I Mr. STUART. I hope the Senator will with-
\ draw that motion for a few minutes.
| Mr. HALE. I withdraw it.
I Mr. STUART. I fender my acknowledgments
to the Senator from New Hampshire at once, be-
cause I do not wish to leave this question in its
present phase by agreeing to an adjournment
now. I have done that sometimes since my oc-
cupancy of a seat'in the Senate, and very much
to my own personal disadvantage. I shall not
t oblige Senators to sit here, and hear me, unless
j! they choose to do so; but I am going to set some
'I things right that the two Senators [Messrs. Drown
j and Clay] have been very long engaged in getting
,! wrong.
h First, my honorable friend from Alabama [Mr.
jl Clay] has stated very correctly a part of the
!1 history of the reference of his bill; but a most
jj essential part of it, so far as the propriety of the
ji action of i he committee is concerned^Jias been
omitted. It is known that the ume of meeting of
Jj the committee is on Thursday. It is known that
if for the several weeks of this session—I knownot
ho v/many—the Senate adjourned over Thursday,
and some of the members of the committee de-
clined to sit on a day when the Senate was not in
session. The Senator ought to have stated that,
at the time when the committee were ready to
meet, he informed me that he did not desire this
question to be taken up, for he could not be there,
and he wished it passed over; and it was passed
i over at his request
Mr. CLAY. The Senator will do me the jus-
tice to say that it was at a time when I had another
engagement, and I so stated to the committee.
Mr. STUART. Sol say. That is one matter,
however, which disposed of a week, and it ought
to have been stated by the Senator. As soon as
the Senate was in session on Thursday, and the
members of the committee were willing to meet,
they were called together, and they have not pre-
termitted the consideration of this question one
minute.
I have no objection to the Senator from Mis-
sissippi standing up here in his place and making
a stump speech for the benefit of his constituents
at home, but I have a little objection to his doing
it at my expense. Sir, the beauty of his effort
is all destroyed when Senators recollect that it is
not founded in correctness. There is not a single
man in the actual occupation of land under the
graduation act who, by any possibility, can be
disturbed—not one. Men who have purchased
under the graduation act, and gone into posses-
sion, cannot be disturbed by all the powers of
this Government; and these very " orders in coun-
cil, " of which the honorable Senator speaks, give
them until next June to go into the actual posses-
sion as they were obliged to do under the old law.
That is an important element.
The Senator talks of turning out of theirhomes
men who have gone on to the land and built their
shanties and got their families there, and he draws
a picture by which the poor man and his wife
and children are about being driven off by an ex-
ecutive officer from the occupation of lands bought
under this act! Sir, that cannot be done; there
is nothing in these " orders of council" that he
speaks about, which proposes to do it; but they
do reach those men who have not gone into the
occupation of the land at all. They do reach mil-
lionaires that the Senator says he will not defend.
They are the men and the only men affected by
them. It is thus seen how a beautiful picture
can be destroyed by taking away its foundation;
it sinks into the dust.
But, Mr. President, you have had some expe-
rience in the legislation of Congress, and there
are surrounding me here many honorable Sena-
tors who have had experience; and did you or
they ever hear of this amount of commotion about,
your ears, coming from the mouths and efforts of
poor men? Are there ever any surroundings by
which the House of Representatives or the Senate
can be carried by storm by the poor men in their
cabins? Phe Senator from Mississippi himself
destroys his own argument by telling you that
that is the class of men who are invariably over-
looked. Those hundreds of thousands of men
whom he describes clamoring at the Capitol for
the passage of this measure, are your men who
have hired persons to go and make false affida-
vits, as one class; they are your men who have
made false affidavits themselves, as another class—
men-who never went on an acre of this land, and
never intend to do so. They are the men, who,
taking advantage of your law, have entered land
at fifty cents, seventy-five cents, or a dollar and
a shilling an acre, and now seek to put it up to
five or ten dollars an acre for sale to the poor class
of men who intend to build their cabins upon it.
It may do very well for the Senator, at the ex-
pense of the Committee on Public Lands, to say
that there are hundreds of thousands of poor men
with their wives and children, who are about to
be turned out of the possession of forty acres,
when a single inspection of the act shows that the
men in actual occupancy, and under these orders
in council—those who go into the actual occupancy
up to the 1st of June next, cannot be touchcd even
as things now stand.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator does not deny that
they still have to repeat the proof that they have
hitherto made with superadded proof, which was
not required by the act.
Air. STUART. I do not say anything about
proof now, because I am taking things as they
come. I cannot address my^ argument to the
Senator from Alabama at one instant, and to the
Senator from Mississippi at another; I am now
answering the Senator from Mississippi. By an
inspection of the act, and by an inspection of the
orders in council as he terms them—and I use
only his own language, because it is a very diffi-
cult question to determine whether these regula-
tions are legal or not—it is by no means so clear
