1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
W%
and over thirty " waiting orders," as appears
from the Navy Register. Not only has my at-
tention been drawn to this point, but it seems to
have attracted the attention of the country. It
is a matter which cannot be accounted for unless
we have some information on the subject. With
that view, I presented this branch of' the resolu-
tion. The information for which it calls can easily
be furnished. We are tqjd by the chairman of
the Naval Committee that it can probably bo fur-
nished in three hours; there can be 110 trouble
about that; but he fears that unpleasant consc-
quenees may result; and he thinks we are calling
for too much information. Sir, we cannot have
too much information. I am opposed to the prin-
ciple of shutting up things, and concealing them
in the dark, because they do not exactly suit every-
body's convenience, and gratify everybody'sfeel-
ings. We must recollect that there is a national
interest to be considered, as well as the feelings
of individuals in this matter. I have no disposi-
tion to mortify the feelings of any man, or to
wound his sensibilities; but if he assumes the
responsibility of discharging certain duties to the
country, he should be held responsible to and by
the country for the discharge of those duties.
If he be a delinquent, the crime consists, not in
the exposure, but in the delinquency itself. He
was a ware that a responsibility devolved on him,
and that he was amenable, not only lo the laws
of the laud, but to public opinion. The laws do
not always reach cases whore public opinion
holds individuals responsible for their conduct.
To show that there is nothing impertinent in
this inquiry with relation to a subordinate having
been sent to supply the place of asupeiior, when
we have on the naval list such a superabundance
of captains as over ninety, 1 will road a notice
from the National Intelligencer, of September
185ti:
"'Naval.—Commander Uotl", of the United St-ite*
Navy, received ouiut- I'rom Wa^hin^ton yi^teiday. to ]no-
eeed immediately to take the rommainl of the Vmied ueo
filiate independence, now m the i'aeilie. ('ommrmder I loll*
will consequently leave on the."all instant in the Illinois, for
Af«pm\vall, on Ins way to Panama.'
" says the New Yoik K\ emng Post Rut there is, vvc
think, some error m its statement; as under the mles gov-
erning the Navy, no burlier position than the command of a
sloop-of-war can be assigned to thc.iank of commander. A
frigate is lequired to be under the command ot a captain."
I desire to know the reason for this infraction
of law and of the regulations of the Navy. I ask
of the Department information on this point,
which i^is most competent to afford. This por-
tion of my resolution, however, has been entirely
stricken out by the amendment of the chairman
of the Naval Committee. He does not wish the
Senate to be informed of the reasons of that
transaction. Why? The information would not
expose Commander IIoflT. He has only obeyed
the mandate of the Navy Department, which de-
tailed him for a duty not in consonance with his
rank, according to the law and according to the
regulations of the Navy. Is it unreasonable for
me to desire an explanation of this exfraordmaiy
circumstance ? If H had not been alleged, *o im-
portunately, that formerly we could not obtain the
services of a sufficient number of captains in their
appropriate commands, I might be less anxious
to know the reasons for this extraordinary cir-
cumstance.
I also desired information in regard to certain
circumstances with which Commander llowan
was connected. It is now objected that, since
the introduction of the resolution, Commander
Rowan has been tried, convicted, and cashiered.
At first, the chairman's objection was, that he
was upon trial, and that it was improper to call
for the information while the trial was ^oiftg on.
I wanted only the report wmch had induced his
arraignment — not the facts which showed his
culpability as an officer. It did not suit the chair-
man, the other day, that this information should
be given, because it might piejudtce him upon his
trial. Now that he has been tried, convicted, and
cashiered, the chairman says the information is
of no use, for he has gone into private life, it is
very strange that I cannot manage, in any way,
to suit the gentleman.
He really cannot see any reason for these in-
quiries, and he says, that when the last call was
made by the Senate upon the Navy Department,
at the time when the action of the naval board
was being discussed at the last session, some
unpleasant circumstances were disclosed — too
much information was got from the Department,
and great caution ought to be exercised, because
a most honorable and amiable gentleman was
greatVy prejudiced by the fullness of a report
transmitted to the Senate by the Navy Depart-
ment, at the last session. I grant you, sir,a most
estimable man was deeply prejudiced; and now,
in consequence of that infliction, and of the con-
duct of the naval board with reference to him,Jj£
is stricken with paralysis—broken down in spirit
—physically imbecilc from affliction and distress.
nut, Air. President, 1 well remember the history
of the information then obtained. I may mention
the name of the gentleman alluded to; and I can
commend him as'a most honorable man—Captain
Parker, Instead of giving information pertinent
to the call which was made by the Senate, that in
relation to Captain Parker was given unneces-
sarily, unwanted, and uncalled for. Instead of
bringing it forward m its ordinary place, you will
find it published out of place in the first page of
the book. That matter, if it had come accord-
ing to its date, would have been far advanced in
the book. Was that done by negligence? The
printers declare that it was published according
to the manner in which it was sent to them by the
Naval Committee; and if the Naval Committee
did not arrange the matter in proper order, or
allowed it to get into confusion, they are repons-
ible for the attack on Captain Parker on account
of the prominent manner in which it was dis-
played to the eye of every reader. It was the.
very preface to the book. It pieceded all other
pans, and attracted attention at once, livery
man who read the information and looked at the
resolution making the call, must have pronounced
it irrelevant to the call.
Sir, it will not do to attempt, by any chicanery,
or artifice, or management, or trick, to an est m-
quines before the intelligence of the Senate.
They have power to impure into these matters.
It is their duty to do so, and to mfoi m themselves
in u'huion to them. We are told that the Navy
now works mnrvelously well. Not only are we
so informed by the President, as 1 have before
stated, but that statement is indorsed by the Sec-
retary of the Navy. Both commend the workings
of the magic, the charming action, of the naval
board. If it all works so well, why close the
door against inquiry?
We are told that officers have resigned and gone
into private life. Was it for delinquency that
they icsigned ? Does any disgrace attach to their
resignation ? Yes, Mir. Any officer who avoids
the responsibility of a court of inquiry or a court-
martial, by resigning, acknowledges that he de-
serves dismissal and is unworthy of the service,
and, therefoie, he begs that his resignation may
be accepted.
Ihit, sir, we are also told that it is wrong to
pursue them. There is sympathy for individ-
uals who uie delinquent; but was there any when
gallant men of the Navy were Kent adrift? In
vain did they appeal to the Senate by petitions
for redress. In vain have their families, in want
at home, been in deep distress. In vain hascvery
appeal been made to your justice. There is no
sympathy for them. Their gallant, their useful,
and their faithful service to the country has been
unheeded. There was no generous sympathy to
extend to them; but everytlung was done to bol-
ster up the board and conceal the facts and cir-
cumstances connected with it. The honorable
chairman said ho had no doubt of the rectitude
of the action of the board, because, out of one hun-
dred oiiieers whom he had doubted and marked,
mnety-nme had been dropped, retired, or fur-
loughed. Were the two gentlemen who have
recently resigned among those whom he had in-
dorsed as til for service m the Navy? If lie is
the guarantor for these men and their good con-
duct, it is an ample reason why he should wish
to repress inquiry and prevent their exposure.
Sir, it was an indorsement to every man who was
retained. There was a superabundance of worthy
men dismissed. As worthy and gallant men as
ever lived were dismissed and sent into want and
beggary, because the improvident sailor gathers
not treasure and stores it not away in garners.
I desire to have this subject understood. The
action of the naval board has been under ihe
present Administration. If it is creditable to
them and beneficial in its consequences to the
country, I want them to derive the full benefit of
it. If it is not creditable, as a new regime is to
begin, a new Administration is about to make its
advent, I want that Administration to have a fair
start. I desire no brushwood to be left in .its
path. I want no incumbrance in its way-,' X
shall glory m a prosperous Administration of ihe;
country as long as I inhabit a small spot on this
globe. But, Mr. President, 1 am for dealing out
justice to every man. If he is the author of a
good thing, give him the credit of it. If he is
the author, of evil to the country, point it out, so
that the incoming Administration may arrest or
remedy the evil if possible. To use a farmer's
phrase, I want the old barn to be swept out be-
fore the new crop comes in, so that no weevils
may enter into the grain and destroy us purity
and" worth.
1 desire to have the information called for in
this resolution. It can be easily furnished, it
will prejudice no man who has not prejudiced
himself. It will give the Senate light to act on
the Navym future. It will do justice to the pres-
ent Administration, because it will only produce
the true condition of the Navy, for which they are
responsible; and it will extend to the incoming
Administration a beginning point, at which to
say, u we found things so and so." When that
is done, f shall feel that I have acquitted myself
to the present and to the incoming Administra-
tion, and, above ail, to honest, and just men, who
have been bornedown, broken in spirit, destroyed
in hopes, blasted in fortune, and who are now cast
upon the world friendless and alone, for they have
passed that period of life when they could have
cultivated ihe opinions of friends around them
and felt that they were in the midst of brethren;
they are now sohtaiy, almost exiles at their
homes. They are alone arid friendless; und you
have nothing to say m vindication of these men.
They who are spotless have been dismissed, and
othets who aie spotted have been retained in
preference to them. Who doubts that injustice
has be,en done to many ? It is to those who have
been delinquent that I wish justice to be now done.
I wish to understand the true condition of the
Navy, so that we may act on it hereafter under-
standing^, and if evils exist remedy them; if
ail is well, accord to it our approbation.
I move, Mr. President, to reconsider the vote
on the amendment which was intended to destroy
the force of the resolution.
Mr. MASON. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this subject until to-morrow,
with a view to move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CLAY. I should be obliged to the Senator
if he would allow me to have the bill from the
House of Representatives referred that we were
considering at the last meeting.
Mr. MASON. I should be very much inclined
to acquiesce m the Senator's request, but it can
be done in the morning hour to-morrow, and I
am satisfied in my own judgment that nothing
should interfere with the present motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive bu^mess.
Mr. HUSK.. I wish to inquire of theTJhair,
before that motion is put, what is the condition
of the amendment to the resolution of my col-
league ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The question before the Senate is cm agreeing to
the resolution as amended. The Senator from
Texas [Mr. Houston] has moved to reconsider
the vote on the amendment. The Chair was about
to ask him whether he voted for this amendment?
If not, he cannot submit that motion. Amotion
to reconsider is m oruer.
Mr. IIALE. I wish to ask, as a point of i
ordi i, (for 1 had a little to do with this question,
and I Look the precaution to ask the opinion of
the gentleman now occupying the chair,) how the
matter stands ? I undeistpod his opinion then to
be—and it was the opinion of some other gentle-
men qualified to give advice on such a subject—
that a motion to reconsider on ihe final passage
of a resolution or bill when it was passed, opened
the bill or resolution just exactly to the same
i extent as if there were a motion to reconsider
every part of it, and that no motion to reconsider
a previous vote was required.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state his own opinion to the Senator, as he stated
in conversation before. It was this; that a motion
to reconsider an intermediate vote is not limited
