562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
Mr. GREENWOOD called for tellers on the
amendment.
Tollers were ordered: and Messrs. Green-
wood and Wakeman were appointed.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 44, noes 75.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. WALKER offered the following amend-
ment:
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That hereafter the
bailiffs, attending the circuit and criminal courts of the
United States of the District of Columbia be allowed the
sum of three dollars per day each during their attendance,
and that the Marshal of the District pay the same out of
any moneys of the United States m his hands.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it in order to change the
pay of these men in this bill ?
Mr. WALKER. Why not?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks it is in
order.
Mr. STANTON. I should much like to have
some limitation upon the power of the Marshal us
to the number of bailiffs ne may appoint.
Mr. WALKER. The number is regulated by
the law of the last session The pay now allowed
is two dollars per day. These men have to ride
over the whole District, and furnish their own
horses, and certainly that b very small pay. I
think the amendment ought to pass.
All*. SIMMONS. This very subject was up,
and great consideration was given to it, la^t
August. The Secretary of the Interior laid facts
before the Committee on the Judiciary showing
great abuses not only in the Terjfcones of the
United States, but in this District, in getting into
the Treasury, in some way or other, through the
judicial department of the Government. Among
other things it appeared that about $5(5,000 was
drawn for traveling expenses, and vatious otlu-r
things, pertaining to the small judicial matters of
this District. Especially justices of the peace
and constables come in for about $16,000 for six
mouths' services; and at that tim«* a bill was
passed, after great reflection, meeting all theqo
cases, f cannotseebut that this is an attempt to
get into the Treasury m the lace of the present
law.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I know that there has
been great abuse in this Disinet m the adminis-
tration of justice, and that justice is Loo prone to
oomo down into the Tteasuiy. .But m this par-
ticular instance 1 wish toremruk to til'4 committee
that the Marshal of the Dastnet of Columbia
spoke to nu; about it, and asked me to piLsent
this proposition to the committee. The rea.vm
which In; gave for it is this: He ^aid that In4
cannot procure proper men, nor have the duties
properly performed, for the existing; compensa-
tion; that those men had to keep their horses, in
order to be ready to rule wherever they may be
required to go; that they have to board them-
selves; and that not only can they not make any-
thing, but that they can hardly pay their expenses
out of two dollars a day. We all recognize that
fact, and I hope that my friend, the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, wdl withdraw any ob-
jection to the bill, and let these bailiffs be propei'y
and respectably paid. It is only a dollar a day
increase to a small number of men; and the
Treasury will never feel it.
Mr. SIMMONS. The gentleman will allow
me to say that this per diem compensation to min-
isterial officers has led to all the trouble in the
United States with reference to extravagance in
judicial expenses. The statute of 1853 was the
first one that gave so much power. Under it one
clerk came to the Treasury for four hundred and
ninety dollars, whose earning was only ten. His
services amounted to only ten dollars, and he
applied for enough to make up the five hundred.
When you pay marshals, or constables, or wit-
nesses, or grand jurors, daily allowance, they
make a business of it. Experience in these Uni-
ted States show that there is a great amount of
business got up for the mere purpose of securing
witness fees,, I remember one case which hap-
pened in my district two years ago. Iwenthomo
and found the district in excitement on account
of a very respectable gentleman—very nearly as
good a man as we had in the district—having been
seized by a deputy marshal and taken away some
four hundred and fifty or live hundred miles to a
place called Canandaigua, to be examined on a
charge of having broken open a letter in the post
offtce. The deputy marshal took three or four
witnesses with him; and the case ended in noth-
ing at all. The whole business was got up for
the sake of the traveling expenses and fees.
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to make an
inquiry of the gentleman from New York. Under
the law as it stands now, in all these prosecutions
the parties prosecuted are liable to the fees, and
if they cannot be paid by them, they come out
of the Tieasury of the United States. Is it not so
Mr. SIMMONS. So I understand.
Mr. HAVEN. Not in criminal cases.
Mr. LETCHER. Yes, in criminal eases.
Now I desire to know how much money has
been made by the marshals and bailiffs in rases of
this soit, and paid into the Treasury, or whether
or not, from his observation and examination, the
whole amount of costs and charges is not settled
in almost every instance by the United States?
Mr. SIMMONS. I have no doubt that it has
been so until the passage of the act last August
on the subject. The Secretary suggested—and
jl we adopted the plan after consultation with the
'j judges—to make the United States liable only for
jl costs in cases of the riegtee of felony, and to throw
|j these htlle matters on the District. Hut they are
jl not satisfied with that. They have done taking
|! rye—nothing will do them hut wheat. I am
i'| avei so to paying these little local bills for clerks,
constables, marshals, and everything else. It is
Ij mere local business, and belongs to the Districts
!| and Temtories. Let them pay it, and not come
jl to the people all over the eountiy for money to
ij pay what ihey should pay themsi Ives.
ij The question was taken on Mr. Walkeh's
! amendment; and it wns not agreed to.
!i Mr. WAKEMAN. I mo\c that the bill be
ij laid aside to be icported to the House, with a
Jl recommendation that it do pass.
ji The motion was agreed to.
ij Mr. DODD. I move that the committee pass
[j over the next bill, (No. 543,) a hill to authorize
the extension, cons auction, and use of the Metro-
politan Railroad into and within the District of
Columbia.
Mr. GROW. Allow me to say that the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia made an agree-
'! mentaiuong themselves thatall controverted busi-
,\ ness (arid in that this bill js comprised) be passed
|j over, and that we should dispose of the business
■ j about which there is no dispute.
'I The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
; j parsed o\ er.
ij Mr. DODD male the s.unu motion in reference .
I to a bill (11. R. .\ro. 545) to provide for the re-
eal of the southern portion of the Potomac
Rrtdge; and it was agreed to.
LITTLE FALLS BRIDGE. j
The next bill on the Calendar was a bill (H. I
R. No. 510) to reimburse the Corporation of ;
j Ueoigotown. in the District of Columbia, a sum ■
j of money advanced towards the construction of j
the Little Falls bridge. !
The bill proposes to appropi mte dollars, j
to be paid out of any money m the Treasury not ,
otherwise appropriated, to repay to the Corpora-
tion of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
all moneys hcretofoie advanced by the Corpo-
ration for the construction of the bridge over the
Potomac, at the point known as the Little Falls;
the Corporationof Georgetown, by accepting the
provisions of tins act, waiving and surrendering
all further claim or demand on the Government of
the United States, founded on any advancement
of money or other thing tuwaids the object speci-
fied, or any other purpose whatsoever,
Mr. GOODE. 1 move to fill up the blank before
the word dollars," with the words " four thou-
sand six bundled." I will state to the House that
the Corpoiation of Georgetown advanced, with
the consent of the publics authorities, the Secretary
of the Interior, and the superintendent of the con-
struction, #.">,$00 toward the construction of the
bridge overLtttle Falls—$1,20(5 of which has been
returned to the corporate authorities of George-
town; and $4,600 is justly due in the opinion of
every one who has looked into the papers.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I would like to know
when this money was advanced?
The SPEAKER. The report will be read.
It appears from the report that in March, 1853,
|| $30,000 was appropriated by Congress for the
coi>struepQi) of a bridge over the Potomac river,
at a point known as the Little Falls, and the
work was placed in process of construction, under
the direction of George Thom, captain in corpa
of Topographical Engineers. In the fall of 1853,
when the work had been prosecuted near to com-
pletion, the appropriation was found to be ex-
hausted—the $30,000 having been expended—
and it became necessary to suspend operations
until other funds could be procured applicable to
the object.
It was supposed that several months must pass
before an additional appropriation could be ex-
pected from Congress; and the abandonment of the
work, in an unfinished condition, at the approach
of winter, must expose it to serious injury, whilst
its suspension would involve a necessity for a sale
of the stock on hand, by which the Government
Uvould suffer a heavy loss. To avoid these evils,
[the officer in charge, on consultation with the
: Secretary of the Interior, applied to the corporate
j authorities of Georgetown to advance a sum of
! $5,000, which would enable him to continue his
r operations, and cany forward the bridge to a con-
; dition in which it might be used for travel during
; the then following winter. This proposition was
i acceded to, and by several acts of the Corporation,
$5,800 was placed to the credit and subject to the
j order of Captain Thom, to be expended in the
' construction of the Little Falls bridge, his assu-
! ranee being given, with the consent of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, that the amount should be
I reimbursed to the Corporation of Georgetown
; when the further appropriation should be made
; by Congress. It also appears that some lien on
1 the stock on hand was executed in favor of the
Corporation of Georgetown, as a security for the
i reimbursement of the amount advanced; but it is
. believed that nothing was realized by the Corpo-
; ration from this lien, the entire stock having been
j applied to the uses of Government.
! In August, 1854, Congress appropriated a fur-
j ther sum of $15,000 for completing the bridge;
: but a serious accident had befallen it, which
| created a necessity for the appropriation of a large
j sum, and the Corporation of Georgetown post-
poned its claim for immediate payment, unwilling
to delay the completion of the work; accordingly
$1.3,800, part of the appropriation of $15,000, waa
: applied towards the completion of the bridge,
| leaving a balance of $1,300, which was applied
, towards the payment of the §5,800, leaving $4,600
1 due to the Corporation of Georgetown.
; Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 am not satisfied with
' this exhibit of the facts. I do not understand
; why, if the Secretary of the Interior authorized
Captain Thom to borrow $5,800, or any other
: sum of money, from the Corporation of George-
town, with the declaration that when a new ap-
■ propiiation was made for the work it should bo
repaid out of that appropriation, it has not been
repaid before this. There was an appropriation
made for this work in 1853; another in 1854; and
■ last year we appropriated some seventy-five thou-
: sand dollars for this very Little Falls bridge under
i Captain Thorn's estimate. However just this*
i appropriation may be, it seems to me that if it
. ought to pass at all, it should be passed among
j those annual presents we make in the shape of a
I deficiency bill for money borrowed without au-
' thority by the Secretary of the Interior,
j Mr. GOODE. If it be designed to criticise th«
conduct of the Secretary of the Interior, I shall
leave it to its own explanation. 1 state the facts
here, however, to bo these: When, in 1853, the
appropriation for this Little Falls bridge was
found to be exhausted, the Corporation of George-
town made a loan to it of §5,800, with the under-
standing that it should be returned to it outof the
appropriation to bo^ppada subsequently by Con-
gress. At that point of tmie an accident befell the
bridge, by which the whole superstructure was
I destroyed. When Congress, late in the summer,
! made an appropriation of $15,000 towards the
i work, it was found to be ail necessary for the
i erection of another superstructure on the piers,
: which were still standing. Though the Corpo-
ration of Georgetown then had the right by con-
tract with the superintendent—a contract made
! with the knowledge, and by the individual, if not
' the official, consent of the Secretary of the Inte-
; rior—to demand payment of this sum of $5,800;
i yet, as it was important to the community that
j the bridge should be immediately constructed, it
i waived that right. Thirteen thousand eight hun-
