1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
think, three or four weeks since the bill came from
the House of Representatives, and now we are
asked to print that large document. I hope the
Senate will not order it to be printed, but that wc
shall act with as much dispatch as possible on that
bill. I do not know what public advantage there
will be in printing it. It might facilitate action
by the committee; but the evident effect is to de-
feat the bill altogether, and deprive the Senate of
the opportunity of giving an expression of their
opinion on the bill which has passed one branch
of Congress. I hope no such order will be made,
but that the matter will be referred back to the
committee with instructions to report promptly.
Mr. WELLER. That correspondence was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs a
few days ago, without any order being made as
to the printing. It was understood that therjj
was a portion of this correspondence of an angry
character; but on an examination of the papers
the committee became satisfied that justice to both
parties required that the whole of the correspond-
ence should be printed. It will be recollected
that a bill was passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, some time since, making provision for
the pay of General Scott. That bill was pending
before the Committee on Military Affairs, and it
was deemed important that we should have this
information in order to enable us to pass properly
on that bill.
I am authorized to say that if the order be made
for printing the correspondence, it can be laid on
our tables as early as next Monday. The delay
which has been produced was not the fault of the
Committee on Military Affairs. We have not
yet considered the House bill, for the reason that
we were not in possession of the information
necessary to enable us to arrive at a proper decis-
ion. This correspondence refers to the accounts
of General Scott, and I regret to say a portion
of it is of an angry character; but as this ques-
tion has been discussed in the public newspapers
to some extent, and as detached portions of the
correspondence have found their way into the
newspapers, wc considered that justice to both
parties required that the whole correspondence
should be published.
I will also add, that if it be laid on our tables
on Monday next, within two or three days there-
after the Committee on Military Affairs will be
enabled to report back the bill now pending before
them. There shall be no delay on our part.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask the Senator
from California if the committee could not desig-
nate such parts as are neccssary to be printed, in
the estimation of the committee, and certain parts
which, as I presume from what I heard the hon-
orable Senator say, do not relate to the merits of
the case, should not be printed. I confess that
if it be of the character which I have learned
verbally, I shall not be willing to give my vote
for printing the whole of that correspondence by
order of the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. The Committee on Military
Affairs came to the conclusion that it would be
impossible to mnke such a separation as that in-
dicated by the Senator from Tennessee, without
subjecting ourselves to the imputation of doing
injustice to either one or the other of the parties.
Wc had no feeling whatever on the subject, ex-
cept that of regret that this correspondence should
have taken place between two high public func-
tionaries. As it now stands, wc thought justice
to both parties required the whole correspondence
to be published. Certainly I would not under-
take to separate that portion which, in my judg-
ment, appertains exclusively to the accounts from
the rest.
Mr. PEARCE. Is the motion to print the
whole of this correspondence?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir.
Mr. PEARCE. I think I shall be obliged to
vote against it. I understand that the corre-
spondence is very angry and embittered. All that
portion of it which is so is not at all material to
the consideration of the question before the Senate
upon the bill from the House of Representatives.
It contains criminations and recriminations which
would be exceedingly painful to the friends of one
or the other or of both parties, which can answer
no purpose of general utility—which, I think, will
furnish jrather a bad example, from what I can
hear, if it should be published. As I cannot see
■what benefit is to be derived from it to the public
or to Congress, or what assistance it can give to
us in our deliberations—and I can see manifold
evils likely to result from it unless it can be ex-
purgated—I shall be obliged to vote against print-
ing any part of it unless it can be expurgated. I
should suppose that what is personal might be
separated from that which is public, and which
tends to the development of the facts bearing on
the question. If it cannot be, I, for one, will not
vote for publishing a correspondence of the char-
acter which I have heard this to be.
Mr. PITZPATRICK. I am a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and have looked
through a great deal of this correspondence. It
cannot be denied that it is characterized by bit-
terness. The committee was aware of that be-
fore making this report; but for the purpose of
examining into the matter, and seeing if wc could
not do what is suggested by the Senator from
Tennessee, we waded through it. While a por-
tion of it does not directly bear on the matters
under discussion of a legitimate character between
these two distinguished gentlemen, still, taken as
a whole, I do not see how any committee or any
person could withhold one part (which perhaps
would be willingly excluded, if it could be done
properly by the committee) without really doing
injustice to one or the other of the individuals
concerned. A large portion of the correspond-
ence is pertinent, and absolutely essential to en-
able the Senate to understand the facts in con-
troversy, and the whole bearing of the subject of
the proposed increase of compensation to General
Scott, made by a bill which has passed the House
of Representatives. With every desire, 1 am
satisfied, on the part of the committee to do what
was mppcr, and vail from the public anything
like aft angiy discussion between our high func-
tionaries, we were all convinced that it could not
be done without committing injustice to one, or
| perhaps both, of the parties, and subjecting the
' committee to the suspicion of being influenced by
i favoritism.
When it is borne in mind that all this corre-
spondence has grown out of the proposition to
increase the pny of General Scott, and thata large
portion of it bears directly on that point, I am
persuaded that the Senate will agree to print it,
although there maybe a part of it which they
regret to see. It will be useless to attempt to
conceal it from the world; that cannot be done;
it is here, and I think the best plan for the Senate
is to publish it, and let it speak for itself. The
committee would willingly exclude a portion of it
if they could; but really there is so much of it
essential to a correct understanding of the subject
before the Senate, that they were in favor of pub-
ishing the entire correspondence.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should not say
a word on this subject, for I am in no condition
to speak, but being a member of the Committee
011 Military Affairs, and having agreed to the
publication of the correspondence, it is proper that
i should state my reasons for doing so. No mail
can regret this correspondence more than I do,
for I think if I know myself I am the friend of
both the gentlemen; but they have chosen to have
this correspondence; they have so chosen as pub-
he men and officers of this Government. If gen-
tlemen occupying high official position choose to
have such a conespomlence, the country has a
right to know it. The impression has gone out
that there is such a cotrcspondcncc,and 1 am not
for suppressing any fact in the record; and I can-
not consent, as a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs, to undertake to decide as to what
shall and what shall not he published. These pub-
he officers have written it, and if any one word in
it is published, let the whole be published, and
let them stand on their own merits. 1 think that
both have cause to regret the whole concspond-
ence, but it is no fault of ours. When the coun-
trycalls for information it is no part of my duty,
nor do I think it is a part of the duty of the Sen-
ate, to determine what shall be suppressed and
what published. It would be an act of injustice,
for aught I know, to one man. I am sure, from
the spirit of the correspondence, having looked
into it, that if we attempt to detach portions of it
it will be a cause of offense to both gentlemen. I
can see no evil to grow out of its publication.
Whatever evil there is must attach to them, but
not to us. I am, therefore, for giving the whole
correspondence to the country, and let the judg-
ment of the country be passed upon it. I shall
vote for the publication of the whole.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I shall vote against the
publication. I regret very much what has been
stated here as to the personal character of-a por-
tion of the correspondence. No doubt the Sena-
tor from Tennessee expresses himself correctly
when he says both of them ought to regret it.
Whatever tnere is blamable in the correspond-
ence, however, is the expression of too much
personal feeling, and too much personal language.
But the Senator says the officers have chosen to
have such a correspondence, and we, therefore,
ought to have no hesitation in publishing it. I
am sure my friend from Tennessee would not
wish to publish the correspondence of every gen-
tleman. These officers have fallen into a pas-
sionate spirit about a matter of controversy re-
specting a doubtful act of Congress—that is all—
and in that discussion have become personal, one
to the other.
Now, who is to be benefited by the publication
of this correspondence ? It might satisfy some
of the curiosity of the world; but is it for us, in
transactions of this character, to do that? Is it
for us to hold it up to the world ? Is it for us to
attract attention to it, or to Jet it go by, and never
to see such faults, and never to propagate them ?
That is my idea of propriety, ana of the propriety
that especially belongs to the Senate of the United
States, who are here for the transaction of public
business, not for interfering in private quarrels
and publishing angry correspondence, which may
occur even ^tween the best-tempered gentlemen
in the world. Here is a want of discretion. Let it
be buried- It does not profit us anything in the
discussion before us. How can this correspond-
ence contribute to our understanding of the sub-
ject? Wc learn that the officers of the Govern-
ment who have to execute the laws differ about
their construction. We do not undertake to de-
cide what construction is right. We take no part
in that. We simply take up the subject, and
undertake to settle it in our own way, as we ought
to do, our laws being imperfect and ambiguous
on the subject. Wc condemn no one's opinion.
We do not say that General Scott or the Secre-
tary of War decided correctly, and that their
decisions shall be final. Wc learn from their
controversy that the laws are ambiguous. Wo
want to make them clear and to fix the pay, and
to fix all the allowances to which the rank con-
ferred on General Scott entitles him. That is the
only question we have to attend to here. We
ought to take part for or against none of the con-
testants; we should take part for no man's con-
struction; but departing altogether from the doubt-
ful question of construction, wc propose to make
a new law on the subject, in respect to which
there shall be no doubt. That is all.
How can it serve our purposes to be ransack-
ing the Departments, and entering into the private
controversies—or quarrels, if you will—of these
gentlemen ? How can all tlmt is written in this
document possibly affect the question of legisla-
I tion for us? Wc have simply to say what pay
j we intend that Lieutenant General Scott shall
j reccivc—-an open, abstract question, separate and
I apaitfrom all the other circumstances of the case,
j Hut especially I do not see the propriety of pub-
| hshing a document of this description, tending to
i foment quarrels, tending to bring discredit on one
I or the other, or both. What will that avail us?
I If they have been guilty of indiscretion, shall
! wc take advantage of that indiscretion, and make
| it known to all the world r Is this the way to
! deal with our friends? Is this the way in winch
' wc should deal with public officers? I think not.
I do not see that the public are to be enlightened
by this publication, and 1 hope the order to print
will be refused.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs tells the Sen-
; ate that this correspondence is necessary to a full
1 understanding of the measure now pending before
j the Senate to grant compensation to General Scott
I in proportion to his rank as Lieutenant General.
| He says it is necessary to the understanding of
I that question. He is corroborated in this state-
! mem by another member of that committee.
| Now, the question presented to the Senate is
simply this: here is a correspondence which each
I Senator ought to read, in order to enlighten his
I judgment as to the vote which he will be called
