m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 4,
on to give-, but that correspondence displays bad
temper, and perhaps bad taste in these two distin-
guished functionaries; and for the sake of saving
their feelings, or the feelings of their friends, we I
must act in the dark—wc must vote without in- j
formation; and we must appropriate the money \
to compensate General Scott vt a venture, right j
or wrong, rather than wound his reputation, or ;
that of the Secretary of War. _ j
Now, sir, I am not disposed to acquiesce in j
that policy. 1 want the truth, and the whole |
truth. If it hurts either of these gentlemen, the :
fault be on his own head, not on ouis. I want
it for these additional reasons: some of the facts
or positions assumed in that correspondence have
been given to the public, and the public, or a
portion of that public, has formed a judgment
en ex parte statements; it is a judgment, in my
opinion, winch does gross injustice to one of these
functionaries. I wish to vindicate him by expos-
ing the whole correspondence. I want both par-
ties to be heard out of their own mouths, and let
the Senate and the country decide between them.
This is justice; and I will not do injustice upon
what I regard as a false sentiment of delicacy
towards public functionaries.
Again, sir, if that correspondence is not pub-
lished, every Senator on this floor who believer
that the judgment of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs is just—and 1 suppose
no one is disposed to impeach his judgment—
every one who believes that the correspondence
is necessary to a full understanding of this ques-
tion, will read it. I shall read it before I give a
vote on the question, if I can find time to do it. If
it is read, different portions of that correspond-
ence will be brought to light in the course of the
discussion here, with a view to sustain the posi-
tions which may be assumed on either side.
Then, again, wc shall have extracts produced to
sustain a case on the side of General Scott, or of
the Secretary of War. There is another reason
why this correspondence should be published.
Then thcie will be a call for the publication of
the correspondence after the debate is over, in
order that justice may he rendered to one or the
othpr of the parties who has been injured by a
partial or unfair presentment of the case, llence
I shall vote for publishing it.
Mr. SEWARD. I regret very much, Mr.
President, that such a question as this has arisen,
and I am disposed to look at it in a practical
way. The case seems to be this: Congress
passed a law conferring a new rank on General
Scott, and declaring the compensation which he
should receive for services before rendered. A
difference of opinion has grown up between him
and the Secretary of War as to the construction of
that act. This dtffercncn has been elaborated in
a correspondence that has taken place between
these two parties It is proposed, by a bill which
has been passed by the House of Representatives
and is now pending in the Senate, to decide that
question by a further or supplementary act of
course have no kind of bearing whatever on the
question which we are called upon to consider,
and which can have no effect unless to produce .
cxcitcment and mislead us from the true merits of
the case. Whatever there is in this correspond- I
ence on either side that is of a personal character I
is injurious rather than beneficial with reference \
to the object which we have in view. _ j
Then it remains to consider whether there is |
any advantage to be secured by bringing before
the public a couespondence which contains irrel-
evant matter of a controversial nature between
two distinguished public men. If General Scott
should show the Secretary of War to be unworthy
of public confidence, I certainly should not be pre-
pared to admit the conclusion on his ex parte state-
ments and reasoning, but I should still retain the
same high respect for the Secretary of War which
I have now and always have cherished. And I
am very certain that, if the Secretary of War
shall show that General Scott is unworthy of the
estimation in which he is held by the American
people and the world, my judgment of him will
remain just the same, notwithstanding all that
thus shall be shown in a personal and passionate
correspondence. I do not see why wc should
undertake to reflect on the character of either of
these distinguished and patriotic men. The char*
acters of both are a pait—no inconsiderable part
—of the common fame of the country. Why
should we seek to destroy a property so valuable,
so inestimable ?
Under these views, and believing that all the
advantage wanted from the papers can be obtained
without the printing, and that the printing of the
wholc^will pn sent to us matter unnecessary, use-
less, and personally injurious, I shall vot&ggainst
the motion.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, there is some-
thing in the history of this transaction which I
submit ouslit to be remembered. When the
question was fust submitted to Congress as to the
propriety of conferring the rank of Lieutenant
General on General Scott, it was rejected in the
House of Representatives. So far as 1 remember,
J voted against jt myself. Eor so doing, we were
reproached, not only by individual members who
were friends of that distinguished officer, but we
were repioached through the public journals,
because we refused to confer on hun a mere
empty brevet. It was said that he was the only
man that had gone through the brilliant war with
Mexico, who, from the fact that he had attained
to the highest rank in the service, could not re-
ceive an additional empty title. I confess, that
argument seemed strange to me. That a man who
had stood so piominently, not only befoie this
country, but befoie the world, as General Scott,
whose fame as a military man has been rarely
equaled, should think so much, and his friends
should think so much, of a mere empty brevet,
surprised me.
But, sir, on coming into the Senate, the ques-
tion arose again very shortly after I had the honor
Congress. The introduction of this hill has [I of a seat here. I then voted for the measure,
brought about a call for the correspondence be-
tween General Scott and the Secretary of War.
Now, it is very clear that that correspondence
can be of no value by way of throwing light on
from the assurances made by several Senators
that it did not increase his pay at all, and was a
me '   
the question which is to be discussed m the Sen-j' th
ate, except so far as it is argumentative, and pre-
sents the view taken of the law by these two
functionaries: so far as it is pertinent. Hut the
arguments which suggested themselves to the
mind of General Scott will doubtlessly be sug-
gested to those who favor his view of the case
here; and the arguments which suggested them-
selves to the mind of the Secretary of War will
naturally present themselves to Senators who
majr be disposed to take the same view of the
subject which he has done.
We get, then, no information by publishing this
correspondence. If, indeed, we need the argu-
ments contained in it, we can find them by refer-
ring to the document on our files without its being
printed. I grant it would be much more conve-
nient to have the document printed for the purpose
of presenting those arguments in a more accessi-
ble shape to all Senators; and, if there was no
opposing consideration, I should readily agree to
that course. But it is now stated, and admitted;
gh
empty promotion, none out of the service can
know how dear this sort of promotion is held by
an officer; it will cost the country nothing, an'd
why nut give it to him ?" It was under the influ-
ence of tliat aigument that many Senators and
Representatives—I will not say a majority, for I
do not know the fact—voted for it. I recollect
that my honored and distinguished colleague
[Mr. Casti] made the remark but a few moments
before the Senate gave its favoiable vote to it,
that it did not affect the pay at all.
Now, how do we stand? No sooner was the
measure passed than that distinguished officer
applied foran increase of pay. He is not to blame
fortius. I hold that General Scott is not to blame
for applying to the Treasury of the United States
for the pay that actually belongs to his rank. But
the Executive Department having control of that
subject on the part of the Government differed
with him us to what he was entitled to. That is
the Department of this Government which is to
administer the law. It said, that the rank thus
I think, on both sides of the House, that besides
the arguments contained in this correspondence,\\ conferred on General Scott'gives him only so
there are matters of a personal nature, which of " much pay, That has been decided, and so far
the matter is ended. Now a proposition comes
before Congress to increase the pay by law. Is
it not, then, of the first and last importance that
we should know what the present pay is ? It is
only through this correspondence that we can
learn what it is. 1 understand from the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs that
it is this very correspondence which furnishes to
the Senate and the country the evidence, con-
clusive and satisfactory, as to what is the pay of
the officer at this time.
It is said,however, that in this correspondence
between the Secretary of War and General Scott
something has been said quite too personal. Mr.
President, let me call the attention of the Senate,
for one instant, to a consideration of this ques-
tion. This is a correspondence between public
functionaries—between the Lieutenant General of
the Army and the Secretary of War; a public
correspondence—the officer demanding his pay,
and the Secretary, as the public functionary of
this Government, acting for the Government,
stating to him the reasons why he is not entitled
to more than a stated amount. Congress, another
branch of this Government, is called upon now
! to step in, and settle the question by law. We
! ask for this correspondence. It is sent to us; but
I it is now said that, in the heat of the argument,
i both of these distinguished gentlemen have made
l some remarks which ought not to be made public.
! Sir, I deny emphatically that any officcr of this
j Government has the right, under the Constitu-
j tion, to so spice his public correspondence as to
deprive the legislative department of the right to
its fullest use. IIow are you, sir—how is any
honorable member of this body to learn what he
ought to do in regard to his vote, unless we have
all the facts? I confess I cannot vote without
information. It is without any reference to what
these distinguished individuals may ha\e said,
but with reference solely to the duty which we
are called upon here to exercise, that I say the
argument seems to me to be imperative that we
should have the facts before us in such a form
that we can consult them, and understand them,
before we are asked to vote on this law; and we
cannot vote undurstandingly without them.
While I am notgomg to remark upon the action
of the other branch of the Legislature, I will say
that, from reading the repoits as published m the
newspapers of the country, it would seem as if
this bill were passed through that House without
discussion to any extent—certainly without these
facts being before it, because they have only been
called out on the interposition, I think, of the
honorable chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, [Mr. Weller,] since the bill came to
this body.
Entertaining these views—thinking as I do, in
respect to the history of this question from the
time it began, that many a vote was given to con-
fer this rank, under the solemn impression and
belief that it gave no additional pay, and that the
very essence of the question now is conferring
additional pay; believing that we cannot ascertain
| with anything like accuracy what ought to be
that amount, if anything at all, without the facts
before us, and understanding that this is the only
medium through which we can obtain them fully
and satisfactorily, I am compelled to vote for pub-
lishing this correspondence; and I think I do no
injustice to either of these distinguished individ-
uals by that course; for they, like all other public
functionaries, when carrying on a public corre-
spondence, interesting to the public interests and
the publicTreasury, must take the responsibility
if they deal m personalities. Therefore, I shall
give my vote for publishing the correspondence.
Mr. WELLER. I trust the Senate will not
now engage m discussing the merits of the bill
which has been passed by the House of Repre-
sentatives, for that is still pending before the
Military Com nittee. It is due to myself to say
that when I introduced the resolution calling for
a portion of this correspondence, if I ever knew,
I had certainly forgotten the fact, that an angry
letter had passed between these two distinguished
public functionaries.^ There is a portion of the
correspondence that is personal; but it is so inter-
mingled with the discussion of public questions
thafit would be impossible for the Military Com-
mittee to undertake to separate it. The bill which
passed the House of Represeniatives is based on
the assumption that the War Department has
