t&St.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL 1 GLOSfi.
pass into the hands of the actual cultivators of
the soil at the prices fixed upon them by law.
.The bill was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
executive session.
Mr. MASON. I^move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. ADAMS. I dislike very much to oppose
the motion made by the Senator from Virginia,
but under the circumstances I know that^ even
he will excuse me for insisting on disposing of
the special order, which is the bill to establish the
law department. It will be remembered that I
introduced it as one of the first spccial orders of
'this session; and with a view to have this and
one or two other public matters attended to, I
voted against every adjournment over, and have
been annoying the Senate with efforts to have
this bill disposed of. Iam confident it will not
take five minutes, and therefore I must insist on
its consideration. It is always with extreme deli-
cacy that I obtrude myself on the consideration
of the Senate in reference to any matter, and par-
ticularly a matter like this, in which I have no
xhore interest than any individual Senator has
I want it disposed of; X have had it on my desk
for years, until I have got tired of it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after three hours spent therein, the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 4, 1857.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Wai.do.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMERCIAL RELATIONS OF THE UNITED
STATES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of State, transmit-
ting a report on foreign commerce; which was,
on motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBUItNE, of Illinois. In connec-
tion with that communication, 1 offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of State on
the commercial relations of the United States with foreign
nation *, for the year ending the 30th of September, 1856, be
printed in quarto form under the direction of the Secretary
of Sta ce, who is hereby authorized to cause all eorieetions
thereiu which in the course of printing may be found requi-
site to be made.
I ask that a letter addressed to me as chairman
of the Committee on Commerce may be read.
The letter was read, and is as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, February 3, 1857,
Sir : i have the honor to inform you that I shall to-mor-
row transmit to Congress the annual lepoitou foieign com-
merce required of tins Department by the acts of 1842 and
1856; and to request that you will lay before the House the
resolution hciewith inclosed.
The report will probably make a volume of several hun-
dred pages, and the quarto form seems quite independable
for the proper publication of the extensive tabular state-
ments which it contains. i also lecommend that the revis-
ion of the proof-sheets should be intrusted to those by
whom the statements have been prepaied.
i have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obe-
dient servant, W. L. MARCY.
lion. E. B. Washburne, Chairman of Committee on Com-
merce, House of Representatives.
The resolution was adopted.
BILL REPORTED.
Mr. FLORENCE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a
' bill (H. R. No. 707) to equalize the Array, Navy,
and marine pensions; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the War Department, transmit-
- ting the militia returns; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
the Navy, transmitting the information cfdlea for
by resolution of the House concerning the basin,
dock, and railway at Pensacola; which was laid
on the tabic, and ordered to be printed.
RESOLUTIONS OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. HOWARD presented joint resolutions of
the Legislatu re of the State of Michigan,concern-
ing the Sault Ste. Marie canal; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WHEELER, by unanimous consent, and
in pursuance of previous notice, introduced a hill
in relation to the United States courts m the State
of New York; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 485) for the relief of Martin
Millett, of Iowa;
An act (S. No. 530) for the relief of John
Rylcy, an Indian of the State of Michigan; and
An act (S. No. 531) for the relief of Jonathan
Painter, a black, who actcd as a spy in the war
of 1812.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
IOWA CONTESTED-ELECTION.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I am instructed by the Committee of Elec-
tions to make a report on the contested-election
case from the State of Iowa. I send the report
to the Clerk's table, together with the resolutions
recommended by the committee. I ask that the
last resolution be read.
The last resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the Tlouse of Representatives
be directed to pay, out of the contingent tundof the House,
to It. i.,. B. Cl;uk, contestant of the seat of the Hon. Au-
gustus Iiall, of Iowa, the U: U,;1 mileage for the first session
of this Congress, and a per diem compensation at the late
of eight dollars per day, to be reckoned from the first day
of the first session of Una Congress to the Gth day of last
May.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of order.
That question is not a matter of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the point
of order well taken.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask that the first resolu-
tion be read.
The first resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That Hon. Augustus Ilall was legally and duly
elected as a Representative of the fiist congressional distiict
in the State of Iowa tor the Thirty-Fourth Congress.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of priv-
ilege; and the question is upon the adoption of
the resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would like to hear the
report read before we take the question upon the
resolution.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The report is in favor of
the sitting member.
Mr. McMULLIN. I waive tho reading of
the report then.
Mr. NICHOLS. Is not the question on the
two resolutions divisible?
The SPEAKER. The question is upon the
first resolution only.
The question was taken; and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I moved the adoption of
both resolutions as the report of the Committee
of Elections.
The SPEAKER. The second resolution can
be received only by unanimous consent.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I objected to that resolu-
tion.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I recall them both.
The SPEAKER. The first resolution has been
adopted, and cannot be withdrawn.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the vote by
which the first resolution was adopted be recon-
sidered; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not aware that any
one made the motion to put the resolution upon
its passage.
The SPEAKER. The resolution was the re-
port of a committee, and the question recurs upon
the passage of the resolution without any motion
to that effect.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I ask thai the second
resolution in reference to mileage be printed:
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think it is too lat^, to
ask that.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that' a
motion to print may be entertained.
The resolution was then ordered to be printed..
DISBURSEMENT OF CONTINGENT FUND.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the consideration of a bill (H;
R. No. 608) to regulate the disbursement of tlie
contingent expenses of Congress, upon which
Mr. Bocock was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BOCOCK. I believe thatl shall notoccupy
anything like the time allotted to me under the
rules, in submitting to the House this morning the
views which have suggested themselves to my
mind in relation to this question.
This bill had not particularly arrested my atten-
tion until it became the subject of discussion a few
mornings ago between the honorable gentleman
from the State of Tennessee, and the honorable
gentleman from the State of Georgia. I allude to
Mr. Jones and Mr. Cobb. I listened to both of
these gentlemen with attention; agreeing with the
first gentleman in almost everything he said, and
admiring in an eminent degree the eloquence and
ingenuity of the latter gentleman. It was because,
however, that gentleman was eloquent and inge-
nious, and was enforcing error very ardently and
with but too much power, that I wished to reply
to him.
The simple question submitted by this bill is
this: Under the laws as they now stand, in the
distribution of the contingent fund of this House,
the accounts of the Clerk must be submitted to
and approved by the proper accounting^officera
of the Treasury. The Clerk makes out his ac-
count of items under the order of the House, and
then makes his requisition upon the Secretary of
the Treasury for the amount so made out. The
account is examined; and if found conformahle to
law, a warrant is drawn for the amount of the re-
quisition, which, after passing through the usual
formalities, goes into tlie hands of the Treasurer,
who pays the money. Tiie proposition submitted
by this bill is, that all that shall be changed, and
that this House,-its Clerk, and its Committee on
Accounts, shall have the sole and entire control of
the contingent fund of this House. Now, sir, X
say I am in favor of the law and regulations as
they now stand; and I shall submit to the House
some of the reasons why they ought not to bo
changed. Why should not the accounts of this
House be audited and examined by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, as the ac-
counts of other expenditures are audited and
examined?
Mr. Speaker, will any gentleman upon this floor
contend that the House of Representatives is in-
fallible in its action in lelation to this subject?
Will any gentleman who has witnessed, as 1 have
for a number of years past, at all stages and all
hours of its session, the action of this House, say
that that action is always correct in regard to this
fund ? I leave out of view for the present any
question about the integrity and intelligence of
the members of the House, and address myself
simply to the question of the thoroughness of their
examination and sound discretion. I ask mem-
bers of the House to remember what passes here
during the last days of the session, when, under
the influence of the kindly treatment we rcceiva
at the hands of our employes, our good feeling and
liberality are excited, and, when members stand
upon this floor, each having a little pet bill in his
hand which he is very desirous to get passed, and
is therefore afraid to vote against the bill of any
other man. Tell me, if under such circumstances,
in the last days of thg session, or perhaps on the
very last night in the " wee small hours," this
House is always circumspect and discreet in the
distribution of its contingent fund ? X shall only
refer to a few facts to prove that it is not so. My
friend from Tennessee went at large into the
question, and gave a number of facts and argu-
ments on this point. I shall refer to only one or
two which speak trumpet-tongued in behalf of
the position which I occupy.
Here is before me the report of the Clerk, show-
ing the distribution of the contingent fund. Do
gentlemen know, when they vote for these reso-
lutions for extra pay, what they are voting for5
