570
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
how the money is to be expended ? who gets it?
and whether the recipients are meritorious or not?
I presume they do not. We pass a resolution
£ivin  to the employes of the House the usual
extra^compensation. What employes ? It goes
from your Clerk, your Doorkeeper, and the super-
intendent of your folding-room, down to the men
who are wrapping speeches by the piece, and earn
only a few dollars per month. Here is a list, in
this document, showing the persons to whom
extra compensation was paid under your last res-
olution. 1 find in this list the case of Mr. Fisher,
who was employed as a folder by the piece in the
folding-room of this House.
Mr. NICHOLS. Will the gentleman give me
the page of the document to which he refers?
Mr. BOCOCK. The list of folders, to which
I refer, is on page 106. Let the House under-
stand the way this matter is managed. Some-
times, in the press of business in tk - folding-room,
the superintendent of the folding-room goes out
and employs a temporary force of hands to come
in and fold speeches by the hundred. And when
they get through the job they are discharged
until another job is ready for them. Well, then,
in folding by the piece, this Mr. Fisher earned,
during the month of May, (the first time he was
employed, for I have searched through the
record,) $7 O'U. He earned m the month of June
the latge sum of $7 37. He earned in the month
of July $7 91. Tie earned in the month of
August $38 4o. The whole amount of the reg-
ular pay which that man received during the
session, was §41 42. Then, the resolution of
extra pay was passed, and gave him $200 extra
compensation. Yes, sir, his regular pay for all
woik he had done was $41 40. For the admi-
rable manner in which he discharged this duty,
you cdlnpiiment him with a donation of $200
extra. And, sir, that is not a solitary case. 1 find
lierc the ease uf a man earning eighty-two cents,
less than a dollar, in the month. He was one of
the employes of the House: and all the employes,
whether employed by the month, by the year, by
the day, or by the pie<:e, come in for the extra
pay, if in service at the passage of the resolu-
tion.
The gentleman from Georgia near me [Mr.
Seward] suggests that, perhaps, this man did not
gel this pay lightfuily. I know nothing about
that. If that were so, it would sustain my posi-
tion fully. lie got it through the officeisof this
House unquestionably; and the thing 1 contend
for is, that in the distribution of the contingent
fund of this House right and justice are not
always observed.
Mr. STEPHENS. As I may not have an op-
portunity of speaking on this bill, and as i take
an interest in its passage, I wish to state—right
at this point of the gentleman's argument—that I
fully concur in all he says in opposition to this
extra compensation. But the question for tins
House is, whether, after the House of Repiesent-
atives has passed a bill, as it did at the last ses-
sion, expressly incorporating an order in the
appropriation bill — which passed the House,
passed the Senate, and received the executive
sanction — that these men should be paid, it is
tight tor the Comptroller of the Treasury to resist
it. That is all.
Mr. BOCOCK. If even that wprc so, it would
not—as i shall argue hereafter—touch this ques-
tion, I expect to show that, m a subsequent part
of my remarks, Mr Speaker. The contingent
fund of the House of Representatives is a sort of
anomaly in itself. Yon know that the Constitu-
tion^says, that " no money shall be drawn from
the 1 reasury except m consequence of appropri-
ations made by law." Now, what was the inten-
tion of that clause Why, the fair construction
is, that the iaw-making power should appropriate
a specific sum for each specific service. The ex-
penditures of this Government are something like
sixty millions of dollars a year. Suppose that this
and the other House—the law-making power 
should appropriate $60,000,000 in one item, and
place it under the control of the President of the
United States to pay the expenditures of the Gov-
ernment: would it be light? Would it meet the
constitutional requirements fairly and properly?
I say it would not. Well, sir, here is $500,000
appropriated us a contingent fund for the Blouse
of Representatives; and gentlemen contend that
it ought to be given up to the House of Repre-
sentatives to do with it as it may please. I say
this contingent fund is an anomaly.
What is this contingent fund for, and how did
it originate? Formerly there were little matters
of expenditure which incidentally arose in the
progress of business in the House, amounting to
but a small sum, and which it was almost impos-
sible to enumerate in the appropriation bill. It
was to pay these small sums that the contingent
fund was originated; but it has since gone on to
increase and grow until now it amounts to some-
thing like 0500,000, with a miscellaneous item in
it amounting to $70,000. It will, in a few years,
as things seem to be going, amount to a million
or more for each House: and the effort now is
to have this money paid into the hands of the
officers of the House of Representatives, to be
used as it pleases.
At this point comes the argument of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Cobb,] and a most
remarkable argument it is. He thinks that " the
honor and character of the House require that
it should pass this bill, and take exclusive control
of this money without chock or restraint. In-
deed, has it come to this, that responsibility for
the expenditure of money is to be considered
merely a matter of honor? Why, sir, if we are
to trust to honor, why not carry the principle all
the way through ? When you appoint a collector
of the city of .New York, why do you require
him to give bonds and sureties? Is he not an
honorable man, and can you not trust <\ man's
honor? And when you appoint a Clerk of the
House of Representatives, do you not elect an
honorable man ? It is presumed that tho House
of Representatives elect none other than honor-
able men. If honor, however, is to be the safe-
guard, then, I say, exact no security from any
of them.
There is a contingent. fund appropriated for the
use of the different Executive Departments of the
Government. That is not given up to the heads
of those Departments to be disbursed as they
choose. And why not? They are all honorable
men. Trust to their honor if you adopt the prin-
ciple of the gentleman from Georgia. Have gen-
tlemen considered the checks and restraints
attempted to be thrown around the drawing of
money from the Treasury ? A claim is first ex-
amined by an Auditor, then by a Comptroller; if
passed, a warrant by the Secretary of the Treas-
uryfortheamountis allowed; this passes through
the hands of a Register into the hands of the
Treasurer, and is preserved as a vouchei by him.
Here are all these officers checking each other,
and preventing malfeasance. The Secretary of
the Treasury cannot draw a cent from the Treas-
ury without the cooperation of Comptroller,
Register, and Receiver. And it is now proposed
to break down all these safeguards in favor of the
House of Representatives.
My friend before me [Mr. Millson] submits this
question, whether there is now any law requiring
the Clerk of the House to carry his accounts
before the Comptroller of the Treasury? The
accounts of the Clerk, now, like other accounts
of expenditure, must be examined and passed by
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury.
Those officers are there for that purpose. As I
said at the outset, the practice is this: A certain
amount is appropriated as a contingent fund.
The Clerk makes out his accounts, specifying the
particular objects for which he wishes to draw
this money. He makes a requisition on the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for that amount. The
Secretary pursues the usual course, and sends it
to the Comptroller. The Comptroller examines
it. He approves and passes it if, in his judg-
ment, the expenditure is legal; but disapproves
and rejects it if he thinks, on the contrary, that
it is in violation of law. So it is in other cases;
so it ought to be in tins.
I was showing the restraints and safeguards
that are sought to be thrown around the Treas-
ury. Why all this, if honor be the ground of our
trust? If you adopt a principle, carry it out—
show that you believe it to be a sound one; but
do not adopt it as to others, and fail to do so as to
ourselves. We will not trust these gentlemen;
wo put safeguards around them. We require them
to give bond and security. We make one of
them supervise another. 'When it comes to our-
selves, however, we relax the rule. Oh, we can
be trusted! By whom? By ourselves, of course.
Perhaps others would not be so generous to us.
But there is the restraint of the Committee on
Accounts. They will supervise the accounts of
the Clerk under the proposed law. The gentle-
man from Georgia [Mr. Cobb] has asked if the
time has now come, or if it ever can be expected
to come, when the Speaker of this House will ap-
point a Committee on Accounts that is not reli-
able. Look at that argument. Who are they?
They constitute a part of this House, and parti-
cipate in its action. Let them be as honorable
men as they can be, yet a great many of the res-
olutions to appropriate the contingent fund of the
House applies to them.
Here is the subject of book distribution. I shall
speak sparingly on that subject. I know a large
majority of the members of this House are new
members, and may feel somewhat interested in it.
We have passed a law, and I imagine that those
who voted for it did so in good faith, that, here-
after, when books are ordered, their price shall be
deducted from the pay of members who receive
them. Suppose in some hour of good feeling
, and inconsiderate courtesy, in the last days of tho
session, that this House shall so far forget itself
as to vote to pay for these books out of the con-
tingent fund. The question goes to the Commit-
tee on Accounts. Now, I am the last man to
impeach the private integrity of a single member
of that committee; I oniy apply general rules
Three of the five members on that committee are
interested in the matter, because three of them
are new members. Then you refer a subject,
contiary to all rule and contrary to all reason, to
an interested tribunal. You offer the judge a
bribe, and leave the decision of the question to
his impartiality.
The intervention of a Committee of Accounts
made up of your own members, will afford but
little guarantee of strict justice. I would rather
take the regular accounting officers of the Treas-
ury, who are skilled in the laws and regulations,
and who occupy a position of impartiality, i
dare to say this, notwithstanding the condemna-
tion pronounced by the gentleman from Georgia,
[Mr. Codb.] Says he, "Well, sir, if you are
prepared to say to the country that you are unwil-
ling to trust yourselves; that your honor has sunk
so low, your self-respect has so entirely departed
from you, that you must call in the assistance of
the Comptroller of the Treasury to guard against
your corrupt use of this contingent fund, vote
down the bill,and stand self-convicted before your
constituents." Well, sir, I confess to some hu-
mility. I do not desire to take upon myself any
tempting responsibility. "Pride goeth before
destruction. " " Better is it to be of an humble
spirit with the lowly, than to divide the spoils
with the proud."
But, sir, the whole argument is a fallacy;, no
one man here is the House, nor can he control
the action of the House. 1 seek to restrain the
House of Representatives, and in doing so I may
act with reference to others fully as much as to
myself. It is the action of the majority round
which I would throw safeguards. I look not to
particular individuals.
However much of honesty and integrity there
may be among members, yet there are times when
they are called on to consider matters which
strongly appeal to their sympathies and their in-
terests, and which they do not duly consider. I
suppose that, in former days, the proposition
might have been discussed, whether it was right
in the administration of Government to rely on
the honor of oui functionaries, or whether it was
right to have checks and safeguards. I thought
that argument had been closed, and that, under
this Democratic Government at least, we, the
Representatives of the people, were expected, so
far as we could, to throw every safeguard around
the people's Treasury.
My distinguished friend from Georgia [Mr.
Stephens] has contended—others may contend
—that the Comptroller of the Treasury has made
erroneous decisions, and that, like others, he is
fallible. Wc are not acting now in reference to
this Comptroller of the Treasury alone. I have
always understood that he was a good and faith-
ful officer; but let gentlemen prove inconsistency
on inconsistency against him; and how does it
affect the great principle involved ? We are not
legislating in reference to a single case; nor in
reference to the decisions of any one officer. We
