1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
are legislating on a great principle. Whittlesey
may go out of office; he may die; but principle
should always be in power; principle never dies.
But let us look at the decision of the Comptrol-
ler, to which so much exception has been taken.
If there is any error on the part of the Comptroller,
it is because of his over cautiousness. But I am
not sure that he has been too cautious in allowing
money to be paid from the Treasury . What is
the case in controversy, and to which allusion
has been made by the gentleman from Georgia?
After the passage of a law in 1854, forbidding per-
sons who received an increased salary under it
from ever after receiving extra compensation,
there was another resolution passed by this House
fiving extra compensation to those very men.
[ere was a clear violation of law by this House.
If the resolution had been referred to the Commit-
tee on Accounts, the money would probably have
been paid at once; they would have felt bound to
obey the order of the House. But it was sent to
the Treasury Department, and the accounting
officers refused to make allowance under it. They
could, in the proper discharge of their duty, pass
nothing contrary to law.
It has been said, however, that provision was
made by law in the appropriation bill lor paying
this money. And now i call the attention of
gentlemen to the clause in the appropriation bill,
in order that they may see how far this Comp-
troller of the Treasury has offended. It is in
these woids:
" To enable the Clerk of the House of Representatives
to pay tile additional compensation to its employes ami
others, authorized by the resolution of the House of Rep-
resentatives of August i.3, 18oG, a sum sullioient lor that
puipose is hereby appropriated out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appiopiiatcd, andis hereby added
to the contingent ftind of the House of Representatives."
A most extraordinary law was that! I stand
liere to-day to say that such a law cannot be. justi-
fied. It appropriated no particular sum. It was an
indefinite appropriation for an indefinite object. It
is to enable the Clerk to pay sums authorized by
the resolution of August 15, 185G. What is the
meaning of the term •'authorized'" Can a man
be authorized to do a thing which is illegal'
" Authorized," in law, means that wluch a man
is permitted, by law, to do. It is clear that-the
resolution of August 15 authorized only such pay-
ments as were in accordance with the Jaw of 1854,
and did not authorize payments contrary to that
law. One branch of Congress cannot repeal a
law. Then the clause in the appropriation bill set
apart money to pay only such sums as the Clerk
was legally authorized to pay by the resolution of
the 15th of August. This is a technical construc-
tion of the matter, and, if erroneous, it favored
the Treasury. This is the " head and front" of
the Comptroller's error. And because he has done
this, these gentlemen wish to strike down safe-
guards which have been in existence since 1798,
and adopt a new principle. I, on the contrary,
■want no change, and especially such change as
this. If it be a reflection on our honor or char-
acter, it is one which equally applied to all the
■ Congresses of the past. Do gentlemen mean to
say that all past Houses of Representatives who
have sat here under the existing system were dis-
honoring themselves in submitting to the super-
vision of the Comptroller of the Treasury? This
is a great House of Representatives, but great
men lived before Agamemnon. There have been
great men in the House of Representatives before
to-day—men whose fame is not confined to the
boundaries of this country, but whose names have
been pronounced throughout the civilized world
with admiration and delight. If we sit under the
same system under which our fathers sat, are we
dishonored by so doing? Are we asking for
guardians more than they did ? Ay, sir, but per-
haps there is something peculiar in the character
. of the present members which makes it important
that this House of Representatives, above all
others,should be intrusted with the public money.
You remember when Bob Acres went upon the
field of mortal combat to fight his rival in love,
he professed to be a most valiant man. When he
saw Che opposite party coming upon the field of
action,his courage began to ooze out at his fingers'
ends, and it was just then that he cried out most
vociferously, "We won't run! we won't run!"
To vary the illustration, let me give an incident
from another eminent writer of this century. Y ou
will remember that when Donna Julia found her-
self becoming a little too much interested, being a
married woman, in that ingenuous and fascina-
ting youth, Don Juan, her first resolve was to see
him no more. But the idea of honor came into
lr mind, and she quickly changed her resolu-
tion. "She then determined that a virtuous
woman should rathe-meet and overcome tempta-
tion." Unfortunat, delusion! Just at the time
when she thought that her honor required her to
meet and overcome temptation, it was just then
that her honor was ready to yield to temptation.
We have gone on from 1798 to the present time
under the present system. Now the Committee
of Ways and Means cries out, " We won't run!"
Now the era has come when the gentleman from
Georgia thinks that the honor of this House re-
quires it to throw off all trammels, and take a bold
grasp on the public Treasury. Our honor now
requires this " virtuous" Iiouse " to meet and
overcome temptation." But this is the very time
when it is charged that temptation is overcom-
ing the House. The press charges this House
with corruption; and we ourselves have thought
it right to have a committee of investigation. It
is ominous—it is sadly ominous! It seems to me
that we would better consult our honor if we sub-
ject ourselves to the same restraints that we apply
toothers. But it will'not do. We must make a
step onward ! But the people will see that every
step we take leads onward to theTreasury. Every
barrier we remove but opens the way to that goal.
"Boldly we ride, and well." Vor myself, I would
gladly have it otherwise. When 1 look to the
signs of the times; when 1 see the expenses of the
Government going up to the yearly amount of
sixty or seventy millions of dollars; when 1 see the
public lands used as a sort of corruption fund, and
donated to incorporated companies according to
the whim of a majority heie; when I see the
number of officials rapidly increasing, and extra
and exorbitant compensation yielded to all who
have the face to ask it; when 1 see the eyes of all
fixed eagerly upon the Treasury; when I see prices
inflated, luxury increasing,and corruption spiced-
ing through the politics of the laud like a gan-
grene, my idea is not that we should break down
the barriers which guard the Treasury. No, sir,
1 would make deeper the ditch, and raise higher
the wall, strengthen the towers, and make the
battlements bristle with thickening dangers to all
invaders. It is a people's treasure and a nation's
honor that we guard.
Mr..CAMPBELL, of Ohio; - I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STANTON. Will my colleague with-
draw that for a moment, until I can offer an
amendment?
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 'I have no objec-
tion to hear the amendment read.
The amendment was lead for information, as
follows:
That the Treasury Department furnish tile Clerk of the
House of Representatives, out of the appropriation contained
m the act oi August 18, 18.'ili, for additional compensation
to Uie employs of the iiouse and others, a sum sufficient
to nay the twenty percent, allowance to the officers, clerks,
messengers, and such oilier pei^ons as are embraced m the
resolution of the House of Representatives ot August 15,
1830.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw my
motion to recommit the bill, and demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope my colleague on the
committee will withdraw that demand.
Mr. STANTON. Was my amendment re-
ceived ? .
The SPEAKER. It was only read for inform-
ation.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I cannot with-
draw the demand.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and nays
upon ordering the main question to be put.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I ask what would
be the effect if the House should negative the
main question ? It would not enable the gentle-
man from Ohio to get in his amendment, the pre-
vious question being already seconded. Its only
effect would be to delay action.
Mr. STANTON. If the House refuse to order
the main question, then the bill will be open to
debate, as I understand it, and open to amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. No; the House has seconded
the call for the previous question, and must re-
verse that action oefore the bill would be open to
debate.
Mr. STANTON. What effect will the refusal
of the House to order the main question have ?
The SPEAKER. If the House refuse to order
the main question, it will go over to the session
of to-morrow.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was ordered.
The question recurred on the following amend-
ment, reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means:
And that it shall be the duty of the accounting officers of
the Tieitsury to settle the said accounts of the Secretary of
the Senate, and of the Cleik of the Iiouse of lteprcsent-
atives respectively, at the end of each and eveiy qu.titcr
during the sessions of Congress : Provided, That nothing
hetein contained shall authorize the payment of any money
under the resolution of the House of Representatives of
July 7, 1850, directing the Cleik to famish and deliver to
each of the membeis and Delegates of the Iiouse, in the
picsent Congress, ceitain books, until an appropnation
shall have been made specifically for that puipose.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third lime;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called for the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the atlirmative—yeas 130, nays 53; as follows:
VISAS—Messrs. Akeis, Albnslit, Allison, Ball, Baibour,
Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bowie, lliadshaw, Brenton,
llroom. lJutlinton, Buihnganio, James H. Campbell. John
1>. Campbell, Lewis 1J. Caiiiphell,Carhle, C:n uthcis, Cliat-
I'ee, llayaul Clatke, Ksia Clai k, Clawson, Howell Cobb,
Colfax, Coiuilis, Covode, Ciaginf Cllllen, Paniiell, David-
son, Timothy Davis, Day, Bean, Denver, flick, Dickson,
Ilodd, Dowdell, Dunn, Dm toe, Uilivauts, lingli-h.Eib'-ridge,
Evan-., l-'lagler. Florence, Foatci, llonrv M. Fuller.Thomas
J. P. FuHei, Gallowav, Grange!, Grow, Augustus Hall. Rob-
ert 1>. Ila'l, Harrison, Ileibert, Hodges, Hoffman, llolloway,
Thomas R. IJorton, Valentine il. Hoi ton, floivaul, Ilugll-
ston, J. Glnncy Jones, Kelly, King, Kuapp, Kmght, Knowl-
ton, Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Maxwell, Mc-
Carty, Killian Miller, Millward, Moore, Moigall, Morrill,
Morrison, Miliray, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Moideem Oli-
ver, Paine, 1'arkei, Peek, I'elton, I'ettit, Porter, Priugle,
Puiviance, Piuyear, Heady, Kicaud, Itobbins, Robert",
Sabm, Sapp, Seott, Simmons, Hamncl A Smith, Sneed,
Spinner, Slranahan, Tappan, Thoiioglon, Thurston, Todd,
Tralton, Tuppe, Tyson, Vail, Valk. Walbiidge, Wnidi on,
Cadwali-.der C. Wasliburnc, Elhliu B. Wa-hburne, Israel
Washhuin, Watkins, WaNon, Whuncjs Williams, Wood,
Woodiuff, VVoodworili, anil Zolheoilei—KID.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, ilendley S. Bennett, lihss, Bo-
ok, k. Boyee, Branch, Cadwalader, CaOoe, Williamson R,
VV. Cobb, Cox, Craigc, Ciaivfoul, Ediimndson, l'aulkner,
Garnetl, Goodc, (iicenwnod, Harlan, Haven, Iliekmau,
Houston, .Icwetl, Geoige W. Jone>, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Mc.Miillin, Smith Miller. Millson, Molt, Packei, Perry,
Phelps, Pike, Qiimnan, Itcade, ltulfin, tinge, Wandidgc,
Savage, Sewaiil, rtlicunan. William Smith, William E.
Smith, Slanton, SU'vvaitn Talbou, Tayloi, Undciwood,
Wade, Wakeinan, Wells, Wheeler, and John V. Wnglit—
43.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WALKER staled that if he had been
present when bis name was callcd, he would have
voted in the affirmative.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved^to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH COMMUNICATION.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to report
back, with a recommendation that it do pass, an
act (S. No. 493) to expedite telegraphic commu-
nication for the use of the Government in its
foreign intercourse; and I ask the previous ques-
tion on its passage.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. Does that bill
make an appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands
it, it makes no appropriation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be laid on the table. .
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw my
- demand for the previous question, and move to
recommit the bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with the understanding that I will attempt
to have a vote taken on it to-morrow,
Mr. GROW. I desire to have printed for the
