572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
use of the House the bill which I reported the
other day from the Committee on Territories in
relation to the laws of Kansas, as I purpose to
have it called up for action to-morrow, or in a
day or two.
The printing was ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Do I understand
the gentleman from Tennessee to have withdrawn
his motion to lay on the table ?
The SPEAKER. The pending question ig on
the motion to recommit.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to give
notice that I shall offer a resolution to close debate
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the question of the tariff to-morrow
afternoon.
While up, I aslc the unanimous consent of the
House that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be discharged from the further
consideration of the Senate amendments to the
consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In what condi-
tion is this submarine telegraph bill?
The SPEAKER. It is pending on a motion
to recommit it to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How did the mo-
tion to recommit get in after the motion to lay on
the table was made ? W hen I made the motion to
lay on the table, there was no motion to recommit
pending.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee is correct.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. Has the morning hour
closed?
The SPEAKER It has.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, as we have notice
that discussion is to bo closed to-morrow 011 the
tarill' question, I move that the rules be sus-
pended,and the fiousc resolve itHelf into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the (Jmon.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
'The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 57, nays 123; as follows:
VKAS—Aiken, Aki>r<, Tloiidh'y S Bennett,
Boeock, Bowie, lioyee, Carhle, Ca^kie, Chngman, Wil-
liamson K. W Cobb, < 'o\, Ciaige, Ciawibid, Day, Denver,
Eitmmuhon, JLiglNi, F.mlkiMU, Guinea, Goodi\ Green-
wood, Houston, ilit-rlhsfou. George W. Jones, Kennetr,
I.uiter, 1-eteljer, Mare, IHavweli, AToMnllin, McQueen,
£mKh Aiillfi, Million, iViehoK Mouiecai Ohvei, Phelps,
Vom-i, Powell, Piirye.tr, Quitman, Rutfin, Sandidge,
Sava/re, Shorter, Wi!hain Sintlh, Snced, Punvart, Talhott,
Taylor, Ti tut-.ton, Todd, Undei wood,\ ail, Wat kins, Wins-
lovv, Daniel IS- YViighl, and John \r. Wrigln—o7.
NAYS — Albright, Rail, Kaihnnr, Ren^nn, Bing-
ham, Bishop, Bliss, lliad^h.iw, Bianch, Brcuton, Broom,
Buffinton, ISmlmgame, Cadwalader, James 11. Campbell,
John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, E/aa < 'lark,
Colfax, Conuns. Covodo, Cumback, Damrell, Davidson,
Timothy Davi-,, Dean, Diek, Dickson, l)odd, Dunn, Durlcc,
Edwards, KiMis, Kvan<, KUglci, Floienee, Foster, llcmy
M. Fuller, ThomasJ. D. Fullei,Calloway,Crangci,Giow,
Ausiwtus Hall, Robert B. Hall, Ilailan. llairison, Haven,
Herbert, Hodges, UoiSmnn, Holloway, Thomas 11. Hoi ton,
Valentine B. Ho;ion, Howai d, Jewctt, Kelly, Kirnr, Kmipp,
Knight, luiowlton, Knox, Kuiskel, Lake, llumphrev Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, iUcCaity, Kilhan Miller, iMiIl-
waid, Mo^c, Morgan, Mouill. Monison, Mott, Muriay,
Paeker. Parker, Peek, Pclton, 'Pennington, Pony, Pettit,
Pike, Prmgle, Purvianee, Heady. Rieand, ltobbin^, Koheits,
Sabiu, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sewaid, Sheiman, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, William II. Snath, Spinner, Stanton,
£tranaiun, Tappa.11, Thonngton, Tiaftou, Tiipp<% Tyson,
Valk, W ado, Wake man, Walbudge, Waldion, (.Vidvvalader
C. Wd-hburnej Elhhu B. Washburn?, Israel Washburn,
Wai-on. Wells, Wheeler, Wbitnev, Williams, Wood,
Wood 1 utT, Woodworth, and Zollieoiler—123.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. BAiillSDALE stated that he was absent
when his name was called; and that if he had
been present he would have voted in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
call for the previous question, move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee of "Ways and i
Means, and renew the call for the previous ques- '
tion.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Sidney
Webster, his Private Secretary; also a message
notifying the House that he had approved and
signed bills of the following titles:
An act for the relief of Brevet Major James
Belger, of the United States Army; and 0
An act for the relief of the sureties of Daniel
Winslow.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise to make
an appeal on behalf of the Committee on Enrolled
Bills. I desire to ask the unanimous consent of
the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of the amendments of the Senate
to House bill (No. 607) making appropriations
for the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
1858. These amendments are few, and may be
disposed of in a few moments. Unless they be
disposed of now, more bills will be sent to the
Committee on Enrolled Bills during the last days
of the session than can possibly be enrolled, and
some of them will be lost. This should be looked
to. This bill is ready, with the exception of these
amendments. I hope they will be acted on at
once, and this bill be passed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Committee of the Whole oirthe state of the Union
will be discharged from the further consideration
of the Senate amendments to the bill wluch has
been indicated.
There was no objection; and the said amend-
ments were brought before the House for action.
First amendment of the Senate:
After this paiagraph: v< For compensation of the commis-
sioner provided m the fust article of the reciprocity treaty
with Gieat Britain, $-2,001)," add as follows.:
Foi per diem oi'commissioner and compensation of sui-
veyor, $4,920
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STANTOX. Has the Commiifce of the
Whole been discharged from the further consid-
eration of these amendments?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. STANTON. Then the call for the pre-
vious question nmy cut off any further amend-
ments ?
The SPEAKER. Such may be the case.
Mr. STANTON. Then I object.
The SPEAKER. In the judgment of the
Speaker objection comes too late.
Second amendment of the Senate: To come in
after the one preceding:
For payment of all expenses attending the employment
of steamer or sailing vessel, and for seivice and umpirage,
$13,750.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment of the Senate, to follow the
preceding amendment:
For (raveling expanses, ttasportation,repairs of instru-
monts, and all other expenses, $700.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment of the Senate:
After the paragraph : " For compensation of the commis-
sioner, secretary, chief astronomer and surveyor, assistant
astronomer and surveyor, eleik, and for piovisions, trans-
poitation, and contingencies of the commission to run and
mark the boundary line between the United States and the
Bnlish possesion's bounding on Washington Territory,
$"51,000," add as follows:
Provided, That the annual compensation of said officers
shall not exceed the rates provided m the third section of
the aet of lltli August, 1856, entitled "An act to provide
for cariymg into effect the first article of the treaty between
the United States and her Majesty the Queen of the United
Kingdom of Gieat Britain and Ireland, of the 15th day of
June. lS'lG.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment of the Senate:
Page 4, line twenty four, strike out "Cobiga," and insert
in heu thereof the word " Cobija."
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment of the Senate:
Page 5, line one, strike out "seventy-two," and insert
m lieu theieof the words seventy-threeso that Uie
clause shall read "$73,7o0" instead of '■ 72,750."
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment of the Senate:
Pago 5, after line eleven, insert:
For office rent of fho.se confute genpral, consuls, and
commercial agents who are not allowed to trade, (not to
exceed ten per centum on the amount of their compensa-
tion as fixed by the aet of 18th August, 1856.) §'23,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment of the Senate:
Add the following as an additional section:
Sec. 2. Jlwl be it further enaclcd} That the seventh sec-
tion of the act to regulate the diplomatic and consular sys-
tem of the United States, approved 18th August, 1836, be,
and the same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I offer as an amend-
ment to that section the following:
Provided, That the President shall be authorized to ap-
point consular assistants, to be attached to the commission
to Chiua, not to exceed six in number at any one tune iu
the service, and who shall he citizens of the United States
of America, and who shall be compensated for their ser-
vices at a rate not exceeding §1,000 per year, the sum to
be determined by the Picsident. Said assistants shall be
placed under the charge and direction of the chief inter-
preter to the commission to China, for the purpose of acquir-
ing a knowledge of the Chinese language in its various
dialects, as well as its wiitten character, and may be trans-
ferred thence to duty in the consulates of the United States
m China, to serve as interpreters or clerks in said consu-
lates, upon the same terms, or upon terms which maj be
established by law, whenever the Commissioner to China
may deem such transfer to be required by the public wel-
fare; and such assistant to be transferred shall, upon exam-
ination by the chief interpreter, have a certificate from that
officer that said assistant is qualified to serve as interpreter
to such consulate, from his knowledge of the Chinese lan-
guage.
I am anxious that the House should adopt
that amendment in order to meet a great national
want. We have but one person in China who
belongs to our delegation who knows anything-
; about the Chinese language; and if he should be
I; removed to-day, you have not a man who can fill
]j his plane; and you would be compelled to rely
j| upon other Governments in order to supply your
necessities in a country where your commerce is
; | of the most inieresting and growing character. I
will state to the House, that we are the only
nat.on in Christendom that 1 know of, which is
repiesunted at all in China, which has not sup-
plied itself in this way to meet like necessities.
Russia has constantly, since 1720, kept a class of
young men, for the purpose of acquiring a knowl-
edge of the Chinese language. When I was in
China, I saw a corps of British students. In fact,
they have in Malacca a college for the purpose of
educating men in a knowledge of the Asiatic lan-
guages. Even Spam keeps boys in China for the
purpose of learning the language.
This provision was placed in the law last year
at my instance. The Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs drew up the bill so as to allow twenty-four
consular pupils, and left it to the President to say
where they should be employed. You have now
five open ports in China, and your consuls are
required to perform consular and judicial func-
tions—to administer justice between Chinese and
Americans. You are required to keep the peace,
and you have taken upon yourself by treaty to
settle difficulties between the native population
and your citizens, but you have nobody who
understands what the native wants to complain
of, nor any mode in which you can tell him what
your decision is.
I do not want to take up the time of the House
on this subject, but I will say, in conclusion, that
in my opinion this meets a national necessity.
I hope it will be adopted by the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust sincerely that the
House will refuse to adopt this amendment of the
Senate. The very necessity referred to by the
gentleman from Kentucky, from his personal
observation, will doubtless satisfy the House that
the consular pupils provided for in the bill will be
required for similar purposes elsewhere. The
very argument proving the necessity in China
of consular clerics or consular assistants, applies
equally forcible to every part of the continent of
Europe, and everywhere else. The consular bill
reported by the committee having that subject in
charge, provided for the appointment of consuls,
and especially for this sort of assistants, and yet
' we find this anomaly in legislation, a repealing
clause placed upon an appropnatian bill. Con-
gress has, on more than one occasion since I have
had the honor of a seat upon this floor, refused
to allow general legislation in an appropriation
bill, either in this or the other Chamber; and while
I am very willing that the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky may be added to this bill,
because it is entirely consistent with the provis-
ions of the consular bill passed last session, I am
opposed to ingrafting a repealing clause upon an
appropriation bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Let me say to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania that if my amend-
ment is attached to the repealing clause, my pro-
viso, and the section as thus amended passes, you
save the Chinese pupilage system. If you do not
