574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 5, 1857.
Frayer by theChaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved,
PEVIDENTIAL VOTES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Eigl£R teller on the part of the Senate to count
the votes for President and Vice President of the
Ui'ited Scales, under the resolution adopted yes-
terday. And, subsequently, a message was re-
ceiveu from the House of Representatives, by
Mr. CuLLOM,its Clerk, announcing that the House
of Representatives concur m the resolution of the
Senate respecting the mode of counting the votes
for President and Vice President of the United
States; and have appointed Mr. George W.
Jones, of Tennessee, and Mr. Howard, of Mich-
igan, tellers on the part of the House.
COINAGE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting the annual report
of the Director of the Mint, snowing the opera-
tions of the Mint and its branches for the last
year.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that the communica-
tion be printed, and referred to the Committee on
Finance. In connection with that matter I will
say, that there is on the table a bill in reference
to silver coinage, which has been returned by
the House of Representatives with amendments.
The two Houses have agreed on u, or at least
the Committee on Finance recommend an agree-
ment to the amendments of the House, with the
exception of one small amendment. I hope it
will be taken up and acted on now.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on finance, and ordered to be printed; and
the Senate proceeded to consider the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the bill (>S.
No. 190) entitled "An act relating to foreign
coins, and the coinage of cents at the Mint of the
United States."
The Committee on Finance reported an amend-
ment to the amendments of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mi. HUNTER. We recommend concurtenee
in all the amendments of the House except one,
which we propose to amend. I will state what
that is. The object of our amendment is to ex-
change at the Mint the new cents, on which our
seigniorage is something like eighty pei cent., for
the. period of two yeais, for tlu: Spanish pieces
at their nominal value, so as to enable us towoik
them off.
The Secretary read the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, which is to add to the sixth
section the following:
Arid it shall al-o Iv* lawful, lor the spare of two years
from ttie passage ot tliR act, and no lougci, to pay out at the
Mint the ecnto ufoie&aui loi the fin.etiou.il p.nts ot the dol-
lar horuinheloic named at their nominal value of uventv-
fivc, twelve and a ha)!, and six and a nu.utei cents, ic^ncct-
jvely. ' 1
So that the section will read:
Ssc.G. And be it J uit her enacted, That it shall be lawful
to pay outtho said cent at the Mint m exchange ; ami it s-halt
be iawiul to transmit parceU of the «aui cuii'n from tune to
time to the at-Mi-iant uea^urers and riepo-itanes, and other
Officers ot the t; hired States, under gcncia) legui.mons pro-
posed by^the Dnectorol the Mint, and app  oved by the Sec-
retary ot the Treasu-y for exchange as aforesaid; and it
shall also be lawful, tor the epace ot two vear* fionuiie pas-
> ago oi this act, and no longer, to pay out at the Mint the i
cents a'otesaid tor the fractional part-, of a dollar heiembe- i
fore named, at their nominal value of twenty-five twelve '
arul n had, ana t-ix and a quartet cents, respectively. |
I lie amendment of the Committee on Finance j
to the amendments of the House of Representa- '
tives was agreed to; and the amendments as!
amended were concurred in. j
ENTRIES UNDER THE GRADUATION ACT. j
Mr. STUART. A bill from the House of j
Representatives to confinn certain entries of land '
therein named was yesterday referred to the Com- ;
mittee on Public Lands. We took up that subject i
this morning, and the Senator from Mississippi, 1
[Mr. Bltowx,] and thts Senator from Alabama^ i
[Mr. Cl.w,] were before ns. We have agreed j
unanimously in the committee, and I believe with '
the assent of those gentlemen, to two or three
amendments to the bill; and inasmuch as this bill,
as stated the other day, is of a very important
character, I will ask the Senate to act on the
amendments at this time, that the bill may be
returned to the House of Representatives.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 804) to confirm certain entries of
land therein named.
The first amendment of the committee was, in
line eight, after the word " act," to insert "and
the instructions issued and m force, and in the
hands of the register at the time of making said
entry."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to hear the
amendment read m connection with the bill, so as
to understand it.
The Secretary again read the amendment. The
clause, if amended, will read as follows:
That all entri^ of the pubhe lands under the act to grad-
uate and rcduce the price of the public lands to actual set-
tlers and cultivator, appioved Augu-t 4, 1854, made puor
to the passage of tins at t, in which the puichaser has made
the affidavit and paid the pmchas-c-moncy as requited by
said act, and the instructions issued and in force in the
hands of the register at the time ot making said entry.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It strikes me that that
bill leaves the law in a very uncertain condition.
How are the purchasers of public lands, or how
is the country, to knosv what the law is5 It
makes the circulars issued by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office in the bonds of the
register at the time the entry was made part of
the law. We all know that these circulars have
been changed from time to time. One of the very
complaints which have been made in regard to
the administration of this graduation act "is that
the instructions have been varied. The Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office at one time is-
sued one set of instructions, and then counter-
manded or added to them by others. From hear-
ing that amendment read, without any opportunity
to examine it, it strikes me that we shall have a
variety of laws, and no one will be able to tell
what the law in reference to his case is, until he
ascertains what particular instructions may have
been in the hands of the register or receiver at the
time he made his entry; and we may have a dif-
ferent law in one Statu from that in another, for
some regiaters would have received the instruc-
tions, mid others not. I may misapprehend the
tiled of the amendment, however.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will allow me,
I think I can explain it to him. The amendment
was presented to the committee by the honorable
Senator irom Mississippi, [Air. Browk,] in ac-
cordance with the views he expressed the other
day, and by the committee unanimously adopted.
Its effect is this: it confirms all entries which have
been made up to this time,and whu h, when nude,
were made according to the requirements of the
law, and the instructions which were in the hands
oi the ofiieeis wheie the entry was mode and m
force. The giound presented by the Senator from
Mississippi was, that the Distinctions undertook,
in some instances, as he said, to make it neces-
sary for a man to do something which he was not
required to do when he made the entry. It is
admitted by all that the instructions are a part of
the law; and if they were in existence and in the
hands of the officers when the applicant made the
enti y at the time, he of course complied with them. ,
Rut the Senator irom Mississippi insisted flint no i
subsequent instructions could have any effect on '
a former entry. This amendment is just who t he j
said. It only makes it necessary that the entry j
shall have been made in accordance with the law I
and the instructions, which it is conceded were a ;
part ot the law at the time the entry was made.
They must not only have been in the hands of
the officer when the entry was made, but they
must have been in force at the time—that is, not
superseded by other instructions.
As I said before, the Senator from Mississippi
and the Senator from Alabama were both before
the committee, and their views on this subject
were adopted. The Senator from Illinois, there-
fore, wili see that it only does what the law in
other cases does. It has be?n the practice, from
the foundation of'he land system m this Govern-
ment, for the Commissioner of the General Land
Office to give instructions to the local officers as to
their duties, and all entries made thereafter must
hp made in accordance with those instructions.
That is precisely what this amendment does, and
nothing more.
Air. TRUMBULL. The explanation of the
Senator from Michigan does not seem to me to
obviate the objection whrh I stated to this amend-
ment. It is certainly a very crude way of legis-
lating to pass laws confirming the titles to land,
and that confirmation to be made dependent on the
instructions issued by the department, and re-
1 ceived at the office at the time. It is manifest to
every one that we shall have different construc-
tions of this law in different parts of the country.
The instructions are received at one land office
before they are received at another, and a mail
cannot tell when his title is confirmed.
I think with the Senator from Mississippi, that
many of these instructions were unwarranted by
the law. I recognize the right of the General
Land Office to proscribe instructions under the
graduation act, but they should have been in
accordance with the spirit of that act; and when
a party went forward and made his entry under
the law, and made his affidavit showing that the
entry was made for a particular purpose, either
as contiguous to an adjoining farm of his, or for
the purpose of cultivation and settlement, he had
complied with the law, and was entitled to his
patent. I doubt the right, and certainly I deny
the propriety, of the Land Office undertaking to
prescribe a different set of rules, and requiring
something more than the law required. The cir-
culars of the department may very properly be
issued so as to carry out the object and spirit of
the law, but not to make law. The great diffi-
culty under this act has arisen in its administra-
tion.
It seems to me, if it be deemed important to
incorporate these ciiculars issued by the Land
Office department into the law, they should be
inserted so that everybody may know what they
arc, and not make the law dependent on these
hidden and unknown circulars—I do not mean
hidden so that they may not be obtained, but the
public generally do not know what they are. I
cannot tell a constituent now m the State of Illi-
nois, if this bill passes, whether he could procure
his title or not. He must ascertain the date of
his entry. He must ascertain what papers and
instructions were in the possession of the regis-
ter at the time the entry was made.
I hope this amendment will not be adopted, at
any rate without opportunity to examine it. It
is a very important matter—important to thou-
sands of person? in the new States. I trust that
the amendment will be put m a different shape if
I adopted, or that we may have an opportunity to
j examine it. I prefer that the matter should not
i be actcd on this morning.
i Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, if the Senator
■ from Illinois will give me his attention, I think I
J can show him m a very few words that he mis-
j apprehends the effect of this amendment. We
: all admit that the land department of the Gov-
| ernment has the right to issue instructions under
I winch this and other land laws shall be executed.
( When the first instructions were issued, parties
■ went forward and made their entries m conformity
; with them. When the second instructions were
| issued they undertook to give to them a retro-
I spcctive operation—to make them act upon entries
I that had already been made. That was the chief
; giound of complaint—that parties who had com-
plied with the law, and with the instructions up
to the day when they made their entries, stilldid
not get a good title, but had to go back and make
other affidavits and comply with other instruc-
tions to get a title.
Now, what the amendment proposes to do is
simply this: That if a party has made his entry
in accordance with the law and the instructions
m existence at the time when he made the entry,
it shall be valid, and that no subsequent instruc-
tions shall affect that entry. To show my friend
that there can be no hardship in this, the amend-
ment requires that the instructions shall be in tha
hands of the register before they shall take effect.
Why ? That the entry shall be made in accord-
ance with the instructions. Then, if a party has
made his entry, as a matter of course he will have
done—for the register having them in his hands
will of course require a party entering the lands
to comply with them; in his case there is no hard-
ship because he has complied with the law and
with the instructions. If he had not complied
with them of course he could not make the entry.
The mere act of the entry itself is evidence that
he has complied with the instructions, if the re-
gister of the land office did his duty. Then I
