THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C;
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1857.
New Series,. ,. .No. 37.*
seem, according to the original construction of the
Secretary of the Interior.
Subsequently, however, by circular instruc-
tions, issued December 27, 1855, some fourteen
months after the first instructions, it was re-
quired that the party should swear that he was
twenty-one years of a^e; and that was required
to perfect the title whicn, I think, he had already
acquired under the former instructions by his
affidavit and payment of the purchase-money.
But by a third or fourth circular letter of April 7,
1856, the Department, reviewing their former
instructions, have endeavored to correct some
errors they then committed. Among other things
they provided that, if the minor was the head of
a family, his entry should be good, and his title
confirmed. They provide furthermore, that if he
was a minor at the time of the entry, and entered
upon the land,and in good faith went to cultivating
it, he should be admitted on proof of that. I will
read what they say:
" If a 4 minor'is the k liead of a familjyhis entry invalid.
If not the Inuid of a family, it is invalid."—Opinion of the
.Attorney General, July 25, 18oj.
" In the case, however, of a purchaser whose entry is
invalid by reason of 1ns minority at the time, hut who after-
wards reaches his majority, and has identified himself with
the premises hy actual settlement and cultivation, the land
may be secured to him by pioducing pioof of such actual
settlement and cultivation."
I think these instructions were very proper.
They do not disappoint the actual settler, and
they do not violate any vested right. The amend-
ment, however, would exclude him from the ben-
efits of the act, notwithstanding he has entered
upon the land in good faith, and been cultivating
it, and built his cabin, and improved it, after at-
taining his majority. I wish to embrace those
cases, and to prevent their being excluded from
the benefit of the act; and with'that view I pro-
pose to amend the second section reported by the
committee by adding, after the words " was or
shall be made," the words:
Unless said rumor, after rcachms his majority, has iden-
tified himself with the premises by actual settlement ami
cultivation.
> Mr. STUART, t have no objection to that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I ask if that would not
oblige the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, where the entry was made by a minor, to
keep it open, and see what he would do when he
should become of age r
Mr. STUART. Strike out the words " after
reaching his majority;" so that it will read:
Unlevs nanl minor ha* identified himself with the prem-
ises by actual settlement and cultivation.
Mr. CLAY. That is better. I accept that.
Mr. GEYER. 1 think we had better not adopt
this section. It is undertaking to legislate retro-
spectively upon the rights of parties acquired
under the graduation act of 18j4. One general
remark, I think, will dispose of the proposed new
section, and that is, that if these entries were un-
lawful, there is nothing in the prior part of the
bill which gives them any effect whatever; for no i
entries which have not oeen made according to
, the provisions of the act of 1854, and the instruc-
tion of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, are valid. Therefore, there is nothing in
the bill to give them validity. They depend for
their validity upon the act of 1851. If they were :
valid, what right have we to disturb them? Or
have we the right to declare invalid that which
was valid under the law of our own enactment?
3f they were invalid, our declaration to that elFoct
cannot operate upon them. It is a judicial ques-
tion—one which we have no right to decide.
But, Mr. President, is there anything in the act
of 1854 that interdicts entries by married women
or by minors? Not one word, sir, on the sub-
ject. That is an idea suggested by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office,and not found in
the act. The act of 1854 does nothing more than
this: it reduces the price of the public land upon
its having been a certain number of years in the
market to a lower sum than the general minimum.
That is ail the effect it has. It does not disqualify
a married woman who could enter any of this
37
land at $1 25 an acre under the general law, or an
infant. Any of them could make entry under
tpb general law at §1 25 per acre. Now, what is
it that disqualifies them? Is it the reduction of
price ? Certainly not.
Then we come to the third section, which
speaks of the entry. A married woman and an
infant are affected by no disqualification, but they
cannot enter this land at the minimum of its grad-
uation unless they take the affidavit. It is not
upon a condition that they shall, hereafter ratify
it by actual settlement, but that they shall make
an affidavit that the object of the entry is for set-
tlement; and having done that, they have com-
plied with the terms of the law, and are entitled
to the land. If they have been guilty of perjury,
they ought to be punished; but it does not become
us to assume and to decide judicially that they
have been guilty of perjury, and take away from
them that which we have declared to be their legal
right, upon the condition of making the affidavit.
The third section of the law is:
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That any person ap-
plying to enter any of the aforesaid lands shall bo required
to make affidavit before the register or receiver of the proper
land office that he or she entcis the s ame forhisJ or horovvn
use, mid foi the purpose of «\< tual settlement and cultiva-
tion, or for the u^e of an adjoining firm or plantation owned
oi occupied by Imn or herself, ami, together with said entry,
he orotic has not acquired finai the United States, undei
the provision* of this act, mou! than three hundred and
twenty acres, .leeouliiig to the established surveys; and if
any person or persons, taking such oath or atlidavit, shall
swear faholy m the piemi.-c-, he or }4ic shall be subject to
all the pains and penalties ot peiiniy.
That affidavit being made, the entry is valid,
be the party entering it young or old, an adult or
an infant, tifemme couvcrt or a femme sole. It is an
attempt, Mr. President, to correct our own errors
by operating on the rights of those who have
complied with the terms of the law, and have
paid their money into the Treasury of the United
States.
It has been said that the intention was to give
this entry only to actual settlers, but it is not so
by the terms of the law. By the terms of the
law any person, old or young, is entitled to make
entry at the minimum price if he will make an
affidavit, subject to punishment for perjury if he
makes a false affidavit.' 1 think then', sir, that
this section is out of place; that we are undertaking
to operate retrospectively on the rights of paities
which are settled by the terms of the law.
Mr. STUART, Mr. President, i shall detain
the Senate only a moment, for I confess that so
far as I have any personal feeling in this matter
it would not be affected one way or another by
this bill; but I suggest to the honorable Senator
from Missouri whether the extent of his argu-
ment is well founded. The object of this law—
I do not now speak of what the object of the
House of Representatives and Senate was in pass-
ing it — its purpose as ascertained from the lan-
guage of the law itself, is to reduce and graduate
the price of public lands to actual settlers. The
object was not to reduce the price to anybody
but an actual settler. Theie is no doubt that any-
body of any age is ut liberty to enter Government
lands at §1 '25 per acre, because they are on sale
to everybody at that price. But this law made a
distinction in favor of a particular class of per-
sons only, arid that class is actual settlors.
Nov/ I submit to the honorable Senator that
although an affidavit may be sworn to that the
individual enters this land for the purpose of ac-
tual settlement and cultivation, yet if the very
condition of that person is such as to put it out
of his power to do so, that on its face is a fraud,
which vitiates ail transactions. An affidavit may
be as null and void on account of the fraud that
is in it as any other instrument. Take the case
of an infant in its mother's arms; would not any
court say at the first blush that an entry made
by such an individual of land for the purpose of
cultivation was, in the very nature of things,
absolutely votd ?
$Tr. GEYER. As I do not wish to trouble the
Senate again, I ask the Senator, does not the bill
now contain a provision annulling all fraudulent
entries where it is manifest from the condition of
the party that he could not have entered to culti- <
vate and settle the land? I submit to him also
whether there arc not in his State, as well as, I
believe, other western States, many persons who
are not twenty-one years of age who actually cul-
tivate and occupy land on their own account ?
Mr. STUART.. There is no doubt of that j but
the Senator will see that the amendment, as mod-
ified on the suggestion of the Senator from Ala-
bama, reaches those cases. Where t-he individual,
though under age, has identified himself with the
land by actual cultivation, he holds it. As I said, I
only wish the Senate to act undorstandiiigly on the
matter. The cases are not a few where a man has
gone on and entered three hundred and twenty
acres oflandin the name of every child he has got,
and his wife besides. He has taken it in his own
name, in the name of his wife, and in the name
of every child he has got, down to tho infant in
its mother's arms. That is violative of every prin-
ciple of the law, and violative of common justice;
and, Mr. President, what is worse, in effect it is
violative of the best interests of the land States,
as the honorable Senator from Missouri knows,
because he lives in one of them, to allow the land
to be taken tip and held for a long time without
the power of cultivation;it works great injury.
I confess 1 am not certain tliat the previous
provisions of this bill would not authorize the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to annul
such entries; but 1 suggest to the honorable Senator
that that is the very difficulty we are nowunder.
1 think the better legal opinion is, that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office in every
instance, is justified by law in the instructions
which he hasjssued, but they have created a -
great deal of complaint, and commotion, and
difficulty m the country. The reason why tfire
committee offered this amendment, and offered it i
unanimously, was that to this extent an absolute
construction should be given by Congress, that
an entry is fraudulent unless the person entering
indentifics himself with the land. If ho is eigh-
teen years, or seventeen years, or sixteen years
old, no matter what his age, if he has gone on the
land, and actually settled and cultivated it,as the
section has been amended on.tiie suggestion of
tho honorable Senator from Alabama, he holds
the land. I have no feeling about the case; and
if the Senate think the impression suggested by
the Senator from Missouri is the better one, let
them strike out the section.
While I am up, let me say n word in relation to
what has been said by the honorable Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Adams.1 What is true of tho
States which he has named is equally true of the
State of Michigan. A man led woman can hold
property ill her own right by purchase, by gift,
or by descent, and hold it absolved from all lia-
bility on account of her husband's debts, and she
can transmit it by deed or hy will. That is all
true; but does thatmeet the dilliculty which I have
just suggested to the Senator from Missouri? Is
it not in fraud of the law that a woman residing
with her husband, a farmer or not a farmer, un-
dertakes to say that she is going into the actual
settlement and cultivation of land on her own
account ? I do not care whether her husband be
a farmer, or Ix: of any other profession or voca-
tion, she has no interest, and can have none in
actual settlement or cultivation, separate and dis-
tinct from his, if she lives with him.
I am entirely in favor of the provisions of law
in the several States which give this right £o mar-
ried women. I think they are wise provisions;
but we must remember that we are graduating
lands to those who actually settle on and occupy
them, for the benefit not so much of these indi-
viduals. What you have done is for the benefit of
the State in which the land lies, and the benefit
of the General Government too; because actual
settlement and cultivation of every acre of the
United States lands would be the best thing that
could be done, both for the States in which they
lie and for the General Government. If the land
was given'as a gift, without any price at all, it
