578
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
' would be the very best disposition of it that could
-be made. Shall we permit a fraud on the law by
a woman who sits down and makes an affidavit
that she intends to actually settle on the land,
when she must stay with her husband—it is her
duty to do so—and when he has three hundred
• and twenty acres of land of his own, w;hich they
are living upon and occupying ?
I should not object to amending this provision
• in regard to married women in the same way as
has been done in regard to minors. * If married
women residing with their husbands go into
actual occupancy of the land, I would make an
exception in their favor; but I hold that it would
be unjust to now indorse such violations of the
law as have come to my personal knowledge,
where men who live in cities and villages, and
have no more idea ofgoinguponGovernmentland
than any Senator here has of making himself a
permanent resident of Turkey, have entered three
hundred and twenty acres of land in their own
name,and theirwives have entered three hundred
and twenty acres of land in their name, for mere
speculative purposes. Will the Congress of the
United States indorse such conduct? That is the
question. The committee thought that it ought
not to be done, that it was such a plain and pal-
pable violation of the principles and intention of
the act, that it ought not to be indorsed at all;
and upon this point the Committee on Public
Lands were unanimous. I will agree, so far as
I am concerned individually, I repeat, to a modi-
fication of that language, which shall give even
to a married woman residing with her husband
the benefit of the graduated price if she cultivates
the land; but if there is to be no cultivation at all,
either by her or by her-hnsband, then, I say, it is
not only in violation of the act, but m violation
of the rights and interests of the States in which
the lands lie, and of the General Government.
This, Mr. President, will explain the views
which the committee entertain on the subject. I
very checrfully leaves the whole question to the
judgment of the Senate, and have no feeling upon
the matter.
Mr. GEYER. I do not think the Senator from
>.i Michigan lias met the objection which I made.
-f-- It was this: if these entries are fraudulent, it is
in the power of the Secretary of the Interior to
declare them so, on ascertaining that fact, it being
understood that he lias, to some extent, judicial
powers in reference to these entries; but what I
object to is, that Congress is taking upon itself
the decision of a judicial question, assuming that
every married woman and every youngman under
twenty-one years of age, who has made an entry
under this act, has committed perjury, and dcclai-
ing, in consequence of that assumption of their
having perpetrated the crime of perjur}'", that then-
entry shall be annulled, except upon a single con-
dition, and that is, that they shall purge them-
selves of the crime by connecting themselves with
the land and settling upon it. The objection I
have is to our undertaking here, on account of
the bare fact that the party is either under age or
e.femme comerl, to assume that he or she has com-
mitted perjury. I admit that there may be cir-
cumstances connected with an entry which show
it to have been fraudulent; and 111 that case, by
. the terms of this bill, the Commissioner of the
General Land Office can annul it. But the vice
of this section is that it assumes, upon the single
fact of coverture or infancy, that the entry is
fraudulent. The honorable Senator from Mich-
igan admits that there may be innocent entries by
young men under twenty-one years of age, for
the purposes of cultivation. The law fixes no
time when they shall enter upon the land and
cultivate it. Inasmuch as this bill itself provides
tin adequate remedy, in all cases where, upon the
whole state of tacts, the Commissioner of the
General Land Office shall judge the entry to be
fraudulent, I do not think it becomes us to de-
clare an entry fraudulent upon the single fact that
it is in the name of tt married woman or a person
under age.
It should be borne in mind, also, that every
one of these entiies is preceded by an affidavit of
the individual in whose name the entry is made,
of the facts required by the third section of the
act; and if we undertake to say all these entries
axe prima facie null, we declare that in all those
cases, pri,n*i facie, the parties have committed
perjury; and not only as prima ficie, but that
they have committed perjury, and we visit upon
them, as penalty for that offense, the forfeiture
of their rights under the act of 1854. I do not
think the remedy proposed by the honorable Sen-
ator—that is, an amendment to affirm the entry
upon the condition that a married woman shall
cultivate the land—will answer the purpose. You
still declare before the world that she has com-
mitted perjury, and that she can only relieve her-
self from it now by doing an act which the law did
not enjoin upon her at the time it was passed.
Mr. ADAMS. I will not detain the Senate.
I wish only to reply to a single suggestion of ray
friend from Michigan. He admits that, by the
previous portion of the bill, without this section,
in his judgment—I think there can be no doubt
of it—where frauds have been committed, the
Secretary of the .Interior is authorized so to de-
clare, and render them null and void. He says,
however, there are cases where an individual has
entered in the name of his wife, and in the name
of his children also. Suppose that to be true:
no one will doubt, in the first place, that there
! are minors who are heads of families, who are
: married. Instances of this kind have occurred,
j and perhaps a large majority of them are of this
; kind. A tract of land is ill the vicinity of a poor
i man. The brother or the father of the lady will
say to her, " I will advance the money if you will
enter the land in your own name; but 1 am not
going to advance money for this land if it is to be
entered in the name of your husband, because it
! will be subjected to his debts, or he can dispose
j of it." The object was to secure the land to the
| woman and to her children. Who cares whether
I the entry is in her name or in her husband's'
j Under these circumstances, I ask what pro-
I priety is there in declaring that every entry made
in the name of a minor, or a married woman who
lives with her husband, shall be declared void?
The objection taken by the Senatorfrom Missouri,
I think, is unanswerable—that the law authorized
any person to enter, and when any one'complies
with the law, he or she has a vested right which
Congress cannot now divest. I think it should
not attempt any such thing. I believe all the ob-
jects of the committee are accomplished by the
previous operation of the bill without the amend-
ment, and therefore I hope we shall vote 011 it and
reject it, and pass the bill without it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Alabama to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is 011 the amendment as amended.
Mr. FlTZPATRiCK. I took some interest
in the passage of the law under which all these
entries were made, and 1 feel solicitous about the
passage of a bill of this character. In the main
this bill meets my views as fully as any that could
be presented under the circumstances. There
are a class of' cases for which I have great con-
cern, which were intended to be provided for in
the adoption of such a law. If the chairman of
the committee who reported this bill will give me
his ear, I will ask hnn what is designed by the
language here incorporated ? When this law
was adopted, in the region of country where I live
there was great anxiety amonsst settlers to avail
themselves of its privileges. Many of them were
remote from the land offices. The first circular
issued by the Commissioner of the General Land
Office was not so stringent as to the affidavit, and
as to the other matters connected with the entries,
as was the one subsequently issued. Those in
the immediate vicinity of the land offices pro-
ceeded to enter the lands of settlers. The party
who entered did not reside upon the land, thereby
defeating what was declared to be the intention of
the law when this act was passed. My object is
to protect that class of settlers who were deprived
of their lands by parties who entered on them,
and in fact did not reside on them, but simply
obtained the numbers and entered the lands for
their own benefit.
Subsequent to these entries, the clamor in the
section of country where 1 live became so great
that the Commissioner of the General Land Office
very properly modified his instructions, and re-
quired the applicant to swear that there was' no
person residing on the land. What I desire now
to know of the committee is, do they mean by
the language, " all fraudulent or evasive entries
made,"to empower the Commissioner to declare
those entries void and give the settler his land,
when the settler has made application at a subse-
quent period for it ?
Mr. STUART. Perhaps I do not fully under-
stand the Senator from Alabama as to the char-
acter of the settlements of which he speaks,
whether they be preemption settlements or settle-
ments by entries made under this law. To which
class does he refer ?
Mr. FlTZPATRiCK. Entries under the
graduation law.
Mr. STUART. The effect of this bill, I have
no doubt, is to give to the first entry with the
actual settler upon it the right to the land. Al-
though that entry may have been affected by sub-
sequent circulars, this bill confirms it and gives
it to the man who first made the entry and made
his affidavit and paid his money. There can be
no doubt about that.
Mr. FlTZPATRiCK. If that be the effect,
if I understand the honorable gentleman cor-
rectly, this bill would be quite distasteful to me,
and I design to offer an amendment to provide
against giving sanction to the entry of the fifst
party, because he was not an actual settler and
did not reside on it. Subsequent to that entry,
and perhaps under subsequent instructions, the
actual settler, who was legitimately and fairly en-
titled to the land in the first instance, entered it.
Mr. STUART. Then he must have been en-
tled to it under the preemption law.
Mr. CLAY. If my colleague and the Senator
from Michigan will pardon me, I think I can set
this matter right. There is clearly an error of
fact in this matter. The original circular of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office required
the person proposing to enter under the law, to
swear, among other things, that the land which he
was about to enter was not in actual occupation.
Here it is before me. I have read all of them. It
was the circular of the 30th October, 1854, the
first which was issued. It contains a review of
the act, and the construction of the Commissioner,
and it contains the act itself, and then the pre-
scribed forms of entry. The affidavit required was
in these words:
" I enter the same for my own use, for the purpose of
actual settlement and cultivation, and that, together with
saul entry, X have not acquired from the Uni ted States, under
the provisions of said act, more than three hundred and
twenty acres, according to tile established surveys; and '
Anther, that the said land is not now in the occupancy of
any actual settler whose settlement thereon existed at the
date of <-aid law."
Mr. FlTZPATRiCK. I am utterly opposed
to sanctioning the entries, if that is the construc-
tion of the committee; and, therefore, I offer the
following amendment:
Provided, That nothing herein contained shall divest the
! settlor of any entry made by a party who was not a settler
! of the land-..
; I will not undertake to say that my colleague
is mistaken; but my impression is — because I
j have a distinct recollection of the circumstances—
I that the first circular did not require an affidavit
I of that kind. I will not speak as to my absolute
! conviction about it, but my impression was that
! the first circular did not require an affidavit that
I there was no occupant of the land. I think, with
I due deference to my colleague's recollection, that
i that was embraced in the second circular.
| Mr. CLAY. I have the circular before me.
J Mr. FlTZPATRiCK. I offer this amendment
| because I think we shall be committing rank-in-
' justice, and absolutely defeating the intention of
j the law, if we sanction entries made by parties
; who did not reside on the land, depriving the
i actual occupant of his home.
: Mr. ADAMS. 1 suggest to my friend from
j Alabama that his proviso would come in prop-
1 ei'ly after we vote on this amendment.
; Mr. FlTZPATRiCK. Then I will offer it after
j we dispose of this amendment.
; The amendment of the committee, was not
I agreed to. -
! Mr. IVERSON. I have an amendment in the
I shape of a proviso to offer to the bill, to come in
| after the seventeenth line, and the termination of
! one amendment already adopted by the Senate:
Jhid provided also, That this act shall not apply to any
entry and sale of land granted to any railroad company, and
withdrawn from entry and sale by the Commissioner ot this
General Land Office priorto said entry and sale, and which
mav hereafter be annulled by said Commissioner.
