M
1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
579
This bill provides that it shall not be construed
go as to confirm any of the entries heretofore an-
nulled and vacated by the Commissioner of the
General Land Officefor fraud, oranyspecial cause.
That includes all cases where the entries have
been improperly made, and have been already
annulled by the Commissioner of the General
Land Office; but it does not embrace cases in
which entries have been made and not yet an-
nulled, but may be hereafterannulled by the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office. My amend-
ment proposes to reserve the question as to the
validity of entries made under certain circum-
stances which have not yet been acted on by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. I
know one case, which I will bring to the notice
of the Senate. A grant was made to a railroad
company of Alabama. The lands were withdrawn
by the. Commissioner of the General Land Office
by proclamation, and by circular to the registers
and receivers in the districts in which the lands
were situated. Notwithstanding this, the register
and receiver, in violation of the instructions of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office, went
on and permitted various entries to be made under
the graduation act; and the railroad company
which, under that act, would have been entitled
to six or eight hundred thousand acres of land,
have been actually divested of more than two
thirds of the land by this improper proceeding of
the register and receiver. I was informed by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office that the
entries were illegal and void, and that he would
annul them. I am not advised, however, whether
the cancellation has actually been made by the
Commissioner. If it has not been done, the Com-
missioner will doubtless do it hereafter.
My object is simply to reserve those cases, and
not to confirm those entries. Unless some pro-
vision of this kind is inserted, the bill itself will
confirm every entry made which has not already
been annulled. I think that would be unjust.
My amendment, therefore, will only remit the
parties to their legal rights at the time the entries
were. made. It does not affect the rights of any
person. >f the entries were valid, the Commis-
sioner will not annul them. If they are invalid,
the Commissioner should annul them. It is
- proper they should be set aside, and not be con-
firmed by this bill.
Mr. CLAY. I ask that the amendment of the
Senator from Georgia be read. I think I can
obviate his objection by a few remarks.
The Secretary again read it,
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest that there have
been no grants to railroad companies.
Mr. IVERSON. They have been made to
States for the benefit of railroads.
Mr. COLLAMER. It should be so altered.
Mr. IVERSON. I will modify itsoas to make
it read " grants made to any State for the con-
struction of any railroad."
Mr. CLAY. I think, with due deference to
the Senator from Georgia, that this amendment
is entirely supeifiuous. Thegraduation act itself i
protected the raiiroads in the use and benefit of {
the lands which were granted to the State for the j
particular road. In the very first section of the
graduation act there is a proviso to this effect:
" Provided, This section shrill not be 90 construct as to
extend to lands reserved to the United States in acts grant-
ing lands to States for railroads or other internal improve-
ments, or to mineral lands held at over one dollar and
twenty-five cent/? per acre."
This bill does not change the character of the
graduation bill at all. It is only in fact a con-
struction of that act. It only defines the cases
which shall not be within the purview and enjoy
the benefit of the act. It does not alter the act in
any respect. It is a mere construction of the
graduation act. There is a provision here that
will protect all these railroads, for it declares that
no entry made in fraud of this law shall be valid.
The entry of the lands reserved for a railroad
"Would be palpably in fraud of the act, for there
is an express reservation in the graduation law of
those lands which have been granted to the States
to aid railroads. Hence it is unnecessary to press
that amendment on the Senate. It is entirely
superfluous. It is only reenacting what hasalready
been enacted rnto a law, and the bill now before
us expressly excepts all cases where entries have
been made in fraud of the graduation act. That
would be a clear fraud. Moreover, the amend-
ment of the Committee on Public Lands excepts
all entries which have been annulled and vacated
by the Commissioner.
Mr. IVERSON. I suggested before, that this
bill, with the amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands, excepts cases where the entries
have already been annulled; but it does not except
cases where entries have been improperly made
'and have not yet been annulled, but which may
hereafter be annulled.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will have the bill
read again, 1 think that impression will be re-
moved. It provides for all cases where entries
have been made in fraud of the act.
Mr. IVERSON. It says: " where fraud is or
may be charged before the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.''
Mr. CLAY. That is the original bill; read the
amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. The amendment does not
affect it. It will leave open the whole question as
to the construction of the word " fraud." It ap-
plies to cases where fraud has been charged and
has been proved to the Commissioner for a viola-
tion of any law heretofore. Would any ehtry
made in violation of the rights of a company be
considered fraud ? It may not be. Fraud may be
confined to some disingenuousness, some want of
sincerity, some trick or artifice which the party
has practiced in obtaining his entry, 01* some
violation of truth, the commission of perjury, or
in some other way that may be considered fraud.
The word "fraud" may be construed to be con-
fined to cases of that kind, and not to reach ab-
solute and naked illegalities.
The amendmentwhieh I propose certainly can
do no harm. It does not affect the rights of parties
who made legal and proper entries, if the entries
which they have made he buoh us are provided
for by the graduation act. Then the Commis-
sioner annuls or cancels them. It will not affect
their rights. The Commissioner will not set aside
any entries made properly under the graduation
act. But if entries have been made, as in the case
I brought to the notice of the Senate, in deroga-
tion of the rights of a railroad company, by the
violation of an order by the registers and receiv-
ers, and these entries have not yet been canceled,
this bill will confirm them, according to my con-
struction, because it actually confirms every entry
made which has not been obtained by fraud, or
which has not been set aside by the cancellation
of the Commissioner. It docs not, and cannot,
exempt cases which are still in transitu, if I may
use the expression—still under the consideration
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office—
cases where entries have been illegally and im-
properly and in derogation of other rights made,
and which the Commissioner may now have
under his advice and consultation with a view to
cancel. I wish to reserve those cases from any
operation of this bill, and to prevent them from
being confirmed. I think it would be wrong to
confirm them. The amendment I have proposed
can do no harm at any rate, and I trust it will be
adopted.
Mr. CLAY. I think I can show very elenrly
that the Senator is m error. In the first place, 1
repeat, the graduation act itself reserved express! y
those lands granted to States in aid of railroads
from entry.
Mr. IVERSON. I suppose the graduation law
does exempt those cases; but this law subse-
quently passed will confirm them. Which will
have effect? Will not this law confirm them, not-
withstanding the graduation act?
Mr. CLAY. 1 repeat, this bill does not alter
the graduation act. It only proposes to construe
it—to define cases which shall not come within
its purview—nothing more. I repeat that every
amendment of the Committee on Public Lands
tends to protect the rights of these railroad com-
panies. The bill confirms " all entries of public
lands under the act to graduate and reduce the
price of public lands to actual settlers and culti-
vators, approved August 4, 1854, made prior to
the passage of this act, in which the purchaser
has made the affidavit and paid the purchase-
money as required by said act." Then cornea in
the first amendment.
Mr. STUART. I shall be obliged if the Sen-
ate will listen to me for a moment. I think I can
make a suggestion which will satisfy both Sen-
ators. It is to insert the words, "subject to
entry under the graduation act." That will re-
lieve the objection and send us back clearly to.
the original law. There can be no objection to
that.
Mr. CLAY. I will not object to that amend-
ment. I do not want to multiply words* * ?
Mr. STUART. Let it read: •'All entries'of
the public lands subject to entry under the act to
graduate," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. FITZPATRICK, I offer this amendment:
Provided further, That nothing herein contained shall be
so construed as to deprive any actual settler and cultivator
of bis right to any land on which he resided at the lime of
an entry by another person, under the act to which this act
is an amendment.
I trust that will be acceptable.
Mr. BROWN. There is no objection to it, I
suppose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in and ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time. It .
wus read the third time, and passed.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Court of Claims, made in
obedience to law, of the decision of that court in
favor of the claim of John Ericsson, accompanied
by a bill for his relief. The report and bill were,
011 motion of Mr. Stuart, referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter from the Commissioner of Patents,
communicating;, as required by the fourteenth sec-
tion of the act of March ,'J, 1837, lus annual report
for the year 185G.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following mo-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Ordered, That the report be printed; that twenty-seven
thousand additional copies of the portion relating to arts
and manufactures be printed, two thousand of which shall
he for the use of the Commissioner nf Patents; and that fifty-
five thousand additional copies of the portion'relating to
agrieultuie be printed, five thousand of which Biiali be for **
the use of the Commissioner of Patents.
RECOMMITTALS.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That tin1 memorial of Emma A. Wood he recom-
mitted to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the bill (S. No.
537) for the relief of Captain Alexander Mont-
gomery, assistant quartermaster in the United
States Army, was recommitted to the Committee
on Military AfFaira.
CAPTAIN CRAM'S REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following res-
olution j which wns considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War transmit to the Sen'
ate a copy of a report from Captain Thomas J. Cram, of
the Coips of Topographical Engineers, of November, 18f>G,
on the oceanic routes to California.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom were referred the petition of
Joseph Chase, the petition of Alexander Keef,
and the petition of James Young, submitted a
report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 553) to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to issue
land warrants to Joseph Chase, James Young,
and Alexander Keef. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading-; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 521)grantingi?ounty
land to Mary Felch, widow of the Rev. Cheever
Felch, deceased, reported it without amendment,
and submitted a report; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. PRATT, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, who were directed by a resolution of
the Senate to inquire into, and report upon, the
claim of John P. Brown, submitted a report, ac-
companied by a bill (S. No. 559) for the relief
of John P. Brown. The bill was read, and passecj
to a second reading; and the report was ordered
to be printed. .
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
