1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
tation of the United States mail upon railroads
may be taken up for the purpose of assigning a
day for its consideration. The committee desire
that it should be acted upon at as ear^jy a day as
may be convenient to the Senate. As one of the
Senators from Pennsylvania, who takes an in-
terest in the subject, [Mr. Bigler,] desires to be
absent for a few days 
Mr. BIGLER. 1 am now satisfied that I shall
not be absent.
Mr. YULEE. Then I hop* an earlier day
will be convenient to the Senator than 1 at first
supposed. I move that the bill be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. YULEE. I wish now to inquire what
day will be agreeable to the Senators from Penn-
sylvania for the consideration of the bill ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have not been in the
habit of troubling the Senate much; but I give
notice that when this bill comes up for consider-
ation a long debate may be expected, [t is one
of the most important bills which has been intro-
duced here.
Mr. YULEE. So much the more necessity
for fixing an early day.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not think it ought to
pass*at any time.
Mr. ADAMS. I will name Saturday, at half
East twelve o'clock, for the consideration of the
ill.
Mr. BIGLER. I had supposed that a day not
earlier than some time next week was under-
stood.
Mr. ADAMS. Well, I will say Monday, at
half past twelve.
Mr, BIGLER. We have a special order for
Monday—the Ohio riiter bill, in which the Sen-
ator from Ohio and myself, as well as my col-
league, have a special interest.
Mr. YULEE. What day will suit the Senator
from Pennsylvania5
Mr. BIGLER. Tuesday or Wednesday.
Mr. ADAMS. Say Wednesday, at half past
twelve o'clock.
Mr. STUART. I have no objection to the bill
being made a special order for one o'clock, but 1
have an objection to making it the special order
for half past twelve o'clock, because that over-
rides all special orders far one o'clock, whether
they have been made a month ago or not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
announce that Wednesday is fixed for counting
the votes for President and Vice President.
Mr. STUART. I hope that, whatever day is
. fixed, the bill will be made a special order for one
o'clock.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to postpone it to, and
make it the special order for, Tuesday, at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
PRIORITY OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BUTLER. A bill (S.*No. 535) in addi-
tion to an act more effectually to punish certain
offenses upon the high seas, was introduced by
the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fcssenpen,] and
has been reported by the Committee on the Ju-
diciary. I ask that it may be taken up now, be-
cause I understand that it is important to pass it
at once. There is an omission in the present law
so far as regards manslaughter. Where a stab
is given on the high seas, but the party does not
die until after returning^ to shore, there is no
punishment. The judges have brought the sub-
ject to our attention, and I think the bill may be
acted upon at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there objec-
tion to taking up the bill?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I object. There is a
bill pending here which is now the first special
order—a bill introduced on the application of one
of the States of this Union to settle a small affair
which I think will occupy but a little time of the
Senate.
Mr. BUTLER.' So that the bill to which I
have alluded be called up at some convenient
time, I am satisfied. J
Mr. STUART. I hope we shall proceed to
the consideration of the special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order is the joint resolution (S. R. No. 30) con-
cerning Wolf Island.
Mr. GEYER. I apprehend that that is not
the special order if the rule which was announced
b
I c.
t lit
m.
a few days ago is to be observed, which provides
that the special orders shall take precedence in
the order in which they were assigned. There
are several special orders which precede the one
announced by the Chair—one was for last Thurs-
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint res-
olution which was announced by the Chair was
the special order for to-day, at one o'clock. It
was not then called up; and therefore the one
having precedence is the bill (S. No. 140) making
provision to compensate agents for paying pen-
sions, and prescribing the time and manner of
settling their accounts.
Mr. STUART. The special order, which was
postponed while the Senator from California tem-
porarily occupied the chair in your absence, sir,
was the bill to extend the time for selling certain
lands granted to the deaf and dumb asylum in
Kentucky. It was postponed for half an hour,
to enable us to dispose of the bill which I reported
this morning.
Mr. GEYER. I am willing to take up that
bill if it does not affect the other orders.
Mr. ADAMS. I hope that bill will be taken
up, as suggested by the Senator from Michigan,
and disposed of. After that, I shall insist upon
taking up the special orders according to their
order. We have made rules, I take it forgranted,
for wise purposes; and the business of the Senate
will be better and more satisfactorily transacted
if we conform to the rules. By taking up the
special orders as they stand on the Calendar, and
as they are entitled to precedence by seniority,
we shall dispose of them much more rapidly and
satisfactorily.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to know what
is the business now 111 order'
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
informed that the House bill (No. 580) to extend
the time for selling the lands granted to the Ken-
tucky asylum for teaching the deaf ami dumb
came up in it Older, and l«y geneial consent was
laid over in my absence.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I never
heard of any such general consent. I want to
have the bill, the title of which has been stated
by the Chair, disposed of. I have no objection
to postponing it till to-morrow, at half past twelve
o'clock, if that be desired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
power of the Senator to call it up now.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I should
like to have it taken up now.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. -Will the next special
order be the joint resolution concerning Wolf
Island? That was first announced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill next
in order, the Chair is informed by the Secretary,
will be the hill (S. No. 14G) to compensate agents
for paying pensions.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Then I move to post-
pone all prior orders of business, and proceed to
the consideration of the joint resolution concern-
ing Wolf Island—a matter in respect to which the
State of Kentucky has by resolution made an
appeal to Congress.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I desire to
know whether, if the resolution in reference to j
Wolf Island, which appertains to the State of ;
Kentucky, be now passed, any other bill will take ,
j precedence of mine? 1 am foi the bill concerning
\ Wolf Island being taken up, for it concerns both j
j the State of Kentucky and Missouri, in preference
j to anything else. After tluit, I desire the other j
bill in reference to the asylum in Kentucky to be |
taken up. I desire to know this, simply because !
I I do not wish to stand here day in and day out, j
and, in reference to these measures, to be post- ;
polled from time to time. I want consideration
and decision either for or against them. If this
resolution in regard to Wolf Island can be taken j
up and disposed of, I want to know whether the |
bill in relation to the deaf and dumb asylum will j
come up and be considered. I am willing to let j
it stand for to-morrow, at one o'clock, and take i
^.p the resolution concerning Wolf Island. Aly
colleague wants that subject settled; and I prefer j
it on account of the interest of the State. But, i
sir, I am tired of being eternally postponed for I
the presentatio'n of petitions, and the considera-
tion of other measures out of their order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inform the Senator that the bill to extend
the time for sailing the lands granted to the, Ken-
tucky asylum is the first special order. It was
passed over informally, and it ia JiSWthe first
special order if called up. '■ .
Mr. THOMPSON^ of Kentucky. I defer to
this Wolf Island-controversy.' Where do Istahd
then on the docket? '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will go back
and take its place on the Calendar; and the special
order nextto the joint resolution concerning Wolf
Island will be the bill to compensate agents for
paying pensions.
Mr. THOMPSON,of Kentucky. Then I claim
that the bill in relation to the asylum be taken tip.
KENTUCKY DEAF AND DUMB ASYLUM.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
580) to extend the time for selling the lands
granted to the Kentucky asylum for teaching the
deaf and dumb for a further time of five years.
Mr. YULEE. 1 wish to move an amendment
to this bill. I supposed,no further extension of
time would have been asked by the trustees of
this institution; and as the Senate is probably not
familiar with the history of this matter, I have
caused to be prepared a memorandum giving the
date at which the grant was made,,and the re-
peated extensions which have been allowed. 'This
grant was made to the Kentucky deaf and dumb
asylum — a grant for eleemosynary purposes,
which very few gentlemen now admit to oe proper
—in I8dG. Thirty-one years ago this grant of
land in Florida was made to nn institution m
Kentucky for eleemosynary purposes. That grant
contained a limitation which made it conditional
that the land should be disposed of within five
years of its date. That time was about expiring
without a sale. It was then extended five years
longer by an act passed on May 5,1830. It was.
extended two years longer on April 11,1836; two
years longer on April 30, 1838; two years further
time was granted July 30,18-10; five years further
time was granted on April 14, 184:2; five years
further time was granted on February 18, J847;
and five years further on March 11, 1852.
This grant, then, was made thirty years ago,
conditional on a sale in five years; and by some
seven or eight acts of extension it has -been *
brought down to this period. A considerable
portion of the lands yet remain unsold bccauso
the holders are unwilling to take the prices which
the citizens of the country'and the State and
the United States arc willing to take for their
lands in the vicinity. These lands, in one of the
most populous and improving portions of the
country, are withheld from sale, much to the in-
convenience and against the progress of that sec-
tion of the Union. I desire that there shall be
an end of it. I do not wish to shut down the
door abruptly upon this institution, but I propose
to give them two years from the expiration of
the present term, which I believe is in April next,
within which to make puvatc sale; and if they
have not then sold the land, I propose that they
shall be required, by a proviso which I have pre-
pared, to sell it at public sale within six months
thereafter. That will give them two and a half
years further extension of their time, within two
years of which thev may sell at private sale, and
afterwards at public sale, if they cannot other-
wise dispose of the land. The object is to get
rid. of an incubus. I think that within the period
of two years they ought to be able to make sale.
I move, therefore, to amend the bill by striking
out the word " five" in the third line, and in-
serting "two."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from
Florida tell us how much land there is?
Mr. YULEE. I do not know. I think twenty
thousand acres was the original grant. I do not
know how much was selected in Florida, I pro-
pose further to amend the bill by addiflg at the
end of the section:
Proctlci, That if the said lands are not sold at the term-
ination of tile saui term, of two years, they shall then be
oli'ered at public sale by the trustees' of aakl asylum, ami
suld to the highest bidderoyithm six months thereafter.
Mr. THOMPSON, .of Kentucky. I am op-
posed to the amendment, and I hope it will not
be adopted, for I am desirous that the bill should
be passed at once. It is a email matter, and I
regret exceedingly that 1 have been delayed, I
wfll not say annoyed, as long a3 I have been in
