§84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
question between two sovereign States ? It may
be said that this resolution will not decide it.
Then if it effects nothing-but a disclaimer to title
to the land by the United States, why not do so
in so many words, and not affect to renounce a
jurisdiction which is to affect a judicial question
between these two States ?
Mr. President, I do not propose to elaborate
this subject now. I desire to bring the minds of
Senators to the point, to let them see what is pro-
posed in Congress, as between two of the States
of tjie Union, and I am sure, when their minds
are brought to bear 011 it, they will concur with
me in opinion that nothing more can be done, or
ought to be done, than to relinquish the title they
have in the lands there for the benefit of the claim-
ants in the State of Kentucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me, Mr.
President, that the resolution effects no more than
a declaration of truth—a declaration that Congress
has no claim. That is the truth. Before the
cession of Louisiana to the United States, Vir-
ginia then being the sovereign over all the terri-
tory, having dominion over all the territory that
now forms the State of Kentucky, had dominion
over this island, and exercised that dominion by
granting the land. As early as 1784, almost
twenty years before the cession of Louisiana to
the United States, the State of Virginia, in virtue
of land warrants, granted this island—every acre
of it. When the State of Kentucky came into
existence, it succeeded the State of Virginia, of
course, in all its rights over this island. Ken-
tucky granted land warrants, and they again were
located on the island, so as to produce conflicts
of title between the land warrants issued as early
as 1784, and grants made by the State of Ken-
tucky more than thirty years ago. When the
Indian title was extinguished to that part of the
State, which was m 1818, Kentucky disposed of
these lands, and as usual throughout our whole
country, there were conflicting claims created by
the previous entiles under the Virginia land war-
rants, and the grants made by the State of Iven-
" tucky to her citizens. Fiom that time the land
has been actually occupied. The right to appro-
priate it was granted in 17S2.
Now, suppose Ihe question had then arisen
whether this was a part of Louisiana. No such
question was made by Spain or by France. JNTo
claim to this island was set up by those from
whom the United States derived their title, if any
they have. There was nearly twenty years of
the possession of Louisiana according to its
proper bounds, after this land had been appro-
priated underthe laws of the State of Virginia as
part of her territory. From that time we have
had a continued possession. I do not know the
exact dimensions of the island. If .suppose it is
about two or three thousand acres. ]t lies twenty
miles below the mouth of the OI110 river, and be-
tween Kentucky and Missouri. The question is
upon which the right would strictly depend if it
were a question tie novo, and the question would
be 011 which aide of the island was the channel of
the river. That was the boundary between Louis-
iana and the United States—the channel of the
Mississippi river. If the channel was 011 the
Missouri side as it now is, 011 the Louisiana
side, as it then was. it belonged to the Govern-
ment^ If the channel was on the Kentucky side
then it belonged to Kentucky. This was the
original question of right, and under that question
of right, since 178hi, jurisdiction has been ex-
ercised l>y Vngima, and after her by Kentucky
consecutively, down to this time. It now forms
a part of one of the counties uf Kentucky, and
lias done so from the year leidO, when the land
ceased to belong to the Indians. The inhabitants
there have voted in our elections. They have
paid taxes to the State-of Kentucky. It has been
subject to the process of the Kentucky courts,
and it has never been claimed by any other State.
Never has the United States or the State of Mis-
souri set up any claim 011 it. There can never
be, I think, a conlioveisy between the State of
Missouri and the State ofKentuckyupon sucha
subject. 1 would not occupy five minutes of the
time of the Senate to determine to which it should
belong, if theie were none of these embarrass-
ments of the acquisition of title and settlement,
and all those affinities created by it with the State
of which they have always considered themselves
part. The island, a.j a mere question of jurisdic-
tion between States, is notamatter,I trust,about
which they will ever contend.
But the Senator from Missouri says the United
States have recognized this as part of their terri-
tory. How } The officers of the United States
appointed to survey the public lands have had
the presumption, I will call it, of their own au-
thority, to undertake to determine the boundary
between rival States, and to go into an actul set-
tlement of Kentucky, and claim by nice delinea-
tions and nice measurements of their own to
determine where the channel was; and proceed-
ing further, some speculator in the public lands
has gone there with some floating claim or other
—I do not know what—and has acquired a title
under the surveys to a portion of this land, to the
alarm and disturbance of the old inhabitants.
That is the whole case.
As for the general jurisdiction, it is of no con-
sequence to the States of Kentucky and Missouri
—none, I trust, about which an angry word will
be passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand the Senator
from Missouri to make no objection at all to a
cession of the rights of the General Government
over this property, but only to object to the reso-
lution being so drawn as to recognize the juris-
diction of Kentucky instead of Missouri. If that
amendment be accepted, why not pass a resolu-
tion at once; or does the Senator from Kentucky
think we can ourselves here determine that ques-
tion of jurisdiction ?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not ask you to
determine that, but simply to declare the fact
that you have no claim to it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Mis-
souri, I understand, makes no objection to that.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senate will per-
ceive the difficulty. I drew the resolution with
great caution in order to avoid all trouble. I
knew it was a small matter, but as it might give
rise to controversy between parties disposed to
strife, 1 drew the resolution with care. It simply
affirms that the United States never recognized
Wolf Island as a part of Louisiana. Is not that
so? The fact being so, the resolution therefore
declares that the United States on their part dis-
claim all title to it. But suppose the State of
Kentucky were to accept this as a cession from
this Government or from Missouri: would it not
be implied that but for this cession the jurisdic-
tion would have been elsewhere, and would it
not leave unaffected altogether tho claim now set
up to this island as part of the territory of Loui-
siana? I say it never was a part of Louisiana,
of which you were the former owners, and of
which you had jurisdiction. You never claimed
it. Spain never claimed it. France never claimed
it. If they had retained the territory of Loui-
siana, and the question now was, whether this
island was a part of that territory belonging to
the Emperor of France or the Glueen of Spam, I
presume there would not be a dissenting voice
with us as to how we should decide it. Now, as
to the fact whether it was or was not a part of
Louisiana, much proof has been taken on that
subject. The proof is as decisive as human tes-
timony can be. I am sure that the honorable
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Foot,] who has had
charge of this subject as a member of the Com-
mittee 011 Public Lands, to which it was referred,
will confirm me in the statement that the evidence j
is decisive beyond all question and all doubt, that
tho channel of the river is on the Missouri side
of the island, and, therefore, of course it belongs
rightfully to Kentucky, which Commonwealth,
in fact, actually exercised jurisdiction over it. I
have the testimony of captains of steamboats who
have navigated the river. The truth is, that that
part of the river which runs between the main
shore of Kentucky and the island is what is called
a cut-off. It is the nearest way through which
they can pass when the water is high. They
prefer passing there because it is the shortest; but
when the waters are low, and the channel can be
accurately ascertained, it is found that the deptk,
of water is on the Missouri side.
Mr. STUART. Allow me to call the attention '
of the Senator from Kentucky to a proposed sub-
stitute for the joint resolution that I have drawn
up, which the_ Senator from Missouri [Mr.
Green] says will suit him. It is in these words:
That the United States hereby disavows all claim of
title to any and alt land*. on Wolf Inland in the Mississippi
river: Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be
construed as in any manner affecting tile question of juris-
diction over said island as between the States of Kentucky
and Missouri.
Mr. GEYER. . I have no objection to that if
the word " disclaim" be inserted.
Mr. STUART. The language is " disavows,"
which amounts to the same thing.
Mr. GEYER. I "have no objection to that.
Mr. STUART. I wish to call the attention of
the Senator front Kentucky to it, to see whether
it will be satisfactory to him. /
Mr. EVANS. It will quiet the titles.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. So it will; but it pro-
ceeds on the supposition that there are existing
claims, which, as I conceive, were never author-
ized by the United States, and are altogether null
and void. A simple disavowal of title would
leave unaffected the sales made.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Sales made by whom?
Mr. CRITTENDEN.. By the officers of the
General Government.
Mr. FOOT. There was no evidence before the
Committee on Public Lands that there had ever
been any sales of any portion of the lands on this
island by the General Government. An attempt
was made about as early as 1837 or 1838, by offi-
cers of the Land Office, for a survey of the lands
on this island with a view to bring them into mar-
ket, which awakened the attention of the inhab-
itants of the island who had been occupants under
grants from the State of Kentucky for some
twenty years. They remonstrated against this
movement and claim on behalf of the General
Government, and now they come here with their
petition to be relieved from this movement on the
part of the Land Office; afld that the Government
should release all proprietary claim to this island;
that their titles, purchasedin good faith and under
grants from Kentucky, should be quieted and
their apprehensions removed. I think the Sen-
ator from Kentucky labors under a misapprehen-
sion if he supposes there has ever been any sale
under the authority of the General Government.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I believe there has not
been, from the honorable Senator's statement; but
I am satisfied that he is mistaken in supposing
there were no claims. There were some floating
earthquake claims and other claims which the
parties were privileged to locate on any surveyed
land. This has been surveyed; and I understand
some of those floating claims have been located,
but there has been no sale.
Mr. STUART. 1 do not wish to interfere with
the Senator's argument, or with this question,
further than by way of suggestion; but in respect
to claims of the character to which he now alludes,
I ask if anyof them have been spread there? Is it
not necessary to perfect them before a patent can
be obtained from the United States ? If so, adis-
claimer now would prevent the issuance of pat-
ents hereafter foiisuch claims. 1 think I am right
in the supposition that a floating claim, or any
claim of that chaiacter, like a preemption claim,
is not perfected until the United States give a
patent; and if we were now to disclaim all title, no
officer of the Government would give a patent.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, there are two
aspects in which this question may be considered
—one in reference to the claim of title preferred
by individuals. There is a controversy growing
out of conflicting claims. The amendment of the
Senator from Michigan does not satisfy me in
regard to that branch of the question. So far as
it applies to the question of jurisdiction between
the two States, it meets my approbation entirely.
I have never liked, nor do I now like, this method
of attempting to settle judicial questions before a
committee, or in Congress, with all its combined
wisdom. The Senator from Kentucky says there
is evidence here to show so and so, but that evi-
dence is all ex parte. There has been no rigid
cross-examination. There has been no oppor-
tunity afforded to hear the claimants having float-
ing claims, if you choose so to denominate them,
and hence they have not been heard before the
committee. The evidence which they could bring
might change the aspect of this question. Itmight
show that the main channel of the Mississippi
always, " from time whereof the memory of man
runneth not to the contrary," did run on the east
side of Wolf Island. This"may be shown. It
is possible, at least, in the nature of the case. It
is certain from the evidence already taken, even
