1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•585
ex parte, that two thirds of the volume of the Mis-
sissippi river flows upon the east side of the island;
and it is also equally certain that it is used more
frequently for navigation than the channel on the
west side of the island.
This, however, is not the place to go into that
subject. This is not the tribunal that has power
to pass 011 it, and hence for Missouri I want the
question of jurisdiction reserved. I know it may
be asked why I want that point reserved, since
this body lias no power to pass #n it ? I answer
that I have had some experience in questions of
boundary between sovereign States. I believe it
is nowconceded,at least bytlie current authority
of the Supreme Court of tlie United States, that
the question of jurisdiction is within the compe-
tency of that court. That point was once mooted
and denied, but is now conceded. Taking it then
as a conceded point, that court, I think improp-
erly—I say it with due respect—does look and
has looked to the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives as throwing light upon a disputed
matter of boundary. Then I ask you not to pre-
judice the question, but to leave it as it is fixed
according to the facts. If, when we acquired the
Territory of Louisiana, the boundary of Ken-
tucky was the main channel of the Mississippi
river, to that same boundary the territory of
Missouri and the jurisdiction of Missouri extend;
and the question now is, where is that main chan-
nel? Who is to pass upon it? Who is to decide
it? The question of title may involve other
questions. It may be that the claimants under
the Kcrftucky law would not be ousted of their
title even if the jurisdiction of Missouri be
maintained. 1 can foresee judicial points that
might be raised, which would confirm the titles
of the Kentucky claimants, even if the jurisdic-
tion of Missouri be maintained. I hope that no
resolution will be passed prejudicing either the
proprietors' claims or the question of jurisdiction
between Missouri and Kentucky.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire the Senate to
do what is right on the subject. I think the reso-
lution contains not a single word that the whole
Senate are not prepared to affirm, if true. This
little island of two thousand or three thousand
acres has been occupied and possessed, and do-
minion exercised over it, since the year 1782.
For a period of seventy-five years Virginia and
Kentucky have occupied it. Is not that title
enough? I say the United States never set up
title to it. If we can, as grantor of this whole
territory, having succeeded to Prance, declared
that we never claimed it, that wo disclaim over
having had any title to it—if these are the facts,
why not declare them ? If they should contribute
to settle the question, and quiet the pretensions
and this cause of quarrel between Kentucky and
Missouri, is that an eii'ect to bo deprecated? Not
so, Mr. President. It is nothing but the truth;
you make no decision upon it; you simply de-
clare the fact. If the fact be so, what objection
can there be to declaring it ? If it is of a noto-
rious and official chaiagter, what difficulty can
there be in our declaring it? We do not declare
on which side of the channel of the river this
island is. That, the gentleman says, is a disputed
question. Take it to be so: you have recognized
our possession. Antecedent to your grant, ante-
cedent to the treaty with France, by which you
succeeded to the territory, Virginia was in the
exercise of a practical dominion over it. Did you
buy Louisiana to raise pretension and contro-
versy about it ? I tlnnk not. We had possession
at the time of the purchase. Now, did you pur-
chase a claim ? All f ask you to say by this reso-
lution is, that the United States never claimed it,
and disclaim ever having had any title. I think
the phraseology is unobjectionable. If it pleases
the Senate to adopt tlie amendment, I shall be
satisfied. It may, or may not, accomplish the
object. I cannot accept the amendment of the
Senator from Michigan; I prefer the original res-
olution. That is all I have to say.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. STUART. I have a very strong indispo-
sition to interfere with anything between these
two States, but I have altered my amendment to
conform to the language of the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Geyer.] I call the attention of the
Senator from Kentucky to it. I think it will
affect all the floating claimants as I have altered
it:
That the United States hereby disclaims all title to any
and ail lands on Wolf Island, in the Mississippi river.
Then comes the proviso. This is a disclaimer
of all title now to operate prospectively and re-
trospectively, so far as any one could assert it.
I offer the amendment for the consideration of the
Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The amendment would
be more acceptable if it recognized the fact that
the United States never did claim any title, and
now disclaim it.
The PRESIDENTjiro tempore. There is a
pending amendment offered by the Senator from
Kentucky, on which the vote must first be taken.
It is in lino seven, to strike out the words " never
a part of Louisiana, or" and insert, " was never
recognized by the United States as part of Lou-
isiana, or recognized or claimcd by them as in-
cluded within the territory ceded by France."
Mr. BAYARD. If I understand the object of
the joint resolution, it arises out of some dispute
between the States of Kentucky and Missouri as
to the title to this island in which the right of the
United States is brought in question. It seems
to me that any declaration by Congress that the
United States did, or did not, recognize in past
time their right to this island, would be an attempt
to declare a fact, by way of testimony, which
would operate on the rights of the parties, which
we ought not to do. I can view it m no other light.
It is an attempt by congressional action to make
testimony as to past facts. I do not think we
can do that; wc can only disclaim title. If we
have no title, that is proper. That disclaimer
would bind the United States in any court of jus-
tice, and they could never set up any claim of
title, whether they had it or not, and that is all
cither State has a right to ask from us. Surely,
in a conflict between two sovereign States of the
Union, it would be improper for the Congress of
the United States, by the passage of a law, to make
testimony for one or the other; yet it does come
to that, as I understand the language of the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky, that the Uni-
ted States declare that they have never recognized
the title. Whether they have done that or not,
is a question of fact to"be proved, not by act of
Congress, but by history in part, or by whatever
evidence either State claiming jurisdiction may
present. We have no right to embark in the case,
m my judgment, by taking testimony on either
side; and I think in that shape the bill would be
objectionable.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The only conflict be-
tween Kentucky and Missouri about the. juris-
diction is made here. We never had any conflict.
There was never a woid of dispute, that I heard
of, between the two States in relation to the
jurisdiction—never at all; nor will theie be, as I
verily believe, any dispute or controversy.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to conecl the Senator.
There is at this time a memorial on its way here
from the Legislature of the State of Missouri,
particularly calling attention to this subject, and
claiming jurisdiction.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Can the Senator tell
me who are the parties to it, and what is the ob-
ject of it, and whether it is not to enforce claims
that are actually located?
Mr. GREEN. None whatever of a private
nature, that I am aware of.
Mr. 0RiTTKN DEN. According1 to what the
gentleman from Missouri has said, my statement
is true, that I no\er heard of a conflict, if there
is a conflict, it lias been got, up to subserve inter-
ested purposes of individuals. It is not possible
that two such fraternal States as Missouri and
Kentucky would ever contend for the jurisdiction I
of a such a hand's breadth of land, or that Mis- '
souri would be willing to take the reluctant cit-
izens of that little spot of territory within her
jurisdiction. I do not believe she will cvermajke
any such claim or assertion.
^ Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator did
Jpbt understand me as meaning to say that I know
■of no claim made by the United States; nor ought
we to assert the fact that we have no claim. In
my judgment we have no right to assert it. We
may disclaim the title, but the absence of claim
in past time is a question of fact to be proved in
a court of justice, in other modes than by an act
of Congress. The absence of claim is just as
much a fact as the existence of a claim, and may
operate on a court.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Suppose
the United States never did claim the land: why
not state the fact ?
Mr. BAYARD. Because it is making testi-
mony. It is a matter to bo proved otherwise than
by an act of Congress. If there is an existing-
dispute there as to individual rights, or State
rights, we ought not to make testimony now, by
act of Congress. If, in other words, the validity
of the title of either State, or of an individual,
depends on the fact that the United States never
have claimed title to this island, that can be
proved. Absence of claim, if no claim was
proved, could be presumed; buthave we the right
to make such declaration to be used as evidence
against parties ? Is not that making testimony ?
After we are informed that difficulties in regard
to titles arise, I confess I cannot see the propriety
of such action. _
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The subject perhE#is
not worth the discussion we have had about it;
but the gentleman says, by making this declara-
tion, we make testimony. Make testimony where ?
In a court of justice? It is testimony there; but
he seems to think it ought not to be and would
not be testimony there. If it would not be, we
are not making testimony, because, according to
his argument, it could not beadmitted. Butif his
argunientconcedes that, it would beadmitted, and
would be proper testimony; and we ask you only
to put the truth in the form of evidence. Is there
any reason why you should refuse it? Take a
common vendor of lands; he Ims sold his manor
of 13. It had been in his possession for fifty years,
and here is a dispute afterwards about the borders
or boundaries. lie says, 1 never claimed that
piece of land as part of this manor. Is there any
objection to his saying; so in a court of justice, or
out of a coart of justice ? If, by a parental sort
of interference on the part of this Government,
stating the facts to the States which have grown
up under it,that wenever claimcd it, never recog-
nized it as a part of Louisiana, and never claimed
it as part of the public land, knowing that the
State of Virginia, twenty years before we ob-
tained any title, actually exercised dominion over
it, and granted it, we can settle the question.
Docs the gentleman from Delaware see any great
harm that can be done by our admitting an ac-
knowledged fact, officially proved by the action
of the Government ?
Mr. GEYER. One word in reply to the hon?
orablo Senator from Kentucky. He says this
controversy originated here. I can assure the
honorable Senator that I felt very little disposed
to disturb this question myself, and would have
been very glad if he had so framed the resolution
as to avoid any interference in a disputed question
between the two States. I happened to know
that the Legislature of the State of Missouri have,
had the subject under consideration. Having
heard of this movement, they nie about to pre-
sent a memorial to Congress to abstain from any
interference. Cut, sir, beyond that, the officers
of the county of Mississippi, in the State of Mis-
souri, have been accustomed to serve process on
that island, and go there "to summon jurors and
witnesses.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If the gentleman knows
the fact of his own knowledge, of course it is so.
Mr. GEYEIl. I do not know it from personal
knowledge, but a Representative, one of my col-
leagues in the other House, who practices in the
courts there, informs me of that fact. That island
lies in a bend of the river. The main channel,
which is broad, passes by up on the eastern side of
it. The channel of the river there, as elsewhere,
changes very often. I know myself of places ill
the upper part of the river, above the mouth of the
Ohio, where I have paSsed through three chan-
nels opposite to each other, at different periods.
If a boat sinks, or there is an accumulation of
snags, it makes the channel narrower; so that,
whenever it is a question of time, it will depend
on the action of the river where the main channel
was—the subject of controversy—at the time
when the boundary was fixed. On that there is
no evidence before us here.
I have interposed, although the State of Mis-
souri may consider it as a very small matter; and
1 have no doubt, myself, if any question was to
be made, that the people of that State would be
