590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. - , , TT
The motion was agi#ed to; ana the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. H.
"Marshall in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being House bill
(No. 5G6) to reduce the duty on imports, and for
other purposes.
And then, on motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of
Ohio, the committee took a recess until seven
o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee reassembled at seven o'clock.
Mr. Stanton (in the absence of Mr. H. Mar-
shall) occupied the chair.
^fcr. MORRILL reviewed the tariff question.
liPmated that he was in favor of a protective
tariff, and preferred American manufactures to
those of foreign countries. He argued at con-
siderable length to show that, if this bill should
pass, wool would be imported duty free. He
■ stated that be should vote for certain amendments
to the bill; and if they were agreed to, he should
vote for the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR regretted that the House was
called upon to decide upon the dangerous ques-
tions involved in this bill in a manner far too
hasty for safety. He referred to the past legisla-
tion of Congress upon the subject of the tariff,
and showed that the greatest increase in the pro-
duction of sugar had taken place in Louisiana
and Cuba, and that its greatest increase of con-
sumption was in Great Britain and the United
States. Gentlemen had said that the production
of sugar in this country was not equal to its con-
sumption ; but it was his opinion that if they were
well acquainted with its cultivation they would
think that it was just as likeiy to meet the demand
as any branch or manufacture.
Mr. COLFAX spoke in favor of free sugar;
and, while thanking the majority of the Ways
and Means Committee for allowing him to argue
for the sugar consumers before them while pre-
• paring their tariff, and for the reduction they pro-
pose to ten per cent., urged that the change should
be not a partial, but an entire one, by making it
free, as tea and coffee already are. He contended
that the sugar duty was not needed for revenue
purposes, the Treasury being already overflow-
ing; and that, as a practical experiment, having
been tried for sixtyyears.it had utterly failed;
the crop having virtually run out. He argued
that one eighth of the whole tariff receipts last
year were collected from sugar and molasses,
making twenty-five millions of consumers pay a
tax as needless as oppressive; that the total home
product was not one sixth of the consumption;
that New Orleans itself imported twenty-five mil-
lion pounds of foreign sugar last-year, and Bal-
timore forty-three millions; that the whole crop
of the country was insufficient to supply the
farmers of the Mississippi valley alone, leaving
the remainder of the whole country to draw their
supply from abroad; that more duty had been
paid on imported sugar last year than the whole
amountraised in this country would have cost at
Havana, and that it would therefore have been a
saving to have repealed the tax and given the
■tvholu amount as a bounty to the sugar planters
to consent to the repeal; that if the Chinese sugar
cane, recently introduced, proved half as valuable
as is claimed for it, sugar would not need protec-
tion any more than corn or cord-wood. He ex-
pressed the opinion that if the question of free
sugar was submitted to the voters of every con-
gressional district m the Union, not twenty out
of the two hundred and ffirty-four would vote no.
[See the Appendix for the speeches,]
Mr. BOYCE then obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. GALLOWAY, who moved that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the Chair, Mr. Stanton reported prog-
ress.
And then, on motion of Mr. HOWARD, (at
fifteen minutes after nine o'clock, p. m,,) the
House adjourned till to-morrow.
IN senate:
Friday, February 6, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented a petition of citizens
of Washington, praying for an appropriation for
repairing Pennsylvania avenue, m that city, be-
tween the Capitol and the Treasury Building,
with the Belgian block; which was referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
• He also presented the petition of J. Delong and
E. Cumberland, keepers of the draw at the south-
ern side of the Long Bridge, praying for an in-
crease of compensation; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. PRATT presented a resolution of the
Board of Trade of Baltimore, in relation to the
establishment of a steamship mail line between
the United States and South America; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
He also presented a petition of the corporate
authorities of the city of Annapolis, Maryland,
praying for an appropriation for the erection of a
new post office building in that city; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of merchants
and others residing in Pittsburg and its vicinity,
for the adoption of measures for increasing the
commerce Between the United States and Africa;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. PEARCE presented a petition of residents
of Montgomery county, Marylantj^praying that
the Washington plank road between the city of
Washington and that county may be made free
of tolls; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented the memorial of
William C. Barney and his associates, praying
that a contract may be entered into with them for
the transportation of the mail, in steamships,
between New Orleans and Bordeaux; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. PUGH presented the petition of citizens
of Ohio, praying for an appropriation for the
improvement of the entrance of the harbor at
Toledo, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented the petition
of citizens of Toledo, Iowa, praying for the pas-
sage of an act to enable them to have additional
mail facilities between that place and Marengo,
in the same State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of a committee of the Cor-
poration of Georgetown, on the tiles of the Senate, piaymg
an appropriation for lighting certain streets with gas, be
referred to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, it was
Ordered, That John Richardson have leave to withdraw
his petition and papers.
EXPLORATION OF THE LA PLATA.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-,
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be directed
to consider the expediency of authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to expend such f-uuis as he may deem necessary,
not exceeding .$50,000, for the further explorations of the
La Plata and its tributaries.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Aza Arnold, praying for an extension
of his patent, submitted an adverse report.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the petition of the
Alexandria, Loudon and Hampshire Railroad
Company, praying for a grant of land, reported
that the prayer of the petition ought not to be
granted.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 492) to ascertain
and settle the private land claims in the Territory
of New Mexico, reported it with amendments,
i He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 544) to authorize
certain lands in the State of Wisconsin to be
overflowed, reported it without amendment, with
a recommendation that it ought not to pass.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was recommitted the bill
(S. No. 537) for the relief of Captain Alexander
Montgomery, an assistant quartermaster in the
United States Army, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom were referred the following bills, re-
ported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Collins
Boomer;
A bill (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of Samuel
S. Haight; and
A bill (H. R. No. 751) for the relief of Robert
Davis.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of J. T. Wright, submitted a report, accompa-
nied by a bill (S. No. 664) for the relief of John
T. Wright.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print addi-
tional copies of the report of the superintendent
of weights and measures, reported favorably
thereon; and it was accordingly
Ordered, That two thousand additional copies of the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury, communicating
the report of the superintendent of weights and measures,
be printed; seven hundred and fifty of which shall be for
the use of the said superintendent.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred amotion to print two thousand addi-
tional copies of the message of the President of
the United States, with the correspondence rela-
tive to restoration to the British Government of
the ship Resolute, reported favorably, and the
motion was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 473) to provide for the location of certain
confirmed private land claims in the State of Mis-
souri, and for other purposes, reported it with
amendments, and submitted a report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. JAMES, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
petition of Adolphus Allen, submitted an adverse
report.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George G. Henry,
submitted an adverse report.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was recommitted the joint resolu-
tion (S. No. 32) authorizing the Secretary of
the Navy to pay to the officers and seamen of the
expedition in search of Dr. Kane, the same rate
of pay that was allowed the officers and seamen
of the expedition under Lieutenant De Haven,
reported it with an amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FISH. I give notice that I shall ask the
Senate to consider this resolution when the Pri-
vate Calendar is taken up, in the position which
it occupied before it was recommitted. It was
recommitted in order to correct an omission.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pub]ic,Lands,to whom
were referred three petitions of citizens of Michigan, re-
specting a grant of land for a railroad from White Pigeon
to Traverse Bay, be discharged from the further consider-
ation thereof.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the Resolutions
of the Legislature of California, in favor of the immediate
extinguishment of Indian titles to land in that State.
ENTRIES UNDER THE GRADUATION ACT.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
469) supplementary to the act entitled "An act to
graduate and reduce the price of the public lands
to actual settlers and cultivators," approved Au-
gust 4, 1854, have directed me to report it back.
This question was acted upon by the Senate yes-
terday. It will be proper, therefore, to take up
this bill at once, and postpone it indefinitely, so
that it may not appear on the Calendar. I make
that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
