1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GEYER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 566)
to provide for the location of certain confirmed
private land claims tt> lands in the State of Mis-
souri, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to bring in a
bill (S. No. 569) authorizing the Delaware and
Pottawatomie Indians to sell the right of way to
any company, for the construction of a railroad
from Fort Leavenworth City to Fort Rilay or
Pawnee, in Kansas, and for other purposes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
567) for the relief of William James; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill of
the Senate (No. 486) for the relief of John Mitch-
ell, of the District of Columbia.
P JOHN W. CHEVIS.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of John H. Chevis and others, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 565) for
the relief of John W. Clievis, of Louisiana. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to proceed to the immediate consideration
of that bill. It is of some consequence to the in-
dividual. He merely wishes a patent issued to
him for some lands for which he has paid. There
can be no objection to it.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
fts in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am asked by Senators
around me what the bill is. I will state, in a
■word, what the merits of the case are. The per-
son of whom the petitioner is the legal represent-
ative entered the southwest quarter of a section
numbered nine, in a certain township in Louis-
iana, and, by the permission of the General Land
Office, his location was transferred to the adjoin-
ing section, numbered eight; but the land officers
in Louisiana neglected to make the transfer, and
the southwest quarter of section eight was sold.
Then, when he applied for a patent for number
nine, they told him they had authorized him to
take number eight, and could not give him num-
ber nine, unless Congress should pass a bill for
his relief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MOSES OLMSTEAD.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Pensions, to
■whom was referred the petition of Moses Olm-
Etead, of Ohio, have instructed me to report a bill
(S. No. 568) for his relief, and to recommend its
passage. I will state to the Senate that, as the
petitioner appears to be in very needy circum-
stances—he has been before the committee—I
think it would be better to pass the bill at once.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] knows the
condition of this man better than I do.
The bill was read the first time, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will be considered
now.
There being no objection, the bill was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Moses Olmstead on
the pension list, at the rate of twelve dollars a
month, from the 9th of September, 1856, to con-
tinue during his life, in lieu of the pension to
which he is now entitled by law.
Mr. WELLER. I ask the Senator from Ohio
how much does the law give him now ?
_ Mr. WADE. Eight dollars a month; and it
19 proposed by this bill to make it twelve.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MART REESIDE.
Mr. STUART. If there be no further morn-
ing business, I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of the Private Calendar.
Mr. BIGLER. I ask the indulgence of the
Senator from Michigan to make a motion to pro-
ceed to the consideration of what is properly a
private bill, which I think is not on the Calendar,
a case which ought to be disposed of. It has
been before us, and been thoroughly considered,
and is a matter of great interest to the parties
concerned. I have reference to the motion made
by the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,]
to reconsider the vote passing the bill for the
relief of Mrs. Mary Reeside, for the purpose of
bringing it before the Senate in order to dispose
of it.
Mr. CLAY. That will necessarily cause some
debate, I presume, and probably consume the
whole day.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania whether it would be fair to-
wards the other private claimants that this priv-
ileged question should be called up to-day ? I
understand that it is a privileged question, which
the Senator has a right to call up at any time on
any day, and therefore to-morrow, or any day
which may suit his pleasure, he can call up this
motion a_nd have the vote takeil on it. If it is taken
up now it will exhaust the day in discussion, and
the result will be that none of the private claim-
ants will have their bills passed upon.
Mr. BIGLER. Although I am of opinion that
this bill ought not to be interrupted by any other
private bill Oj^ the Calendar—although I think,
viewed in alj, its .aspects, it is of that character
which ought to be disposed of at once, and I think
favorably disposed of, I should be very sorry to
consume the day with it. I know how anxious
Senators are to dispose of private bills to which
their attention is constantly called, and I beg to
suggest that, whilst a proposition to reconsider
properly presents the entire merits of the question,
the case be not discussed unon the motion for re-
consideration; but let the bill be taken up and put
in the aspect before the Senate which its friends
design, and then, if it leads to the kind of debate
apprehended by the Senator from Maryland and
others, I shall agree to fix a day for its consider-
ation. I insist on my motion to take up the ques-
tion. ^
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the Senate passed the bill (C. C. No. 13) for the
relief of Mary Reeside.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is the object of that motion
in order to move a reconsideration of the vote on
the amendment regarding interest?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The present
motion islfe reconsider the vote by which the bill
was passed.
Mr. TOOMBS. Then will the whole bill be
open, or will another motion to reconsider be
necessary on the particular amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will consider that if the Senate reconsiders the
vote by which the bill was passed, the bill will
Se before the Senate on us third reading.
The motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was passed was agreed to; and the vote oider-
ing the bill to be read a third time was also re-
considered.
Mr. ADAMS. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was adopted, ex-
cluding interest.
Mr. WELLER. Did the Senator vote with
the majority ?
Mr. ADAMS. No; I voted on the other side.
I cannot make the motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will make the motion to re-
consider the vote on the amendment in regard to
interest.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate,
adopted an amendment striking out of the bill
the words, " with interest thereon from the 6th
day of December, A. D. 1841;" and it is moved
to reconsider the vote by which that amendment
was adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. We ought to have the yeas
and nays ou this question, and I ask for them.
I withdraw the call, however, and shall ask for
the yeas and nays on the question of interest
itself.
The motion to reconsider the vote adopting the
amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo* e. .The question
now is on the adoption of the amendment to strike
out the words " with interest thereon from the
6th day of December, anno Domini 1841."
Mr. PUGH. I voted against that amendment
striking out the interest before, but my vote upon
this question will depend upon the disposition
that is made of the previous amendment offered
by the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward.]
We have, according to the amendment adopted
on his motion, denied the validity of the verdict
on which the bill is founded as of any consequence
at all. Now, 1 agree if it is a verdict, it is entitled
to interest, and I will vote to pay the interest on
it; but if the Senate insist on retaining that amend-
ment which (leclares the verdict to be a nullity,
then it is an ordinary private claim, and I cannot
vote to pay interest.
Mr. BIGLER. I had intended to move a re-
consideration of the vote on the amendment of
the Senator from New York, for the purpose of
arriving at the object of the Senator from Ohio,
regarding this bill, as I think it ought to be re-
garded as making provision for the payment of
a debt ascertained by a judgment against tha
United States Government. It is evident, Mr.
President, that when the bill was before under
consideration, at least two or three Senators mis-
undeffitood the character of this case; they were
mistaken as to the original trial. Having ascer-
tained that it was a trial under the law of 1836,
providing for such cases, and that all the issues
were fairly made up, and the judgment properly
ascertained, they feel required to legard it as an
obligation upon the United States Government.
The object of the friends of the bill is to get it
before the Senate untrammcled, on its fair merits,
in order that it may be disposed of.
The PRESIDE IN T pro tempore. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Virginia to ask for
the yeas and nays on this amendment?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1'OOMBS. On the vote which was taken
before, I voted for striking out the interest inad-
vertently, but I shall now vote in favor of retain-
ing it. Having had occasion fully to look into
this doctrine, 1 am clearly of opinion that the in-
terest is due in this case if the principal igjdue.
Of that 1 have no doubt. It is a clear proposition.
This right has been asserted from 1841 until now;
asserted in the courts under a special act of Con-
gress in the first place, and then asserted in Con-
gress; and the parlies actually attempted to coerce
payment even by the extraordinary legal remedy
of a mandamus on the Treasury. 'Then it seems
to me, that if this money was due at the time
named, the interest follows as a necessary legal
consequence, as an equitable consequence, as a
just consequence. My own vote in opposition to
the bill before was on the ground that I denied
the principle laid down by the Court of Claims.
As 1 read their decision, it went to this extent:
That a verdict obtained against the United States
on a plea of U set-off or defalcation—which 1 be-
lieve is the term of the law in Pennsylvania—was
a record debt against the United States. That, I
say, is not the law. [ did not know how the par-
ties might lose or gain ou the merits of the case,
upon which I expressed no opinion before; but
now I am strongly of opinion that it has real and
substantial merits. Yet, if my vote is to involve
this great principle, which the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Pugh] seems desirous of attaining by strik-
mg-outthe amendment of the Senator from New
York, as I stated on a former occasion, I certainly
cannot vote for the bill, because that principle is
not law.
We argued that point before; and of my posi-
tion on it I am more and more satisfied; but 1 am
not satisfied that this case might not have been
fairly excepted from that principle under the act
of 1836, giving special jurisdiction in such cases,
and if the Court of Claims had placed their
decision on that act, I should not be inclined to
quarrel with it,because I think, in the first place,
it might fairly bear that interpretation, and in
the second place, the case would then have stood
sui generis, and would have involved no principle
