THE. com?
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED
Thirtt-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1857.
New Series,..,No.!
The PRESIDENT,pro tempore. The resolu-
vtk>ti adopted on the lGih of January is in these
fiords:
''That for the residue of the present sexton the pnvate
bills on the Calendar shall be special orders of the clay on
Friday of cach week, at twelve o'clock, m the-order on
which they stand on the Calendar,"'
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is a private bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands it to be his duty to call for the special
order, unless it is dispensed with by a vote of the
Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is a special order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill is
not on the Calendar.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It ought to be on the Cal-
endar on the motion for reconsideration. I move
to postpone ai! prior orders, for the purpose of
proceeding: with this bill.
Mr. STCJART. I think we ought to have an
understanding of this point. I suggest to the
Chair that a motion for reconsideration, being a
privileged question under the rules, when it is
taken up is privileged over every other question
except one which affects the right of a member
to a seat here, and overrides every special order,
unless the Senate lay it aside. This point is not
so important in this case, because the Senate may,
by a vote, dispose of the bill, if they choose. I
submit to the Chair that this is the parliamentary
rule which governs all our proceedings here.
This is a privileged question; and when taken
up, it overrides every speeinl order until it is laid
aside.
?!-h\ COLLAMER. The motion for reconsid-
eration is privileged; but that has been passed,
and now the question is on the bill.
Mr. STCJART. 1 grant that if the vote had
been taken on the motion to reconsider, and the
Senate had stopped the consideration of theques-'
tion there, it would have lost its character; but as
long as you continue before the Senate the busi-
ness which was the subject-matter of reconsider-
ation, it retains its character of privilege.
Mr. BIGLER. That is the rule undoubtedly.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 cannot think so. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
•will put the question in whatever form may be
preferred by the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. I am not very familiar with
>vhat may be called parliamentary questions, and
lean but look at this matter in one point of view,
and that is so far as common sense throws its
light on it. A privileged question to reconsider
I can understand, hut after it is reconsidered, to
five this large claim a preference over .ill others, !|
do not understand. The parties have had their j
opportunity already, and 1 think they ought toil
be very well satisfied when you open the dooi a>!!
let them m to have their case considered again; ij
but I think the Chair is perfectly right m saying I1
that, if the reconsideration he a privileged ques- !!
tion, this bill is far from being privileged now to i
take precedence over the whole Calendar.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I suggest to the Senator '■
from Louisiana that we take the vote now. We !
are prepared for it. i!
Mr. BIGLER. Although J agree with the ' j
Senator from Michigan in the view he su^ests ,!
although 1 think this was a privileged oucstion
when taken up, and remains privileged until dis-
posed of—though that is a fair interrelation of
the rule, vet, if we are not to come to a vote, I*
fch&ll make a motion to postpone all prior orders
for the purpose of proceeding with the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
"will decide that a motion to reconsider is the only
question in this instance that'sprivileged. When ;
tne reconsideration is made, the subject recon-
sidered takes its place with the ordinary business
of theSenate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then 1 renew my motion
to postpone all prior orders, so as to close the
consideration of the bili (H. R. G. C. No. 13) for
the relief of-Mary Reeside.
The motion was agreed to. -
Mr. BENJAMIN'. T Was g^ing-on, Mr. Pres-
ident, to call the attention of the Senate to several
passages in the opinion of the judges before whom
this case was- tried—judges of the courts of the
United States. Judge Baldwin says: ^
u h  this ease, F have come to the conclusion that the
verdict rendered is one which, under all the circumstances
of the case, ought not to be disturbed. Without being sat-
isfied affirmatively that full justice has been done between
the parlies, ornegativcly that injustice ha« been done, I am
neveitheless satisfied that "the result approximates a:; near
to a eoneet balanco of accounts as could reasonably be
expected on another tiuil, JJoih parties appeared to have
produced all the testimony which was accessible to them.
Theie is no assurance that any new light can be tluovvn on
the transactions in which the controversy began. It has
been long, expensive, and harassing. There i* no icaxoi -
able ground tor believing that it* continuance hoie would
lead to a result NUn>factoiy to eithei party, or tenninate in
a manner nioie conducive to the ends of .iiifiiee than the
present has done. It cannot be expected that a better or
more impamal jury could be selected—theie ccrtamlv can-
not be one more patient or attentive than thev wofe. A
case of great difficulty and complexity was before ihem,
they examined it deliberately, and agieed on aicsult which
cannot be attubuted to passion, prejudice, or any impioper
bias. Before setnng it a^ide there should 1>e a clearnndftili
conviction that some substantial reason for a new trial has
been made appaient, the burden ot which won tlie pany
objecting to it. and in my opinion has not been made out.
Every presumption should be m favor of u venhct in a
doubtful ease, moie particularly when the subject of con-
troversy is. of Mich a n.uure as tin-., and to entangled by
unusual circumstances of emhana^nient, m adju^um:
accounts of long standing, complicated tiun-aeiiony of
winch one pari) kept no eoneet booU^ of entiyaml the
other Iccpt none. A^uming that the estimate icYemd to,
ot the re.Milt of the vcuhet accenting to the opinion ex
pieced by the judges to the jiuy, to he util\ made, there
were oih< i item > which weic left to ihoin, eiih'-i ^teeilk ally
or irenoraUj. winch thev nuaht allow to the deiemlnnt. to
amount sutiicient wuh the addition of interest to make' up
the balance found, and have found a huger sum without
transcending the limits presenbed by our chaige, the rulcy
of law, ot decidma on any item without sueh evidence as
would have supported it on a demuncr. These views of
the case would alone quince to liiducc me not to giant, a new
trial, yet there are others which have not been overlooked.
All transactions between the parties have ceased for myie
than m.\ ycais. I am fully «atis(ied that a large balance is
jiisrlv due to the defendant. Anv judgment 011 the vcuhet
is subject to a writ of error on Die exception** taken at the
trial, which will cause i-ome, perhaps much, delay."
We know that that writ of error was taken, and
that it was not prosecuted by the United States
to a successful result. The judge then says,
finally:
" The defendant inu^t appeal to anothertribunal for ulti-
mate lediess. whcie the whole merits of Jus rlaitn may be
reexamined ; whether it will or oughi to he done does noL
comport with my dutv to sn\; but inasmuch ns tJongievs
mnyaef on this ••ubreet aeco,di c to their own di^eieuon,
it is evident that the tunc maybe veij distant when the
conttover.sy may be terminated, whatever maybe the ulti-
mate decision of futuie juric-f "f thn> 01 the Supreme (Ami t.
On tne whole, mv opinion is,that the motion fos a new trial
be overruled and judgment rendeied in the venliet.''
Now,gjr, after such a trial ns this, befoiesuch
a j 11 fly, before a tribunal composed of judges ap-
pointed by the Government, the place of trial
.selected by the Government, a Special statute
passed directing the investigation of the^e t laim^,
after the Government h.u; been d' f nd<-d bv su« h
counsel nn we sec on the roeord to have been
there; after we know tlu- extent of time which
was occupied during the trial, and the care and
labor bestowed on it by every officer of th* Gov-
ernment who was interested m defeating this
claim, it would be, in my opimort, the height of
injustice for us now to question the correctness
of the veidict. Re it binding on us or not m law,
it is, in my judgment, perfectly binding on us in
justice and equity, and it establishes, with ell
reasonable certainty, that at the date .this jndg
ment was rendered, that sum of money v.vs due
to the claimant by the Government.
Now, is there any likelihood that we shall ever
get nearer the truth? The man is dead—a man
whose business perhaps extended over a larger
extent of territory, and embraced more compli-
cated transaction's than any other man in the
United States at the time. He hosleft a widow.
If you leave her to prosecute the claim afresh, to
make fresh proof—-if you open the whole case,
you might as well say at once that you will pay
nothing. I believe nobody is in favor of opening
the case. You have voted her the capital sunf,
the principal of the money, on the ground that
justice-was done as nearly as by human means
justice can ever'be done. Well,'
the case, by this verdict thfesum, of money-was
due by the Government at the date of the veriiidU
I hat verdict never has been shaken; it is not
shaken now; no one proposes to disturb it. The,
judge rendered no judgment upon it, because he
tt • nf t0 *'om*cr judgment against the
United States. The verdict closed the contro-
vers j', so far as the claims of the Government
were concerned; but (lie claimant was compelled,
to apply to HS for the payment of the balance in
his favor. He did so at the time. lie has been
urging this claimon Congress for a series of years,
and his widow is now Justin the position he was
011 the day on which this verdict was rendered.
There is 110 justice in refusing the interest, in my
opinion. No private individual would do it. No
private individual could do it, even if allowed to
do so by law, with any regard to his own char-
acter or reputation as an honest man. I think
the Government ought to nay in ail cases' where •
we feel, as private individuals, that the obl&i-
tions of honor, if not of justice, would redder it
imperative on our own consciences to pay if we
were the debtors. 1 vote 011 that principle in this
case, and 1 hope the interest will lie allowed.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President,I should have
acquiesced in the decision of the Senate so far as
regards the amount whioh was allowed in the bill
as we passed it before; but this subject, came up
under circumstances that required ine to give a
little attention to it, and I am entirely satisfied
that if we pas*\ this bill with interest, we violate,
not only a cardinal principle that has heretofore
governed us, but we shall do worse—we shall
give a party who goes through the process of
court, and obtains what is called a verdict, an
advantage over a party presenting a claim'before
this body, f am not one of those who are will-
ing to trust the disbursement of the money of this
Government to the decision of a jury or any un-
ofiicial auditor. We ought to be very guarded as
to the process which we puisue in the appropri-
ation of public money.
1 have been here for a number of years, and I
have seen claims come up of revolutionary sol-
diers, widows, and persons who had money due
them for advances made in the revolutionary war,
and 1 have seen interest refused on them. Yes,
sir, in cases where money was advanced during
the revolutionary war for the Government, and
it was supposed that the parties ought to receive
interest on it, you almost invariably refused to
allow inteiest. On what ground? That if the
Government was to be regarded as an insurance
office, it was a very good investment for the par-
ties to let the money lie, and have interest accu-
inuliinn; on it. It is a gnod mode of investment,
for the United States is" the best paymaster they
r,i!) 'nave.
Now, sir, what attribute of this verdict, as it
is called, can give us the right to depart from the
rub- which we have heretofore laid down ? It is
said, the jury found so and so. The jury had
no light to find it, and therefore it is a finding
without authority. It cannot be said that we
conferred the auihoiity an. them to audit thesft
accounts. We he ve conferred 110 such authority,
and I would not trust them. I have been 011 a
committee before whom questions of this kind
have repeatedly come, and it has been invariably,
by that committee, considered that any verdict
recognizing a set-off in favor of individuals was
coram nan judice, and ou^ht to have no.authority
over the decision of the "Senate. It may be that
this money was due to this gentleman. I dare'
say, in the progress of hi#transaetions with the
Government, he made, incidentally, a good deal
of money out of bis agency; and if he accepted
this aginicy, he ran the risk of abiding by the de- ,
ci&ious which prevail in,ail our proceedings here.
I am afraid that this is not only a privileged
question, but it is a foregone conclusion that we
shall give interest, I shall vote against it.
Mr. H&LJ2. I desire to ask the .honorable
Senator from. South Carolina a single"question,
for my 'recollection is not exactly like hur. My
