m ♦
1857.
tm CONGRE^IONAL aWBir
was due—from 1780, when his grandfather was
put on board a prison-ship; but Congress only
allowed him interest from the time the demand
was made—not from its date. *
Mr. HALE. That is ail there is here.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, I think it
probable, as stated by the honorable Senator
from South Carolina, [Mr. Butler,] that the
decision of the Senate is a foregone conclusion,
and therefore f shall not trespass on their atten-
tion for a great length of time to express my
views. The case has come up this morning
unexpectedly to me. I think there is danger in
the precedent we are about to establish, and espe-
cially great danger, if I understood correctly the
argument of the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Benjamin.] Before noticing that, how-
ever, I must beg leave to express my dissent
from the views of the honorable Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Pugii.] i appreciate the (rial by jury
to its .proper extent, as much as any man. f
believe that in criminal cases it is the great guar-
dian of the liberties of the citizen in this country,
and of the subject in England against the oppres-
sions of power. I believe that in civil cases, m
the general, the verdicts of juries are mainly right.
But this is the first time I have ever heart! that a
jury was a proper tribunal to settle questions of
account. The honorable Senator from Ohio may
suppose that men in a jury-box, taken miscella-
neously from the community, may be able to
settle items of account without calculation, and
by conjecture arrive at the same result as would
be arrived-at by calculation. That may be one
mode of justice, but it is not a mode of justice
which commends itself to my judgment.
Again, sir, I think Congu-ss have frequent!}'
determined—I take the general course of their
action—that they are not willing to yield the gen-
eral rule which applies not to this Government
alone, but to all Governments, that the sovereign
cannot be sued. It is a rule founded on wise
principles—one that has obtained in all nations,
in some cases I know it has been abandoned in
the local legislation of our States, and the right
of suing the State has been given indiscriminately;
but I know certainly of one State, at least, which,
after trying the experiment, very speedily aban-
doned it. Few States of the Union, I believe,
now allow themselves to be sued. A rule so
universal could not be established in all nations,
and in most of the States of this Confederacy, if
there were not sound reasons for its existence..
If the sovereign cannot be sued—which ts a rule
founded on general principles that I need not com-
ment on, although i might do so if it were neces-
sary—I can see no reason why, where the sover-
eign himself sues, you are to reverse the order
of things, and say that a judgment may be ren-
dered against him to any extent to which the
defendant may choose to go into the investigation.
Such is not the rule of the common law, even
as between individual plaintiffs and defendants, i
without reference to sovereignty. In England, in j
ordinary cases, andin our States, where the plain- j
tiff sues, the defendant can set off a claim on his
part, but he can setoff only to an extent sufficient
to defeat the plaintiff's claim, unless a special
statute gives him authority to go further. The
right of going further does not exist in many of
the States—I am sure it does not in a majority.
I doubt whether, in any number of our States, the
law allows the defendant to obtain a judgment!
against the plaintiff. Each party is left to his
own right of action on his substantive claim; but
to avoid injustice, the defendant is alio wed, in the
country from which we draw our institutions in
this respect, as well as in most of the States, to set'
off a counter claim to an extent sufficient to defeat;
the plaintiff's demand, if the defendant has no other j
ground of defense; but he is not allowed to become 1
the plaintiff m the action and recover a judgment, j
Whether the change of the rule of iaw by the !
State of Pennsylvania be a wise change or not, is j
not the question here; but the question is whether I
State legislation, altering the system of the com- '
mon law, can bind the United States without some \
statute of the United States authorizing it. if I ;
heard rightly, the decision of the Supreme Court i
of the United in the case cited the other day by ;
the honorable Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Hu.v- j
ter>] their opinion is directly the contrary. They :
say that such a certificate of a jury as was given j
in this ease, in addition to their verdict for the «
defendant, is a mefe nullity against the United
States. That is the way I read the opinion oKhe
court. It is not a decision on this point, I grant.
It is only a dictum; but it is a dictum of the court
of last resort in this country. It is a dictum laying
down a safe and wise rule, which I hope will be
adhered to.
What is the result of a contrary doctrine ? If
the United States sue a man in one State which
has not pleased to alter the common law so as to
give the defendant the right to turn plaintiff,and
recover whatever he can prove in the action to be
due to him, the verdict will simply be for the de-
fendant; and in another State the verdict will be
against the United States for a certain sum. Thus
it will depend on State legislation in the different
States where the United States sue individuals,
whether there can be a verdict against them or
not. I think that would produce a want of uni-
formity which would be exceedingly injurious in
reference to the transactions of the Government.
1 am not willing to encourage a principle of that
kind by admitting the right, under State legisla-
tion, of a jury to certify against the United States.
For the purposes of this case, therefore, I con-
sider that certificate as legally a nullity. The only
judgment which could be rendered was on the
veidict for the defendant, discharging him; but
the certificate of the jury that the United States
were indebted in so much, I hold to be a nullity.
1 will look at it, however, as we always look to
the evidence in claims presented to Congress,
where, without requiring legal proof, if the^mind
becomes satisfied of the justice of the claim, and
that it is wiser and better to pay it, we do so.
But, sir, every one who knows anything of the
leports of committees in this body and (he other
House—every one who knows anything of the
allowance of claims here, knows that our modes
of examination are exceedingly defective; that
what is called legal evidence has hardly ever been
produced here In support of a single claim for
which a bill has been passed by Congress. The
whole testimony is ex parte, and of the loosest
character. Even the ordinary rules, which are
adopted in judicial tribunals for the purpose of
weighing the authenticity of an affidavit—such
as requiring a distinctive Statement, and forbid-
ding generality of statement—are entirely aban-
doned in our modes of investigation here.
This being so, I feel myself at liberty, when
the facts before me satisfy my own judgment that
there is a claim due, to vote for its allowance
without requiring what a court of justice would
call legal evidence to sustain it; hence I can vote
for the principal of this claim, because I know the
facts to be, as stated by the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Bell,] that the Postmas-
ter General of the United States who succeeded
Mr. B.irry did, as appears on the record of this
proceeding, undertake to revise allowances which
had been made by him to the testator of the
present claimant. 1 think that was a usurpation
of power on the part of the Postmaster General.
I think that revision was illegal, and those items,
as far as 1 can judge from the proceedings in this
case, formed the bulk of the counterclaim on the
part of the defendant, and were the great ground
of difference between the United States and the
defendants at the trial. Those allowances ought
to be restored. I am perfectly willing, if the
claimants are satisfied with it, to adopt the verdict
of the jury to that extent, based on that general
ground, and pay the money so allowed. I should
be better satisfied, however, to refer this case to
the accounting officers of the Treasury, with
directions to take the account and make the allow-
ance of any sum which was disallowed by one
Postmaster General after having been allowed by I
a former one. That is the course which I should
prefer; and if the pending amendment be rejected
i shall probably make a motion to that effect.
With these views, on the evidence before me,
I can vote for the principal of this claim as it
stands; but not for the interest. On the question
of interest, there has been, as every one must
concede, no rule established by the action of Con-
gress. In the general, it 1ms been the practice to
refuse interest. It has been allowed, I grant, in
special cases; but where one case can be cited to
me of the allowance of interest, I think I can find
on the records twenty or more where interest has
been refused by Congress.
Mr. DURKEE. If the honorable Senator will
allow'me to interrupt- him, :I sho«ld lik-e to caHf „
his attention to an example. " I reTir to tfie 5
approved July 28,1854, authorizing the Sefcreiary
of the Treasury to pay-John Charles Ff£'ml>rfNor
beef purchased in California. The act: is a very
short one, and 1 will read it: • * > ' "
" Be i* enacted, That the Secretary of tfie^ Treasury
shall pay, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, the* sum of $183,825, with interest ihcrroa
from the 1st day of Juiie, 1851, at the rale of ten per,cent,
per annum, to John Charles Foment, in full of'hiB account
tor beef ch liveied to Commissioner Barbour for thte use of
tlx: Indians in California in 1851 and 1853."
Mr. BAYARD. I do not doubt that there are
a variety of cases in which interest has been
allowed by Congress. Many cases of that kind
may be found. My statement was, that in tho
general it has been refused. I admit you can
find on the statute-book instances where interest
has been allowed; but in most cases nothing is
said about interest; and in those cases, if you
will look to the records, you will find that a prop-
osition was made to pay interest, and that it was-
refused. Within my own knowledge, on direct
votes of this body, it has been repeatedly refused.
I think, therefore, I am right in my general prop-
osition that Congress do not allow interest, ex-
cept in special cases. I admit there is no prin-
ciple established on .which those special cases
shall rest. With me it has always been a clear
question. I cannot assimilate the relations of' tho
Orovcrnment with the citizons to those of citizen
and citizen. 1 do not think there is any question
of morals entering into this matter of interest at
all. It. is a mutter purely conventional. Under
the laws of Congress, the rate of interest allowed
by the United States, when they do allow it, is
six per cent. Some States allow ten per cent.,
others iix, five, or seven. It is varied in the
different Slates. Then where is the " morals"
of the case r If a claim were held by a citizen of
New York, I suppose on this idea of morals, the
Governmentof the United Stales would be acting
immorally unless it paid him seven per cent in-
terest. If it did not pay twenty per cent, interest
on a claim held by a citizen of California, that
might be considered immoral. There would be
as much justice in these rules of interest as in any
others; for the rule of morality, if there be any "
in the case, should be that, whatever the money
was worth, the debtor, whose debt was estab-
lished, ought to pay interest at the rate which the
creditor lost by not having his money at the time
when he ought to have had it. I hold, however,
that interest is not a question of morals; it- is
purely a conventional matter, which each State
regulates for itself.
According to my views, no Government is
bound to pay interest—and certainly at common
law that is the only principle deducible—except
it is founded upon agreement, either expressed
or implied from the transaction. I will never
depart from this principle in any vote which I
may have to give in the Senate as regards tho
allowance of interest; 1 never yet have done so.
The moment you abandon a geireral principle of
that kind, you open the door to the allowance
of interest at the caprice of Congress. It will
be allowed by political favoritism; it would be
allowed by personal favoritism. It will be af-
fected by a combination of individuals appealing
to you that here is a widow, or an orphan, or
narrating some other circumstance having noth-
ing under heaven to do with the question of
interest, or the principle on which it should be
allowed. If we abandon any general rule which
should regulate us in the allowance of interest—
and I knowof none which is a tangible one other
than that of agreement, express or implied—-the
result is, that its allowance in any case wifl-be
a mere matter of caprice. I am unwilling, espe-
cially in political bodies, to adopt a-course of
action of that kind; and therefore under no cir-
cumstances have I voted, or do I intend to vote,
for the allowance of interest, except where it
accrues by positive legislation under a precedent
law which entitles the party to it, (and then it
amounts to agreement,) or by actual agreement,
expressed or implied, on the part of the Govern-
ment.
I shall not attempt to go into the reasons which
satisfy my own mind of this distinction between
the claims of citizens against each other and the
claims of citizens against the Government, nor
into the reasons relating to the prinoiple of sov-
