598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February %
Gr*,en, Hate, Harlan, Houston. James. Johnson, Jones of
Iowa, Jones of'Tennessee, Nourse, Pearce, Pugh, Rusk.
Sebastian, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of
New Jersey, Toombs, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Yulee
—36.
, So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BIOLER. I now rqove the reconsideration
of the vote on the amendment of the Senator
from New York, with reference to the effect of
the verdict.
The motion was agreed to.
^fhe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
isuow on the adoption of that amendment, which
is to add:
Provided, That, this act shall not be taken or held to
sanction- the said verdict and judgment, or the judgment ot'
the Court ^of Claims, as having any valid force or effect
against the United States.
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for a division on that
amendment. I do not ask for the yeas and nays.
I look on it as decisive probably of the votes of
some of us on the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD It is stated in the report
that it cannot be a precedent.
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Bayard, Biggs, Brown, Clay,
Evan.*, Fish, Fitzpatnck, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee,
Mason, JPearee, Piatt, iteid, Shdell, Stuart, Toombs, and
Weller—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Bigler, Btodhead, Butler, Coilamer, Dodge, Douglas. Dur-
kee, Fool, Foster, Green, Hale, Harlan, Houston, James,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Nourse, Push, Rusk. Sebastian,
Thompson of Kentucky, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and
Yulee—28.
So the amendment was-rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 32, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messr-s. Adams, Allen, BnJI of New Hnmpshiie,
Belt of TmmosstiC, Itoujsunm, Brodiic.id, iiiovvn,
Coilamer, Dodge, Doiisld!,, Ilurkcu, l'Vli, Foot, Fos-loi,
Green, lluie, Harlan, flouisnn, Jaine^, Johnson, .louts of
Iowa, Nourse, Pugli, [tu^k, Sel>iu.luui, Hiuait, Thortlion ot
New Jersey, Wade, Weller, Wilson, unrl Vulne—M
NAVs< — Misers. liayaut, Itisgs, Jiuilei, Clay, Evans,
Filzpatnek, fiuruer, .tones of Tennessee, -Masuu, Piatt,
Eeifl, SiiiJell, Toomtw, and Trnmbuil—14.
So the bill was passed.
JEDEDIAH H.LATHROP.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not know that
I have ever asked a favor of a similar description
of the Senate, but I think there is a bill on the
Private Calendar which has special claims to our
attention at once, if we mean to do anything. It
is the case of a judgment pending over a princi-
pal and his sureties on an official bond. It is the
bill S. No. 533. 1 ask the Senate to postpone the
other bills on the' Calendar until that is consid-
ered. I prom se I will not say a word except to
request that the report of the committee be read,
and it is not long.
Mr. BROWN. I must ask my friend from
Tennessee if it is likely to give rise"to debate? I
have a very pressing case here for a most excel-
lent old lady, which 1 am very anxious to have
considered to-day.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Tt is impossible
that her claims will be overlooked.
Mr. BROWN. With that assurance of the
gallant Senator 1 give way.
Mr. BRLL, ot Tennessee. Unless we take
up the hill to which 1 allude to-day, 1 can s<-e no
prospect of relief to these parlies until the next
session of Congress. It is a judgment liable to
be enforced at once, and there is fair grornid for
its remission, as I think the Senate will be satis-
fied at once on hearing the report.
Mr. EIUN'I'ER. I concur with the Senator
iioin lentiessee, and 1 hope the bill to which lie
alludes will be taken up.
Mr. PRATT. The same thing which has been
said by the Senator from Tennessee in reference
to the bill to which he has adverted, may be said
of every other claim on the Calendar.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Not by any means.
Mr. PRATT. I say yes, by every means. I
do not speak of the merits of that case. I know
nothing of them; butthe Senator says that unless
the claim passes to-day, it cannot pass at all into
a law at this session. I say that that may ba
predicated of every other claim here. Under the
rule established here, to-day is devoted to private
bills, but they are to be taken up according to
their order on the Calendar. Now, sir, there
are claims in which I feel an equal interest to that
which the Senator from Tennessee feels in the bill
to which he has referred. I therefore must in-
sist on the rule being complied with. .
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It is in the power
of a majority of the Senate to postpone prior
orders; and I rest only in the hope that the major-
ity of the Senate will take up this bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I know that the case to
which the Senator from Tennessee alludes is one
of great merit, but I suggest to him the propriety
of deferring its consideration until to-morrow
morning. He will get it through then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Tennessee moves to'postponeall prior orders
for the purpose of taking up the bill (S. No. 533)
for the relief of Jedediah H. Lathrop, late Navy
agent at Washington, and his sureties.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was read
a second time, and considered as in Committeeof
the Whole. It releases Lathrop and his sureties
from judgments recovered against them by the
United States at the October term, 1856, of the
circuit court for the District of Columbia, in the
sum of $7,957 25, with interest thereon from the
23d of June, 1853, on the official bond of Lathrop
as Navy agent, if he and his sureties pay all the
costs.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I ask simply for
the reading of the report.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is unnecessary to read
it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not ask it
unless some other Senator does.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask for the reading of the re-
port.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The memorialist was Navy agent at the city of Washing-
ton fioui Juno, 1849, to June, 1853,and gave bond in a pen-
alty ot ^4U,0U[> for the lauhful pciforuidiiee of the duties or'
lus olliee. Ilis compensation by law as Navy agent was
one per cent, on the amount disbursed, but not to exceed
the maximum or £2,000 per annum. The dunes of the
office weie sample, well understood, and without rnateiial
iisk to tiie ollicer; ami the annual disbursements were
moie than suiheient to ptoduee the maximum salary of
$*3,000 u yeai
By the genoial naval appropriation acts of 3Ut August,
Itf.ri, awl Ud March, I&53, extia computation vva  "ranted
to the officers, seamen, and marines who had .served on the
Pacific coa&ts of Mexico and California dunng the peiiod
therein specified- The duty of1' allouing and ■paying* this
extra compensation was, by the express temis ot these
acts, devolved upon "t/ic 'proper accounting officers of the
Tit'usaiy;,} who wore tno fourth Audttoi arid the Second
Comptroller. These otiiceis weie of opinion that to allow
and pay these claims in any leasonable tune, in the oidi-
naiy loutme of the Trea-my, would occupy nearly the
whok cleucal loiee o( then respective htneaas. (See affi-
davit ot John Ethendge, marked E.) They tlieieiote, atier
consulting with tne Secretary of the Navy, determined to
transfer tins duty from themselves to the Navy atjejit at
Washington. Mr. Lathrop. who then held the office of
Navy ^ agent at this place, piotested against the pioposed
tnuinfei ol this new, burden-ome, and Kspon-tbie ta-k,
alleging that it wa< foreign to ins office, and belonged, by
the express tenns of the law, to the accounting officers
themselves. (See same deposition ) His pi otest, however,
was unavailing, and he \vas lequired to peii'or.u the duty,
up to the expiration ol his term of olliee, Mr. Latin op dis-
bursed, on account of this extra compensation, the sum of
£3oO,4U3 30. (riee letter of Fourth A ditor, marked A.)
r or the performance ot this service the memori h.>t elaimed
a credit in his account lendered on leaving office, of two
and a half per cent, on the whole amount disbuiscd a.s
aforesaid ; winch credit was disallowed <it tiie Treasury, and
tuit-- bioughtto recover the money by the United State®,
on his official bond, against him and his suieties, severally.
Lveept ihi> amount, all other public monevs in his hands
weie promptly paid into the Tiousiiry.
I liese suits were filed at the late October term of the cir-
cuit eoui t lor fins District, and \ erdiets rendered in each m
favor of the Government, the eoui t being of opinion as
join committee inter, that all extra compensation to per-
sons holding office under the United States was positively
piuinbited by the eicar and unequivocal teimsof various
acts of Congress, however great may have been the atuuuni
of extra service performed or meiitonous its character and
that his nujy remedy was an application to Congress.
To obtain relief fioin these judgments against himself and
his j ureties, the memonah^t ha« presented lus inemonal to
Congiess m this ease, and has furnished a statement of
lacts and aigunients, togethei with evidence in its support,
which your committee aie of opmiun entitles mm to auch
relief on clear pimeipies of justice.
At the time when the memoiiaiist was preparing to per-
toun the duties thus traiWened to linn, he was merely
furnished by the Department with copies of the ship rolls
containing the names of the parties entitled to the ext.a
compensation, and the sums due. These ioils contained
tne names of abi.ut eleven thousand men who were djs-
K",ln nearly every quarter of the woiid. Manvofihcm
Sir ,. !any (>t them had 3Crv'ed, and were eniolled
°a one vessel, for example, theie
were eleven John Smiths, three William Smith*, two Sam-
uel Smiths, two Henry Smiths, five James Smiths, four
Charles Browns, five John Browns, two James Browns, two
William Drowns, two George Browns, seven John Wil-
liamses, four Charles Wiihamses. six William Joneses, and
seven William Johnsons. And similar tacts are shown by
the rolls of all the vessels with large crews.
An example, illustrating how important and difficult it
was to decide these questions of identity, is mentioned in
the affidavit of Mr. Koones, who was then, and still is, a
clerk in the office of the Navy agency at this place. " in
deed," says he, ^ there were several instances in whicii
payments were made to sailors identified by officers with
whom they had sailed, and who, it was afterwards proved,
were the wrongpersons." From this confusion of names 
from the fact that the men belonged to a class proveibially
confiding and easily imposed upon—that their number waa
very large, and the amounts due to each generally small—
that the payments had to be made generally on powers of
attorney, and to parties claiming to represent those who had
died—it is perfectly manifest that the new labor, anxiety
of mind, and risk imposed upon the Navy agent, in the exe-
cution ol these extra duties, were three or tour-lold greater
and more responsible than the ordinaly and legitimate
duties of his office. Besides the attempts to obtain pay-
ment of some of the claims on forged or fraudulent docu-
ments, the same wituet-s declares " that they were numer-
ous and ingenious, and in many instances successful, being
bo perfect in their character as to render it impossible to
decide that they were not genuine." The present Secre-
tary of the Navy, m leply to a letter addies&ed to him by
your committee, says "that he (the memorialist) obtained
from the Treasury Department the names and amount due ;
but he was responsible for paying it to the proper man
assuming the name—a responsibility peculiarly hazardous
m regard to sailors, who assume new names very often
whenever they enlist, and who are easily seduced by agents
into cunningly-devised plans for imposing upon the Navy
asent. I learn that they succeeded in many cases, and that
olton perfectly formal letters of administration were pre-
sented, the money paid to the administrator, and subse-
quently claimed by the party, who had not died."
The amount of this new duty upon the Navy agent. Mr.
Koones says. " was not less than twenty-fold those belong-
ing to the ordinary duties of the office, and twentv-told
what they had boon before the passage of the-e acts-."' 
(See Ins affidavit, maiked F.) lie fuither stated on the
tual ot the cause in court, as certified by Messrs. WjJie
and Bradiey, defendant's counsel on that occasion, that,
" after the passage of the extra-pay acts, Mr. Lathrop was
allowed one aduitional clerk, and another one for a lew
weeks. When Mi. Allen succeeded Mr. Lathiop he was
allowed a further increase of four clerks and of one mes-
senger. who performed the duties of a clerk. These clerks
received each a salary of §1,2i)0, and the messenger {$750.
The salaries of the regular cletka were increased also. In
inv opinion there was no increased amount of labor in the
office after Mr. Lathrop was succeeded by Mr Allen. The
now eieiks performed only what had been previously per-
formed by Mr. Lathiop himself."—(See the statement of
Messrs. Bradley and Wyhe, marked E.) Mr. Lathrop him-
j self a-^eits, (and your committee have no reason to doubl
( hisstatement,) that heexammed every case himself before
j it was paid, and that the duty occupied his most anxious
! attention in office hours and out of office houis, at night
i and by day, not excepting the hours of Sunday, and that
i he was required to do so to keep up with his woik. and to
; piotect himself and ins sureties from losses, whioh were
i otherwise inevitable.
| The counsel ol the United States, on the trial of the cause
; ill the eneuit couit of' tins District, in a certificate marked
i D, says : ££ I acted as counsel for the United States in the
i latetnaj in the circuit couit of the Distnct of Columbia,
; against J. II. Lathrop, late Navy agent at Washington city,
1 and Ins sureties. I am well acquainted with the facts of
j the ea^e, and have no hesitation to state, at the request of
Mi. Lathiop, that in my opinion Congress ought to release
him iiom the judgment that has been recovered m the case."
The jury also who tried the cause have unanimously
signed a certificate, which is too long to quote in full; but
m which they say, in substance, that they deem it due, in
justice to Mr. Lathrop, to say that, in their opinion, from
the evidence in the cause, Mr. Lathrop i^ entitled m equity
to the relief he asks.—(See their certificate marked C.)
Your committee have given this case a caieful examina-
tion, and think the memorialist is justly and equitably enti-
tled to he released from the judgments which have been
obtained against hun and his suieues, as before stated. The
, amount cliatged by him, two and a half per cent, commis-
i sions on his disbursement^ of these extra pay appiopriations,
■ your committee consider not more than a reasonable com-
; pensation for the v< ry hazaidoiis and labonous natuie of the
; duties pei formed. In some instances, Congress has granted
| a much larger commission for services less meritorious and
j hrfzaulous. William Speiden, a purser in the Navy, was,
j hy a lecent act, allowed two and a half per cent on dis-
buisements made by mm outside of his official duties.—
; (Statutes at Laige, vol. 10, pp. 742-3.) Andrew Armstrong,
late Navy agent at Lima, was, lor similar services, allowed
a commission of five per cent —(See act of June 3f), 1834,
chap. 2u7.) Wiiham A. Teneille, for similar services, was
allowed five per cent.—(Act of July 14, l$5S, chap. 279.)
| The case of Mrg. Hctzeli, widow of A. R. Hetzell. assistant
, qnarteimaster United States Army, was so precisely similar
to this of the memonahst, that your committee have made
; the following extracts from the repot? of the Committee on
1 Military Affairs of the Senate, showing the character of the
I claim in that case:
u In the account rendered by the deceased, for a part of
' the third quarter of the year 1838, the following item,
charged by him to the United States, was disallowed at the
' Treasury, viz:
i '•' Peicentage on disbursements, on account of the ap-
] propriation for preventing and «uppre?sing Indian hostili-
! ties, from the 4th day of July, 1836, to the 30th September,
; 1638, $519,549 78, at two and a half per cent., $1'},988 74.J
j " It will be noticed that that duty was entirely discon-
i nected with his regular quartermaster's account, which was
S covered by his official bond; but during this verv period
' Ins oflicial^Iidbursemente on account of the Army amounted
