1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to several hundred thoifeand dollars, which was duly closed
at the Treasury Department.
u Upon the account presented by the deceased, in which
the foregoing item is found, is the following memorandum,
under his own hand, in explanation of the charge:
"'The amount charged as percentage is not retained,
but the undersigned cannot but consider it as a just and
equitable claim against the Government, in consequcnce of
the unusual and extraordinary responsibilities he assumed
while on duty as principal quartermaster in the Cherokee
nation. The funds placed in his hands, amounting to
neariv $700,000, owing to the system of accountability he
established, were disbursed in such a manner that Govern-
ment lost nothing by the defalcation of agents, whom it
became necessary to employ from time to time to assist in
furnishing supplies, procuring transportation, &c., at the
various posts in the Cherokee nation. His duties weie
arduous in the extreme, as the several commanding officers
under who«e orders he was acting can testify ; and as the
money expended, on which he claimed a per centum, was
out of an appropriation distinct from the regular Army
appropriation, he considers it, to say die least, equitable,
and that it ought to he allowed.'"
This claim was allowed by act. of 30th August, 1852,
chapter 99} t&nd the sum of $12,980 74, being two and a
half per cent, on the amount disbursed, was therein appro-
priated. Even should the relief heie piaved for be granted
by Congress, your committee are of opinion that the evi-
dence before them t-hovvs, that in no other way could the^o
claims have been examined andpaid so economically foe
the Government, or so satisiaetonly lor the claimants, asm
the one case which was adopted. It is a fact worthy of
consideration, also, that since the expiration of Mr. La-
throp's term of service m said office, the salaries of Navy
agents have been increased fifty per cent., and this simply
for the performance of their proper and regular duties.
Mr. Koones,m the statement already referred to, gives
it a:> his opinion that five per cent, would he a small com-
pensation for the labors and risk of the memorialist in the
performance of these duties. The memorialist himself
asserts that when tins business was transferred to him by
the accounting officers of the Treasury, against his remon-
strance, lie told them that if he were required to perform
so large an amount of work which did not properly belong
to him as Navy agent, he should expect to be paid and re-
ceive an extra compensation therefor; and that the ac-
counting officers gave him to undeistand that he undoubt-
edly should and ought to bo paid.
Your committee recommend that the relief praved for by
the memorialist be granted, and report a bill accordingly.
Mr. IJELL, of Tennessee. There were eleven
thousand of the officers, seamen, and marines
entitled to extra compensation under the acts of
August 31, 1h52, and March 3, 1853, to whom
this officer had to make the payment. They were
dispersed in all parts of the world; many of them
were dead. Of the crew of a single vessel there
were, I thin.k, only five surnames among: sixty
men. Repeated frauds were attempted. The Sec-
retary of the Navy has made a statement, which
wili be found with the papers, that those frauds
were often successful. Cases occurred in which
the officerswho commanded the ship in which
the applicants alleged that they had served,gave
a certificate identifying the persons claiming the
money, although it afterwards turned out that
they were not the proper parties. There were
some twenty or thirty of the name of Smith,
thirteen or fourteen of the name of Jones, and as
many of the name of Williams. On this account
there was great difficulty in identifying the indi-
viduals. This officer was held responsible for
the correctness of his payments in every instance.
If the payments had been made in the usual way,
by the officers of the Treasury, as the law re-
quires, it is evident that the cost to the Govern-
ment would have been much greater than the
sum proposed by the bill to be allowed the Navy
agent at Washington'. If payment had been
made by the officers of the Treasury, as required
by law, the patience of the claimants would^ave
been worn out by delays which must have en-
sued, or the ordinary business of the accounting
officers must have been suspended.
When this duty was devolved upon the memo-
rialist, he protested againstit. It was forced upon
him against his will. The accounting officers are
under no responsibility in such cases, except for
bona fides. If the payments had been made in
the usual way, each case would have had to go
through the hands, first of the Auditor, next of
the Comptroller, then of the Secretary of the
Treasury, then of the Register, and finally of the
Treasurer. That was the ground on which the ac-
counting officers of th^Treasury said that, if they
executed the law according to its strict words,
there would be no possibility of making the pay-
ments in any reasonable time, and hence the uuty
was devolved on this officer; and he was allowed
only one clerk to aid him. He devoted himself
assiduously, while occupying this office, to the
discharge of this duty, working night and day,
with the smallest modicum of repose, and it is
said often violating Sunday, in order to satisfy
the demands of these thousands of claimants, each
claiming a small sum, but many of them attend-
ing here themselves.
As soon as Mr. Lathrop went out of office his
successor was allowed* five clerics instead of one.
Mr. Lathrop went through this arduous duty at
great hazard to his fortune, and that of his sure-
ties, with but one clerk. Not only was his suc-
cessor allowed five clerks, but his salary was in-
creased fifty per cent. Instead of $2,000 a year,
which Mr. Lathrop received, he wets paid $3,000
for discharging the ordinary duties of the office.
Mr. BIGGS. I understand it is only to release
him from a judgment already obtained.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. BIGGS. I am satisfied.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
CHARLES NEWBOLD'S HEIRS.
Mr. BROWN. Now, I hope we shall take up
the bill for the relief of the heirs of Charles New-
bold. It is the case to which I alluded before in
favor of a most excellent old lady—a quaker
lady—a friend to everybody, and I hope there
will be no sort of objection to it.
Mr. PEAUCE. i hope we shall go on with
the Calendar. The very first case on the Calen-
dar is one in which I take an interest, which has
been pending for throe years. I have been here
in the Senate every Friday hut one, and anxious
to have it taken up. I allude to Obed Hussey's
case.
Mr. BROWN. I must appeal-to the gallantry
of the Senate to aid the old lady. We can dis-
pose of that bill m ton seconds.
Mfr. PRATT, t do not understand what is the
use of the rule of the Senate, if, without notice,
that rule can be altered by the will of a mere ma-
jority. The standing rule for the present session
is, that on every Friday the private bills shall he
taken up in the order in which they stand on the
Calendar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
is under a misapprehension It is a resolution,
not a rule, and may be dispensed with by a vote
of the Senate.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I regret ex-
ceedingly to object to anyihing which the Senator
from Mississippi desires, especially the measure
to which he refers. I do not know that i shall
be able to get up anything out of order; but if we
do not go on with the regular routine of the Cal-
endar, I shall never reach things in which I am
interested. 1 am reluctantly constrained to ob-
ject.
Mr. BROWN. That objeciion comes from a
quarter from which I should not have anticipated
objection. Yesterday we postponed everything
to pass two bills for Kentucky; and I hope the
objection from that quarter will not be potent.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
there being on a division—ayes 18, noes 16; and
the bill (S. No. 477) for the relief ofCharles New-
bold 's heirs was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Itproposes to make it the duty of the Secretary
of the Interior to cause to be issued to the widow
of Charles Newbold, (Hope H. Newbold,) and
to his daughter, Martha C. Laurin, land scrip to
the quantity of twelve sections of land, bisec-
tions, half sections, or quarter sections, as they
may prefer, to be by them located on any of the
vacant and unappropriated lands of the United
States subject to entry at the minimum price, on
condition that they surrender to the Commissioner
of Patents the original letters patent issued in 1798
to Charles Newbold for a cast-iron plow, and that
they assign and transfer to the United States all
right, title, claim, or interest, in law or in equity,
which they may have to the letters patent, or
to the invention of which they are the evidence,
in such form and manner as the Commissioner of
Patents may prescij^e.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. Is there a
report accompanying this bill? If so, I should
like to hear it read.
The Secretary read the report, fromi which it
appears that letters patent were issued to Charles
Newbold as early as 1798, for a cast-iron plow.
The drawing and specifications filed by the peti-
tioner show it to have been substantially the
same implement that has been for a long time, and
is now, in general use. It is shown that Newbold
was a man of considerable fortune when h? un-*'
dertook the construction of this plow; that he
labored unsuccessfully for a long time, and, wh$n"
he finally succeeded, his fortune had been wasted.
He died in penury and want before the plow had
become generally knowli, or used to any consid-
erable extent. On his death, other parties took
possession of his invention, and obtained from the '
Government other letters patent, under which for
long years they had protection, and realized large
profits. It was, doubtless, the result of an im-
perfect organization of the Patent Office at an early
day, that this wrong was done to Mr. Newbold
heirs; but very clearly, it was by the act of the
Government that the benefits of this important
invention have been conferred,almostexclusively,
on strangers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
Mr. BROWN. Let us have the yeas and naye
on the engrossment. m
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senate will turn
their attention to this bill for one raorrjpnt. This
man got a patent for a plow in the last century*
He used it, 1 presume?
Mr. BROWN. No.
Mr. TOOMBS. He might have clone so.' I
know no obstacle against it. It is said he spent
his fortune in making a plow; and because ho did
invent a plow—and it does not seem there was
any legal obstacle to his making money by it,
except that somebody made a better plow—after
half a century we are to give twelve sections of
land. I think we ought to amend it, and give
twelve sections oflancl to the man who invented
sleep. Sancho Pan/.a said God bless the man who
invented sleep; it cowers men over like a blanket.
We ought to put in the man who invented sleep.
Mr BROWN. The Senator wholly misun-
derstands the point in this case. Newbold, be-
yond all question, if the official reports arc to be
relied on, was the inventor of the cast-iron plow,
and the only improvement that has ever been
made on it at all, is in reference to givingjt**
point, a very unimportant one, foi>which an alto-
gether different man got a patent,and enjoyed it,
and got all the profits ana benefits. The point
on which this caso rests is, that the Government,
after giving Newbold a patent, and after he- had
expended his fortune and lost his reason, and was
no longer capable of defending his own rights,-
issued a patent to another party, who did derive
the benefits from it, and very important bene-
fits, too. The point which you arc called on to
consider is, whether by default of the Govern-
ment in voluntarily surrendering to another claim-
ant the benefits of a discovery clearly admitted by
everybody to have been made by Newbold, you
are going to deprive Newbold and his heirs of all
benefits resulting froth one of the most important
discoveries known to agriculturists. That he
was the inventor of the iron plow is true beyond
all dispute—of that plow which is known and
used on every plantation in the whole Union, and
now almost throughout the world. From it he
has derived no benefit whatever, either directly
or indirectly; but by the act of the Government*
other parties, strangers to the discovery, have
been enabled, under a patent issued by the Oov-i
ernment, to derive benefit. That is the p.oijit of
the case.
Mr. PRATT. As I understand my friend,
this inventor, some half a century ago, made, an
iron plow. The only improvement, he say?,
which has been made on it by those who have
followed, is that tl;ey have made a point to it.
Now,, in the name of Heaven, what would be the
use of an iron plow without a point? I am not
agriculturist enough to know. It scenes to me
its utility has been entirely dependent on the sub-
sequent discoveries, and not on the man v/ho
made the iron plow originally That is the state-
ment of my friend.
Mr. BROWN. If my friend-frow Maryland
knew anything about the practical use of* the
plow, he would not ask the question. I was a
plow-boy in my and understand these
things. My friend does not understand them.
Mi-. PRATT. I certainly know enough about
a plow know this: that my friend, when ha
