TH®- €0NGREffaO!f AL,-GIu0^S.:
February 6,
v/as a plow-boy, could not-get along; with a plow
■without a point; and therefore, if this mail spent
his fortune m inventing a plow that had no point
—that is what the Senator said
Mr. BROWN. No, sir; 1 did not sa-y so.
•fir. PRATT. If that is the case, 1 do not
think we ought to pass this bill.
Mr. BROWN. I said there was an improve-
ment on the point.
Mr. STUART. In this case it is shown con-
clusively that the individual named was the in-
ventor of the cast-iron plow. There is no doubt
aboutit. He wastheoriginafinventoj-. A patent
was issued to him during the presidency of Mr.
Adams. That was stolen from him—I can use
no better term than that from the evidence in the
case—by Wood. Wood went on and claimed to
hkve invented a cast-iron plow. It was this man's
plow complete. Woo.d received the benefitforit,
and his heirs came to Congress within a few years
and asked Congress to renew his patent. The ,
House of Representatives were about to pass a i
bill, and were on the very verge of doing it, when !
those who held this patentcame here and showed i
conclusively that this man was the inventor and !
not Wood, and defeated the biil. The proof is |
conclusive, as the Senator from Mississippi has j
eaid, that tlfis man never received a cent of be.i (| o     j _ ,_j   
efit. The country has been benefited incalcula- 'j and asks tins little justice at the hands of the Gov-
hands ol a man who had made so much money
that she could not come in competition with him,
even if she had understood her legal rights, which
possibly she did not understand.
I ask Senators to come back to the point on
which we rest this case: that it was by the act of
the Government that an invention, the benefits
of-which belonged clearly and indisputably to
Nowhold, were given to other parties. If they
had not been enjoyed by Wood daring the whole
time to which the law allowed any patentee to
enjoy them, these parties would have come and
asked you to renew the patent, to give them now
even at this late day, when they have come into
possession of full knowledge of their legal rights,
some benefit from it; but you have already, by
your act, by the blundering course of your exec-
utive Government, given the benefits to other par-
ties, who, as we all of us know, and know with-
out testimony, have realized vast sums of money
—rrot upon Wood's genius, but upon the genius
and inventive skill of Newbold, a man who ex-
pended his fortune, as the testimony shows, iii
getting up this invention; who, being reduced to
penury and want, lost his reason, v/as consigned
to a lunatic asylum, and there dragged out in
misery the remnant of his days. When his widow,
at tile age of mine than fourscore years, comes,
and asks this little iustice at the hands nf iIirGmv-
bly. The Supreme Court has decided just as !i ernmont (at the hands of a Government which,
often as the case has arisen, that the Wood patent 1 '
was the basis of all the cast-iron plows.
It is not, as my friend from Maryland sup-
poses,a plow without a point. It is the cast iron
share and point, and on tins point there have been
improvements, and that is what the Senator from
Mississippi intended to say, if he did not say it.
All the impiovcmcnts ever made since that time,
have been improvements made on the plowshare
npd point. 1his plow, as Wood's plow, wa
plowshare and point fastened on with a wooden
wedge to the mold-board; an*the Supreme Court
has decided that the land-slide and the mold-board
constituted the points of the invention, and de-
cided every other patent an infringement of it.
This question, then, is presented: will the Gov-
ernment of the United States leward this inventor
by its own act, issued to a party a patent who
invented nothing) for the invention, and that a
most beneficial one to the whole agricultur.il
country, I hope, sir, that it is not thus to be
sneeied and laughed out of the Senate. Let us
at least have a grave vote on it. Let it not be
thus slightly thrown aside. If the case is to be
opposed on principle—if it is to be defeated be-
cause gentlemen can find no substantial principle
on which to base it, let that be so; but I hope It
is not to be laughed out of the Senate.
In my judgment, the case has merits in it, and
very important merits. I do not pretend that this
party has any legal claim upon the Gov
, -vernment.
No one pretends that she has a claim which she
may demand the Government to satisfy in doiiars
. . --  ' ij and cents; but it is a case of strong equity. It is
or his representatives with this amount of land a case a thousand times stron cr than that which
for this immense benefit that he has done to the ~
country at large ? If the evidence before the com
mitteo was such as to satisfy mo that Wood was
an inventor, also, that Wood, without the knowl-
edge of Newbold's patent, had invented the plow,
I would ngreo that that is a thing that might
occur; but the proof is that Wood went to this
man's house, saw his plow, and took liis inven- i
tion and appropriated it to his own use, and that |
he was not the inventor, but that this man was. j
That is the evidence. Ail I desire is, not to inilu- '
ence the vote of the Senate, but that the vote of
the Senate should not pass off on a factitious
statement of the case, or oil the supposition that
tills was a. plow without any point; for a good
many of us here that have followed the plow long ,
enough, know that you can do very little work i
unless you have a point on it, and a very good 1
point, too, I
Mr. CLAY. If all the facts be true as they !
are presented— and I do not doubt that the Sen- I
ator from Mississippi and the Senator from Mich- ;
3gan believe them to be true—I ask why did not :
this party get redress from the courts? If the ;
patent was invaded, the remedy was open; the :
courts could have afforded relief. It does not j
appear that any suit has been prosecuted to rc- i
dress this grievance; but we are asked to indem- !
nify the parties. We are to" go forward, and 1
inasmuch as the parties did not seek the relief that ■
might have been obtained in a court of iustice, !
we must pay them—pay them for their default in i
the very matter about which they complain. ■
WN. I will answer the Senator in a i
single word. The reason why Charles Newbold '
did not prosecute: his rights, as I said before, was I
that, being reduced to extreme poverty, he became j
insane, and died in a lunatic asylum. Averysuf- i
ficient reason why his widow did not prosecutc a '
suit as against the claim of Wood, who enjoyed i
* monopoly of this plow, worth perhaps a quarter i
of a million of dollars to him, was simply that
she was living in penury, and had nothing with j
which to prosecute a suit agSiilst a man enjoying 1
such a monopoly. The Government, by its act, !
i?u* placed the invention of her husband in the
you passed not five seconds before this bill v/as
called up. So far as the equity is concerned, I
undertake to say that, in my humble judgment,
no case has ever been presented before the Senate
which more strongly appeals to your sense of
justice.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask the Senator from Missis-
sippi if there is any precedent for this.kind of
appropriation of the public lands in any bill here-
tofore passed ? Why is it proposed to give land
rather than money ?
Mr. BROWN. I do not know that there is
any precedent for it; and if there were, I would
as soon vote against the case because there was a
precedent, as vote against it because there was
not a precedent. So far as I am concerned—with
all due respect to my honored friend from North
Carolina—precedent does not control me m my
votes. I know of no precedent for this. Land
w ' ' "
gr
euting a.suit at law. A suit might have been
brought in the name of his committee or his guard-
ian. Certainly his family, if they were deprived
of the emoluments of th is i nvention which the v had
enjoyed, must have fek this deprivation. They
must have felt the wrong which was committed
against them, and they might have sought re-
dress. Poverty did not disable them from sueing.
Under the statutes of the United States, and, I
presume, under the statutes of almost all the
States, they might have sued as paupers, if that
was necessary; but I have never yet found a place
in this country, or any case where any person,
and more especially a.poor widow, could not find
a lawyer to prosecute a suit without fee or re ward.
After having sleptupon theirrights for fifty years,
half a century, we are called upon now to indem-
nify these parties for not obtaining that redress
which was due to them, and which might have
been obtained in the courts of justice.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time, resulted—yeas 14, nays 24; as follows:
YT'AS—Messrs Adains|sAnen, Bull of New flampshue,
Bitter, ! I row n, Dod^e, Foster. Ilarlan, James, Jones of
I j low;i, IVourse, Stuaa, Thomson of New Jersey, and Wi3-
> bou—14.
N<YVS—?Jessrs. Tlayaid, Bijjgs, Butler, Clay, Collainer,
Evans, Fitzpatnck, Geyer, Houston, Hunter, Johnson,
Jones of Tennessee, MalSmy, Mason, Pearce, Pratt,
R.-^Jct, Shdeli. Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wade, and Yulee-d-i. '
So the bill was rejected.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move a reconsideration
of the vote iust taken.
Mr. VVELLER. I move to postpone the con-
j sideration of that question until next Friday,
i Mr. CLAY. I move to postpone it indefinitely,
i and my motion has precedence.
I Mr. HOUSTON. I intended that the motion
j for the reconsideration should he on the table for
the present, and not now be acted on.
The PRESIDENT pro tempo-it. A motion haa
been made to postpone it indefinitely, and that
question must be taken.
Mr. ADAMS. The vote which was taken on
the engrossment of the bill was decidcd in the
negative. The Senator from Texas has moved a
reconsideration of that vote, and that motion is
entered upon the Journal of the Senate. Does it
necessarily come up until it is called up by some
person, or is the motion only entered, subject to
be called up at any time ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the Senator
from Texas moves to lay on the table the propo-
sition for reconsideration, that motion will take
precedence.
Mr. HOUSTON. X withdraw the motion to
reron^dt-r altogether.
Mr. WELLER. The motion to reconsider can
be made to-morrow as well as to-day.
OBED IIUSSEY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will proceed to the consideration of the special
order, which is private bills on the Calendar in
their order.
i. -     —| Mr. HUNTER. I ask whether a private bill
as asked for, because it was believed that Con- ij was not postponed until to-day, which comes up
- :ess would be more ready to vote justice in that I first, that was reported bv the Senator from South
way than in dollars and cents. ' ~ "   -
Mr, NOURSE. There is a single considera-
tion,Mr. President, which will determine my vote
in regard to tins bill. It is tins: that whereas,
in ordinary cases, the party should have found
his remedy in the courts, he was, in this case,
by the act of God, incapacitated from doing so,
and therefore was left without a remedy, and is
without a remedy, unless we interpose and pass
this bill. My colleague [Mr, Fessen'den] in-
formed me that he was a member of the commit-
tee that reported this bill, and that they had no
doubt at all about the merits o.f the case; that
the gentleman had saved an immense amount of
money to the agricultural interest of the United
States; and that the only question was as to the
mode of remedy. I do not learn that there are
any particular exceptions taken to the mode, and
I believe that this is a meritorious case. 1 shall
vote for the biil.
Mr. CLAY, f have a word to say in reply to
what has been said by the Senator from Missis-
sippi, and the Senator who last addressed the
ynair. If this man became a lunatic, that did not
disable any person representing him from prose-
Carolina, [Mr. Evans,] in favor of the represent-
atives of Gustavus B. Horner ?
TUfc PRESIDENT pro tempore. In the opinion
of the Chair, the special order is the consideration
of the private bills on the Calendar as they stand.
The first is the bill (S. No. 305) for the relief of
Obcd Hussev.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will agk the
Senate to postpone that hill until half past twelve
o'clock to-morrow, and make it the special order
for that time. I feel an interest in it, and have
some papers in my room, which I have not
brought with me, not expecting the bill to come
up to-day. With the consent of the Senator from
Maryland, I ask that it be made the special order
for to-morrow, at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the spccial order
for one o'clock to-morrow? If tlie Senator will
fix it for ten minutes before one o'clock, I am
willing to agree to it; but I made it a rule, some
time since, to object to special orders for half past
twelve o'clock, on the ground that it prevents the
morning business from being dispatehed.
Mr. JONlSS, of Tennessee. I vary the motion?
and say one o 'clock to-morrow!
