W07.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the third regiment of Missouri mounted volun-
teers; that he entered the service of the United
States in 1847 to eerve during the Mexican war;
that he was marched to New Mexico with his
regiment ar>£ stationed at Taos; that on the 31st
of October, Captain Smithson tendered his res-
ignation to Colonel Newby, of the Illinois volun-
teers, then in command of that military depart-
ment; that,afterthis,Captain Smithson continued
in command of his company, by order of Colonel
Newby, until his resignationwas accepted by the
Secretary of War, it having been sent by Colonel
Newby to the Adjutant General, who submitted
the same to the Secretary of War, with a recom-
mendation thatQaptain Smithson be discharged,
to take effect from the 1st of November, the day
after the date of the resignation. This recommend-
ationvwas approved by the Secretary of War, and
communicated, by the Adjutant General, to Col-
onel Newby, in a letter dated January 4, 1848.
Captain Smithson remained in his command at
Taos until the order of the Adjutant General was
communicated to him by Colonel Newby, which
was about the 1st of April, 1848. The committee
are of the opinion that an order from the Secretary
of War could not take effect in New Mexico two
months before the date of the same at Washing-
ton, and four months before the reception of the
same in New Mexico. Such a thing is impossi-
ble, and should not weigh, in the opinion of the
committee, against the payment of Captain Smith-
son for the time he remained in the army, between
the date of his resignation and the reception of
its acceptance.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (H. It. No. G31) for the relief of Eh
Darling. [Objected to by Mr. Smith, of Vir-
ginia.]
An act (S. No. 423) for the relief of Katharine
M. Hamer, widow of the late General Thomas
- L. Hamer.
The bill was read.
The reading of the report was called for.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no report accom-
panying the bill.
Mr. MORGAN. If there is no report, I object
to the bill.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York not to object to this bill. It is a
meritorious bill, and ought to pass.
Mr. dGITMAN. I ask the consent of the
House to make a short statement of this case,
which I think will satisfy the House that this bill
ought to pass.
No objection was made.
Mr. QJJITMAN. General Hamer was asso-
ciated with me in the war with Mexico, in the
same grade of service. He served with marked
ability and gallantry in the battle of Monterey,
in which battle he contracted a fatal disease, from
which he died at Monterey. His widow is poor,
and was entirely dependent on him for support.
The only difference between this and the case of
General Worth is,* that General Hamer was a
distinguished volunteer officer, while the other
was in the regular service. He died, as I believe
—I was present at his death and during his sick-
ness—fromdisease consequentupon exposure and
fatigue in the battle of Monterey. I trust that his
widow, being poor, will be provided for.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There were many
privates who were killed or who died in conse-
quence of diseases contracted m the war with
Mexico—privates in the volunteer service, who
left widows. Their widows have only received,
under the general jaws of Congress, half pay for
teli years—first for five years, and then for five
years more—three dollars and a half per month
for ten years. If this is right, put them all upon
the same footing, and make a general law, and
give the widows of private soldiers the same
benefit you give to the widows of officers in the
regular service. I move that the bill be reported
to the House with a recommendation that it-do not
pass; and upon that motion I ask for a division.
Mr. MORGAN. If there is no report accom-
panying this bill I object to it.
An act (S. No. 409) for the relief of Thomas
M. Newell.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it be laid
upon the table.
m
A bill (C. C. No. 15) for the relief of Thomas
M. Newell, reported from the Committee of
Claims with an amendment in the nature of a
substitute.
The Substitute, which was read,authorizes the
proper accounting officer to settle and pay to
Thomas M. Newell, a commander in the Navy,
such sum as may be due to him in his capacity
of commander, from the 30th of March, 1835,
to the 17th of October, 1836, under existing laws,
in the same manner as though no application had
ever been made to Congress by Newell in relation
thereto.
The substitute was agreed to; and the bill as
amended was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (C. C. No. 23) for the relief of Isaac
Swain.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, to Isaac Swain, $4,800,
in full for freight on stores for the army of the
United States, from Benicia, in California, to the
Government hulk, or post-landing, near that
place, and for injuries received by his ship, Ellen
Bro'oks, whilst lying at the said post-landing.
The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
Ho^se, with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. MORGAN. On further inquiry I am sat-
isfied that 1 ought not to object to the bill (S. No.
423) for the relief of Katharine M. Hamer, widow
of the late General Thomas L. Hamer. I with-
draw my objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I move that
that bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with a recommendation that it do not pass; and I
call for a division on that question.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
It is not competent for the gentleman from Ten-
nessee to make that motion. If he choose he may
object to the bill, but cannot make that motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order, and decides the motion to be in
order.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers on Mr.
Jones's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Morgan- were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 123, noes 4.
So the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, withdrew his objec-
tion to a bill (H. R. No. 596) for the relief of the
children of Elizabeth Storrs.
Mr. JON ES, of Tennessee. That bill provides
for giving a pension to the children, under the act
of July 4,1836. The case does not, in my opin-
ion, come under that law. I object to the bill.
An act (S. No. 421) for the relief of Lucy Fitz-
gerald, and the children of Thomas Fitzgerald.
[Objected to by Mr. Underwood.]
An act (S. No. 227) to liquidate the unadjusted
contracts of the Tennessee river improvements.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House, with
the recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to the bill.
Mr. SN"EED. I hope the gentleman from New
York will withdraw his objection to the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to withdraw his objection while I state
in one word the nature of the bill.
The objection was withdrawn.
Mr. FAULKNER. I object to discussion.
Mr. FLORENCE. The proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee is now in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
unanimous consent of the committee to make an
explanation.
Mr. McMULLIN and others objected.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. 1 make "the point of
order, that no such motion as that of the gentle-
man fromTennessee is m order on this day, being
objection day* He may simply object, but can-
not make this motion.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. Does the gentleman from Michi-
gan object to the bill?
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I do not.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the question is on
the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I raised a point of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has decided
against the point of order.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I appeal from the decis-e
ion of the Chair. ^
Mr. SNEED, I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to make an explanation, which will
occupy only a few mopients, in reference to this,
bill, which affects my constituents only.
Mr. STANTON. This thing can begot over,
by objection to the bill. I object.
Mr. SNEED. The bill is a meritorious one,
and would not be objected to if it were under-
stood.
What became of the point
Mr. FLORENCE,
of order?
The CHAIRMAN,
to the bill.
Mr. FLORENCE.
The CHAIRMAN.
It fell with the objection
1 think not.
The Chair decides that
all questions relating to the bill fell with the objec-
tion to the bill.
A bill (H. R. No. 645) to authorize and direct
the settlement of the accounts of Ross Wilkins,
James Witherell, and Solomon Sibley. [Objected
to by Mr. Jones, of Tennessee.]
„ A bill (H. R.No. 646) for the relief of Thomas
Jenkins.
The bill exonerates and discharges the real
estate of Thomas Jenkins, situate in the city of
Hudson, New York, from all lien, claim, or
liability of two judgments now aumding open and
unsatisfied, of record in the clerk's office of the
circuit court of the southern district of the United
States, in the city of New York, in favor of the
United States, against one Caleb Gibbs and a man
by the name of Thomas Jenkins, as defendants,
both docketed on or about the 13th of September,
1816—the one for $2,400 of debt, and ^28 13 costs;
and the other for ^1,800 of debt, and $28 13 costs.
It appears from the report that the petitioner
never was a party defendant in said judgments,
and that said judgments were entered against
another person of the same name, then residing
in tne said city of New York, where the judg-
ments were entered and docketed; that the peti-
tioner is, and has been for many years, the owner
of a house and lot of land in the city of Hudson,
within said judicial district, which he is desirous
of selling, but is prevented from selling the same
to advantage by reason of the closed or supposed
lien of said judgments upon said property; that
said petitioner, since he ascertained the existence
of said judgments, has been unable to ascertain
the consideration of said judgments, or the real
parties defendants therein.
la. The bill was laid aside to be reported to the
frlouse, with the recommendation that it do pass.
A bill (S. No. 450) for the relief of Mrs. Mary.
Gay.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is one of the casea
growing out of the Kansas troubles. I object.
A bill (H. R. No. 647) for the relief of Brevet
Captain Frederick Steele, United States Army.
The bill directs that in the settlement of the
accounts of Brevet Captain Frederick Steele, of
the United States Army, the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury shall allow to his'credit
£3,000, being the amount of Government money
of which he was robbed, whilst- he was acting
assistant quartermaster and commissary, near
Stockton, in California, on the 4th of March,
1849.
It appears from the report that the memorialist,
in the month of May, 1849, whilst at San Fran-
cisco, California, was appointed by his com-
manding officer, Major A. C. Miller, of the sec-
ond infantry, acting assistant quartermaster and
commissary to a detachment of infatftry then
under orders for the mining districts east of the
San Joaquin river. By this appointment he
was required to take charge of funds necessary
for the command to the amount of $9,000, all in
silver. He applied for a safe in which to keep
the money securely, but only one could be ob-
tained which was small in size, and would only
hold about six thousand dollars of the money.
The remaining $3,000 he had to receive in a
wooden box, well secured with screws. With
the money thus put up, it was transported by
steamer to Stockton, thence in a wagon to a camp
thirty miles distant. At this camp the wooden
box was put away in the tent of Lieutenant
