m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. It is only provided
that the company shall carry them at such a price
as may be fixed on by the Secretary of War. The
-condition 'is contained in the bill with the consent
of the company's representative.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Is there; any obliga-
tion now that will prevent the company making
a free contract ?
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. The representative
-of the company is willing that this restriction
shall be contained in this bill. It was imposed
by the Committee on Public Lands with his ap-
probation. It was not in the original bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to suggest
that it does not come gracefully from the United
States to impose restrictions for its own benefit in
granting the privilege to this company to nego-
tiate with the Indians for a right of way through
their land.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. If this company are
willing to agree to it, I do not see-why we should
object. I call for the previous question.
- Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, i ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion, in order that I may make some remarks in
reply, to what he has said. I do not think ii is
right to force this novel proposition thiough under
the pressure of the previous question, when there
has been no discussion of it.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I decline to withdraw
the call for the previous question. *
Mr. WALBR1DGE I appeal to the gentle-
man to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The bill has never
even been printed.
Mr COBB, of Alabama. I cannot withdraw
the call for the previous question.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move, then, that the
bill be laid on the table.
Mr. MORGAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelly and
H. Marshall were appointed.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. If gentlemen arc
willing to consume the time of the House with the
discussion of so plain a proposition, 1 will with-
draw the call for the previous question if the gen-
tleman from Michigan will wnhdiaw the motion
to lay on the table.
Mr. GROW. I object; I shall renew the call
for the previous question.
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 91, noes 27.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table. *
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAY OF A DECEASED MEMBER.
Mr. ORR, by unanimous consent, offered the
following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, ana agreed to:
Resolved, That the Speaker be authorized to pay to Mar-
tha Brooks, widow of Hon. Preston S. Brook*, deceased,
whatever sum was due to said decedent as a member of
this House at the time of his death.
AZAHEL BUSH.
Mr. PERRY, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a joint resolution authorizing the
accounting officers of the Treasury to allow and
audit the account of Azahel Bush, territorial
printer for Oregon, for printing the statutes of
Oregon of 1853 and 1854; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. PERRY called for the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. That resolution makes an appro-
priation, and the rules of the House require that
it shall be first considered in the Committee of the
Whole, f move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the res-
olution does make an appropriation, and it speci-
fies the fund out of which it shall be paid.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
ADDITIONAL CLERKS TO THE LEGISLATURE
OF WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. PERRY, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill (H. R. No. 699) to extend the
provisions of the act entitled "An act to amend
an act entitled ' An aet to establish the territorial
government of Oregon, and an act to establish the
territorial government of Minnesota,' "to the Ter-
ritory of Washington, and demanded the previous
question.
The bill extends to the Territory of Washing-
ton the provisions of tjie above entitled act, so
far as relates to the employment of an additional
clerk to each branch of the Territorial Legislature
thereof.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed apd read a third time; being engrossed,
the bill was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. PERRY moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SURVEYOR GENERAL OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported back a bill (II. R. No. G44)
to create the office of surveyor general of public
lands in Minnesota Territory, with a recommend-
ation that it do pass
Mr. HARLAN. I move to put the bill upon
its passage,and upon that I demand the previous
question. I ask, however, that a communication
from the Commissioner of the General Land Office
be read.
Mr. THORINGTON. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio, before demanding the previous ques-
tion, to permit me to make a statement to the
House.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw the call for the
previous question for the purpose of having the
letter read. I have no objection to hearing the
explanation of the gentleman from Iowa, if he
desires to make it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is impossible
that we can understand these bills by hearing
them read at the Clerk's desk, or by hearing the
communications read. I do not see the necessity
for a suiveyorgcnoral in Minnesota.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. The
previous question was withdrawn for the purpose
of having the communication read, and I insist
that debate is not in order. The communication
only can be read.
'I he SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ohio
claims the floor, and desires to have the commu-
nication read as a part of his remarks, he is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And all these bills
are to be passed under the previous question,
without anybody knowing anything about them
except the Committee on Public Lands.
The communication was then read, as follows:
General Land Office, January, 1857.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
communication of the 17th mutant, referring to a hill you
have introduced for the creation of a separate smveying
district for the Minnesota Territory, and stating that you
are " anxious to be able to lay before the House all inform-
ation you can obtain relative to bills for Minnesota, in hopes
thereby of saving time winch would otherwise be consumed-
in debate;" that, "having this m view," you *'ask the
opinion of the Department in detail as to the propriety of
establishing the said office of surveyor general in Minne-
sota," and to be informed as to the "extra expense to the
General Government; it any, how much.
In reply, I beg leave to refer to my previous communica-
tion, based upon your call and representations heretofore,
and inclose punted sketches showing the progress of the
public surveys in the States of Iowa and Wisconsin, and
the Territory of Minnesota, which constitute the present
surveying district, the office tor which is at Dubuque. The
blue hues include the surveys, so far as they have been
reported to this office, ft will be observed that the State
of Iowa has but a small interest in surveys yet to be made,
and that more than half the surveys m Wisconsin aie com-
pleted,. whilst but a small portion of the public lands in
Minnesota aie surveyed compared with the entire area of
the piesent Territory. Existing laws recognize pieempuon
claims upon unsurveyed lands in that Territory, but provide
no remedy in cat.es of settlements on the school sections,
which are discovered as the surveys advance. This con-
dition of the law makes u very important that the surveys
should, if possible, go in advancc of the settlements, to
accomplish which, with the present large emigration info
that Termor}*, great energy and constant attention are re-
quired on the part of the surveyor general's office. The
present office is distant from the field work in Minnesota,
and its attention is divided by work in other quarters. I
am satisfied that the public interest would be subserved by
the establishment of an offi e within that Teiritory, de-
voting its entire energies to that large and important field
of operations.
The cost of the proposed office to the Government, in
surveyor general's and clcrks' salaries, and incidental ex-
penses, would be about four thousand three hundred dollars
|, annually ; but it is propei to add, that about one third that
sum will be saved by the reduction that may be made m
the clerical force of the Dubuque office, m consequence of
the reduction in its labors. It is also behoved that a saving
may be made in the cost of the field work, bv avoiding the
necessity of travel on the part of deputies to a distant office,
or from the vicinity of the office to the field of opeiations.
I am, veiy respectfully, your obedient servant,
THOS. A. HENDRICKS, Commissioner.
Hon. H. M. Rice, House of Representatives.
Mr. HARLAN moved the previous question.
Mr. THORINGTON. I ask to have certain
communications read for the information of the
House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object to having
any more communications read. They are of no
use.
Mr. THORINGTON. I am opposed to the
passage of this bill; and I desire that certain
official papers, addressed to the Hon. W. R. W.
Cobb, from the Commissioner of the General
Land Office, on this subject may be read. The
passage of this bill is not called for at this time,
the interest of the country not needing it, the
office at Dubuque answering all the demands of
the Government. I hope also the Delegate from
Minnesota will have an opportunity of stating to
this House the favor this bill receives from citi-
zens of Dubuque, and the zeal exhibited by prom- "
inent individuals from that town to bring about a
division of this surveyor general's land district,
or, in other words, the destruction of the patron-
age of the Dubuque office.
Mr. GROW called for tellers on seconding the
previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Pelton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 92, noes 27.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. THORINGTON. I move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The main question was ordered; and under
the operation of the previous question, the bill
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, it was accordingly
read the third time.
Mr. MACE moved the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsidcr
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN KANSAS.
Mr. GROW, fiom the Committee on Terri-
tories, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, a bill (H. R. No. 701) making
appropriations for public build-ings in the Terri-
tory of Kansas; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
and, with the report, ordered to be printed.
PROPERTY DESTROYED IN KANSAS.
Mr. GROW, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, reported a bill to authorize the payment for
property taken or destroyed in the Territory of
Kansas under authority of law, or under color of
law; which was read a first and second time.
The bill enacts that, in the case of property
taken or destroyed in the Territory of Kansas by
any officer of the Federal or Territorial Govern-
ment, acting or claiming to act in an official ca-
pacity, or by any person or posse acting under
authority or such officer, or any property taken
or destroyed under authority of law or color of
law, the owner of such property shall be paid the
value thereof, with such damages as he or she^
may have sustained by reason of such seizure or*
destruction.
The second section enacts that the loss or de-
struction as aforesaid, as well as the value of such
property, and the damage sustained thereby, shall
be ascertained by the best evidence which the
nature of the case will admit of, and which may
be in the power of the party to produce; and the
amount thereof, when established and ascertained
according to the provisions of the act, shall be
paid to the sufferer or sufferers out of the Treasury
of the United States.
The third section appoints, for the most speedy
