THE CONGRESSIONAL GLiiE.
execution of the provisions of the act, jfche Hon.
Abraham Lincoln, of Illinois, a commissioner,
whose duty it shall be to decide upon all cases
arising under this act, Such,commissioner shall
receive as compensation for his services at the '
rate of ten dollars per day, and actual expenses
from the time he leaves home, for the time he
shall be actually employed.
The fourth section specifies the oath of office
under which the commissioner shall act, and au-
thorizes him to appoint two clerks and one ser-
geant-at-arms at a compensation of five dollars per
day, and actual expenses.
The fifth section enacts that in all adjudications
of the said^ommissioner upon the claims above-
mentioned, whethersuch judgment be in favor of,
or adverse to the claim of the applicant, the same
shall be entered by his clerk in a book to be pro-
vided for that purpose, a copy of which, together
with the evidence taken in each case, as soon as
the same shall be completed, shall be transmitted
to each House of Congress, to be acted on in the
same manner as the adjudications of the Court of
Claims are now acted on.
Mr. BOYCE. I rise to a question of order. I
think it was the understanding of the House,on
^the statement made the other day by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, that on this day there
should not be brought up any business of a con-
troversial character. This bill is surely contrary
to that agreement, and I hope the gentleman will
withdraw it.
Mr. GROW. My statement made the other
day was, that no bills should be brought in on
this day which involved the slavery question.
This bill does not involve thatquestion. It sim-
ply provides for the creation or a commission to
take evidence relative to property destroyed in
Kansas by an officer of this Government, or by
any person claiming to act under the authority
and color of law. The commissioner to be ap-
pointed, it is provided, shall repoit the evidence
thatshall be taken to this House. The House is
to act on it then just as it does on the reports from
the Court of Claims. The report is not to be
final. No action of the commissioner binds the
House. The commissioner is only a commis-
sioner to take testimony. It is not necessary that
I should go into the history of the causcs for this
proceeding. Everybody knows that the marshal
of Kansas, acting under the authority of this
Government, went to Lawrence, and destroyed
printing presses and other private property. We
only ask that the evidence of the destruction of
this property—property destroyed while a strange
and peculiar condition of affairs existed in tuat
Territory, shall be reported to this Houae as tfhsis
for its futuro action in the matter—as material on
' which the House can fairly decide on the claims
that may ho presented for payment for the prop-
erty thus destroyed.
Mr. LETCHER. I notice by the terms of this
bill that the parties who claim damages for prop-
erty destroyed are not to be required to establish
their claim by legal testimony, but they are to
establish it by such testimony as they can get.
This, indeed, seems to be a very remarkable pro-
vision.
Mr. GROW. The commissioner is to fix the
rule for the presentation of this testimon y. When
"" the evidence is collected, he is to report it to this
House, and we are to act on it.
Mr. LETCHER. I understand all that. But
here is the difficulty with me. If the House, by
the passage of a bill of this sort, recognizes the
right of the commissioner to receive other than
proper and legitimate testimony in these claims,
there may arise precisely the same trouble that
has grown out ot the reports from the Court of
Claims.
We know the controversy that is now going
* on with regard to these reports, in which one
party in this House insists that the action of the
Court of Claims is final, and that no action on
the part of the committees of this body, or the
other branch of Congress, is to be taken in oppo-
sition to the judgments of that court. Now, in
£he present case, the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania makes his bill analogous to that. The judg-
ment of .this commissioner is to he reported here
as the judgment of the judges of the Court of
Claims arc to be.offered.to this House, and then
the House is to act on it. Does he not see at
once that, whenever that report comes in, when
these claims shall come up for action, if they are
reported on favorably, as has been the case with
many coming from the Court of Claims, we will
have for the consideration of this House, not the
merits of these claims, but the binding character
and obligation of the decision which has been
made by the commissioner? ^
Mr, COBB, of Alabama. If I heard the bill
correctly, it makes an appropriation, and there-
fore must have its first consideration in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The bill was again reported.
The SPEAKER, The Chair is under the im-
pression that the bill does contain an appropria-
tion.
Mr. GROW. The bill provides that these
claims shall be paid according to the provisions
"of this act." Those provisions are, that this
commissioner is to take this testimony; that this
testimony is to be reported to the House; and that
this House is to acton the testimony before these
claims can be paid. There is no more of an ap-
propriation in this bill than in a repoit of the
Court of Claims.
The SPEAKER. The bill does not fix a sum
to be appropriated; but it authorizes the payment
of these claims when decided on favorably, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. GROW. I move, then, that the bill be
amended by striking out that provision.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That cannot be
done.
Mr. HAVEN. If this bill is to be acted on
now, and not referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, I have a word
to say. The first section seems to me to be alto-
gether out of joint. It provides for the payment
for property destroyed under color of law, and
with jw<t authority of law. It is altogether out of
joint to say we should pay for property destroyed
by authority of law. It should be by color of
law, but without the authority of law.
Mr. GROW. 1 move that the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HERBERT. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
taken on the motion of the gentleman from Ala-
bama.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the bill is recom-
mitted to the Committee on Territories, they must
report it back, and moving to strike that out
would not take it from under the operation of the
rule. It must have its first consideration in the
Committee of the Whole.
The previous question was then seconded; and
the mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If the bill is not com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole, or to the
CommitteeonTerritories, does the previous ques-
tion bring the bill up now?
Mr. HOUSTON, I rise to another point of
order. 'Under the rules of the House, without a
motion, the bill is bound to go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and theie-
fore the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
inasmuch as the bill proposes to make an appro-
priation, it must be first considered in Committee
of the Whole; and the motion to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Territories is a motion
to consider the same before the House. Both
motions to commit arc motions for consideration.
Mr. GROW. Then let the bill go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. It must go there by the
rule, and it is so referred.
Mr. GROW. As there are no other bills to be
reported, I move that the rules be suspended, and
that the House resolve itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. 1 have a report relating
to territorial business which I desire to make.
Mr, GROW. Then I withdraw my motion.
SURVEYORS IN WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, from- the Committee on
Public Lands, reported a bill to authorize aug-
mented rates forsurveying the public lands in the
Territory of Washington; which was readafirst
and second time. . '
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask that a letterifeqm
the Commissioner of the Genera,! Land Office,
relating to this subject, may be read.
The communication was read, as follows:
General Land Office, January 31, J857.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 9 ith instant, inclosing a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Washington Territory to Congress, " praying for
an increase of the prices allowed per mile lor sui ve'yuig the
public lands of Washington Territory," the purport of which
is that the present prices authored by law arc inadequate,
owing chiefly to the high price oflabor, tin1 difficult features
of the comtuy to be surveyed, the losses sustained on pre-*
vious contracts by deputy surveyors in the region* of the
country much more favorable than those left unsurveyed,
and that unless the priee of twelve dollars per mile for sur-
veying township and section lines is increased to twentv
dollais, and that of twenty dollars and twenty-five dollars
per imic for base, meridian, and standard parallels to thirty
dollars per mile, the surveys in Washington Territory can-
not be prosecuted Also, praying that provision be made
tor the indemnification ofthe losses sustained by the United
States deputy surveyois under their contracts undertaken
at the present rates per mile.
in reply to youi icquest for my opinion as to the pro-
priety of the contemplated measuie, and if it is deemed
indispensable to inclose you a diaft of a bill for that pur-
pose, I have the honor to .state that the inadequacy of the
existing per mileage for surveys in Washington Territory
has been the subject of repeated representations to this
ofiice by the surveyor general of that district, who, in fiis
last annual report, urges the increase of it from twenty-five
to Unity per cent, on the existing rates as indispensable for
the reasons theiein assigned, and which increase is equiva-
lent to twenty-eight dollars per mile for base, meridian, and
standatd parallel lines, and seventeen dollars per mile for
subdivision!! and meander lines.
From the lepott oi the surveyor general, as aforesaid, it
appeals that within the scope ofthe surveying district, lim-
ited on the east by the Cascade Mountains, and on the we>t
by the Pacific Ocean and l'ugot Sound, the public lands oj
easy cri.reu- have been already sutveyed at the present rates,
and with lo^se* on the pail of deputy surveyors*; that in
ouler to extend the surveys I'm tlier north, on* both >idef of
Puget Round, m the localities picsentmg difficulties of gieat
moment on account of immense umieeayed trunks of prog
trated flis a<id cedais, and of dense forests, rendering the
supply of ptovjMoiiM piuctieable on the back** of men only;
and thereiore this ofiice, with the view to encouraging the
settlements winch are being made in those remote regions
ofthe countiy, and to insure adequate remuneration to the
suiveyors who ri-ik their costly outfit and their live* in ex-
ploring and bringing to the notice of the Government the
resources and capabilities of hitherto iinvisited public do-
main, would suggest the propriety of increasing the rates as
recommended bv the surveyor general; and in accordance
with your det-ire I herewith inclose you a draft of a bill
for tfiat purpose, foi such u&e a& y ou deem it proper to make
of it.
The petition of the Legislature of Washington Territory
is herewith icspectfully returned.
I have the honoi to be, verv respectfully, youi obedient
servant, THOMAS 4. HENDRfOKS,
Commissioner.
Ron. D. S. Walbridge, House of Representatives.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move the previous
question on ordering the bill to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
from Michigan to give me just five minutes to
make some remarks, and I will renew the call for
the previous question.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I am not disposed to
take up the time of the House with this bill, and
I must decline to withdraw my motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then 1 hope the
House will not sustain the previous question.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I ask for tellers upon
seconding the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan and
Zollicoffer were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 78, noes 40; the Speaker voting in the affirm-
ative.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. Does not the bill make an appropria-
tion ? It determines that this increased pay shall
be paid out of an appropiiation,and this is in fact
an appropriation of money.
The SPEAKER. It provides for a sum of
money to be paid out of an appropriation for that
purpose. The bill, as the Chair understands it,
has only the effect of increasing* the salaries. _
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The appropriation
is undoubtedly increased.
The SPEAKER. But the money has been
already appropriated for the purposes ofthe bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. _ 13 it m order to inquire
how much is now paid for these surveys?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot answer
that question.
