012
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs, Puryear j
Herbert were appointed. 1
The House divided; and tlie tellers reported— j
ayes 109, noes 12. j
UM60JV ROAD TO CALIFORNIA AGAIN. j
So the motion was agreed to; and the House !
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Stan- j
ton in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the special order—the bill immediately under
consideration being bill No. 710.
Mr. GROW. I accept the amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What amend-;
mentis that? !
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman fiom Vir-
ginia offered an amendment to the substitute re-
ported by the Committee on Territories, which
is accepted by the chairman of the committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How can he ac-
cent it?
Mr. GROW. I offered the substitute myself.
I did not report it from the Committee on Terri-
tories. I accept the amendment of the gentleman
fj om Virginia.
Mr. OTERO. I offer the following amendment;
Sec. 3. Jhnl be it farther cnacted, That the ?um of §50.1)00
be, and the >nme is hereby, impropriated out or any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appiopnated, for the con-
struction of a wilson road from Fort Defiance, in the Tern
toiy of Nfevv Muaioo, to the Colotado uvrr, m;aj the mouth
of the Mohava nvcr.
There is no territorial Delegate in this House
more indisposed to occupy the time of this body
than I am. A great many members have been
already urging me not to introduce this amend-
ment; but 1 do so because I consider it a just and
fair measure. The road for which I ask this
appropriation will go through the very center and
heart of the United States. All that is asked for
is $50,000, as an estimate of the expense has
already been made by Lieutenant Woodruff, who
says that the work will not require a larger sum,
There is already a wagon road from independ-
ence, Missouri, to Fort Defiance—n commercial
wagon road, by which we, the New Mexicans,
get all our trade. We want now to be able to
extend our commerce a little further, and to get
into connection with California. I think that this
is as important a proposition as any that has been
made.
Mr. IvENNCTT. I hope that the proposition
of the Dde<rate from New Mexico will prevail.
The amount asked for is very small; and there is
veiy little doubt that the building of this road will
be of great benefit to tin- country.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordi red; and Messis. Florence
and Morgan' were appointed.
The question was taken; and the idlers reported
—ayes 73, noes ,ii.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WALBRIDUE. I offer (he following'
amendment:
Skc.4. -Smi he if further enacted, That the sum of.^SOO.OCO
be, and ihy ,-ame i 3 hcicby, appiopuated, out of any money
in the Treasuiy not otherwise appiopmted, to construct
a wut,?0h road from the head of Lake Wupeuor to Puiiet
Sound.
Mr. Chairman, I was content to take the bill as
reported from the Committee on Territories, which
provided for the constiucuon of orie wagon road
across the continent towards California. I care
notwhetner that road io north of 36° 30' or south
of il; whether it starts and runs in slave territory
or free ternfoiy; 1 care not for this. I was will-
ing to vote for the appropriation asked, and lam
willing to do so now.
If, however, we cannot carry a road through
the ccntral portion of the country without hitching
on to it two southern roads, then I propose to put
on at i'.'iifct one noi thern road. 1 think my amend-
ment pi uvides for a& meritorious a road as either
of those two. it is as right and proper that it
should he* constructed. 1 hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. PUELPS. I do not rise to oppose the
gentleman's aniendmcm; 1 only wish to correct
a statement he lias mode. He says there are two
southern roads attached to this hill. The amend-
ment of the g-nulerrmn from New Mexico [Mr.
Otero] provides for the construction of a road,
comparatively short, in connection with the
others, and it is altogether local in its character,
and much needed by the people of New Mexico, j
It is to run between the head waters of a tributary ;
of the Colorado and the Colorado itself. It can- j
not therefore be classified as the gentleman from i
Michigan has classified it. ft is important to the r
people of New Mexico that this road should be .
constructed, to open up a trade between them and ;
the people of California. :
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Does not my amendment
provide for the construction of a local road of a
like nature? Is it not just as much needed by'
the people of Washington Territory and those
at the head of Lake Superior? :
Mr. PHELPS. I did not rise to oppose the |
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan, but 1
merely to correct a misapprehension he fell into.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Is the load provided
for by the gentleman's amendment, asked for by ,
either the people or Delegate of Washington •
Mr°WALBPJDGE cnliKl for tellers on his ,
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright,
of Tennessee, and Sapp were appointed. ;
The question was taken; and the tellers re- !
ported—ayes 36, noes 87. j
So the amendment was not agreed to. {
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to strike j
out from the bill " §300,000-" The effect of my
amendment, if adopted loy the committee, would !
be to defeat this appropriation. I do not hope to .
effect that, but I make this motion to enable me j
here to enter my protest against all this doctrine !
of, and all these schemes of legislation for, J
making territoual, State, military, or any other j
roads, by the Government. My opinion is, that j
there is no authority or warrant in the Constitu- |
tion of my country to justify the appropriations ;
which are being voted by tins committee, for the 1
puipose of constructing roads. I entirely rcpu- ;
diate the doctrine, comc from what quarter it
may, that the Government, under the military
power, has the right to construct military roads
which may never be wanted during the existence
of the Government.
It was for the purpose of enabling me to state
my position in reference to these roads, that I
made my motion to amend. And is there a gen-
tleman here now who has taken the position that
these aiu merely local territorial roads 5 They
are advocating, upon the ground of nationality,
as gentlemen call it, these roads for connecting
the States of the east with the States upon the
western orrnn. Upon whnt authority we have a
right to make a road in a Territory any more
than we have in a State, I know not. It was
once the position of the party with which I act7,
to repudiate all this doctrine of a right to make
national roads by the Government of the United
States, by means of appropriations out of the
Ti easury.
Mr. HAVEN. I do not rise to debate this
motion of the gentleman from Tennessee. I was
aware of the views which my friend entertains
upon this subject. He has always been consist-
ent m regard to them, and I respect a man who
knows precisely the opinions which he enter-
tains—who frankly avows them, and then stands
up to them in a way that shows he intends to
maintain them.
Cut the history of this Government from its
earliest times—from its foundation until now, as
I read it.—shows that every Administration lias
rccognized the propriety—the necessity of making
roads for various purposes, both of war and of
peace, for the transportation of men and muni-
tions of war, for the transportation of supplies,
for the transportation of dispatches, and also for
the transportation of the mails. Indeed, sir, I
am not quite sure but upon principle an inge-
nious man might construct an argument showing
the power to construct these roads constitution-
ally under the clause authorizing Congress to
i{ coi)i money.*' I heard it sugg^f-ted the other
day, that the power to coin money cannot be
exercised unless we have the metals to ^oin; and
how can you get the dust from the Pjcific coast
over her>: unites you have a r«vd to transport it
upon ? 1 i
But, to be serious, sufric/* it to say, the his^ry
of the Government is full of transactions of this
kind—the power is exercised a>mostda;!y. Why, .
sir, my friend should be cautious on this ppint: j
he must not forget that his candidate for the i
Presidency at the late election, and who is the
incoming President, has declared in favor of the
principle; and he would not even stop at a wagon,
road, the old-fashioned mode of travel and trans-
portation, but would make a railroad to the Pa-
cific, with grants of alternate sections of the
public lands, and for aught I know, alternate
sections in the public Treasury, to complete it.
Suffice it to say, that we who are in favor of these
wagon roads feel that we are simply acting upon
a very restricted scale as to the constitutional
power. We feel that it is a less expenditure to
make these wagon roads than it hasj)een to make
surveys of railroads, and publish ®m with the
drawings and engravings connected with them,
as we have done during a Congress that has
passed.
These roads are necessary. Within the last
two years we have paid here, by way of extra
compensation to the mail carriers between the
Missouri river and California, an amount almost
equal to what is proposed in this bill for con-
structing these roads. Why, as I understand it,
gentlemen here in favor of this-bill do not desire
a lavish or indiscreet expenditure for this pur-
pose. They do not wish to carry it to excess,
but to keep within very moderate and reasonable
limits. 1 prefer to confine it to a single road. I
wish to try the experiment on one; but if it is the
sense of this House to pass this bill, including
the two roads, in good faith, I will meet them at
that point. Yet I wish to admonish the commit-
tee, that this bill has all it can carry, and I think
we had better go with it into the House as it is,
and take the question there, without any further
additions or amendments. I think it now fair and
liberal and justto both sections of the country. My
opinion is, that the good, frank, practical sense
of the community will approve of this measure.
I think that there are many, very many wise
men in the country who will say, " Let us have
this, at least, as a test to show whether there is
a practical route for other or different modes of
communication between us and the Pacific." I
will say no more about it. I am in favor of one
good road—at least, one trial of the wagon road;
and I want to vote for this bill now. I only re-
gret I could not have had the opportunity five
years ago.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers on Mr.
Jones's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millsok
and De Witt were appointed.
Mr. MORRIImL. I submit the question of
order, that this section has been considered in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and passed upon, and that it is not now
in order for the gentleman from Tennessee to go
back to move to amend it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is of opinion
that the point of order is not well taken, because
the substitute is still under consideration.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 26, noes 99.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was first taken on the amendment
to the bill recommended by the Committee on
Territories, to strike out the words " and fifty,"
so as to make it appropriate $200,000; and it was
agreed to.
The question was then t^ken on the substitute
•rs amended; and it was agreed to.
Mr. GROW. I hope the committee will now
take up and dispose of a bill (H. R. No. 752) to
establish a separate judicial district south of the
Gila, and to create the office of surveyor general
therein; to provide for the adjudication of certain
land claims; to grant donations to actual settlers;
to survey cei tain lands; to piovide for the repre-
sentation of the inhabitants of the Gadsden pur-
chase in the Territorial Legislature of New Mex-
ico, and for other purposes.
Here are a people taken from Mexico five hun-
dred miles from court and eight hundred miles
from any land oifice. Something should be done
for them. The bill will take but a few moments;
and I hope it will be laid aside to be reported Io
the House, with the recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. PHELPS.
I must object to that. This
