THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
ing for a great while in this or the other branch
of Congress. I think it was in 1833 that Mr.
Hussey applied for and obtained his patent for a
grain reaper, a very valuable maehinc to the agri-
cultural interests of the country. His patent ex-
pired in 1847. Some time before the expiration of
the patent, perhaps a year or two, he called upon
the Commissioner of Patents, and conversed with
him on the subject of an application for an exten-
sion of his patent. It was stated, during the dis-
cussion which took place here at the last session,
that he was advised by the then Commissioner of
Patents not to make his application at that time;
that indeed it was too soon to make the applica-
tion, because it was necessary for the Commis-
sioner, before he could determine on the applica-
tionforan extension, to consider what his profits
had been; and as this could not be ascertained
until about the period of the termination of his
patent, it would be wrong to determine the ques-
tion then. It seemed to be doubted at the last
session of Congress whether any such conversa-
tion had ever taken place. I remember this fact
was questioned by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull.] I assured the Senator then that I
had been in the possession of evidence to show
that fact, but I could not at that time lay my
hands on it. I have it now, as I believe, in the
handwriting of Mr. Ellsworth, and I will read it
to the Senate. It is a letter addressed to Obed
Hussey by Henry L. Ellsworth, a former Com-
missioner of Patents. He says:
"La Fayette, Indiana, July 3,1854.
"Dear Sir : Your letter of some weeks since, referring
to a conversation F had with you while I was Commis-
sioner of Patents, relative to the extension of yoar patent
for a reaper, would have been answered earlier but tor ab-
sence and extreme pressure ol business. If my recollection
will aid you, 1 will most cheerfully state, that betoie your
patent expired you consulted me as lothe extension of the
tame. 1 replied that it was better to postpone an applica-
tion until near the time the patent would run out, lor the
ntficn must estimate the profits of the invention dunng the
whole term, and you accordingly postponed it. I regret you
postponed too long."
This is as much of the letter as it is necessary
to read. It has been said that the iaw required a
notice of sixty days, but that is a mistake. This
application was made in December, 184". The
law of 1848, it is true, required a notice of sixty
days; hutthe law existing at the time of the appli-
cation for this extension of the patent required
" a reasonable notice," and the Commissioner of
Patents, in the exercise of his discretion, determ-
ined that twenty-one days was a reasonable
noticc. Of that fact Mr. Hussey, as he avers,
had no knowledge. I have before me a copy of
the mles of the PatentOftice, made up during the
time of Mr. Burke, and signed by him, which I
have looked over carefully and repeatedly, but I
do not find any rule prescribing any time within
which the application should be made, or the
notice given. These are, in short, the facts which
seemed to be questioned last year, but which can,
I trust, be questioned 410 longer.
Mr. Hussey was advised by* Mr. Burke, the
• Commissioner of Patents at the time he made his
last application for an extension, that it could not
be granted to him, and that his only remedy was
before Congress. He came to Congress at the
next session, in 1848, and from that time to this
has persistently pressed his claim. Repeated
reports have been made in his favor: I have on
my desk now three made within the last six years.
The merit of his invention cannot be doubted. I
think it can be as little doubted that he has made
no sufficient sum of money.
I have before me two papers—one sjiowing
what the profits of his manufacture of tins ma-
chine have been for a series of years, and the
other showing the number of machines that he
made from 1833 to 1847, when his patent expired.
The whole number of machines made by him up
to that time was two hundred and ninety-six,
being an average of twenty-one per year. In the
years 1848, 1849, 1850, 1851, 1852, and 1853, he
made a great many more machines—sixty-six in
1848; sixty in the next year; one hundred and
"fourteen in 1850; two hundred and fifteen in 1851;
:two hundred and thirty-nine m 1852; and three
hundred and fifteen in 1853. This statement is
taken from his books by Mr. Edward Stabler, of
Montgomery county, Maiyland, a man of integ-
rity, better acquainted with this subject than any-
body I know of, and of a character for which I
will vouch. I have no doubt of its correctness.
The Senatorfrom Tennessee [Mr. Jones] is under
the impression that Mr. Hussey made many more
machines than this number. ■ It is true, he made
more in one, or perhaps two years, but not a great
many more. He was called up before a commis-
sion in the Patent Office, and questioned, without
any preparation or rocourse to his books, as to
the number of machines he had made; and he
gave a statement to the best of his recollection,
and I think rather over-stated his case.
Now, as to the profit of his work, I have an-
other statement, taken from his books by Mr.
Clark, from which it appears that in 1850, three
years after the expiration of his patent, he was
worth $5,000, which will hardly be deemed, I ap-
prehend, anything like an adequate remuneration
for the value of his invention. The profits of the
machines made by him in 1851 were $5,600; in
1852, $7,050; in 1853, §6,900; in 1854, $11,700; in
1855, $8,500. In 1856heactuallyincurredalossof
$3,000. Tile entire profits, then, of the whole busi-
ness, from a period subsequent to the expiration
of his patent, down to the present time, are about
$35,000, out of which however, in considering
how far it is a proper remuneration, you should
deduct the whole expenses of living; and if you
put them at §2,000 a year, you would have his
profits at about $20,000. Most of the inventors
of reaping machines count their profits by hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars; this man counts
his only by two tens; and it is well known by
those who are familiar with him—and I think I
may say it is within my own knowledge — that
of this sum he has realized scarcely half. I be-
lieve almost the whole of his property now con-
sists of the building which he has erected on
leased premises for the purpose of carrying on |
this business. It seems to me, therefore, it can-
not be questioned that he has not been adequately
remunerated for an invention of such great im-
portance, not only to the agricultural interest but
to the whole country.
When this bill was up at the last session there
seemed to be such a disinclination 011 the part of
the Senate to grant extensions of patents directly
by act of Congress, that I thought it was better
to yield to the evident sentiment of the body, and
propose an amendment. I took, therefore, the
form of a bill prepared by some other gentleman,
perhaps by the Senator from Michigan, [Mr.
Stuart,] in the case of McCormick, varying it
only by changing the names and dates as might
be necessary. I propose, in the amendment, to
refer this question to the Commissioner of the
Patent Office, to authorize him to inquire into the
whole subject—the merits of the invention, the
profits of the inventor, and all the circumstances
which, upon any occasion, are taken into view by
the Commissioner of Patents upon an application
for a renewal. I thought, at all events, as I con-
curred with a great majority of the Senate in the
belief that this is not a body suitable to the de-
termination of such questions, it was better so to
refer it to the Commissioner of Patents, where all
persons interested could come in and make objec-
tions and produce proof—not merely ex parte evi-
dence, buttestimony taken under authorized com-
missions, and subject to cross-examination. I
had great confidence in the intelligence and integ-
rity of the Commissioner of Patents. 1 had no
doubt that he would decide this case as it should
be decided; and I was therefore willing that it
should be referred to him under the limitations
of the amendment which the Senate have heard
rend. But the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Brown] has offered an amendment to the amend-
ment. He proposes to unite another patentee,
who has a claim of his own, for an examination
of his own patent; and to this I make objection.
It seems to me entirely wrong to unite these two
men in the same bill. Their cases are entirely
different; their claims originate under different
circumstances. There was no mistake as to time,
no misleading of Mr. McCormick in relation to
his application for a renewal, which constitutes a
very important fact in the case of Mr. Hussey,
and discriminates the one case from the other.
Then I do not know what the facts are, but the
common reputation is, that Mr. McCormick is a
man of very large fortune; while the reputation
and the fact are, that Mr. Hussey is not a man of
fortune.
There is another.very important distinction.
The case of Mr. McCormick was twice before
the Senate at the last session, twice voted upon
on the passage of the bill. It was rejected the
first time, reconsidered, and again rejected. The
claim of Mr. Hussey has never been rejected.
His bill has been passed by the Senate. It seem ">
to me to be wrong to link the bill which "hereto
fore met the favorable consideration of the Sen
ate, with another which was rejected twice at th'
last session of Congress.
I shall not detain the Senate with any furthe*
remarks at present, except to say, that if the Sen-
ate determine under the circumstances to renew
a patent, either by their direct action, or by ref-
erence of the subject to the Commissioner of
Patents for full examination, for the admission of
every fact in support or opposition which can be
i made or presented, this is a case in which they
! should exercise their power. I admit that Con-
j gross is very apt to be mistaken;and by personal
influences, by fortunate circumstances, by the
1 favor of particular members of this body ob-
tained in a thousand ways, but not always to be
obtained by a plain, blunt man like Mr. Hussey,
bills of this description may be got through the
Senate which ought not to pass. But there is no
such risk in the course I propose. We refer it
to a competent officer of unquestioned integrity
I and capacity; and we refer it to him with all the
| aids which the opponents can have of counsel and
j witnesses, of testimony, and of every form of
' objection. I think that, unless the Senate is de-
i terminedit never will act on the renewal of patents,
j this is a measure to which it may well give its
i assent.
I Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It will be remem-
bered by the Senate, Mr. President, that this
question was very fully debated at the last ses-
sion of Congress. The application of Mr. Mc-
Cormick was before the Senate for an extension
of his patent, or rather for a reference of, that
point to the Commissioner precisely on the same
terms, word for word, as proposed in this case by
the amendment of the Senator from Maryland.
I had hoped that after that debate, and after the
very decisive vote which was taken on that appli-
cation of Mr. McCormick, we sh'ould have had
an end of this batch of applicants for extensions
of patents for reaping machines; for Mr. McCor-
mick is only one of the number; and there are
others beside Mr. Hussey, and I do not see where
we are to get to the end of this matter. There
is a principle involved in it; and I suppose the
Senate, in the case of McCormick, acted on that
principle. It is to that I look. As to the poverty
or wealth of McCormick, or Hussey, they are
questions with which you have nothing to do—
about which I know nothing, except as rumor
gives me information, or as I may hear it on the
streets. The only point practically for the Senate
to decide, it seems to me, is, whether it is their
duty to interpose and make a new law upon the
subject of patents—not a general law, but a new
law—for the special benefit of one or two individ-
uals.
The law as it exists gives a man a patent and
the exclusive use and benefit of it for fourteen
years; and then provides that if, at the end of
fourteen years, he shall be able to satisfy the Com-
missioner of Patents that he has not derived as
much benefit from the invention as he ought to
have derived from it, on account of causes not
affecting his honor or integrity, or his fair effort
to do it, it is made the duty of the Commissioner,
or formerly of the board of extension, to give
him an extension of his patent for seven years.
Is not that liberal? Is it not just? Does not
every inventor in the land know what the law is
on the subject ? It is presumed that he does know
it, and must know it, because it is his interest to
know it, and because he is brought in direct con-
tact with the law when he calls and obtains his
patent.
Mr, McCormick made his application for an
j extension of his patent. The Se ate tried that
;j case, and decided against him; and here is a
j! renewal of that application by the amendment of
j the Senator from Mississippi. I think there is
! just as much justice in inserting the name of Mr.
McCormick, as in passing the bill exclusively for
the benefit of Mr. Hussey; but I have not proof
that there is justice in either case. I wish to call
the attention of the Senate to a few facts, because
I do not mean to argue the question at length. I
I haveno interesting, directly or indirectly, outside
