1857.
T$m pomnmm&L
m
pass. It was found that the grain spmetimes
clogged up this apparatus, and the new patent is
for a cut in the upper part of this slotting-guard,
just a little piece cut out about the size of my
finder, which enables the grain, however, to fall
ou? more readily. That is the whole amount
of it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is exactly
what I wanted to get at. I knew it as well as my
friend from Maryland; and that little slot, which
did not cost Mr. Hussey one dollar, is to be the
basis on which every machine is to be built in
the next seven years, if you grant him an exten-
sion, because it is found by all reapers that that
little slot is essential to prevent the clogging, and
you might as well give him a general extension
as give him an extension on this point.
His general patent expired in 1847, and in that
very year he patented this little slot, or the cutter
of the slot—for that I believe is the technical
phrase—and that patent extends to 1861. He has
the benefit of that improvement, and all must use
it, no matter who makes the machine. It is his
own fault if those who use it do not pay for it.
I venture to say ther# is not a machine of this
kind made in the United States which has not
that improvement on it. He has it in his power,
as Mr. McCormick has, to charge for it. I do
not state it of my knowledge, but I am told that
McCormick is charging thirty dollars upon a
small improvement for every machine that is
made, because it is deemed to be necessary.
This improvement, too, is deemed to be essen-
tial, and Mr. Hussey may charge just what he
pleases for this little cutter to the slot, or else
lie will exclude it from use, and it is considered
very important in use. That ought to teach the
Senate the necessity of being guarded against
these extensions. How long are we to labor
under them? For more than thirty years, I be-
lieve, the patents for reaping machines have been
foing on, and every now and then some man who
as a patent makes an improvement, enters his
caveat, takes out a new patent, and that runs for
fourteen years more. By that time he takes out
another; and there is no end, until the final con-
summation of all human affairs, to these patents.
Why should we come here to legislate for the
benefit of these men when there is a general law
that they have the right to know? They ought
to conform to that general law, as we are required
to do. If they fail to do so, shall they come here
on a plea of technicality, or a plea of ignorance,
when they live within forty miles of the Patent
Office, and ask us to perpetuate this tax on the
country for an indefinite period of time?
Hussey's patent extends on the cutter to the
slot up to 1861. Is not that enough for him with
what he has already made? True, up to 1847,
he had made only a few^nachines; but according
to his own showing, and from his own books,
and the statement of the clerk, given by the Sen-
ator from Maryland, since that time he has made
a large number, and has drawn his patent fees
on all of them, and if he has nothing left in his
treasury, and has chosen to absorb his money m
some other invention or discovery oriraprovement
which may mure to his benefit and that of the
country, it is his business and not ours. I pro-
test against the extension of the patent. There
never has been but one patent since I have been
here which I thought ought to be extended. I
have never voted for one, and never expect to see
another ease of this kind presented for which I
shall vote.
Mr. PEARCE. A word more, and I promise
that I will not trouble the Senate again. The
Senator from Tennessee is zealous for the pro-
tection of the interests of the agriculturists of
the country. He is more anxious for 'their pro-
tection than they are themselves. They have no
apprehension of exorbitant extortions on them
by Mr. Hussey. I have before me a petition m
favor of their extension from very nearly a thou-
sand farmers of Maryland, of Delaware, of Vir-
ginia, andofNewYotk,and manyofthem known
to me, and their signatures known to me, as gen- j
tlemen largely engaged in the raising of wheat. I j
could name one who makes forty-thousand bush- I
els of wheat a year, and keeps a large number of |
these reapers in his fields, in my neighborhood, j
He recommends them. The agricultural interest I
does not ask the protection which the Senator
from Tennessee desires to force on them—at least i
these agriculturists do not, and I should suppose
thetri to be a fair sample of the clas.s.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. A thousand par-
ticular friends of Mr. Hussey may desire to see
it extended; but I have a great many more than
a thousand constituents who never saw Mr. Hus-
sey, and never signed any petition of his. In
the United States there are more than a hundred
thousand, and multiplied hundreds of thousands
interested in this question. That he may have a
thousand friends who would be willing to see
this benefit extended to him, is reasonable and
natural, and I can understand it; but that is no
reason why we should impose this burden on
others.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, it seems to me
we have to inquire, in voting on the proposition
now before tljo Senate, whether these patents
ought to be extended; and if, in the judgment of
the Senate, each patentee ought to have his patent
extended, I do not see the injustice or impropriety
which my colleague does in coupling the two
together. They are patents for the same char-
acter of machine; and if the Senate can be con-
vinced that each ought to be extended, it seems
to me there is q propriety in having both extended
by the same bill. The patent laws authorize the
granting of a patent for fourteen years, and gives
to a patentee, any time before the expiration of
the patent, the right to make an application for
a renewal for seven years longer. The Depart-
ment here establish a rule that this application
must be made sixty days prior to the expiration
of the patent. The law says, if the application
is made before the patent expires, it is in time.
The rule of the Department is, that it shall be
sixty days before the expiration of the patent.
In Mr. Hussey's case, as I understand, the
application'was made according to the provision
of the law before the patent expired, but was not
made sixty days piiorto the expiration of the
patent. The consideration of his case by the
Patent Office on its merits was excluded, because
under tlio rule of that office the application was
not made sixty days before the patent expired,
although it was made ill conformity witli the law
before the patentexpired. Itappears to mc there-
fore that this patentee has a right to have his claim
examined, as it would have been examined under
the original law, if the Patent Office had not de-
termined not to consider it on its merits, because
the application was not made within the time pre-
scribed by the rule of the Department. I there-
fore agree that this patentee ought to have his
right of extension examined on us merits.
Now, with reference to Mr. McCormick's case,
if I understand it correctly, he made an applica-
tion sixty days before the expiration of his pat-
ent. He made it not only in conformity with the
patent law, but with the rule of the PatentOllice;
but the merits of his application were not consid-
ered bythe Department,as certified by Mr. Burke
the Commissioner, because the proofs by which
he offered to substantiate his right to the exten-
sion of Ills patent were not properly certified.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to explain how that matter was?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have been over that
point several times, and I believe I understand it.
Mr. McCormick made his application in due sea-
son, but owing to some defect in the testimony,
was ordered to take it over again.
Mr'. PRATT. A defect arising from the man-
ner in which it was certified?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir. He took it
again; and he took it in correct form. After it
was taken a second time, the board of extension
gave him a hearing, and on that hearing they j
decided against him, on the ground of a want of
originality in his invention. That was a hearing
upon the merits—in one sense adecision. I voted,
however, in favor of McCormick's extension on
another ground, which was, that, according to my
construction of the law, that was a question clearly
which the board had no right to consider. The
only question, in my judgment, left for the board
to consider was, whether the patentee had derived
sufficient remuneration during the fourteen years. '■
That question they did not settle; but settled one
which, as I think, was not before them; and on ;
tins ground I thought McCormick was entitled :
to have the matter reconsidered. The decision;
of the board was not on a question submitted to
them under th.e law; but they assumed .to con-
sider one Which the law did riot put before them.
That was my ground. I formed my opinion on
what appeared from the papers.
Mr. PRATT. I derived my information from
the report in McCormick's case, which I looked
over casually this morning. I examined it at
one time thoroughly; and, according to my recol-
lection, Commissioner Burke certified that the
claim of Mr. McCormick to an extension was not
examined on its merits-—whether on its merits in
accoraance with the view of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, inasmuch as they did not con-
sider the question of proof, that being the point
of the case, I do not now recollect.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He must have meant
that if anything. I presume the letter Wa8 writ-
ten by Mr. Burke some time after he went out of
office.
Mr. PRATT. But that is the certificate of
Mr. Burke in reference to the claim of McCormick
for an extension of his patent, that it was not
considered on its merits. If Commissioner Burke
was right, it necessarily follows that the claim of
McCormick stands on precisel y the same footing
as the other. Neither of these patentees has had
his right to an extension -examined fairly and
properly; and therefore the bill which accords to
the one the privilege of having that examination
now, it seems to me should accord to the other
the same privilege. I shall vote for a bill which
authorizes both the patentees now to go before
the Department, and, if their patents should
have been originally extended, allow that justice
to be done now which was refused to them before.
Mr. ADAMS. In order that we may have a
test vote on this question, which has been very
fully discussed, I move that the bill and amend-
ments be laid on the table.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to explain for a moment?
Mr. ADAMS. We have had explanation after
explanation, and have voted the bill down time
and time again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I merely desire to ex
plain what I said before. Without explanation
there is apparently an error in my previous state-
ment.
Mr. ADAMS. If the Senator will agree to
renew the motion, I will withdraw it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly, I will not in-
terfere with the motion. 1 stated that the decision
of McCormick's case was made upon a particular
point. That decision does not state the p«int;
but that is an inference which I diaw from the
testimony itself. The testimony was taken on
the single point of originality—that is all. 1 re-
new the motion to lay on the table as I promised,
though I shall vote against it.
Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I mean to vote for the motion, but I want to see
how others vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 14; as follow:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Ben-
jamin, Bi5gs, liigler, Brown, Butler, Clay, Collamer,
Douglas, Durkee, Evans, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Hunter, John-
son. Jones uf Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Pugll,
Retd, Husk, Sebastian, Slidell, and Trumbull—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Brodhead, Cuttenden, Fes^enden, Fos-
ter, Geyer, Harlan, Houston, Nourse, Pearce, Piatt, Sew-
ard, Stuait, Toombs, and Wilson—M.
So the bill and amendments were ordered to lie
on the table.
CHARLES KEWBOLD's HEIRS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate yesterday rejected the
bill for the relief of Charles Newbold's heirs. I
do not ask to have the motion acted on now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
entered.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As the session is drawing
to a close, and this is probably the last day when
we .shall be able to take up the Private Calendar,
I suggest to the Senate the proprietyof consider-
ing- the private bills in their order. The Calen-
dar was passed over yesterday in consequence of
considerable debate arising on detached bills. 1
move to postpone all prior orders for the purpose
of taking up the Private Calendar iji its order.
Mr. BENJAiyiiN. I hope not. The special
orders have been postponed now, I think, for
something like two weeks, by propositions of
