1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
621
Mr. WELLER. That will defeat the whole
object of" this bill. Congress a few years ago
made an appropriation of $12,000 to pay these
parties; but the Secretary of War decided that
the leo-al title was not strictly in them, and there-
fore the money was not paid. The parties were
in possession of the property; we recognized
them as holding certain possessory rights; we
wanted that possession; we agreed to give them
' $12,000 to surrender that possession to us. Al-
though the Committee on Military Affairs may
-•not have been unanimous in the opinion that there
r.'was strictly a legal title in these Indians, yet as
,4he Government of the United States had rec-
ognized their possession, and had offered them
$12,000 to surrender that possession, the com-
mittee thoughtgood faith required that we should
pay that sum. That is the whole case. If the
amendment of the Senator from Alabama be
adopted, it will throw the matter back again to
the War Department, who will decide, of course,
as before, that the title of these parties was not
strictly legal.
Mr. HUNTER. As I understand it, the con-
cession of the United States was that the rights
of these individuals should not be prejudiced by
the treaty under which the United States obtained
possession; and in 1840 Mr. Poinsett recom-
mended an appropriation of $12,000, provided the
committees of the two Houses should think they
had a good title. Afterwards provision was made
that they should be paid if the Secretary of War
thought they had a title. The Secretaiy ofWar
examined it, and thought they had none. We did
not agree, as I understand, to give $19,000 for
whatever rights these Indians possessed, but we
agreed that whatever rights they possessed should
not be prejudiced, by the treaty.
Mr. CELL, of Tennessee. That is where the
Senator is mistaken. Mr. Poinsett made the
" agreement with them on condition that they
should be paid 812,000.
Mr. WELLEE. I will read what Mr. Poin-
sett said:
" T recollect perfectly what passed during the progress of
the negotiation of the treaty with the Stoux. and that I as-
sured you#liat the rights ot Pelagie Faribault to the island
in question should not be prejudiced by their not being in-
serted in the treaty.
" These rights have always been considered as if they had
been mentioned in tliat instrument, and you are aware that
I signed a conditional contract, under the authority of Con-
gress, to extinguish them on the payment by Government
of a ceitam sum, provided Congress sanctioned it. I sub-
sequently addressed a letter to ihe committee of the Senate,
setting forth my opinion of the value of the Mand and of its
importance ro the military post at Foit Snelhng; m conse-
quence of winch a bill was introduced to provide for carry-
ing the contract above-mentioned into effect. I entertain
no doubt of the passage of that bill, and believe it was de-
layed only for want ot time."
You have taken possession of the lands of these
Indians; and now yoi^refuse to pay them the
money, or give them back the lands, and that you
call good faith! The Indians were in peaceful pos-
session of this property; you wanted it for mil-
itary purposes; you agreed to give them $12,000
if they would surrender it to you; they did sur-
render it, you took possession, established your
military post there, and then you will not allow
them to have the money which you stipulated to
pay, «or will you give them back the land !
Mr ADAMS. I wish to call the attention of
my friend from Alabama to the character of the
amendment which he has proposed. The amount
to be paid, I understand, is to be paid to an Indian
for his interest in the land. We all know that
this Government has never recognized in the In-
dians the ultimate domain — the fee in the land.
They have only a usufruct — the right to enjoy
the lands as long as you may think proper to
allow them to do so under treaties. Forthis rea-
son, all that could be expected of him—all that the
Government could have expected when it made
this contract with him, was that he should give
Up his right of possession. That was all he could
do, for the Government owned the ultimate do-
main before the treaty was made. The agreement
having been made, the only question now pre-
sented to us is, whether we shall repudiate this
contract because it was made with an Indian ?
The amendment was rejected; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate without amendment, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and read the
third time.
Mr. PITGH, I ask for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the hill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of Tennessee, Bigger,
Brown, Collamer, Douglas^ Evans, Fessenden*, Fish, Foot,
Foster, Geycr, Green, flarJan, Houston, Iverson, James,
Johnson. Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason,
Noursc, Pratt, llusk, Seward, Slide!!, Stuarts Thomson of
New Jcr.>ey.Trumbull, Wade, and Weller—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen,Biggs, Clay,Hunter, Pugh, Reid,
and Toombs—7.
So the bill was passed.
GEORGE A. MAGRUDER.
The next bill on the Private Calendar was the
bill (S. No. 371) for the relief of George A. Ma-
gruder.
Mr. STUART. When this bill was called up
the other day, I made an inquiry, which was sug-
gested to my mind from the reading of the bill
itself. The'Coui t of Claims on the face of the
bill say that the payment is for the amount due
to this officer i( by law" for his services. I in-
quired, if the money wasdue to him by law, why
was itnot paid at the Treasury ? Thd opinion of
the court was then read. It will be recollected that
I intimated to the Senate,from a brief reading of
it, that I could not agree with it; and the Senate
laid the bill over. Since that time, I have taken
occasion to read all the papers connected with the
case; and if it is the disposition of the Senate
to dispose of the question at this time, I am ready
to present very briefly my views on the subject.
I am against the bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. If the case is to be con-
tested, perhaps we had bettor pass over the bill.
Mr. STUART. I am willing 10 take any coursc
which may suit the pleasure of the Senate; but
whenever the bill shall be considered, 1 desire to
express my views upon it briefly, as I must say
that I disagree with the views ptescnted by the
court.
l\lr. MALLORY. I move that the further con-
sideration of the bill be postponed until to-mor-
row.
Mr. BAYARD. Why should this bill be post-
poned more than any other? If wo adopt the
principle of taking up bills in their order, why
not dispose of them as they come up? This is a
bill from the Courtf? Claims; and unless we mean
to treat all the reports of that court as things not
to be allowed a discussion at all, I think we should
proceed with them when they come up in their
order.
I do not wish to give a preference to some hills
over others. If you are to do that, you had bet-
ter resort to the old system, and let members call
up bills in which they are concerned whenever
they can. That would be much better than to
adopt a rule that you shall proceed with the bills
in their order, and then, when one is called up,
lay it over for no assigned reason except that
there is a difference of opinion in regard to if. If
you choose to adopt the rule which you had some
sessions ago, that every third Friday should be
objection clay, and that you would then pass only
unopposed bills, that would be reasonable enough;
but we have no such rule, and I can see no reason
why we should discriminate against this bill, and
not consider it when it is called up in its order.
The motion to postpone the bill was agreed to;
there being, on a division—ayes twenty-two, noes
not counted.
HENRY T. MUDD.
Mr. GREEN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up a little bill for the relief
of Henry T. Mudd, of Missouri. It is a very
small matter. The bill takes nothing out of.the
Treasury.
Several Senators. Go on with the Calendar
in order.
Mr. GREEN. If we do, we shall not reach
this bill to-day; and I am afraid we may never
reach it.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let us proceed in order.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Senator
from Missouri will be induced to withdraw his
request. It would be ungracious to deny it, and
yet I ahu sure it will be denied.
Mr. GREEN. The bill is only for the amount
of §200, and it does not come out of the Treas-
ury.
Mr. BRODHEAD and others. It can be passed
at some other time.
Mr. GREEN. I withdraw my motion, as that
seems to be the general desire of the Senate.
MISSOURI VOLtJOTEERS.
The bill (S, No. 167) to provide forthree months'
extra pay to the third regiment of Missouri vol-
unteers, was announced as the next bill on the
Private Calendar.
Mr. ADAMS. I raise the question of order
that that is not a private bill.
TJie PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is marked
on the Calendar as a private bill. It will, how-
ever, be passed over as not being a private bill,
unless® some gentleman asks for o-voteof the Sen-
ate on that point.
The bill was passed over.
COLONEL JOHN HARDIN.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (II. R. No, 272) for the relief of the heirs of
the late Colonel John Hardin, which had boon
reported on adversely by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
The bill is an instruction to the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay the heirs of Colonel John
Hardin, $3,879 06, that being the amount of the
balance due them under the agreement between
General Wilkinson and Colonel Hardin, and to
be in full satisfaction of all claims on their part
against the Government of the United States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to propose an
amendment to strike out the sum mentioned in
the bill, and insert in place of it " #200 for each
year his widow lived after 1800;" and as she
lived until 182$, that would be £>5,600.
I desiru oniv to oxnkun the fuels of this eaSe,
and I ask a moment's attention from the Senate.
Colon< 1 John Hardin, about 1 ho yar ) 7Q2} jiatj a
very «,riiio;il mission in the West when Indian
hosuhiK"^ and invasions were apprthend'd on
Kentucky and Ohio. General Wilkinson, then in
command of the Ameiioun forces at lAirt Hamil-
ton, uheie Cincinnati now stands,employed Ool-
om 1 Hardin to go on a vciy dangerous mission
to the Indians. He undertook it with some re-
luctance. General Wilkinson promised him, as
a icward, one guinea a day during his absencc,
and if he perished in the undertaking—an event
quite probable—that his'widow should reccivc
$200 a year during her life afterwards. This was
the bargain. He undertook the mission, writing
at the time to his wife, before he started, "A
guinea a day is nothing when I think of my wife
and children at home in Kentucky. 1 wonder at
myself that I should think of engaging m any
such expedition; but I am promised, in the event
that I perish in it, that my wife shall be provided
for, and shall have for her life $200 per year."
He went, and he perished.
Soon afterwards. Congress, apparently not ap-
prized of this particular contract made by Gen-
eral Wilkinson, passed an act in 1793, granting
$450 a year, for seven years, for the widow and
children, seven in number, of Colonel John liar-
din. That term of seven years brings us down
to the period of 1800. From that time no pro-
vision whatever was made for hcV. This bill, if
amended as I suggest, proposes to give her de-
scendants $200 a year for'the tim'e she survived
after the year 1800. The question is, whether
Congress will recognize this engagementof Gen-
eral Wilkinson as valid ? He was at the head of
our army, and vested, of course, with discre-
tion—a discretion that is necessarily vested in
every commander in time of war. T#is man
hazarded and lost his life upon a pledge from the
Government of his country, as he conceived
General Wilkinson's pledges to be, that his wife
should have $200 a year if he perished. He did
Eerish,and the question is, whether you will pay
er ? He has given his blood as the consideration
of the money. He went to conciliate, if possi-
ble, the Indians; if not, he went into their midst
when they had given every indication of war—all
their war signs. If not able to conciliate them
to terms of peace, he went at least to give in-
formation on his return to General Wilkinson.
These were the considerations upon which he
went. He went with a full knowledge of the
danger. He provided against the danger; he pro-
vided against a loss to his wife. He was sent on
account of his knowledge of the Indians and his
own character for intrepidity. Now, I affirm that
the only compensation ever provided for the
widow was in the bill of 1793,granting a pension
of $450 a year to her and her seven children. 1
say this-was to her no equivalent for $200 a yeax*
