622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
for those seven years'. From that time no pro-
vision for one dollar has ever been made to her.
I hope the amendment will prevail. 1 have argued
the case before.
Mr. WELLER. I regret very much that my
position as chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs compels me to oppose this bill. It
eawe from the House of Representatives, and
remained in the hands of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs for some three or four weeks, with
every disposition on the part of that committee
to report favorably upon it, if they could do so.
We were forced, after a full examination of all
the facts, to the conclusion that the Government
" was under no , obligation to pay any portion of
this money to the descendants of Colonel Hardin.
It is true that he was one of the most gallant
men that served in our Army at that period. It
is true that he was sent on a perilous mission,
where the chances were about ninety-nine out of
one hundred of his being stricken down by the
enemy. He did fall in the public service. I have
not been able to find any allusion to this contract
made between Colonel Hardin and General Wilk-
inson, except that which is found in a letter of
Colonel Hardin himself to his wife. From the
high character of Colonel Hardin, I doubtnotthe
facts were as he represented them.
But, sir, the Senator from Kentucky certainly
does not state the whole case. He says, that in
1793 an appropriation was made of $450 per an-
num to the widow. In 1800, when that law ex-
pired, Congress passed a new law giving $100 to
each one of the surviving children of Colonel
Hardin until they arrived at majority. Here was
provision made by the Federal Government for
the support and education of the minor children,
an ample provision at that day—$100 to each.
This Government has paid $5,520 to the widow
and heirs of Colonel Hardin. They have also
rtftcived their bounty lands. The committee were
forced to the conclusion that this Government had
extended as much liberality to the heirs of Colo-
nel Hardin as it ever had to any other officer who
had been in the public service. I say, sir, that
in 1793, after the death of Colonel Hardin, Con-
gress appropriated $450 to the widow. At. the
expiration of that time, in 1800 they passed an act
making ample provision for the education of the
children, by the appropriation of $100 a year to
each. They have received, as I said before,
§5,500 in money, besides the bounty land to which
they were entitled. It remains for Congress to
ssy whether we are disposed to go beyond this
and make provision for the remote descendants
of Colonel Ilardin. Jf the widow were still living
the Senate would be disposed to vote any amount
for her support; or even if the children were
minors and were in penury and want, I have no
doubt the liberality and generosity of Congress
would induce them to vote an ample supply.
That, however, is not the case.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only want the truth
of this case to be understood by the Senate; and
I shall submit, as I needs must do, to their de-
cision with cheerfulness. I am no more interested
in this matter than any other gentleman who oc-
cupies a scat here. This letter of Colonel John
Hardin, written to his family before he started,
and when he was in conference with General
Wilkinson, about the terms of his mission, is
part of The transaction. He writes at the time
to his wife: " I am to go; I am only waiting for
some preparation, or some intelligence, which
General Wilkinson is to receive;" and he gives
to hit> wife, as the last information he has to write,
wnat the terms of his engagement with General
Wilkinson are. The Senator from California
says it is found nowhere but in Colonel Hardin's
letter; and it is important that the Senate should
be satisfied of the truth of the fact. If they are
not, of course there is no ground for this claim.
But upon legal principles is it not a part of the
t/nng done.' Is there any Senator who doubts
that this man was not only a soldier, but a pious
man , as is visible throughout all his letters, com-
mitting himself to God for protection while he is
encountering dangeis in the service of his coun-
try ? A nd he writes to his wife: " No matter what
my fate may be, though I may perish, I have
provided for you; I have General Wilkinson's
stipulation that you shall have £s200 a year." He
did not even make any arrangement for his
children; bat " you are to to have for the loss of
your husband, if I die, $300 a year as long as
yotilive."
The gentleman from California says he does
not doubt the perfect truth of this statement.
Nobody could doubt it. There was no motive
for a misstatement. It is a part of the history of
the transaction, a part of the history of the coun-
try. His promise was made. The question is
whether you have fulfilled it. Suppose there had
been no attempt at fulfillment: would you not have
felt yourselves under a sacred obligation ? Here
is a patriotic man about to encounter in the ser-
vice of his country a peril which may cost him
his life. He is bargaining for terms. There is
nothing selfish about them. He says to his wife:
" I think nothing of the danger ; but of the a year X
have provided lor you I think much. In your bereavement
that will support you."
This he says to his wife, and goes on his mis-
sion of danger. Will you redeem that promise ?
I declare I can imagine nothing on the score of
obligation more sacred than such a promise.
But it is said General Wilkinson had no author-
ity to make it. I submit it to you, gentlemen of
the Senate, whether it is not a promise that Gen-
eral Wilkinson had a right to make in the em-
ployment of such service, as the commander of
your Army, at a time when your country and its
feeble settlements there were in peril? Might he
not employ an agent ? Was it not involved in his
authority as chief military commander to make
such a promise? But suppose it was not—sup-
pose there was a defect of formal authority to
make this promise as a contract binding on the
United States: would you not feel yourselves
bound to fulfill the contract—a contract having
nothing in view but the public service, and offer-
ing reward for nothing but the blood and death
of the man employed? What is the whole amount
now? Five thousand six hundred dollars for
twenty-eight years.
Sir, you send young men who want to go on
their travels, one to Naples, and another to Sar-
dinia, arrayed in all the pomp of a foreign mis-
sion, with all its accompaniments, and all its
emoluments, and you think nothing of that.
What is such a mission as^at compared with
the one which Hardin undertook ? The sum is
not to be given to the man himself, but in a small
annuity of $200 a year to his wife. What is such
a mission as that—a mission of pleasure, of grat-
ification, of ambition—to this mission to go'into
the heart of hostile tribes, to endeavor to turn
them to peace, if possible, or, if not, to come back
with information of Indian designs and Indian
hostilities ? It is no return for the service itself,
or the blood of the husband; but it is upon that,
as a consideration, that the wife founds her
claim.
My honorable friend from California does not
understand this case as well as I do. I wish to
verify what I state by reference to the laws, and
they are very brief. Gentlemen will find, at the
twelfth page of the sixth volume of the Statutes
of the United States, this provion:
" That $450 per annum, for seven years, be allowed to
the widow and orphan children of Colonel John Hardin,
imd the sum of $31)0 per annum, for the same term of seven
years, to the orphan children of Major Alexander Tru- I
man"—
who upon a like expedition had perished—
" to commence tho 1st day of July, 1792, and be paid half
yearly out of the Treasury of tiie United States."
Here is a grant of $450 a year for seven years
to the widow and her children, six or seven in
number. Is that an equivalent for §200 a year
for her ? There were eight grantees in that law—-
the wife and seven children. Her portion of it
would have been one eighth part of the $450 per
annum, if divided equally between the wife and
children; but I am willing to allow this law to go
to the extinguishment of her claim entirely for the
seven years. Did it do anything more than satisfy
her claim for $200 for the seven years ? Surely
not; and what has been given her for the remain-
ing portion of her lifetime ? The gentleman says
something has been given to her. 1 deny it—not
certainly in adisrespectful sense—I deny it because
my friend from California is mistaken. After the
expiation of this law, another act was passed,
which will be found on page 41, in the same vol-
ume, to this effect:
" There shall be annually paid to the guardians, respect-
ively, Of the sons and daughters of the late Colynei,John
Hardin, deceased, and to" the' guardian of' the daughter of
the late Major Alexander Truman, deceased, for each son
and daughter, the sum of $100, until they shall have respect-
ively attained the age of twenty-one yeais."
Is that a grant to the widow?
Mr. WELLER. The Senator is answering an
argument I never made — contradicting a fact I
never asserted. I never said Congress gave the
widow more than $450 for seven years; but I said
when the seven years expired Congress appro-
priated $100 a year for the education of the chil-
dren, and also gave bounty land.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. These are the only two
laws found on the subject. The first law gives
$450 for seven years to the-wife and children,
and there were seven children ? Is that $450 to
the wife? Hardin being dead, tho guardian of
these children might have called on her instantly
for a division of that.money, and each guardian
claim his relative proportion of it for each of the
sons and daughters. You chose to recognize
yourselves as under a natural obligation of justice
to take care of the children of the man who had
perished in your service; but that did not release
or emancipate you from your positive contracted
obligation to give $200 a year to her.
I only want the case understood, and the sense
of the Senate on the subject will be perfectly sat-
isfactory to me. With these remarks, so far as I
am concerned, unless some further remarks may
be made necessary by what may be said hereaf-
ter, I submit the case to the consideration of the
Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. 1 recollect that this question
was brought before the Senate at the last session
on a report made from the Committee on Military
Affairs on a bill similar to this, which had been
referred to them.
Mr. WELLER. This is the same bill.
Mr. FOSTER. This is the House bill I be-
lieve—the same bill in substance. On that occa-
sion, I recollect that the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, differing in his views from the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, addressed the Senate
upon the question, as he has now done, and set
forth the grounds of this claim as he understood
them. It impressed me so much thatri subse-
quently made what I thought was a pretty full
examination of the matter, and I confess I was
surprised that the committee came to the result
they did. I agree altogether with the views ex-
pressed then and now by the honorable Senator
from Kentucky. Although, Mr. President, it is
a case which certainly appeals very strongly to
every man who is a husband and father—indeed
I may say to every man who has a heart in his
bosom—it does not stand on any such ground as
an appeal to the feelings. On the contrary, an
examination of the evidence in this case, to my
mind, presents it as a case of as simple justice, of
as direct obligation, as any question that has been
before the Senate since I have been a member of
the body.
The honorable chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs states truly that the evidence in
regard to the compensation which should be made
to the family of Colonel Hardin in the event of
his death, is only in a letter from him to his wife.
And, Mr. President, any man who will read that
letter, and not be satisfied of the entire truth of
the fact, that such an ariangement had been made
between him and the officer of this Government
then in command of the Army, is a very different
man from me. That letter of Colonel'Hardin is
the best proof, to my mind, which could be had
of all the facts in it. It was written by a man
evidently as he would make a dying declaration;
and every word of it I would take for as strict
truth as any assertion that a human being could
make under the highest possible sanctions. It
was, as has been stated, that in the event of his
death, his widow should receive at least §200 a
year from the Government during her life. That
that was a very pitiable sum, and that the con-
tract, if made, ought to be performed, nobody
doubts. The only question is, has it not been
substantially performed in some other way? I
submit that it has not; that the payments made
under the law referred to by the honorable Sen-
ator from Kentucky, were no more than just ap-
propriations made by Congress for the benefit of
this man's family—not within the scope of this
contract, and by no means annulling it. Good
faith requires the Government of the country to
carry out that contract fully to_the letter. If a
