§24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 7.
family outside of the contract. If you do that,
they are debtors to us. Bat if you put it outside
of the contract, on the broad, the high, the noble,
the consecrated, the heaven-loving principle of
gratitude from the country for the blood of its
servant, I say wc have wiped out the last vestige
of obligation upon us. That is my feeling; and
I have felt it due to myself to state it, bccause I
would not stand here in the position of refusing
to pay dollars and cents for the blood that we
bought. We made no contract for the blood, in
my judgment, that wc have not redeemed. If I
could be satisfied that we owed anything to these
parties, or their children, or their children's chil-
dren, to the latest posterity, i would beggar the
Treasury of the nation to "pay it; but whilst we
have done more than the demands of justice, in
my opinion, to this family, as contrasted with
others, 1 will bring up the characters, the ser-
vices, the blood of others that have gone unpaid
and unrecompcnsed.
Mr. BAYARD. I feel a difficulty to know how
my vote ought to be cast in reference to this bill,
from the fact that it does not appear, from any
report that I have been able to find on the files of
the Senate, what are the facts of the case, and I
must gather them from the debate alone. The
Military Committee of the Senate have reported
against Uio bill. It was passed by the House of
Itq/rc.scntntives, and I have sought in vain forth©
report of the committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives to show the state of facts on which the
bill' is found, d.
Mi. WELLER. There was a little report
made in the House of Representatives. That
report was put 011 the files of the Senate, but I
cannot, find it now.
Mr. BAYAIID. I cannot find it, and was going
to move to postpone this bill on that account, for
I should like to know the facts before I give my
vos|„ Prom what t gather from the debate, it
may stand on this footing: that there was a con-
tract proved to have existed between Colonel
Hardin aad the United States, under which we
were bound to pay a specific sum to his widow.
If wc chose to give a gratuity to his children not
in accordance with that contract, I do not hold
that that gratuity is a discharge of the contract
made with Colonel Hardin. I cannot see how it
can be so 011 piinciple; and I think we are bound
to pay claims without reference to mere questions
of gratuity. Although we may have exercised
generous liberality to the descendants of Colonel
•lardiii, yet, if the contract existed, and that is
established to my satisfaction, 1 say Congress
has no authority to give the gratuity to the chil-
dren so as to discharge the contract made for the
benefit of the widow.
ThcriMs no report of the facts in the case, how-
ever. There appears to have been a petition
presented tu tiie Court of Claims; and the case,
theroiore, must have been there, I presume. It
does not appear what that Court did m the matter.
It does not appear whether they rejected the claim,
whether they rook testimony, or whether they
were in favor of the allowance of the claim as
binding oil the Government. I desire to get at
that, because if it was a claim 011 the Govern-
ment in point of law and justice, the Government
could not discharge that claim in favor of the
widow by a gratuitous donation to the children.
I do not#now how the facts are. I would prefer
that the case should be postponed, so that the
tacis may be got at. If the facts ore well known,
of course 1 do not desire to prolong the discus-
sion or keep the case before the Senate, hut I am
really at a loss, from the statements made, to
Know how my vote ought properly to be given.
iUr. CRITTENDEN. f am much obliged to
the honorable gentleman from Delaware for his
remarks, 1 he tacts of the case are entirely un-
disputed. 1 lead just now the evidence of the
promise made by General Wilkinson to Colonel j
Hardin. That is the only evidence of it. It was !
a letter written in 1792, when he was upon the i
eve of starting If was written to his wife. He |
tells her m that letter that he is about to go, and '
what he is to get; " for this," he says, " I care !
nothing; but I have stipulated with General Wil- j
ik'iiisoii that, in the evi ;it of my perishing in this j
mission, you are to have at least two Hundred ;
dollars a year from the Government." That is !
the evidence of the promise. The fact that he I
aid go, and that he perished, are notorious and I
%
historical; and with us in the West, at any rate,
will not be disputed. The letter is the evidence
of the promise. If you believe it, it is complete
evidence; if you do not believe it, there is no
ground for this claim. It is one of a series of
letters written by Colonel Hardin to his family
in Kentucky, he being then with General Wilkin-
son at Port Hamilton, preparing for this mission,
General Wilkinson tempting him to go. The
peril was great, and known to be so. He does
not stipulate for his children. He stipulates for
his wife. He says, " My wife shall have $200
a year." "Yes, at least that, "says General Wil-
kinson. That is the promise, and no gentleman
will dispute it; and I think none will be found to
dispute the evidence of it. As has been well said
by my friend from Connecticut, it is the declara- !
tion of a dying man.
The.gentleman from Delaware has answered
the argument about the bounties to the family.
The gratuities which the Government chose to
give to other members of the family was a mere
matter of generosity or justice, as you may please
to consider them; but no discharge of the partic-
ular obligation to the widow. You might as well
say the family has been patronized and encour-
aged by the Government since that time from the
fact that John Allen was made a colonel and af-
forded an opportunity of laying down his life and
shedding his blood. You might as well say that
because John Hardin, of Illinois, by birth a Ken-
tuckian, when the Mexican war commenced, was
made a colonel and received the pay of a colonel,
that should be counted; and that making up this
general sort of medley, mixed account, the family
was compensated. That is not the question. Nor
is the question, as my friend from Tennessee
chooses to make it, to pay for every drop of blood
shed in the defense of the country. No, sir. Here
was a stipulated price for the blood that was shed
—a price contracted for you by your general—
and you are now called upon to pay, if you be-
lieve the promise was as stated by Hardin, in his
letter of 1792, §200 a year to his wife until her
death, which happened in 1828. Does your non-
compliance before her death excuse you from
paying? Docs the death of tile widow release
you from the obligation ? Yoflpostpone as long
as the party lives, from year to year, for over
twenty years, your obligation to pay until life
ends, and that is used as an argument here !
Sir, I trust I have not expressed anything from
which an imputation upon the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs can be inferred. I intended no such
thing. Collectively and individually they have
my respect; but they have taken a different view
of this subject from "that which I entertain. Al-
though my friend from Tennessee seems to think
I have been too vehement and too passionate on
the subject, it is not because I have any other
interest in it than you have, sir. It is because I
feel the thorough justice of this demand, to which,
with all my feeble efforts heretofore, I never could
attract the attention of the Senate, and against
which they decided — a decision with which I
should have been perfectly satisfied if it had not
been evident to me that this, being a mere per-
sonal claim, had not attracted a sufficient amount
of the attention of the Senate. It was therefore
that I procured a reconsideration; and now I
trust for the last time, and with the last word, I
submit it to the judgment of the Senate.
My excuse for rising is this: as I have under-
stood the courtesies of this body, the gentleman
who introduces a proposition has the right to
close, the debate; I have waited until all others,
as I supposed, closed, and I interposed reluctantly
with my views. Then some other gentleman said
something, and I have been forced to reply. This
is the last word, I trust, that it will be necessary
for me to say; but as long as this debate con- j
tinues—as long as the opposition and argument ''
continue against it—so long I shall owe it to |
myself to reply. j,
Mr. WELLER. I am perfectly willing, of ii
course, to give the Senator from Kentucky the 1
lost word; but I wish to make a statement in re- !'
gard to these papers. It will be found on exam- i1
ination that the papers were originally prepared
for the purpose of being laid before the Court, of u
Claims. If this be such a claim as the Senator ;!
from Kentucky supposes, there is a legal obliga- ij
0rt this Government to discharge it. !j
If it be a legal demand against the Government, ||
of course the Court of Claims is the proper tri-
bunal in which to prosecute it. 1 suppose that
whoever had charge of the cteiiti originally enter-
tained the same opinion with the Senator from
Kentucky that there was a legal obligation, and
that the Court of Claims was the proper tribunal
to dispose of it; but when he came to examine
into the facts, he discovered that it could not be
sustained on any principle of law, and that there-
fore he must bring it into a tribunal where an ap-
peal could be nKide to the patriotism of the body.
The Senator from Kentucky must have been sat-
isfied, from an examination, that there was no
chance of enforcing this demand as a legal con-
tract in the Court of Claims, and he therefore
appeals to the patriotism of both branches of Con-
gress; and such appeals I know are very rarely
made without having their proper effect.
I stated that the whole amount of money which
ha.d been paid was $5,520 94. I was asked a few
minutes ago whether this was the whole amount
received by the widow and children. I under-
stand that'such is the fact. The last payments
made to the children of Colonel Hardin were
made in the year 1812. I take it for granted it
was at that time the youngest child arrived at the
age of twenty-one. I do not know how many
of the children of Colonel Hardin are still living;
perhaps the Senator from Kentucky can give me
information on that point. He says there were
six or seven children of Colonel Hardin at the
time he died. How many survive? Is not this
a claim preferred by the grandchildren of Colonel
Hardin? I ask, has not Congress been exceed-
ingly liberal to these parties ? If it be a legal
contract, such as is binding on this Government,
it can be enforced in the Court of Claims; but I
cannot regard it in that light. I do not know
that General Wilkinson had any authority from
the Government of the United States to enter into
a contract of this character.
As my friend from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] has
already said, the Committee on Military Affairs
examined the archives for the purpose of seeing
whether in any of the dispatches of General Wil-
kinson, any allusion was ever made to the state-
ment made by him to Colonel Hardin. We did
find a dispatch from the military family of Gen-
era! Wilkinson, in which the melancholy fact was
communicated that Colonel Hardin had fallen in
this perilous mission, but in no part of the corre-
spondence did we find any allusion to a contract.
If General Wilkinson had regarded it as a con-
tract he would undoubtedly have referred to that
fact in some of his dispatches. There is no allu-
sion whatever to it. General Wilkinson doubt-
less intended simply to make this agreement; that
he would use whatever influence he could com-
mand to have ample provision made for the sup-
port of the widow in the etent that Colonel Har-
din should fall on that mission. I do not regard
that as a contract. I do not treat it in the same
light as the Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Pos-
ter,] who cannot see how any man can vote
against it. I wish I could see a way to vote for
it. I will say now that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs kept the bill in their possession for
two weeks trying to find some ground on whith
they could report in favor of it, but they could
not succeed in doing so. We were compelled to
report against it. The Senator from Kentucky
has assailed the action of the committee, and can-
not discover on what ground we base our adverse
report. Sir, we base it on the broad ground that
this Government has been liberal—ay, sir, ex-
ceedingly liberal to the widow and minor children
of the late Colonel Hardin. If, however, the Sen-
ate be disposed to go beyond that, after the Sen-
ator from Kentucky shall have made the closing
speech, which I concede to him, I shall have no
objection of course.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have no desire to
make a closing speech, but the Senator from Cal-
ifornia has asked me a question, how many of
these children I am acquainted with ? I answer,
but few. I know General Martin B. Hardin and
Mr. Mark Hardin, sons of Colonel John Hardin.
Of the females of the family I know nothing, or
any of the other children. With the family gen-
erally I was acquainted, but particularly and per-
sonally with only tho two I nave named. When
the last payment was made I do not know.
When the children all attained their majority I
do not know, nor did I think it necessary for me
