626
?-%i—*    —  ; 
had it under consideration were better qualified
to judge of its merits than myself. Notwith-
standing that, I have paid some attention to the
discussion, and I am satisfied that this is not a
legal demand on the Government. I am consoled
. by that assurance; for if it were a legal demand,
-1 should think it disgraceful to the Government
that it was not long since paid. It is for the pur-
pose of making up a deficiency in the legal action
of the Government that this appeal is made to
Congress for redress. The assurance that Colo-
nel Hardin had an understanding with General
Wilkinson (and I presume no one will controvert
that) is sufficiently attested to my satisfaction.
That General Wilkinson omitted to communicate
the fact to the Governmentdoes not astonish me
in the least. I have a recollection of General
Wilkinson. He was a man on a large and ex-
tended scale. He made promises of a liberal and
magnificent character; and his great object in the
command of the American army was to accom-
plish much, and on the most moderate scale as to
expense.
That he had this understanding with Colonel
Hardin, no one will doubt. That Hardin had no
fuarantee from General Wilkinson, only presents
is patriotism to my mind in a much stronger light
than if he had the assurance bonded by the Gov-
ernment. It only enhances the value of the sacri-
fice that was made for the frontier at that time,
when it was in an almost defenseless, a wretched
and an exposed condition. I should be willing to
vote not only what is here presented, but if it
could be a remuneration to the family for the sacri-
fices of the widow for the bereavement of losing
such a husband, I would vote a hundred times
what is here demanded. I am not for counting by
dollars and cents, when you come to estimate the
value of patriotism. The'sacrifice that was made
here Was, to this family, irreparable. Do you sup-
pose the widow and orphan children would have
received, in consideration for their loss, in antici-
pation of such an event, all the treasure which
your nation boasts of now ? No, sir, they would
not have done it.
Under the circumstances in. which Colonel
Hardin sacrificed his life—not to protect his own
frontier particularly, but to protect the country
generally, and to obtain for it the greatest good
possible—I would vote such an allowance as this
to his heirs. If he wentwithout the usualguar-
antees—he being a man of intelligence he knew
that the General had no power to bind the Gov-
ernment—it only shows the loftiness of his pa-
triotism. It shows that he said, " I can serve my
country, and if perishing will give peace to it, I"
will take my life in my hands; I will trust to the
justice and generosity of my country ; I am will-
ing to die a victim." Sir, can you estimate such
services by pecuniary estimation? Never, I hope,
will it be done in this Hall of legislation.
* The honorable and venerable Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Dodge] has given attestation of
the facts so impressive at that day, that they yet
remain upon his memory,itholding tenacious im-
pression of them from the trying crisis in which
Hardin Was sacrificed. Sir, 1 would vote the last
farthing that is asked, and 1 hope I shall never
Bta<H up here and be unable to do justice to those
who have claims for patriotic services for their
country.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ken-
«£feftt0 Strikc 0Wt " <1379 06," and insert
^OjuUu.
Mr. WELLER. As this is increasing the
amount to a large extent, I shall have to ask for
the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 17; as follows:
«2ri^8~i!?eMtfrs* ne"°f New Hampshire, Bell of Tennes-
& HYCo,£mer> « ttenden. Dodge, Fessemlen, Fish.
Joot, faster, Geyer, Harlan, Houston, James, Jones o/
Reid-Thompso'1 of
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Brown, Clay, Evans Fit7-
patrick, Green, Hunter, Jones of Tennessee, MaUorv M,i
Welfer-l-?eWard'Siuiei1'Stuart} 'r°ombs> TiumbuH, and
So the amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr, CLAY, the Senateadjourned.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 9, 1857.
Prayer bythe Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior,
communicating, in obedience to law, drawings
and estimates of the construction of an iron sus-
pension bridge, and also for a stone-arched bridge
across the Potomac river; which was referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. BROWN. That report is made in obe-
dience to an act passed at the last session of Con-
gress; and I am instructed by the Committee on
the District of Columbia, who have the question
in charge, to move that it be printed, to the end
that the committee may have it before them in a
printed form at their next meeting, which will be
on Wednesday next. I trust, therefore, the order
will be made this morning, so that the printing
maybe executed by the time the committee shall
assemble. I submit the motion to print.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
tlje Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Navy,
accompanied by eighty copies of the official Navy
Register for the year 1857; which was read, and
ordered to lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
memorial of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, praying for the adoption
of measures for preventing Indian depredations
upon the inhabitants of that Territory, and for
confining the wandering tribes .within certain
limits; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
He also presented the memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
praying that an appropriation in money may be
made for the immediate establishment of schools
within the Territory in lieu of the lands now
granted by the act for its organization; which
was referred to the Committee qafferritories.
He also presented a memorialUte Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of New Mexico,
praying for an appropriation for completing the
State House m that Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on Territories.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed the following House bills, and joint
resolution; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (No. G99) to extend the provisions of an
act entitled " An act to amend an act to establish
the territorial government of Minnesota," to the
Territory of Washington;
A bill (No. 644) to create the office of surveyor
general of public lands in Minnesota Territory;
A bill (No. 619) making an appropriation for
completing the Capitol building m the Territory
of New Mexico;
• A <-No- 641) for the construction of a road
m the Territory of Nebraska;
A bill (No. 710) for the construction of a wagon
road from Port Kearny, via the South Pass of
the Rocky Mountains and Great Salt Lake Valiey,
to the eastern portion of the State of California,
and for other purposes; and
A joint resolution (No. 30) authorizing the
accounting officers of the Treasury to allow and
audit the accounts of Asahel Bush, for the printing
of the statutes of Oregon of 1853 and 1854.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the bill (H. R.
No. 710) was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
SENATOR FROM INDIANA.
Presented the credentials of
Hon. Graham N. Fitch as Senator elect from the
State of Indiana for the term ending M^arch 4,
1861, and moved that ftie Senator elect be sworn.
^ Mr. TRUMBULL objected to the administra-
tion of the oath, and presented resolutions passed
by the Senate of Indiana, and a protest of thirty-
tour members of the House of Representatives of
th j gl-s!ature State, protesting against
A debate ensued, which was participated in bv
Messrs. TRUMBULL, TOOMBS, SEWARD,
PUGH, BRIGHT, BUTLER, HALE, MAL-
LORY, BAYARD, NOURSE, BENJAMIN,
HUNTER, TOUCEY, BELL of Tennessee
RUSK, DOUGLAS, WILSON, and HARLAN;
which will be published hereafter.
A motion of Mr. Trumbull to refer the case at
once to the Committee on the Judiciary was re-
jected—yeas 12, nays 33; and the oath prescribed
by law was administered to Mr. Fitch.
[See the Appendix for this debate, etc.]
Mr. STUART. I wish to make a report from
a committee.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to make a mo-
tion to refer the papers to the Committee on the
Judiciary. 1 suppose there will be no objection
to that.
Mr. TOOMBS. We can decide that in the
morning.
Mr. STUART. If the motion of the Senator
from Illinois is to lead to debate, I cannot vield
to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. It may lead to debate. The
Senator from South Carolina, the chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, has said that he does
not wish to serve on the committee which is to
examine this case. I intend to move its reference
to a select committee.
Mr. STUART. I insist on making my report.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 576)
making a grant of land to aid the Territory of
Minnesota in the construction of certain railroads
in said Territory, reported it without amendment.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill to authorize the con-
struction of an armed steamer for the protection
of American commerce in the China seas; which
was read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 570) to authorize the
Secretary of the Navy to ascertain and pay the
balance due on a tract of land heretofore ceded for
the purposes of a marine hospital ?or the district
i of Boston and Charlestown to the credit of the
naval hospital fund, reported it without amend-
I ment.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, to whom were re-
ferred the petitions of various corporate bodies
and citizens praying for some improvement of
the navigation of the Ohio river at the falls, near
Louisville, to report a bill to enlarge the Louis-
ville and Portland canal. I ask the Senate to make
the bill the special order for Tuesday, the 17th in-
stant, at one o'clock.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. It may interfere
with our business to be making special orders at
this period of the session.
Mr. SLIDELL. I named a remote day, in
order to consult the convenience of the Senate.
The bill is one which certainly will not occupy
a quarterof an hour. It makes no appropriation,
but merely regulates the administration of the
canal.
The bill was read twice by its title, and made
the special order for Tuesday, the 17tfi.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED,
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bill;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of Joseph D. Beers, of the
city of New York.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. STUART asked, and by unanimous con- -
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
extending the provisions of the preemption act of
4th September, 1841, and the acts amendatory
thereof, to a portion of the Fort Ripley Reserva-
tion therein specified; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. RUSK. I renew the motion made by the
Senator from Illinois to refer the papers con-
nected with the Indiana election to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. The chairman of the Judiciary Commit-
