628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
ines tbe said Jacob Mussina oat of his interest in the prop-
erty at BrowasviU<*. The sun at New Orleans was com-
menced the year before the decree was pronounced at
Galveston. That -decree did not notice the suit at New
Orleans, or in any manner enjoin it. The other act
charged to be a contempt, was the filing of protects by said
' Mussina m the office of the Secretary of War and m ttje
Quartermaster General's office, at Washington, against the
payment of money by tbe Department to the successful
litigants for the rent of the Brownsville property. The
court declared Jacob Mussina to be m contempt, and issued
an order for his arrest; and because he could not be found,
not being a citizen of Texas, but a resident and citizen of
Louisiana, an order was issued to sequestrate all his prop-
erty. Tbe committee deeia the proceedings for a con-
tempt to have been irregular, unjust, and illegal, and, taken
in connection with the previous proceedings and rendition
of the decree, oppressive and tyrannical.
Jn the case of Cavazos et al. va. Stillman ct aZ., the
record aiiords sufficient evidence to satisfy the committee
that there was collusion between tbe solicitors for the com-
plainants and a pail of the solicitors lor the defendants, and
that a part of the defendants, or one of them at least, Jacob
Mussina, was defrauded and betrayed by fcuch collusion.
They would fuither state, that there is evidence to satisfy
them that a part of the defendants were concerned in the
conspiracy, and that the judge of the court knew of the col-
lusion during the pendency of the suit, and that be alluded
•=* to a conversation between himself and one of the defend-
ants' solicitors, who was concerned in the collusion, when
He remarked that the defendants were satisfied with the
decree. The defendant Mussina commenced a suit iti Gal-
veston against the other defendants and solicitors m tiie
cause, on the 15th day of March, 1850, for such conspnaey;
but owing to continual obstacles and delays in the pros-
ecution of tiiat suit at Galveston, Mussina afterwards, but
before the rendition of the decrec in the chancery cause,
commenced a s uit against tbe same parties for the same
cause at New Orleans; and Judge Watrous afterwards de-
clared said Mussina to be in contempt for having com-
menced and -prosecuted thi3 suit at New Orleans, and
ordered him to be imprisoned, and because he could not be
found m the State of Texas, ordered ins property to be
sequestered, as above stated.
The other branch of the charge arises upon the petition
of Ehphas Spencer. His was one of a large number of euits
commenced m the district courts of Texas, m which a claim
was set up to largo tracts of land which had been treated as
public domain by the Republic and State of Texas. In tins
petition the said Spencer chaiges:
" That one Thomas M. League, combining and confeder-
ating with tbe Hon. John C. Watrous, sole pi esiding judge
of tue couit of the United States tor the distuct of Texas,
fofctho purpose ot faUcly, fraudulently, and coiruptly adju-
dicating and determining the validity of an clcfn-Icazuc
grant in the court of the United States in and for tbe dis-
tuct of Texas, in which tbe said Watious was then and
there thQ sole providing judge, the said Thomas M. League
entered into a fccciet agiecniejit with the j-aid Watious,
judge as aforesaid, by means wheieof the haid John C.
Vv'atruus became entitled to a certain poilion of the land,
or tin; piouccds of the sale, upon the deteimniation of the
validity of said piemen-lea nun grant m the eonit presided
ovet by thv said John C. Watrous as afoiesaid.
*• For "His execution of tins fraudulent and corrupt pur-
pose, lie, the said Thomas M. League, combining and con-
federating with the said John C. Wuiioiis, laiseiy, fraudu-
lently, and corruptly to give juusdiction of the t-uitor&uits
above contemplated, he, tbe haul league, reserving an inter-
est in said clsvcn-'cague giant tor himself and the said Wat-
rou-5, sold appjicntly the entire interest and pioperiy of the
said clei cn~teas;ue giant to one John Laptev, a re&idcul
citizen of the State of Alabama."
It seems that Spencer had settled upon land supposed to
>e the pubhc domain of the State oi Te.\as, and was, m
• accordance with the laws, enjoying his po^o->Mon and per-
fecting bis title, when suit was commenced against him in
the United States distuct court for the district of Texas, at
• Galveston, in Januaiy,3S.)l,bysaid JohnLapsley, a citizen
of Alabama.. The suit was afterwards removed from Gal-
veston to Austin, in the same district, and remained pend-
ing in the distuct couit of Texas from January, 1851, until
December, 1854, when tbe interest of Judge Watrous irffche
fect-mauer of the s>uit having become publicly known,
aused it to be entered of rccord that the venue of the
)n be changed to the United States circuit court for the
eastern distuct of Louisiana, on account of lus interest in
the cause. The venue of various other cases were also
changed, at the same time, for the same cause. There is
no direct evidence before tne committee to fix the precise
time when Judge Watrous acquired an interest in the sub-
ject-matter of those suits; but as the order was based u pon
the fact of his interest, it folfovvs that the judge was in-
terested in the suits at the'time they were commenced, or
he afterwards acquired an interest by descent or devise, or
be went into the market and bought up property that was
in litigation m numerous suits m hi9 own court. The com-
mittee are satisfied that he did not acquiic the pioperty by
descent or devise, and there is some indirect testimony to
show that lie acquired the interest by purchase, while he
was district judge of Texas, and that* the title was not
conveyed to inm, but was vested in another person, a non-
resident of the Slate, and the suits were commenced m the
district courts of Texas. Tins title was acquired by the
judge after the hind, or a part of it, had been taken up by
actual settlers, as a part of the public domain of Texas--.
Ko one, we presume, will question the impropriety, or even
guilt of a judge, in going into market and buying up prop-
erty involved m litigation, in numeious suits m his own
courts, unless he intended to resign his commission in time
to give the litigants an opportunity to test the title m the
courts within the States where the lands he ; and a similar
ofcgectioji would naturally be suggested to the purchase, by
a judge, of lands within his juii'-diction held by adverse
possession, especially if other lands similarly situated had
already become involved in litigation. In connection with
this, it should also be recollected that the distiiet judge of
Texas has district and circuit powers, that he is the soie
Judge and chancellor of the district, and that there js
up appeal from his decision but to the Supreme Court at
Washington.
The interest claimed by Judge Watrous and his associ-
ates in the eleven league grant in controversy depended
upon grants claimed to have been made by the supreme
governments of the Mexican States of Coaltuila and Texas,
of three eleven league grants to tlnee persons m severalty,
but made at the same time and included m the same deed
or patent; and after the judge had changed the venue of
eleven cases to tbe United States circuit court in Louisiana,
he still proceeded to uy and pronounce judgment in cases
depending upon the same title and grant upon which his
own waVdepending; and although the judge was not in-
terested in the subject-matter of the cases tiied hv him, he
was interested in the title which such cases calleu m ques-
tion.
A large amount of the public domain of Texas was drawn
into litigation at an early day, and the public and the Legis-
lature of that State were alarmed at the course of Judge
Watrous as eailv an 1848, and the committee find among
the public laws of the State of Texas a joint resolution ap-
proved by the Governor March 20,1848, a copy of which
was referred to this committee with the petition of Jacob
Mussina, which leads as follows:
" Joint Resolution.
" Whereas it is believed that John C. Watrous, judge of
the United States district court for the district of Texas,
has, while seeking that important position, given legal
opinions in causes and questions to be litigated hereafter,
in which the interests of individuals and of the State are
immensely involved, whereby it is believed he has disqual-
ified the court m which he presides from trying such ques-
tions and causes, thereby tendering it necessary to transfer
an indefinite and unknown number of suits, hereafter to
be commenced, to courts out ot the State for tiial; and
whereas Jt is also believed that the said John C. Watrous
has, while in office, aided and assisted certain individuals,
if not directly interested himself, m an attempt to fasten
upon this State one of the most stupendous fiauds ever
piacttced upon any country or any people, the effect of which
would be to rob Texas of millions of acres of her public
domain, her only hope or resource for the payment of her
public debt; and whereas his conduct in court and else-
wheie, m derogation of his duty as a judge, has been marked
by such prejudice and injustice towards the rights of the
gtatc, and diveisof its citizens, as to show that he does not
deeerve the high station he occupies: Therefore,
"Sec. 1. Butt resolved In; the Legislature of the Stateof
Texas, That the said John C. Watrous be, and he is hereby,
lequestcd, in behalf of the people of the State, to resign his
office of judge of said Uriitcd States court for the district
of Texas.
14 Skc. Si. Be it further resolved, That the Governor for-
waid to the said John O. Watrous*, under the seal of the
State, a copy of tin; foregoing pteomblc and resolution;
also, a copy to each of our Senators and Reprebcntatives in
the CougjchS of the United States.
" Appiuved Match £0, 1848."
The committee have examined numerous records, con-
sisting of pleadings, orders of court, affidavits, and deposi-
tions, and after a patient and laborious research, they have
reluctantly come to the conclusion, that the conduct of
Judge Watrous in the cases above re .xTed to can not be ex-
plained without supposing that he was actuated by other
than upright and just motives ; that m bis disregard of the
well-established rules' of law and evidence, he has put m
jeopardy and sacrificed the lights of litigants, and in ac-
quiring a title to property in litigation, or held by adverse
poa.jcsdion, lie has given just cause of alarm to the citizens
of Texas for the safety of private lights and property, and
of their public domain, and has debarred them from the
rights of an impartial tnalin the federal courts of then own
dis-tnct. In view of the above recited facte, and the con
elusions of the committee, they leport the evidence and the
following roolution :
Resolve'!, That John C. Watrous, United State* district
judjxeforthp district of Texas, be impeached of high crimes
and misdemeanors.
Mr. BOCOCK. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on the Judiciary a singje ques-
tion. This is a pretty strong move th^t we are
called upon to make, and I would like to know
whether, in investigating these charges, Judge
"Watrous was ever notified of them, or allowed
an opportunity to defend himself before the com-
mittee and explain the charges?
Mr. SIMMONS. He was not.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio I desire to ask
the gentleman from New York if this was the
unanimous report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary ?
Mr. SIMMONS. It is the unanimous report
of ail who were present except one. There were
two members of the committee who had not been
present very often.
if Air. COBB, of Georgia. I would inquire of
the gentleman from New York if the testimony
in this case has been ordered to be printed, and
if it has been plinted ? Did the committee, at the
time they made the report, osk that the testimony
filed in the ease be printed, and if not, why has
not tfte testimony been printed ? I read the report
this morning—I knownothingof this case except
as it appears from the report—and it refers to the
testimony, and says it appears so and so to the com-
mittee. I desire to know whether the committee
have asked for the printing of the testimony, and
endqgvored to place it before the House ? I would
be unwilling; to declare by our action that any
judge should be impeached until I have myself
examined the evidence, and would not be gov-
erned in my vote entirely by the inferences drawn
from the evidence by the committee.
Mr. SIMMONS. The testimony has not been
printed, that I am aware of. I am not aware of
any rule which requires testimony in such cases
to be printed. It is very voluminous. I am per-
fectly aware that in many such cases', in perhaps
the majority of cases of impeachment, the party
accused has been before the committee just as
both parties are sometimes examined before ma-
gistrates. But there have been one or two cases
in the House where the party accused has not
been before the committee. It seems to me to be
the opinion of the House—and probably well
founded on the Constitution—that a jud^e can-
not be displaced incidentally by remodeling his
jurisdiction, or anything of that sort, although
it was once done by Mr. Jefferson on a very large
scale to the satisfaction of the Democratic party,
Notwithstanding that, the committee have come
to the conclusion that it is the sense of the House,
as itis undoubtedly the opinion of commentators,
such as Judge Story, that there is no way to get
rid of a judge, however unpopular he may^e,
( however destitute he may be of the confidence of
I the people, unless by impeachment.
The committee think that an impeachment
ought to lie in all cases where there is a want of
good behavior. It is not necessary to prove him
guilty of high treason, or of highway robbery, or
of some indelicate crime. It is enough that he
has not fulfilled his duty as a judge in all respects,
so as to entitle himself to the confidence of the
people. The committee believe that if an im-
peachment is to be always defeated—to be always
a farce, the Constitution must be altered, in order
that we may be able to gef rid of improper judges.
Still, we think that, in this case, there is enough
to render necessary a full and fair examination.
It does not always follow, that a man must be
present when he is indicted by a grand jury.
Neither does it always follow that, because he is
indicted, he must be convicted. There undoubt-
edly should be prima facie evidence sufficient be-
fore the grand jury to satisfy" them that the man
whom they indict is guilty of the crimc, just as
there should be sufficient p)ima facie evidence in
cases of impeachment—which are analogous—to
show that the judge has failed in good official
behavior.
Now, sir, I will suggest that, where a suit
comes up before a judge, and he lends his aid, in
a case like this, to some of the defendants, who
appear to be the whole controllers of it, and ends
by violating a contract between them and the co-
defendants, he ought to be impeached. It looks
like a case which Chancellor Kent would scout
out of the court-room.
Mr. BOYCE. This is a matter of grave im-
portance. It has the sanction of the Legislature
of the State of Texas; on the other hand, I have
myself very recently heard the accused spoken
of with the greatest respect by a gentleman of
Texas whom I supposed trustworthy. I think we
ought to proceed with great deliberation, and not
until we have furnished Judge Watrous with a
copy of the charges and evidence, and he shall
have failed to answer the charges. Especially
ought we to pursue this prudent course, when
we consider the importance of preserving the in-
dependence of the judiciary, and the complex and
expensive nature of the proceedings on impeach-
ment. For my own part, such is my respect for
and confidence in the judiciary of this country, that-*
I shall require a very strong* case to be made, to
shake my confidence in any judge, especially in
one so gifted in intellect, and learned in the law,
as I have heard Judge Watrous is.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I desire to say, in reply
to the statement of the gentleman from South Car-
. olina, [Mr. Buyce,] that the committee also re-
i garded this as a very important question, and
proceeded to the investigation of it as early as
July last, and have had the subject before them,
and under consideration, since that time.
Mr. BARCLAY. This debate is out of order
on a motion to suspend the rules, and I object to
it.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask leave to make
an explanation. 1 desire, as a member of the
Committee on the Judiciary, to state that I huve
Jiad nothing to do in this thing. I have not
