1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
IMPROVEMENT OP CAPE FEAR RIVER.
The SPEAKER stated the question first in
order to be on ordering to be engrossed and read
a third time the bill (H. R. No. 187) establishing
collection districts, &c., on which the previous
question had been called by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Foller.1
Mr. WIN SLOW. I ask my friend from Maine
to give way for a moment to allow me to have
the Committee on Commerce discharged from the
further consideration of the bill for the improve-
ment of Cape Fear river.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I give way for the
gentleman.
Mr. WINSLOW. I had the honor of present-
ing resolutions from the General Assembly of the
State of North Carolina, asking Congress to make
a further appropriation for the improvement of
the Cape Fear river. The Senate has already
passed a bill making such appropriation. The
bill has been for some time before the Committee
on Commerce, and has received favorable consid-
eration from that committee. I therefore move to
suspend the rules for the purpose of introducing
a resolution to discharge the Committee on Com-
ndrce from the further consideration of this bill,
bo as to have it put upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that motion I
ask the yeas and nays, and shall ask them at
every stage when I can get them. I call for tollers
on the question.
Tellers were not ordered.
The House divided on the demand for the yeas
and nays; and there were—ayes 23, noes 106.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered, (one
fifth of those present not voting in the affirmative.)
The question was taken on Mr. Winslow's
motion; and on a division there were—ayes 76,
noes 45.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in the affirmative.)
COLLECTION DISTRICTS', ETC.
The SPEAKER stated that the question re-
curred on ordering House bill (No. 187) estab-
lishing the collection districts of theUnited States,
and designating the ports of entry and ports of
delivery in the same, and for other purposes, to
bo engrossed and read a third time; and that the
previous question had been called.
Mr. EVANS. I would be glad if the gentle-
man would state why he has made Aranzas, in
Western Texas, a collection district, and whether
" he knows how much revenue is collected there ?
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. In response to the
inquiry of the gentleman from Texas, which I
suppose he intends for the ear of the Ilouse, be-
cause I have responded to him on this subject
once already, I have to say that there is such a
town as Aranzas there, and that it was thought
by the Secretary of the Treasuryto be necessary
to make that a collection district.
Mr. EVANS. How much revenue is collected
there ?
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I am not aware that
a dollar is collected there. Is the gentlemen sat-
isfied ?
Mr. EVANS. Is there not more revenue col-
lected at Sabine City than at Aranzas ?
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. There is not a dol-
lar collectcd at Sabine City that I am advised of.
The document of receipts and expenditures does
not show of a dollar being collected at Sabine
City. I have exaipined them, and shown them
to the gentleman.
Mr. EVANS. I want to call attention to the
fact that Aranzas is made a collection district
by this bill. I do not know who owns the land
there, nor why it was made a collection district.
I wanted the gentleman to substitute one district
for another. He promised mo to do so, provided
I would obtain the consent 
Mr. FILLER, of Maine. I do not think it
proper that the time of the House should be oc-
cupied with what has transpired in committee. I
will answer any question the gentleman may pro-
pound to me in regard to the bill.
Mr. EVAtNS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw the call for the previous question, that I may
bring in an amendment to do justice to Texas.
EagMrn Texas has one collection district, and
W^Rrn Texas has five.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I decline to with-
draw the call for the previous question for that
purpose.
Mr. EVANS. Then I trust the bill will be
rcjfictftd •
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. The bill does not
make any alteration in the Galveston district, and
Saline City remains as it is, a port of delivery.
It maTtes no change in this respect wjhatever.
I withdraw the call for the previous question,
and offer a substitute for the pending bill and
amendments. When I have said what I wish to
say in explanation, I shall renew the call for the
previous question. The substitute embodies the
bill and amendments, the question being put in
this form for the purpose of obviating the difficulty
of acting on the pending amendments seriatim,
with two or three alterations, of which I gave
notice to the House on Monday last, and three
alterations which have been made in committee
since that time. They are as follows: First, in
section sixty-eight, substitute the word " Beau-
fort" for " Ocracoke,"an amendment made at the
request of the member from that district in North
Carolina, [Mr. Ruffin.]
The second amendment is to the section relative
to the mode of ascertaining the tonnage of vessels.
That section provides that the Secretary shall
prescribe the rule for ascertaining the tonnage of
vessels, and that he may alter that rule from time
to time. The alteration made to meet the objec-
tions of some gentlemen is, that the Secretary
shall proscribe the rule, but that, when fixed and
promulgated, it shall not be changed without au-
thority of law. The third amendment is the inser-
tion of the word principal, on page 331; so that a
bond executed by one of a firm shall bind the
firm, but not the sureties. These are all the alter-
ations proposed in the original bill by the sub-
stitute; and I deem it proper to state that they
have-received the sanction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
I have yielded from Monday to Monday that
members might understand the provisions of this
bill, and satisfy themselves whether there was
anything wrong in it. I am not aware that any
gentleman has any objection which would not be
fatal to the bill; and it is for the good sense of
this House to determine whether, under the safe-
guard which is thrown around the bill, by pro-
viding that it shall not go into operation until the
commencement of the fiscal year 1858, they will
pass it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the gentleman
to state that it is to go into operation at the com-
mencement of the fiscal year terminating in 1858.
If that is so, it will be on the first day of July
next, and before another session of Congress.
The fiscal year of 1858 commences on the 1st of
July, 1857, and terminates on the 30th of June,
1858.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I stand corrected.
The provision of the bill is in these words:
"This act shall go into effect and he in force from and
after tiie expiration orthe 30th of June, 1858."
I call the previous question.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to appeal to the gen-
tleman from Maine to withdraw his call for the
previous question; and I would state to him that
I do so with a view of saying something in oppo-
sition to this bill. I suppose the gentleman will
be adverse to withdrawing it, but I desire to show
my constituents, and the country, that lam ready
and on hand to oppose the bill.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I should be very
happy indeed to accommodate the gentlemen, and
have this bill debated section by section. I think
I could answer objections from many gentlemen,
that are now being made. But I am aware, at the
same time, that if I do so, it will be fatal to the
bill, for I know there is not time to go into an
examination of it. Therefore, 1 prefer to throw
the bill upon the sense of the House.
Mr. HAVEN. I concur with the gentleman
from Maine, that it would be fatal to the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill upon the table; and upon that motion, I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 79, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Albright, Ball, Barclay, Barksdaie,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bishop, Boeock, Brudshaw, Brenton,
Burnett, Carhle, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Clmgman,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Covode, Crawford, Cullen, David-
son, Dick, Dickson, Dunn, Durfee, Edmundaon, Edwards,
Evans, Foster, Garnett, Gilbert, Goode, J.Morrison Harris,
Sampson W. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hickman, Hoffman,
Thomas R. Horton, valentine B. Horton, Houston, Hughs-
ton, George W. Jones, Knight, Lake, Leiter, ketcner,
Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, M?Mii]Iin, Moore, Mor-
gan, Murray, Pame, Pelton, Perry, Pike, Powell, Poryear,
Quitman, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Robbing, Sapp, Savage,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Swope, Tap-
pan, Trafton, Trippe, Underwood, Waldron, Whitney,
Wood, Woodruff, Daniel B. Wright, Join} V. Wright, ana
ZoIlieoffer-79. b ' 6 '
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Allison, Bell, Henry Bennett,
*Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Branch, Broom, Buffinion, Burlin-
game, Caskie, Chaffee, Clawson, Comins, Cragin, Cum-
back, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, De
Witt, Dodd, English, Etheridge, Eustis, Flagler, Florence,
Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J, D. Fuller, Galloway, Granger,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Herbert, Hodges, Holloway, J.
Glancy Jones, K^ly, Kennett, Kidwell, King, Knapp,
Knowiton, Knox, Kunkel, Mace, Humphrey Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, McCarty, Killian Miller, Smith Miller,
Millson, Millward, Morrill, Norton, Packer, Parker, Peck,
Pettit, Porter, Piingle, Purviance, KulAn, Rust, Sabin,
Scott, Seward, Sherman, Simmons^Wiliiain Smith, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan, Thorington, Thurston,
Todd, Tyson, Vail, Valk, Wade, Walbridge, Cadwalader
C. Washburne, Elliliu B. Wasliburne, Israel Washburn,
Watkins, Watson, Welle, Wheeler, Winslow, and Wood-
worth—93.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I call the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question recurred upon the amendment, in
the nature of a substitute, offered by Mr. Fuller,
of Maine.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I callfor the' read-
ing of the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be
reported.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I move to suspend
the rules, in order that we riVay dispense with the
reading.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a point
of order. The previous question having been
seconded, and the main question ordered to be
now put, it is not in order to suspend the rules,
or do anything else than to proceed with the
reading of the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion to suspend (he rules in order to dis-
pense with the reading of the amendment, is in
order; but a motion to suspend the rules to intro-
duce any other subject, would not be in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The House has
ordered the main question to be now put.
The SPEAKER. A motion to suspend the
rules for any other purpose would notbe in order;
but upon the question " Shall the amendment be
read this day? the Chair thinks it is competent
to suspend the rules after the previous question
has been ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair; and upon that I
ask for the yeas and nays. Can the Chair cite
any precedent for his decision ?
The SPEAKER. There are precedents upon
the Journals which justify entertaining the mo-
tion to suspend the rules for this purpose.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. After the main
question has been ordered ?
Mr. DAVIDSON. I desire to ask whether the
reading of a paper is not the personal right of a
member?
The SPEAKER. It is a personal right which
the Chair has very frequently enforced, but the
House has a rule that on this day the rules may
be suspended.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I wouldlike to know how,
if it be a personal right, the majority of the House
can take it from him ?
The SPEAKER. It is a right derived from the ■
rules of the House, and has no other source. The
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] asks for
a precedent on the appeal which he takes, and the
Chair instructs the Clerk to read one from the
Journal of the Thirty-Second Congress.
The Clerk read the following extracts:
"Mr. Houston moved the previous question ; which was
seconded, and the main question ordered to be put.
"Mr. Cabell having called for the reading of the Senate
amendments, ... j j
"Mr. Clingman moved that the rules be suspended so as
to enable him to move that the reading of the said amend-
ments be dispensed with. ,
" Mr KwiNamade the pomtof orderthat the said motion
was not in order, on the ground that cach member had a
right to have every proposition read, upon which he might
