1851
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
tract with the Panama Railroad Company for
carrying the mails: which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 548) establishing a
mail route on Puget Sound, in Washington Ter-
ritory, reported it with an amendment.
On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of the lieirs
of Thomas Hazard, and that it be leferred to the Commit-
tee on Clanps. „
On motion of Mr. FOSTER, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of Mary Ben-
nett, widow of Charles W. Bennett.
WEIGHTS AND MEASURES TO VERMONT.
Mr. PEARCE. I have been directed by the
Committee on the Library, to whc*n was referred
the House resolution (J. R. No. 27) providing
for the furnishing of a complete set of weights
and measures to the State of Vermont, to report
it back, with a recommendation that it pass. I
ask that it be put on its passage at once; there
can be no objection to it.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
joint resolution, which directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to cause a complete set of all the
Weights and measures adopted as standards, such
as are made for the use of the several custom-
houses, to be delivered to the Governor of the
State of Vermont, or such person as he may ap-
point, for the use of that State, in order to replace
those recently destroyed by fire in the State Cap-
itol.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. GREEN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a joint resolution
(S. No. 50) to authorize the selection of other
lands in lieu of the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections in certain cases in Kansas Territory;
which was read twice by its title,and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
POST ROUTE IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. JOHNSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po-t Office and
Post Itoads be directed to inquire into the expediency of
creating a mail route from Camden, via Magnolia, to Louis-
ville, Arkansas.
NEW SURVEYOR GENERAL.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to: •
Resolved, That the Secretary of tile Interior be requested
to inform the Senate whether, in his opinion, there is any
necessity lor creating an additional surveyor general's oflice
in the district now composed of Wisconsin, Iowa, and
Minnesota, and what would be the cost per annum of main-
taining the same.
PORTS OF DELIVERY IN IOWA.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing ports of deliv-
ery at Council Bluffs and Sioux City, m the State of Iowa.
GEORGE WHITMAN.
Mr. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, under date ol'22d January last, communicating papers
relating to the claim of George Whitman, be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with instrucuons to consider
and report thereon.
„ HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following motion
for consideration:
Ordered, That for the residue of the present cession the"
daily hour of meeting of the Senate uhall be eleven o'clock,
unless otherwise ordered.
SENATOR FROM INDIANA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire of the Chair
■Hjkether the motion to refer the papers in the In-
diana senatorial case, which was pending at the
adjournment last evening, is not now in order?
Tne PRESIDENT pro tempore. Yes, sir, it
has precedence as a question of privilege.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that that motion may
be considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Texas [Air. Rusk] will be
read.
Mr. RUSK. It is simply a motion to refer the
papers on the table to the Committee On the Ju-
diciary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator state what papers he desires to have referred?
Mr. RUSK. The proceedings of the Senate of
Indiana in anticipation of the election, and the
protest of certain members of the Senate and
House of Representatives afterwards.
Mr. HALE. And the credentials also.
Mr. RUSK. That is unnecessary. The cre-
dentials are here subject to the inspection of the
committee; but I will amend the motion so as to
include them, if that be desired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Texas moves that the credentials of theSen-
ator from Indiana, yesterday admitted to his seat,
[Mr. Fitch,] together with the papers presented
by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trdmbull,] j
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. I
The propriety of referring the subject to the
Judiciary Committee, or to a select committee,
was argued by various Senators. The case was
referred to the Judiciary Committee. The debate
will be published hereafter. [See Appendix for
it.]
ELECTION OF SENATORS.
Mr. PEARCE gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill prescribing the time
and manner of electing Senators of the United
States by the Legislatures of the several States.
Mr. GIIEEN submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Retolvcd, That the Committee on the Judicimy be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing bv law
for iho tune and manner of electing United States Senators
liy the several States, in pui nuance of the Constitution, and
that they report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. BUTLER submitted the following resolu-
tion for consideration:
Resolved, That there be added to the standing commit-
tees a Committee on Privileges and Elections, to consist
of seven members.
PRIORITY OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. A bill of my honorable
colleague was the special order for yesterday.
Does it not come up now ?
Mr. YULEE. There is a special order prece-
dent to that of which the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania speaks.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order for this day is a bill to provide for the trans-
portation of the United States mails upon rail-
roads, and it is the only special order for this
day.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have this suggestion to
make to the Senate. The bill providing for the
survey of the Ohio river was made the special
order for yesterday, at the instance of my col-
league, who desires to occupy the floor on that
subject. It went over yesterday in consequence
of the question of privilege. I think, therefore,
it is due to the subject, as well as due to my col-
league, that that bill should be taken up. It was
the special order for yesterday, and fQrthe reason
which I have just suggested, I hope it will be
taken up.
Mr. BIGLER. I am exceedingly anxious that
the bill to which my colleague has referred should
be considered and disposed of. It was the special
order for yesterday, and it was cut off by the
question of privilege. But I beg to state that a
remark of my colleague may make a wrong im-
pression on the Senate. I'have no inclination
whatever to make a set speech on the question
of surveying the Ohio river. I hope it will not be
necessary. I only desire to make such explana-
tions as may be necessary for the information
of the Senate. I hope the bill will pass without
delay, and I therefore second the motion to pro-
ceed to its consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved j
to postpone all prior orders for the purpose of j
proceeding to the consideration of the bill (S. No. j
470) to provide for a survey of the Ohio river and ;
its principal tributaries I
Mr. BENJAMIN. I must object to this., I
objected on Friday and on Saturday to the taktag
up of special orders. I was voted down by the '
Senate—the Senate dfcsiring to get on the private
bills. The bill for the improvement of the western
rivers by con tract (S. No. 50«) has been the special
order now for three weeks, and constantly post-
poned by motions to take up some other bill by-
way of preference. The time of the Senate, for
the short remainder of the session, will, if these
motions are persisted in, be exhausted in debates
on the order of business. If we will only take up
the business in the order in which it stands on the
docket, we shall get through without difficulty; '
but if we are to have every day a debate on what
we shall take up, the whole time of the Senate
will be consumed. I hope the Senate will take up
the business in order.
Mr. YULEE. Do I understand the Senator
from Louisiana as objecting to our proceeding
with the regular order of the day, and substi-
tuting for it the bill proposed by the Senator from
Pennsylvania?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No, sir. I am insisting on •
the regular order by which the bill for the im-
provement of western rivers by contract will be
reached to-day. If we leave the regular order, it
will not be reached., My bill is the first special
order but one, and it has been st> now for three
weeks. I have been urging on the Senate to take
it up, and I must insist on it. I hope those who
are in favor of the bill will refuse to waive the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should have no objection
to the course which the Senator from Louisiana
suggests, if it would accomplish his object. His
bill was made the special order some time ago—
but if we yield to his suggestion, and refuse to
postpone the special order now under considera-
tion, we do not reach his bill, but we reach the bill
which was only two or three days ago made the
special order for this day. That is the effect of
the course he suaajests.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Permit me to put a ques-
tion. I will ask the Chair whether the special
orders heretofore appointed by the Senate do not
take precedence of those more recently appointed
for to-day ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 31st rule
of the Senate provides that the special orders,
if they are not reached on the day for which
they are assigned, shall take their places on the
Calendar with relation to the time at which they
have been made special _ orders. There is but
one special order for to-day, which is the bill
to provide for the transportation of the United
States mails upon railroads. The next special
order was the bill making provision to compen-
sate agents for paying pensions, which was last
made the special order for Monday, the 22d of
January. Next to that is the bill referred to by
the Senator from Louisiana, which was made the
special order for the same day.
Mr. YULEE.- The bill which comes up as the
special order for to-day was appointed specifically
for this day. We were notified by the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Brodhead] that it was
a bill which would receive very decided opposi-
tion from the gentlemen representing that State.
If the bill is to receive that opposition from those
gentlemen, I hope they will, instead of interposing
another question which will supersede the chance
of considering the measure now properly in order,
meet the issue to which they say they are opposed
and on which they threaten along discussion. If
the bill which is now properly in order, and which
was postponed at the instance and for the con-
venience of the Senators from Pennsylvania to
this day, is to lead to debate, the sooner we reach
it the better, for it is a bill of large importance^
touching the interests of almost every State in the
Union, and especially of the new States.
I hope the Senate will not permit this bill to
be superseded by a bill urged by the Senators
from Pennsylvania, who'hafe expressed a de-
cided opposition to, and hope to defeat, if they
can, the measure which they now propose to set
aside for the purpose of bringing up another.
Without such a design on their part—for I do
not attribute that design—the effect of the propo-
sition which they make is to assist them as one
step in the means of opposition to tiie measure
which is properly in order to-day; and I am sure
they would be unwilling to take advantage of
