634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
such means to oppose and defeat a measure in
hostility to which they stand. I dare say that
consequence did not occur to them> else the prop-
osition would not have cotae from the Senator
from Pennsylvania, at whose instance the bill to
which I allude was postponed, and postponed to
this day.
Mr. BRODBEAD. I must correct an error
into which the Senator from Floridahas inadvert-
ently fallen.' He seems to indicate to the Senate
that this day was assigned for the consideration
of his bill at the instance of my colleague and
myself. That bill was brought forward, and the
motion to make it the special order made by the
Senator frowrFlorida. I was then resisting it as I
am now. An early day for its consideration was
not fixed at my instance. All that I said when I
first took the floor to-day was, that the bill pro-
viding for the survey of the "Ohio river was
assigned for consideration yesterday, and that
it was pushed aside by a question of privilege
coming from the State of Indiana, and that there-
fore it was not only right, but it was a matter of
courtesy to be extended to my colleague, that he
should have a hearing—a brief one—on that bill.
He states that he only desires to explain its pro-
visions briefly. I therefore made the motion to
postpone the bill now said to be before the Senate,
for the purposed taking up the Ohio river bill.
Mr. STUART. I do not intend to interfere
with this discussion at all; I simply wish to call
the attention of the Chair and the Senate to the
rule, to see if we cannot have a decision upon that
rule which will guide us permanently hereafter;
for it must be obvious to all, that discussions as
to the priority of business will consume all the
time if we indulge in them. The 31st rule pro-
vides that the Senate may make special orders
from time to time,.agreeably to its judgment. If
it to-day assigns a bill to be considered next Wed-
nesday, as the special order, that assignment will
take precedence of any assignment made hereafter
for the same day. That is the clear reading of the
rule. Now to apply it to the case before theSenate.
The rule is: " When the hour shall have arrived
for the cousideiation of a special order," if there
be no business before the Senate, which is the
unfinished business of yesterday, then the special
order comes up; and if there be more than one
special order, they must be called up in the order in
which they were assigned. If an order was made
for three weeks ago, but it was not considered
then, that special order will, under the rale, take
precedence of one made for to-day, so that when
the Chair calls the special order of the day, it is
tile first special order on the Calendar. Other-
wise, the Chair will see that an order made yes-
terday for to-day would take precedence of one
made three weeks ago for a day two weeks past,
which would controvert the rule.
"Now, sir, I submit that the first special order
which was made at this session for a day now
past, is the special order for to-day atone o'clock.
That is undoubtedly the rule. If we pursue that
course, the questions which will be submitted
from time to time to the Senate, will be simply
■whether they will lay aside the special order and
take up another measure, and that will save us all
the debate as to the piiority of business. I have
looked at the orders. The Chair has several times
announced, and I suppose correctly, that the first
special order on the Calendar is the bill for com-
pensating agents for paying pensions.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
is right.
Mr. STUART. Whatever the bill may be,
makes no difference. I was only going to illus-
t!ate oy that bill. If the pension agents bill be
the fust special order, the view which I wish to
submit to the consideration of the Chair, is this:
"that when the hour of one o'clock arrives, and
there is no unfinished business of yesterday, the
true announcement should be that that is the first
special order. Then jx motion may be made to
pos'pene it and take up a subsequent bill; but that
is the order in winch the special orders should be
called. I think if the Chair will turn his atten-
tion to the whole of the olst rule, he will find it
to be so. I am aware that the first subdivision
of it would indicate something else, but the whole
of the 31st rule must, I am sure, receive the con-
struction which I have suggested.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the 31st rule prescribes what shall
be done with special orders, and there are four
provisions in it. The Chair has considered and
has understood it to be the usage of the Senate,
that if a special order be assigned for a particular
hour, when the day and hour come the Chair must
call that special order in preference to special
orders which had been previously assigned and
passed over.
Mr. STUART. I wish to state a historical
fact. That was the usage of the Senate up to the
time when the 31st rule was amended at the last
session. The Chair is correct. That was the
usage; and it was that very usage which produced
the difficulty and confusion, and the rule which is
now the 31st rule was agreed upon by a select
committee, and submitted to the Senate for the I
purpose of obviating that usage, and placing the |
special orders in the order of their assignment as I
to time. I think my honorable friend from Ver- j
mont, [Mr. Foot,] who was the immediate organ [
of the committee who reported this rule, will j
confirm what I have said on that subject. 1 only I
wish now — and I confess I have some anxiety j
about it with a view to facilitate business—that
the Senate will, at this time, determine what is
the construction of the rule, so that we may know
hereafter how we are to proceed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair can
only understand the rules as they are written.
The 31st rule provides that " when two or more
subjects shall have been specially assigned for ,
consideration, they shall take precedence accord- :
ing to the order of time at whish they were j
made; and such order shall at no time be lost or j
changed, except by direction of the Senate." j
The Chair will of course conform in his con- j
struction of the rules to whatever may be the
sense of the Senate, and will be very happy to
have that ascertained.
Mr. YULEE. I wisli to set right the %cts
in respect to this matter. The majority of the
committee from which the bill was reported were
desirous of its early consideration. The Senator
from Pennsylvania, who was the minority of the
committee, was not prepared for considering it
immediately in the Senate. It was after consult-
ation with him that a day in this week was ar-
ranged for its consideration by the Senate, and
the motion was made by me last week, and a day
appointed with reference to his convenience, as
he very well knows and understands, having been
informed by him that he would not be prepared
until a day in this week.
Mr. BRODHEAD. You do not allude to me?
Mr. YULEE. No; to your colleague. I think
that, under the circumstances, it comes with an
ill grace from the Senators from Pennsylvania to
seek to supersede this order by another of their
own motion.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no issue with the Sen-
ator from Florida on the questions of fact; I have
made none; and I certainly do not wish to be
guilty of an act that is of ill grace on my part.
I stated to the Senate that having made a bill, a
measure of peculiar importance to my constitu-
ents, the special order for yestprday, it was post-
poned by the power of a question of privilege,
and I appealed to the Senate, in view of this fact,
to take up that bill, not for the purpose of inter-
fering with the bill of the Senator from Florida,
but with a view only of passing the bill for the
survey of the Ohio river. I have no idea of evad-
ing the issup which the Senator from Florida pro-
poses, or escaping from it in any way. Why,
sir, there is no occasion to do that. I think it
will be a very easy matter for the Senators from
Pennsylvania to satisfy the Senate that the meas-
ure which the Senator from Florida is so exceed-
ingly anxious to have considered this hour should
not pass to-day, or any other day. I venture to
predict that it never will pass. I am prepared to
debate it now. It is true that, when the Senator
suggested that he wished to make the bill a special
order for last week, I said I was not ready, and
I insisted on its postponement until some day this
week. He acquiesced in that suggestion; but it
was not intended, and not anticipated, that the
bill which I had reported, of peculiar importance
to my constituents, should be displaced by this,
or any other. I have made no objection to con-
sidering his bill; I only insist on the passage of
a bill which I think more important to my con-
stituents.
Now, a word on the question of order. It is
exceedingly important to the Senate, not only to
the progress of business, but to the dignity of the
body, and the ease with which business is dis-
patched, that we understand the question raised
by the Senator from Michigan. I am very anx-
ious to concur in his views of the rule just now;
but I am far more inclined to the accuracy of
your view, Mr. President. It is competent for
the Senate to make special orders; and when the
hour for those orders arrives, the bill which is the
special orderis before the Senate under that rule.
If it goee over, then it takes its position on the
Calendar of special orders. But, sir, if when a
bill be made the special order for a particular hour,
it is not to be taken up when that hour comes,
then you are not making special orders, but you
are making a Calendar to be considered according
to its priority. That is the difficulty with the
view presented by the Senator from Michigan.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will allow me
to interrupt him for a moment, I will show him
that the fourth clause of this rule is perfectly con-
clusive, though I think there would be no question
without it. The fourth clause is:
" Special orders shall not lose their position on account
of intervening adjournments; nor shall they lose their
relative position on the Calendar, except by vote of the
Senate, until finally disposed of."
It is perfectly conclusive that the Senate in-
tended by that rule not to allow a special order
made yesterday for one o'clock to-day, to take
precedence of an order that was made for a day,
three weeks ago, and which had been crowded
out on account of other business.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Michigan still fails to meet the point which
your decision has presented. I agree that his
position is perfectly sound as to the bill which I
am anxious to consider; ithas been passed over,
and now takes its position under the fourth clause
of the rule; but the bill which was made the
special order for this'hour must be considered,
and if considered and postponed it will occupy
the position to which the Senator from Michigan
would assign it.
Mr. BUTLER. I rise to a question of order.
I am sure my friend from Pennsylvania will allow
me to do so—not that I am very much interested
in the business; but I call on the Chair to decide
what is the subject for consideration now. If the
Chair is right, we will abide by it; if not, we shall
appeal from the decision.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has decided.
Mr. BUTLER. What is the decision ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has decided, but will submit cheerfully to the de-
cision of the Senate, that the first special order is
the order made for one o'clock to-day, being a bill
to provide for the transportation of the United
States mail Rn railroads.
Mr. BUTLER. I dislike to take an appeal
from the decision of the Chair; but I do not agree
with him.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
by the Senator from Pennsylvania to postpone
that, and all other prior orders, for the purpose
of taking up the bill he has indicated. That is
the question before the Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. Before the question is taken,
I wish to call the attention of the Senate to the
effect of the decision which is insisted upon by
my friend from Michigan. If we go back, and
determine that the Chair has not decided cor-
rectly, but that the oldest special order on the
Calendar is to be first considered, unless post-
poned by a vote of the majority, then the special
orders made at the last session, and continued
over to this session, that have not been disposed
of, come up. A bill, which I had the honor to
introduce, to amend the naturalization Jaws, is, I
believe, the oldest special order on the Calendar.
Then, again, I had a special order made per-
haps the first that was made for this session in
reference to the reorganization of the Depart-
ments of this Government, which was once con-
sidered, and has been overslaughed by other
measures. Therefore, if you succeed m over-
ruling the decision of the Chair, there are various
older special orders than the favorite measures
of the gentlemen on the other side.
In reference to the postponement of the Mil
which the Chair has decided to be before the Sen-
ate, I will not consume time in talking about the
