p
\-~f:
1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
another; and hence the constitutional provision
to which 1 have alluded positively prohibits it,
even if the ordinary construction of the import
of the terms conveying the power to regulate did
not condemn it.
But, sir, I will answer the Senator's queetipn.
The Ohio might be useful,but there are railroads
still more useful for expedition' and cheapness of
transportation. This brings tip a question of
expediency. If the Government desire to make
use of this, that, or the other means of commu-
nication from one part of the Union to the other,
the question is, which is most expedient—which
is most economical?
Mr. BIGLER. The same objection is good as
to the western rivers.
Mr. GREEN. The same objection is good
there when you get your railroads and other
"modes of conveyance;"but until you get them—
until you get some means to transport your troops
and munitions of war, and all those supplies re-
quired by the wants of the Government, its Army
and its Navy, you must provide some other.
Hence, as I have said, I will vote for an appro-
priation to the Mississippi; it might be that I
would vote for an appropriation to the Missouri
and the Arkansas, and I expect it is true; but the
mere possibility that I would vote for a feasible
proposition which might result in good, will not
. justify me in an appropriation of $70,000 for a
survey that cannot possibly result in any good,
and for a purpose beyond the purview of the Con-
stitution of the United States. This is just the
position I take.
It was once advised by one of the best generals
we had in our Army, to defend our coast and our
forts by providing military roads and railroads.
As a military defense of the country, it is a ques-
tion of expediency whether you will have your
forces so as to ially them and throw them to dif-
ferent points where the exigencies of the public
service may require, or whether you will not. It
is a question of expediency; and 1 hold that tins
Government may make a railroad, may dig a
canal, may improve a river—all of which depends
upon whether the public service requires it or not.
I,.as a strict constructionist, am not so stickhsh
as to say that Congress cannot lay an iron rail,
Congress cannot dig a canal, Congress cannot im-
prove a river; 1 hold it can—but tor what purpose
can it do this? Not to benefit you and myself,
but for the purpose of carrying out some consti-
tutional end authorized by the Government's insti-
tution. All those ends are specified in the Con-
stitution—they are all marked out. Your powers
are definite and fixed. Hence, I am governed
alone, as one of the representatives of a State in
this Federal association of States, by the power
which the Constitution gives me That Consti-
tution docs not give me power to make a Quixotic
survey of the Ohio river for the benefit of com-
merce, however laudable, just, and worthy of
commendation, or for the benefit of cities, how-
ever so much I may admire them, nor for any
other purpose, save an end for which" this Gov-
ernment was instituted.
Mr. President, I have deemed it my duty—a
reluctant duty—an unpleasart duty—to make
these remarks to explain my vote. I do it at this :
time, so that all may understand that I voted to 1
lay this bill on the table because I believed it was
a wasteful expcndituie of money, and that the
objects contemplated, as presented by the friends
of the bill, were beyond the purview of the Fed-
eral Government.
Mr. PUGH. I do not see, Mr. President, how
the bill before the Senate could give rise to the
course of argument adopted by the honorable
Senator from Missouri; and I think it is because
the honorable Senator misunderstood the purpose
of the bill that he voted to lay it on the table, and
now "makes his objection.
I profess myself to belong to the strict con-
struction school; for although I do not agree with
the very sweeping propositions delivered by the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and the
Senators from Virginia, at the last session, I
certainly showed by my votes that I would only
support those appropriations which I believed to
be proper with a view to the general welfare and
the common defense. If the proposition were
before the Senate to-day to appropriate money to
construct any orre of these works, 1 should not
be prepared, without further light, to vote for it.
I wi'.i say that frankly. I will not vote to con-
struct any work within the limits of a State. I
think that is about as far as the Senator from
Missouri himself will go.
Mr. GREEN. By no means. Permit me to
explain '
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. I wish to say emphatically that
I cannot go, never have gone, and never will go,
as far as the declaration of the Senator from
Ohio goes, that he will vote for anything he may
conceive to be for the general welfare. I cannot
go that far. Unless a measure be to carry out an
end for which the Government was instituted, I
must vote against it.
Mr. PUGH. Of course, I mean with reference
to that end. The Constitution of the United States
says that Congress shall have power to levy du-
ties, imposts, and excises, in order to provide
for the common defense and general welfare. Of
course these are very large terms, and it is a ques-
tion among us all what appropriations are proper.
However, it was not my purpose to go into that.
This is a bill to provide for a survey—nothing
else on the face of the earth. Now, sir, has it
ever been declared in the Senate that that was
unconstitutional? We have appropriated more
than seventy thousand dollars to survey the river
La Plata and its tributaries in South America;
and this very session — not one week ago —we
passed a resolution, without dissent, upon the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] to inquire of the Secretary of the Navy
whejher it was not proper to appropriate $50,000
more. We have sent an expedition all the way
to Japan, and printed the books in regard to it.
We have sent expeditions to South America—for
what' To explore, :o survey, to ascertain. Did
that involve the i.ecessity of deeming whether,
after we had ascertained a body of facts, we were
to go on and appropriate money for the purpose
of carrying out any scheme ? Certainly not.
But I will refer to a case which must lie within
the recollection of several Senators. At the last
session a bill was introduced to survey the Atcha-
falaya river and bay, by the Senator from Louis-
iana, [Mr. Seidell,] in the heat of all the dis-
cussion of the last session. A question was asked
as to that bill, when the Senior from Louisiana
rose and said that it was simply a bill for a
survey, and the call for the yeas and nays was
withdrawn, and the bill passed without dissent.
Being a bill for a survey, it was asserted that it
did notinvolve the constitutional question. What
is the Atehafalaya river r It is supposed to have
been one of the ancirnt outlets of the Mississippi
leading from a place near the mouth of Red Paver
into tiie Gulf of Mexico. Do you know, sir,
why the proposition has been made to survey
the A tchafalaya river ? If not, I can tell you. It
is to carry out the very idea of this bill. What
is the difficulty ' It is a certain fact, no longer
the subject of dispute, that there is water enough
in the Ohio river within the twelve months of the
year, if kept at its proper stage, to maintain an
equal and uniform navigation. There is no ques-
tion about it. What is the difficulty? In the
spring of the year the whole of this water is pre-
cipitated into the Mississippi, and it drowns our
good neighbors in Mississippi. They want the
Atehafalaya river opened for the purpose ofletting
their water run to the Gulf instead of Hooding
them. That is the reason they have asked us to
provide for the survey of the Atehafalaya river,
and we passed the bill in the Senate without a
division, and that, too, when we had been lighting
days and weeks upon every proposition to appro-
priate §5,000 to construct any woik.
This is said to be a Gluixotic proposition. Let
us see. Would the Senator believe that it has
been actually tried—tried for fifty years probably
—that it has been applied to all the rivers of Italy
—that it has been applied to some of the rivers m
France.' Within the last twelve months the Em-
peror of France, with all his engineers and his
corps of picked scientific men, has explored the
rivers of France for the purpose of ascertaining
its practicability, and bus directed the engineer
corps to proceed—for what purpose? To prevent
floods in the lower part of the river. That is the
whole of this proposition. In the early settlement
of the western territory, when the forests were
unbroken, and th'e streams that supplied the Ohio
river end its tributaries were obstructed by a thou-
sand natural dams, the water was withheld, and it
flowed off during the course of the year. AA all
that country has been settled up, lias been laid
open, has been drained, this water has been ear-
ned into the river, and goes off in a body. , It
produces floods, destructive of life and property,
not only along that river, but along the Missis-
sippi; for it is a feet well ascertained that it is the
water of the Ohio river that does all the mischief
in the South. The waters of the Missouri do not
arrive there until too late in the summer to be of
any serious mischief. It is the water that comes
into the Mississippi from the Ohio, meeting the
Arkansas and Red Rivers at their mouths, that
produces nil the overflow in Mississippi and Lou-
isiana. We have provided, then, as far as we
could, for remedying the injury that is inflicted by
this cause on the people of Louisiana. It is this
want of uniformity in the water that causes the
Ohio river to freeze. It never freezes except
from the lack of water.
I say again, my present impression is that I
shall not vote for any bill to construct any of
these works; but I desire a survey. Why not?
We have surveyed the whole Atlantic coast.
What for? To ascertain, to see what it may be
right and proper for us to do. Why not survey
this river? Does that involve any constitutional
question ? I do not see it. We have surveyed
all other parts of the country, our Atlantic coast,
our Pacific coast, our,gulf coast, our lake coast,
we provided for a survey of the Mississippi river,
but it was not completed. Six years ago, in this
body, on the report of a select committee, com-
prising men of all political opinions, comprising
the present Secretary of War, who, I take it, is
as strict a constructionist as can be found, Mr.
Clay, and others, a bill was reported making
an appropriation to survey the delta of the Mis-
sissippi. That meant the whole of the Missis-
sippi below the mouth of the Ohio. Some sur-
vey a were made, and the appropriation expired.
When tins bill speaks of Mr. Ellet's proposi-
tion, it does not speak of it because Mr. Ellct is
the author of it; but it speaks of it as simply
having by him been reduced to form and proposed
to Congress as the result of that survey. A sur-
vey of the Mississippi valley, or rather of what
is called the delta, being the river below the
mouth of the Ohio, satisfied him and the engi-
neers associated with him that there could be no
piotection to those people against floods, except
by with holding the water at its source. That is
natural. Gentlemen may say this is duixotic,
but the principle vindicates itself. It can stand
all the ridicule that may be put upon it by its
simple nature. As Louis Napoleon said in the
article to which I have lefcrred, it is not the water
that falls in any valley which does the mischief;
it is the wafer that falls on the mountain, for it
does not sink into the earth there; it is carried off
into the stream.
Now, what has been the consequence ? Here
is this great valley, reaching from the mouth of
the Mississippi to the Alleghany Mountains on
the one side, and the Rocky Mountains on the
other, interested m a uniform control of the Mis-
sissippi river and its tributaries, for it is all one
proposition. If this plan can be successfully ap-
plied to the Ohio river, it at once relieves tho State
of Louisiana from overflows. It is demonstrated
of itself that it can be applied to the Missouri
river, as well as of the main stem of the Missis-
sippi. I only ask to give us light. There has
been a diversity of propositions. There is a prop-
osition—I did not introduce it, it was added to
this bill by the Committee on Commerce—to con-
tinue the surveys of the main stem of the Ohio,
which have been suspended for many years, with
a view to ascertain whether we can introduce locks
and dams. I do not believe we can; lam opposed
to locks and dams in every shape; but still 1 have
no objection to ascertaining whether there is any
prospect of success. I only desire that it may be
ascertained by competent engineers whether these
reservoirs can be constructed, and at what cost
and where they can be located; but if, after the
survey is made, it falls outside of the powers
which I think are .vested in this Government, I
shall bring in a bill to authorize the States which
are interested in the navigation of the Mississippi
and Ohio rivers to make a compact among them-
selves for the purpose of carrying it out.
Why should Senators start up with such alarm
