1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
689
to survey them, nor will you survey them your-
selves. It is the old story of the dog in the
manger.
Mr. BIGLER. In this connection I beg to
state to the Senator from Mississippi—perhaps
my friend from Ohio is not aware of the fact—
that a company has been organized by the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania with a view to this im-
provement; but it is met with the difficulty that
it has no right to prosecute the examination out-
side of the State of Pennsylvania. It becomes
necessary to obtain the consent of all the States
bordering on the Ohio river before it can proceed.
If the Ohio river was within the limits of Penn-
sylvania alone, this company of which I am
speaking would have made the surveys, and
f>robably have adopted a scheme of improvement
ong ago.
Mr. ADAMS. Let me take one of the Sena-
tors at a time. The Senator from Ohio suggests
that the Ohio river runs through different States,
and that the necessary rights cannot be obtained
without application to many States, and therefore
he says there is a difference between the Ohio
river and those to which I have called attention.
In that the Senator is as much at fault as he is in
other respects. The rivers to which I have re-
ferred, particularly the one running the most
through the State of Mississippi, paps through
the States of Alabama and Mississippi, and the
very same difficulty which occurs in his case
exists there. The argument is as strong for the
one as for the other.
The Senator from Pennsylvania says that a
company has been organized for the purpose of
making this improvement of the Ohio river, and
that, as there arc various States having jurisdic-
tion, they must come to the Congress of the United
States to obtain powers and rights. I ask what
authority this Government has to grant rights of
this kind? If this power only is necessary, I
would say, let the States which have jurisdiction
attend to the subject, and let not these persons
come here, but let them go to the States.
I did not rise, however, to discuss the merits
of this question, but only to ask that other rivers,
equally meritorious, should have the same con-
sideration that is asked for the Ohio.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. This bill, Mr. Presi-
dent, contains two propositions: one for the pur-
pose of endeavoring to keep up and make naviga-
ble, all the year, the Ohio river, by collecting and
preserving the water m reservoirs, and admitting
it at proper times,into the river. The other is to
make an accurate survey of the river with all its
obstructions, and have a'report as to the proper
means of remedying those obstructions by dams or
otherwise. As to the first of the two propositions,
I confess I .have not much reliance upon it. This
may perhaps be owing to my want of proper
knowledge and information on the subject; but I
cannot confide in the means of improving the
navigation of this river from these reservoirs. I
should hardly be willing to vote $50,000 for the
purpose of making experiments, the results of
which I should anticipate so unfavorably.
Mr. PUGH. Allow me to inform my friend
that that appropriation is not to make an experi-
ment. That was a mistake of the Senator from
Tennessee. It is simply to make a survey of the
river and tributaries.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not think anything
can come out of that experiment, taken any way.
But, as for the survey, I consider it eminently
useful, as furnishing a guide for any future pro-
ceedings which Congress may please to adopt,
with a view of improving the navigation. I am
a little surprised at this day to hear such a loud
and unanimous declaration against the power of
Congress to make this appropriation. One who
was here during the last session of Congress, and
saw us voting upon the President's vetoes, could
hardly imagine that so suddenly such a spirit of
opposition and resistance to measures of this sort
would be manifested. If precedents and author-
ities can control the opinions of gentlemen, I think
it is too late to question the constitutional power
of Congress to improve the navigation of the Ohio
• river.
Mr. GREEN. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word in explanation? As the junior
member of this body, I did not desire to obtrude
opinions denying the power of Congress; I took
it for granted that they were understood; and I
only referred to them as influencing me. I beg
leave further to remark, that if my tone was a
little loud, it was because I desired the Senate,
and particularly the Senator from Ohio, to under-
stand me. 1 will say further, that I can see rea-
sons why the mouth of the Mississippi should
be deepened for the use of the Federal Govern-
ment disconnected entirely with commercial rela-
tions, and why the Senate would be justified in
voting for such an appropriation on grounds
which do not apply to the Ohio. I do notintend
to show what those reasons are, but I can show
that they might be possible. I make this remark
now, that the Senator from Kentucky may under-
stand that I am governed in all the positions I
take by a reason, whether it be sufficient or not.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not question that
Mr. President, and I can assure the gentleman
that I intended no disrespectful rc&rencc to him,
or to anything he has said. If for no other rea-
son, the personal consideration I have for him
would prevent it. I spoke only of the volume of
opinions and denunciations against the constitu-
tional power to interfere for the improvement of
the Ohio river. I say that, so far as precedent
goes, it is as well established as a constitutional
power, as is the light to survey the bottom of the
sea all along your coast. You are now engaged
in that work, and have been, and I trust will con-
tinue to do so until the great object is accom-
plished. At an enormous expense Vou are doing
this, surveying not only your coast, but out into
the deep sea, for the purpose of finding a shorter
and safer channel for the commerce of the coun-
try. *Here is the Ohio river; and Mr. Calhoun
himself said that hese rivers deserved to be con-
sidered inland seas, and to be treated accordingly,
destroying thereby all constitutional grounds of
distinction and difference in our action between
our Atlantic coast and these inland seas nf ours,
which our commerce must traverse before it can
reach the ocean. This was his doctrine.
But, sir, I refer to precedents on this subject.
You have been at work attempting to improve
the navigation of this river for years and years—
more than twenty yeais; and are you now to an-
nounce it as a clear, determined proposition and
purpose, that no appropriation shall be made for
the improvement of the Ohio juver? I say that
it is too late, I think, for genuemcn to rest upon
individual opinions against the settled authority
of this Government. We must have disputed
questions settled at some time or other. Unless
we have a Government in whose heart and soul
is planted the seed of discord and agitation, we
must, by authority and by practice and by usage,
consider things at some time settled. There can
be no stability in the administration of a Govern-
ment where everything is eternally in question,
and eternally in dispute.
I did not expect, therefore, to hear, on a bill for
the improvement of the Ohio river, a question
made as to the power of this Government to im-
prove this river.- My honorable friend from South
Carolina, [Mr. Bujlei:,] to whom 1 always listen j
with pleasure whether 1 can do it in concurrence j
with the opinions he announces or not, seems to
object to this bill rather on the ground that we
are interfering with the works of God. He would
rather trust to Him. 1 hope I have all proper trust
in Him; but He. has given us these things that we
may improve them. If we carry to the extreme
the Senator's proposition, why are we dressed so
carefully in all these fashionable vestments? Why
not leave God's woik in its native majesty? Why
have we ever donned a garment? Why have we
ever made a canal or a lock ? Why have we un-
dertaken to restrain by dams the great waters
to which He gave permission originally to flow
on in unobstructed majesty? Why have we done
all this? He appointed us to do it. He intended
we should do it. He has given us these things
that we might employ our hands usefully in im-
provements, and show our thankfulness for what
He had given by endeavoring to make it still more
useful, as far as our humble wisdom and our hum-
ble powers enabled us to do.
This is the view I take of the question; and I
am not fearful at all of the effect of the exercise
of this beneficent power upon the liberties or the
happiness of this people. I look upon this Gov-
ernment as a great and beneficent one, intended
to give aid and assistance wherever it is necessary
in relation to these great commercial channels.
But we are questioning its power everywhere.
Where it seeks to do good, an obvious good, an
acknowledged good—even there it is questioned.
It seems to me that if all the constructions placed
on the Constitution by those who are pleased to
style themselves strict constructionists—a large,
intelligent, and respectable body in this country
-~be adopted, we should paralyze the Constitu-
tion,and make it like a barren stalk, from which
nothing could vegetate or grow, the prmciple,of
vitality being absent from it.
Sir, the Constitution is an instrument full of
wisdom, and the more closely we observe its
great principles the better for us, I agree; but let
us not endeavor to supply by our own wisdom a
rule of government derived from our abstractions
and from our restrictive constructions of this
instrument. Taken in its fair sense, what it
meant, what it allowed, is the question; and that
is to be ascertained in some degree by looking to
the great national purposes which it was intended
to accomplish, the evils that existed, and the
remedy for them. These are the objects which
we arc to consider in interpreting the Constitution
of the Unitet^States. We are to take it as a great
national instrument, not a particular met3 code to
regulate a proceeding in a court of justice, but an
instrument of a high national character, and to be
construed in that high national spirit. That is
the way I regard it, and I am satisfied so to take
it.
We are invoked to have a meeting of the States
interested in this improvement. It is said, why
should the Government of the United States do
it? why not hold a convention of the States to
agree upon it ? Why, sir, is that a fair deduction
from the Constitution of the United States? Did
it intend any such thini;? Did it intend that a
few States here and a few States there should
enter into little knots and little confederacies to
accomplish local objects and purpos^fc? ^iat
the spirit of the union winch was intended to be
established ? Or does it tend to disrupt the Union?
Does it tend to build up new confederacies, which,
built up for one purpose, may easily be perverted
to another riot intended? Are Ohio, and Ken-
tucky, and Indiana, and Illinois, and Pennsyl-
vania, and Missouri, and ail the States that are
benefited by the commerce of the Ohio, to assem-
ble together to form a confederacy for a particular
case outside of the Constitution, or said to be out-
side of it >
I should not recommend such a substitute for
the National Union. I should have some fear of
thai. But how theji would they go on ? Here
Kentucky and Ohio, and Illinois and Indiana, lie
side by side. Suppose they differ as to the man-
ner of improvement: how can they proceed r You
are exacting from us a strict, nice conformity as
to our mode, our plans, and plftces for improve-
ment. It can bo done—it must, be done by ibis
Government, or it cannot be done at all. Ohio
is not ready to go to work when Kontuckv is, and
Indiana is not ready to go to work when Ohio is,
and so on. It requires but little reflection, and a
little analysis of this subject, to see, l^hink, that
it is altogether fruitless and idle for us to be*con-
templating such a work by moans of State con-
federacies'. It cannot be done. It is impracticable
in that mode, and only practicable by ibis Gov-
ernment. It is not within the means or the power
of any one, two, or three Stales. They have not
the power, perhaps have not the means, at least
not as adequately and easily to be supplied as
they would be by this Government, The authority
even of Mr. Calhoun, the authority of the Con-
gress of the United States, often exercised in
making improvements on this river, the authority
of your precedents, all concur m supporting and
maintaining this power; and I trust that what-
ever difference of opinion there may be among us
as to the constitutional power of Congress, a
majority may be found in this body who will not
place us beyond the limits of that assistance to
which I think the Constitution entitles us, and to
which our necessities and the % necessities of the
commerce of the country certainly entitle us.
1 have been surprised at the opposition from
some quarters that has been made to this mensure,
I am alittle surprised thatmy friend horn i onnes-
see, [Mr. Jones,] whose intelligence and whose
liberality I so well know, and with so much pleas-
ure acknowledge, should think Congress had no
power to make a survey of the Ohio river, for the
