$44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 11,
committee shall take a recess until seven o'clock
this evening.
■ Mr. COX. I am entitied to the floor; but owing
to the condition of my family, it is impossible for
iae to come here at night. I trust, then, if the
Co ram it toe agree totake a recess, that I shall be
Allowed to go on with my remarks in the morning.
: The CHAIRMAN. If there belo objectioh,
tte Chair will take it to be the understanding that
the gentleman from Kentucky shall be entitled to
the floor in committee, in the-morning.
••There was no objection.
■ And then, on motion of Mr. DUNN, the com-
- mittee (at four o'clock, p. m.) took a recess until
seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The committee reassembled at seven o'clock.
Mr. KELLY addressed the committee on
Americanism and politics generally, in reply to
the recent speeches of Messrs. Davis, of Mary-
land, and Akers.
Mr. KENNETT followed; and after defining
his position on the Catholic question and Amer-
icanism generally, discussed theTrarious proposi-
tions pending for a reduction of the tariff.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, spoke upon
the subject of the fishing bounties.
_The speeches are withheld for revision, and
will be published in the Appendix.
Mr. WADE then obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee rise.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to know
if my colleague wishes to address the committee
to-morrow? There was an understanding this
afternoon that the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Cox] should have the floor to-morrqw morning.
Mr. WADE. I understand that, and will not
interfere with his right at all. I insist 011 my
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Campbell,
of Ohio, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, the chairman of the committee reported
progress.
And then, on motion of Mr. JONES, of Penn-
sylvania, (at half past eight o'clock, p. m'.,) ihe
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 11, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hilt,.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PRESIDENTIAL VOTES.
The following message was icceived from the
House of Representatives, by Mr. Cullom, their
Clerk:
Mr. Pbesident : I am directed by tlie House of Repre-
sentatives to inform the Senate tlmt the flon-e of Repre-
sentatives is now ready to receive the Senate for the pur-
pose of counting the votes of tlie electors of the seveial
States for President and Vicc President of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Pursuant to
the concurrent order of the Senate and House of
Representatives, the Senate will now proceed to
the Hall of the House of* Representatives for the
purpose of counting the votes for President and
Vice President of the United States, for the term
prescribed by the Constitution, to commence oil
the 4th day of March next.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the Hall
of the House of Representatives.
At ten minutes past two o'clock the Senate
returned to their Chamber, and the, President pro
tempore resumed the chair, and called the Senate
to order.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President,, tho tellers on
the part of the Senate and Ilouae of Represent-
atives to count the Presidential votes have in-
structed me to make a report. Before delivering
the report to the Secretary to be read, I wish to
allude to the difficulty which occurred in conven-
tion m reference to ihu vote of the State of Wis-
consin.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to interrupt Sum ? 1 thinkJie used the
word " contention." I think it is not found in
the Constitution or any law of the United States;
;«wd as this is an important proceeding, I should
Uktf to guard against any misapprehension by wav
of precedent.
Mr. BIGLER. Then I will 'say that the two
Houses assepnbled in the Hall of the House of
Representatives, which is'theform prescribed. I
was about remarking, Mr. President, that this
difficulty is not entirely new. There have been
similar cases; but they seem to have been anti-
cipated and -provided for in advance.
Mr. STUART. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Senator of which I think he will see the
propriety. It is, that he make such report as he
intends to make first, and then make any expla-
nation afterwards.
Mr. BIGLER. I was about making an expla-
nation of the peculiar character of the report.
Several Senators. Let us hear the report.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The tellers on tlie part of the two Houses report that they
have counted the votes of alt the States, cast for President
and Vice President of the United States of America, for
the constitutional term of four yeais from the 4th day of
March, 1857, and find that on the first Wednesday in De-
cember, 1856, the electors of all the States assembled m
their respective States, being tlie day prescribed by law for
the assembling of the electors, execpt the electors for the
State of Wisconsin ; that of those who assembled and cast
their votes on the said first Wednesday of December, 1856,
James Buchanan, of the State of Pennsylvania, received
174 votes for President of the United States: John C. Fi«-
mont, of California, received 109 votes ; and Millard Fill-
more icceived 8 votes for the same office: that for Vice
Piesident of the United States, John C. .Breckinridge, of
Kentucky, received 174 votes; William L. Daj ton, ot New
Jersey, received 109 votes; and Andrew J. Donelson, of
Tennessee, received 8 votes: that from the report of the
electors of the State of Wisconsin,itappearsthattheelect-
ors lor that Stale assembled in Madison, the capital of that
btdte, on 'lie 4tll ot December, 1856, the day after the day
presciibed for the meeting of the eleetois for President and
Vice 1'rtfsident of the United States, and so assembled on
that day did east the. electoial votes of that State, five foi
John C. Fiemont, of California, for President, and five for
William L. Dayton, ot New Jeisey, for Vice President of
the United States.
WILLIAM BIGLER,
Teller on the part of the Senate.
GEORGIA W. JONES, of Tennessee,
WILLIAM A. HOWARD, of Michigan,
Telieis on the part of the House of Representatives.
Mr, HUNTER. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania will allow mo to make a suggestion. This
whole matter is new; no difficulty of this sort
ever occuired before wiicn the two Houses were
sitting together. Heretofore similar difficulties
have been provided for, and provided for by the
committee proposing a resolution simply declar-
ing that, no matter how the vote of the disputed
State was counted, it should not affect the general
result. It seems to me, and I suggest it for the
consideration of the teller in regard to the action
which he may propose, that the best way would
be for the Senate to propose to the House of Rep-
resentatives that the committee which has been
appointed on this subject should confer in regard
to the report they have made. I have no doubt
they will agree to make some such report as was
made in the case of Michigan and Missouri; and
when tlie two cojnmittees have agreed that that
shall be made, let us go back in joint convention
and settle it as it was settled in the case of Mich-
igan and Missouri. I move, then, that the com-
mittee which has been heretofore appointed by
the Chair on this subject—I forget its title—be in-
structed to conler with the same committee on
the part of the House of Representatives in regard
to the report they shall make. °
Mr. SEWARD. And report to the Senate?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD. I second that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that, four years ago, upon a like occa-
sion, it appears, from the Journal of the Senate,
that the chairman of the committee appointed j
jointly with that of the House of Representatives
to prescribe the mode of counting the votes, &c., \
made a report to the Senate after the votes had !
been counted, so that the functions of the com- j
mittee are presumed to be still continued.
The Chair will further state to the Senate, as
the result of the action in the Hall of the House
of Representatives in counting the votes, that the
duty was devolved upon the Presiding Officer
there, by the concurrent order of the two Houses,
to declare the result of the vote as delivered to him
by the tellers. That declaration did not involve,
in the opinion of the Chair, the validity or the
invalidity of the vote of the State of Wisconsin.
The declaration made by thl Chair in the pres-
ence of the two Hquses as to the gentleman who
had been elected President was written down, and
is in these words: "That James Buchanan, of
the State of Pennsylvania, having the greatest
number of votes for President, and that number
being a majority of the whole number of electors,
has been duly elected." Whether the vote of the
State of Wisconsin be included or not, the decla-
ration made by the Presiding Officer, that Mr.
Buchanan had a majority of the votes, and that
that majority was a majority of the whole.num-
.berof the electoral votes, was strictly conform-
able to the fact.
Mr. NOURSE. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Virginia a difficulty "in my mind, to
see if he can obviate it. This is a point which
becomes important when the vote in question is
going to decide the result, but until that occasion
comes it is unimportant. It is important now as
a precedent, because such a case as that may
occur, and then it would be vastly important.
Now, if tho convention, so to call it, of the two
Houses is not to decide whether the vote of a
certain State is to be counted or not, who is to
decide it? It must be decided by some body;
and if the two Houses separate and do not agree,
what is to be thejesult, and what is to come of it?
If the convention assembled have a right to settle
the question they can settle it undoubtedly; but
if it depends on the concurrent action of the two
Houses, why may not a result be defeated alto-
gether?
Mr. BUTLER. I feel a little concerned about
this question, I confess, as one of those who think
the States ought to maintain their relative influ-
ence under the Constitution as States, and the
representatives as representatives. Now, sir, I
dispute the right, out and out, of ascertaining
who is elected President, and who is not elected
President, except by the rule of addition. Whether
the return from Wisconsin forms a part of the vote
or not, I want to know; because if this circum-
stance had happened to fall on New York or Penn-
sylvania, there might have been a different result.
Mind—I wish to be as emphatic as I can on this
subject—if this convention,as itis called, in which
the Senate is_a part only, can assume the juris-
diction of saying how votes shall be counted, (and
that is what they have assumed to do in some
measure,) I presume they can make a President of
the United States without an election, by simply
saying what votes shall be counted and what not
counted; and the Presidency of the United States
would be virtually committed to the numerical
strength of the House of Representatives, with-
out what 1 consider the controlling power of the
representatives of the States. That is my opin-
ion. I do not say it in any other spirit than an
abstract one. I have no feeling on this subject,
for it makes no difference in the result, and it is
fortunate that it is so. But I shall insist upon it,
in adding up the votes, that you shall say—and 1
differ from the Chairin that respect—that Mr. Fre-
mont received such a number and no more; and you
shall saythatMr. Buchanan received such a number
and no more, and no less. That is the mode of
ascertaining who has the greatest number, and
what are the relative numbei s of the two. 1 never
will consent, Mr. President, that this Wisconsin
vote shall be counted.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from South Carolina allow me to interrupt him
for one moment?
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly.
Mr. SEWARD. I barely wish to inquire of
. him, and of Senators generally, whethei it will
j not be thought advisable that the motion of the
I honorable Senator from Virginia, which is in-
J tended to bring this matter to a close, shall bo
I passed-^-whicli I believe does not involve the point
■ now in debate—and then we may have time to
discuss the question.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not wish to debate it;
but I am not going to let any question of this kind
pass by because it is considered necessary to econ-
omize time.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly not; but! suggest
that we adopt this motion, so as to bring the mat-
ter to a close.
Mr. BEJTLER. I have not concluded, but I
yield to the suggestion of the Senator from New
York. # I believe it is made in sincerity, and per-
haps it is rather a wise suggestion than otherwise,
to let the vote be taken on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Virginia. I do not, however, mean to
give up, on any notion of economizing time, or
