1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
647
ideitf. Hence, so far as the legality of the elec-
tion is concerned, so far as any compliance or any
non-compliance with, the law of 1792 is concerned,
'ft has been complied with; and there is an end of
• the controversy so far as any,duties are imposed
upon us to be performed this day under the Con-
stitution and law.
Then, sir, them is one point of irregularity, in
my opinion,to which it is well for us to turn our
attention on this'occasion—not because anything
more is necessary to be done at this time with
regard to the late election, but with reference to !
preventing confusion in the future. In my opin-
ion, Wisconsin ought not to have been entered
on the tellers5 list, for thissimple reason: that the
"two Houses assembled to hear announced the
votes of all the States of this Union which assem-
bled, by their electors, on the3J day of December
last, and cast their votes for President and Vice
President of the United States. You had no right
to rcceive any vote, or any return, except of an
election on the 3d day of December last, for that
was the day appointed by law. I submit that,
when twelve o'clock at night of the 3d day of
December last arrived, there were no presidential
electors in Wisconsin. The fact appeared oil the
face of the certificate that they assembled on the
4th day of December, at three o'clock in the after-
noon. Those electors had been chosen by a law
which continued them in office to the night of the
3d of December, when their office as electors ex-
pired. These individuals were not electors of the
State of Wisconsin on the 4th day of December.
They had no more authority to cast the vote of
Wisconsin on that day than any other five indi-
viduals in that State had, or than had the five in-
dividuals who were electors four years before.
They were out of office; and they had no power
to cast the vote of the State. I think it was an
irregularity to place the State of Wisconsin on
the list; but, inasmuch as it has been put there
with a statement of the fact that it was east on
the day afterwaids, inasmuch as it has been duly
announced in the report by the tellers and the
Presiding Officer that James Buchanan received
a majority of all the votes, and as that majority
was a majority of all the electors chosen, I think
the Constitution and law have bet!n complied with.
The only irregularity is that the name of Wis-
consin is unnecessarily on the list.
In this state of the case, I am inclined to arrive
at the conclusion which my friend from Virginia
suggests, that we had better let this committee
make a report in accordance with the precedents
that have been alluded to in the Michigan and
Missouri cases. It is immaterial whether Wis-
consin was counted or riot; the result is the same,
and consequently the duty has been complied
with. 1 think we have had sufficient to warn us
of the necessity of legislation with reference to
the future; but our duty for this day has been
complied with without any further steps being
taken; but, as a matter of form, 1 will close it up
in the manner indicated by the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. REID. Mr. President, I suppose every
member of the Senate must be perfectly satisfied
that the course pursued by the President of the
Senate was from the purest and highest consid-
eration. I understood the whole difficulty to
occur while the Senate was m the Representatives'
Hall, upon this single, -isolated point: it was
apprehended that at some future time the question
involved in the vote of Wisconsin to-day might
determine who should be President of the United
States; and the protest made there by Senators
and Representatives was merely for the purpose
of declaring, as their opinion, that the settling of
the question as to the validity of the votes cast
for President and Vice President did not rest
alone with the President of the Senate of the
United States. 1 did not understand the Provi-
dent of the Senate to settle that the vote of Wis-
consin was a valid vote—that question was left
out entirely — but that the election was made
"whether that vote were legal or void.
The difficulty arose upon the ground which I
have stated, that if our action to-day was to be
regarded as a precedent hereafter, the count of the
President of the Senate must be considered as
conclusive. The Constitution requires that "The
President of the Senate shall, in presence of the
Senate and House of Representaives, open all the
certificates>and the votes shall then be counted."
The President of the Senate does not opln the
votes in the presence of the two Houses in their
individual characters; but the two Houses arc as-
sembled in their character as u Senate and House
of Representatives under the Constitution; and I
infer that the counting of those votes is to be
directed and controlled by the two Houses. It
has oflen happened that the Vice President is a
candidate for reelection; and we can scarcely sup-
pose that the Constitution intended to confer on
liim the power of declaring himself elected by the
votes he may count, without an appeal from his
decision. The framers of the Constitution seemed
to contemplate, if there was any power given" to
revise at all a contested election of President, that
it should be jointly in the Somite and House of
Representatives. It is true, the Constitution of the
United States confers on the House of Represent-
atives alone the power to make the election in the
event of none having been made by the electors;
but it does not confer on the House of Repre-
sentatives alone the power of settling a contested
election for Picsident. Nor, in my opinion, does
it confer on the President of the Senate alone the
right of declaring that vote when cither of the two
Houses may dissent.
Then I think the course that should be pursued
in the practice of the two Houses is tins: When
they are assembled together, it is the duty of the
President of the Senate to open the votes; but
whenever it shall be suggested by any member of
either branch of Oongiess that the returns an;
infonnal, or that they n quire to be investigated,
the two Houses should retire in their separate
capacity to determine such questions for them-
selves, as wn have done to-day.
That the vote of Wisconsin is illegal, nrn'1 ought
not to be counted, is most clear: "The Congress
may determine the time of <?huosiou, the electors,
and the day on winch they shall ^ive their votes;
which day shall be the same tbiouahout the Uni-
ted States." This is a constitutional require-
ment—that the votes shall bo given on the same
day throughout all the United States. } uf this
question is not material hero. The only appre-
hension is, that our action now may be regaided
hereafter as a precedent m settling this point. I
think it is perfectly right for the Senate, if it
chooses, to waive the decision of the question m
regard to the legality of the vote, because it is
not material here; but the point being suggested
by a member of either branch of Congress, I think
it is the duty of the two Houses to investigate t he
question. 1 should be perfectly willing—and per-
haps it may be the better practice always to pur-
sue—to let the determination of such questions
alone until a time shall arrive making it necessary
to decide them. 1 think it would be better to
postpone this question until the tune shall arise
when it is indispensably necessary that it should
be settl'-d.
Mr. SEWARD. I do not object to this debate
because 1 am desirous to have this resolution
passed and the question settled; but inasmuch as
I find the opinion is quite generally expressed
here, and I have heard it expressed by members
of the House of Ri presentativos also, that the
vote of Wisconsin could not be properly counted
under the cneumstanecF, I rise to express my
dissent from that proposition—not to declare the
opinion that it ought to be counted, bocause I
have not made up my mind to that; but certainly
I have not made up my mind to the other conclu-
sion. I wish to congratulate Congress, and the
Senate, and the country, that it is unnecessary
to pass on that question now. Sir, it would seem
to oe a very diflerent case if the vote which was
proposed to be rejected or was questioned was a
vote which determined the election of a President
and a Vice President of the United States, and it
would then be^found to be a very dangerous thing
for either the Presiding Officer, or the Senate, or
the House of Representatives, or both Houses
concurring, to undertake to decide that a presi-
dential election was determined in one way, when
it involved the exclusion of the votes of one of the
States, which exclusion was the result of an ac-
cidental delay produced by the interposition of
Providence preventing the vote being cast at the
prescribed time. But, sir, I pass it by, rejoicing
that it is not necessary to decide it; and now I
come to the present state of the case.
I agree with the honorable Senator from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Stuartand I agree with the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Illinois, [Mr. Dor«i;4.s,j"thnt
all has been done which the Constituttonand laws
require to be done to determine who has '>• en
elected President and Vice President of the United
States; and I have a strong belief that J aim s
Buchanan will be the President for the next four
years; arfd he will be, whether we do anything
more than we have already done, or whether wo
stop where we are, or undertake to undo what
we have done. But while that is my opinion, and
while that is their opinion, it js known to tus nil
that adoubt arises—a misunderstanding exists in
both Houses of Congress, whether the President
of the Senate, acting, as I hold, as the organ of
the Senate, has not passed upon the question, and
counted the votes from the State of Wisconsin,
and whether that may not be drawn into a pre-
cedent hereafter. I am one of that number who
think the President has not counted them, and
who are entirely satisfied with the manner in
which he has performed and discharged thisduty.
I think it was left entirely open; but it is due "fo
those who dissent—who think that the record of
our action may be misunderstood unices it shall
be made more accurate, mat the record shall be
made to correspond to the fact, and shall show
that in the jlroceedings, when the two Houses vera
assembled together, the declaration made by the
President in the name and as the organ of the two
Tloufces of Congress, that James Buchanan was
elected President of the United States, was made
upon the ground tluu,withoutcounting or n jec.t-
mg, or even if you were to count the votes of
the Slate of Wisconsin, the result would be un-
changed, and therefore the question of counting
those votes was avoided. That is due to the"House
of Representatives, which House we left under a
high state of excitement, arising out of the foot
that the President of the Senate, an officer foreign
to them, seemed to them io have undertaken to
decide that question a^aij^t the views, if not a
majority, at least of a pom on of the House.
I have no doubt "that all the [-louse of Repre-
sentatives desire, and all any portion of the mem-
bers of the Senate desire, is that the recoid shall
be made to correspond to the fact, and to show
that this declaration was made, this result was
thus attained without passing upon the votes of
Wisconsin one way or the other, and without set-
tling the question or attempting to settle the ques-
tion, for present or fuUue effect, whether a vote
given under such circumstances ought ever to be
counted. Insomuch as the danger m our count ry
of revolution must be seen to arise from the pos-
sibility that injustice may occur in cases where '
the law has not provided, with suifieient care, for
ascertaining the will of the'peonie, I hope this res*
olution will not pass without, tn 2 Judh iary Com-
mittee, or some other competent commlit< e of 1 his
House, taking up the subject and providing for
just such a contingency.
Mr. COLLAA1 I£R. Mr. President. I should
be willing to vote for thfe appointment of a com-
mittee of conference, if I could perceive that there
was any question for them to settle oreonf> r about,
or any question now pending; which ou^hi to be
settled between the two Houses. I have not been
able, however, to peiccifb that there 1*5 any such
question. It is true, I do not altogether concur
in the construction which genth men nu the oilier
sideof the Chamber have ejiven to the Constitution
and law, nor in the course taken by the telieis.
In my estimation, the moment the tellers came to
a certificate irregular on its face, stating that Hie
votes were cast on a day different from that pre-
scribed by law, they should have stopped there,
and announced the fact to the Chair, and the Chair
should immediately have stated that condition of
things, and the two Houses should have separat'd
to make provision m relation to the manner of
settling: it. in my opinion, further, the Chair,
immediately on being informed of that fact at any
stage of the proceedings, should have stated u to
the body, and then the two Houses should have
separated and taken proceedings 111 relation to tho
matter.
In these remarks, I am proceeding entirely on
the ground that there was no previous pivpaiu-
tion as to the manner of settling these questions,
which, I think, should have been provided for by
law long ago; or if not provided for by law. evei y-
thing reasonably to be anticipated should h.ne
boen provided for in the resolutions making ur«
rangements^for the meeting of the two Hv/ii-aos,
