#0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
dent, and, so far as I can see, without reason. I
am against such resolutions.
Mr. WELLER. 1 desire to terminate this
debate. 1 regard it as a very unprofitable one—
the discussion of a mere abstraction. Nobody
doubts the validity of this election. The very
moment the announcement was made by the Pres-
i4entof the Senate of the result of the vtfte, Mr.
Buchanan became President elect of the United
States. He has but to wait for the arrival of the
4th of March to be inaugurated. All that remains
for the Senate to do, is simply to appoint a com-
mittee to inform the President elect of his election.
This resolution, however, is based on theassuinp-
tion that our action has been illegal or irregular;
that there is some informality which may"affect
the result of the election. Now, suppose, in the
present organization of the House of Represent-
atives, they do not choose to agree to that resolu-
tion: what is the consequence? Does it not stand
on the assumption that there is something irreg-
ular which we endeavor to cure, and that it re-
quires the action of the Senate and House of
Representatives to cure that irregularity. They
seem to have taken up the idea that the President
of this body had usurped a power which properly
did not belong to him'. In that they do him in-
justice. But in the present oiganization of that
Hoi so the discussion may last for days. Cui
bono? Who is to be benefited by that?
1 wish to move that this resolution lie on the
table; giving notice that, if it be laid on the table,
I shall move for the appointment of a committee
to inform the President elect of this day's work;
which is all, in my judgment, we are called upon
to do 1 move to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr RUSK. Will the Senator withdraw that
motion for a moment?
Mr. WELLER. My object was to prevent
discussion.
Mr. RUSK. I do not desire to dismiss the
question, but simply to read the Constitution.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator will renew my
motion, I shall withdraw it for him.
Mr. RUSK. I shall renew it. The Constitu-
tion declares:
" Every oriior, ic?olutio , or vote, to which the concur-
rence of rlio Soncitr and liou -a of RepjvM'mafivo may be
necessity, {except on a question or'adjournment.) >hail bp
presented to the President of the United States ; and before i
the same, shall take eti'eci, shall Ue approved by iimi, <>i. |
being ditnppiovpd by him, shall be repaid by two thuds. !
Of the Senate and flou^o of Representatives, aecordmc 1
to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a
bill." |
I think we acted hastily in appointing tellers, !
because that was done by a resolution concurred !
in by the House of R-prosentnuves. I fierce that i
we should not pass this resolution; and T renew ;
the motion that u be laid on the table. i
Mr. BELL, of* Tennessee 1 hope, before that 1
question is taken, I shall be allowed to say a ■
word. i
Mr. RUSIC. t withdraw the motion for the ;
accommodation of the honorable Senator. i
Mr. BELL, of Ten nossee. If it is supposed !
that this resolution is necessary at all, I think it
should be modified. i
Mr BQTLER. To terminate this debate, as '
I see there ts no disposition  ;
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen- !
fttov from Tennessee yield the floor? |
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. No, sir. j
Mr BUTLER, t intended to withdraw the ;
resolution. t
Mr. BSLL, of Tennessee. I was going to say j
that, if the resolution be necessary, it should be '
modified. j
Mr. BUTLER. If I withdraw it, it will not !
be necessary to discus^it. |
Mr. BELL, ofTennessee. The honorable Sen- !
ator will excuse me, if he pleases, for not yield- 1
ing him the floor, but going on myself, as 1 have '
it. . j
Mr. BUTLER. Certainly. i
! MK BELL, of Tennessee. I do not rise to make I
a speech on this subject, but to exprees my opm- i
ion. I think the President of this body acted in !
conformity strictly with his duty, according'to I
my comprehension of it. It is due to him, that
I should express my opinion on that point, if I
deem it proper to do so. I think, when the vote
of Wisconsin was called, and the tellers reported
it as having been taken on a wrong day, it was
then proper for some member of the House of
j Representatives or of the Senate to raise the
! question whether it should be counted; but the
* Presiding Officer had no right to suggest or dictate
i such a course. His duty, under the Constitu-
tion, was to open the votes in the presence of the
two Houses. He discharged that duty. The
tellers reported that the vote of Wisconsin was
cast on a day not provided by law, and of course
it was unconstitutional in that respect.
If this resolution is to be sustained, f suggest,
and I think it will recognizc the announcement of
the President of the Senate before the two Houses
and legalize it, and render it entirely in conformity
with the Constitution, it'should be amended so
as to be in the language of the Constitution. The
constitutional provision is:
"The peison having the greatest number of votes for
PieMdeut shall be the Pre.-ident, if miUi number be a ma-
jority of the whole number of electors appointed."
That is not the language of the resolution now
before us. It should, m conformity with the
Constitution,say that the Presiding Officer having
announced that James Buchanan received one
hundred and seventy-four votes, being the great-
est number of votes, and being a majority of the
whole number of electors appointed, lias been
duly elected. That declaration, of course, would
include Wisconsin, if it was proper that its vote
should be included. Whether the vote cast in
Wisconsin was cast in conformity with the law
or not, makes no difference. According to the
language of the Constirution, the announcement
of the President of the Senate was right.
The Constitution having required that the elect-
oral votes shall be cast on the same day through-
out the United States, my impression at present
is, that the vote of Wisconsin on this occasion
ought not to be counted; but that is not a material
question now. It makes no difference to the
result in the presentcase. Electors were appointed
by the vote of the people of Wisconsin,and James
Buchanan was announce d by the President of the
Senate to have received a majority of the whole
number of electors, including those appointed by
Wisconsin; and for this purpose it makes no
difference whether their votes be counted or not.
The form of the announcement in this case ex-
cludes the question of the legality of the vote in
any particular State. As neither* House objected
to the announcement, and there was no separa-
tion of the two Houses to deliberate upon the
question whether the votes were all legally counted
or not, it seems to me to be unnecessary to pass
this resolution; but if passed at ail, it should be
amended as I have proposed.
Mr. WlLLER. I make the motion to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN". 1 wish to suggest an
amendment which 1 intend to offer to the resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is to lay the resolution on the table.
Several Senators. It has been withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
not aware of it.
Air. WELLER. The Senator from South
Carolina withdiewit. He could not do it at that
time, because there was another Senator on the
floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
put the question on laying the resolution on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I now offer this resolution,
which I think will complete the business so far as
the Senate is concerned:
Resolved, That a committee of one member of the Sen-
ate be appointed by that body to join a committee of two
members of the House of Rjpresentatives, to he appointed
by the Hou-e, to     fames Duchanau, of Pennsylva-
nia, and notily bun that be Iia  been duly elected Pie^ident
of the United States for the constitutional term, to com-
mence 011 the -ttii day of March, 1&57 ; and also lo wait on
John O. BrecKimidce, of Kentucky, and inform In in that he
has been duly elected Vice President of the United States
for the constitutional term, to commence on the -}th day of
March, tMT'. -
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I may as well offer my
amendment to this resolution as any other. I
think it is of importance that we should avail
ourselves of this occasion for settling a question
that may be a most momentous one hereafter.*
In this election the question that'has sprung up
n0' "mPortant> -the result is altogether in-
dependent of thaVjguestion; but we may imagine
what would have been the state of things, if the
result had been dependent on the vote of" the
State of Wisconsin. It was ruled, when the
Senate was in the Chamber of the House of Rep-
resentatives, that no objection could be made to
it. It was ruled that the counting must proceed,
and the counting did proceed, and the result was
announced. I am looking to the future. Sup-
pose some future Presiding Officer there, when
the vote, of Wisconsin would determine the re-
sult, should decide that it should or should not
be admitted, how is such a decision as that to be
met? Suppose he should declare the vote ad-
mitted, and the party to whom it was given
elected President of the United States, what could
ever countervail that declaration? How could
you ever question the election of a President thus
announced according to the forms of the Consti-
tution, but in disregard of the substance of it, as
I think ? We could easily see to-day what would
be the result: confusion and revolution spring-
( ing up instantaneously in their worgt form on
! the floor of that House, and scattered like wild-
i lire through the whole country. Such a question
I as that ought to be met and settled. I propose,
: therefore, as an amendment to this or any reso-
I lution offered on the subject:
Bat it is resolved furthermne, That the vote of Wiscon-
sin being: given on a day different from that prescribed by
law, ought not to have been included in tile count of the
eleetoia! vote, and tiiat any member of either the Senate
or House of ltcpresentatives had the privilege and right to
object to the counting of said vote, and that it was compe-
tent for tile Senate and House of Representatives alone to
decide upon tiiat objection.
I think the Senate is not in a condition to
decide this question now. I do not think there is
a quorum, or anything like a quorum, present.
We shall know that, however, by the vote, for I
shall call for the yeas and nays on the adoption
of the resolution.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will offer that as an independent prop-
osition.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If I do I shall never be
able to get if up.
Mr. WELLER. It has no sort of connection
with the appointment of a committee to wait on
the President elect. I shall be compelled, per-
haps, to vote for the resolution of the Senator
from Kentucky, but I do not see any connection
between his proposed amendment and the reso-
lution which I offered. I certainly feel every dis-
position to give the resolution of the Senator from
i Kentucky a hearing, and I should like to have
a vote on it, and, entertaining the opinions I do
now, I shall he compelled to vote in its favor,
although it would, 111 effect, disfranchise a State.
It is one of the cases not provided for in tile Con-
stitution. Under the Constitution we have power
| to fix the day, and it must be uniform. I think
it doubtful whether we can say that if they do
not meet on that particular day—if they are pre-
vented by the act of Providencc, or otherwise,
from assembling, they may assemble at some
future time. I doubt that power, but I think we
ought to withhold this until we pass on the other
resolution.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. If my resolution be
passed first, I shall have no objection; but if it
is not, I shall never be able to get it considered
I hereafter.
Mr. WELLER. I really cannot see any reason
why it should not receive the consideration of
the Senate at any time. I am sure the Senate
will have every disposition to receive the resolu-
tion of the Senator from Kentucky, and pass
upon it. I have no objection to acting on it first,
but I do not wish it attached to the resolution I
have offered, with which it has no connection.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from Kentucky
wishes to obtain a vote on his resolution, it ought
to be taken when the Senate is full, and therefore
I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Februai-y 11, 1857.
The House met ateleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waj,do.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. BTJRNETT. It is evident, Mr. Speaker,
