1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65$
that there is nofa quorum present. I move a call
of the House.
Mr.-HOUSTON. On that motion I«demand
the .yeas and nays
The yeas and nays were ordered. ' ~-
The question -was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 47, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS--Messrs. Allen, HcndJey S. Bennett, Branch,
Broom, Burnett, Carhie, Howell Cobb, Coining, Cox,
Ciaige, Dunn, Gamett, Augustus Hail, Robert B. Hall,
Hickman, [(oilman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
J. Glancy fones, Lctchcr, MUlson, Mott, Nichols, Mordecai
OUvec, Faiiie, Peck, Powell, <iuitman. Reade, Ready,
Baffin, Scott, Seward. Simmons, Stanton, Taylor, Todd,
Trafton. YVaclt, Wakemau, Waldion, Walker, EUihu B.
Washburne, Watkin-., William-.,and I)mnel B.Wright—47.
NAYS—Me<sis. A(f>n>ht, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Buf-
finton, Chaftee, E^ra Clark, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Da
vis, Dean, Dodd, Edwards, Etheiidge, Flagler, Henry M.
Fuller, Gianger, Hodges, UnUoway, Thomas R. Horton,
Knight, Knowlton, Lrttei, Humphrey Marshall, Kilhan
MiUer, Morgan, Morrill, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pettit,
Pike, Robhms. Sabin, Sapp, Sneed, Thoimeton, Thurston,
Trippe, Vail, Valk, Walbridge, CadwaladerC. Washburne,
.Watson, Wells., Woodtufi'. and Zolhuoffer—4o.
So a call of the House was ordered.
Pending the call,
Mr. DTJRFEE stated that Messrs. Purviance,
Grow, and Campbell, of Pennsylvania, were de-
tained from the House bv indisposition.
The roll was called; and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Aiken, \kers, Allison, Bell, Bdlin^hurst, Bocock,
Bowie, Boyoo, Cadwaladci, James I-f. Campbell, Ca>>kte,
Bayaid Clarke, Cullen, Uenry Winter Davis, De Witt,
l)ovvdell, Edie, Elliott, Eu«ti?>, Evans, Florence, Giddings,
Grow, Sampson W. Ilairis, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison,
Herbert,Kent,Kelsey, Kennett, Kidwell, Kunkel, Lmdley,
Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson,
Moore, Moriison, < )ri, Packer, Pearee, Pennington, Phelps,
Porter, Purvianci*, Puryear, Ritchie, Rivers, Robison, Rust,
Sage, Sandidge, Savage, Samuel A. Smith, William K.
Smith, Stephens, Swope,Tyson, Underwood, Warner, and
Welch.
Ponding the rail,
Mr. TODD stated that his colleague, Mr. Edie,
was detained from the House by illness.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Bilunghurst, had been con-
fined to his room by indisposition for several days
past.
One hundred and sixty-seven members answered
to their names.
Mr. SAPP moved to dispense with all further
proceeding under the call.
The motion was agreed to.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated the business first in
order to be the bill (H. li. No. 799) for the relief
of the people of Kansas; the pending question
being on the motion to recommit the said bill to
the Committee on Territories, on which the pre-
vious question had been demanded.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a. communication from the Sec-
retary of State, asking an appropriation of $b,000
for tne suppression of the slave trade; also a cor-
respondence with E. Whittlesey and others, in
reference to an appropriation of $30,000 for the
same object; wiuc.h were referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and ordered to be
printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury De-
partment, with the report of the Director of the
Mint on the assay of foreign coins; which was
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the same Depart-
ment, askmgan additional appropriation of $5,000
for contingencies under the act for the issue of
loans and Treasury notes; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, m reference to the claims
of citizens of that Territory against the United
States; which vras referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.
Mr. BARBOUR moved to reconsider the vote
of the Hourp whereby the bill (S. No. 493) to
expedite telegraphic communication for the uses
of the Government in its foreign infercoure, was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The motion was entered.
POTOMAC BRIDGE.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, by unanimous con-
sent, in pursuance of previous notice, introduced
bills of the following titles; which were severally,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia:
A bill authorizing the Alexandria and Wash-
ington Railroad Company to repair and use the
Long Bridge; and
A hill to revive the act of February 5,1808, in-
corporating the Washington Bridge Company,
and to appoint commissioners to receive subscrip-
tions, and for other purposes.
KANSAS CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise, to a
question of privilege. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Elections to submit the following reso-
lution, accompanied by a report:
Resolved, Thai John W. Whitfield it* not entitled to a
seat in this House as a Delegate from the Tei ritory of Kan-
sas.
I move that the further consideration of the
report and resolution be postponed until Saturday
next; and that they be printed.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouii. I ask leave to
present a minority report from the same commit-
tee, and also a statement from the sitting Delegate
in reply to the memorial of the contestants.
The'SPEAKER. They will be received if
there be no objection. The statement of the sit-
ting Delegate will be received as a part of the
minority report.
There was no objection.
Mr. OLIVER, of Missouri. I move now that
the minority report, and accompanying state-
ment of the sitting member, be ordered to be
punted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I object to the
printing of the minority report, until the question
nas been taken on the printing of the majority
report.
Mr. AKERS. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. WAKElVIAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TODD. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The SPEAKER. Being in the nature of de-
bate, it is not in order on a motion to lay on the
table. The resolution is the subject-matter for
the decision of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that this
House take a recess for ten minutes, in order to
enable the officers of the House to prepare the
Hall for the reception of the Senate, under the
joint resolution of both Houses to count the
votes for President and Vice President.
Mr. WAKEMAN. The Hall is already pre-
pared for the reception of the Senate
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If the gentle-
man from Missouri [Mr. Akkrs] will withdraw
his motion to lay on the table, we may dispose
of this question for the present by postponing iis
further consideration to Saturday next.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is an order of
Congress that the two Houses meethere at twelve
o'clock, m., of this day.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call the gen-
tleman to order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 am on the floor
for the purpose of stating a question of order, it
is an order of this House, jointly with the order
of the Senate, that that body meet this House at
twelve o'clock, m., this day, for the purpose of
counting the votes for President and Vice Presi-
dent .of the United States. This is a question of
privilege of a high order. I move, then, that the
Clerk of this House inform the Senate thai this
House is ready to receive that body for the pur-
pose I have indicated.
The SPEAKER. That motion can only be
received when the hour fixed by the order of the
two Houses has arrived.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. And the reso-
lution I have reported is a question of higher
privilege, as it relates to the organization of this
body.
Mr. HICKMAN. I would like to have the
report of the committee read before we proceed to
act on the resolution.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to read the-;
report, unless by unanimous consent, it being in
the nature of debate, and no debate being in order
on a motion to lay on the table.
Mr KUNKEL. I$nhe motion to lay the re-
port on the table ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The report is not
before the House.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll; but before
the call had been completed, or the result an-
nounced—-
VOTES FOR PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESI-
DENT OF TH£**UNITED STATES-
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said: Mr. Speaker,
the hour of twelve o'clock, m., has now arrived*
and I move the following ordei:
Ordered,That the Clerk inform the Senate that the (louse
of Representatives is now ready id receive that body for
the puipose of proceeding to open and count the votes of
the electors of the several States for Pie&ident and Vice
President of the United States.
Tiie motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER then ordered that seats in the
area be prepared for the reception of the mem-
bers of tne Senate.
Mr. WHITNEY. If it be not out of order at
the time I should like to ask a question of the
Chair on a matter of high importance.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting under
a special order. If it relates to that subject it is
in order.
Mr. WHITNEY. I simply wish to inquire,
Mr. Speaker, whether the committee appointed
at the first session of this Congress—a select com-
mittee to investigate in reference to the expense
of public buildings—is still in existence?
The SPEAKER. It is the opinion of the Chair
that that subject is not in order at this time.
Mr. WHITNEY. I simply wish to know if
that committee is still in existence?
The SPEAKER. The House is acting under
a special order.
Mr. WHITNEY. Does the Speaker decide
that it is not in order to ask a question at this
time ?
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order- No
question is before the House. The House is acting
under a special order. An inquiry relating to the
special order is in order.
Mr. WJIITNEY. I simply desired to pro-
pound a question for the information of the House
as well as for my own information.
The SPEAKER. It can only be received by
unanimous consent.
Mr. IUTFFIN. I object.
Mr. 'WHITNEY, tf the committee be still in
existence 1 would like to ask the Chair 
Mr. RUFFIN. Usall the gentleman from New
Yoik to order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is not in
order.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I)o I understand the
Chair that nothing relating to national interests
is pertinent to this solemn occasion r [Laughter.]
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to make a com-
promise with the gentleman 
The SPEAKER. No compromise is in order
on this occasion.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I will give him the
infoinuiiion he wants at a future d \y.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I dfsno to know from the
fchair whethei it. is pi order for the American
party to withdraw Mr. Fillmore at this time?
[Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. And substitute another
ninny' (Laughter.)
At twelve o'clock and twenty minutes,tbe Door-
keeper announced tin Senate of the United States.
The Senate entered the Hall? preceded by its
Sergcant-ai-Arms, and headed by its Piesident
amfSern taiy—Lhe Members of the House stand-
ing m their seals.
: Mr. Mason, the President of the Senate, took
' his seat on the right of the Speaks of the House
i of Representatives, arid presided over the two
'> Houses, and the members of the Senate took
| seats provided for them m the ar"a ot the House.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. Pursuant to
j lawyand in obedience to the concurrent oider of
I the two Houses, the President of the Senate will
