654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
not yet completed their certificate. The
motion of tlie (remleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Orr,J in the opinion of the Chair, is not in
order.
Senator IIUNTER. Let me suggest this point
of order. If a question arise during the process
' of counting which - requires action of the two
Houses, 1 believe we can settle it in committee
of conference, as we settled the Michigan and
Missouri cases. It can be settled very soon if
we separate, through our committees. I move
that the President of the Senate conduct the Sen-
ators back io the Senate Chamber.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Presiding
Officer would again state that the duty of the tell-
' ers has not yet been discharged. The tellers, it
would appear, made their-report before they had
signed the certificate. The vote will be again read
to the two Houses, and they ean determine what
shall be done
Mr. L5ILLINGHTJRST. I rise for the purpose
of addressing an inquiry to the Chair, which is,
whether or not an official certificate of the causes
which prevented the electors of Wisconsin from
■voting on the 3d of December accompanied their
return ? If so, I ask that it be read to the con-
vention.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The paper will
be read by the general consent of the two Houses.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I desire to inquire of
the Chair what disposition has been made of the
motion submitted by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mi\_Orr?] The-reason why I make
that inquiry is, that 1 wish to call the attention
of the Chair as well as of the two Houses to this
point. I regard it as not mateiiai 111 this case
whether you decide to count tlie vote of Wiscon-
sin or not; but I do consider it important that it
should be decided whether or not this conven-
tion is to adjourn by the decision of the Chair or
by the judgment of die convention. And I desire
to inquire of the Chair whether or not he pro-
poses, when the tellers shall have completed their
report, to adjourn the convention of his own
accoid and on his own motion, or whether he pro-
poses to submit it to the judgment of the conven-
tion whether or not they huve discharged tlieir
duty' 1 desire, Mr. President, that this conven-
tion shall dec>de before it adjourn whether we
have completed the business for which we have
been called together by the Constitution, and lhat
that shall not be decided simply by the Presiding
Officer of the convention, in order, Mr. Pres-
ident,So bring this question directly before the
convention, if the Chair rules out the resolution
Of the gentleman from South Carolina, I appeal
from that decision.
Senator BUTLER. I call the gentleman to
order. It is not a debatable question. The Sen-
ate should go out without any other order. The
States shall not be overruled here, so long as I
represent the State of South Carolina.
Mr. ORR. Is my motion pending?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from South Carolina rises to a question of order,
which he will be good enough to state.
Senator BUTLER. My point of order is that
this i^notadebatable question in this convention,
so far as it Requires a decision to be given one
way or the other. Each House should deliberate
upon it separately.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. AH questions are de-
batable in all bodies, unless prevented by special
rules—even a motion to adjourn.
Mr. ORR. I desire to know what disposition
has been made of my motion ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
decided that it could entertain 110 motion which
would involve a vote of the two Houses, or of
either of them, and he rules the motion out of
order.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia". I take an appeal from
that ijgcision.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
sires to be indulged a moment longer, 111 regard to
an inquiry made by the gentleman from Georgia.
It is the judgment of the Chair that the Senate is
sitting here pursuant to the Constitution, and that
when the Senate may determine that its duties
here are ended, tlie PresidingOflicer of hoth bodies
will receive a motion from any Senator to return
to its own Chamber, where its sitting will be re-
sumed. Tne Senate is in session now.
Mr. ORR. If the Chair will allow a sugges-
I tion, I think perhaps we maybe relieved from
j this difficulty. This question arises now, whether
' a vote shall be counted ? A Senator, I think,
properly objects that the vote shall be taken per
capitaf Let a motion be made that the Senate
retire to their Chamber to determine the question,
and allow this House to do the same, it can be
done by an interchange of messages between the
two Houses, when the two Houses can again j
come into joint convention. I wish to have my
motion taken down, and then the convention can
separate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope that this
convention will not separate until they receive the
•■report which the tellers have to make; and it will
be for the convention then to determine what they
will do with the report.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the reading of all the official papers connected
with the Wisconsin case< I think the conven-
tion have the right to know what those papers
are.
The PRESI DING OFFICER. The Chair will
direct them to be read.
Senator TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. It is simply this: The Senate is here in
session, and we cannot vote here. I move that
the Senate return to its own Chamber. Let us
there decide what we will do. A difficulty has
arisen, and it cannot be settled in this body.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope they will
first receive the report of the tellers.
Senator TRUMBULL. No, we do not want
the report.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then you will not
know what you are acting on.
Senator TRUMBULL. A difficulty has arisen
here. Let us retire and consider it in the only
constitutional way in which we can, and that is
in separate bodies; and I move that the Senate
return to their own Chamber to consider this
question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
would lespoctfully state, as his judgment, that
whatever difficulty may have arisen, it cannot be
officially known to either House until it is reported
by the tellers, to whom the duty of counting the
votes was confided.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Maine. The tellers
have declared the vote, and the Presiding Officer
has announced who is elected President, and
nothing more is in order. 11 is not in order to go
over the ground and report again, they having
once reported the result to the Presiding Officer,
and that result having been announced iiy him.
Senator STUART. I wish to present a qties- I;
tion of order for the consideration of the Senate, l!
I wish to state for the consideration of the. Pre- Ij
siding Officer of this body, that after the tellers
made the report, and the Presiding Officer an- ji
nounced the result, the Constitution,and the law l!
0/ the United States in pursuance of the Consti- Ij
tution, was fulfilled. Now, sir, I wish to suggest :■
to the Presiding Officer of this body, at this time, ii
that he place himself at the head of the Senate, j:
and that we return to our Chamber witho® any j'
further discussion, or any further motion here. ]
1 hope the Presiding Officer will pursue that j
course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER submitted to the j
Senators the motion that the Senate return to the j
Senate Chamber; and said motion was agreed i
to. !
The Senate, preceded by its President and other j
ofiber?, thereupon retired from the Hall of the j
HroSse, and the Speaker resumed the chair. I
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, [whilst the Sen- '
ate was retiring.] Mr. Speaker, I call for the j
regular order of"business. j
Tlj&SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine '
[Mr. Washburn] reported from the Committee !
of Elections a resolution in relation to-the seat I'
of the Delegate from the Territory of Kansas, ij
and the pending motion is to lay the resolution I;
on the table. Upon that motion the yeas and j'
nays have been partly taken. The Clerk will ij
proceed to read the votes. ji
Mr. ORR. I object to any such proceeding, 1!
The II ouse determined, by resolution, that they j;
would receive the Senate in joint convention. i!
The object for which that joint convention as- j:
ji sembled has not been accomplished,and no other >!
jj business is now in order, unless it be business Ji
■1 which has arisen during th« progress of that joint JJ
convention, and which must be decided by this
House before the Senate returns.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman^from South
Carolina makes a point of order, the^Chair over-
rules the point of order, and the Chair will state
the ground of the decision. " The House is in
session for the transaction of its business, and
under the rules the House can take up no other
business except that which is pending. If the
gentleman proposes to suspend the proceeding,
and introduce a new motion, the Chair will hear
what it is. m
Mr. HAVEN. I have a word to say upon this
subject, and I would not intrude it upon the House
but for the peculiar turn which the proceedings
have taken. I believe the provision of the Con-
stitution is that the House shall elect a President
if there be a failure in the joint convention. I
want to know whether that is not now the first
thing in order? [Great laughter.]
Mr. ORR. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from South Carolina will yield to me for a mo-
ment, I will make a motion which I think will
entirely obviatenhe present difficulty. 1 wish to
move that the vote of the State of Wisconsin be
excluded from the count.
The SPEAKER. No question relating to that
subject can be received.
Mr. ORR. Is not the House in joint conven-
tion ?
s-The SPEAKER. It is not. It is in session
as the House of Representatives.
Mr. ORR. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and on that appeal call for the yeas and
nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
question. The House having resumed its regular
session, the Chair directed the Clerk to proceed
with the call of the roll, which was the business
in which it was engaged when interrupted by the
special order.
Mr. ORR. But the joint convention has not
adjourned ?
The SPEAKER. It has dissolved; the House
of Representatives is now in regular session.
Mr. ORR. The Senate has retired to consult
and discuss a question which arose during the
progress of the proceedings of the joint conven-
tion. It is now proper that we jJ^>ald consider
the same question, so that we ma'JPlje prepared to
receive the Senate on its return.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will sub-
mit a proposition in order the Chair will receive
it.
Mr. ORR. I propose to make this proposition:
That the House reject the vote of the State of
Wisconsin in the count which may be consum-
mated upon the return of the Senate, because that
vote was not cast on the day prescribed by law.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Is that motion in
order ?
The SPEAKER\ The Clerk will read the
proposition.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" It appearing, from the face of the certificate of electors
from the State of Wisconsin for the election of President
and Vice President, that tlie vote for President and Vice
President was not cast on tlie day prescribed by law; there-
fore,
" Resolved, That tbe vote of the State of Wisconsin be
excluded from the count."
Mr. ORR. I will modify that resolution so that
it will read:
" Resolved, That the Senate be informed that the House
of Representatives have decided that the vote of Wisconsin
be excluded ftom the count when the joint convention
shall reassemble."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I understand that
the Chair has decided that we are not in joint
convention; that we are now in the transaction
of the regular business of the House.
The SPEAKER. The House is in session,
and the Speaker is in the chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I object, then, to
anything; but the regular order of business.
fhe SPEAKER. The resolution is not in reg-
ular order; but will be received unless there be
objection.
Mr. CARLILE. I object.
Mr. ORR. I think there can be no question of
higher privilege than my resolution, and I there-
fore appeal from the decision of the Chair ruling
