1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
056
: it out of order; and on that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
• . Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the appeal be laid on the table.
Mr. H- MARSHALL, I consider this an im-
portant question, and would like to say a word
or two on it; but I shall be.precluded from doing
so, if the gentleman from Illinois insists on his
motion toTay on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the oiotion to lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. The House adopted an order
to meet this day with the Senate for a specific
.purpose. That order has been complied with.
The Senate has jnet with the House, and it has
withdiawn. The Speaker has resumed the chair,
and the House is in session for the transaction of
the regular order of business.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr]
has proposed a resolution which has been read to
the House. TheChai risof the opinion that it is
not in the regular order of business, and can be
received at this time only by unanimous consent.
From that decision the gentleman from South
Carolina takes an appeal. The question now is:
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the iudg-
of the House
Mr. H. MARSHALL. This matter is worthy j
of the most serious consideration of the House,
and should be treated of calmly and considerately,
" for the precedent we are now to establish will be
cited as authority through the future of this Gov-
ernment. The House of Representatives — the
popular branch of the legislative department-1
should come full up to the line of its duty; I ask
no more.
The special rule under which the Senate came
to-day into this House, was made m conformity
with the Constitution and the law. The Consti-
tution requires that the President of the Senate
shall open all the certificates of the electoral votes
in the presence of the Senate and House of
Representatives, "and the votes shall then be
counted,5' and the question of election or no elec-
tion determined. The President of the Senate
has to open all the certificates, and then his func-
tion'is performed; and after all the certificates
have been opened, the counting of the votes is
then to commence and be concluded. A question
% has ariseiFhere to^day, when the certificate of
the vote of Wisconsin'was opened by the Presi-
dent of the fcjApate, whether that vote should be
counted; and when that vote was challenged by
a member of this House, the President of the
Senate undertook to say that debate was not ad-
"missible upon the proposition, and proceeded to
read that vote from a paper furnished to him by
* tellers who were appointed to keep the count, as
if that vote was to be counted, when the very
question before the bodies was, whether it is a vote
or not ? I entered my protest, as a Representative
of the peopie, against such a proceeding, which
in effect gives a construction to the Constitution
«o as to draw the whole power into the hands
of the President of the Senate; and thereupon a |
question arose as to the true theory of the Con- j
stiftuion, and of the function of the two Houses j
when in the presence of each other, for the dis- •
charge of this interesting duty. :
What is the function of the Houses when in ;
the presence of each other ? Are ihey mere spec- :
tators of a scene in which the President of the :
Senate and the tellers are the actors, or are the i
Houses to act themselves ? And if they are the |
actors, how do they meet and how can they net' '
When a vote is to be taken or a point determined, '
how do they vote—per capita, as individuals in i
an assembly, 01* as Houses in a joint convention ?;
It appears to me there is no real difficulty on the •
last point. Who are in the presence of each j
other? The Senate as a Senate, and the House j
of Representatives as a House. There could be !
no such thing as a vote per capita without destroy- !
ing the theory on which the Constitution rests;
for it must be plain that there might exist a state
of case, now or hereafter, in which, in a vote per
capiia> the members of the House would over-
whelm the voice of the Senate, and so 'draw
undue power to the-House, thereby enabling a I
dominant party of the House to execute its own j
purposes, without regard to the wishes or views j
of the representatives of the States. The bodies j
meet, sir, and vote as distinct organizations; and
when a vote is to be taken the Senate very prop-1
erly retires to consult separately how the vote
of the Senate shall be given upon the question,
and its vote will then be announced by its own
appointed organ.
According to my understanding, the Senate re-
tired upon the motion of the Senator from Illinois,
4Mr. Douglas,] and 1 presume the Senate will
consult as to its vote. We hnve now, as a t i ouse,
to determine for ourselves whether the vote of ihe
electors of Wisconsin, as certified by them, shall
be counted among the votes cast in the late pres-
idential election.
If you adopt any other construction of the Con-
stitution than that I have indicated, on the one
hand you supersede the Houses and place all
powerovcr thccount in the hands of the President
of the Senate; on the other hand, you destroy the
just weight of the Senate, and may establish a
precedent, by virtue of which, at some future
day, a largo body of Representatives may set
aside an election made by the people through the
electoral college, and assume the power of bring-
ing the election before the House of Represent-
atives. Lam, therefore, clear, that the Houses
meet us Houses, and no vote, per capit-?, can be
taken. Still, I am sure that the duty of determ-
ining whether a vote shall be counted belongs
to the Senate and. House, and not to the Pres-
ident of the Senawt and it is a duty 1 insist we
should perforin bftfore the vote shall be counted.
The House and Senate do not play the parts of
automata; nor are they mere lookers on at a
spectacle in which the President of the Senate
is sole performer. As to the tellers — they ore
part of the dramatis personal not known to the
Constitution—mere facilities, sir, adopted by the
Houses for con venie nee— instrumental! lies, whose
acts are no acts at all until the Houses adopt
them. Their countof the votes is the count of the
Senate and House when the Senate and House
agree on the repoit they make, and then they
are, as tellers, obliterated, and are not known at
all in the transaction—the count is performed by
the Senate and House: and I say, sir, until the
Senate and House do count the votes certified,
and the certificates of which are opened by the
President of the Senate in their presence, there
can be no constitutionally declared election of a
President and Vice President of the United States.
The functions of the tellers commence when the
Houses order them to record a vote as counted,
and they have no right to register a vote as counted
unless the Senate votes to count it and the House
agrees it shall be counted. The acquiescence of
each Houpc may dispense with the formality of
a separata vote on each certificate from the elect-
ors of a State; but the theory of the Constitution
is as 1 have stated it, I think, and the responsi-
bility of the count is on the Houses, respectively.
To take a report of tellers before the Houses have
counted, or before the Houses have agreed, re-
spectively, to the report, and while a vote from a
body of electors is under challenge from a Repre-
sentative of the people, is premature and unau-
thorized, and is not a constitutional ascertainment
of the election of the President and Vice Presi-
dent.
The SPEAKER (interrupting.) The Chair
will relieve the gentleman from Kentucky of i
the question he is now debating. J'he question j
is simply a question of priority of business— j
whether the resolution of ihe member from South j
Carolina is in owier, and supei.«t-des the rtgular ;
order of business of the Hou^o. The Chair is !
of opinion that it does no'; but if the gentleman |
from Kentucky desiies to make a proposiuon^or j
a meeting of the two Houses for a specific pur- j
pose, the Chair will rec< ive H as a matter of pnv- j
lifge, ond such conditions as the House propose !
can be stated. s
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I understand the Chair :
has aheady, heretofore,decided that the resolution
offered by the gentleman from South Carolina is
not in order as a question of privilege, and that I
an appeal from that decision is pending.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Well, I am already
discussing the matter pertinent on'the appeal.
The Chair decides the resolution out of order,
because^ in the opinion of the Chair, the meeting
of the Senate and House required by the Consti-
tution has definitely closed; while I am of opinion
that it has not, and that the House should now
deliberate whether, when the two Houses meet
again, this House will vow to count the vote of
Wisconsin or not. The £fcrmre has, as I under-
stand it, returned to iu&Chainber to deliberate on
i that proposition.
! The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Ken-
1 tucky will make a point of order on that propo-
i sittou, the Chair will rule it so that the House can
l decide. ^
Mr. H. MARS1 LL. I thought the point of
order was made. I thought it was mad«* when
the resolution of the gentleman from :S\>uth Car-
olina [Mr. Ork] was offered, asa matter of priv-
ilege, rejecting; the vote of Wisconsin, and the
Chair decided it could not supersede theordinary
pending business of the House, which has no re-
lation to the special meeting of the two Houses.
The appeal of the gentleman from South Carolina
from that decision of the Chair rests on the ground
that the special meeting has not closed, but that
this House should now proceed to determine, by
its own separate vote, whether it will or will not
count the vote of Wisconsin, when the .Senate
i and House meet again in order to count out the
i votes winch have been opened in their joint
i presence.
! The SPEAKER. The point of order presented
I by the gentleman from South Carolina is, that the
! r< solution proposed by him is in order, and the
i Chair thinks it is not, as not being the regular
j order of business under the rules. But the ques-
tion whether the House is now in session, has not
yet been put.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Kentucky
yield to me a moment? There seems to be a dif-
ference, more in form than m substance, between
the opinion of the Chair and my own. The Chair
intimates, that if a proposition be made in the
slmpe of an order, that the House continue the
joint convention at a particular hour, with such
limitations and instructions as the House may di-
rect, it will be in order, and in that order it may
be proper for us to say, " it is ordered that the
vote of Wisconsin be not counted."
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Will the gentleman
permit me to close what I desire to say? I will
do so in the least possible time. I would be com-
pelled to vote against the gentleman Js resolution,
because he has inserted in it " the Senate concur-
ing," thereby making it a joint resolution of the
two Houses; whereas-, 1 think this House de-
termines by itself, and for itself, how its own
vote-on the proposition to receive or reject an
electoral vote shall be cast when the Houses are
acting i*  presence of each other. Wedo not want
the concurrence of the Senate to enable the House
to determine how it will vote; and the view of my
friend is defective, therefore, in makftig the con-
currence of the Senate a condition on which only
his resolution will be effective. This view is
apart from any considerations which may de-
termine my vote as to whether the vote of'Wis-
consin should or should not be received. I do not
enter on those now, because I want to see these
other points settled. The idea, as 1 understand
the Chair, is that the joint meeting of the Houses
has closed. IIow did it close ? Has this House
determined what votes, cast at the presidential
election and certified, it is willing to count r Has
; the Speaker of tins House interchanged, by
j authority of this Mouse, any words on thai sub-
j ject with the President of the Senate, as the
organ of that House? Has this l-Tausi'Vcted at
at all ? Has it been culled to say y.x or nay on
any [joint connected with the whole subject, and
has it not merely gone so far as to see the certifi-
cate opened by ihe President-of the Senate ? Is
this not, in law, all that has been done ? It may
be said the tellers have leported, and the Presi-
dent of the Senate has declared the majority of •
! the President and Vice Piesident, and that they •
| «>re elected. Mr. Speaker, one of the tellers on
; the stand said they had signed no report—would
j sign none except to stale the whole facts.^Butl
| care not what the t< Hers said or signed, oK'hut
! the President of the Senate said. He said the
I Senate was in session here. So was the 1 Louse
! in session. II- presided over the Senate and
< over the Convention; but you presided, i hen uoU
1 theie, over the House. The Houses w  re in the
presence of each other, and each unJi*r its own
. officer. The Constitution requires this Hon^e to
■ act, and to count the vote; and my proposition
j is, that until the'House agrees to the vote offered
I to be countedj it is not constitutionally counted,
