THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. .
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 13, 1857.
New Series.....No. 42.
, Mr. MILLSON. I rise to a question of order.
, Mr. WASHBU^^E, of Wisconsin. I move
"that thakorder be amended, so that the vote of
-Wisconsin be counted; and on that motion I de-
sire to make a single statement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia rises to a question of order.
Mr. MILLSON. I will state in advance that
what I raise as a question of order may be con-
sidered rather as reasons why this resolution
should be rejected. If, however, it be a question
of order in the opinion of the Chair, I will only
gay that I will indicate the points of order, and
seek an opportunity at some other time to enforce
my objection to the resolution. My point of
order is this: The resolution assumes that the
Senate is to return in joint convention, when, I
hold, that they may never, and need never, return,
the work having been accomplished.
The second point is, that the Constitution is a
body of rules for the government of this House,
as well as those enacted by ourselves; and under
the Constitution the Senate and the House of Rep-
resentatives have never been, and can never be,
in joint convention.
the third point is, that the resolution assumes
the right of the House to reject the vote of a State
given for President and Vice President, when no
such authority has been given "(f the Constitu-
tion, either to the Senate or to the House of Rep-
resentatives, and when I think the power has
been wisely withheld from both to determine any
such question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Virginia.
Mr. WASHBURN^ of Maine. I wish to say
a word on this point®f order.
The SPEAKER. X>ebatc is not in order until
the Chair has given its decision. r
Mr. ORR. I will relieve the resolution from
pne of the difficulties suggested by the gentleman
from Virginia. J1 propose to modify it by striking
out " in joint Jhvcntion."
The $'PEAtKr. The Chair is of the opinion
$hat the resolution is properly before the House
as a matter of privilege.
Mr. ALLISON. I rise to a question of order.
My point of order is this: that this House can-
not know, as a House, what has been done in
joint convention until the tellers appointed by
the House shall have made their report. The
tellers have not made their report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. The laws of the United States
require the two Houses to moot in joint session
on this day for a specific purpose; and the Chair
holds that a proposition relating; to that purpose
■ is in order. Such a proposition is presented by
the gentleman from South Carolina. It is not
necessary that a reportshall be made to the House
by the tellers; nor indeed are they appointed for
that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN", of Maine. I do not know-
that I am disposed to appeal from the decision of
the Chair; but, if necessary, I will take an appeal
pro forma, at least, in order that I may make a
few remarks on this question. We have met the
Senate here to-day in pursuance of the provisions
of the Constitution, of a law of Congress, and a
joint resolution adopted a few days since by the
two Houses. At such meeting nothing could be
done except what had been authorized by the
Constitution and the laws of Congress.
- „Mr. RUFFIN. If debate is not in order, then
I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will then take
an appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has the right
to state his point of order.
Mr. RUFFIN. He is discussing,and not stating
it; and he says that it is not a point of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am stating
my point of order, which is, that the motion or
the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] is
not in order. Now, sir, if that motion is enter-
42
tained, and prevails, we shall be here not in pur-
suance of the Constitution 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
does not present a question of order. He will
please state his question of order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understand
the Speaker to have decided that the resolution
offered by the gentleman from South Carolina
was in order. I make the point that the resolu-
tion cannot be received, because this House at
this time, and in this manner, has no jurisdiction
over that question under the Constitution, the
laws, or the joint order of the Houses.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order of the gentleman from Maine on
the ground that it is a question for the House to
decide.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I take
an appeal, and I desire to state my reasons. The
Constitution provides that the IVesident of the
Senate, in the pre^pje of the two Houses, shall
open all the certificates, and that the votes shall
be then counted, and the person having the
greatest number of votes for President shall be
President of the United States, if such number
be a majority of the whole number of electors
appointed; and so in regard to the Vice President.
The votes shall bo opened in the presence of the
Senate and House of Representatives, and then
counted. By whom > There is no provision of
the Constitution, or of law, that they shall be
counted by the Senate, or the House, or by a joint
convention. There has been no joint convention,
nor could there have been any. The assemblage
here could do nothing for which it had not the
authority of law, and there is no law authorizing
the count of these votes by a joint convention, or
prescribing the rules and regulations to be ob-
served therein. It was the duty of the President
of the Senate here, in the presence of the two
Houses, to open the certificates, and to cause the
votes to be counted. The Houses had directed
how they were to be counted, by a teller appointed
on the part of the Senate, and two tellers appointed
on the part of the House. Thcso tellers made the
count, and hero, in the presence of us all, made
their report to the President of the Senate; and
the President of the Senate, in the presence of
the two Houses, and in exact conformity with the
provisions of the Constitution, did declare the
whole number of votes, and did declare who had
the majority. Nothing but that could have been
done. Theie was no power on the part of the
Senate, or on the part of the House, to interfere
with the execution of this duty precisely as spe-
cified in the Constitution and in the resolution of,
the two Houses. j
I hold, therefore, that no motion whatever can |
be made; an (J that the meeting under the Consti- j
tution, the law of 179'}, and the joint resolution, is :
Junctus officio. I have no doubt, sir, that there is !
here a casus omissus—'that there is ngtJaw and no
provision of the Constitution by wnrch anything
can possibly be done, except what has been done
by the President of the Senate m presence of the
two [louses. I hold that he ruled aright when he
refused to entertain the motions made to him, and
when he announced from the chair, in preseifbe
of the Senate, and to the House, what had been
declared to him by the tellers. That is all that
he did, and all that he had authority to do. I
am, at the same time, very clear that it is of the
highest importance that there should be some le-
gislation on this subject. All that we can now do
is to acquiesce in the decision that has been made,
and to set ourselves to work immediately for the
passage of a law which will prevent any trouble or
difficulty of this kind in future. I received a letter
but a few days ago from agentleman,eminentfor
his wisdom and ability, whostated therein that the
late Chancellor Kent, of New York, had told him
that here Was clearly a casus omissus; that there
was no power either in the House or Senate, or
in a joint convention, to interfere and participate
authoritatively in counting and declaring the votes
and deciding upon their validity; and he said that
the Chancellor.added,.,that he feared the time
might come when the country would be shaken
to its center on this point.
It is very certain, Mr. Speaker, that this vast
power should not be vested'in the Presiding Offi-
cer of the Senate, or in any man; nor should it
remain uncertain and unfixed by whom,and how,
it is to be exercised. Tho Presiding Officer may
decide all questions justly and fairly; or, influ-
enced by passion and warped by party heat, he
may abuse the great power. He may contrive
to exclude votes legally given, and thereby to
defeat the will of the people. The depositaries of
this power, and the manner of its exercise, should
be fixed by law of Congress, so that hereafter,
when any question shall arise, as arise it will, in
reference to the legality or regularity of votes for
President and Vice President, the tribunal will
be established by law for its decision, and the
mode, manner, and forms prescribed, so that the
trial may be had and the result ascertained under
the provisions of established and known law.
We cannot over-estimate the necessity of such
a law, Let the election of President depend
upon the vote of a single State, and let that vote
be contested in earnest, what weight or power
would the decision of one man have with the
country, or would that of Congress posses, act-
ing arbitrarily, without law, without rules and
orders of proceeding, and with a view to making
the President, rather than ascertaining who has
been duly elected by the people. Suppose the
will of the people defeated by a partisan President
of the Senate, or a partisan majority of Congress,
acting without limitations or restrictions, with no
established rules and forms, but making such for
the case as the exigencies of party require, and
what shall save us from revolution?
Instead of passing such a law as is demanded
by the necessities of the case, do not let us go to
making precedents which will beuselessforgood,
and will fail utterly when the weight of prece-
dents are required to resist the purposes of un-
scrupulous power; do not let us entertain motions
here, when the principle upon which they are
offered would imply authority on the part of
the House to do what would be inconvenient,
absurd, and unconstitutional. If the late meeting **
in this Hall were a joint convention, how should ||f
it vote per capita ? Whence did the House derive
power to insist upon voting in this manner? By
the Houses separately? Then one House might
lock the other by passing such orders or resolu-
tions as that offered by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] with conditions annexed ?
Then, if you may agree to a result upon condi-
tion that the vote of one State shall be rejected,
you may require that the votes of two or ten be
rejected; and the Senate may impose similar con-
ditions. Does any one suppose that the counting
and declaring of the votes in the presence of the two
Iloubts, as required by the Constitution, can ever
be had in this way? But, (sir, I took an appeal
from your decision to enable me to make those
few remarks, and now withdraw it. •
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. I offer
the following as a substitute for the resolution of
the gentleman from South Carolina.
Wherea«, the electoral vote of the State of Wisconsin,
cant at the late pio.-identuil election, wu« not cast until the
4th ot December lust, t!ie day after the day fixed by law;
ami whereas the presidential electors of the said State
were prevented from attending at the seat of goveijiment
on that day to cast tho vote of said State, by physical im-
possibility caused by the act of God: Tbereiorc,
Be it resolved. That the tellers be directed to cast the
vote of the haul Ktaitttitc same as if the said vote had been
east on the day pioWTCd by law.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I object to the reception or the
resolution, as it relates to n^flatter which the
House can now legally or cdBKitutionally have
before it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution is in order, as it is based upon a
statute specifying that the House shall sit on this
day, ana shall participate in the transaction of
certain business. The resolution of the gentle-
man from South Carolina relates to that, and is
necessary,to its completion.
