636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Mr. DAVIS;.of Maryland. I take an appeal
from that decision. It is with great reluctance,
Mr, Speaker, that I detain the House for a few
moments upon this question; but I entirely con-
cur with the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. H.
Marshall,] as to the very great importance of
the precedent that we are about to set, and there-
fore I beg the indulgence of the House for a few-
legal considerations which I think ought to decide
this question. In myjudgment,the phrase "joint
convention" has led everybody here astray. In
my judgment, theduty which was assigned to the
Senate and House of Representatives has already
been discharged. In my opinion there is no
judgment to be passed, either by the Senate or by
the House of Representatives, or by the tellers,
or-by the Speaker of the House. I think that the
Constitution of the United States has defined with
perfect precision what we are here to do; and
beyond that there is nothing to be done, except
on a motion which has not yet been made.-
The Constitution says that the President of the
Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate and
House of Representatives, open all the certificates
that are laid upon your table, as containing the
votes of the various States, and the votes shall
then be counted. They are to be counted in the
presence—not ofany joint convention—but of the
Senate sitting separately, and of the House sitting
separately—as separate Houses. Tt does not say
that any result shall be announced. It does nut j
Ijjrequire any judgment to be declared. It docs
' not confer 011 either the Senate or the House the
power to authorize the President of the Senate to
declare who is the President of the United States.
Mr. QUITMAN. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask a question? Who is to count the votes,
and to decide whether a vote is to be counted or
not ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That is the pre-
cise point I rose to explain my views upon. The
votes are to be " counted," and there the Consti-
tution stops. What do gentlemen mean by the
word "counted?" Do gentlemen mean that
counting a vote here has the elfect of a judgment
upon the vote that is couuted and admitted, or
upon a vote which is not counted and is rejected ?
Do they mean to say that if a vote were rejected
here upon the count by the tellers, or were ad-
mitted, it would bind any authority known to
the laws of the United Stales' It is that fertile
source of all difficulty, this ambiguity ill the
phrase we are using. I apprehend that the only
purpose of assembling here is lo identify the
things which are sent here as voles. The ael is
a ministerial, and not a judicial one. Counting,
or refusing to count, has no effect. Whether a
vote shall or shall not have the effect 01' electing
a President, is, after the mere ministerial act of
counting out the things sent here by the various
Stales, referred by the Constitution of the United
States to the body that is to elect in the event of
a failure of election, and there is no motion that
can be made here which can raise this question,
unless some gentleman shall rise and move, 111
pursuance of the Constitution of the United
States, that the House now proceed to the elec-
tion of a President; and when that shall have
been done, and the question shall have arisen I
whether the papers laid upon the Speaker's table,
identified by their official certificates, counted by '
the gentlemen who are appointed to count, are !
legal or illegal, that question the House, and the I
House alone, have the powerto decide; and until !
we are called upon to decide upon the question !
■whether we shall or shall not elect a President, j
there is no practical question which can be raised '
in this House, upon which our decision would lie j
final. Although this House should go on and j
pass separate votes upon every vote before them, :
. apprehend they would be extra-judicial opin- :
ions upon facts which they have no right to pass 1
upon separately, and they can only pass upon j
them upon the motion, or upon the presumption !
that there is no election; and the only decision !
this House can come to is, whether they will pro- !
coed or not now to elect a President. I presume I
that, with reference to the Vice President ex- 1
actly the same question devolves upon the'Se'n- '
ate, untrammelled by any count or refusal to I
count, accepting nothing as the basis of their de- i
cision except the papers identified here—identi- i
fied before the Senate and the House as witnesses :
to the fact.
Now, sir, no strict constructionist, or wide and
loose constructionist, can find any function con-
fided to both Houses together, or to one sepa-
rately, which enables them to pass preliminarily
upon the point whether one vote shall be counted,
or another rejected. No judgment is called for
at all. On the contrary, the Constitution care-
fully avoids asking for any judgment by anybody
upon a mere count. It does not say that any-
body^shall bo declared President of the United
States; it does not say that anybody shall decide
that question in joint convention; but it simply
says " the votes shall be counted;" that is, that
the things here as votes shall be ascertained, and
that he who has a majority of votes shall be the
President—not that lie shall be here declared
President, for the law declares him; and the only
way we can get on record any judgment of ours
properly under the Constitution, is for some gen-
tleman to move the practical question that this
House do now proceed to clcct a President. The
moment that one practical question is put, it ap-
pears how entirely futile all this difficulty is.
There are cases where it might be important to
determine whether this is, or is not, a legal vote;
but that case does not now arise; and no tribunal,
110 court, no judicial body, moots a mere abstract
question of law. We are called upon here to
enter nothing on the record, to pass no judgment,
until called upon to elect a President; and then
we settle the great lehiiit that there is an election
of President by refusing to go 011 and perform
that duty.
I submir, therefore, that the formal counting
out of the certificates by the persons appointed,
has discharged all the functions which the Con-
stitution requires to be performed in the presence
of the two Houses, and they having been wit-
nesses of that one fact, there is no reason why
they should assemble again. Our tellers are
called upon to give 110 certificate by any law. We
are not called upon to identify the fact in any
other manner than simply by counting out the
votes; and when the certificates have been opened,
the Constitution itself declares to the legal mind
of the body the fact that a President has been
elected.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, obta/ned the floor.
Mi. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman from Georgia yield 1110 the floor for a
single moment, to read a few words from Kent's
Commentaries?
Mr. COBB. I will yield the floor for that pur-
pose.
Mr. WASHBURN, (reading:)
" The act of Congress of 1st of M u'eh. 17<H, section S,
dirccl* that the certificate of tiie votes shall lie delivered
to the President of the yen,ne before the iiist Wednesday
of .laninuy next eiifeUiii!; the election. The President of
the Senate, on the second Wednesday 111 Felnuary suc-
ceeding eveiy meeting of Hie cleetois, ui the presence of
both Houses of Congiess, opens all the ceitiiicatcs, and the
votes are then to lie counted. The Constitution does not
express hywkom. the votes are to he counted and the result
declared. In ttie case of questionable votes and a rloscly-
contcstcd election, this power may he important; and I jn'e-
siuae. in the absence of all legislative pro vision on the subject,
that the President of the Senate counts the notes,anddeterm-
ines the result, anil that the Houses are present only as spec-
tators to witness the fairness and accuracy of t/ietruiuaclioil,
only if no ihoice be mode by the electors. The
HUMJof Kept esentaiives,m such ease," are to choose imme-
diately, which, f presume, inay lie \vllile the two Houses
are together, 1 hongli they may vote after they have retired,
tortlie Constitution holds then choice to be valid, if made
bcfoie the 4th day ot Mareli following."
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I think there are very
important questions connected with the subject
now before the House, and it strikes me that the
two Houses are in the best possible condition to
decide those questions properly , as I see 110 prac-
tical result to flow from any decision pronounced
upon any point. The whole difficulty which arose
while the two bodies were together was upon the
simple point whether the Presiding Officer over
the two bodies should decide when we had com-
pleted the duties for which we had assembled, or
whether that question should be decided by the
two bodies themselves. That is the point, and
the only point; and when we are relieved from
that difficulty all others cease to exist.
Now, during that session I submitted that
point to the Presiding Officer, andl thon insisted,
and I now insist, that it was not within the prov-
ince of the Presiding Officer to determine for the
two Houses when the work had been completed,
or to dissolve the joint convention, or whatever
else you nujy see proper to call it. Aifd the ques-
!j tion is, whether or not that question is to be
'' decided when the two Houses are together, by
the members of the two Houses per capita, or as
Houses respectively? I confess, sir, that that is
not free from difficulty. On the first suggestion
of this question, I was inclined to the opinion
that it should be decided by the members of both
Houses voting per capita. I listened with interest
and instruction to the able argument of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky (Mr. H. Marshall] on
this point; and f am inclined now very strongly
to the opinion, that whilst the Presiding Officer
shall not decide, but the two Houses shall de-
cide, yet they must decide it as Houses, one as
the Senate, and the other as the House of Rep-
resentatives. If they differ, there is, I confess,
no provision for that condition of things; and a
casus omissus exists.
Now, in reference to the view suggested by the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] I am not
prepared to condemn it, but I will suggest to him
the difficulty as it occurs to my mind. The
student of the Constitution of this country finds
no unmeaning provisions in it. Would the framers
of that instrument have provided that the duty of
examining and counting the votes cast for Pres-
ident and Vice President should be discharged in
the presence of both Houses, and then leave the
decision to be made by one House alone, and that,
too, the House which was to elect a Presjdent,
provided there «ms a failure to elect by the elect-
oral colleges? If the argument of my fiiend
from Maryland be well taken and sustained, then,
sir, the President and members of the Senate are
here for no practical purpose. Every duty could
be as well performed by the Speaker and the
House of Representatives alone. They could as
well go through with the simple function of open-
ing and recording the papers which have been
returned to the two bodies. If a question arises
whether or not one of these papers is a forgery,
who is to decide it? If a question arises whether
or not one of these papers should be counted,
who is to decide it? Who is to decide either
of these questions? Upon the theory of my
friend from Maryland, nothing can be done ex-
cept to make a record of the papers which have
been placed in the charge of the President of the
Senate. But when the Senate have retired, then
the duty, the important duty, the great respon-
sibility, according to the gentleman, is placed
on this House to decide whether or not an elec-
tion has transpired; and that if a majority cf this
House sees proper to declare that, on account
of informalities—on account of one cause or an-
other, the vote of this State, and of that and
the other State, shall be rejected, so that the rec-
ord shows no election has been had in conform-
ity with the Constitution, then we are to pro-
ceed to elect a President of the United States.
I say that the theory of our Constitution could
not have contemplated such a state of things as
that, and could not have required the President
of the Senate and the Senate to come to this Hall
to be witnesses of this transaction, with all the
power residing in the House of Representatives
to determine the question.
It strikes me, therefore, as the better eourse to
be pursued in this state of things, that when a
question arises; and the two bodies are together,
it should be settled with the two bodies sitting
here; for, as the Presiding Officer of the joint con-
vention very properly declared, the Senate was
then in session, and he entertained a motion from
a Senator, and put it to the Senate to be voted on.
Why could not the Senate then have acted on any
question? Why could not the House have acted
on any question? Why could they not have cast
their votes respectively? This presents a fair op-
portunity of deciding this question, free from dif-
ficulty. What occurred during the time the two
Houses were together ? The votes were counted,
the tellers reported, and the Presiding Officer an-
nounced the result. The question arose as to the
vote of the State of Wisconsin. That State did
not vote for the persons elected; but, whether
counted or not, it would not change the result.
But a case may arise hereafter when such a vote
may change the result; and I think we ought now
to prepare for such an emergency.
It strikes me that the suggestion made b,y my
friend from North Carolina [Mr. Craige] was
entitled to more consideration than the House
has been disposed to give it; and that was, that
