1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
committees of the two Houses should mpet and
Confer on this subject. If in the view presented
by my friend from Virginia [Mr. Mili,son] we
have completed our work—done all that is neces-
sary to be done, then I am inclined to the opinion
that we have gone far enough for all practical pur-
poses; but if a majority of this House think we
have not—if any member of this House is of the
opinion that the duty devolving on the House
under the Constitution and the law of the land
has not been discharged, that member and that
majority of this House cannot, without perjury
resting on their consciences, adjourn this boijr
until that work is completed. The House must
see that the work has been done, that the decla-
ration has been made and the duty discharged, or,
sir, you walk over the provisions of this Consti-
tution, and disregard a duty you have sworn to
discharge.
I think, under this state of things, that it is
well for the House to stop and consider maturely,
and free from all feeling and prejudice—there is
nothing to cause it here fortunately; for the de-
cision of such an important issue there is nothing
to inflame the passions of membeis, nothing to
swerve their judgments from a proper decision in
this case—the resolution now before it. I object
to the resolution of my friend from South Caro-
lina, because I am not prepared to say that we
have not gone as far already as is necessary in
the discharge of our duty.
That is my onlygtoection to the resolution of
the gentleman fromSouth Carolina. 1 would
prefer, if I could.get the concurrence of the Sen-
ate and the House of Representatives, the adop-
tion of the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina. Let this House by its committee meet
a committee of the Senate. Let us consider the
questions which have arisen in joint convention,
and pronounce such a judgment as will afford a
precedent for the future—one that the country
can safely act upon and will acquiesce in.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
submit some remarks for the consideration of the
House on the resolution submitted by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina. The question of
the rejection of the vote of Wisconsin can in no
manner affect the result of the election, but its de-
cision is made important only from the fact, that it
has been assumed by the President of the Senate,
when objection was made by a member of this
House to the reception of that vote, that neither
the two Houses, ribr any member thereof, could'
be heard upon the questiaigHfat it depended for
its determination exclusiM^Hpon himself and
the tellers. I cannot usJHHr that, nor to the
opinion expressed by gentlemen here, that the two
Houses are, in convention assembled, only in the
capacity of spectators. It seems to me that the
Constitution imposes upon Congress—the Senate
and House—the duty of counting and announcing
the whole of the votes duly certified as having
been cast for President and Vice President on the
day prescribed by law, and the further duty of
ascertaining and declaring for whom such votes
were given.
It is not for the President of the Senate nor the
tellers to determine what votes shall be counted
or rejected. The Constitution provides that "the
President of the Senate shall, in the presence of
the Senate and House, open all the certificates;"
but it does not provide that he shall count the
votes,-the language being that " the votes shall
then be counted." What votes shall then be
counted? All that appear upon the face of the
certificates thus opened? Not at all; but only
the votes to which each State is entitled, and
which by the certificates appear, or may be pre-
sumed to have been given at the time required by
the Constitution, and prescribed by the statute.
The Constitution provides (article two, section
one) that " the Congress may determine the time
of choosing the electors, and the day on which
they shall give thoir votes; which day s^ail be
the same throughout the United States.' . The act
of March 1st, 1792, section two, provides that
" the electors shall meet and give their votes on
the first Wednesday in December;' and section
four of the "same act provides that " Congress
shall be in session on the second Wednesday m
February succeeding every meeting of the elect-
ors, and the said certificates shall then be opened ,
and the votes counted, and the persons who shall
fill the offices of President and Vice President
ascertained and declared, agreeably to the Consti-
tution."
Congress, composed of the Senate and House,
shall be in session on this day—for what? To look
silently on, while the President of the Senate and
the tellers jointly and severally ascertain and de-
clare who is elected President and Vice President
of the United States ? The two Houses are here
to count the votes, and to ascertain and declare the
result. The President of the Senate and the tell-
ers are but the mere agents or organs of the two j
Houses. The doty to ascertain and declare these
results is, in my opinion, devolved upon the two
Houses, not upon the President of the Senate or
the tellers.
The two Houses arc thus convened, not to
elect a President and Vice President, but to ascer-
tain and declare the election which has been made
(if any) by the electors appointed by the people
in the several States. In the discharge of this
duty, the Congress may not go behind the certifi-
cates, and inquire into the qualifications of the
electors, or into any other fact not appearing upon
the certificates. But, sir, the two Houses, m my
judgment, may and should reject all votes which
arc certified to have been given on a day other
than that prescribed by law. Such a certificate
upon its face shows that such votes were given
contrary to the Constitution and the act in aid of
the Constitution. The constitutional provision,
that " the votes shall then be counted," can only
be construed to mean the votes given on the day j
prescribed by law, which the same instrument ;
declares " shall be the same day throughout the
United States, "and that Congress may determine
the day on which such votes shall be given. That
day Congress has fixed, and the certificate of
Wisconsin shows that the voles of her electors
were not given on that day, but upon another day.
I am convinced that it is the office and duty of
the House and Senate to see that no votes are
counted which, by the certificate opened and read
in their hearing, were given contrary to the ex-
press requisitions of the Constitution and the
statutes; and that they have no right to count
votes certified to have been aivoufor President or
Vice President on a day different from Uut pre-
scribed. The electors of the several States cannot
meet on different days, and vote for President and
Vice President; end if they do, and so certify the
fact, it is neither the province nor duty of the two
Houses of Congress to ascertain and declare an
election upon votes so certified. I am, therefore,
for some.declaration on the part of the House to
thnt effect.
Mr. SCOTT. Allow me to make an inquiry
of the Chair. I understand that our Journal will
show the action of the convention.
The SPEAKER. The House has no Journal
of the convention.
- Mr. BOYCE. Difficulties of a somewhat sim-
ilar kind, Mr. Speaker, to those which now oxist,
have occurred before. In objection was
made to counting the votes of the State of Mis-
souri. I shall lead what Mr. Clay said on that
occasion, and how the difficulty was obviated, it
seems to me that by pursuing the uume course all
the difficulties in this case will be obviated. #
The following extract was read by the Clerk:
"Mr. Ci.ay <;iLi(i he really mw 110 difficulty in Una biM-
ness; and, before lie sat down, shoajd make a motion, wuh
ft view to put an end to tins di&uu^iOn. The House and
Senate have, by a joint act, this day agreed, that, m the
event of an objection being made to the vote of lui^ouu,
her vote should be counted hypolbeticaliy; that the whole
number should be announced, including the vote of Mis-
souri, and that the number should also be stated as it would j
be, the vote of Missouri bemy excluded; and the result not j
varying, that it should be declared that, in either ea^e, the \
person having the largestnumber of votes was duly elected. I
The motive winch operated on the joint committee in rec- i
ommending this course, and on the two Housed 111 .idoptm^
it, was to avoid the veiy dilficulty into which the House was
about to precipitate itselt. Jt was an effort to pi ovule, by
pievious arrangement, for the vuiy contingency winch ban
arisen. The moment the objection was made, m that in-
stant the rule adopted thw morning took effect. Mr. o.
said it therefore appeared to him, with veiy great defeicnce
to the course of the presiding officer of the Senate, tnat he
ought to have gone on, and, after the votes had been summed
up, to have made the annunciation as proposed m the joint
resolution adopted this morning. . .
'■'The two Houses ought not, in the opinion of Mr C- ,
to have separated until they had consummated what had
been stipulated for. He was now not willing to take up
anv proposition on this subject or any other, however un-
willing he might have been to meet it at any other time.
He was opposed to do so, becau&e to do so is a violation
of good faith between the two Houses, as pledged by the
arrangement of this morning- He had not a doubt, he said,
that Missouri" might he Admitted intotfre Union in a'Variety
of ways, and veiy pofaibjy, on proper e.famtnatlon,lho rhQde
flow proposed might be one of them, bv the two
jointly or separately, giving her the exercise of 'a
which, as a State, would belong to her. The House, how-
ever, as? well as the Senate, had viitually determined to get
round thai question to-day, and to put an end to any con-
troversy which might ariae in respect to it, in the manner
contemplated by the second resolution fussed this mow-
ing. Mr. O. therefore moved that the subject now under
consideration be laid on the table, in order to resume the-
buMiioss which had been interrupted by the retirement of
the Senate."
Mr. BOYCE. The question was then taken on
Mr. Clay's motion to lay the resolution on the
table, and it was decided in the affirmative; and
then, on motion of Mr. Clay, it was ordered that
a message be sent to the Senate to inform that
body that the House was ready to receive the
Senate in the Chamber of the Ilouse of Repre-
sentatives, for the purpose of continuing the
enumeration of the votes. I move, then, Mr,
Speaker, first, that wc adopt a resolution that the
vote of Wisconsin be coun^d hypothetically;
and, secondly, that a messagHR sent to the Sen-
ate inviting that body to come in and continue in
convention until the announcement is made.
The SPEAKER. There is an appeal from the
decision of the Chair pending, and the motion
cannot now be received.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit a question
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania rises to a question of privilege.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, my question
of privilege is this: That, in compliance with the
requirements of the Constitution and the act of
Congress in relation to the subject, the Senate
and llousc of Ilepiesentatives having- assembled
in joint convention, and having counted the votes,
and the result having been duly pronounced and
declared, there is nothing left Initio adopt the
resolution I submit, providing that a committee
be appointed to inform James Buchanan, of Penn-
sylvania, that he has been elected President of
the United States for the constitutional term, be-
ginning on the 4th day of March proximo; and
also to inform John C. Bieckmudge, of Ken-
tucky, that ho has been elected Vice President
of the United States for the same period. The
following is the resolution:
The Senate and House of Representatives having, in ohe
dioncc to the lequireinents of the Constitution, assembled
in the Ilouhe of Itepiesentafiveii to count the votes east for
President and Vice President of the (Jmted States, and it
appealing that James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, having
received a mnjoiity of the votes cast for Piesideut of the
United States, wh'icff said result having been ptonounced
and declared , and if also appearing that John C. Breekm-
inlge, of Kentucky, having received a majority of the votes
ea^t for Vice ProVident of the United States, which said
loulf having bucn pionounced and declared; and it ap-
pealing that James Buchanan and John C. Breckinridge
having leceived mote than the constitutional number of the
\ote-* cast, without any question or contc&t, objection or
doubt:
Ilnolectl. That the Speakerof the House be requested to
appoint a committee, to act 111 conjunction with a similar
Uiimmttrc of tlic Senate, to wait upon James Buchanan,
of Pennsylvania, ami inform linn lie has been elected to bo
President of the L'lnted States, fortlie constitutionalterm of
lour yeats,commencing on the 4th day of March, 1857; and^
a!-<> to wait upon John C. Breckinridge, of Kentucky, and
to nifn.iri liun that lie lias been elected Vice Presidont of
tile 1 Tuned states, lor the constitutional term of four years,
commencing oil the 4th day of March, 3857.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, in the opin-
ion of the Chair, is not a creation of privilege,
and is not in order at this time.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well, sir. It how-
ever occurred to my mind wc had nothing else to
do upon the subject but to pursue the course I
have indicated.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask ray col-
league to withdraw the motion, until I can have
read for iiifoimation a resolution which X propose
to offer as a substitute.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay upon the
tabic is not received pending the question of order
as to whether the resolution itself can be received.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to lay the appeal
from the decision of the Chair upon the_ table.
Mr. FLAGLER, (at twenty-five minutes to
four o'clock, p. m.) X move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. AKERS. I move that the House take a
recess until seven o'clock.
