660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask to hare my
proposition read.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I withdraw the
f appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I now propose aa
a substitute for the resolution of the gentleman
from South Carolina the resolution which I send
to the Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The resolution of the gentleman from South Car-
olina was offered as an original proposition. A
substitute was proposed for that by the gentle-
man from Wisconsin. My point of order is, that
110 other substitute can be in order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin moved to amend the original resolution;
and the gentleman from Ohio moves an amend-
ment to the amendment, which is in order.
The substitute offered by Mr. Campbell was
then read, as
Whereaa the memoers of thia House arc satisfied that,
in pursuance of the Constitution and laws of the United
States, James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, has been elected
President, and that John C. Breckinridge, of Kentucky, has
been elected Vice President, for the constitutional term of
four years from the 4th of March, 1837; and '.vhereas tliey
are further satisfied that a majority of the people of Wis-
consin cast their votes for John C. Fremont as President,
and Wiiham L. Dayton for Vice President, and that the
electors, by act of Providence, failed to cast their votes
..upon the day fixed by law; and whereas the vote of the said
fjgState of Wisconsin cannot affect the result of the election :
* Therefore,
Resolved, That when the Senate agam return to the Hall
of the House of Representatives, under the provisions of the
joint resolution, it is the opinion of this House that the vote
of said State of Wisconsin ought to be counted.
Mr. LETCHER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that he add to his resolution,
that a committee be appointed to notify the Sen-
ate.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Senate left
this Hall of their own accord, and when they see
fit to return, this resolution, if passed, carries with
it the expression of the sense of this House. I
am not in favor of sending any committee after
that body. They left us, a coordinate and coequal
branch of the National Legislature, of their own
will, abruptly; and when they return here, I trust
we will receive them and treat them with becom-
ing courtesy.
No difficulty can grow out of the adoption of
this resolution in future. It simply puts the facts
of the case on record, and establishes 110 danger-
ous precedent.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to know of the
gentleman from Ohio, whether,# single human
being in the State of Wisconsin voted for John
C. Fremont for President, or for William L.
Dayton for Vice President; and I wish to know,
further, whether m the purview of the Constitu-
tion, and according to the facts, the people of that
State did not cast their votes for electors of Pres-
ident, and not for President directly; and whether
ho weans to have this House stultify itself by
declaring, by this resolution, that to be a fact
which is not a fact?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will modify my
•resolution so as to meet the gentleman's peculiar
views or abstractions. I will insert before " John
C. Fremont," the words "electors favorable to
the election of." And now, Mr. Speaker, having
accepted the suggestion of the gentleman, and
having modified my amendment, without going
into any elaborate argument upon the abstruse
principles of the law bearing upon this case, I
will content myself by bringing the House, if I
can, to a vote upon the proposition. I therefore
wove the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of lennessee. I wish to appeal
to the gentleman from Ohio to withdraw the call
for the previous question, that I may make a
few remarks, as I was one of the tellers on the
part of the House, and have not had an oppor-
tU™ 7 HA^AinnPT ^ uP°n lhis question.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The position of
the gentleman from Tennessee is somewhat pecu-
liar, he having been one of the tellers on the part
of the House; and with the understanding that
he will renew the call for the previous question I
will withdraw it for his benefit. '
Mr. BOYO'E. What has become of the res-
olution I sent to the Clerk's desk?
The SPEAKER. It was not received.
JM'-' JONES, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I
think there is no necessity for any of this excite-
ment or feeling on the present occasion.
Mr. DUNN. I ask my friend from Tennessee
to permit a resolution I have prepared, and which,
when in order, I will submit, to be read for in-
formation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No further amend-
ment is now in order.
Mr. SEWARD. And 1 object to the reading
of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have a very few
remarks to make. I would say that I have no
feeling on this occasion; nor, Mr. Speaker, do
I see the reason for any feeling or excitement on
the part of this House. The Senate and House
of Representatives met here this morning, in pur-
suance of the Constitution and the law of the
country, to open and count the votes cast for Pres-
ident and Vice President of the United States.
The President of the Senate, to whom the reports
of the votes of the electoral colleges were made,
opened them and handed them to the tellers ap-
pointed by the two Houses. The tellers reported
these votes to the two Houses. When the vote of
Wisconsin was handed to the tellers, I read it to
the two Houses. I read every word of the cer-
tificates attached to the vote of that State. It was
dated December 4, 1856, the day after the day
prescribed bylawforthe casting of that vote. The
other certificates seemed to be in regular form.
When I made the report from the tellers to the
two Houses, I stated that of all the votes cast,
James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, had received
for President of the United States 174 votes; John
C. Fremont, of California, including the vote of
Wisconsin, 114 votes; and Millard Fillmore 8
votes; and that John C. Breckinridge had re-
ceived for Vice President of the United States 174
votes; William L. Dayton, including the vote of
Wisconsin, 114 votes; and Andrew J. Donelson
8 votes.
Now, what is the plain provision of the Con-
stitution? After directing that the returns of the
electors shall be sealed, and sent to the President
of the Senate, it then provides that the President
of the Senate shall, in the presence of the Senate
and the House of Representatives, open all the
certificates, and the vote shall then be counted.
Was not that done; and was not the Constitution
complied with ? It goes en then to say that the
person having the greatest number of votes for
President shall be President, if such number be
a majority of the whole number of electors ap-
pointed. Is there a gentleman on thia floor, or
who was in the joint meeting of the two Houses,
who doubts or questions the fact that Mr. Buch-
anan has received a majority of all the electoral
votes, and is, therefore, elected President of the
United States for the next four years? Here is
the law of 1792, which provides:
"That Congress shall be in session on the second Wcdnoi-
dayin.Fcbruaiy, 1793, and on the second Wednesday in
February succeeding every meeting of the electors ; and
the s:nd certificates, or so many of them as shall have been
received, shall then be opened, the votes counted, and the
peisons who shall fill the offices of President and Vice
President of the United States ascertained and declared,
agreeably to the Constitution."
this has been complied with; the certificates
were opened, the votes counted, and the tellers
made their report. The Presiding Officer of the
two Houses reported the result, and declared that
James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania, was duly
elected President of the United States for the con-
stitutional term of four years from the 4th of
March next, and that John C. Breckinridge was
duly elected Vice President of the United States
for the same period.
Mr. WELLS. I ask whether the gentleman
from Tennessee knows why the electors of Wis-
consin did not cast their votes on the proper day ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That was stated
in a certificate on the other side of the paper which
contained a statement of the votes.
Mr. WELLS. I ask the gentleman whether
the tellers road that to the convention ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We did not read
it to the convention.
Mr WELLS. I call for the reading of that
certificate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That certificate
is, I presume, in the hands of the Senate, as all
the certificates of votes were taken by that body.
It is known (and I suppose there is no contro-
versy about that) tijaf the reason why they did
not assemble on the prescribed day was in con-
sequence of the terrific storm by which their
progress was impeded, and which prevented them
from reaching the seat of government in time to
cast their votes on the day prescribed by law.
That is the reason. It makes no sort of differ-
ence, it seems to me, whether or not we put down
the votes of Wisconsin, *nd say they shall be
counted. If they had cast their vote on the proper
day, Mr. Fremont would have received it. It
makes no sort of difference now, whether any
one of the votes cast for Mr. Fremont was legal
o^pot, or whether they were all illegal. It does
not change the result. Mr. Buchanan and Mr.
Breckinridge received one hundred and seventy-
four electoral votes. It is conceded by all that
they were legal and constitutional; that they were
cast on the day prescribed by law. Therefore,
no exception can be taken to them.
Now, it is argued here that it is all-important
to settle this question, for fear of the tremendous
precedent we are about to set. Why, sir, is there
a gentleman who believes (let us say what we will
on this question) that at some future election a
case can arise where "(when the electors do not
meet for one, two, three, or four days after the
day prescribed by law, and when the votes of
those States would affector change the result) this
would be held to be a precedent — a controlling
and influencing precedent, to be interpreted in
favor of the election of the gentleman who would
have succeeded to the Pre-si(kjncy if the votes of
the electors had been cast ofllie proper day ? I
presume not. I have nothing more to say on the
subject; and, as I received the floor from the gen-
tleman from Ohio on condition that I should re-
new the previous question, I do so.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. On that motion I call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. KUNKEL (at four o'clock, p. m.) moved
that the House adjourn.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 80, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Rillinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Branch, Brenton,
Broom, Buffinton, Burlmgame,Clawson,Clingman, Colfax,
Cornins, Cox, Cumbnck, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy
Davis, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Etheridse, Fiaaler,
Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Har-
rison, Herbert, ilollowawThomas K. Hoi ton, Valentine B.
H or ton, Howard, Jones, King, Knapp, Knoi,
KunkeJ, Leitcr,j\IcCaaMMlfergan, M or n 1),Murray, Norton,
Andrew Oliver, ParUHfPelton, Perry, Pettit, Powell,
Pringle, Purvutnce, Ready, Ricaud, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
Savage, Sheiman. Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Tappan,
Todd, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Waldron, Cadvvaiadet C.
Wasliburne, Bllihu B. Washburne, Watkins, Watson,
Wood, Woodwortb, and Daniel B. Wright—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barksdale, Hendlcy S.
Bennett, Benson, Bocock, Boycc, Burnett, John P. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Howell Cobb, Williamson it. W. Cobb, Cragin, Craige,
Crawford, Damrell, Davidson, Day, Dean, Dovvdell, Dunn,
Emrie, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D.
Fulier, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J.
Moirison Harris, Haven, Hickman, Hodges, Hoffman,
Houston, Jewctt, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Kniglu,
Knowlton, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkm, Humphrey Mai-shall,
Samuel S.Marshall, Maxwell,McMulhn, McQueen, Smith
Miller, Millson, Miliwaid, Moore, Mott, Nichols, Mordeeai
Oliver, Orr, Packer, Paine, Peck, Pike, JPuryear, Quitman,
Rcade, Roberts, Ruffin, Scott, Scwatd, Shortei, William
Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan, Talbott, Tay-
lor, Thormston, Trafton, Trippe, Vaik, Walker, Warner,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Wheeler, Williams, Wmslow,
Woodruff, and John V. Wright—94.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Pending the call,
_ Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Underwood, was detained from
the House by indisposition.
Mr. COLFAX moved a call of the House.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Mississippi, called for the
yeas and nays.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at four o'clock and twenty minutes,)
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 12,1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
