1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
661
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, information in relation to the improve-
ment of the St. Clair flats, with an estimate of
the amount necessary to complete that work;
which was, on motion of Mr. Cass, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, information laid
before the War Department by Colonel S. H.
Long, late superintendent of western river OTll
harbor improvements, in relation to the Des
Moines ana Rock River Rapids, and the harbor
of Dubuque, Iowa; which was, on motion of Mr.
Seward, referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. PEARCE presented a memorial of citizens
and residents of Baltimore, Maryland, praying
for an appropriation for enlarging and improving
the arsenal at Washington; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PISH presented a petition of the chiefs,
head men, and warriors of the Stockbridge tribe
of Indians, praying that the money and land
them under the treaty of 1848 and 1849, and which
the United States have failed to pay to them, may
be allowed and paid; which was referred to the
Committee on Indi^ Affairs.
He also presented the petition of George Law
and others, interested in the progress of steam
navigation, praying that an appropriation may be
made for compensating Mr. Allaire for his useful
and valuable invention of the " steam chimney;"
which was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BENJAMIN presented a memorial of mer-
chants and importers at the port of New Orleans,
praying that the number of weighers and meas-
urers in the custom-house at that port may be
increased; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of George
II. Rurker, deputy surveyor of the State of Flor-
ida, praying for compensation for losses sustained
by him in consequence of Indian disturbances
while he was engaged ill executing his surveys;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.^
Mr. DURKEE presented the petition of DanUffl^,
Whitney, praying for the confirmation of his tiSJI'a
to a tract of land; which wasugferred to the Com-
mittee on Private Land ClaflR.
SENATOR FROM INDIANA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been requested to
present to the Senate a copy of a portion of the
Journal of the House of Representatives of the
State of Indiana, containing a protest of thirty-
five Representatives against the election of Sen-
ators from that State, and declaring that there
never was an agreement of the two Houses, by
resolution or otherwise, to electUnited States Sen-
ators on the day when they are said to have been
elected; that it was an assemblage of individuals
not in a legislative capacity, not convened by
authority of any law or resolution whatever, with-
out precedent in the history of the State; that
there was not a constitutional quorum of either
House in attendance, and less than a majority of
one of them; that the time, place, and manner of
said election had never been agreed on by the
Legislature, as required by the Constitution of
the United States, or even by either branch of the
Legislature, and that to legalize the so-called elec-
tion would be to destroy the legal existence of the
General Assembly, and trample on the constitu-
tion of the State, which requires two thirds of
each House to constitute a quorum for the trans-
action of any business. This is a copy from the
Journals, and is sworn to by two of the protest-
ing members. I ask that it be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Pearce, Big lee., and Foot, were appointed the
committee.
NEW ORLEANS QUARANTINE.
M!r. SLIDELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into, and report upon, the amount of appropria-
tion which will be necessary to enable the President of the
United States to establish, in conformity with the provisions
of the third section of the act of25th February, 1799, entitled
" An act respecting quarantine and health laws," suitable
warehouses with wharves and inclosures at the quarantine
ground established by the State of Louisiana on the Mis-
sissippi river, below New Orleans, where goods and mer-
chandise may be unladen and deposited from any vessel
which shall be subject to a quarantine or other restraint
under the health laws of Louisiana.
MAIL FAILURES.
I submit the following reso-
INAUGURATION CEREMONIES.
Mr. PEARCE submitted the following resolu-
tion: ^
Resolved, That a committee of three Senators be appointed
by the Presiding Officer to make the necessary arrangements
for the reception and inauguration of the President elect.
The resolution was agreed to; and Messrs.
Mr. WILSON.
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the causes of the
failures of the mails between New York and Washington
during the present session of Congress, and to report what
legislation, if any, is necessary to remedy the evil.
Mr. President, since the meeting of Congress,
on the 1st of December—seventy-two days ago—
the mails between New York and Washington
have failed thirty-eight times. Yes, sir, the mails
between the great commercial capital of the coun-
try and the national capital—a distance of only two
hundred and forty miles—have failed thirty-eight
times in seventy-four days. There is fault some-
where—in the laws, in the Postmaster General,
or in the mail contractors. This evil is extremely
inconvenient to all of us, and it ought to be re-
moved at once. A few—very few, of these fail-
ures were doubtless unavoidable; but most of
these failures were, in my opinion, the results of
neglect. I know of no portion of the country—
at least in the North—where such impositions are
practiced upon the traveling public as are prac-
ticed between New York and Washington. Pas-
sengers leave New York with the expectation—
with the understanding, that they can arrive in
this city in the evening train. Persons send by
the mail important letters, in the reasonable ex-
pectation that these letters will reach here in the
course of twelve hours. These reasonable ex-
pectations of passengers and those who use the
mails are often—too often, disappointed. Pas-
engers often arrive at Baltimore a few moments
after the train leaves for Washington. There are
Senators here who have arrived at the Baltimore
and Washington depot just in season to see the
Washington cars pass out of the depot. Passen-
gers are often thus left over, to their great incon-
venience; and the mails are often left behind, to
the inconvenience of the public. I hope the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads will
investigate this matter, and that some remedy
will be provided against the evils now experi-
enced.
The resolution was adopted.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee onJUU-
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the I«s|fe
joint resolution (No. 31) explanatory of the joint
resolution authorizing the President of the United
States to confer the title of lieutenant general by
brevet, approved February 15, 1855, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 710) for the con-
struction of a wagon road from Fort Kearny, via
the South Pass of the Rocky Mountains and
Great Salt Lake Yalley, to the eastern portion of
the State of California, and for other purposes,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 50) to authorize the selection of other
lands in lieu of the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
sections, in certain cases, in Kansas Territory,
reported it with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the following bills, reported them
without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 212) to establish three addi-
tional land districts ii) the Territory of Nebraska;
and
A bill (H. R. No. 613) to establish three addi-
tional land districts in the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. STUART. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 624) for extend-
ing the land laws east of the Cascade Mountains,
in Oregon and Washington Territories, have in-
structed me to report adversely. I move that
certain papers which I present, being communi-
cations from the Interior Department, be printed,
as the reasons upon which the action of the com-
mittee is based.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STUART, also from the same commiJIte;
to whom were referred the following bills, re-
ported them adversely:
A bill (S. No. 456) in addition to an act enti-
tled " An act to appropriate the proceeds of the
public lands and to grant preemption rights," ap-
proved September 4, 1841; and
A bill (S. No. 549) to secure to actual settlers
the alternate sections of the public lands reserved
in the grants to the States for railroads.
Mr. CLAY. The ComtiJfci on Commerce,
to whom was referred the OTr(S. No. 509) re-
pealing all laws and parts of laws allowing boun-
ties to vessels employed in the bank or other cod-
fisheries, have instructed me to report it back for
the consideration of the Senate. As this bill has
been delayed for some time without my consent,
and as the special orders have multiplied very-
much, I shall not ask that this bill be made a
special order, but I give notice that I shall call it
up when I think proper.
Mr. CLAY also, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the petition of Tench Tilgh-
man, reported a bill (S. No. 584) for his relief;
which was read, and passed to a second read-
ing.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of citizens of Mississippi
on the subject, reported a bill (S. No. 585) to
establish a port of entry at Biloxi, in the State
of Mississippi; which was read, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 499)
to reimburse Elisha W. B. Moody the moneys
paid by him as owner of the British bark Sarah,
•m the rescue of the passengers and crew of the
American ship Caleb Grimshaw, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred a
message of the President respecting the purchase
of the " Hermitage" for a branch of the Military
Academy, submitted a report, accompanied by
a bill (S. No. 586) to accept the tender by the
State of Tennessee of the late residence of An-
drew Jackson, as a site for a branch of the United
States Military Academy. The bill was read,
and passed to a second reading; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TOOMBS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 400) to divide the State of Texas into two
judicial districts, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 646) for the relief
of Thomas Jenkins, reported it without amend-
ment, and that it ought not to pass.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 442) defining the
jurisdiction of the United States courts in certain
cases, reported it without amendment, and that
it ought not to pass.
"He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 785) relinquish-
ing the claim of the United States to certain prop-
erty of which Elijah King died seized and pos-
sessed in the District of Columbia, upon certain
specified conditions, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 511) supplemental to an act entitled " An
act to ascertain and settle the private land claims
in the State of California," approved March 3,
1851, reported it with amendments. .
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of S. Gr. Pink-
ham and others, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. FISH, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of
William Mervine and others, praying for extra
