6 m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
compensation as naval officers serving in the Pa-
cific squadron, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of William Aitkin and
James Kelley, ar.d others, serving in the Japan
expedition, for extra compensation, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, fiom the same committee, to whom
was referred a communication from Thomas J.
PgjB and other naval officers, on the subject of
aaaitional pay for services in the survey of the
La Plata river, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. M. Brooke and
others, for extra compensation for services in the
North Pacific surveying expedition, submitted an
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, tosiom was referred the bill (S.
No.. 569) authorfB^ the Delaware and Potta-
watomie Indians to'sell the right of way to any
company for the construction of a railroad from
Fort Leavenworth, or Leavenworth City, to Port
Riley, or Pawnee, in Kansas, and for other pur-
poses, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. DODGE, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred a memorial of the
City Council of the city of Burlington, Iowa, and
a resolution of the Senate, respecting the con-
struction of a building for the accommodation of
the custom-house, post office, and United States
courts at that place, submitted an adverse report,
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Castine,
Maine, praying for the passage of a law for the
construction of a custom-house at that place,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of the Board of Trade
of Portland, Maine, praying for a modification
of the revenue laws, so as to have a revenue
steam cutter on that coast, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lam!-* bj> rim-
charged fiom the lurthei consideration of thy petition of
citizens ol low a31 ejecting swamp lands.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, it was
Ordered, Tlint the Comimttoe on the JudicLirv bo dis-
chargctl lrom the imtlier umsidciatinn of tiip of
the President telatm; to the doings of tin; Vigilance Com-
mittee lit San Frauoieco; and t!ie resolution* of til.; Losts-
laturc of Ohio on the subject of the repeal of the fugitive
slave law.
AAP.OS II. PALMER.
Mr. SEWARD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was leferred the
memorial of Aaron Ilaight Palmer, praying for
compensation for services for collecting informa-
tion of the statistics, resources, trade, nud com-
merce of the independent Oriental nations, to ask
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the subject. They have directed me to state
that, in asking leave to be discharged, the com-
mittee desire not to be understood as expressing
any opinion adverse to the claim, but they act
simply on the ground of the misdirection to them.
The case was originally sent to the Committee on
Foreign Relations, who asked to be discharged
from its consideration, and caused it to be referred
to the Committee on Commerce. The Committee
on Cammeree find amongst the papers a rcpoit
of the Hon. John M. Clayton, in favor of the pas-
sage of the bill, which it was intended by him to
submit to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and this report recognizes the fact ot the employ-
ment of Mr. Palmer by Mr. Clayton himself,
when he was Secretary of State. It recognizes
also m Mr. Palmer's communications the com-
mencement or germ of the Japan expedition.
Under tnesc circumstances, the committee think
he is entitled to a fair consideration of the claim
which he makes against the Government; but as
it does not fall particularly within their'depart-
ment, but is in the nature of a general claim on
the justice of the Government, they aslf me to
move that they be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject, and that it be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
The motion waa agreed to.
REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Com-
merce have directed me to report a bill (S. No.
586} to amend an act entitled " An act reducing
the duties on imports, and for other purposes,"
passed July 30, 1846. The bill is founded, as I
am directed to state, on a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, showing that suits and
litigation, embarrassing to the Treasury and ex-
pensive to the Government, are going on in con-
sequence of a difference of construction between
the Treasury and the judiciary upon a portion of
the revenue laws, which it is important should
be arrested, and arrested immediately. As it is
a matter of public interest, and there can be no
objection, I apprehend, to it, I am instructed by
the committee to ask, under the circumstances
and in view of the lateness of the session, for the
present consideration of the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires a
vote of the Senate, if there be any objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion, ob-
jection being made.
WASHINGTON INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. ALLEiV. I am directed by the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia to report in favor
of passing the House bill (H. R. No. 784) grant-
ing an act of incorporation to the Washington
Insurance Company. A similar bill was passed
last summer in the Senate, and sent to the House
of Representatives. The committee of that House
reported this as a House bill, with an additional
short section. Our committee recommend that
the Senate concur in its passage with the addi-
tional section, and if agreeable, I wish the vote
now to be taken. It will not occupy any time.
It is only three or four lines in addition to the
bill passed by the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill (H. R. No. 784) to incorporate an Insurance
Company in the City of Washington. The addi-
tional section alluded to by Mr. Allen is:
Sec. 17. Jtndbc it further enacted^ That the members of
said corporation shall each bp liable in his or her individual
capacity, for all debt* created by nicli corporation in favor
ofpeisons not membois thereof, to be recovered by action
of debt in any court having jurisdiction thereof.
No amendment being proposed, the bill was
reported to the Senate without amendment, or-
dered to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
GEORGE WHITMAN.
Mr. DODGE. A paper relating to the claim
of George Whitman for compensation for losses
sustained by the failure of the Government to pay
a draft by the Post Office Department has been
missent to the Committee on Commerce. I have
been instructed by them to ask its reference to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ST_JDETjTj: There must have been some
misapprehension about these papers. My motion
originally was to refer them to the Committee on
the Judiciary, as involving' a purely legal ques-
tion- I do not know how they found their way
tqgfe Committee on Commerce.
iffr. DODGE. They were referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and not being a proper sub-
ject for that committee, we ask that it be referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. SLIDELL. There must have been some
ex'ror in transcribing the Journal. I brought this
subject to the attention of Senators, and requested
its reference to the Committee on the Judiciary,
which, in my opinion, is the proper committee.
Mr. DODGE. Being a post office transaction,
the Committee on Commerce thought that prop-
erly it belonged to that committee. Of course I
have no objection to the reference which the gen-
tleman desires; but under my instructions from
the Committee on Commerce, the Committee 011
the Post Office and Post Roads was deemed the
proper committee.
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope the Senator from Wis-
consin will accept my amendment on the motion
of reference.
Mr. DODGE. Certainly.
The document waa referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives agieed to some and dis-
agreed to other amendments of the bill (H. R.
No. 581) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 1858.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. DODGE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a hill (S. No.
588) granting land to the State of Wisconsin, to
aid in constructing a railroad in said State; which
read twice by its title, and referred to tfee
Committee on Public Lands.
PRESIDENTIAL VOTE.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the following resolu-
tion submitted by him yesterday:
Resolved, That a committee of one member of tlie Senate
be appointed by that body, to join a committee of two mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, to bo appointed by
the House, to wait on James Buchanan, of Pennsylvania,
and notify him that he has been duly elected President of
the United States for the constitutional tenn,to commence
on the 4th day of March, 185? ; and, also, to wait on John
C. Breckinridge, of Kentucky, and inform him that he has
been duly elected Vice President of the United States for
the constitutional term, to commence on the 4 ill day of
Itech, 1857.
The pending question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. Crittenden to add to the resolu-
tion:
But it is resolved furthermore, ^pat the vote of Wiscon-
sin, being given on a day different from that prescribed by
law, ought not to have been included m the count of the
electoral votes ; and that any member of either the Senate
or the House of Representatives had the piiviiege and right
to object to counting the said vote, and that it was compe-
tent for the Senate and flouse of Representatives alone ta
decide upon that objection.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Mr. Pres-
ident, it is with great rcluctancc and diffidence
that I express a legal opinion in reference to this
matter. I, however, feel constrained to do so,
because I believe there has been a confusion of
ideas, and a misunderstanding in relation to it.
So far as the resolution of my colleague declares
that the vote of the State of Wisconsin ought not
to be counted, I believe it is correct and proper,
and I would so vote. I do not, however, believe
in the right of any member of the Senate or any
member of the House to object when we were in
f^nt session, or to take any part in it; and I
t proceed to show very briefly why I do not
eve it. I will read from the Constitution of
(-■-~
a:
the United States, &J&d I will state very concisely
what my view is. ^ffoe Constitution provides:
i" The doctor? shall meet in their respcc-ti^c: States and
vote bj ballot to r President and Vice Pi evident, one of whom
at Ica^t shall not be an inhabitant of the same Store with
themselves."
I believe the State of Arkansas was particular
enough to certify that fact:
"They shall name m their ballots the person voted for
as President, and m distinct ballots the person voted for
as Vice Piesident, and they shall make distinct lists of all
persons voted for as President, and of all nersons voted for
a* V*cc President, and of the number of'votes for each*
which lists they shall sign and cemfv, and transmit ^eaird
to the seat of the Governmentof the United States, directed
to the President of the Senate. The President of the Sen-
ate shall, in the presence of the Seriate and House of Rep-
resentatives, open all the certificates, and the votes shall
then be counted."
Now, sir, I apprehend the whole of this diffi-
culty began in what was an original error. The
rates are sent here to the President of the Senate,
who, as the officer presiding over the represent-
atives of the States, is to open and count them.
The Constitution says it shall be done in the pres-
ence of the Senate and House of Representatives.
The House of Representatives might have been
invited to this Chamber, or we might have gone
to theirs. You, sir, according to my opinion,
ought to count those votes, as the Presiding Officer
of the Senate. I suppose that notions of conve-
nience heretofore dictated to us the propriety of
our going to the Chamber of the House of Repre-
sentatives. This being a small Chamber, we did
not wish to bring the members of the House of
Representatives here, and seat them around in the
ladies' galleries because they were curious to see,
or put thenMp privileged seats, or niche-liolo or
pigeon-hol<P5iem in one place or another. As the
Presiding Officer of the Senate, the direction of
the Constitution is, that you, sir, shall open and
count the votes — that is your duty — before the
Senate, and the members of the Houae of Rcpre-
