1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
065
of great consequence, if we exercise any sort of
providence or foresight on this subject, that the
sense of the Senate and House of Representatives
should be expressed on that question.
Other difficulties may be removed by such legis-
lation as the gentleman proposes; but whatever
tnav be your legislation on the subject, there
must be electors, and you must appoint the day
when the electors shall be chosen, and the day on
which those electors shall meet and cast their
votes; and then the day of the election of the
electors; and the day when they shall meet and
cast their votes must, by the express declaration
of the Constitution, be the same throughout the
United States. You can, by no law, modify or
nullify the election in this respect. On the same
daj- on which electors are chosen in one State,
they must be chosen in all the States. The same
day on which they meet and cast their votes must
be the day for meeting in every State. That is a
constitutional provision.
As for the idea that it is in our power, or that
we ought to admit a vote under any special cir-
cumstance not given on that day because of the
weather, is to make the construction of the Con-
stitution depend on the state of the weather—is to
make it depend on any accident, or the pretextof
any accident, or the pretext of any unavoidable
detention of the electors from the place of voting.
. That cannot be. The Constitution says it shall
be on the same day throughout the United States.
You ought, therefore, in your law, to fix that
same day for all the Union. Here is a vote ten-
dered us from a State given on another day. We
call it a vote in common parlance; but in the con-
stitutional sense is ita vote at all ? Is it not merely
null? tJnquestionably, it seems to mo, it is null
and void. The constitution of a State, for in-
stance, provides that its Legislature shall be
elected on a prescribed day. Can any voter be
^allowed to vote afterwards? Does his coming to
^he polls the day after the election is over, 01- an
hour after, and declaring his voice in any way he
pleases, give any effect to his voice ? It is not u
vote; it is only a declaration of how he would
have voted if he had the privilege of voting at all.
It is idle to talk about circumstances changing the
Constitution in this respect, or giving by accident
validity to a vote which the Constitution prohib-
its. It is no vote at all, and should be rejected
as such. That is my idea, and I wish to declare it.
Upon more and more reflection, I am rather
disposed to settle it, because the other difficulties
which have resulted from the joint meeting as
to the mode of procedure may' be remedied by
legislation, and I hope will be. We have noth-
ing, in my judgment, so important before us this
day as the question that this presidential election
has opened to our view. Let us avail ourselves
of the warning which accident has given us—a
"warning which comes at a time when the ques-
tion is comparatively of 110 consequence, and we
can calmly apply our minds to the proper con-
stitutional consideration of the question. But
whatever legislation may take place, electors must
some day be appointed; and the point I now pro-
pose to settle is one that may arise under any
state of legislation you can possibly adopt. I am
willing to confine our action now to that unavoid-
able state of the case which may occur m every
future presidential election, in spite of all we can
do. We cannot give a single day longer than
that allowed by the Constitution. The vote must
be on a particular day. No time before, no time
after, will do. That is the Constitution, and we
cannot change it. We cannot say that, for the
purpose of avoiding difiiculties of this sort, and
affording more time fc>r the electors to meet, the
election may take place any time within three
days after a given time. We cannot give more
days than one, and that one day must be the same
throughout the Union; so that this question may
occur in any and every presidential election.
Now is a vote, given on a day different from that
prescribed, null ? I think it is.
I will ask leave, wishing, as far as it is in my
power, to avail myself of every means of obtain-
ing a vote on this question, to disembarrass the
object which gentlemen have in view by the
additional resolution; and, therefore, as I under
stand that the gentleman fr-om California, who
offered the original resolution, is willing that a
Tote may first be taken on my resolution, I
withdraw it in the form of an amendment, and
offer a distinct resolution embracing that single
point.
Mr. WELLER. For the purpose of effecting
the Senator's object, I can withdraw the resolu-
tion I offered for the time being,and the Senator
from Kentucky can offer his proposition.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Very well I am will-
ing to have them disconnected. *
Mr. COLLAMER. I understand that the res-
olution of the Senator from Kentucky is now
offered. I wish it read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion of the Senator from California is understood
to be withdrawn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I now offer this reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the electoral vote of the State of Wiscon-
sin, in the late presidential election, being given on a day
different from that prescribed by law, was therefore null,
and ought not to have been admitted or included in the
count of electoral votes given in the late presidential elec-
tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Permit me to make a ques-
tion to the Senator from Kentucky. I am per-
fectly willing to vote for all the" firopositions con-
tained in the resolution; I believe them to be
founded in the Constitution and the laws of the
land; but in the shape of a resolution it will not
avail so much as it would to pass a law now,
directing that hereafter, when the vote of a State
presented for count shall appear to have been
given on a day different from that provided by
law, it shall be the duty of the President of the
Senate not to count that vote. If we pass a law
declaring that, it will have effect for all futuie
time. If not, this will be merely an expression
of opinion that does not bind any one; and the
difficulty to which the Senator refers will again
occur. With a law there can be no difficulty.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Kentucky,
perhaps, can get at the question in this way: Let
him offer his proposition in the shape of a resolu-
tion instructing the Judiciary Committee to report
a bill providing that in such a case, where a State
fails to give a vote at the time fixed by law, it
shall not be counted. That will be a test vote,
and we can get the sense of the Senate 011 that
proposition.
„ Mr. CRITTENDEN. I prefer this mode. I
hear the gentlemen's suggestions with great kind-
ness and all proper respect; but I do not know
that a law may be passed. We have been now
seventy years and more without any such law,
and I do not know but that when this presiden-
tial election and the consequences which might
have resulted from it, have been lost sight of, we
shall go on without legislation. I wish to change
this resolution and make it a joint resolution of
the Senate and House of Representatives; and in
that form I offer it:
Resolied by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the electoral vote of the State of Wisconsin in the late pres-
idential election, being given on a day different from that
picf-ciibed by law, was therefore null, and oughtuottohave
been admitted or included in the count of electoral votes^
given m the late piesidential election.
Mr. BIGGS. Is it in order to move to refer
that resolution to the Judiciary Committee?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is perfectly
in order.
Mr. BIGGS. I move that reference.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope that will not be
done. 1 hope we are prepared now to act. I
think we ought to take a vote on it without a ref-
erence to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is obvious, Mr. Presi-
dent, in the first place, that the form of this reso-
lution is not the making of a law, but the expres-
sion of an opinion. In the second place, it is the
expression of an opinion concerning a .matter
that is past, and has no operative eifeet. The
matter is over to which it relates—it is all done.
There is no practical effect in the resolution when
passed, unless it makes a law for the future. It
is badly drawn with a view to that purpose, for
it only declares that the vote of Wisconsin ought
not to have been counted. That is gone by, and
it makes no regulation in relation to the future at
all. My first objection to it is that it is entirely
inoperative.
But, Mr. President, I should not have risen on
that account merely. Strange as it may appear
to gentlemen who may think proper to listen to
me, I cannot but say that I entertain very se-
rious doubts under the Constitution as to whether
we possess any power to express any opinion
at all about it. I very much doubt whether the
framers of the Constitution ever intended to leave
the subjectof the presidential election to the House
of Representatives, or the Senate, or either, or
both of them. There was agreatdeal of debatein
the convention that framed the Constitution as to •
the manner of choosing a Presidentof the United
States. Various projects were presented. Among
others, it was very gravely debated whether he
had not better be elected by Congress. For some
considerable time that proposition was under
consideration. Various plans were put forward,
various suggestions made as to the manner of
choosing a President, and much difficulty was
found in relation to it before a plan was arrived
at, and that so soon resulted in a practical failure
as to lead to the change in the Constitution to
what it now is in this respect. The Constitution
vested in each House the power to decide upon
the election of its members; it provided carefully
that it would not trust to the two Houses to elect
a President.
It seems to me that if we consult history at
all, and consider the probability of things even as
they fall within our own observation and expe-
rience, we shall find that there is very little prac-
tical difference between leaving the presidential
election to Congress and leaving Congress to
decide that election. It will amount practically
to about the same thing. Disguise it as we may,
after all the truth constrains us to acknowledge,
more or less, that, in deciding on the election of
members of the two Houses of Congress, when the
decision of the election of a proposed member or
a contested seat determines the state of political
parties one way or the other, the vote is a polit-
ical one. When the question arises in such a
i contingency, in such a crisis, it requires very little
! acquaintance with mankind to kno^what will be
! the result. It will be simply a political decision;
I and individuals, instead of being held responsible
; for their opinions and votes on such occasions,
will go with their party, and endeavor to get rid
of personal responsibility in that way. In decid-
ing upon an election which has been had by
electors, the legality of that election is always a
turning point in politics. There are always can-
didates of different parties; and decidingone way
would be the triumph of one party, and deciding
another way the triumph of another. It will
always present that state of things.
Now, is it difficult to see that, if the question
is to be submitted to Congress as to the propriety
[ or legality of an election of President, :t will
| always be a party decision ? It will be so, as a
I matter of course. There is no difficulty, whenever
I you choose, in creating questions of that kind;
I for it is a common ehnrgc of one party against
j another, that votes are procured by fraud and by
I corruption. In particular States, where there is
a close vote, each party chargcs the other with
producing the result by fraud, by violence, or
trickery. Then, whenever the election of elect-
ors is close in a State, such as Delaware, orLouis-
iana, or one where the possibility is more likely,
and it is decided one way or the other by only a
small plurality, the moment that election comes
to be canvassed before the two Houses, at once
testimony will be offered to show that the elec-
tion in that State was procured by fraud or vio-
lence, and therefore that the votes of its electors
should be set aside.. Such a question, I say, in
any tolerably close election, may be raised at any
time. Either party may at any time raise such
a question; and if they know how the Senate or
j House of Representatives, or the two Houses,
who are to pass on that question, stand, they
know what will be the result always.
Under this view of the case it is, to say the
least, exceedingly questionable whether, when
the Constitution said, not that Congress should
decide the election of President, but that it should
decide upon the elections of its own members, it at
the same time meant to trust to these Houses,
or either or both of them, the power of deciding
the presidential election. I very much doubt
whether, if we were now arranging the election
of President, we should ever think of resorting
to such a means as that; but I am not fully set-
tled in my own mind that that is so. If, however,
we adopt this resolution, it is not merely an ex-
pression of our private opinion on the subject of
I the Wisconsin vote—that is notall,byany means.
