1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
667
*01
tion. First, the Presiding Officer of this body may-
be the Vice President of the United States, and
may claim to be the President elect; and he is. to
stand there, in the presence of both Houses of
Congress, and reject votes, or admit votes, by his
single will, and thus make or unmake himself
President. It is a power higher than the veto. I
am bound to say, under my construction of the
Constitution of the United States, no such power
is lodged in any individual, whatever may be his
station. The Constitution says that the President
of the Senate shall open the votes. That is the
end of his duties. He is to open them and to
read thfm. The joint resolution never devolved
on the tellers the right to read those votes. The
joint resolution was that the tellers should record
them. Who are the tellers ? We heard a great
deal about their report yesterday. I do not care
if they never reported. They are nothing but
clerks—clerks of the joint session of the Senate
and House of Representatives. This is the very
language of the joint resolution, which was copied
from former precedents:
" That one person be appointed a teller on the part of
the Senate, and two on the part of the XJouse of Repre-
sentatives, to make a list of the votes as they shall be de-
clared, that the lesult shall be delivered to the President
of the Senate pro tempore, who shall announce the state
of the vote and the persons cleeted to the two Houses
assembled."
It was for the President of the Senate to open
the sealed certificates which were sent to him,
and to announce to the two Houses of Congress
their contents, and then our clerks, to wit, the
Senate teller and the two House tellers, were to
record it; and accordingly the Constitution says,
" the votes shall then be counted." Who are to
count 'them ? Congress. What are we there
for ? My friend from Kentucky [Mr. Thompson]
supposed that the House of Representatives could
be brought to our bar. I admit they may come
jtiere; but why do we want them for witnesses,
Or why are we to be witnesses, if we have no
control over it at any stage ?
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Will the
Senator allow me a moment?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I suppose,
according to all sort of logic and proper proceed-
ing, the President of the Senate counts the votes
officially. He does not count them as Mr. Ma-
son, of Virginia, but he counts them as the Pres-
ident of the Senate, under the direction and con-
trol of the Senate, where each State is equally
represented. The members of the House of
Representatives are present, looking on as wit-
nesses, to prevent any clandestine cabal or secret
association, or any sort of—I will not say Cati-
line conspiration. The President of the Senate
is to count, and do it under the regulation of the
Senate. The members of that House of Repre-
sentatives are to sit by, and whether we put them
in the gallery, or the reporters' desks, or in niches
—wherever they are placed they are to look on.
When the President gets through with the count-
ing, under the direction of the States as repre-
sented here, if it is ascertained that no person has ,
obtained a major^y of all the votes cast, the j
House of Representatives then retire to their i
Chamber; or, I suppose, official courtesy would i
require that we should notify them that no one
had been elected; and then the Speaker of the
House should rise and call the roll of the States,
beginning at the State of Maine, and ask the
members of each State for whom they voted as
President. That is to protect the States against
any—well, I will not say, fraudulent combination
—I will not say anything about the big States,
like whales swallowing up forty minnows at a
bite, or anything of that kind. I am of opinion
that the House of Representatives had no right
to say anything in regard to it, but I had nothing
to say about the Presiding Officer, when the two
Houses were assembled yesterday, recognizing
one of the members of that House as entitled to
the floor. I did not want to call any of them to
order, but I got up and went out, as 1 stated some
time ago. 1 thought they had no more right to
talk about it than a witness has to interfere with
the proceedings of a court of justice. In Ken-
tucky phrase, they had no right to put in their
"jaw" at all. [Laughter.] That is just the long
and the short of the matter. That is exactly what
I think about it.
Mr, PUG 11. I wish to put in a euvcat, once for
all, in speaking of the course which was taken
yesterday, or the views expressed. I join the
Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward.] I con-
sider it fortunate that the vote of Wisconsin is
immaterial to the result, and I consider it for-
tunate, too, that the Presiding Officer of the joint
convention was not interested in the result of the
vote at all; but I speak to-day as I understand
the rights under.the Constitution.
I think a grave error was committed yesterday
in the joint convention, and that it behooves us
to remedy it by whatever means we can. It was
the duty of the President of the Senate to open
the votes, and declare the contents; it was the
duty of the tellers, as clerks, to record the decla-
ration; and whenever a vote was presented to
which any objection could be made, the time to
make the objection was when the vote was read.
That was attempted yesterday. A Representa-
tive from the State of Virginia objected to the
vote of the State of Wisconsin. He was told
that that was not the proper time, and, submit-
ting to the suggestion that the proper time would
come directly, he took his seat, and we waited
then until it was all through. Then a motion
was made to reject the vote of Wisconsin, and it
was said that was not the proper time. Then we
were told to wait until the tellers reported. Well,
the tellers reported; and they reported the fact
that the vote of the State of Wisconsin Was given
on a day unauthorized by law. I agree with the
Senator from Kentucky, that it was a nullity.
We cannot make it a vote. It is not in our power
to do so, unless we can make the Constitution
over again. Then the objection was raised by
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs,] and
others, that it was now apparent, on the report
of the tellers, that here was an illegal vote winch
had crept in; but we were told that that was not
the time.
What further ? Then the Presiding Officer of
the two bodies read to us—here is his own state-
ment: " That one hundred and fourteen votes
had been cast for John C. Fremont, of Califor-
nia." If the vote of Wisconsin was a nullity,
no such number of votes was given to Mr. Fre-
mont; and in making that announcement, whether
he designed to do so or not—and I accept his dis-
claimer—he did in fact decide the whole question..
He could not have made this declaration without
deciding it. There were not one hundred and
fourteen votes for John C. Fremont, unless the
vote of Wisconsin was counted. Then an objec-
tion was interposed, and we were told that the two
Houses had discharged all they came for, and
were to separate and go to their Chambers.
So, at every stage of this proceeding, beginning
with the first presentation of the certificate, some
one of the members of Congress objected to this
vote, and he was told that the proper time had
not come, and the whole proceeding was com-
pleted and ended, and we were called out of the
Chamber and back here. .At every stage we were
told the proper time had not come; and now when
we get here we are told the proper time has not
come yet, or that it harassed.
Mr. President, when is it to bo settled ? Sup-
pose, as Senators have said, the vote of Wiscon-
sin would have led to a different result, we should
have had anarchy m both Halls of Congress. But
now when the question is here in the most favor-
able circumstances for its settlement for the
future, for a deliberate expression of the views
of both Houses of Congress, we are told that we
must lay it on the table until it shall come again
1 in more terrible circumstances, ar.d resolve our-
selves out of it by appointing a committee of three
gentlemen to go and tell Mr. Buchanan that he
had a majority of the votes. It seems to me—
and I say it with due respect to Senators—a tri-'
fling with the magnitude of the question. Let us
understand what is our power.
I believed at the time, and I believe now, that
when the Representative from the State of Vir-
ginia objected to that vote, his objection was
rightly made; it was made at the right time and
at the right place. I believe that the proceeding
should have stopped at that point—that all that
passed beyond that was illegal. Here was a vote
proposed; it was objected to by one of those
whom the Constitution said should be present
and assist in the counting; and it was then our
duty to settle what should be done with this
allesred vote from Wisconsin; and having settled
it—either admitted or rejected it—then the result
should have been ascertained and the "declaration.
made. Instead of that, it was passed over. I
appeal to Senators, was there any step in the
proceeding yesterday when any member of either
House was allowed to put in an objection, or
debate an objection^ or state it in the joint con-
vention ?
1 say it is fortunate that our Presiding Officer
had no interest in the result. I know the Pre-
siding Officer of this body will not suspect for a
moment that I have any unkind feelings towards
him; I have none; but suppose the case had been
otherwise. Aaron Burr once sat in your chair,,
sir. Suppose he had undertaken, or another
Aaron Burr, if he should come here in the face
of both Houses of Congress, should undertake
to exercise this extraordinary and irresponsible
power: it would be the end of this Government.
It seems to me, then, that a great error was com-
mitted; and although the Presiding Officer dis-
claimed intending to exercise it, and although I
believe he did not intend to exercise it, yet prac-
tically it came to that; for how could we ascer-
tain what the votes were at all if the vote of
Wisconsin was recorded by the tellers,and then,
the tellers having reported to us, we could not
pass upon the question ?
This is not exactly the Missouri ease. That
was a case which is never likely to happen again.
It was a question whether Missouri was a State
or not. It could have been avoided on that occa-
sion, and was avoided easily; but here is a ques-
tion that may occur one hundred times again, if
the Government shall stand that many years.
It seems to me, then, that my own impression
differs from that of every Senator who has spoken,,
except the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Nourse.}
I believe the two Houses together were the proper
forum to settle the question. I do not consider
that it is a legislative question. I do not believe
that it is to be settled by a joint resolution or a
bill. I believe the two Houses assembled together
were a board of canvassers organized by the Con-
stitution for the express purpose of counting these
votes. The whole number of Senators and Rep-
resentatives taken together is equal to the whole
number of electors in all the colleges. It is ex-
actly the same body of men in number, equal to
all of them. All the States, if they had voted,
there yesterday through their Senators and Rep-
resentatives, would have exercised the precise
power which they exercised in the election of
President. Every State has a number of electors
equal to her Senators and Representatives. Every
State had in the joint body yesterday two Sen-
ators and her number of Representatives accord-
ing to the apportionment: and I believe, as I said,
that that was a board of canvassers organized for
the purpose of counting the votes for President
and Vice President.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him a question for the purpose
of testing his position ?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. SEWAP^D. Suppose the two Houses yes-
terday had decided to count the Wisconsin vote
under the circumstances, and suppose that should
have determined the election: would the decision
of the two Houses have been conclusive of the
election ?
Mr. PUGH. I think so. It would be like many
a decision made by the courts. I have known
courts of last resort to decide what I believed to
be utterly unconstitutional; but I believed it to be
settled, at least for that case, and it was my duty
to acquiesce m it. In a proper case it may be
reconsidered. But I believe that very tribunal
was adopted; that that was the idea of adopting
it; that tho States were there represented by their
proper representatives, exactly as thefwere rep-
resented in the electoral college; that it wa^ the
duty of the President of the Senate to open the
votes; that when an objection was raised that was
the place and the time to settle it; and the ques-
tion should have been put, in my judgment, to
the joint convention, " Shall the vote puiporting
to be the vote of Wisconsin be received and re-
corded?'' If it had been recorded, althouga I
should have deemed it unconstitutional, I should
have felt bound, as a citizen, to acquiesce in it as
a decision made by the competent authority.
Mr. MALLORY. Allow me to ask my irtend
a question. Do I understand him to tak'-i the
