66$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 12,
position that this joint convention, as he terms
ft, but which term is found nowhere else than
in the debates of yesterday, this union of the two
Houses for the purpose of counting the votes,
may determine what votes shall and what votes
shall not be counted? Isthate«the idea—that the
Senate and House of Representatives assembled
as they were yesterday, have the power to rule
out or rule in the votes of any State ?
Mr. PUGH. "Why not? Do not gentlemen
propose to do it by joint resolution ?
Mr. MALLORY. Then how are they to cast
the it- votes—per capita, or otherwise?
Mr. PUGH. Per capita. How do they cast
their votes in the electoral college? The Consti-
tution says, for instance, that my State shall have
twenty-three votes. Why? Because she has
twenty-one Representatives and two Senators.
How many had she there yesterday? Twenty-
three votes—no more, no less. Why adopt this
number for the electoral vote of the State, and
make it exactly equivalent to the representation
of the State in both Houses?
My friend says that I call this meeting a joint
convention. I adopt that term merely for con-
venience. I do not care what title you give it.
The counting is to be done in the presence of both
Houses—I care not what you call it. It is a con-
vening of them both. It seems to be considered
a very dangerous power to be lodged there. I
acknowledge it; but is it more dangerous to lodge
it there, than in the person of the President of the
Senate alone?
Mr. MALLORY. Is notmy friend, then, pro-
viding a third mode of electing President and Vice
President, unknown to the Constitution, which
prescribes that, when not chosen by the electors,
the House shall immediately proceed to vote by
States? His method, as I understand him, pro-
vides a third method of electing President and
Vice President in this manner.
Mr. PUGH. I provide no method of electing.
I provide a method of ascertaining tjie fact who
is elected.
Mr. MALLORY. That is electing.
Mr. PUGH. I ask Senators again who else is
to decide it ? Are you prepared to adopt the prop-
osition which I understand was made by the
Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] that the
President of the Senate alone has to decide this
question ? Are you prepared to declare that by
a joint resolution, and have it vetoed by the Pres-
ident at the other end of the avenue ? It is no
legislative act. If it is, it is subject to a veto.
Suppose this case were to arise: that the vote
of Wisconsin decided the whole controversy, and
the President of the Senate should decide to count
that voto, and a majorityofonein the other House
should agree with him, and we, the represent-
atives of the States of which we hove heard so
much, should unanimously disagree with him: >
the vote would be counted in spite of us, for the
President would put it down, and that House
would disagree to your joint resolution to strike
it out. That is the result of the course you now
propose. There are ten thousand difficulties in
any other proposition to one in the proposition
that t have suggested. The joint body is a gen-
eral assembly of all the States, represented ac-
cording to their congressional power; but I only
gave that as the expression of my opinion, and I
wish to concur 111 what was said by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Nourse] yesterday.
The purpose of my amendment to this resolu-
tion now is that it shall be a resolution express-
ing the sentiment of the Senate that the vote of
Wisconsin cannot be counted; and that we notify
the other House of the fact, and notify them that,
having arrived at that conclusion, if they, by a
separate reflation, come to the same conclusion,
the two Houses can reconvene and count the
votes Upon that basis, and announce the result.
At present, i confess I think it is imperfect; and
I think it is imperfect for this reason: Here was
a grave olfaction urged to the vote. The objec-
tion was not considered at any stage; it was ruled
out at every stage, and the venerable Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Cass] told us to come back to the
Senate Chamber and consider it; and we retired
upon the suggestion that we could consider it.
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] said
that wo are to retire for that purpose. We have
retired and got here, and now we are told we
should let the whole subject drop. It makes no
difference to me. It is not denied in the resolu-
tion that Mr. Buchanan is clected President and
Mr. Breckinridge Vice President, and I am sure
that is perfectly acceptable to me. But the ques-
tion may arise in the future; and if we stand here
upon an imperfect settlement of this question, it
will cpme back to plague us or' our successors
with a thousand fold of its difficulties. This is
the time for settling it when no person can be ac-
cused of acting from interested motives, for it will
not alter the result. I am sure no man can be ac-
cused of any intentional discourtesy to the State
of Wisconsin, when it is a purely naked case of
construction under the Constitution. Wecangive
our deliberate judgment; and our successors, if
they choose, can avail themselves of that judg-
ment on more difficult occasions.
1 hope, therefore, that instead of attempting to
get rid of the resolution proposed by the Senator
from Kentucky in any of these collateral modes,
it will be kept before the Senate, and in some
shape or other the Senate declare its opinion on
this question, and then notify the House of Rep-
resentatives that, having settled this disputed
question, it is ready to proceed.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay the resolu-
tion, with the amendments, on the table. I give
notice that I will not withdraw my motion at the
solicitation of any gentleman.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I hope the resolution I offered
this morning will now be taken up. I understand
the House of Representatives lias laid the whole
subject on the table, and appointed a committee
on the part of that House to wait on the Presi-
dent elect. My object can be accomplished, per-
haps, by concuiring in the resolutions sent from
the House of Representatives.
The Secretary then read the following resolu-
tions of the House of Representatives:
In the House op Representatives,
February 12,1857.
Resolved, That two members of the House be appointed
by that body, to join a committee of one member of the
Senate, to be appointed by that body, to wait on James
Uuchanan, of Pennsylvania, and inform him that lie has
been duly elected President of the United States for four
year?, commencing on the 4th day of March. 1857; and also,
to inform John O. fiieelvinrid^e, nf Kentucky, that lie has
been duly elected Vice President of the United States for
four years from the 4ih of March, 1857. t
" Ordered, That Mi. George W. Jones, of Tennessee,
and Mr. T. B. Florence, of Pennsylvania, be the com-
mittee on the part of the House."
Mr. WELLER. I move that the President
of the Senate appoint a committee of one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate concur in the resolution.
Mr. WELLER. No, sir. My motion is
that the President appoint a committee of one.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
can have no committee until it concurs in the
resolution.
The resolution was concurred in; and there
being no objection, the President pro tempore was
authorized to appoint the committee on the part
of the Senate; and Mr. Waller was appointed.
COMMITTEE ON ELECTIONS.
Mr. BUTLER. I ask the Senate to take up
the resolution which I submitted a few days
since to raise a committee on privileges and elec-
tions. I thmk this is rather a privileged ques-
tion, and that I have a right to call it up. I do
not intend to debate it. I shall leave the matter
to the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There is a special commit-
tee of the Senate already raised for the purpose
of determining upon the reorganization of the
committees of the Senate; and it has this subject,
with others, under its consideration.
Mr. BUTLER. Very well. I withdraw my
motion. If my friend from Louisiana is at the
head of that committee, I would thank him to act
on this subject very early.
Mr. BENJAMIN. We shall do so very soon.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. ADAMS. I move to postpone all prior
orders, with a view to take up the bill (S. No.
487) to provide for the transportation of the mails
on railroads.
Mr. BRODHEAD. What is the regular order
of business for to-day?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order entitled to precedence is the bill to provide
for a survey of the Ohio river and its principal
tributaries, being the unfinished business at the
last adjournment.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish the Chair to consider
whether that is entitled to precedence, or whether
the bill providing for the compensation of pension
agents is not, under the facts and circumstances
of the case, the proper bill for consideration ? If
it is, I wish to call for that bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inform the Senator from New York that the
bill already announced by the Chair has the pre-
cedence, in his opinion, as unfinished business.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope it will be taken up,
and not set aside.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Mississippi moves to postpone all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the bill indi-
cated by him. The question is on that motion.
Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 16, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Clay, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
Harlan, Houston, Iverson, Jones of Tennessee, Mallory,
Reid, Rusk, Sebastian, Toombs, Weller, and Yulee—16.
NAYS —Messrs. Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Benja-
min, Bigler, Brodbead, Butler, Collamer, Crittenden, Dodge,
Fesseuden, Fish, Foster, Geyei, James, Jones of Iowa,
Mason, Nourse, Pugh, Seward, Slidell, Stuart, Thompson
of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade,
and Wilson—26.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BIGLER. I understood the Chair to an-
nounce that the next bill in order was the bill for
the survey of the Ohio river.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did make that annunciation, but he is now under
the impression that it was wrong.
Mr. BIGLER. I was about to say that the
friends of that bill would prefer that it should be
passed over for to-day. .
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. The 15th rule, W
of the Senate gives precedence, as the first special
order, to the unfinished business on which the
Senate was engaged at the last preceding adjourn- *
ment. The bill for the survey of the Ohio river
was not the unfinished business of the last ad-
journment.
Mr. WELLER. What was ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion before the Senate last evening, and disposed
of this morning, as to notifying the President
elect of his election. The first order of to-day
is the bill (H. R. No. 567) authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to purchase additional grounds
adjoining certain navy-yards therein named, and
for other purposes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to postpone that
ji bill for the purpose of taking up the bill (S. No.
' i 505) to provide for the improvement of the Mis-
j | sis-uppi, Missouri, Arkansas, and Ohio rivers by
!l contract.
Mr. MALLORY. I hope the special order
will not be postponed. I think the Senate can
dispose of it in a few minutes. It is a House Lill
to which the Naval Committee have reported an
amendment. That amendment, I think, can be
concurred in immediately, and t do not suppose
it will give rise to discussion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing to allow that
measure to be acted upon, if the vote can then
be taken on my proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to inquire of the
Chair what has become of the bill for paying
pension agents? I understood that that was the
first bill in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill first
in order, in the opinion of the Chair, is that which
he just now announced, a bill that was made the
special order for to-day, at one o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. What is that?
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A bill author-
izing the Secretary of the Navy to purchase *
additional ground adjoining certain navy-yards
therein named, and for other purposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the pension agents
bill come up next in order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
second special order for this day, in addition to
the one already named by the Chair.
Mr. BRODHEAD. What is that ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A bill to pro-
vide for the selection of the lands granted by the
act of Congress, approved September 28, 1850,
entitled "An act to enable the State of Arkan-
