1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
669
sas, and other States, to reclaim the swamp lands
within their limits, and for other purposes."
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I must insist on my
motion, and on it I shall ask for the yeas and
Mr. TRUMBULL. I really hope that we may
be permitted to proceed with the business in
order, as it is upon the Calendar. The bill for
paying pension agents is one in which I have felt
an interest, because a gentleman who resides in
the State which I in part represent is concerned
in it. Its importance, however, is not sufficient
to induce the Senate to take it up out of its order.
I am desirous that it shall be disposed of. It has
been considered and made the special order two
or three times. If it is to be postponed from time
•to time for the purpose of taking up other special
orders,! do notknowthat it will be ever reached.
It seems to me that the only way by which we
can do business regularly is to take up the bills
in the order in which they are placed on the Cal-
endar. Then every bill will have its turn. I
hope the motion of the Senator from Louisiana
will not prevail, but that we may be permitted to
go on with the bills as they are on the Calendar.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I must insist on my mo-
tion for the reason that the bill which the Senator
proposes to take up is a bill for the benefit of a
few individuals, while mine is for the benefit of
the whole country. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to state to the Sen-
ate that the House bill which it is now proposed
to pass over, is a bill to provide for purchasing
additional real estate at two navy-yards, Phila-
delphia and Washington, with another provision
in respect to a powder-magazine in California.
The Senate committee have offered an amend-
ment, curtailing its provisions in some respects.
^•1 presume its consideration will not occupy
• ' twenty minutes.
Mr. BIGGS. This is the proper time, I think,
to express my dissent from the practice of
> making so many special orders, and consuming
so much time in determining which shall have
precedence. I think the Senate ought not to
make any bill at all a special order, unless it be
an appropriation bill. We should take up the
general orders on the Calendar, and dispose of
them as they are presented. This, I understand,
is a motion to postpone certain special orders and
take up another special order. We are constantly
engaged in that business, and it takes up a great
deal of time to determine which shall have pri-
ority. The effect is, that some special order
made two weeks in advance, is superseded by
some measure which is popular in the Senate at
the time. My short experience is this body has
convinced mo that we should put down the prac-
tice of making special orders.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to consume
timeon this side-bar motion; but if it be adopted,
I trust that Senators will agree to take up the bill,
to which I have alluded, in some morning hour.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
on the motion of Mr. Benjamin, resulted—yeas
19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Bigler, Brodhead, Dodge, Durliee, Fitch, Geyer, Iveison,
James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, I'ugh, Rusk,
Sebastian, Slidell, Stuart, and Welier—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Butler, Clay, Collamer,
Crittenden, Fessenden, Fi: h. Fitzpatuek, Foot, Foster,
Harlan, Houston, Hunter, Mallory, Mason, Nourse, Iteid,
Seward, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of Nfcw jersey,
Toombs,Trumbull, Wilson, and Yulee—25.
ADDITIONS TO NAVY-YARDS.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first spe-
cial order for to-day is the bill (H. R. No. 567)
authorizing the Secretary of the Navy to purchase
additional ground adjoining certain navy-yards
therein named, and for other purposes.
The Senate proceeded to consider the bill, as in
Committee of the Whole, which proposes to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Navy to contract for
the purchase of additional ground on the south-
erly side of the navy-yard at Philadelphia, and
the west side of the Washington navy-yard, if
in his judgment it be required for the uses of the
yards,' and if it can be had at a fair and reason-
able price. It also authorizes him to contract for
the purchase of land and water front adjoining the
nayy-yard at Boston, if in his judgment it be re-
quired for the uses of the yard, and it can be had
at a fair and reasonable price; and to take meas-
ures for the construction of aship-house(No.48)
at the navy-yard at Norfolk. It also provides
that the salary of the assistant director of the
naval medical laboratory in New York be fixed
at the rite of $1,500 per annum, in lieu of all
other compensation; and that the .Secretary of
the Navy be authorized to construct a magazine
at the navy-yard at San Francisco.
It was .reported from the Committee on Naval
Affairs with an amendment, to strike out the
third section, in these words:
That the Secretary of the Nai% be, and he is hereby,
authorized to contract for the purchase of land and water
front adjoining the navy-yard at Boston, if, in his judgment,
the same be required for the uses of the said yard : pro-
vided, The s;uuc can be had at a fair and reasonable price.,,
And in lieu thereof insert:
That no contract or purchase of the aforesaid lands shall
be made, unless, in the judgment of the Secretary of the
Navy, the same be necessary fur the naval service.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know how
much it is proposed to appropriate by this bill,
and to what expenditure it is to lead. I should
be obliged if the chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee would inform me.
Mr. MALLORY. There was nothing before
the House committee or the Senate committee to
show what the land can be had for, except in
regard to Boston, which the amendment of the
Naval Committee proposes to strike out. That
was the only piece of ground which it was under-
stood informally could be had at a certain price.
The precaution is put in the bill by the House,
that it is only to be bought if it can be had for a
fair and reasonable price. An additional precau-
tion is made by the amendment of the Senate
committee, that it shall be necessary for the naval
service. There is no information before the com-
mittee for what pricc land can be had, except at
the Boston yard.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest that the bill ought
to be recommitted for the purpose of having the
Naval Committee ascertain the probable cost and
necessity for such an addition.
Mr. MALLORY. The necessity can be shown
very readily. That information 'is m the letter
of the Secretary of the Navy before the Senate.
But as to the price for which the land can be had,
there is no information before the committee.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 believe the navy-yard at
Philadelphia is probably less wanted than any
other which has been established. Ships of a
large size, I think, cannot get up there. At any
rate, I should not be disposed to add to the invest-
ment which the Government has already made
there. If we permit those to remain which are
already established, it would be enough for such
a work as this.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend from Virginia
has a singular way of coming to conclusions. I
should like to ask him on what information he
asserts that land at the Philadelphia navy-yard is
less wanted than anywhere else?
Mr. HUNTER. I say the yard is less wanted.
Mr. MALLORY. On the policy of continuing,
the yard at Philadelphia, I have nothing to say;
but the yard is there; it is a fixed fact, and it con-
tains only sixteen acres of land. The Norfolk
yard contains seventy-nine acres: the Pensacola
yard about eighty; the Woolwich yard in Eng-
land, about fifty-five. The yard at Philadelphia
is crowded into a very small space, and there is
not room enough for the ordinary necessities of
the yard. We thought, if the yard was to be
continued there, this land was absolutely neces-
sary, and we propose to empower the Secretary
of the Navy to purchase it if he can get it at a
fair and reasonable price. If the Senate are not
willing to trust the Navy Department with the
purchase on those terms, that is for the Senate to
say.
For the same reason the land is very much
wanted at the Washington navy-yard, and, I
understand, can be had here now at a very low
figure—I think some twenty cents a foot—but we
have no information as to that. We propose to
refer the question whether the land is absolutely
wanted at this time for naval purposes, and the
price also, to the Navy Department.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to ask the com-
mittee why it is they have offered the amendment
which strikes out the proposition to purchase
land for the navy-yard at Boston? I have heard
no reasons why they propose to amend this bill.
which I understand comes from the House of •
Representatives. I do not understand this prop-
osition to enlarge the navy-yards at Philadelphia
and Washington, which are of no consequence
whatever to the country, and, in my judgment,
ought to be abandoned at once, and to refuse to
enlarge the navy-yard at Charlestown, which is
a navy-yard of consequence to the country. It
may be all right. I do not wish the GovsgBBment
to buy a foot of land there if it does noraeed it;
but it seems to me this proposition to amend the
bill by striking out the provision to purchase land
at that navy-yard, which certainly does not con-
tain a great number of acres, and increasing the
size of the navy-yards at Philadelphia and Wash-
ington, which are of very little consequence to the
country, is an extraordinary one to come from
the Committee on Naval Affairs. I should like
to have it explained.
Mr. MALLORY. The reason governing the
committee for proposing to strike out the clause •
in relation to the Bost^i navy-yard is very evi- *
dent. The Boston na(Pyard is already one of
the largest in the world. It is a larger navy-yard
than any Great Britain owns. It contains eighty-
one acres. The Philadelphia navy-yard contains
but sixteen acres. The committee believed from
the information before them, and the maps and
charts which are here for examination, that the
Government owned land enough at Boston al-
ready, and any purchase there, crowded around
with population, must be extremely expensive.
The Secretary of the Navy declined to recom-
mend it, and therefore the commitiee reported
against it. I do not think myself any increase
of the size of the yard there is essential. Land
at Philadelphia is, in the opinion of the commit-
tee, wanted if that yard is to be continued. The
land at Washington is wanted for the oidnanca
department, and may Ijq had at the present time,
it is understood, at a very low rate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the chairman
of the committee hardly states this matter to the
Senate in the manner in which it should be stated.
It is very true that the Boston navy-yard is quite
large. It contains about eighty acres. Itisvery
nearly as large as that at Pensacola, but not so
large as that at New York. The question, I ap-
prehend, is not simply whether it contains land
enough, or water enough, or space enough for
certain purposes, but whether, for the purposes
of the yard, more is necessary? The Senator
from Florida very well knows, if he has examined
the subject—and that is to be presumed—that it
is not with reference to the land that this addition
is wanted. More land is not wanted there, but
more water is wanted; or rather the object is to be
secured in the possession of water enough of suf-
ficient depth to accomplish the purposes of the
yard.
The Secretary of the Navy, although he has
not strongly recommended this addition, has sent
to Congress the report and recommendation of
Commodore Smith, who is at the head of the
Bureau of Yards and Docks, and whose judgment
l certainly should go as far as, and be relied r,n as
j much, as that of any other person connected with
the Navy, or acquainted with the subject. Com-
j rnodore Smith has recommended it in very strong
! terms, and the present commanding officer at
' the navy-yaristhere has also been exceedingly
j urgent in his recommendation of this measure, in
| order to render the property which the Covern-
i ment has there at the present time available. I
i have recently had a conversation with Commo-
Jdore Smith on the subject, and he sent me his,
j'. reasons in writing, which I will briefly state. HP
jlhas no feeling on the subject, of course, other
' than it is proper an officer like him, at the head
of that bureau, should have—to do that which is
necessary for the public serviee. I believe the
opinion of all the officers who are acquainted with
the subject, and are able to judge of it, concurs
precisely with hi3 as to the expediency of making
this purchase. Now, what is it based upon r it
I is based upon the fact that, unless this purchase
be made, in their judgment it is very prooaoie
i that the United States, although in possession of
1 this large property, will, for the sake of saving a
! small additional outlay, be deprived of exceed-
j; ingly important advantages m the yard as it at
' present exists. , .
j As I remarked before, it is not the land they
!; want, but the water; and the only proposition w
