674
THE*CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February'12,
ahaa, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thoringtoji, Thurston,
Todd, Trafton, Trippe, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Wade,
Wakeraan, Walker, Cadvvalader C. Washburne, Eliihu B.
Washbuine, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Watsoir, Welch,
Wheeler, Williams, Winslovv, Wood, Woodruff, Wood-
work, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and ZolUcoffer
—167.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table. x
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. PURVIANCE stated that he voted " ay,"
because he believed that, after the announcement
of the President of the Senate, this House had
no right to take any further cognizance of the
matter.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. JOKES, of Tennessee, moved that the
vote by which the resolution was adopted be re-
considered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
Chair appoint the committee provided for in the
resolution, on the part of the House.
The motion was agreed to; and
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
Jones, of Tennessee, and Florence as such
committee on the pjyt of the House.
The SPEAKER stated that the business next
in order was the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions on the contested seat fr^m Kansas; the pend-
ing question being on a motion to lay the report
upon the table, upon which the House had or-
dered the yeas and nays to be taken.
Mr. DUNN. I rise to a question of privilege.
I would inquire of the Chair whether it is not in
order to offer another resolution in regard to the
election of President?
The SPEAKER. It is impossible for the Chair
to decide without knowing what the resolution is.
Mr. DUNN. I send it up, that it maybe read
for information.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. W HEELER. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. DUNN. I understand that this is a priv-
ileged question, and the House ought to dispose
of it definitely and finally.
The SPEAKER. The resolution is proposed
as a question of privilege, and it will be read for
information.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That in accordance with the requirements of
the laws relating thereto, Congress lining m session on the
11th day of Febtuary, A. I), lb.')?, being the second Wcd-
nesdaypf said month, the President ot the Senate, m the
presence of the Senate and House of Representatives, a?--
iMembled in the Hall of the FIou-?e of ltcpiesentatives, did
" open all the cemficates of the election loi President and
Vico President of the United States, and counted the votes
given therefor, whereby it w?s ascertained that James
Buchanan, of the State of Pennsylvania, had been duly
and legally elected President of the United ?tates> for the
term prescribed by the Constitution and laws, to commence
on the 4th day of March next; and, m like manner, it \va«
ascertained that John C. Breckinridge, ot the folate of
Kentucky, had been duly elected Vice President of the
United States for the like term, to commenc also on the
said 4th day of March next.
Resolved, That it appealing that the vote of the State of
Wisconsin having boon at tempted to be cast by the electors
of that State on the 4th day of December, A. D. 1850, in-
stead of the 3d day of that month, as pieacnbpd by law,
therefore the vote of «aid rftate couid not be counted lor
President and Vice Pie^ident without a vi datum of the
second paragraph of the fii^t section of the second article
of the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. DUNN. I ask for the reading of the sec-
ond. paragraph of the first section of the second
article of the Constitution,
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object to the introduc-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tionof order. This question having been disposed
of, so far as this House is concerned, no question
of privilege can arise in reference to it.
Ihe SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the resolution cannot be received. It appears by
the Journal, accepted by the House, that a dec-
laration of the election of a President and Vice
President has been made in the presence of the
House. If the resolution of the gentleman from
Indiana, reaffirming the fact that an election has
been made, be received, a resolution would be
received disaffirming the fact that an election has
been made. The Chair thinks the resolution
cannot be received without general consent.
Mr. DUNN. I would make this single sug-
gestion. According to the Journal it is left uncer-
tain whether the vote of Wisconsin is counted or
not.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object to the
resolution.
Mr. DUNN. These resolutions are intended
to declare that a declaration of election in fact
took place, as the Journal rccites; and in addition
declares the further fact, that the vote of Wiscon-
sin cannot be constitutionally counted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution can be introduced only by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I move to correct the Journal, so as to
show that during the session of the joint conven-
tion of yesterday the gentleman from South Car-
olina [Mr, Orr] moved to reject the vote of Wis-
consin; further, that the Presiding Officer ruled it
out of order; further, that the gentleman from South
Carolina took an appeal from the decision of the
Chair, and that the President of the Senate ruled
the appeal out of order. I ask to have the Jour-
nal further corrected, so as to show that during
the time the two Houses' were together, the Sen-
ate, on a motion of the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull,] retired for consultation, and that in
that mode the joint convention of the two Houses
was dissolved.
The SPEAKER. Tho Journal of the House
has been read, and approved by the House.
Mr. STANTON. I submit that there can be
no approval when there was no motion of ap-
proval.
The SPEAKER. There has been no motion
to approve the Journal; but it is assumed, no
question being made. That is the established
rule in reference to the reading of the Journal.
Mr. STANTON. Is it assumed that, if the
motion to correct the Journal be not made in-
stantly on the close of the reading, the Journal is
approved
The SPEAKER. That has been the uniform
practice of the House as regards the Journal.
The Chair assumes, instead of stating the ques-
tion to the House, that the Journal is approved
by the House, unless some question be raised.
Mr. STANTON. That is certainly all correct;
but suppose a gentleman cannot get the floor to
make a motion to correct: suppose there be an-
other privileged question pending 
The SPEAKER. No privileged question can
arise between the reading of the Journal and its
approval by the House. It is a question above
all other questions.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object, and call
for the regular order of business.
Mr.STANTON. Is theapprovaloftheJournal
treated as a vote of the House, and if so, is it not
subject to reconsideration ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is sub-
ject to reconsideration.
Air. STANTON. Then I move to reconsider
the approval of the Journal.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. The Chair was right
originally. There is but one time to consider the
question of the approval of the Journal, and that
is when it is read. When that point is passed,
it cannot be reached unless by general consent of
the House.
The SPEAKER. It is the established practice
in all deliberative assemblies, that when the jour-
nal is read it is considered as approved unless
a question be raised. There has been no vote
taken; and the rule relating to reconsideration
requires that a vote be taken.
Mr. STANTON, Then, does the Speaker
hold, that unless a motion be made instantly on
the reading—when perhaps a gentleman cannot
make it—there is no possibility qjgiorrceting the
Journal by reconsideration or otherwise ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. If other business has been
done you lose your chance, of course.
The SPEAKER. It is an assumed vote. It
is doubtful whether the gentleman loses a right,
under the rules of the House, to bring the matter
before the House again by a motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I take it that it is exactly
like the case of the Chair announcing that a vote
is carried. Any man may raise a question, and
call for a division; but if the announcement is
acquiesccd in, and the House goes to other busi-
ness, it cannot come back. After the Journal ia
read, a motion to amend takes precedence of
everything else; but when we go on to other busi-
ness, we cannot go back to the Journal.
The SPEAKER. This is a case like that
spoken of by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina; but there is a further question in this case,
whether a member has n\t the ri^htto reconsider
it ? The approval of the Journal is a constructive
vote.
Mr. STANTON. Then I insist on the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. There is a way
by which the Journal can be amended. That is,
by a regular motion to amend the Journal; and
that is to be made as every other motion that
comes before the House. As to reconsidering
the approval of the Journal, such a thing has not
been known in the House.
Mr. STANTON. It certainly is a matter of
some consequence that the history of yesterday's
proceedings should go on the Journal correctly.
It certainly ought to be known hereafter what
in fact was done, and let its effects be judged
of by it. Whatever was done, whatever was
decided, and however the thing is disposed of, is
a matter which certainly ought to be entered on
the Journal, and approved. It will not occupy
much of the time of the House to correct the
Journal.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. I rise to a question
of order. Do I understand the Chair as enter-
taining a motion to reconsider the vote by which
the House approved the Journal?
The SPEAKER. It has not been so stated.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Then, on what point
is the gentleman from Ohio addressing the Chair ?
Mr. STANTON. On the motion to reconsider,
as the gentleman from Ohio supposed.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Then I submit, as a
point of order, that that motion is not in order.
No motion to reconsider a constructive vote of
the House is in order. You can only reconsider
a vote that has been taken. I think it important
that this question should be disposed of; and if
the motion be entertained, f propose to take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair, in order
that it may be decided by the House. I think the
difficulty can be reacheu in a different way—in
the usual way. I suggest to the Chair, with the
permission of the gentleman from Ohio, that the
ruling of the Chair at the commencement of this
matter was correct. The proper time to object to
the Journal is when it is read. Afterwards it is
in order to move to amend the Journal; but that
is not a privileged question, and you must get in
your motion just as any other motion is brought
to the consideration of the House—by general
consent or by a suspension of the rules. The
House having determined that it shall not suspend
the rules on this day, the motion can only be en-
tertained by general consent. A motion to amend
the Journal is not excluded; but it is not a priv-
ileged question. That is the point I make. I
think the Chair ruled very correctly. But I trust
that we will not get into the habit of moving, at
any time during the day, to reconsider a vote,
never taken, approving the Journal. With your
experience in the chair, sir, you will readily per-
ceive how often the House will be led into em-
barrassments by entertaining such propositions.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman from
Georgia answer an inquiry?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Certainly.
Mr. STANTON. Will he tell me what is the
difference between a correction of the Journal
and an amendment of the Journal ?
Mr. COBB, of Gcorg ia. None whatever. I
am only speaking of the time. The gentleman ia
entitled to move his amendment when the Journal
is read. Failing to do so, the House has approved
if. Afterwards he has the same right to move to
amend the Journal, but his motion is not a priv-
ileged question. If to-day you could suspend the
rules, you might move to suspend them for the
purpose of amending the Journal, or the motion
can bo entertained by unanimous consent. The
only point I make is, that this is not a privileged
question, as the House has passed on from the
approval of the Journal to the ordinary business
of the House. That has been the practice of the
House a!! the time, as far as I understand it.
Mr. STANTON. If I understand the gentle-
man's pointit is, that this motion loses its dignity
