678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
boy. The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and th^ report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of William W. ;
Spencer, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
for his relief. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John Rooney, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
George Colvin, submitted an adverse report;
which was ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, gave notice of his
intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to secure
to all the States an equal and just participation in
the benefits of the public domain, by the distri-
bution of an amount in money, derived from the
sales of the public lands, to each of the States, ac-
cording to their respective population, which have
received no grants of land to aid in the construc-
tion of railroads, or grants of a less quantity than
their ratable proportion, equivalent to the value
of the lands granted to the State which has here-
tofore received tiie largest grant of lands, esti-
mating the value of such granted lands at $1 25
per acre.
POST OFFICE BOX RENTS.
Mr. WILSON submitted the followingresolu-
tions for consideration:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be instructed to .
furnish the Senate, at as earJy a day as piacticable, with a
list of the post offices where the compensation of the post-
masters amounts to the sura of $2,000: also, with the
amount of box rents collected at those post offices respect-
ively, and by virtue of what authority the same is col-
lected.
Resolved further, That he be requested to furnish the
Senate with copies of any instructions issued by the Post
Office Department, authoiizing or sanctioning postmasters
in refusing to deliver letters to parties entitled to the same,
with a view to compel them to pay box rent, and particu-
larly with copies of the following named letters: a letter
from the First Assistant Postmaster General, under date of
August 16,1855. addressed to the postmaster at San Fran-
cisco; a letter from the same officer, and under the same
date, addressed to Henry L. Goudwin, of San Franciscc ;
also, tlMjetters to which the above named communications
were Jtmply.
CRIMEAN COMMISSION. .
Mr. WELLER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate copies of all reports which may
have been made to the Department by the officers who
were sent to the seat of war in Europe in 16.35 and 1856.
MILITARY ACADEMY BILL.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses to the bill (H. R. No. 58!) making
appropriations for the support of the Military
Academy for the year ending June 30, 1858. ;
Mr. HUNTER. The amendments are those
in which the Committee on Military Affairs feel
some interest; and I therefore move that the Sen-
ate insist, and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Stu-
art, Jones of Tennessee, and Johnson, wereap-
pointed a committee on the part of the Senate.
A message from the House of Representatives
announced that that House agreed to the confer-
ence, and appointed as managers on their part,
Mr. Campbell of Ohio, Mr. Clingman of North
Carolina, and Mr. De Witt of Massachusetts. :
Mr. STUART'subsequently reported that tlie i
committee of conference recommend that the Sen- i
ate concur in the amendment of the House of j
Representatives to the first Senate amendment, I
and that the House of Representatives concur in i
the second amendment of the Senate.
Mr. WELijlili,. Will the Senator explain
those two amendments?
Mr. STUART. I can state in a word. The
committee recommend that the Senate agree to
the House amendment striking out the provision
for the Assistant Professor of French, and the
House agree to the amendment which increases
the salary of the Master of the Sword.
The report was agreed to.
DEAF AND DUMB ASYLUM.
Mr. ALLEN". I am directed by the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 806) to incorporate
the Columbian Institution for the instruction of
the Deaf, Dumb, and Blind, to report in favor of
its passage. It is a short bill, containing two or
three sections, and I ask the Senate now to take
it into consideration. It makes no appropria-
tion.
There beingno objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. HUNTER. I offered a resolution which
was the unfinished business yesterday, in regard
to the time of meeting, which I should like to
have taken up. I amend it so as to take effect
from and after Monday next.
Mr. STUART. I apprehend it cannot come
up until one o'clock. It is the business on which
the Senate adjourned yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It may be
called up at any time.
Mr. HUNTER. If there is any objection of
that sort, I move to dispense with all prior orders
to take up that resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion, as modified, will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Ordered, That from and after Monday next, foi the resi-
due ofthe present session, the daily hour of meeting of the
Senate shall be eleven o'clock, unless otherwise ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion is now before the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I shall not undertake to con-
sume time in debating that resolution. I can only
speak for myself, that there is not a single day
in the week when I am not engaged, and I pre-
sume it is true of other Senators, from ten o'clock
in the morning until twelve o'clock, busily, in
committee business that has to be acted on at this
session—not that which is useless, but what has
to be acted on at this session. So long as that is
the case, it seems to me that a proposition to
change the hour of meeting would hardly be val-
uable; and for the purpose of testing the sense of
the Senate on the question, I move to lay the res-
olution on the table, and ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, lirodhead, Clay, Durkee, Foot;
Foster, Giecn, Iveroon, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory,
Mason, Pugh, Sebastian, Seward, Shdoll, Stuait, Thomp-
son ol Kentucky, Wilson, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell ofTennessee, Biggs, Bigler,
Oollamer, Crittenden, Dodge, Evans, Fesbendcn, Fish,
Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Geyer, Hunter, James, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Nouise, Peurce, Reid, Rusk, Toucey, Trumbull,
Wade, and Weller—24.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I see that the vote on the
proposition to lay on the table is a somewhat
close one. I can appreciate the anxiety which
the chairman of the Committee on Finance lias
to get along with the public business, but I call
attention to the fact that the^e is not now a single
appropriation bill pending in this body. The
Senators are all aware that not a single appropri-
tion bill has come to us from the other House
which has not been disposed of.
There is scarcely ever a quorum here even at
twelve o'clock. If wc change thtffeour of meet-
ing to eleven o'clock there will be wtjuorum, and
those who are more punctual than a majority of
the body will have to sit here with very little
effect. I am of the impression, that if members
would reflcct for a moment, they would see that
there are very few who would not prefer to set
until five orsix o'clock in the evening than to come
here at eleven o'clock in the morning, considering
that coming here at eleven o'clock in the morning
involves the necessity of meeting at a much ear-
lier hour for the transaction of business still be-
fore the committees; and there is certainly alarge
of business before the several committees.
I hope we shall not be hufried into this step. The
last week of the session, 1 think, will be early
enough for this order. It may then be well, as
the business still depending before committees,
except that which relates to the general appropri-
ation bills, will have little hope to be transacted,
and the meeting of the committees can be dis-
pensed with generally from that time. I do not
know that it has been usual to commence meeting
so early as the hour of eleven o'clock before the
last week of the session. I do not believe the
amount of business before this body now, is by
any means so great as it usually is at the close of
a Congress. My own impression is, that the
business of this body has been transacted with
more rapidity, and that there is left on the Calen-
dar less of a material and important character than
is usual.
I very much hope that the Senate will not com-
pel us to come here at eleven o'clock, knowing
that we shall have to transact the committee busi-
ness at an earlier hour than that. If it be neces-
sary that more time should be consumed inside
this Hall each day, it may be done by continuing
the sessions to a later hour.
Mr. "WELLER. I must express my hope that
the resolution will be adopted. There are a vast
number of very important bills now pending be-
fore the Senate besides general appropriation bills.
There are three bills reported from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, for which I am very anx-
ious to obtain the consideration of the Senate. I
mean, first, the House bill increasing the pay of
the officers of the Army; secondly, the bill pro-
viding for a retired list in the Army; and then
there is a joint resolution in regard to the pay of
the lieutenant general. All these measures are
of importance, two of them of a general character,
and I am very anxious to obtain the action of the
Senate upon them very early in the next week.
It will be utterly impossible, in my opinion, to
dispatch the public business unless we meet next
week at an earlier hour. It is true, I am con-
stantly engaged, as is the Senator from Michigan,
every morning, for it is very rarely the case that
I am allowed to come to the Senate until I have
been to two or three of the Departments of the
Government; but I am willing to meet at eleven
o'clock, in order to dispatch the important busi-
ness now pending. I hope we shall dispose of
this order without consuming time in debate.
The order was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 21, noes 19.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. BRODHEAD. This is the day appointed
for the consideration of the Private Calendar,
under the rule of the Senate. I rise to make this
suggestion1 that we take up the Private Calen-
dar, and consider only such bills as do not give
rise to debate, or are not objected to. I hope the
suggestion will be acquiesced in. It is the prac-
tice in the House of Representatives, and we
ought to resort to it at any rate one day in the
month. If we do not adopt this course to-day,
I very much fear that there will be a large num-
ber of private bills on the Calendar from the
House of Representatives, as well as Senate bills,
to which there is no objection, that will not be
considered at this session.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust that the suggestion
of the Senator from Pennsylvania will not be
adopted. I will give this to him as a reason for
delaying the suggestion. A private bill, that
came-before the Senate a few days ago, was laid
aside at my suggestion. I am favorable to the
' bill, and hope it will pass; but if it comes up this
j morning, it will be rclaid aside if that suggestion
j be adopted, and that will be defeating it for the
! session, and I may have been instrumental in
! delaying it. Another reason is, that the adoption
| of the suggestion will put it in the power of a sin-
gle Senator to prevent the passage of a private
bill by an objection. Very few of the private
bills will lead to much debate; but I think we had
better take up each one, and give it a fair show.
Mr. ADAMS. I would only add a single sug-
gestion for the consideration ofthe Senator from
Florida, in addition to what has already been said
by the Senator from Pennsylvania. He proposes
taking up the Private Calendar, and passing such
bills as are not objected to. This may be done
perhaps in an hour, or two hours at most. Then
I suggest that, by common consent, we begin the
