680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
opinion, but they say that, prima facie, he has it
by showing that he performed the service. In
other words, that showing that he performed the
service throws the burden of proof on the other
side, to show that he is not entitled to payment;
and in this case the showing oil the other side is
not sufficient,
What is the result of this doctrine ? That the
Government is bound to show that he did not
perform this service in fact—not that he did not
have an acting appointment; not that he could not
perform the service without an acting appoint-
ment; that, they say, will not do, because the
provision in the appropriation bill of March 3,
1835, overrides everything of that kind. Here is
that provision:
" Officers temporarily performing the duties belonging to
those of higher grade shall receive the conipeiisxitiun al-
lowed to such higher grade while actually so employed."
Does anybody suppose that Congress, in pass-
ing that law, had no reference whatever to the
regulations of the President, and the Secretary
of the Navy, governing that Department? I ask,
sir, when Congress makes an appropriation of
this sort, providing that an officer performing the
service of a grade higher than his actual rank
shall receive the higher pay during- the time lie
actually serves, is it supposed they have no refer-
ence whatever to the regulations of the Depart-
ment? Immediately 011 the passage of this law,
it appears that the Secretary of the Navy com-
municated to the Treasury Department what were
the regulations and views of the Navy Depart-
ment, saying that no more than a complement of
officers must be paid. The regulations of the
accounting officers are based 011 that, and yet the
court, in this case, decide that these regulations
fall before this simple language in this act of
Congress. They say they are'not law.
What is the consequence of such a decision as
this ? What is the consequence to the service of
the country in the Army and in the Navy ? It
is only for some officer to assume a command,
and show that he actually performed its duties,
and demand the pay; and yet the court say, in
the very same opinion, that this sort of assump-
tion will not answer. Commodore Read does
not say that he appointed this man captain at all.
He does not say that he had any authority to act
as a captain from him or anybody else; but he
gives 0very peculiar certificate that Magruder
stood in the relation of a captain to him, he him-
self being a captain at the time, and, I think, on
board the same ship, though I will not speak
positively about that. The certificate is, that he
stood in the relation of a captain to him, and
performed the duties of a captain.
flow does this opinion stand as compared with
the facts of the case? The court say they re-
viewed this case since receiving the letter from
the Treasury Department, which states the facts
that 1 have referred to—that the proposition to
have another captain was refused by Captain
Read himself when this expedition was fitted out.
Now, I ask, what will become of the Treasury
of this country if it is permitted that an officer in
command, in either the Army or the Navy, shall
receive the pay of a command" without an appoint-
ment to it? I ask, in the first place, is there any
such thing known to military rule ? I concede
that when the commanding officer dies on the field
of battle, or on board of ship, there being nobody
to give an appointment, the next in command
assumes it necessarily. But while the officer is
on the ground, who has authority—I ask if there
is anything in military rule that will permit any-
body to assume it, or do the duties of it without
an order or appointment'
It seems to me that an inspection of the letter
of the Treasury Department will show the dan-
ger of the doctrine laid down by the court in this
case. It sets at naught the action of the Presi-
dent and Secretary of the Navy, declares it to
have been invalid, and to have fallen before this
simple provision m an appropriation bill in 1835
I he result is to give any man pay who actually
performes the services of a higher trade, unites
you can show that he did not perform them in
fact._ That it seems to me is the ground of this
opinion; for the court say that, primafacie, he is
entitled, and if you show, as was shown in this
case, that the regulation required an acting ap-
pointment, they say the regulations are good for
nothing. The only resort of the Government
! then is to show that he did not in fi^t perform
! those duties. This is in the face of the fact
! which appears in this very case, that the offer of
j just such a command was tendered by the Navy
1 Department and refused by Captain Read. As "I
j think that principle cannot prevail, I move the
| indefinite postponement of the bill,
j Mr. MALLORY. I think I can show the
[ Senate and my friend from Michigan, that he
| does not quite comprehend the true facts involved
1 in this case, and (hat the argument has not been
j fairly presented by him—of course not designedly
; so. I regard it as a very simple case. He started
| with the objection that the gentleman signing him-
: self, Commodore Read, was not-a commodore.
J lie knows, on a little reflection, that the title of
! commodore is one of courtesy only, given to a
| captain when in command of a squadron; and he
; saw, from the papers, that Captain Read was the
1 commander-in-chief of the East India squadron,
1 and the frigate Columbia was the flag-ship of that
! squadron; and he was entitled, therefore, by the
courtesy of the service, though there was no writ-
ten regulation about it, to the title of commodore,
> and was so addressed in all official communica-
j tions. According to the immemorial usage of the
[ Navy Department, there is, in addition to the
j commander-in-chief of a squadron, a captain of the
! same grade, for there is but one grade of captains,
| assigned to a (lag-ship, and he is denominated, in
i Use language of the Navy Department, the flag
j fiiptain, through whom the orders are delivered
; to the fleet. He is the captain of the ship, and
tho commodore is the captain of the squadron.
There is no violation of any rule or regulation,
departmental or otherwise, appointing n captain,
ii' one had been appointed, to the Columbia. In i
proof of it I may refer to the fact that the Secre-
tary of the Navy proffered a captain to the Co-
lumbia, as was justly observed by the Senator
from Michigan, which proffer Commodore Read
declined. 1
It may be necessary to explain why he declined
that. The evidence is not before me, but it is j
patent to me 011 the surface. Officers of the high- !
est grade in the Navy thus associating together j
in command rarely get along smoothly; and com- '
mon sense has dictated to them the propriety of i
severing as much as possible. Up to the aiffi-
culty between Captain Aulick and Captain Inman,
the rule prevailed that a captain should be as-
signed to a squadron to command the ship, while
a captain also commanded the fleet. But since
that difficulty, the Navy Department has altered
the rule and regulation, and now, commanders
! are appointed as flag captains, 111 order that two i
men of the same giade may not be ihu.s associated :
together—decreasing the probability of bickering !
and quarreling. Captain Read, probably for this |
reason—I do notltnow it, but it seems to me that I
could have been the only one—declined to take a
captain, and the commander of the vessel asked
to be relieved from it because they declined to
appoint him 'captain. Mr. Magruder, the first
lieutenant, was appointed.
Under these ciicumstances he went to sea.
There was 110 fleet captain, though the comple-
ment of the vessel entitled her to one. As the
papers show-—as Commodore Read's own certifi-
cate among the papers shows, in the East Indies,
during the difficulties which then prevailed in
China, he was compelled, as commandel^iri-chief,
to be on shore, and he was compelled to delegate
his authority to some person on board. Fie had
the authority, and he called upon Commander j
Magruder to act as captain. He certifies that he |
stood in the relation to him as captain, and that
certificate is correct, for he did not act under an
appointment, and in no other language could he ]
clothe the certificate. It was out of the power of
Commander Magruder to decline acting. He is
obliged to obey the last order received^ without !
questioning the right of Captain Read to make ,
the appointment. j
The law, as it existed at that time, was precisely 1
as has been read by the Senator from Michigan, !
in these terms: a I
_ " That officers temporarily performing tlie duties belong- i
mg to those of a higher grade, shall leceive tlie eompensa-
tion allowed to such higher giade, while actually .so em-
ployed." '
That was the law. Under that law Mr. Magru-
der performed the duties of captain. He brings
himself clearly within the law; and any proof
which is satisfactory to the Department that ho
did perform that service, complies with the law.
The law does not prescribe how this shall he
proved. It does not require an acting appoint-
ment. If itdid, there would have been no neces-
sity for the subsequent act of 1842, which was
amendatory of the act of 1835, and did require that
all appointments of this kind shall be under the
written order of the commander-in-chief of the
squadron or the Secretary of the Navy. That
necessity did not exist before, or the Jaw of 1842
would not have remedied it. It was to remedy that
defect that the law of 1849 was passed. Under
the act of 1835, which gave pay to the man who
performed the duty, without regard to the proof
or the peculiar character of the proof, Mr. Ma-
gruder did perform this service.
If the matter stood.here, the objection of the
Senator from Michigan would never have been
made; but, it is based on the fact that the Fourth
Auditor objects to the payment of this money
because the proof of service was not made in
strict compliance with the departmental regula-
tion. What was that regulation? Here, I will
observe, that if you suffer departmental officers
toniake regulations of this kind, your legislation
will have to be in subordination to them. Yon
will have at every Congress to alter your legisla-
tion to suit their departmental regulations. That
regulation was not one of the Navy Department
to govern its officers, and to prescribe the manner
in which they should receive appointments; but
it was a regulation of the Treasury officer who
pays out the money, to regulate the manner of
paying it out, and prescribe the proof only upon
which he wi 1 pay the money. It was not a naval
regulation at all. The regulation was, that when
an ofijeer who has performed this duty, under the
law of 1S35, comes for pay, he shall not have it
unless he can show that he holds a written ap-
pointment from the commander-in-chief. This
is the regulation:
" To nuthonze payments to actinc officei* fas such) there
must be an acting appointment ufdue form, corroborated
by un entry on the pay and mu.-tcr rolls, and abn a certifi-
cate, to be filed with the accounts, ttom tho commandinsf
officer, stating that theofficei acting lias actually performed
the duties of the higher grade (naming it) loi the time
claimed, and that there was not more than a complement
of that grade on board, including the acting officer, during
the ume he was acting." °
That is not a mere regulation; it is legislation;
it is superadding to the performance of the duty
the presentation of a peculiar mode of proof not
prescribed by the Navy Department, but by the
, accounting officers of the Treasury. If you
; recognize their light to prescribe this regulation,
and this mode of proof, why not allow them to
■ prescribe also that the order must be witnessed
! by two subscribing witnesses, or half a dozen,
! or add anything else they please ? It has been
| regarded by the Court of Claims es not a mere
| regulation of proof, but as legislation. It throws
j upon the officer performing the duty a difficulty
| m collecting the money which the act of 1835 di'd
i not contemplate.
My friend from Michigan says, that when the
law of 1835 was passed,"it must be presumed to
iiaye been passed with reference to existing regu-
lations. So it was, and no regulation dicf exist
inconsistent with the ground I have taken. The
regulation I have road was made subsequent to
the act, not for the purpose of regulating the pr i--
formance of duty, but in order to\iid the account-
ing officers in getting the money out of the
Treasury.
The ground taken by the Fourth Auditor, in
his refusal to pay this money, is a very strange
one. He pays a portion of it under the same per-
formance of duty. He undertakes, on his own
responsibility, to discriminate, and pays for that
portion of the seivice which he alleges was per-
formed during the absence of Commodore Read
on shore. Why does he do that? Magruder had
no acting appointment then. If it was invalid in
one case, it was in both. Why has the Treasury
officer the right to discriminate? He does not re-
fuse to pay the money on the ground that the
duties were not performed. He concedes that
they were performed, and he does pay a portion
of the money, because part of the service was
performed while the commander of the squadion
was on shore, and refused to pay the other por-
tion, because he had not an acting appointment,
which the law never required.
