682
the congressional globe.
February IS,
Mr. WELLER. It was decided by the Senate
to be a private bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When?
Mr. WELLER. Last Congress, I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to the consider-
ation of this bill. It certainly is not a private
bill, and it will lead to very great debate.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that heretofore it
has been considered as a private bill. It has
taken its place on the Private Calendar, and has
been taken up.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was decided last week
that a bill granting extra pay to the Missouri
volunteers was not a private bill.
Mr. STUART. I think the decisions have
been uniform in both Houses of Congress. I
know, when I was in the House of Representa-
tives, on just such a bill as this, for refunding
money to States, the question was raised, and it
was declared to be a private bill. It has been so
decided in the Senate since I have been here,
and I do not know of any ruling the other way.
The bill to which the Senator referred was a
general bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; it was a particular
claim.
Mr. STUART. Butitwasgeneralinonesense.
This is the claim of a State, instead of the claim
of an individual, and I think the decisions have
been uniform.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will rule that it is a private bill, subject to the
sense of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not appeal from
the decision of the Chair, but it is manifest that
if this bill be taken up we can consider no other
private bill to-day. 1 move that the further con-
sideration of it be postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. ERODHEAD. If it is not the desire of
the Senate to dispose of the bill at this time, I
have no objection to postponing it. I am quite
willing it should be passed over, if such is the
wish of the Senate, for I am opposed to it. I
will therefore yield the floor for the purpose of
receiving; the motion to postpone.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make that motion, and
I make it simply on this ground: I do not say
what opinion t have on the bill itself, but I deem
it highly proper that wc should, if'possible, go
on with the Calendar, and consider such bills only
as willrecommend themselves to the Senate with-
out derate. We are nearly at the close of the
session, and a bill of this character will occupy
the whole day.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will not be post-
poned. I do not think it would be just to the per-
sons claiming under this bill to postpone it. The
bill has taken its course, according to the ruling
of thd Senate heretofore, it having been consid-
ered as a private bill. The Senate refused this
morning to take up only those bills to which no
objection would be made. If that had been done
I should not complain, but they took up a bill in
which an individual is concerned, and after the
debate of an hour, they now refuse to take up a
bill in which two States have an interest. I do
not know how much debate it may give rise to—
probably not a great deal—but certainly there is
as much justice in considering the claims of these
States as of any individual, and the time assigned
for the consideration of such claims, by the rules
of the Senate, is private bill day.
The motion to postpone the bill was not agreed
to.
  Mr. BRODHEAD. The claim for §120,000 on
the part of Virginia, which the State of Virginia,
by an act of the Legislature of that State, trans-
ferred to Hie Orange and Alexandria Railroad
Company, and the claim of $72,000 on the part
of Maryland, have been long pending before Con-
gress. I made an adverse report on the 30th of
January, 1852, which rccites all the facts, and the
conclusions against the claims to which the Com-
mittee on Claims arrived.
Shortly after the adoption of the Constitution,
it became a great question in this country at what
particular place, and in what particular State, the
seat of the Federal Government should be loca'ted.
It became a contest. Congress then held its ses-
sions in Philadelphia, and proceeded to fix a site
for the location of the Federal Government.
Germantown was agreed upon by both Houses;
and the bill fixing upon Germantown as the place
w#nt over from the first to the second session of
a Congress, with an amendment to the bill relating
to the jurisdiction over the soil. At the next ses-
sion it came up. Several of the States had offered
to transfer the right of soil, and to make dona-
tions; among the rest, Virginia and Maryland.
At that time, the Federal Government was very
poor; there were no funds in the Treasury. It
became an object to get money for the purpose of
erecting the public buildings. Hence, the State of
Maryland and the State of Virginia offered to ad-
vance the money, provided Congress would agree
upon a southern location for the Capitol. About
this time the great question of funding the State
debts was brought forward. The eastern States
were debtor States. They had contracted large
debts as States to carry on the war of the Revo-
lution. Alexander Hamilton, and others, brought
forward the scheme to fund these debts; but the
southern States, and especially Virginia, which
was a creditor State, and had paid her debts during
the Revolution, and was willing to pay them her-
self, objected strenuously to this proposition of
Alexander Hamilton and the eastern States.
These two questions came up together, and the
first compromise that is to be found on the records
of this Government was made at that time. Upon
that occasion secession and dissolution were first
mentioned. They came to a compromise. Some
of the southern gentlemen changed their votes and
agreed to the funding system; and some of the
eastern gentlemen gave up their objections to a
southern location for the capital, and both bills
were passed—a southern location was obtained,
and the funding system adopted.
Before I conclude, I shall read the testimony of
Mr. Jefferson on this point. He states that the
members of Congress were in such ill temper
with each other, that they could do no business
for at least three days. Mr. Jefferson and several
others talked the matter over at a dinner party,
and came to the conclusion that it would not do
to sever this Confederacy at so early a day, but
that it ought to be tried. So they came to a
compromise on this subject, and the compromise
was what I have just stated. The law passed by
Virginia on this subject, reads as follows:
" Resolved by the General Assembly of Virginia, That a
copy of the foregoing act of the 3d December, i'^9. be
transmitted to the General Assembly of Maryland without
delay; and that it he proposed to said Assembly to unite
with this Legislature in an application to Congress*, thai
m case Congress shall deem it expedient to establish the
permanent seat of the Government of the United States on
the banks of the Potomac, so as to include the cession of
either State, or a part of the cession of both States, this
Assembly shall pass an act for advancing a aura of money,
not exceedma one hundred and twenty thousand dollars, to
the use of the General Government, to he applied in such
manner as Congress shall direct, towards electing public
buildings-; the *aid Assembly of M.irvlaud, on their p.-ul,
advancing a t-um not less than two fifth'? of the sum ad-
vanced by this State for the like purpose."
You will observe,Mr. President, thatitis made
on two conditions—that it shnll be deemed ex-
pedient by Congress " to establish the permanent
seat of the Government of the United States on
the banks of the Potomac."
Mr. ADAMS. Is the word {{ advance ?"
Mr. BRODHEAD. Yes, sir; " this Assembly
will pass an act for advancing a sum of money.'3
You will perceive, Mr. President, that it is on
condition Congress shall deem it expedient to
establish this location for the scat of the Federal
Government that the State of Virginia agrees to
advance this sum. The consideration on which
the sum of $120,000 was advanced, has been ex-
ecuted. Virginia has received the consideration,
because she has the Federal Government located
within her territorial limits. The history of the
legislation upon this subject I have recited in the
report to which I have alluded. That report states
five decisive objections to the bill. They are:
" 1. No time or manner of repayment is provided for.
"2. The Piesident of the United States had no author-
ity to borrow money or contract for a loan. He was only
authorized to accept grants of money.
'•'3. The otter of Vuginia of the said sum is conditional,
piovided the seat of Government was located near or with-
in her territorial limits; and it was made after Pennsylva-
nia and Baltimore had offeied donations oi gifts, and when
there was a suong probability tnat Germantown would be
agreed upon a-i the site. There is no reason to infer that
Virginia would have advanced that or any other sum, if the
seat of Government had remained at Philadelphia, or had
been located at Germantown.
u4. General Washington calls it a c grant'when draw-
ing his order on Virginia, and a 4 gift'when drawing on
Maryland. The law of Maryland was the same as Virginia.
Jefferson calls it at the time a 'gift' in one letter, and a
1 donation" in another. The commissioners and others,
when communicating with the authorities of Virginia, called
it a i donation.' It is designated as a'donation'on their
books. Mi. Kandolpii, then Seerctiuy ot [State, called it a
• donation.'
'• f>. Then? is a presumption against the legal right to de-
mand the said sum, atising fiom the lapse ot time.
"It has been uigcd that the particulai phraseology used
in the original proposition of Virginia, contained in the act
of 10th December, 1789, implies an obligation upon the part
of the United States to refund the money received. The
words are,c Virginia will pass an act for advancing a sum
of money not exceeding one hundred and twenty thousand
dollars, to the use of the General Government,' &c. The
wordk advance' to the use of another, does not always create
an obligation to repay such advance ; but, in this instance,
the word must be considered m connection with the other
words used m the same connection, < to be applied, in such
manner as Congiessmay dnect. towards tretting public build•
ins:s5 in a particular place. The money advanced was so
applied, and the trust executed."
It seems to me that these are conclusive objec-
tions to the payment of $120,000 to the State of
Virginia, and $72,000 to the State of Maryland.
The history connected with this early legislation,
and the debate which took place upon the prop-
osition to fix the seat of the Federal Government
at this place, are exceedingly interesting. I will
read what Mr. Jefferson said about it. In his
memoirs and correspondence (vol. 4, pp. 448-9)
he said:
" The great and trying question, (the assumption of the
State debts,) however, was lost in the House of Represent-
atives. So high were the feuds excited by this subject that,
on its rejection, business was suspended. Congress met and
adjourned from day to day without doing anything, paines
being too much out of temper to do business together.
The eastern members particularly, who, with Smith from
South Caiohua, were the principal gamblers in these
scenes, tln-oatened and dissolution. Hamilton was
in despair. A> I was going to the President's one dav, I met
him m the street. He walked me backwards and forwards
before the President's door foi half an hour. JIo painted
pathetically the temper into which the Legislature had
been wioueht; the disgust of those vsho were culled the
creditor States; the danger of the secession of their mem-
bers, and the supination of the States. Ho observed that
I he membeis of the Administration ousht to act m concert;
tnat though this question was nor of mv department, yet a
common duty should make it a common concern ; that the
President wiii the ccnteron which ail administrative ques-
tions ultimately tested, and that all of us should rally round
linn and *uppoit with joint efforts measures appioVed by
hn.i; and that the question having been lost by a small
majonty onb, it was probable that an appeal from me to
the judgment and discretion of some of my friends might
effect a change in the vote, and the machine of govern-
ment, now suspended, might be again set m motion. I told
hnn that I was really a stranger to the whole subject; that
not having yet informed myself of the system of finance
adopted. I knew not how fai this was a necessary sequence;
that undoubtedly, if its rejection endangered a dissolution
ot our Union, at this incipient stage, I jhould deem that the
most unfortunate of all consequence^to avert which, all
paitial and temporary evils should be yielded, I proposed
to hnn, however, to dine with me the next day, and I would
invite another friend or two, bring them in confercnce to-
gether, and I thought it impossible that reasonable men,
consulting togerher'molly, could fail, by some mutual sac-
rijitei of opinion,to foim a compromise which was to save
the Union. The discu^ion took place. I could take no
pan in it but an cxhortatory one, because I was a stranger
to the circumstances which should govern it. But ir was
finally agreed to, that whatever impoitance had been at-
tached to the rejection of this proposition, the preservation
of the Union and of concord among the States was more
important, and that therefore it would be better that the
vote ot rejection should be rescinded, to effect which,some
membeis should change their \otos.
" But it was observed that this pill would be peculiarly
bitter to the southern States, and that some concomitant
measure should be adopted to s-weeten it a little to them.
There had before been a proposition to fix the seat of Gov-
ernment either at Philadelphia or at Georgetown, on the
Potomac ; and it was thought that by giving it to Philadel-
phia for ten years, and to Georgetown permanently after-
wards, this might, as an anodyne, calm in some degree the
ferment which might be excited by the other measure alone.
two of the Potomac members (White and Lee, but
White with a revulsion of stomach almost, convulsive)
agreed to change their vote*, and Hamilton undertook to
carry the other point. In dompr this, the influence he had
established over the eastern members, with the agency of
Robert Morns with those of the middle States, effected his
side of the agreement, and so the assumption was passed."
In the course of the debate on the bill to estab-
lish the scat of the national Government at this
place, Mr. Lee, of Virginia, said:
" Nations have their passions as well as individuals. He
drew an alarming picture ot the consequences to be appre-
hended from disunion, ambition, and rivalship. He then
cave a pleasing sketch of the happy effects to be derived
from anational, generous, and equal attention to the south-
ern and northern interests. Will gentlemen, said he, blast
this prospect by rejecting this bill ? I trust they will not."
Mr. White, of Virginia, said:
"; After the present ferment is subsided, this position [on
the Potomac] will be considered as a permanent bond of
union; and the eastern States will find their most essentia!
interests promoted by the measure.' He advened to the
trade of Massachusetts, which, he said, was greater to Vir-
ginia than to the whole Union besides;' the southern Stales
