1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ess
.woulil be cordial in promoting their shipping and advancing
their interests, when they observe that the principles of
justice influence them on this great national question.'"
It is evident that the bill fixing the seat of the
Federal Government on the banks of the Poto-
mac was carried by certain gentlemen from the
southern country changing their votes and going
for the funding system. Here was a compro-
mise. I have heard much, during the last four
orfive years,about thesacred nature of compacts;
and if there ever was a compromise fixed up for
the good of the Union, for the permanency of the
Government, this was one; because Mr. Jeffer- j
son says, members of Congress were in such bad
temper with each other that they could do no
business, and the machine of Government was
suspended. You see how wc were affected by it
in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. The site had
been agreed upon to be fixed at Germantown.
We had agreed to cede sufficient territory at that
place. Sums of money were offered to induce a
location there; but in order to calm the ferment
on this great subject of funding the debt, they,
as an anodyne to the southern gentlemen, agreed
to a southern location, and it was taken away
from Philadelphia and Germantown. Perhaps it
was as well that it was taken away. I think it
is well to have the Federal Government away
from the commercial points of the United States.
These, sir, are briefly my objections to the bill
now before the Senate.
Mr. HUNTER. Though I think some irrele-
vant matter has been brought into this case, I will
briefly give the history of its origin. The States
of Virginia and Maryland advanced, the one
$120,000, and the other $72,000, for the purpose
of assisting in the erection of public buildings
within the ten miles square, upon condition, it is
true, that it was to be located within their terri-
tory. These sums were advanced by these States
respectively. In the very act by which Virginia
made provisions to advance the money she used ;j
the term "advance." It had been reported ori- jj
ginally with the word " grant," or "give." I will j
refer to it presently in terms; and that word was j;
stricken out and " advance" substituted to show i;
that they did not intend to make a permanent !j
grant or gift of this money. It is true she never 1 ^
did apply to have the money refunded to her until j i
after that portion of the District which belonged j
to her was retroceded to Virginia. I well recol- j;
lect, at the time the bill for the retrocession of Al- ::
exandria was up*, the people of that town thought ;;
then a provision ought to have been introduced j i
into that bill returning to them the money which .]
Virginia had originally contributed to aid in the jj
construction of these buildings. But it was |l
thought it might jeopard the bill itself, which |j
was of far more importance to them than any j|
question of money; and the question was not h
raised at that time. ' i
Afterwards, on application to the State of Vir- j
ginia, that State gave to the Orange and Alexan- j1
dria Railroad Company, in which the corporation j,
of Alexandria was largely interested, her claim j;
to this sum, on condition that it should go to edu- |
cational purposes. This claim has been since i
pressed by that company, to whom it would be .
not only useful on their own account, but for the
sake of the great connection from Isorth to South ;
on the shortest line of railroad which exists from '
this place to Memphis. When the claim was <
presented here, it was resisted on the ground that j
it was no debt due to Virginia, but a donation oil
her part originally to the Federal Government. j
.Sometimes it was said it was a donation; some- j
times it was said that it was paid upon condition :
that the seat of Government should be placed ;
here, and that having been made upon that condi- j
tion, therefore, as the seat of Government was ;
here, the General Government was absolved from ,
all obligation to repay. j
Sir, I do not think it is necessary to raise the |
question as to whether it was a debt or not. Here |
is the great fact, that at the time when this Gov-
ernment was poor, these two great States did
contribute their money to aid the Government hi
the erection of public buildings at this place. No
matter whether the inducement was that the seat
of Government was to be placed within their ter-
ritory or not, it is very certain that this Govern-
ment did receive the use of their money. The
state of things is now reversed. This Govern-
ment is rich; those States, comparatively, are
poor; and even if this had been a donation, it
seems to me that common liberality would re-
quire, if the States needed it, that it should be
returned to them. Not so, says the Senatorfrom
Pennsylvania, because it was upon that condition
that the seat of Government was placed here.
Mr. President, do you believe that the Congress j
of the United States would ever agree to allmit ;
that the seat of Government was irrevocably'
placed here, unless the States of Virginia and ;
Maryland should consent to its removal ? Do !
you believe they would agree that they had sold j
out to those States the rignt to remove the seat of'
Government for the paltry consideration of a sum <
less than $200,000? If there were such obliga- ,
tions, they are as much binding on the one side 1
as the other. If that view of the question be true, i
then, if Virginia and Maryland should refuse to
take back this money, Congress would be obliged
to leave the seat of Government here always, no
matter what might be the necessities for its re-
moval.
But, sir, the Senator from Pennsylvania is not
content with insisting that we cannot recover it
because the seat of Government was placed here
fdr the sake of that pecuniary consideration; but
he says there was another—that the seat of Gov-
ernment was placed here because of the agree-
ment of certain members to pass an act for fund-
ing the State debts. If that was the considera-
tion, that act has passed, and nobody proposes to
disturb it. If it was placed here on the consid-
eration of funding the State debts, both sides have
performed the obligation resting on them, and !
there is no reason why this money should not ■
be returned to the States of Virginia and Mary- !
land.
Now, how is it in regard to the true character
of the transaction r Was this money an advance,
or was it a gift ? If you look to its history you
will find that so far as the action of Virginia and
of all who represented Virginia was concerned,
she steadily maintained it to have been an ad-
vance. The first thing we see on the subject is a
resolution offered in Congress by Mr. .Lee, of
Virginia, in these words:
" Resolved, That the Eoaid of Treasury take mi-n-ures
for erectma the necessary public buildings for the accom-
modation of Congress at Georgetown, on the Potomac river,
so soon as the soil and jurisdiction of the said town are ob-
tained. and that on the completion of the said buildings,
Congress adjourn their sessions to the said Fedeial town.
Ilesohci, That the States of liar; land and Virginia be
allowed a credit, m tlie requisition of 1TS7, or in the arrear-
; ages due on past requisitions, for such sums of money as
; they may respectively furnish towards the erection of said
i buildings.1'
I That resolution did not pass; but it appears
: that the member from Virginia who moved it,
I proposed it distinctly on the condition that this
! was to be a mere advance. What does Virginia
| say in her own act?
1 £' Resolved ly the General ,lsseir<bly of T'irzinic* That a
copy of the foregoing actof the 3d December. 17c9. hetrans-
nntted to the General Assembly of Maryland without delay;
and that it be proposed to said Assembly to unite with this
i Legislature m an application to Congress, that in easeCon-
■ [tress shall deem it expedient to establish the permanent seat
' of the Government of tbe United States on the banks of the
1 rotomac, so as to include the cession of either stale, or a
: part of the cession of both States, this Assembly will pass
1 an act for advancing a sum of money, not exceeding
S120,000, to the use of the General Government, to be ap-
, plied ill such manner as Congress shall direct, towards
' yreetiim public buildings, the said Assemble ot Maryland,
on their part, advancing a sum not less than two fifths ol
' the sum advanced by this State for the like purpose.'-'
i It is stated here, in the report emanating from
' the committee, over which the Senator from
' Pennsylvania presides, that when they came to
' pass the act for advancing the money, " The
: Journals of the House of Delegates for the time
; in which that act was on its passage clearly show
! that the State adhered to its purpose of making
i the 'advance,' and refuse to make it £a grant. ^
1 Thus, as far as we can trace the action of Vir-
; ginia, it is evident that shedrsigned itto be merely
j an advance; that she did not choose to be placed
] in the position of making it an absolute gift or
' grant. But whether it were an advance oragrant,
' the money was put in the hands of the Govern-
: ment of the United States, to aid in the erection
i of public buildings. Now, what appears from
your own account? That out of this $1-0,000 a
sum of less than fifty thousand dollars was appro-
priated to public buildings, and the rest was
appropriated to the general uses of this city-—a
purpose obviously for which the advance of Vir-
ginia was never designed. It is evident, then,
that the larger portion of the sura advanced by
her was not directed to the purpose for which ehe
intended it, because, its all her acts, she specified
her advance to be for the purpose of < recti nr
! public buildings. Her resolution says expressly;
! " This Assembly will pass an act for advancing
a sum of money, not exceeding §120,000, to the
use of the General Government, to be applied, in
i such manner as Congress shall direct, towards
: erecting public buildings." And yet the larger
portion was applied to the general purposes of
this city. As I said before, it seems to me that
on this occasion it is not necessary to enter into
the question whether it was a donation or a loan.
If it were a donation, now that we are rich, why
i should we be not willing to restore to a member
j of the same family which contributed to us when
[ we were poor, the snm which she originally ad-
vanced ? Especially, why shall we not do it when -
we come to consider the valuable uses to which it
will be applied ? The benefits to result from it
■ will redound not merely to the State of Virginia,
not merely to the city of Alexandria, but to this
; city and to the whole country; for it is to be de-
: voted to a line of railroad that is the shortest
j between the city of Washington and Memphis.
' Take a string and place it between these two'
; points on the map, and you will find that it pur-
i sues very nearly, and almost identically,the line
! of the railroad which is now being constructed
j between these places, through the States of Vir-
i ginia and Tennessee.
I When you come to consider that without any
j constitutional question, without any violation of
j propriety, a sum of money of this sort may be
: returned to the State advancing it, and applied to
: uses so eminently beneficial to the whole country,
' and particularly to tins District, it seems to me
! there ought to be no objection. The answer to
; the question, why the demand was not sooner
made, is that it was not made whilst Alexandria
was v.-ithin the District, and was only made when
she withdrew from it, on her application, and on
the ground she has always taken, that while she
was a part of this District, the General Govern-
ment acted towards her the step-mother's part;
that she did not receive her share of the appropri-
ations and attention of this Government; that
. everything was given to Washington and but
I, little to Alexandria. It was on that account that
her people were anxious for retrocession; and at
;! that time they were anxious that I, who was at-
,i tending to the bill for retrocession, should press
; their claim to have this money originally advanced
! by Virginia returned to them. It was not dona
because there was no consent on the part_ of tho
! State of Virginia to make such an application,
and because, as I said before, it was thought it
might imperil the bill.
This, I believe,is the whole case as far as Vir-
ginia is concerned.
: " Mr. WADE. Mr. President. I am a member
of the Committee on Claims which reported this
bill,and I# m4n favor of it, after a fall investigation
. of all the facts and circumstances connected with
it, and I shall rote for it in the Senate as I did m
the committee. There might, under other cir-
cumstances. be great force in the objections urged
against this bill by the chairman of the commit-
■ tee, [Mr. Brodhead.} The fact that the claim
has been permitted to lie for so long a time with-
' out any movement on the part of those having a
5 right to ask for the money, perhaps to
, imply that at the time when this loan or grant or
gift, or whatever it may be called, was made,
there was no expectation "that it was to be returned.
The language connected with the or!jtnc«l grant,
it being sometimes called a gift, some-imes a do-
nation, sometimes an advance, sometimes one
, thing and sometimes another, would seem to
' imply that perhaps it was n^t th«*n expected the
money would be repaid. All these considerations,
'■ however, did not satisfy me that we oueht not
1 to repav the money. I care but hale what ibe
■ expectation was at that tim*-*. if sheaf States,
! actuated by magnanimity, and for the purpose of
L advancing* tlie public good, gave us money to
', erect the public buildings at that day, our
Treasury was comparatively empty, and "when ft
was really an object to hare such a donation, 1
, would repay them. Although we are now embar-
rassed by an overflowing Treasury, and are ei>-
i: deavoring to find ways and meam whereby it
