the congressional globe.
February 13,
may be depleted in some way, the state of things
lien was exactly the reverse. A donation of this
amount of money in aid of the construction of
the public buildings was an object of very great
importance at that period, and the whole history
of the transaction shows that it was so consid-
ered by the General Government. It was very
glad to avail itself of the generosity of these
States, by which it was assisted in obtaining the
money to erect the public buildings. For this
reason I was upt disposed to criticise with tech-
nicalities the construction which might have been
put on the original grant at that time.
There is force, however, in another objection
■which the chairman of the committee has pre-
sented, which is, that accompanying these trans-
actions there was no evidence retained of the claim
Of these States—no particular terms or stipula-
3t tions as to the payment of the money. This cir-
cumstance, I presume, would lead one to suppose
that it was not expected at the time that repay-
ment would be demanded. But on the other side
there are many circumstances connected with the
transaction which might be referred to, if it were
thought necessary, which seemed to show that
throughout the whole proceeding the States which
advanced this money seemed to have an idea that
it was loaned by way of advancement, to be re-
paid in the future.
For myself, I frankly acknowledge this con-
sideration was comparatively unimportant. The
great stubborn fact still stands out, that while the
nation was poor we availed ourselves of the gen-
erosity of these States, and took the money which
they offered—whether by way of gift, or loan I
care not. At all events, those who have the right
to say on what condition they granted the money,
now say it was by way of advancement, to be
repaid at some convenient time in the future. On
this question I will not stand here to contend with
a sovereign State. When she has made an ad-
vancement or loan, or even a donation, if you
please to call it so, and we have availed ourselves
of its benefits, I will not, when she asks to be
repaid, and we have an overflowing Treasury,
stand here to say that the money was a gift, and
therefore ought not to be repaid. Sir, the State
which X represent asks no such thing of me. Her
people know full well tliatv/e have had the money,
and that it has gone for the advancement of the
public interest; and they are willing now to bear
their share of this public burden.
I have briefly stated the considerations which
inducc me on all occasions to stand forward as an
advocate for the repayment of this money. I do
not wish to have this Government indebted to any
State in this Union, or to anybody. I shall feel
that it is under an obligation to the States of Vir-
ginia and Maryland until this money shall have
been paid. In my judgment, the money ought
to be repaid; and I do not think we ought to criti-
cise the motives and purposes that prompted the
advancement at the time. It was a noble, gen-
erous act, and we ought now to respond to it in
the same spirit.
Mr. PEAIiCE. Mr, President, I do not mean
to detain the Senate for any length of time, nor
to repeat what has been said by the Senator from
Virginia. The Legislature of Maryland has
passed resolutions requesting its Representatives
in both Houses of Congress to use proper efforts
to effect the passage of this bill. I do not feel at
liberty after that request to be perfectly silent on
the subject. If the State of Maryland, in 1790,
made a ,donation to the United States of this
money.'which is the subject of the bill, and seeks
now to regaim their donation from this Govern-
ment, it is an act of unparalleled meanness. If,
on the contrary, she advanced the money, not to
be repaid in any definite time, but to be returned
at some future period, as far distant as you
please, entirely indefinite, and yet to be returned
at some time, that was an act of liberality which
has met with a very poor requital from this Gov-
ernment. If I could believe that this money had
been a donation, an absoluteunqualified.giftfrom
the treasury of Maryland to that of the Govern-
ment :of the United States, I should be covered
with shame at the idea of my State claiming it
again; and no matter how many resolves the
Legislature might pass of request or instruction,
X would not raise my voice for it a moment, but
would vote against it as against any other un-
founded claim. But I do not believe it to be so, sir.
In 1788, the General Assembly of Maryland
passed an act for the cession of this District to
the Federal Government. There was nothing
said in this act of cession as to a consideration to
be paid by the State of Maryland to the General
Government for the acceptance of that grant—
nothing that implies-that the State of Maryland
thought it so great a favor and such an important
advantage that it was to be paid for. Nor in the
subsequent resolution, which was passed in 1790,
was there anything which intimated that the State
of Maryland was advancing this money in con-
sideration of the location of the seat of Govern-
ment in her part of the ten miles square which
she had agreed to code in the year 1788.
The State of Virginia took the initiative in the
business of passing these resolutions. A resolu-
tion was passed by the Legislature of that State j
in December, 1789, and the Senator from Virginia 1
has very properly stated that, while the language
of the resolution precludes the idea of an absolute
gift, there is the further argument to be drawn
from the fact, which-he also stated, that the title
of the resolution was altered so as to strike out
the word " grant," which would have left such
implication, and insert the word "advance,"
which does not contain such implication, and
which is in conformity with the language of the
body of the resolution.
The General Assembly of Maryland passed its
resolution in 1790; that of the State of Virginia
having been received too late in the session at
which it was presented to our Legislature, to be
acted on. In the mean time, (that is to say, in
July, 1790,) the cessions of Maryland and Vir-
ginia were accepted by the Government of the
United States, and it was not till the 15th Decem-
ber, 1790, five months after the cession had been
accepted, that Maryland tendered the advance of
that $72,000, which is now said to have been the
inducement of the location of the seat of Govern-
ment on the Potomac, which had, in fact, pre-
ceded it.
The Maryland resolution was as follows;
" PFViereas, by a resolution of the General Assembly of
Virginia, passed on the 10th day of December, 1789, it was
proposed to the General Assembly of Maryland, that the
Assembly of Virginia will pass an act for advancing a sum
of money not less than $120,000 to the use of the General
Government, to be applied in such manner as Congress
shall direct, towards erecting public buildings; the Assem-
bly of Maryland, on their part, advancing a sum not less
than three fifths of the sum advanced by the said Assembly
of Virginia ; winch resolution camc so late to the last Gen-
eral Assembly of Maryland that it could not be acted upon,
and was therefore referred to this present session; and,
whereas this General Assembly doth highly approve of the
object of said resolution, and is desiiousof doing everything
required on the part ofMaryland for earrvingthe same into
etleet:
" Resolved, That tins House doth accede to the proposi-
tion contained m the said resolution of Ihe General Assem-
bly of the State of Virgmia, and will advance to the Presi-
dent of the United States, for the purposes mentioned in the
said resolution, the eum of ^70,000, payable to his order in
throe equal yearly installments."
In June and July 1792, and in March, 1793,
this money was paid in installments of <£9,000
currency each, making in all $72,000. It is true
the drafts drawn by General Washington for this
purpose on the Treasury of the State of Mary-
land, used the term "granted." In some sense,
any money voted out of the Treasury may be
said to be granted to the purposes to which it is
to be applied; and it is not at all inconsistent with
the word "grant" that money should be advanced;
for whether it is an advance or a gift, it is granted
for either purpose out of the treasury. Neither
was it the duty of the administrative officers of
the Legislature of Maryland to scan too closely
the draft, and criticise a single word and refuse to
pay because it contained the word "grant" in-
stead of'advance." Whether that be so or not,
it is at all events certain that the Government of
the United States knew the character in which it
had been agreed to furnish this money to the Gen-
eral Government. If they were not willing to take
it on the terms and according to the language of
the General Assembly of Maryland, they should
not have taken it at all; but they cannot derive,
from the fact that they have chosen in their act
to call it a grant, any argument to show that the
character of the advance was any other than that
which the resolution itself gives to it. It was not
competent for any or all the administrative officers
of the Government, or the President of the United
States, himself, to vary the terms,of that resolu-
tion by "the change even of a single word in the
draft which he drew for the money. Very prob- -
ably the draft was^drawn by a clerk, and signed
by General Washington without his suspecting
the importance which was afterwards to bo at-
tached to the word "granted"—a term, indeed,
which might well be applied to the appropriation,
whether a gift or a loan.
Now, to show that the State of Maryland re-
garded this money as an advance from the begin-
ning, I will mention the further fact that in the
succeeding year, 1701, it became necessary to pass
a law, by virtue of which the fiscal officer of the
State might pay this money out of the treasury
of Maryland. The resolution had been merely
an agreement to pay it; but an act of the General
Assembly of Maryland was necessary, and was
passed at the December session, 1791, reciting
that by the agreement of the preceding year, they
had promised to advance the sum of $72,000 to
the General Government. The same language
was used by the Legislature of Maryland in all
cases.
Mr. HUNTER. Will my friend allow me to
say to him that General Washington sometimes
used the term " advance," as he did in a letter
written from Philadelphia in August, 1793, in
which he says:
" In what manner would it be proper to state the accounts
of the Suites ofMaryland and Virginia ? they having advanced
money, which was not all expended."
Mr. PEARCE. I was about to mention that
fact. I had it before me in a report made by Mr.
Underwood, I think in the session of 1850.
This subject has been before Congress for a
number of years. The State of Maryland made
no demand for this money, for the State was very
wealthy; the State had in her treasury for many
years interest-bearing stocks from an early date
after the Revolution, down to a period long sub-
sequent to the war of 1812, of about a million of
dollars. There was really no direct tax neces-
sary for the support of the State government.
We had funds, the interest of which defrayed
these expenses, and even enabled us to advance
other moneys to the Government of the United
States, both in war and in peace. But our inter-
nal improvement system plunged us into debts
which became embarrassing in 1842, and then we
called upon the General Government to return
this money, which had been advanced over fifty
years before, for which no interest had been
claimed, or ever has been claimed, down to the
year 1842. I believe a claim has been set up for
the State for interest from 1842, when the de-
mand was made on the Government.
Now, sir, I think it is scarcely worth while to
multiply argument or statements on this subject.
It is impossible to deduce from the language used
by the State herself the idea of an absolute, un-
qualified gift. It is not to be found in her reso-
lution—in her deed of cession—in the act author-
izing the money to be paid out of her treasury.
It is not to be found in any subsequent proceed-
ing of the Legislature, or any department of the
government of the State of Maryland; and even
the General Government itself, while sometimes
claiming it as a donation, has at others recog-
nized it as an advance. It was an advance, and
was tendered, as I have shown, subsequent to the
acceptance of the Virginia and Maryland cessions.
The General Government has had the benefit of it.
It is not called upon to pay interest by this bill for
any portion of the sixty-five years during which it
has had the use of the money. If, now, the Gov-
ernment chooses to repudiate the advances then
made her—to deny her obligations, and confiscate
the money which the States of Maryland and
Virginia have advanced to her—let her do so. I
trust the State ofMaryland will never pass another
resolve on the subject, but will treat the United
States, as to this claim, as we do any pauper
debtor who grows rich only after so many years
of destitution that he forgets or denies the ad-
vances made to him in his need.
The State of Maryland has never been a nig-
gard to this Government; and to mention what
perhaps many gentleman are not aware of, it is
not the only instance in which this Government
has borrowed money from the State of Maryland
for the erection of public buidings here. I have
before me a letter of General Washington to his
Excellency J. H.Stone, Governor ofMaryland,
written several years after the advances made by
Virginia and Maryland, which I will read:
