686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
comes here in a roundabout way, having: consid-
ered this as a sort of claim, and passed it over to
araiiroad corporation, I do not like this indirect
mode of coming here. Sir, let Virginia come
here and say what is true, " We wanted the seat
®f the national Government established on the
banks of the Potomac; we contended for it; we
bargained for it; we made these advances, these
grants, these donations of money, to bring about
that result; we have enjoyed its rich benefits;
more of our sons have filled office here than of
almost all the States of the Union besides; the
Treasury of the Federal Government is now full
to overflowing; we are now poor; we wish to
build railroads; and we want the Federal Gov-
ernment to pay us back this money." Sir, it is
no debt, no obligation. These donations of Mary-
land and Virginia brought the Federal Govern-
• went here, and these two States have had the
benefits of its location here. Maryland to-day
supports her State government, to some extent,
by the benefits of this capital—by the travel over
the railroad from Baltimore to this city.
Mr. PEARCE. What she gets from that rail-
road is not a tithe of her income.
Mr. WILSON. I do not say that it is her whole
income, but it is her income in part, and a con-
siderable income it is; and Maryland and the
people of Maryland have received great benefits
from the establishmen t of the national capital here.
Sir, I will vote to pay back to Maryland her
donation; I will vote to pay back to Virginia her
donation, for I do not wish' to keep money in the
Treasury to which they look with hungry eyes.
But while I vote for this bill, I want to remind
Senators, especially from Maryland and Virginia,
that the State I represent has had a claim here for
forty years for services rendered this country in
defending the coast of New England in the war of
18X2, when the soldiers of the Federal Govern-
ment were withdrawn from our defense-and sent
on expeditions for the conquest of Canada. Mas-
sachusetts had to draw her militia to the sea-coast
to defend that coast, when the British flag floated
almost within cannon shot of her coasts. She
has a claim of more than two hundred thousand
dollars upon this Government. With an over-
flowing Treasury, X do not see any disposition
now, more than at any other period, to liquidate
that claim. Senators who are ready to vote for
this claim of $192,000 of Maryland and Virginia,
for money tendered to the Federal Fovernment to
induce the Federal Government to establish the
national capital within their territory, are not
yet ready to pay a just claim for money expended
m defense of the soil of the Republic. I will vote
for this bill; but I want it understood distinctly
that I am not cheated, not deluded by any assump-
tion that these were loans to the Federal Govern-
ment, or that the money was ever intended or ex-'
pected to be repaid. I know better than that, for
I have studied the history of my country a little
"too carefully to bo imposed upon by any such rep-
resentations.
Mr. MASON, (Mr. Biggs in the chair.) Mr.
President, I shall not go into this debate further
than, as one of the representatives of Virginia, to
place her in the true attitude in which I know she
stands before the Senate. «
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts has
said that Virginia comes here by indirection—Ma-
ryland comes directly; and that she comes here
by indirection because she has placed this claim
in the hands of a private corporation, giving them
power to demand its payment. The State of Vir-
ginia, in 1850, passed a resolution which is here,
transferring this as a claim by that name — the
claim of the State of Virginia upon the Federal
Government for this money to be used in the con-
struction of the Orange and Alexandria railroad,
upon terms that the Orange and Alexandria com-
pany should create stock for the same amount m
the name of the president and directors of the
literary fund, establishing it thereby as a fund
for the literary purposes of the State of Virginia
It was a mode only by which Virginia contrib-
uted tins debt beneficially to be used by the rail-
road company to the large fund already raised in
Virginia for the purpose of education; so that
Virginia is here directly, and not by indirection.
She has given to this company the benefit of the
claim, and required the company to create stock
to the same amount for the enlargement of the
literary fund.
I am indebted to the honorable Senator from
New York for the views he has taken on this
subject, as far as the State of Virginia is con-
cerned, and do not mean to quarrel with him about
it. But again, in almost his own words, as one
of the Senators from Virginia, I .wish to say, that
the claim is presented, not as a gratuity,not as a
bounty, but as a debt. Although I am free to
admit, that standing here as a Senator, towards
any other State I would say with the honorable
Senator from New York, and others, that if it
rests only as an obligation of honor, it is an ob-
ligation to be fulfilled on the part of this Govern-
ment.
The State of Virginia, by the terms of her reso-
lution, agreed to " advance" this money. Mary-
land agreed to advance two fifths of the amount—
Virginia §120,000, and Maryland $72,000—to be
expended by the General Government in the con-
struction of public buildings here, provided the
seat of Government was fixed on the banks of
the Potomac, and embraced a part of those two
States. The honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts says that was the consideration. It was a
consideration. It appears soon the face of the
resolution. That is nothing new. The honor-
able Senator says it was the whole consideration.
That is his construction. He may place that
construction on it i/ he thinks proper, and other
gentlemen may do so as they may construe the
matter. We say, the history of the times shows
it was a part only of the consideration. We
know very well that the old Congress passed an
ordinance to fix the seat of Government at the
lower falls of the Delaware, and required the au-
thorities to erect buildings there for a seat of
Government, but they could not execute it, be-
cause they could not get the money. The State
of Virginia then said, " If you will fix the seat
of Government on the banks of the Potomac, in
the territory of the two States, as an inducement
to you to do it we will advance a certain sum of
money to erect buildings."
It is said by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, that it could not have been intended as
a loan, because General Washington, and Mr.
Jefferson, and other public men, spoke of it some-
times as a grant, and sometimes as a donation.
The very fact that they used those terms shows
they did not mean to convey any specific or tech -
nical meaning in the language they used. A
grant is one thing, a gift another, a loan a third—
all clearly known and appreciated in the princi-
ples of law. A grant requires a consideration;
a gift is valid without a consideration; a loan is
based upon terms of reimbursement; an advance
is a word frequently used in popular acceptation,
and imports that it shall be returned. An hon-
orable Senator who sits near me, in conversation
stated it thus: "I have an unoccupied house,
and desire that a particular friend shall live there
for the purpose of being a neighbor, and I say to
him, if you will occupy that house, I will ad-
vance you the money to furnish it; would it ever
enter into the imagination of that friend that I
meant I will give you the money ? I advance the
money because it will be inconvenient to you,
and at some future day you will reimburse'it."
It is on those terms we have presented the claim.
Mr. BUTLER. I know, sir, that the Senators
from Virginia are somewhat embarrassed about
this matter, and I do not rise at all to relieve
them from their embarrassment, because I have
been satisfied more fully since I have heard the
disclosures made here than before, that it is
proper we should return this money. I do not
say so on the technical ground that it was re-
garded in the legal import of the term " advance,"
but I do it upon the ground that the money was
advanced, and we have availed ourselves, as far
as its benefit was available, of the money.
But I rise now to say that I think, of all the
States in the Union, without any exception — I
make no exception of mine, certainly—there is
no one Commonwealth that has been more lavish
of its bounties, of its generosity, and I may say
of its sacrifices, than Virginia. Look, sir, at the
Northwest. I am glad that the Senator from Ohio
has risen, because it looks like paying a tribute
to Leah, who has thrown out all her bounties on
j them. The whole of that northwest country be-
longed to Virginia. She gave it liberally," and
they have improved it as far as they could improve
it. I do not think, in any point of view, there
should be anything like a reproach thrown on that
Commonwealth, which, standing, as I think, fairly
before the tribu nal ofj ustice, can claim this money.
I do not believe Virginia would ever claim it if
we were poorand'unable to pay it; but when she
found her debtor was able to pay it, she comes
and asks for it.
Now, have wo not given more to almost any
other section of the Union than to Virginia?
Certainly; lands we have given away when they
have been asked for, for railroads. We have
•absolutely built up a Commonwealth—and I do
' not say it may not ultimately be, because I believe
it will be, one of the great elements of national
prosperity—of railroads in the Northwest. We
have given them lands, and from whom did they
derive the title ?
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. You granted them to
us on certain conditions.
Mr. BUTLER. You never paid a dollar for
them.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Yes, we did.
Mr. BUTLER. That is immaterial. I will
not say given. I will say granted.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. That will do.
Mr. BUTLER. I did not intend to enlarge on
this matter further than to interpose a single re-
mark. I heard the Senator from Massachusetts.
I came in when, as I thought, he was making a
strong remark. I do not intend to allude to his
remark as far as it may have direction one way
or another, or what I might take exception to;
but the last calamity I wish to attach to the State
of South Carolina is that the capital should be
placed within her limits.
Mr. WADE. None of the considerations to
which gentlemen have alluded brought me to the
conclusions which I have stated in regard to this
matter. I am not in favor of this bill because I
claim any particular friendship for one State of
the Union over another, or because I discriminate
at all between them. I care not from what State
a claim originates. Sir, if I were to look at con-
siderations of that kind in my place in the Sen-
ate, or as a judge upon the bench, I should have
a despicable opinion of myself. I do not look
to see whether I approve or disapprove of the
institutions of a State. Neither friendship nor
enmity, I hope, has anything to do with me in
this matter. I have looked into this claim, and
into the evidence presented in support of it, as I
would in any other case. The evidence brings
my mind to the conclusion that there is a just
obligation, on the part of the United States, in
favor of the States of Virginia and Maryland,
and I have not suffered my mind to dwell on any
other consideration than that. When a Senator
rises in his place, and tells me that the considera-
tion for which this money was granted is corrupt,
and still concludes his speech with a declaration
that he will vote to pay the money, I do not know
what brings him to that conclusion. I can only
say, that if he could show to me that this transac-
tion was tainted with corruption, it never would
command my vote.
Massachusetts has a claim here. What has
that to do with the claim now under consideration ?
Bring it forward; submit it to the committee of
which I am a member, and I shall endeavor to can-
vass it with the same impartiality as this, or any
other claim; and ifitcanbe shown that it is as well
founded as I believe this to be, I shall support
it. Why is it necessary, on a naked claim of this
kind, to go into surrounding circumstances to find
! out some reasons why a man's mind may dwell
! on these things which, it is submitted, cannot
! have anything to do with the ultimate decision?
! Sir, I never fight my battles in that way. If I
j have a controversy with anybody anywhere, I
will take care of it at the proper time; but when
I there is no occasion to bring it up, I am the last
| man who would allude to it for the purpose of
j raising ill-feeling in the mind of anybody. Sir,
] it is enough that we cannot cscape from contro-
j versies when they are brought up legitimately.
I I never bring them up collaterally.
j As I said before, I have canvassed this claim.
! More than two years ago I had occasion to look
| it all over minutely; and I say to the Senator from
I Massachusetts that he cannot show that this was
j intended to be a bare gift or donation. I know
I that casual expressions were used in connection
j with the original transaction that could lead the
i mind to believe one thing or another; but, as has
