1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
687
been well said, it was not intended to use techni-
cal terms; and hence, as often as it was referred
to, they made use of any language calculated to
show that a loan or advancement or donation or
gift was made. There is nothing connected with
it to show that it was notexpected that the amount
would be repaid.
Here are two sovereign States coming forward,
and saying it was an advancement to be paid.
Where is the man upon this floor who will stand
here to contend with a sovereign State as to
whether this bounty, which we have received at
their hands, was a loan or a gift ? I do not care
which it waSj. There might have been a misunder-
standing; the agents of the General Government
may have had some floating ideas in their minds
that it was a donation; whilst those who granted
the money may have expected that the period
would come for its repayment. Are we to fall back
on these technical considerations, and undertake
to say how the fact was, when the resolutions of
these sovereign States themselves show that, at
divers periods during the progress of this nego-
tiation, they corrected the terms, in order that
there might be no misunderstanding, and that it
should be always understood it was an advance-
ment to be repaid ?
I have risen to make these remarks because
the Senator from Massachusetts seems rather to
censure us for being advocates of tin: justice of
this claim. Sir, I am neither the friend nor the
enemy of any State that cornes before me for
justice. Whether the Slate be Massachusetts or
any other, her claim shall receive at my hands
the best judgment that I can give, and the result
of my honest judgment will be manifested in my
vote. I believe this claim to be just and well
founded. 1 believe, as I said before, it was not
only an act of justice in these States to make the
advancement at the time, but it was an act of
generosity of which the General Government
stood much in need at that early period. The
people of the State which in part I represent do
not wish me to exercise the questionable economy
of withholding the payment of that of which
they have had the benefit. I cheerfully give my
vote for the payment of this claim.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I am not a
little surprised at the feeling manifested by the
Senator from Ohio. I should suppose from his
remarks that something had fallen from me which
he regarded as a personal reflection on himself.
The Senator says that I have characterized this
measure as corrupt. He is mistaken altogether.
I have not characterized it as corrupt; I have not
characterized it as dishonest. I have character-
ized it simply as what it is, and what the honor-
able Senator from Viiginia admitted it to be.
Mr. WADE. I might have misunderstood the
Senator; but I did understand him to say that the
bargain, or compromise, or whatever he called
it, which brought the seft of Government to the
banks of the Potomac, was tainted with corrup-
tion, and that the inducement of paying this
money was part of it.
Mr! WILSON. The Senator is mistaken. I
will state to the Senator precisely what I did say,
and what I now repeat: that the bargain between
the friends of the assumption of the State debts
and the establishment of the capital on the banks
of the Potomac was a corrupt bargain., so regarded
then, and will ever be so regarded in the history
of the country. I did not connect, and do not
now connect, these donations of money on the
part of these two States to the Federal Govern-
ment with that bargain—a bargain disastrous to
the country in many respects.
Mr. WADE. That is a full explanation. I
supposed the Senator coupled theih all together.
1 have nothing to say about the acts of which the
Senator speaks.
?>lr. WILSON. Now I wish to say this: that
the donations of money made by Virginia and by
Maryland as inducements to the Federal Gov-
ernment to establish the capital here, were all
right and ell proper. I have no complaint to
make, and have made none in regard to those
donations. Th"se States had the right to make
them—the Federal Government had the right to
accept them.
I am sure the Senator from Ohio ought to be
the last man to make an insinuation against me,
as I though t he did, that I could act on this floor
for one Stale and ngair.st another, on account of
my general views in regard to questions of public
policy.
Mr. WADE. I did not intend to say or insin-
uate any such thing. I was a little surprised at
the Senator, because I understood him to say first
that the transaction was corrupt, and finally to
conclude his remarks with saying that he should
vote for the bill. But he has explained that al-
ready, and now I understand him exactly.
Mr. WILSON. I am glad the Senator now
understands me. I will say, however, that I go
as far as the Senator from Ohio in justice and
liberality to every State, and especially should I
be ashamed to stand on this floor and give a vote
on a public question against any State, because
I happened to differ from the people of that State
on a great absorbing question of public policy. I
have never- given such a vote, and never shall
while I occupy a seat on this floor.
The Senator from Virginia [Mr. Masos-] told
us that the old Congress proposed to establish
the Federal capita! on the banks of the Delaware,
and to do it upon the condition that money should
be advanced to erect the buildings. How ad-
vanced ' Not as a loan, but as a gratuity !
Mr. MASON. The Senator misunderstood me.
The ordinance of the old Congress, as I recollect
if, was to establish the seat of Government at the
lower fails of the Delaware, without providing
any means for public buildings; and then, by
another ordinance, directed public buildings to
be erected; and they were not erccted because
they could not get money to do it. There was
no condition about it.
Mr. WILSON. I think I understood the Sen-
ator then as now. The;,- could not do it; at any
rate they did not do it. There was a sreat strug-
gle whether the capital -should go there or come
here. These advances, tiiese donations by these
two then important and now important States in
the Union, aided in bringing the capital here. I
believe, therefore, that these were donations—
donations such as are often made by States, by
counties,by cities, by towns, on questions of great
local concern, to the people of the States, counties,
cities, or towns. If it is a debt, it carries with it,
and ought to carry with it, interest. 1 r^-trard it
iti this way: these States advanced this money;
the great consideration of advancing the monev
was that the capital should be established here:
the money was advanced; the capital was estab-
lished here; we have had their money for more
than sixty years. I shall vote to pay the money,
but I do not do it on the ground that it is a debt,
and I cannot so vote for it. 1 believe, if I should
so act, I should act contrary to the history of the
country. I-have studied that history in regard
to this question of the location of the capital with
some little care, for I regard it as having had a
very important influence upon the councils of the
nation. I say to the Senators fr-yn Mary land
and Virginia, you can have ravvote for this bill,
for I would not keep one dollar in the Treasury
the people of your States believe belong to them:
but I shall vote with the full understanding that
the money was advanced as a donation—a dona-
tion your'States did not then suppose would ever
be repaid—a donation the Federal Government
never dreamed of repaying or regarding as a debt
in any sense whatever.
Mr. BRODIIEAD. I rise merely to ask that
the vote be taken. It is my right to renlj* to all
the arguments that have been advanced m favor
' of this bill; but I waive it for the purpose of
having the vote taken.
Mr.'FISH. Mr. President, I shall vote for the
appropriation of this money with great pleasure.
I*do not care to consider the question whether tile
money was originally loaned, or granted. It is
enough for me "that the States new claim it as a
loan, and I am willing to vote to pay it to them.
I am not, however, influenced by the consider-
ation suggested by the Senator tVom South Car-
olina, thai Viigima made a gieat grant of land
northwest of the Ohio, for 1 do not admit that
she ever had any title there. I vote for this bill
on-the pure merits of the ckiitii. I desire, how-
ever, that the money shall be paid to the two
States themselves, and not to the assignees of
either of them. 1 move, therefore, to amend the
bill by striking out the words, " or to the legal
assignees of the said State." Virginia can then
give the money to the railroad company, or ap-
propriate it in such manner as she choose?.
Mr. RUSK. I hope that amendment will not
be adtmted. There has been an act of the Vir-
ginia Legislature transferring this claim to the
railroad company, and I suppose it will go there
anyhow.
Mr. FISH. Let os pay it to the State through
her proper agents, but not to assignees.
Mr. HUNTER. The result will be all the
same.
Mr. FISH. Then we had better strike out
these words.
The amendment was agreed to.
! The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
i and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
J was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
j read the third time, and passed.
; MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
, House had passed the bill (S. No. 485) for the
relief of Martin Milieu, of 0hi5; and the bill (S.
No. 531) for the relief of Jonathan Painter, a
black man, who acted as a spy in the war of
: i«i2.
[ ENROLLED RESOLUTION.
j The message also announced that the Speaker
i of the House of Representatives had signed the
1 enrolled jointresolution providing for the furnish-
1 mg of a complete set of weights and measures to
■ the State of Vermont; and it was signed by the
President pro tempore.
ADDITIONS TO NAVY-YARDS.
Mr. FOOT. I move a reconsideration of the
' vote of the Senate yesterday, by which they or-
dered that the bill (H. R. No. 5fi7) authorizing
! the Secretary of the Navy to purchase additional
grounds adjoining certain navy-yards therein
named, and for other purposes, he on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
to reconsider will be entered.
Mr. FOOT. I shall call it up at a convenient
time.
ALEXANDER MONTGOMERY.
Mr. WELLER. There is a little bill reported
by the Committee on Military Affairs, and which
is row upon the Private Calendar, that I desire
to have taken up. Unless it be acted on very soon
■ there is no probability of our obtaining action.
■ upon it in the House of Representatives. It is
a bill for the relief of Captain Montgomery, of
the Armv.
Mr. SEIDELL. I hope we shall proceed with
, the Private Calendar in its regular order. The
next bill in order is one which I have reported,
t and I am sure there will be no objection to its
passage.
Mr. WELLER. The only reason why I made
that motion was that I perceived the Senate was
about to adjourn. Ordinarily I am in favor of
taking up the bills as thev stand on the Calendar.
ill-. SEIDELL. If it is the disposition of the
Senate to adjourn in a few minutes. I slaii make
no objection to the proposition of the Senator
from California.
! The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, aa
in Committee of ffie Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 53?) for the relief of Cap-
tain Alexander Montgomery, assistant quarter-
master in the United States Army. It proposes
to direct the proper accounting officers of the
Treasury, in settling the accounts of Captain
Alexander Montgomery, as assistant quarter-
master in the United States Array, to allow him a
credit for any balance which may appear against
him upon the books of the Treasury, and accru-
ing du'iitig his service as such quartermaster in
the war with Mexico, in the same manner as if
he presented the proper vouchers tlurefor; but
the amount is not to exceed fT.OoU.
Captain Montgomery, while acting in his official
' capacity during the war in MexitoT w,™,3 chttrged
with the safe-keeping of \ cry large sum's ofraonejr
•a silver coin, without having cc-mpetent means of
securing it agamstrobbi rs, of which that country
was then full. Instead of iron safes, he was com-
pelled to use wooden box^s; and often, when he
had more com than his boxes would contain, he
was forced to pile it upon the floor ot a room
which was only fastened by an ordinary door.
It is by no means surprising that he lost largely
. of tiiese funds; and upon his applic moil to Con-
gress in 18-1S, an act was readily passed relieving
