688
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February IB.
him from liability for losses sustained by him
tinder such circumstanccs. In making up his
accounts at the close of the Mexican war, in 1°48,
the balance against him was stated to be abdut
forty-four thousand dollars, and relief was granted
. for the balance, as it then appeared; but upon
subsequent examination of Captain Montgom-
ery's accounts, it was found that he had entered
to his credit certain amounts to which he sup-
posed himself entitled, but which properly be-
longed to other officers. These sums arose chiefly
from drafts outstanding against him, and which,
through inadvertence in his clerk, were omitted
to be charged to him.
The amount for which he now prays relief is
about seven thousand dollars.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported an
amendment to strike out the words "in the war
with Mexico;" which was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the'third time, and
HIRAM PAULDING.
Mr. FISH. I ask the consent of the Senate
to take up the bill S. No. 524, which passed the
Senate at a previous Congress by a very decided
vote, but was lost for want of time in the House
t>f Representatives. It is a bill for the relief of
Captain Hiram Paulding.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have some remarks to make
on that bill, and I cannot consent to its passage
without being better informed than I am at this
time. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, February 13, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
' The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
CIRCUIT JUDGE OP CALIFORNIA.
- Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to ask, as a personal favor to myself, that the
House will allow to be reported a bill concerning
the salary of the circuit judge of California. It
requires but a word of explanation; I do not know
that it even requires that. I ask this favor be-
cause I expect to be absent necessarily for a few
days, and! desire that the bill shall be disposed
of before I leave. The bill is one in charge of
my friend from New York, [Mr. Wakeman.]
He has been directed to report it by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary. I would consider it a great
personal favor if the bill be allowed to be reported.
After a few words of explanation I do not think
there will be any objection to the bill.
Several Members. What is the explanation ?
Mr. COBB, of Georgia. Then, with the con-
gent of the House, I will make my explanation
bejjre the bill is allowed to be reported. The
circuit judge of California, at the time the office
was created by the last Congress, had his salary
put at the same allowed to the judges of the
Supremo Court. When Congress raised the salary
of the judges of the Supreme Court, as I am
assured by those who had charge of the bill, by
the merest oversight it was neglected to include
J,he circuit judge of California. The result is that
at this time his subordinate, the district judge,
receives $5,000 per annum, while he only receives
$4,500. In consideration of the duties discharged,
and the fact of this officer being stationed on the
Pacific coast, it was intended that the salary of
this circuit judge should be the same as that of
the judges of the Supreme Court. This bill pro-
poses that, and I hope there will be no objection
to allowing it to be reported.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I hope that there will be
no objection to allowing the bill to be reported at
this time.
Mr. SIMMONS. I object to it.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I object. There are
other .judges who are in exactly the same condi-
tion with reference to their salaries.'
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there not a bill
pending, reported last week from the Committee
of the Whoie House, on a motion to recommit
and does it not come up as the first business in
order ?
The SPEAKER. The motion made was not
to recommit, but to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and the bill
is upon the Speaker's table. It will be the first
question in order when the consideration of the
business upon the Speaker's table is resumed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES, ETC.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from the standing committees on private
business only.
Mr. LETCHER. I have a bill which I am
instructed to report. I do not know whether it
would be regarded as a private bill or not. That
is a question, however, for the Speaker to de-
termine. It is a bill for the relief of the Norfolk
and Petersburg Railroad Company.
The SPEAKER. That is a public bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. A resolution was adopted
yesterday terminating the debate upon the prop-
osition to remodel the law of 1846 laying taxes
on imports, and that subject being the special
order, I suppose that it is the first thing in order
this morning, unless there was an exception of
this day contained in the resolution. I suppose,
possibly, that to-day and Monday, or to-morrow
and Monday, it may be that the debate will be
finished under the restrictive resolution of the
House upon that bill. I would like to have some
understanding, so that we may have at least one
day for pertinent and proper debate upon that
bill.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask whether 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not debating.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not under-
stand the gentleman from Alabama as proposing
any question.
Mr. HOUSTON. The Chair will understand
me, then, as proposing a question. I ask if the
special order does not take precedence this day
over private bills ?
The SPEAKER. That question will be first
in order when the House shall resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for tellers.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask the gentleman from
Alabama to withdraw his motion for the present,
until the committees can report.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am willing to accommo-
date the House for an hour, and I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. BISHOP, from the Committee of Claims,
reported that the Committee of Claims, to whom
were referred the following bills from the Court
of Claims, viz: for the relief of David Wood,
merchant, of the city of New York; for the relief
of John Michel, merchant, of the city of New j
York; for the relief of Atkinson, Rollins &. Co.,
merchants, of the city of New York; for the re- !
lief of Aymar & Co., merchants, of the city of j
New York; for the relief of Wolfe & Co., mer- |
chants, of the city of New York; forthe relief of ;
Stamwood & Reed, merchants, of the city of j
Boston; for the relief of Samuel A. Way, mer- i
chant,, of the city of Boston; for the relief of ■
J. D. & M. Williams, merchants, of the city of ;
Boston; for the relief of Udolpho Woolf, mer- j
chant, of the city of New York; for the relief of j
Alfred Atkins, merchant, of the city of New '
York; forthe relief of George W. Wales, mer- ;
chant, of the city of Boston; forthe relief of T. B. !
Wales & Co., merchants, of,the city of Boston; |
have had the same under consideration, and report, i
that concurring in the opinions of Judge Black- '
ford, in the above recited cases, and to which
they refer, they recommend that said bills do not
pass. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that those j
bills be laid upon the table.
Mr. BISHOP. I hope they will be referred to
the Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. HAVEN". I desire to make an inquiry i
for the information of gentlemen around me, as i
there seems to be a controversy about the matter. !
I understand that the Court of Claims report bills j
in favor of the claimants, and that the committee
report against the bills. Is that so ?
The SPEAKER. Such are the facts.
Mr. LETCIIER. "She court is divided in opin-
ion. Judge Blackford dissents from the claims,
and the other judges are in favor of them.
The question was taken upon Mr. Jones's
motion to lay the bills upon the table; and it was
decided in the negative.
The bills were then referred to the Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BISHOP, from the same committee, also
reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Senate alphabetical list of private
claims be printed for the use of the House of Represent-
atives; one copy thereof to be kept in each committee
room, and twenty-five copies in the House Library, for the
use of members.
The SPEAKER. The resolution can be re-
ceived only by unanimous consent.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object.
Mr. BISHOP. I think no gentleman will ob-
ject when the object of the resolution is under-
stood.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object, and call the gentle-
man to order.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (C. C. No. 29) for the relief of Collier
H. Minge, Philip T. EHicott, and Lucretia A.
Brodie, administratrix of Charles Brodie; which
was referred to the Committee of the Whole
House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. KNOWLTON, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, a bill (C. C. No. 25) for the relief of Matthew
G. Emery; which was referred to the Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. BRENTON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reported a bill for the relief of the pur-
chasers, their heirs, or assigns, of a portion of
the sixteenth section, in township six, north of
range nine west, in Sullivan county, Indiana;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed. m
Mr. B., from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Louis A. Reese, of
Indiana, praying for the passage of an act grant-
ing him a bounty land certificate for one hundred
and sixty acres of land, asked that the petitioner
have leave to withdraw from the files the papers
in the case.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
«- Mr. BRENTON. The committee have taken
no action on it, and recommend none.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the withdrawal
of any papers. They will come back here again
after awhile in another shape.
Mr. MACE. The reason of the petitioner
asking leave to have the papers withdrawn, is
simply that he may haxe possession of them for
the purpose of establishing his claim.
Mr. LETCHER. What docs he want with
the papers ? The papers will be here, where they
can be referred to.
Mr. BE.ENTON. The petitioner is a very poor
man. He has prepared these papers with refer-
ence to their use in a court, if he has to go there;
and to save him any trouble or expense in the
matter, the committee have simply requested the
House to let him withdraw the papers without
any action on the part of the House.
Mr. HAVEN. Is there a report in this case ?
Mr. BRENTON. There is no report.
Mr. LETCHER. If he wants to use them in
court I have no objection to his having the ori-
ginals, provided he leaves copies here, to,be pre-
served on file.
Mr. BRENTON. Very well.
There being no objection, leave was granted to
withdraw the papers.
On motion of Mr. THORINGTON, it was
(hdercd, That the Committee on Public Lands be dis-
charged fiom the fuithei consideration of a bill (S. No. 3-20)
for the ichef of Maitm Fenwick, and that the same be re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, reported back, with
a recommendation that it do pass, an act (S. No.
364) for the relief of John Scott, Hill W. House,
and Samuel O. House; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
