THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.''
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 17, 1857.
New Series ... .No. •• 44. •
Mr. WALKER, from the same committee,
also reported back, with a recommendation that
it do pass, an act (S. No. 387) providing for the
regular transmission of the mail on route No.
6849.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not know
how that can be a private bill. The petitioner in
the case has no claim.
The SPEAKER. It seems, from the reading
of the bill, to be an act of general legislation to
increase the compensation of one who has made
a contract with tne Government.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Chair misunder-
stands the effect of this bill. It is not one of
general legislation. It is merely for the purpose
of reletting a contract between Bainbridge, Geor-
gia, and Appalachieola, Florida, to private indi-
viduals—to those now running the mail there, or
to others who may hereafter take it. It is not in
the nature of a public bill. It is one of a private
character altogether.
The bill was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER, from the same committee,
made an adverse report on the memorial of E.
G. & L. F. Rogers; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BARCLAY, from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it
do pass, a bill (H. R. No. 697) authorizing the
settlement of the accounts of Frank S. Holland,
late postmaster at Oregon City, Oregon; which
was referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. BARCLAY, it was
Ordered, Til at the Committee on the Po<;t Office and Post
Roads lie discharged ficrn the lurther consideration of the
petition of J. F. Caldwell, prav:'ntr interest on money with-
held from him by the Post Office Department, and that it
be referred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. WOOD, from the same committee, made
adverse reports on the memorial of James M.
Harris, of Darien, Georgia, and on the petition
of citizens of Alabama in the case of A. B. Hc-
Carty, mail contractor in said State; which were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. W., from the same committee, reported a
billforthe relief of Francis D. P. Leonard; which
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. TRAFTON. I ask to have taken from
the table the report and papers in the case of
Michael Nash, that they may be recommitted to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. How did the
papers get there
The SPEAKER. They were laid an the table
by the order of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
On motion of Mr. SNEED, it was
Ordered, That leave be gi anted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the petition and papers of Robert
King for reference to the Treasury Department.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, it
was
Ordered, That leave he granted for the withdrawal from
the files ofthe House of the petition and papers of Chauncev
Ripley, and that they be referred to the Court of Claims';
also, that leave be granted for the withdrawal from the files
of the House of the petition and papers of Major John Rip-
ley, that they may be returned to the claimant.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union be dis-
charged from the further consideration of House
bill (No. 762) to enable parties to obtain testi-
mony before commissioners in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. McC-ARTY. I object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. This bill is neces-
sary to the ends of justice, and ought to be
passed immediately.
Mr. McCARTY. When the committee have
submitted their reports on private cases I will not
object to what the gentleman asks.
Mr. BARBOUR. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back the peti-
44
tion of David Gordon, praying ffer the settlement
of the claim of the heir of Fisher, with a written
report, and to move that the report be laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed. I will state that
the committee, on investigating the case, find that
existing laws fully provide for its settlement.
The motion was agreed to. ,
Mr. LAKE, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the relief of the citizens
of Newton county, in the State of Mississippi;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William A. Forward;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. MURRAY, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, Senate bill (No. 362)
for the relief of Catharine V. R. Cochrane, sole
surviving child of the late General Philip Schuy-
ler; which was referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
Mr. AKERS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Abram Van Buskirk; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Also, a bill for the relief of the heirs of Cap-
tain Thomas Hazard; which was read a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
Mr. PORTER, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of Dtn-
iel Whitney; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of tlie Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THORINGTON. I am directed by the
Committee on Private Land Claims to report
back Senate bill (No. 485) for the relief of Martin
Millett, of Iowa, with the recommendation thai
it do pass. I ask that it be put on its passage at
this time.
The bill was ordered to be read the third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. THORINGTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed: and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SANDIDGE, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, made an adverse report on the
petition ofWilliam C. Allen, of Louisiana, for the
confirmation of certain land; winch was laid upon
the table, and ordeied to be printed.
Mr. S. from the same committee, reported a bill
for the relief of the heirs and legal representatives
of Pierre Broussard; which was read a fiist and
second time, referred to a Committee ofthe Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. TODD, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill to execute the treaties of
1817 and 1818, with the Cherokee®, by making
provision for the reservations under the same;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. GREEN WOOD, from the same committee,
reported a bill to authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to investigate certain claims of the citi-
zens of California; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That bill is merely di-
rectory to the Secretary, and I ask that it may be
put upon its passage at this time.
The bill was rcau.'
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the bill is not a private bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I trust that gentlemen
will make no objection to putting the bill upon
its passage.
Mr. HERBERT. I desire to state, for tiie in-
formation of the House, that there are a great
many of these claims standing out. The parties
interested in them have been subjected to great
expense in visiting Washington for the purpose
of having them settled. Up to the present time,
the Secretary of the Interior has refused even to
investigate their accounts, simply because he has
no authority to do so. This bill merely author-
ises him to examine the accounts, and report the
facts to the House. I hope no objection will be
made-gMsd that the bill may pass.
Mr.^ONES, ofTennessee. I object.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I.hope the bill will be
referred to the Committee of the Whole-en the
state of the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And not to be
brought back here upon a motion to reconsider.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I prefer to withdraw
the bill.
The bill was withdrawn.
Mr. QUITMAN, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, made an adverse report upon the
petition of Colonel A. W. Doniphan; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SAPP, from the same committee, reported
back, with an amendment in the nature of a sub-
stitute, a bill (H. R. No. 735) for the relief of
Thomas Phoenix, Junior; which was referred to
a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. S. also, from the same committee, reported
back, with a recommendation that it do pass, a
bill (S. No. 331) for the relief of Jonathan Paint-
er, a black man. who acted as a spy in the war
of 1812.
Mr, SAPP. I wish to say to the House that
this bill passed the Senate Committee on Military
Affairs, and our Committee on Military Affairs,
by unanimous consent. It is to give a perssiou
to an old soldier; and I ask that it maf be pat
upon its passage at this time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place the name of Jonathan Painter, a black
man, on the pension list, at the rate of eight dol-
I lars per month, to commence on the 4th of Sep-
| te-mber, 1856, and to continue during his life. •
| It appears from the report that the petitioner,
! Painter, vras one of a few Wyandot Indians that
aided the Americans in the war of 1812, and that
he rendered valuable services in the capacity of a
spy; that in the battle of Maguaga and Browns-
town, he received the special commendation of
, the officers in command: and his services m car-
rying messages through hostile regions from mis
command to another were highly appreciated by
the officers needing such services. Hon. Lewis
j Cass, in a letter dated Washington, January 6,
1867, says: "111 1S12, Painter was a powerful,
' active young man. He had been taken prisoner
i in early life by the Wyandots, and had become
: an Indian in all his habits and feelings. H< was
, living at Upper Sandusky, and immediately fa-
i vored the American cause, and continued faith-
i fully attached to it thiougll the whole war. He
: was confidentially employed by General Harrison
1 in scouring the country as a guide and spv, and
| with messages to the Indians. He acted with
1 fidelity and bravery, and exercised a good deal
: of influence over the Wyandots, many of whom
t were thus prevented from juimrs the enemy. He
is now old, pour, and h: ljdess, and certainly some
provision should be made for him."
\ The bill was ordered tj be read a third time;
' and it was accordingly read, the third time, and
! passed.
I Mr. S. moved to reconsider the vote by which
! the bill was passed, and also moved to lay the
i motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
i Mr. S., from the same committee, mads an
! adverse report on the memorial of Daniel Tr*ad-
; well, of Massachusetts, praying for an appro-
' priation to enable him to te t the practicability
