690
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
of constructing cannon of great caliber; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. S. asked, and obtained, leave to make two
clerical corrections in House bills Nos. 719 and
765, reported from the Committee on Mmtary
Affairs on the last occasion of presenting reports.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, from the
same committee, reported back with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. ^o. oo4)
■> .i  :^o<-.t avttitlori  • £^xi
to extend the provisions of an act entitled
act in addition to certain acts granting bounty
land to certain officers anil soldiers who have been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," to the officers and soldiers of Major
David Bailey's battalion of Cook county, Illi-
nois, volunteers, and asked that the bill might be
put upon its passage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is not a
private bill. ♦
The SPEAKER. It does not appeat to the
Chair to be a private bill.
Mr. "WASHBXJRNE, of Illinois. Irk a bill
for the relief of individuals.
Mr. McMULLlN. I object to it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, o-f Wisconsin. I beg
my friend from Virginia to withdraw his objec-
tion. . ,
Mr. McMULLlN. Rut it is not a private bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bounty land
act now gives land to those who have served four-
teen days, including travel, if they were mustered
into service, either by the State or by the United
States, and who were paid by the United States,
t either in war or in peace. I think that is extend-
• ins the law far enough.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. I will
state what the difficulty in this case is. These
parties served much longer than is required by
the act of 1855, but by some mistake or accident i
on the part of their officers, they were not paid, j
The act of 1855 requires not only that they shall j
have served, but that they shall have been paid
by the "United States. They were not paid.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. They are not en-
titled, if they wcro never paid.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. Let the
report be read.
' Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What is the use,,
if it is not a private bill ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is not a
bill for the relief of individuals.
Mr. QUITMAN. It strikes me that this bill
is, in every respect, a private bill. Itis a bill for
the relief of certain individuals composing the
command of a certain officer. It is for their spe-
cial relief, and is not, therefore, a public bill.
The SPEAKER. As stated by the gentleman
from Mississippi, it certainly is a private bill, but
the title does not accord with that idea.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is a bill to amend
the general bounty land law of 1855-56.
The report was read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
. bill may be received. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is certainly an
amendment to the bounty land law.
The SPEAKER. It is a bill for the benefit of
certain officers and soldiers m a certain company,
although the title of the bill is clearly tho titl?of
a public bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no evi-
dence that they were called for or mustered into
the service of the United States; no evidence that
they were ever paid by anybody. I
Mr. WOODWORTH. Mr. Speaker, if the i
House will indulge rne one moment, I will state ]
the facts in this case. When they are stated in i
the hearing of members, I am sure there can be j
no objection to the passage of the bill. The objcct j
of the bill is merely to supply an omission of the i
proper officers, who failed to return tho names of '
the members of this battalion to the War Depart- j
ment. The Commissioner of Pensions refuses to j
grant these soldiers bounty land, upon the ground I
that they have never, as required by the law, re- j
ceived pay for their service; yet they wore mus- i
tered into the military pcrvice of the United States, i
This battalion was raised by Major David Bailey, I
then in the United States service, during the Black j
Hawk war. This forca was absolutely necessary
for the protection of tho frontier settlements.
They were in service more than a month, and
until tie regular troopa of the United States came
to the relief of that section of the country.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. -Were they mus-
tered into the service of the United States?
Mr. WOODWORTH. They were mustered
in the United States service, and by Major Bailey.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. It is per-
fectly immaterial whether they were mustered
into the service^pf the United States or not.
passed an act at the last session of Congress which
provides that parties shall be entitled to bounty
land if they served, whether they were mustered
into service or not.
Mr. WOODWORTH. Such is the fact. But
these men were mustered into the servicc. This
bill only proposes to give the benefits of the
bounty land act to these men, as they have been
extended to others. It proposes to supply an
omission of their commanding officer in failing to
make the proper return to the War Department.
They do not ask for their pay **hey ask only for
the benefit of the bounty land act. If the proper
return had been made, and they had received their
pay, there would now have been no necessity for
them to ask Congress for relief. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. MORRISON. I ask my colleague to with-
draw the call for the previous question; I will
renew it.
Mr. WOODWORTH. I withdraw the call on
that condition.
Mr. MORRISON. The honorable gentleman
from Tennessee misunderstood the report of the
committee which was read, or else I did. He
remarked that there was no evidence in that report
to show that these soldiers had been mustered
into the service of the United States. If I under- !
stood it correctly, U gave the declaration of the |
then acting Governor of Illinois, and the com- i
mander-in-chief of its militia, that these troops I
had been mustered into the service of the United j
States, and that they served. As I understand ;
from my colleague, this bill is to supply a casus j
omissus on the part of the officers in command, ,
whose duty it was to return to the War Depart- ;
ment the roll of these troops. That roll never
having been returned, although they were mus-
tered into the service, they have never received
any pay or any benefit under the bounty land
act.
Mr. LETCHER. If they were mustered into
the service of the United States, what officer re-
ceived them, and where is the evidence of that
fact ?
Mr. WOODWORTH. Major Bailey mustered
them into the service.
Mr. MORRISON. I renew the call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The biil was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord*
ingly read the third time.
Mr. WA SHBURNE, of Wisconsin, called for
the previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the bill
be laid upon the table; and upon that motion de-
manded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
•The bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The Utter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ALLISON, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged A om the farther consideration of the petition of cit-
izens of Salem, Massachusetts, praying bounty lands for
services in the war of 1812; and that the same be laid upon
the table.
On motion of Mr, CLARKE, of New York,
it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the biil (II. It. No.
131) to extend an act entitled "An act to amend an act
supplementary to an act entitled ' An act to provide for the
prosecution of the existing war between the United States
and the Republic of Mexico, and for other purposes,'" and
that tho same be laid on the table.
Mr. BENSON, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do pass, an act (S. No. 361) for the benefit
of the captors of the British brig Caledonia in the
war of 1812; which was referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed,
Mr. STRANAHAN, from the same commit-
tee, made adverse reports on the several "petitions
of Dawson Phcenix, a midshipman in the ser-
vice of the United States; of Mr. Dick, of Penn-
sylvania, for the establishment of a navy-yard;
and of Charles Alcott, of Medina county, Ohio,
for an alleged violation of his patent; winch were
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. AIKEN, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of William
Rich; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROOM, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, a bill (H. R. No.
236) for the relief of Mary Harris, wife of New-
some Harris; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed.
Also the following bills; which were severally
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of .the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed:
An act for the relief of the surviving children
of Sarah Swartwout;
A bill for the relief'of Elizabeth Bausmaii;
A bill to place the name of Zeplianiah Halsey,
of New York, on the pension roll, under the act
of June 7, 1832;
A bill for the relief of the surviving; children of
Susannah Scott, deceased, of New York; and
A bill for the relief of Mary Bell, of Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. 13., from the same committee, reported a
bill to amend the pension laws therein mentioned;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. BROOM. I desire to submit a resolution
from the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
I ask that it may be considered at this time. It
is as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions be discharged f1*om the further consideration of the
petition of Nancy Madison and ethers, praying to be paid
arrears of pension under the second section of the act of
February 3,1853, and that the same be referred to the Com-
mittee ot Ways and Means, with instructions to ascertain
and repoit to the House what sum will be necessary to pay
ali arreaisof pensions under said second section of said act,
from the 4th March. 1848, to the 3d Februarj, 1853.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to the last part of
that resolution. If the gentleman wants the bill
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
let it go there without instructions.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported the
following bills; which were severally read a first
and second time, referred to a Committee of the
Whole House, and ordered to be printed:
A bill for the relief of Aureha Fish, widow of
Nathaniel Stowell, a sergeant of the Revolution;
and
A bill for the relief of the children of Elnathan
Sears, an officer of the Revolution.
Mr. ROBBINS, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of William
Sutz; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. DICKSON, from the same committee, re-
ported the following bills; which were severally
read a first and second time, referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and ordered to be
printed:
A bill for the relief of Isaiah W. Green, of
New York; and
A bill for the relief of Lieutenant Thompson
H. Crosby.
Mr. FLORENCE, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of William Thomp-
son, for an increase of pension; which was read
a first end second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Daniel Wacaser;
which was read a first and second time'.
