1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
Mr. LUMPKIN. I a3k to put that bill upon
its passage.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed ana read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. L. moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed, and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Sampson Hayes, a
soldier in the Mexican war; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. LUMPKIN. I ask that the bill may be
considered at this time. I will state to the House
that I would not ask that it be put upon its
passage, but for the simple fact that the papers
on file in the Pension Office had been mislaid, and
it was impossible for the committee to get pes- |
session of them till a late day. i
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to i
place on the roll of invalid pensioners the name of j
Sampson Hayes, at the rate of eight dollars per j
month from the 3d December, 1855, during his j
natural life. I
Mr. LUMPKIN. I would state to the com- '
mittee that the party contracted a disease in the ■
service of the United States in Mexico, and that •
he was disabled, and continues totally disabled
from that time to this.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. L. moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was passed, and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion-was agreed to.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Elkanah English,
and a bill for the relief of Michael Hanson; which
were severally read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House, and
ordered to be printed. ■
Mr. L., from the same committee, made an ad-
verse report on the petition of William T. Prodis,
praying a pension for services in the war of 1812;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a joint resolution
providing for furnishing a complete set of weights
and measures to the State of Vermont; when the
Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE- SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that that body had passed House bills of
the following titles:
An act (No. 781) to incorporate an insurance
company in the city of Washington; and an act
(No. 806) to incorporate the Columbia Institu-
tion for the instruction of the deaf and dumb and
the blind.
Also notifying the House that the Senate had
non-concurred in the amendments of the House to
theScaate amendments,and insisted on the Senate
amendments to the Military Academy appropria-
tion bill, and asked for a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on said amend-
ments, and had appointed Messrs. Stuart, Jon'es
of Tennessee, and Johnson, managers of such
conference on its part.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
conference asked for by the Senate be agreed to.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
Campbell of Ohio, Clingman, and DeWitt,
managers on the part of the House.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidn-ey Web-
ster, his Private Secretary; also a message in-
forming the House thatthe President had this day
approved and signed a bill for the relief of Joseph
D. Beers, of the city of New York.
HAYWARD PATENT.
Mr. CHAFFEE, from the Committee on Pat-
ents, reported back a bill (S. No. 414) for the
relief of Nathaniel Hayward, and called the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PAINE presented a minority report on
the same subject, and asked that it be printed.
It was so ordered.
Mr. WHITNEY. We had the same bill
reported before from the Committee on Patents.
How does it come here again ?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. •
CORRECTION OF THE JOURNAL.
Mr. EURNETT. I rise to a question of priv-
, ilege. On examining thp. Journal I find that on
the vote on the passage of the bill making appro-
I priation for a wagon road to the Pacific coast my
■ name is not recorded. I opposed that bill in ail
its stages, and voted against it on its passage. I
| desire "the unanimous consent of the House that
i the Journal may be corrected, so as to show that
! fact.
I It was so ordered.
; Mr. JONES, ofTenr.essee,moved thattherules
! be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the stato of the
' Union; and upon that motion demanded the yeas
and nays.
i The yeas and nays were ordered.
; The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 79, nays 99; as follows:
YEAS — Me=sr,-. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Allison. Barks-
dale, Hendley S. Bennett, Boeoek, Eoyce, Branch, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, Lewis 0. Campbell, Caskie, Clingman,
Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Craige, Crasvford,
Cullen, Damrell, Day, Dowdell, Durfee. Edmundson, Eng-
lish, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry >1. Fuller, Thomas
J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Garnelt, Goodc, Robert B. Hall,
Itarlan, J. Morri-on Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Harrison,
I Haven, Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones, J. Glancy
Jones, Kelly, Knight, Kunkel, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin,
Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, Moore, Morn-
son, Mott, Nichols, Mordecai Oliver, Paine, Parker, Pringle,
Puryear, Quitman, Reade. Ruffln, Shorter, Samuel A. ]
Smith, William R. Smith, Siieed, Stanton, Talbott, Tnppe, ;
Underwood, Vail, Walker, Watkins, Wheeler, Whitney,
John V. Wright, and Zolheoffer—79 ;
NAYS —Messrs. Akeis, Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Bingham, Bli^--. Bov. m, Bradshaw, Broom. Buf-
fill ion, Bulhngame, John P. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard
Clarke, dawson, Colfax. Comms, Covude, Cox, Cragm,
Davidson. Jacob C. Davis. Timothy Davis, Dean, Denver,
De Witt, Dick, Dick-on, Dodd, Edvi ards, Emrie, Etheridge,
Eustis, Flakier, Gilbeit. Granger, Greenwood, Herbert,
Hodges, Ilollowav, Thomas R. florton, Valentine B, Hor-
ton, Howard, Hugll^ton, Jewett. King. Knapp, Knowlton,
Leiter, Mace, MeCarty, Kilhan Miller. Millward, Morgan,
Morrill. Murrav. Norton. Andrew Oliver, Pelton, Perry,
j Pettit, Pike, Porter, Powell, Purviance, Ready, Kieaud,
> Roberts, Sabin,-Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Scott, Seward,
\ Sherman, Simmon*, Spinner, Stewart,Stranahan,Taylor,
1 Thorington, Thui^lon, Todd. Trafum, Wade, Wakeinan,
■ Walbridee, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wasliburne, Ellihu
| B. Wasliburne, Israel Washburu. Watson. Welch, WU
i liams, Wmslow, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—99.
' So the motion was disagreed'to.
i Pending the call of the roll,
J Mr. COVODE stated that his colleague, Mr.
j Hickmak, had been called home by sickness in
! his family.
| Mr. W'HITNEY. I move that the House re-
I| solve itself into a Committee of the Whole House
1' on the Private Calendar.
Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman to with-
■ ' draw that motion, so that we may go to the pri-
j' vate business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. WHITNEY. I am desirous that the
House shall proceed to the consideration of the
i bills on the Private Calendar, and I must decline
to withdraw mv motion.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I hope, by unanimous
consent, this may be considered objection day in
i the Committee of the Whole House.
- Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. WHITNEY demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. DAVIDSON demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
: Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Winslow
and Pelton were appointed.
> The House divided; and the tellers reported—
, ayes thirty-six, (more than one-iifth of a quorum.)
j So the yeas and nays were ordered.
I The question was taken; and it was decided in
■ the affirmative—yeas9'J, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Ball, Barbour, Baikstlale. Hend-
, lev S. Bennett, Bowie. Branch, Brenton, Broom, Burnett,
i - Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Caskie, Bayard Clarke,
Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige. Craw-
ford, Cullen, Damrell, Davidson, Day, Denver, Dickson,
1 Dowdell, Durfee, Edmundson, Elliott. English, Etheridge,
'■ Florence, Foster, Hemy M. Fuilrr, ThomasD. Fuller,
I; Ooode, Augustus Hall, Robert I!. Hall. Harlan. J. Morrison
:| Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hott'man,
i Valentine IS Ilorton, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kelly,
. Knox, Lake, Alexander K. Marshall, Humphiey Marshall,
!■ Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeCsrtj. Killian Miller.
! Millward. Moore, Morrison, Mott. Andrew Oliver, Morde-
cai Oliver, Paine, Parker, Pennington, Pitce, Pringfc,
man, Reade, Ricaud, Kobhins, Bobison, Ruffin, BaiKMdee,
Savage, Seott, Sherman, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stantbn, Stewart,
Taylor, Thorington, Trafton, Trippe, Tyson, t;ndefwo«d.
Vail. Wade, Walker, Walton, Wheeler, Wliitnev, ■U
B. Wright. John V. Wright, and Zollieoffer—99,
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Henry Bennett,
i Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bocock, Rradsbaw, Bu(Tinsow*
1; Burlmgamc, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
j! Clawson, HoweR Cobb, Colfax, Comlns, Covode, Cragiii,
j! Cumbaek, Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy
|' Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dodd, Edwards, JEmrie, Eus-
; ti--, Faulkner, Flagler, Galloway, Garnett, Granger, Greeit-
; wood, Herbert, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Houston,
! Howard, Hiigh-,ton, J. Glaney Jones, King, Knapp, Knight,
'| Knowlton, Kunkel, Leiter, Letclier. Lumpkin, Mace, Mc-
|j Mullm, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Pelton,
: Perry, Pettit, Puryear, Ready, Roberts, Sabm, Sage, Sapp,
r Seward, Simmons, Spinner, Stranahan, Talliott, Thurston,
, Wakeman, Waibridge, Cadwalader C. Wasbburne, Bliihu
B. Washbume, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Welch, Wil-
liams, Wood, "Woodruff, and Woodworth—65.
■ So the motion was agreed to.
REFERENCE OF SENATE BILLS.
! ThesPEAKER, before announcing the result
;• of the vote, by unanimous consent took from the
Speaker's table Senate bills of the following titles;
f which were read a first and second time, and re-
ferred as indicated below:
An act (No. 565) for the relief of John W.
Chevis, of Louisiana. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 568) for the relief of Moses Olm-
stead, of Ohio. Referred to the Committee oil
Invalid Pensions.
An act (No. 57) for the relief of Puig, Mir &
Co., of New Orleans. Referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
An act (No. 349) for the relief of Jean B. and
Pelagie Faribault. Referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The House then resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, (Mr. Todd in the chair,)
and proceeded to'consider the bills on the Private
Calendar, in their or do?.
MICHAEL NOURSE.
The hill first in order upon the Calendar was
a bill (C. C. No. 8) for the relief of Michael
Nourse.
Mr. HAVEN. I submit to the committee that,
inasmuch as we were assured, when the last de-
bate was had, that tHis billand the next one were
of the same character as the Dickins claim, we
lay them aside at once. We have debated them
fully, and, if it is the pleasure of the committee, I
move that they be reported to the House, with
the recommendation that they do pass.
Mr. WHEELER. I move that they be laid
aside to be reported to the House, with the rec-
ommendation that they do not pass.
'■ Mr. WINSLOW. That motion is in accord-
i ance with the recommendation of the Committee
' of Claims, and I think we should follow the rec-
> ommendation of that committee.
I The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will put the
li question upon the first motion.
j Air. SNEED. I submit whether it is in order
i to pass over the recommendation of the Commit-
tee of Claims in that way. The committee have
|| recommended that these bills do not pass; and I
; insist that that is the first motion to be put to the
!; House.
j The CHAIRMAN. The motion having been #
!; submitted by the gentleman from New York, it
'! isundoubtedly in order to put it to the committee.
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 would inquire if there is -
an amendment to either of those bills?
i' The CHAIRMAN. I am informed that there
|; is an amendment to the Michael Nourse bill.
II The amendment was read, as followsi
ji Proiidcd, The said Xourse shall not, in the adjustment
; of his account by the officers of the Treusun, be allowed
j; tor anvportion oi" time subsequent to the date "of September
r s, 183T.
|| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It was intended thnt
1 another amendment siiould be made to that bill,
i' providing that he should be charged with any
I' salary he may have teceived in any other efcir-
; acter than that in which he acted. I understand
/ he was chief clcrk, and acted as Register oi the
Treasury. I move an amendment, to the elTect
i that the amount received by him as chief clerk be
i; deducted from the salary he received as Register
of the Treasury.
!; Mr. LETCHER. I desire to say a word upon
is the amendment of my friend from Virgin in. I
