692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
desire td call the attention of the House to the
fact that those who have sustained the claims of
Nourse and Dickins have putit upon the ground
that the Court of Claims ought to be sustained
bv^is body. The argument has been that they
vpaRed to give force and effect and character and
stability to this court, and in order to do that
•fhey want the action of this court indorsed in the
House.- Now, sir, so far as this C.ourt of Claims
is concerned, in regard to all these claims, it has
not only reported the compensation for extra ser-
vices, but also the compensation for services as
chief clerk in each one of these cases.
I merely call attention to it now, in order that
the House may understand the position that ha&
been taken by the friends of the Court of Claims m
connection with this matter, and the action they
propose to inaugurate at this time. They there-
fore occupy no better position in reference to this
matter than the Committee of Claims. They re-
port against the whole, and avow that the court
was wrong as to at least a part. £g|
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I take this occa-
sion to say that the gentleman puts this question,
as I understand it, upon undoubtedly an unsound
ground. If I understand it, there are two im-
portant principles involved. One is connected
with the action of the Court of Claims, which, I
concede, I have said ought to be4reatcd us piima
facie correct. The other is that the party claim-
ing should not be allowed double compensation
—that is, that he should not be allowed pay as
chief clerk while at the same time he r^peived
pay for performing the duty of Register during
. the period he was performing the other duty.
Hence it is that 1 interpose an amendment that
the amount he received as clerk should bo de-
ducted from the amount appropriated by the bill,
as the compensation for his services while offi-
ciating in the higher character of Register, the
objeet being to deduct the pay already rcccived
by him as chief clerk from that proposed to be
allowed him while acting as Register of the
Treasury.
The amendment, as suggested by Mr. Smith,
of Virginia, was then read, as follows:
Strike out the words, "the sum of §2,827 39,*' and in-
sert tiie words, " a salary oi $3,000 while acting as Register
of the Treasury, lo&s the sum he may have received as
chief clerk wlnie acting in said chaiacter."
Mr. LETCHER. * I propose to amend the
amendment of my colleague by adding:
Provided, That nothing shall be paid alter the date of the
passage of the act of Jbl2.
The CHAIRMAN. There is already an
amendment to an amendment, and no further
amendment is in order. The amendment of the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] is an amend-
ment to the amendment which was olTered by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] and
which has been read.
The question was taken; and Mr. Smith's
amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Letcher's
amendment, as follows:
Provided, That the ^aid Nouisc shall not, in the adjust-
ment of his accounts by the officers of the Treasury, be
allowed for any portion of time subsequent to the date of
September 2, 1837.
The amendment was not agreed to.
. Mr. HAVEN. I now renew my motion that
* the bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. GREENWOOD called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
Mr; GREENWOOD. I now move that these
two bills be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that they do not pass.
Mr. LETCHER. That motion cannot be
made, because the Dickins bill is already in the
House, and the only bill under consideration is
the Nourse bill.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then I make the mo-
tion in reference to the Nourse bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What was the
order closing debate on this bill? Was it not
that when the committee voted on the amend-
ments pending, and that might be offered, the
committee should rise and report the bill to the
House?
The CHAIRMAN. The two bills were in-
cluded withm the same order.
The question was taken on Mr. Greenwood's
motion; and it was agreed to.
A bill (C. C. No. 5) for the relief of John Robb.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I make the same motion
m reference to this bill.
The motion was agreed to.
J. H. F. THORNTON AND OTHERS.
A bill (H. II- No. 330) for the relief of J. H.
F. Thornton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and Hay T.
Taliaferro, sureties of D. M. F. Thornton, late a
, purser in the Navy of the United States.
| The bill directs that, in conformity with the
; principle of the report of the Committee on the
I Judiciary, made July 26, 1654, J. H. F. Thorn-
ton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and Hay T. Taliaferro,
be released from their liability as sureties on the
bonds of D.M. F.Thornton, late a purser in the
Navy of the United States, executed September
3, 1840, and March 30, 1846.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill is to
release the sureties of Mr. Thornton from the lia-
bilities on their bonds of 1640 and 1846. I have
a letter here from the Fourth Auditor, who settled
the accounts of this officer, in which he says:
" X have the honor to state that I suppose a disbursing
officer to be a dciauiter when, atter having been detached
Iroiti duty by oidei of the Department, and having conse-
quently ceased to disburse, and his account having been
stated by the accounting officer-., he nc^eets to pay into the
Treasury the balance found to be due liom him. In this
of the term, Mr. Thoinron was a defaulter when his
bonds of September 3,1840. and Mai eh 30, lb-16, were given,
but not when he executed those of January 6, 1827, and
September I, IS:}!)."
The bill is to release his securities from the two
bonds given at the time when the Auditor says
lie was a defaulter. If so, I think the error was
one committed by the officers of the Government,
who knew that fact, in taking the bonds from Mr.
Thornton and his securities, and that the securi-
ties should not be made to suffer from it.
The report was read as follows:
That D. P. M. Thornton was appointed a purser in the
Navy of the United States, and gave bond, dated January
0, 1827, in the penal euin of .-$23,000. with John II. F. Thoin-
; ton, Charles Thornton, Cwle Fitzhugh, George H. P.Thorn-
j ton, Francis Taliaferro, William T. Thornton, and Hay
Taliaferro, as sureties; that, in the year 1829, September
i 1, a second bond for a similar amount was given, with Hay
} Taliaferro and J. II. F. Thornton as sureties ; that, in 1840,
j a third bond was given, with G. II. F.Thornton, II. T.
i Tahalorio, and Law. II. TuliaiVno, as (sureties; that, in
; 18-itf, a (ninth bond was given, witn J II. F. Thornton, H.
; 'J1. Taliaferro, and L. II, Taliaferro, as sureties. It appears,
i irom an orncial statement made by the Fourth Auditor of
j the Treasury, that on the l;>th of October, 1840, an official
\ balance of .$.5,138 19 was declared against Puiser Thoin-
j ton; that on the 6th of November, IN 16, a balance of
•j £r28.rj9'/ 46 was declared agam>r liim; and on the 22d of
if Jul), l-r>0, a balance of £2,141) .">1 wa^ dedarr d agaant him
II under hi* bond of ic-27. I)urm<r the lime, viz : between
i; the e.\ecutiun of the bond o[ 1827 and lc.^0. Mr. Thornton,
ji a-* puiseiwva-; oideied to >ea a numbei of times,in express
violation of the regulations of the Navy Department, one
of which declares:
" Before a purser can receivc orders to join a ship or sta-
tion, or he removed fiom one ship or station to another, he
muft produce a certificate from the Fomth Auditor of the
Treasury, or other satisfactory evidence, that he has settled
up his accounts for the last ship or station to which he be-
longed, and that the balance against him does not cxceed
§1,UOO. 
Theie can be no question about the default of Purser
| Thornton at the time of the execution of the thud and
fourth bonds, that fact being fully admitted m the statement
from the pepartment; and it aKo appears, from satisfactory
evidence, that the memorialists were entirely ignorant ot
the default at the time of executing the bonds aforesaid, and
consequently were not prepared to protect themselves fiom
loss by the defalcation of Thornton. It is not for the com-
mittee to inquire why Purser Thornton was ordered to sea
and other duty while the «.e\*eral balances remained against
him ; it is sufficient, m this case, to know the fact, that
when the memorialists became his sureties, there was a
large balance standing U£ram3t him on the books of the
Foutth Auditor of the Treasury, and that Thornton was
ordered to duty in violation of the regulation heretofore
quoted.
Your committee are of opinion that the memorialists are
not bound m equity or justice to pay the amount claimed
by the United States in virtue of said bonds, from the fact
of their not receiving any official oi othei mtormation as to
the state of Tnornton's accounts, and the violation of their
own rules m ordering said Thornton to ^ea while m default;
they therefore consider them entitled to the reheffor which
they pray, and herewith report a bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Chairman, I rise with
great reluctance to express an opinion in opposi-
tion to the report of the Committee on the Judi-
ciary—a committee composed of gentlemen of so
much intelligence, and for whose opinions I have
so much respect—but I cannot allow this oppor-
tunity to pass without stating my dissent from
Uie_ propositions o€ law asserted m that report.
This, Mr. Chairman, is a proposition to give relief
to individuals who have become the sureties of a
public officer. The committee place that proposi-
tion upon the ground that the officer was a de-
faulter at the time the particular bond was signed
on which the responsibility of the persons named
in the bill grew up; that, in consequence of the
existence of that fact, the Government of the
United States was bound to give information to
the whole world; and that anybody who came
forward to be the sccunty of the defaulter was
not bound m law or in equity. The laws on this
subject are intended for the protection of the
United States.
Mr. CASKIE. I know, Mr. Chairman, the
gentleman from Louisiana wishes to judge im-
partially, and upon all the facts m this case.
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Joxf.s,]
with a strong impression against this bill, has,
after thorough investigation of it, and correspond-
ence with the Navy Department, come at last
to the conclusion that it is right, and ought to
pass. I will state the ground on which I con-
sider the present application mainly to rest; and
if I am wrong in my statement of facts, 1 trust
the gentleman from Tennessee, or any other gen-
tleman, will correct me. Thcie is a regulation of
the Navy Department which provides that no
person shall be ordered to a ship, or taken from
one station and ordered to another, who is in debt
to the Government more than one thousand dol-
lars. Thai is the public regulation of the Navy
Department. It is known to the world, and fur-
nishes an assurance to any gentleman who is
asked to be the surety of a purser, that that pur-
ser is not in debt to the Government more than a
thousand dollars when he finds him ordered to a
new ship or station. During a long series of
years this Purser Thornton was permitted to
remain in the Navy with a constantly accumulat-
ing debt to the Government. He was ordered
from ship to ship and station to station, when he
not only owed the Government more than one
thousand dollars, but an amount which gradually
increased up to twenty-live thousand dollars.
My friend from Tennessee has a letter on this
subject from the Fourth Auditor, which he has
shown to me, and from which he has read an
extract, and I wish the whole of it might be read
to the House. The only excuse of the Auditor
for not complying with this public and published
regulation, is that it had become obsolete ! I in-
voke the judgment, not only of the House gener-
ally, but of the gentleman "from Louisiana espe-
cially, on the facts I have presented. I am thfc
representative of one of these sureties, who prays
. for relief; but I surely desire nothing in the
| world but a thorough examination of, and delib-
erate judgment upon, this bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will read what
the Auditor says of that regulation m the letter
referred to:
"The rule referred to m the repoit of the committee in
the case of Mi. Thornton's sureties, which provides that,
before a pert-on can receive orders to join a ship or station,
he mu-t produce a ceitificate fiom the Fourth Auditor that
he has settled his account, and that the balance asamst him
does not exceed $3,000, has been long obsolete ; and -at the
time the bonds m question were given, it was never ob-
served."
The part on which I base my position is that
where the Auditor says the bonds referred to in
the bill now und^ consideration were given when
Mr. Thornton, the purser, was a defaulter to the
Government.
Mr. TAYLOR. I am aware that my friend
from Virginia would not desire, however much
his feelings might be enlisted in behalf of these
claimants, to have any measure pass this House
which was not sanctioned by justice and corrcct
principle. After listening to the detail of the facts
of this case, as they have been presented, I have
arrived at a conclusion different from that of the
committee reporting the bill. With the indul-
gence of the committee I will give the opinion I
entertain on the subject.
The Government of the United States, with a
view to protect itself against the malversations
of its officers, has adopted various laws requiring
that officers charged with the disbursement of
public money shall give securities for the faithful
performance of their official duties. For its own
convenience, and with a view to its own interest,
it has adopted a regulation of the character spoken
of. If any of the public officers charged to super-
vise the accounts of a disbursing officer becomes
