1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
0m
£
aware that that officer has not complied with the
requisitions of that branch of the service, and set-
tled his accounts, but is in arrears—if he sees'fit
to disregard his official duty, and give that officer
employment in violation of a public regulation,
he is a wrong doer. But,* sir, 1, for one, do not
believe the public can suffer, or that there can be
an equitable claim on the part of persons situated
as these gentlemen are, to the relief they seek, be-
cause of the delinquency of another public officer.
This is one side of the transaction.
Now, these gentlemen are securities for a de-
faulting officer. They signed his bond after he
had became so; but they incurred no liability in
signing his bond at any particular time for his
previous misconduct. Their responsibility was
limited to the acts done by their principal after
the date of the bond signed. "When persons come
forward to become the sureties of any person,
they become the vouchers for his character—they
become the vouchers for the integrity of his con-
duct—and they answer for him to the Govern-
ment. When men become the sureties of others,
they do it upon their knowledge of their individual
habits; upon their knowledge of their business
qualifications; upon their knowledge of their
means; and upon the knowledge which they be-
lieve they have of their personal honor. If the
particular knowledge in these respects which they
have is not of a character to give them the fullest
assurance, it is their duty to themselves to make
inquiries of the public Departments in reference to
the position of the accounts of the officer. When a
erson becomes surety of another, he does it upon
is own convictions of his integrity. He can, if
he have the slightest doubt—and as a prudent
man he ought to—inquire into his previous trans-
actions, if he occupies a public position in which
he has before been charged with the custody of
public funds. If he fail to do this, and neglect
to exercise that common and ordinary precaution
when the Government is concerned, he has not
only no more legal right, but no more equitable
right than he would have had if the transaction
had been between the one who became surety of a
private individual with respect to another private
person.
Sir, if the proposed action be carried out, it
will have the effect to cause the Government of
the United States to adopt a rule which cannot
be adopted or carried into effect between private
parties. It, in point of fact, is equivalent to a
declaration that the Government is bound to give
notice to persons proposing to become the sure-
ties of those previously in the public service of
the situation of their accounts. This, in my
opinion, is wrong. Besides, it will have the effect
of making the Government of the United States
responsible for personal delinquency of every
officeholder. For one, 1 am unwilling by my vote,
or even by my silence, to sanction any proposi-
tion which I think involves such a result.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not concur in the views
which have just been presented by my friend from
Louisiana. I generally concur with him, but in
this instance I think there is a defect in his argu-
ment which I will endeavor to point out. He
says, if you adopt the principle recognized in this
bill, you release individuals from that diligence
and care which ought to characterize them when
they determine to become sureties for a purser,
or other agent, of whom the surety is required
by the Government for the faithful discharge of
Ins duty. Now, it seems to me, that my friend
from Louisiana is mistaken in his view of the
case.
Certain duties are devolved upon our officers of
the Government, which, if properly discharged,
would place those parties who are likely to become
sureties upon their guard, and set them upon the
track of inquiry; because the rule established for
cases of this kind requires that, before a purser
can receive orders to join a ship or station, or be
removed from one ship or station to another, he
must produce acertificate from the Fourth Auditor
of the Treasury, or other satisfactory evidence,
that he has settled up his accounts for the last
ship or station to which he previously belonged.
Was it not the duty of the officer of the Govern-
ment—the Fourth Auditor—who had charge of
these accounts, to notify the parties when a new
bond was required, that the party who was the
principal was an actual defaulter to the Govern-
ment? If such was not the purpose, why wag
this duty devolved upon the officer of the Gov-
ernment ? Could he be ordered to any future ser-
vice, in his character of purser, while a balance
stood charged against him ? If his duty had been
performed by the officer in charge of purser's
accounts,tfiese parties would have been put upon
their guard; they would have been admonished
that the individual who was seeking to renew his
bond had not performed his duty according to the
requirements of the Department; that he had been
a defaulter, not only •pon the preceding service,
but upon two or three other prior occasions, when
he had been assigned to duty.
I say, then, that when the Government with-
held that knowledge of the facts, which they
alone could have, it gave the parties reason to
believe that the duties of the purser had been dis-
charged faithfully and honestly; and the with-
holding of these facts was calculated to drive
these sureties from the track of investigation. So
far from putting them upon their guard, it was
calculated to have directly the opposite effect. I
think, therefore, my friend's argument is unsound,
that these sureties have been entrapped by the
neglect of the Government officer, in withholding
from them the knowledge that was in his pos-
session, as to the defaults of this purser.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wakeman
and Safp were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 82, noes 39.
So the bill was laid aside to be reported to the
House, with the recommendation that it do pass.
joseph nourse's representatives.
A bill (H. R. No. 340) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Joseph Nourse, deceased.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay, out of any money in the Treasury n«t
otherwise appropriated, to the legal representa-
tives of Joseph Nourse, deceased, interest at the
rate of six per cent, per annum upon the amount
allowed and paid under the act entitled " An act
to authorize the settlement of the account of
Joseph'Nourse, deceased," approved June 28,
1848, from the date of the award and decree of
the district court of the United States for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. That bill is one
which proposes to pay interest on a judgment
obtained against the United States. I know that
it is considered as contrary to the policy of the
Government to pay interest. That proceeds on
the hypothesis that the Government is always
ready to pay its debts whenever a demand is
presented; but whenever the reason of the rule
ceases, the rule itself should cease; and whenever
a case arises in which it is shown that the Gov-
ernment is indebted, and can pay, and will not
pay, the equitable sense of Congress should come
in and do justice. But I call the attention of the
committee to the facts of this case, as a bare recital
of them will be the best argument that can be
made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would sug-
gest to the gentleman from Alabama that the prin-
ciple was decided in the Reeside case.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. Yes, I will re-
capitulate the facts of the case. Joseph Nourse
was Register of the Treasury of the United States
for a great number of years'. He was a valuable
officer. He was relieved from office, however, in
1829. He was declared to be indebted to the
Government. He refused to pay the demand
made against him, on the ground that the Gov-
ernment owed him more, than he owed the Gov-
ernment. A case was made up; it was tried be-
fore the district court of the United States for the
District of Columbia, and judgment went for Mr.
Nourse. An appeal was taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States, and there the judg-
ment below was affirmed. That judgment was
obtained ill 1831, and Mr. Nourse applied at once
to Congress for the payment of the sum thus de-
clared by the highest judicial tribunal of the coun-
try to be due to him. He applied to Congress
after Congress until 1841, and died without ever
having received payment of the debt. His widow
took up this claim and went on with it, and in
1848 long-delayed justice was done by Congress
in allowing her the amount of the judgment ob-
tained in 1831. There were no laches on the part
of Nourse or his representatives. The courts of
the country had declared that debt to be properly
due. There were no laches on the part of Nourse
during his lifetime, nor were there on the papifof
his widow after his death. In 1848, as I staled
partial justice was done on the part of Congress^
by giving the amount of the judgment, which
ought to have been paid in 1831.
Now,it is to be remembered, that Noursegave
bond and security for capital and interest, and
if the judgment had gone against him, his estate
i j would have been compelled to pay the interest.
I But you cannot sue the Government, and you
;; must, therefore, rely on its sense of justice and
i; equity. I ask, if this is not a case in which the
rule—generally perhaps a good one — that the
11 Government shall not pay interest, ought not to
■■ be relaxed; and is not this an exceptional case to
1 the general rule ? As has been stated by the gen-
tleman, from Illinois, [Mr. Washbcrne,] this
principle has been decided in other cases. I do
not know that it is necessary for me to say or do
' more in this matter. We know that it is a eom-
! mon principle of law, everywhere recognized,
I; that a judgment is never paid until the interest is
i also paid. The interest is always part of the
I judgment, or in other words, it is in the nature
1 of damages for refusal to pay, and follows as a
; legal effect. Here there was a judgment against
• the Government, and the Government, although
applied to year after year, refused to pay. The
Government is in fault, and therefore should not
be permitted to come in and take advantage of its
own wrong.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Alabama, if I understand
him to say that any court in this District, or that
,| the United States Supreme Court, rendered a
j; judgment against the United States; or was it a
' mere report of the jury saying that they found a
, bill due from the United States to Mr."Nourse?
They did not proceed to render a judgment, did
. they ?
i Mr, HARRIS, of Alabama. I understand
' they did.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not under-
stand how, under the law, any court can render a
1 judgment against the United States Government.
^ JVlr. HARRIS, of Alabama. The Government,
|; in thisc,ase,sued Mr. Nourse. and in the district
court the judgment was in favor of Mr. Nourse,
;! and therefore against the Government.
! Mr. WtNSLOW. The proceeding was in
; equity in the district court. Nourse filed a bill,
and obtained an injunction against the Govem-
! ment; and when the answer of the United States
i came in, the account was taken, and a balance
; due Nourse of §23,580 72 reported. The report
[ was confirmed by the court. Allowing credit in
the audit of the accounts of the sum due the
' United States, §11,813 59 would be due to Mr.
Nourse. The case I think has merits, and the
bill ought to pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the re-
, port of the committee be read.
The Clerk read the report, from which it ap-
pears that m the year 1829 Mr. Nourse was
removed from the office of Register of the Treas-
;ury of the United States, and an indebtedness
' charged against him. The amount he refused to
! pay, claiming that the Government was indebted
to him in a sum exceeding the amount alleged as
due by him. After a full investigation of the
case before the district court of the United States
| for the District of Columbia, and the submission
; of evidence and argument on both sides, a jttdg-
; ment was rendered m favor of Mr. Nourse, which
'judgment, on appeal, was declared final by the
■ Supreme Court of the United States. This judg-
ment was rendered m 1831, ami Mr. Nourse at
once applied to Congress to authorise the W*
■; ment of the judgment of the court. He continued
•i his appeals till the year 1S41, a period of about
' ten years, when he'died. In this time the case
' was always favorably reported oi'i, but failed to
. receive the sanction of both Houses daring any
> one Congress. The prosecution of the claim was
continued by his widow until 1848, when an act
' was passed, in accordance with which she re-
j, ceived the amount which was due. by the judg-
jj ment of the court in 1831. The legal representa-
j tives present a claim for interest on this judgment.
