1837.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bill as amended was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House, with the recommendation
that it do pass.
HENRY VOLCKER.
An act (S. No. 240) to confirm the title of
Henry Volcker to a certain tract of land in the
Territory of New Mexico.
Mr. TAYLOR. I move that this bill be infor-
mally passed by. It seems to me there had bet-
ter be no action on it at this time. It involves
principles of great moment.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN MORRISON AND CHARLES GWIN.
An act (S. No. 241) for the relief of the legal
representatives of John Morrison and Charles
Gwftn. . .
Mr. SAPP. The gentleman from Louisiana
[Mr. Sandidge] who reported that bill is not
present, and I move that it be informally passed
by.
The motion was agreed to.
RICHARD SMITH.
A bill (H. R. No. 38) granting one hundred
and sixty acres of land to Richard Smith, of j
Coshocton county, Ohio, for his services in the j
expedition against the Rickaree Indians. j
The facts as stated by the report are, that !
Richard Smith enlisted on the 2d of October, 1818, ,
as a private in Major D. Ketchum's company, j
sixth regiment of infantry, to serve for five years, I
which he did, and was honorably discharged at ,
the termination thereof; that during his term of |
service, while the company of which he was a <
member was stationed at Council Bluffs, the dif- |
ficulty between General Ashley's company of .
traders and the Rickaree Indians took place, in
which fourteen of his men were killed and wound-
ed; that an expedition was immediately gotten up
by order of the commander of the post, Colonel
Henry Leavenworth, to proceed against the Rick-
aree I ndians, to their villages some seven hundred
miles therefrom; that on the 22d of June, 1823,
they proceeded on their journey, and arrived be-
fore the Rickaree towns on the !)th of August
succeeding, accompanied by a large number of j
Sioux warriors, between whom and the Rick- |
arees an engagement took place, which resulted '
in the repulsion of the Sioux; that then the other '
portion of the expedition, in which was the com- j
pany of which the memorialist was a member,
made battle upon the Ptickarees, which resulted
in their complete defeat, the restoration of peace,
arid the return to General Ashley of the property
taken from him; that this engagement lasted for
three days, during which the memorialist received
a wound, as is shown by the history of the ex- .
pedition contained in the American State Papers, .
(Military Affairs, vol. 2,) in which he is men-
tioned by name, and the efficiency of the company
of which he was a member, as well as its gal-
lantly, is highly spoken of.
Mr. FAULKNER. I was not present on the ,
committee when this bill and the succeeding bills
were ordered to be reported. It seems to me, :
from the reading of the report, that this bill will
set an improper and rather dangerous precedent,
and 1 should be happy to hear some more satis-
factory explanation of the propriety of this claim
than is given in the report just read. I under-
stand that our system of land bounties is confined
alone to services rendered in war. 1 believe the
service here rendered was simply in an expedi-
tion, of which there are many 111 our history,
against a depredating tribe of Indians—an expe-
dition in no wise entitled to be regarded as a war.
If we adopt this principle, we break down the
principle of the existing land bounty system,
and throw open the door to everyone who has
been engaged 111 any expedition of a hostile char-
acter against the Indians.
Mr SAPP. I do not think there is anything
very daug;erous about this bill. It proposes to
give an old soldier who has served his country
faithfully in the hour of danger, and at a remote
distance from his home, the benefit of the bounty
land law. He served for five years; and while
he was m the service he received a wound, be-
cause of which he now receives a pension from
the Government; and that completely adjudicates
the question so far as equity, justice, and good
conscience are concerned in the premises.
Again, this man performed his duties faith-
fully,'as an honest and as a good soldier. He iss
yet this is a dangerous precedent we are told. No,
Mr. Chairman, there is not a man upon this floor
who would for a single moment entertain a doubt
upon the merits of a claim of this kind; and I
trust there is no man in the House who can put
his hand upon his heart and say he will not vote
for a claim of this kind.
I ask the Clerk to read an extract from the
letter of General Le&ven&orth relating to this
case.
The Clerk read, as followst
" Headquarters, Sixth Regiment,
" Fort Atkiksoh, Jlugust 30, X££3.
" Sir : I have the honor to inform you that the troops
who lately visited the Ricaree towns returned to this j st i
011 the 27th instant. j
" We arrived before the Ricaree towns on the 9th of the ;
present month. The Sioui Indians, who were with us, .
were met by the Ricarees a short distance from their towns, 1
and a skirmish took place between thsm. The Ricarees |
maintained their ground, or rather drove the Sioux back, i
until the regular troops and General Ashley's men arrived, ;
and formed their line. The Kicarees were then immedi- |
ately driven into their towns. The Sioux were so much j
scattered in front of the troops, that the latter were unable i
to deliver their fire without killing some of the Sioux, and
therefore did not fire.
Our boats arrived subsequently, during the evening of
the 9th, and our artillery was disembarked.
" On the morning of the 10th, Captain Kiley, with a com-
pany of riflemen, and Lieutenant Bradley, witb a company
of infantry, were ordered to take possession of a hill above
the upper village. They immediately took a position there,
within one hundred steps from the town, and in a position
which screened them from the fire of the enemy from the
towns. At the same moment Lieutenant Morris, with one
six-pounder and a five and a half inch brass howitzer, com-
menced an attack on the lower town. Sergeant Perkins,
with one six-pounder, was sent to report to Mr. Vander-
burgh, of the Missouri FurCompany. Thissix-pounderwas
placed above the upper village. A brisk fire was continued ]
upon the towns until three o'clock in the afternoon. The ;
Sioux were in the mean time busily engaged in gathering |
and carrying off the corn of the Ricarees. 1
" At ei& o'f'oek, Major Ketchum was also ordered to .
the upper with his company. Between three and
four o'clock the six-pounder and the troops opposed to the
upper village werdwithdrawn, and our whole lorce concen-
trated below the lower village, and the troops ordered to
form for the purpose of collecting corn for their own use. as
General Ashley's men had then been destitute of provisions
for two da\s." ******-*'-
"We found the Ricaree Indians in two Ullages; the
lower one containing seventy-one dirt lodge-, and the npp>-r
village seventy dirl lodges; each village was inclosed with
palisades, or pickets, and a ditch, and the greater pan of the
lodtres had a ditch around the bottom, on ine inside. These
woik=. however, had heen represented to be much stronger
than what we found them to be.
<■ During our operations we sustained no loss m men, and
had but two wounded—Hugh Johnson, of General Ashley's
command, and Smith, a private of Major Ketchum's com-
pany.
'• Our officers and men have returnesMn fine health and
spirits, and it is well; for those left here are nearly all sick.
Captain Fowle arrived here with eighty-five men (recruits)
on the *28th instant." > j
Mr. Q,UITMAN. After'the warm appeal made
us on behalf of this man, I fee! most reluctant to
oppose the bill; but as I opposed it in the Mili- .
tary Committee, I feel it due to the committee to ''
state the reasons why I oppose it. In the first
place, the principal objection to this bill is not so
much that the soldier did not faithfully perform
i his services, although 1 have not been able to '
i learn from the report what particularly gallant ;•
services he performed, though he was wounded. :
My main objection is this: there were in the ex-
pedition of General Leavenworth more than two
hundred men. The expedition of General Leav-
enworth against the Ricaree Indians is to tins day <
considered as of very doubtful propriety. It was ;
so considered by General Gaines, then command- i
ing that department, and has since often been
i referred to as rather an inconsiderate expedition
I aeainst the Ricaree Indians. But the committee
I will perceive that if this Mr. Smith is entitled to .
i bounty lands, so are equally all of the two hnn-
! dred men who made up the expedition against
I the Rica res villages. And why should we pass
1 two hundred private bills for them when there is
I no necessity for it, and when they can be made
to come, if entitled, within the liberal construction
of the act of Congress granting bounty lands?
Let it do equal justice, and grant bounty lands to
all who participated in that expedition. 1
Again, General Atkinson, shortly after, under
the order of General Gaines, proceeded with six
hundred soldiers, to support General Leaven-
worth, in case of difficulty; and why, if this were
a war, should not the soldiers of General Atkin-
son's command be entitled to share in the public
bounty ? Now, I hare no doubt that this soldier
performed his duty faithfully, but I do not see
any evidence of extraordinary merit in his par-
ticular service which would entitle him to be
singled out as the only man of these seven or
eight hundred to receive the bounty of the Gov-
ernment. The policy of the Government has
been to allow bounty lands to all who have been
engaged in actual service in wars with the Indi-
ans. This expedition has never been dignified
into the importance of a war. The Rickarees
occupied the upper portion of the Missouri.
It seems that General Ashley's trading company,
which pursued its legitimate operations near the
head waters of the Missouri, had had some
outrages committed against it by the Rickaree
Indians—who were looked upon pretty much as
wild Indians. On these outrages being reported to
General Leavenworth, this expedition was fitted
out, without awaiting orders from his superior
officer, for the purpose of chastising them. The
Indians had never been engaged m a war with
the whites; but, on the contrary, a short time
previously the Rickarees professed to have the
best feelings towards General Ashley. But a dis-
pute arose between them, and some fourteen of
Ashley's men lost their lives. Still the Rickarees
were not, at that time, in a state of war. They
had not had their war dance. They had declared
no open hostilities, but were living peaceably in
their villages. General Leavenworth took with
him a six-pounder, for the purpose of bombarding
their villages; and the expedition resulted in the
immediate surrender of the Indians. They sued
for peace, and General Leavenworth says, in his
report, he granted them peace only because his
ammunition for the six-pounder was nearly ex-
pended, and because he did not know but that
his friendly Sioux were about to leave him, and
that he might thereby get into difficulties. There-
fore he made peace with them.
My objection, therefore, is that this expedition
and these hostilities against the Rickarees, were
never considered of sufficient importance to have
constituted war. It has been the policy of the
Government heretofore not to grant bounty lands
except in cases of war. In the next place, I ob-
ject to one individual endeavoring to get bounty
land bv means of a private bill, while there are
seven hundred equally meritorious men entitled
' to the same. I do not want to say anything
against the claim of the petitioner in this case.
: Lam perfectly willing that out of our large public
. domain, lands should be given to all meritorious
i individuals after the expenses incurred in the sur-
I vey and examination are paid. I do not want to
; retain it. And, therefore, I would not oppose
i this case, if I did not believe that it would give
i rise to scrambling on the part of individuals to
get bounty lands for every little skirmish that
thev may have had with Indian tribes. If we
depart from the principle of giving bounty land
only where the parties served during a war, where
! are we to end ? The punishment of every Indian
depredation. their punishment for stealing horses
; and everything else, will atTord grounds for a claim
for bounty lands. For these reasons, and not on
• account of the demerns of the individual petition-
ir.c this House, I thought it my duty to oppose
this bill, both in committee and here.
Mr. SAPP. I move that the bill be laid aside
to be reported to the House, with the recoaimend-
| atton that it do pass.
' The motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM AUSTIN'S REPRESENTATIVE.
A bill (H. R. Xo. 357) for the relief of the legal
representative of William Austin, deceased. The
bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
to the legal lepresentutive of 'William Austin,
deceased, out of any moneys tn the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, §1,000, to be in full lor
the services of the schooler Vermillion, in the
expedition to Mackinaw in ls14.
The report was read, and is as follows!
Tromthe cvieenee before the eomtmtue, u appears that
ihe said Austin was the eaptam of a schooiier called the
Vermillion, which was engaiiid in transporting the troops
-and baggage <>- ihe detachment under the cummaad oi
' Colonel G. Cr.iglmn. from Denoil, m company "'"J
fleet under the command of Captain St. Clair, tlnougn
, Lake Huron to Mackinaw, and returning from ueuce t<>
Detroit, m the expedtuon knowna «« expedition to M ck-
, inaw.m 1M4; that il.e pnee charged by him «« «[, .
1 which is proven f  be the price usually charged fc•such
, service-: that on his return to Detroit, as ts proven by tit®
