m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
affidavit of the assistant deputy quartermaster general, he
made a demand upon said officer for tne said sum. but was
informed that it eotiJd not be paid for the reason that he had
no voucher, property certified by the commanding officer,
us to the employment of the vessel; that until the J9tli of
January, 18in, he alleges ho did not kr nv Coioncl Crog-
ban's whereabouts. but having di^coveied it at that June,
he wrote to hun to obtain his approval to the account, and
bro6ght a claim for the sarue betmethe piopcr Department;
that Colonel Croghan, owing to the lapse of time, could not
certify tothe exact circumstances of the employment of the
vessel, but gave it as his opinion that the vessel was so em-
ployed ; that on account of the absence of direct evidence
as to the charter of tlie vessel m this capacity, the Third
Auditor rejected the claim, and that it has ever since been
pending in the Department, until now the memorialist
comes before Congress, asking it to grant Inm that justice
which has been so long from him withheld. The evulcnce
before tne committee is conclusive that the said vessel was
employed doing the services alleged; and as it is not shown
that the said Austin ever received a cent tor such services,
the committee think the claim is a just one, and therefore
report a bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. J would like to
ask the gentle«ian who has charge of this bill,
how it is that on such allegations as these the
party has not been able to obtain the auditing of
his accounts? There is nothing about Colonel
Croghan except the fact that he could not certify
the account. The allegation made here, that the
owner of this vessel did not know where Coioncl
Croghan was—while he wns Inspector General of
the Army of the United States—ought to damn
the case in my judgment. I think that that very
allegation is, of itself, sufficient to induce its re-
jection.
Mr. STANTON. J suppose that the practice j
of the Ilouse is uniformly to recognize the facts
stated in the report of the committee as having
been proved to the satisfaction of the committee.
The allegation here is, that the evidence before
the committee proves conclusively that this vessel
was employed in the service of the United States
in the transport of provisions and troops. That
is the allegation. I do not understand that there
is any dissent among the members of the com-
mittee as to the rendering of the service. Now,
if the service was rendered, it is very clear that
there was no payment for it, because the evidence
of payment would be found in the proper Depart-
ment. J do not understand that any gentleman
will deny that the payment must be made if the
. service was rendered. If there is any doubt about
the fact set forth by the committee, and said to bo
conclusively proven, let us know where and how
the doubt arises. It is not customary for the com-
mittees of the House to report and print the testi-
mony on which they make up that report. The
claimant here is a constituent of mine. J have
not investigated the case, and am not prepared to
go into the details of the evidence; but 011 the
face of the report, it seems to me to be a very clear
case that payment should be made. I move that
the bill be laid aside to be reported to the House,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. McMULLIN". It occurs tome, from the
reading of the report, as well as from the show-
ing of the gentleman from Ohio, that if this claim
is a just one, it ought to have gone to the Court
of Claims. 1 take it for granted that, if a con-
tract was made with theown^" of this vessel, it was
made in conformity with the then existing laws;
and if that be so, 1 ask the gentleman from Ohio
why his constituent did not go with his case into
the Court of Claims, where the ease could be fully
investigated? That court was established for the
purpose of adjudicating these claims and collect-
ing the evidence on both sides of the question.
Cases are not disposed of there as they are dis-
posed of here, on mere ex parte testimony. But,
sir, the fact referred to by my colleague, [Air.
Smith,] is one which uuglir. to have great weight
with tins committee, to wit: that the petitioner
alleges that he did not know where the command-
ing o/ricer was for several years—a most suspi-
cious fact stated by the petitioner himself. I should
liko to have the evidence. I call for the reading
of the testimony on which the report of the com-
mittee is based, which makes the case so perfectly
clear. I shall certainly vote against recommend-
ing the passage of this bill on the very ground
tnat it is heie wrongly, and ought to go to the
Court of Claims.
IVIr. Liii rCriER. I call for the readingof the
evidence to which that report refcis.
1 iip (.'HAimiAiV. The Clerk lias read all!
the papers in his possession.
Air. STANTON. Does the getuleman intend I
I to have all the manuscript papers read on this
1 small claim of one thousand dollars? Will he
I consume the precious time of this House to that
| extent on so small a matter:
Mr. LETCHER. 1 want to be satisfied that
this money is due.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman knows that
if that plan he pursued, no claim can pass here
at all.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman knows that
we have 110 right to appropriate money unless it
is due.
Mr. STANTON. And I am aware the prac-
tice has been to rely on the reports of the stand-
ing committees of this House for the facts on
which we shall make or refuse appropriations.
Mr. LETCHER. I have the papers in this
case. Here is the memorial of Job C. Smith,
lawful assignee of William Austin. I do not
think that Job C. Smith seems to be known in
this case. The bill does not provide for him.
Mr. Clerk, how is it m the bill?
j The Clerk read from the bill, as follows:
" That the .Secrctaiv of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized to pay to the legal representatives of William
[ Austin, deceased,'' S^e.
Mr. SAPP. This bill is founded on a claim
for servire. The facts are set forth in the report.
The committee gave the question a thorough ex-
amination. The papers in the case, it will be
perceived, h-ive been signed at a former period.
We have drawn the bill in favor of the heirs of
Mr. Austin in order that full justice might be
done. There is no doubt that he is entitled to
this money. This claim has been pending in Con-
gress for a great many years. There has never
been anv action 011 it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It seems that Smith
owned the schooner.
Mr. SAPP. Austin was owner. He assigned
it to Job C. Smith.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then why does
not the bill set forth that fact? Why are the
words legal representatives used, when we know
that executors or administrators are meant?
Mr. SAPP. Let them settle the matter between
themselves.
Mr. STANTON. Why does the gentleman
from Virginia wish to have read all the papers in
th is case ?
Mr. LETCHER. I want to see the evidence
upon which this claim is based. Gentlemen say
there is evidence here. Kw, X want them to
point it out.
Mr. STANTON. The case was referred to
I the Committee ©11 Military Affairs with evidence
sufficient for them to return it with a bill for the
relief of this party. I admit that I have not
deemed it to fce my duty to go to the files of the
Clerk of the House and hunt up all the manu-
script documents on which the claim was re-
ported, for the purpose of detailing the facts to
the House. It is the first time during my expe-
rience in this House, that I have ever known any !
1 gentleman to call for evidence beyond the report j
I of the committee. The uniform practice has been '
, to rely on the report of the committee for the facts j
j which it states. This going behind the report of I
I the committee and controverting the facts stated !
I by it is a novelty in the history of legislation. I
do not think the gentleman is dealing fairly by
this small claim.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr. Chairman, my observ-
ation in this House has been, that in the majority
i of cases, when a claim is brought forward and
there is evidence upon file to establish certain
, facts which demonstiate the propriety of allowing
■ the claim, it has been the custom of the member
I charged with it to cite those facts in the report
' that they may be brought to the attention of Con-
! gross.
j Mr. STANTON. Are they not cited in this
: leportr
J Mr. LETCHER. The fact is stated that this
. party sots up a claim in this way, and that that
| claim is sustained by evidence; but it does not
; say in what that evidence consists. It tloes not
j say that tl' "
is proven w
I its conclusive character, unless that evidence is
j cited either by a synopsis of it in the report, or
in some other way which will bring it to the at-
! tention of the House and put it in the possession
j of the members ? The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sapp] says there is evidence of that character.
The other gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,]
who is the representative of these individuals, says
there is evidence of that charactcr. Here are the
papers. I desire to have that evidence which is
conclusive of this claim pointed out. I have never
heard of the claim until I heard of it on this floor.
I have never had an opportunity before of seeing
these papers. Here is the gentleman from Ohio
who made this report, who has examined all these
papers and is familiar with the fact, and who, I
take it, is able to turn to them and point to one
which establishes that this claim is based on evi-
dence sufficient to warrant its passage.
Mr. SAPP. The gentleman from Virginia
supposes 1 am able to turn to any part of the evi-
dence in the case at a single moment's notice. I
will say to that gentleman that this report waa
made from the Committee on Military affairs, at
the last session of Congress. We were satisfied
then that it ought to pass. It was agreed to
unanimously by that committee.
Mr. WALKER. I desire to obtain some in-
formation from the gentleman from Ohio in refer-
ence to this bill. As I understand it, a man by
the name of Austin was the owner of the vessel.
He assigned his interest to a man by the name
of Smith. The bill is so drawn as to operate for
the benefit of the legal representatives of Austin,
deceased. I put the question to the gentleman
from Ohio if it was the purpose of the Committee
on Military Affairs that this bill should yield its
benefits to the assignee of Austin, the former
owner of this vessel? What is the legal effect
of the present fiamework of the bill ? Its benefits
will accrue to the ''legal representatives" of
Austin. What is the meaning of that term, in his
judgment? and what must be the legal effect of
this bill so far as the rights of this Smith, the
assignor, are concerned ?
Mr. SAPP. Mr. Austin is dead, and it does
not require a great deal of discrimination to know
who are his legal representatives, who represent
his estate, and who settle his affairs.
Again: there is some paper on file which shows
that this claim has been assigned to a man by the
name of Job C. Smith, and he is the son-in law
ot Mr. Austin. 2sow that is the whole case, so
far as the assignee is concerned.
Mr. LETCHER. i have made out to get the
evidence, and I ask the Clerk to read H. I do not
know what is in the papers, but I want there
read.
Tiie papers were read, as follows:
State of Michigan, County of Sandac, si;
On this 2d day of June, 1359, personally cam'? mo,
**?^.y.n^erf5?ned; justice of the p'-'ticeinand for-aid county,
U ilham Austin, who, alter being duly mvoih. d^poseth and
saith, that he was on boaid the schooner Vermillion, and
doing the writing and bu?inc^ nf said vessel generally.
(Reference to my deposition now m the Auditor's otfic". in
vv ashin™ton.) The ^aul vessel received on board, at Ene,
Pennsylvania, sutler's goods', by Reed and Jone- detunes
for Mackinaw; and on her way thither was preyed into
the service of the United Stated, by order, as 3 suppose, of
Croshan, commander of the troops sent (or the reduction
of Mackinaw, and a number of troops and their fan'ovi^e pat
on board, together with scaling ladders kc. And^aid de-
ponent further says, that uie Vaul ve^el vd the time way
not chartered by s-aid Rood and Jones, or anv oth^r person
according to the best of his kwm>dsr<  and h hef! as* his
position on board said vrs'sel rcqmrf-d a know of any
transaction of Mich a natme. WILLIAM AfrfTIW
Sworn and subscribed before me ihe id d.iv of Juno,
HEA'EY L. HOl'KlXt*, Justice of the Petite.
j St*tb of Michigan, County nf Sa-vJ.-ic,
j I, Hiram Bacon, deputy c!erk of the circuit couit of said
, county, do hereby certify that ilenrv L. Hopkins, Esq.,
! whoso genuine signature appears lo'fhe -within affidavit,
j was, at the dat*" thereof, a justice of the peace in and for
i said county, duly ^omnjiSMoned, and authorized to admin-
j ister oaths, and that hi-, acts as Mi^h are entitled to fttii
i credit; and I further certify, that I am well acquainted
witti the handwriting of the «ud Henry L. Hopkins, aud
verify believe his -^nairne to the within is genuine.
,, *u W1tness whereot 1 have hereunto pet my hand and
'it's tact, or that fact, or the other fact ! I"l. s.l tt!C ^al of the cucuit eouit of =aid county,
.-hich goe^to establish this conclusion | !M "''.V?,'1'Sy,af
i . . -/j  *—vvudUSJon J (|
put only that tiie evidence is satisfactory. We ''
have as good a right to know what that evidence
consists in, certainly, as the members of the com-
mittee have. How are we to judge in regard
to that evidence, its applicability to the case,
HliiAM BACON, Deputy Clerk.
j Territory or Michigan, Tows of lirciai.v, C'uunlv of
Wayne, ss;
i Peisoiiaiiy appeared before me, the undesigned, a justice
; of the peace fot the above mentioned Territory, county,
