1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
em
California, and for other purposes. It will be
recolKn-U'd that at the last session of Congress
we passed two bills for the construction of wasron
roads in that direction, one north and the other
south. They each contained a provision requir-
ing the President to establish military posts. The
House of Representatives, a week ago, took up
that subject and united the two roads in one bill,
and have stricken out the provision for military
posts. I^ask that their bill may be taken up
now, •#th a view to its passage.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill, which proposes to appropriate 5300,000,
or as much thereof as may oe necessary, for the
construction of a wagon road from Fort Kearny,
in the^ferritory of Nebraska, via the South Pass
of thejBpky Mountains, to the eastern boundary
of California, near Honey Lake, to be expended
under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, pursuant to contracts to be made by him.
This road is to connect with and form an exten-
sion of the road already authorized from Fort
Ridgely to the South Pass. The bill also pro-
poses to make an appropriation of §200,000 for
the construction of a wagon road from El Paso,
on the Rio Grande, to Fort Yuma, at the inouth
of the Gila river, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, pursuant to
contracts to be made by him; and of §50,000 for
the construction of a wagon road from Fort Defi-
ance, in the Territory of New Mexico, to the Col-
orado river, near the inouth of the Mohava river.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to make an
inquiry of the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs in relation to two points which
suggest themselves to my mind in connection with
this bill. In it three wagon roads are provided
for, and about $600,000 appropriated to construct
them. I desire to inquire of the chairman of the
Military Committee what estimate or evidence
was before the committee as to the entire cost of
each road ? Next, I should like to inquire why
it is that the practice of the Government has been
changed recently in regard to the Department
undfr which the roads are to be constructed? Here-
tofore, territorial roads like these have been re-
garded as military roads, to be constructed under
the direction and superintendence of the Secretary
of War. I think these roads, beingmilitary roads,
should be constructed under the superintendence
of that Department. "We have engineers; we
have perhaps one of the best engineer corps m any
country; we have a topographical bureau; these
officers are paid for military services; and, these
being military roads, it strikes me they should
be constructed under that Department unless there
be some special reasons to the contrary. I have
no objection to the construction of these roads;
but I think the information in regard to the ulti-
mate cost should be before the body, and it seems
to me that they should be placed under the super-
intendence of the War Department.
Mr. WELLEIl. Mr. President, this subject
was discussed somewhat at length at the last ses-
sion, when two bills were then pending before the
Senate for the construction of these two roads.
I then expressed the opinion that, in my judg-
ment, civilians could be selected who were^ mncn
k- better road-makers than any of your engineers.
I have as much confidence in the War Depart-
ment as the Senator from Pennsylvania possibly
can have. I know it has been the practice, here-
tofore, to construct such roads under that Depart-
ment; but the Delegates representing those Ter-
ritories where we have heretofore constructed
military roads, have complained very much of the
manner in which the engineers have expended
the public money. Too much of it is expended
in Uvni" out surveys and sketching the topog-
raphy along the route. It is well known the
movements o#W army are never very rapid in
■works of this sort. I believe we can get these
roads constructed in a shorter time and in a better
manner bv practical men than in any other mode.
But there is a reason which is overpowering
with me. I am compelled to take the Ulina
shape which is acceptable to the House o., Rep-
resentatives. The House of RePf.sent*^®®>
the last session, passed an *ot' PP t0
t>riation for a wagon road from Toit iiiuge y
South Pass, putting it under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior. I was compeled
to acquiesce I know the pressing necessity for
the construction of these roads in that direction.
I know the immense value they must be to the
State I represent; and therefore I am compelled to
take this bill as the House of Representatives have
sentittome. I am very sure, thatif itbeamended
in any particular, and goes back to the House of
Representatives, the chances are ninety-nine out
of a hundred that it will not pass. My anxiety
to get the roads is so great that 1 am willing to pass
the bill in the shape in which the House of Repre-
sentatives have passed it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
GRANT OF LAND TO MINNESOTA.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the consent of the Sen-
ate to take up the bill which I introduced the other
day granting land to MinnesotaTerritory, which
was referred to the Co-, imittee on Public Lands,
and which was reported back by the chairman
of that committee." 1 presume it will take but
very little time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 576) making a grant of land
to the Territory of Minnesota, in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads m said Territory.
The railroads proposed to be aided are from
Stillwater, by way of St. Paul and St. Anthony,
to a point between thefootof Big Stone Lake and
the mouth of Sioux Wood river, with a branch,
via St. Cloud and Crow Wing, to the navigable
waters of the Red River of the North, at such
point as the Legislature of the Territory may
determine; from St. Paul and from St. Anthony,
via Minneapolis, to a convenient point of junction
west of the Mississippi, to the southern boundary
of the Territory in the direction of the mouth of
the Big Sioux river, with a branch to the north
proposed roads there are no public lands. The
amount on the remainder, three hundred and
ninety-eight miles, is one million five hundred,
and twenty-eight thousand three hundred and
twenty acres. That is the amount covered by
the bill, according to the statement prepared by
the committee of the other House, which, I am
sure, is a correct estimate from actual data. _ 1
will also state to the Senator that; compared with
the grants made to the States, this is quite small.
Mr. BIGGS. If I understood the reading of
the bill, it not only provides for granting alternate
sections within six miles of the road, but where
those sections have been occupied by preemptora
or have been sold, the land may be taken within
fifteen miles. [Mr. Stuart. Yes.] So that that
portion of the roads to which the Senator alludes,
where there are no public lands within six miles,
may obtain alternate sections if there are any
public lands within fifteen miles of the line. 1 pre-
sume then, that this estimate of one million five
hundied thousand acrcs is not the amount appro-
priated by this bill. These one million five hun-
dred thousand acres, 1 understand,are the extent
of the appropriation, so far as the line goes
through the public I amis within six miles of the
contemplated roads; but I apprehend the grant
is a great deal more than that, as a right is given
to go fifteen miles to supply any deficiency where
there are no lands within six miles of the roads.
I should like to inquire further in regard to this
matter, whether or not the roads proposed are
entirely within the limits of the proposed State of
Minnesota, according to the bill that has been sent
us from the House of Representatives for the or-
ganization of that State?
Mr. STUART. 1 cannot answer with strict
accuracy, because I have not looked at the lines
accurately; but if the routes are not entirely with-
in those limits they are so with a very slight
exception. To provide for that, the Senator
line of Iowa, west of range sixteen; from Winona, j probably noticed tli'at the last section of thisbill
via St. Peter's, to apoint on the Big Sioux river,
south of the forty-fifth parallel of north latitude;
also from La Crescent, via Target Lake, up the
valley of Root river, to a point of junction with
the last mentioned road, east of range seventeen.
The grant is of every alternate section of land,
designated by odd numbers, for six sections in
width on each side of each of the roads and
branches; but in case it shall appear that the
United States have, when the lines or routes of
the roads and branches are definitely fixed, sold
the granted sections, or any parts of them, or that
the right of preemption has attached to them,
it shall be lawful for any agent, or agents, to be
appointed by the Governor of the Territory or
future State, to select, subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Interior, from the lands of
the United States nearest to the tiers of sections
specified, so much land, in alternate sections, or
parts of sections, as shall be equal to such lands
as the United States have sold, or otherwise
appropriated, or to which the rights of preemption
have attached.
Mr. BIGGS. I move the bill be postponed
until to-morrow.
Mr. STUART. I hope not. It will not take
five minutes to dispose of that measure, and it is
very important it should be disposed of, in order
that it may be acted on m the House of Repre-
sentatives.
The motion to postpone was not agreed to.
Mr. BIGGS. I inquire whether there has been
any report made by the Committee on Public
Lands upon this bill ?
Mr. STUART. I can state to the honorable
Senator that the bill was referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and reported unanimously
from that committee nearly a week ago.
Mr. BIGGS. Was there any written report?
Mr. STUART. There was no written icport.
Air. BIGGS. Then I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lanus the
extent of the roads covered by this bill, and the
amount of public land proposed to be appropri-
ated by it. . ...
Mr. STUART. I am able to give the honoi-
able Senator a statement prepared by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands of the House of Repre-
sentatives, as derived from the books of the
Department. The whole length of the roads pro-
vided for is nine hundred and twenty-five miles.
provides that where any of the routes nm into
Indian territory, neither the State nor any com-
pany under it can enter the land atoll until the
Indian titleis extinguished. "VVc carefully avoided
any question of that sort. The other provisions
of this bill are identically in the same language
with those passed for the States. I understand
?the computation to reach to the extent of the fif-
teen miles —what will be taken within fifteen
miles in case the lands within six milos are insuf-
ficient ? That is my understanding from a mem-
ber of the committee of the other House, and 1
believe it is so.
Mr. BIGGS. I am well aware, Mr. President,
that at this late day, and after so many prece-
dents set by Congress of appropriating the public
lands for railroad purposes, an attempt now to
change this policy would be very ineffectual on
the part of any Senator on this floor. _ Wo have
passed a large number of railroad bills giving
grants of the public lands. We are now askeu
to add another, for a railroad in extent nearly a
thousand miles, in Minnesota. If 1 understand
the provisions of this bill, it not only provides
for a trunk road, but fbr branch roads extending
between nine hundred and a thousand miles,ana
according to the estimate that has been made,
appropriates one million five hundred thousand
acres of the public lands. No inquiry seems to
have been made as to how these roads run, and
their extent. We have merely an estimate made
up at the Interior Department, without knowing
with certainty that this is the extent of the grant
which we are now making.
My purpose is to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to this other enormous grant of the public
lands for railroad purposes, and to enter my pro-
test, feeble though it may be, against this policy
being pursued any further. It seems t?8 me, Mr.
President, that the experience of the past should*
admonish us that whatever may have been the
intention of those who inaugurated this policy, it
is time that it should stop, and that there should
be an end of it. I know that by ray opposition
I cannot prevent the passage of this bill; out I
can do all that I am able to do, and that is to call
the attention of the Senate to the enormity 01 this
expenditure of the public lands; the large amount
of the public lands now being expended; and, as
a Senator representing one of the old btates, o
enter my protest against it, and record my vo e,
* * -r i 11  1~.i tliin  ♦ oacma trt fttfi.
videa tor is nine uunuruu tum iwcmruvw ,r3—• ;♦ aaam* tn me.
On five hundred and twenty-seven miles of the il as I trust I shall, against this, it seems to m  
