1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
701
vote by which an act providing for the regular
transmission of the mail on route No. 6842 was
yesterday referred to a Committee of the Whole
House. I merely ask that the motion be entered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask whether
. that is one of the bills taken from the Speaker's
table yesterday, and referred?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
it is not. It was reported from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider op the table.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider is
only entered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the mo-
tion be considered at this time.
Mr. MAXWELL. Is that in order?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. WHITNEY. I move to lay the motion
on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed by
the Clerk that the bill has been sent to the printer,
arid is not now in the possession of the House.
It therefore cannot be considered at this time.
Mr.tTONES, of Tennessee. Then the motion
toi reconsider is not in order.
The SPEAKER. It will be received and en-
tered for consideration. ,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. T suppose that
the engrossed bill of the Senate can be procured.
That certainly did not go to the printer.
The SPEAKER. It is in the Clerk's office.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Exactly, sir.
Then it is in the possession of the House.
The SPEAKER. It has been sent for.
CAPTAIN FREDERICK STEELE.
Mr. HUGHSTON. A week ago yesterday,
the House being in Committee of the Whole on
thePnvate Calendar, a bill for the relief of Captain
Frederick Steele, of the United States Army, was
reported back with"the recommendation that it do
pass. In conscquence of an alarm of fire no vote
was th|ft|takcn on the bill. I ask to have that
bill talHmfrom the Speaker's table, that it may
be considered at this time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There are a num-
ber of bills on the Speaker's table in the same
condition.
The SPEAKER. Is objection made ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRENTON. I move to reconsider the
vote whereby a bill (H. R. No. 817) for the relief
of the purchasers, their heirs or assignees, of a
portion of the sixteenth section of township six
north, of range nine west, in Sullivan county,
Indiana, was yesterday referred to the Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. BRENTON. I withdraw the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I withdraw my
objection to the motion to take from the Speaker^
table the bill for the relief of Brevet Captain
Frederick Steele, of the United States Army.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that bill.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table.
, Mr. HUGHSTON moved the previous ques-
tion on ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time.
_ Mr. STANTON. It was my motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. There is no motion to re-
consider. The bill was reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and went to the
Speaker's table because there was no time to act
upon it.
Mr. STANTON. The bill provides that credit
be allowed for money stolen from an acting assist-
ant quartermaster and commissary.
Mr. HUGHSTON. I called for the previous
question, and object to debate.
Mr. STANTON demanded tellers on the sec-
ond.
Tellers were ordered fand Messrs. Clark, of
Connecticut, and Marshall, of Illinois, were
appointed.
The bill was read. It provides that, in the set-
tlement of the accounts of Brevet Captain Fred-
erick Steele, of the United States Army, the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury shall
allow to his credit $3,000, the same being the
amount of Government money of which he Was
robbed, whilst he was acting assistant quarter-
master and commissary, near Stockton, in Cali-
fornia, on the 4th of March, 1849.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the substitute
which I propose for this bill be read, for the in-
formation of the House.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object. m
The question was taken; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 114, noes 10.'
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays
on ordering the bill to be engrossed and read a
third time; and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The House then refused to on^^the yeas and
navs. Mfk
The bill was cSPIed to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. HUGHSTON demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and on that question I have a
word to say. First, by way of argument, I ask
the Clerk to read my substitute.
Mr. HUGHSTON. I object to debate. I have
demanded the previous question on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I ask that my amendment
be read.
Mr. HUGHSTON. I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Stanton's
motion; and it was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. HUGHSTON moved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsidcr upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE ON ENGRAVING.
Mr. DAMRELL,from the Committee oh En-
graving, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the ii<uial number of copies of the maps
annexed to the documents accompanying the President's
message be punted, under the direction ol the Committee
on Engraving, for the use of this IIou.-c : Provided, The ex-
pense of such punting shall not exceed the bum of $1,112.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I understand that
the President's message and accompanying doc-
uments have been printed, and bound in two
parts, and a great number of them have been
delivered in the folding-room, and have been
folded and distributed. Now, what is the neces-
sity of engraving and printing maps when the
document has been printed and distributed?
Mr. DAMRELL. The engravings are required
for the copies for the use of the members and the
Departments.
Mr. NICHOLS. With the permission of the
House, I will explain what is intended to be em-
braced in this resolution. No maps ever accom-
pany the extra copies of the message; but it has
been the invariable practice of the House to print
a certain number of maps and exhibits to accom- i
pany the regular number of documents which is !
printed by order of the House, which embraces !
the reserved documents of the Government. One I
copy is distributed to each member of the House, !
and the balance are bound up in the shape of j
extra document's and are placed in all the depart-
ments of the Government for the purpose of ref-
erence. This resolution is intended to embrace
that object, and nothing more.
The resolution was agreed to.
MAIL ROUTE NO. 6842.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now call up the
motion, made by the gentleman from Florida, to
reconsider the vote by which the bill (S. No. 387)
to provide for the regular transmission of the rtfail
on route No. 6842, was referred to the Committee
of the Whole House; and I move that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. MAXWELL. I hope the gentleman from
Tennessee wHl withdraw that motion, inasmuch
as he will have an opportunity to malce it when-
ever I call up the motion to reconsider.
Mr. J0N&S, of Tennessee. If it is a private
bill i t should go where other private bills go. Let
it be placed upon the Priv'ate Calendar, m> that w6
may have an opportunity to discuss it. If it is
brought here by a motion to reconsider, the pre-
vious question will be called, and nobody will b&
able to debate it.
The question was taken on the motion to lay-
on the table; and it was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon the motion
to reconsider the vote by which tne bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole; and it was
agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to
be read a third time.
Mr. MAXWELL. I should be glad to have
the gentleman who reported this bill, make a
statement to the House of the facts connected
with this case.
Mr. WALKER. This bill originated in the
Senate, was sent to this House, referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and that committee devolved upon me the duty
of making a proper examination into its merits.
An investigation of the papers accompanying the
bill satisfied the committee that favorable action
should be had on the bill, and they instructed me to
report it back without amendment. There was
a contract grjyited by the Post Office Department
to the predecessor of Mr. Buckman, the benefi-
ciary or this bill, for the transportation of thfi.
mail between Bainbridge, Georgia, and Appa-
lachicola, Florida. The papers on file show that
after the change from a semi-weekly to a tri-
weekly mail, the expenses were largely increased,
and"the original contract pay wholly inadequate.
I need not comment upon tlie necessity of keep-
ing up this mail service to the citizens living at the
termini of this route, as well as those at inter-
mediate points. The contract price was $7,500.
Upon the transfer to Buckman, he placed two
new steamers on the route, and has performed the
service with great regularity. Among the papers
sent to us from the Senate, are exhibits show-
ingthe receipts and expenditures of the contractor
per annum, from which it appears that heavy
losses have been incurred by him. The memo-
rials from the citizens of Appalachicola, forming
a part of the ease, strongly urge the allowance of
additional compensation, and warrant the belief *
that if it is withhcldMHbey must lose the advant*
ages they now enjo^r 1 think the bill ought to
pass.
Mr. MAXWELL. The Government is per-
fectly secured by this bill 'against imposition,
inasmuch as it provides that there shall be an ad-
vertisement for thirty days asking for bids, and
if any can be had for a less amount than that
prescribed, the contract will be given to the per-
son so bidding.
Mr. WAKEMAN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thoring-
ton and Zollicoffer were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-—
ayes 80, noes 50.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays. This is a very important principle for
the House to take into its hands to contract with
parties for carrying the mails.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; andifc was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, noes 70; as follows:
YEAS—Mn«s<srs. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Call, Barbour,
Barksdale, .Cell, Henry Bennett, IlendleyS. Bennett, Ben-
son, Bingham, Bishop, Bowie, Brcnton, Broom, Burl in-
game, Burnett, James 11. Campbell, John P. Campbell,
Lewis I). Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Cling-
man, Conuns, Covode, Cox, Cmwfoid, Davidson, Jacob
C. Davis Denver, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dowdell, Dunn,
Edmundson, Edwards,"Elliott, Eustia, Flagler, Florence,
Foster, Heniy M. Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Greenwood,
Robert B. Hall, Harrison, Xlerbeit, Thomas R. Horton,
Houston, liughston, Knight, Lake.Loiter,Lumpkin,Mace,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mill-
ward, Moore, Morrill, Morrison, Pelton, Porter, Uuitman,
Rieaucl. Roberts, Itobison, Salun, Sandtdge, Sapp, Shorter,
Samuel A. Smith, William R. Smith, Stewart, Swope, Tay-
lor, Thonngton. Tnppe, Underwood, Vaii, Wakeman,
Walker, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wells, Whitney,
Wins-low, Wood, and Daniel B. Wright—93.
NAVS — Messrs. Allison, Barclay, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Buffinton, Carhie, Caskie, dawson, Williamson It. W.
Cobb, Colfax, Cumback, Damre/f, Day, Dean, Dodd, Dur-
fee, Emne. Etheridge, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Granger, Har-
lan, Thomas L. Harris, Hodges, Hoffman, Holloway,
Valentine B. Horton, Howaid, George W. Jones, Kelly,
Kunkel, Letcher, MeCarty, McQueen, Killian Miller, Mor-
gan, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Packer, Parker,
Pearce, Peck, Perry, JPettit, Pike, Powell, Pnnsle, Purvi-
ance. Fuiyear, Ready, Robbing, Kuffin,^age, Scott, Sher-
man, William Smith, Sneed. Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,
Thurston, Traffcm, Wade, Waldron, Cadwaladev C. Wash-
