702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
burne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Woodruff, John V. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—70.
So the bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Pending the call,
Mr. KONKEL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Todd, was detained from the House by sickness.
Mr. MAXWELL moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clingman*
and Buffinton- were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 81, noes 39.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WALKER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SAPP. I move the House resolve itself
into a Committee of the Whole House.
^ The SPEAKER. It is not in order at this
time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask whether it is
in order to take up the private bills on the Speak-
er's table, which were passed upon*in committee
yesterday ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order as soon
as the morning hour expires.
IOWA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of tins House be directed to pay
out of the contingent lund of this House, to 11. L. 15. CI.uk,
thfi iisiml mileage, for the fimt session of this Con^ro^, and
a per diem compensation, at the late of eight dollars per
diem for the first session of this Congress to be leckoned
from the first day of said session to the 6th day of last May.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. What ease in
that? 1 object to it.
The SPEAKER. It is a report from the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That in not a
priviiegt d report.
The SPEAKER. No; it is on the call of com-
. mitfees for private reports, and is in the regular
order. gk
Mr. BURNETT. I defflflj to make an inquiry
of the gentleman who reported that resolution,
whether Mr. Clark has ever been in the city of
Washington attending the sessions of dm House,
except for a few weeks?
Mr. BINGHAM. He has been.
Mr. BURNETT. How long was ho hete?
. Mr. BINGHAM. He was here from the be-
ginning of the last session until the Oth of May,
and that is the oniy time for which he is allowed
compensation.
Mr. BURNETT. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker,
that to pay mileage and per diem to gentlemen
who come here and contest the seats of members
of the House, is offering a premium to men to
come and do so. It seems to me that this has
grown into an evil which requires at the hands of
this House a rebuke. Here we have had several
instances of the kind at the last session of Con-
gress. We had%ien coming hero contesting the
«eats of members on this lloor, who had not a
particle of right or claim to the seat which they
were contesting. Here now is the case of this
gentleman who comes here to contcst the seat of
the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Hai l,] and who
had no claim whatever to the seat—the Commit-
tee of Elections having unanimously reported a res-
olution during; the present session of this House,
stating that the sitting member is entitled to the
seat. And now that committee reports another
resolution asking this House to pay the contestant
compensation and mileage for having contested a
peat to which he had no claim. Is it just? Is it
right? is it the course for the national Legisla-
ture to pursue ? Pass tins resolution, and we'olfer
a premium to every opponent of members of
Congress in every congressional district, to come
here and claim mileage and perdiem. I,for one,
will never vote to give pay and mileage to men
who are not entitled to seais upon this floor. The
laws of the country do not give them compensa-
tion, and they ought not to have it.
Mr. Speaker, another thing has been suggested
to me. I understand there was a written agree-
ment between the sitting member and this con-
testant, that they would not, during the last ses-
sion, move in this case for one hundred days.
This agreement was acquiesced in by the com-
mittee who had charge of the subject; and yet,
under this private agreement, this Mouse is asked
to vote this contestant, who has been declared
not to be entitled to a seat upon this lloor,.pay and
mileage for all that time. Is this not true? I
would inquire of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bii&ham] whether the contestant and the sitting
member did not agree to defer action in this case
for one hundred days during the last session, and
whether there was any action during that time?
Mr. BINGHAM. There was a postponement
of the consideration of this case for one hundred
days, in order that both parties might go home
ancl take testimony.
Mr. BURNETT. Was not that an agreement
between these parties ?
Mr. BINGHAM. This ^plution does not
embrace that agreement at all.
Mr. BURNETT. I care not whether it in-
cludes the agreement or not. I object to the
the whole matter on principle.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a question of order.
This is not a bill, and can a member, under a
call on committees for reports of bills, report a
resolution proposing to pay money out of the con-
tingent fund ? I insist that this resolution is not
! embraced in the call on committees for repoits of
bills.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. This point of
order was decided at the last session of Congress.
The SPEAKER. This day, under the rules,
is set apart for the consideration of private busi-
ness; one hour in the morning is devoted to the
reception of reports on private cases from the
standing committees. This resolution has been
reported from the Committee of Elections in the
regular order of business. If the subject has
been referred to the committee in any way, the
Chair is of the opinion that the resolution is in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. As the Chair puts it onthat
ground, I Will inquire whothorthe Journal shows
that the subject was referred to the Committee of
Elections ?
The ^SPEAKER. Tin? memorial ot this con-
testant was refern d to that committee.
Mr. BURNETT. Air. Speaker, to know how
fast this species of legislation is growing on our
hands, members need only look at the, cases
parsed at the last session of Congress. Gentle-
men on the other side voted mileage awl compen-
sation to men who came here without the shadow
of a right (o a seat upon this floor. A resolution
was passed by their votes giving compensation
and mileage to A. H. Ileeder, who had no right
to represent Kansas in this House. Mileage and
compensation was voted to the gentleman who
came hoie to contest the seat of the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ai.lent] on a mere technical-
ity. In this ease, although the committee report
against the claim of this party, yet we have here
a resolution to give him mileage and compensa-
tion. Is this l ight? Is this the way in which we
should appropriate the money of the people?
I inquired of the gentleman who reported this
resolution the length of time this contestant, was
in this city, but I have not received an answer
from him. T cannot learn how long he was in this
city. I will now make a motion to test the sense
of the House on this question, to see how far they
are willing to carry on this system of legislation.
I move that the resolution lie laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1 ask the gen-
tleman to withdraw that motion until I can make
some remarks in reply to what he has said.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 withdraw it if the gentle-
man will renew it.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will renew
it, if the gentleman wishes it.
Mr. NICHOLS. Can the gentleman from Ken-
tucky give the lloor to the gentleman from Maine
with the understanding that a certain motion is to
be renewed ? I object to it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recognizes no
such understanding. The Chair has recognized
the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The facts in
this.case are few and simple. Mr. Clark came
here at the commencement of this Congress, and
presented his claim to the seat now held upon
this floor by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Hall.] The belief was strong with the Com-
mittee of Elections, or a portion of them at least,
and 1 think a majority, that in point of fact the
contestant received the larger number of good
votes, and that if all the facts in the case had
been properly presented to them, it would have
so appeared. The parties appeared before the
committee. They filed their requests and state-
ments and arguments, from time to time, until
some time in May or June last, when it was
agreed between them that there should be an
armistice for one hundred days, during which
they could go home and take further testimony.
They did go home; and at the commencement of
this session, Mr. Clark sent here such testimony
as he had taken since his return to Iowa, and it
was referred to the Committee of Elections.
The committee examined the testimony. They
came to the conclusion that there was not suffi-
cient evidence to justify the unseating of the sit-
ting member; but they did not find, as the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Burnett] suggests,
that there was no shadow of a claim on the part
of this contestant. A majority of the committee,
I thmk, believed that, if all the facts were pre-
sented, they would show he was rightfully enti-
tled to a seat upon this lloor. They were not sat-
isfied, however, that the evidence was sufficient
to prove the election of the contestant. Conse-
quently they did as they were obliged to do, and
reported a resolution that the sitting member was
entitled to the seat he occupied upon this floor.
Mr. Clark came here with what I am sure he
believed, in his conscience, was a good claim.
He acted in perfect good faith, and did what he
regarded his duty to the people of the district he
claimed to represent; and the Committee of Elec-
tions were unanimous in opinion that he should
receive pay and mileage up to the time he left
this city last spring, under the agreement before
referred to.
I now renew, as I must, under the promise I
made the gentleman from Kentucky, the motion
; that the resolution be laid upon the tables
Mr. THORINGTON. I want it tolpb upon
the u-cord that Mr. Clark came to Washington
for no other purpose but to contcst the seat of
my colleague, [Mr. II\ll.]
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yeas and nays
on the motion that this resolution be laid upon tlie
table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was token; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 80, nays 86; as follows:
VKAH — Mep«r< Aiken, Alters, Alien, Bark*df>le, Bell,
fleiuih-yS. lknnett, Bovwe. H ranch, 13iooni.Bunieu, John
X'. Campbell. C'aihie, Caruthei:=, (Jackie, Ohngrnan, Wil-
liamson R \V. Cobb, Cox. Ciasgo, Oi.uvfoid, Daud&ou,
Jacob C. Dco'k Day. Dcnvci, Dovvdell, Dunn, 13fhnmi(]-on,
Faulkuei. Ploienee, Foster. Gieenivood, Auuu-tm Hal!,
Hoffman. Ilou-ton, Jcwett.Gcoi^e W. Jones, Kent, Kelly,
Keimett, Kulwi'l). T.akc, Lciter, f.etcher, Lumpkin, Sam-
uel S. Machall, Mc.Mulhn, IMcCiueen. Milhon, Miihvaid,
Nk'IioK Mouleeai Oliver, Packei, Peck, Powell, Puiyear,
Uintiii.ni, Ke.ule, R-'.idy, ilieaud. Robbing, Ruiuu, tfan-
djjdyc. ^<'v;ii>e, c-ewaid, Shoftei, William Smith, Sneed,
me^-ait, Talbot;, Tajloi, Thurston, Tuppe, Undetvvood,
Walkei, Watkm«, Wheelei, Whitney, Williams, Wins low,
Darnel B. Wught, and John V. Wnght—80,
NAYS—.AleWti. Aibu ht, Allison, Rail, Barhour, Henry
Bennett, Beiwm, Bingham, Bishop, Bradsiiaw, Bienton,
Bulhnton. James H. Campbell. Lcwh D. Campbell, C'baf-
j fee. Jjzi,') Cbn k, Cl,i\v-.on, CoI(.i\, Comm-. (lovnde, Ciagm,
CumlKtck, Oamrei!, llcniy Wintei David, Timothy Davn,
Deaa, Diek-on, Uodd. Durfce, JGdwaids, Emue, Flagler,
Gallon :r, . Gilbert, Gumgei, Robeit B. Hall, Hailon, Ilar-
n-on. JiodiC^. Hollowav, ThomasR. Ilorton, Valentine B.
(louon, 1 b>waul, [lughston, Kinjr, fvnapp, Kiu^hr, Knowl-
ton. Kuukel. Maee, .McCazty, Kiiiian Miller, Moigan. Mor-
iil). Mom -Me.iriy, Norton, Parker, Peaice,' Pe<t>, Pettit,
1'oitei, Pnnple, Purvianee, Roberts, Sabin, Sage. Sapp,
Scott. Himmon?., Spinum, Stanton, ytianahan, Thoitneron,
Ti.utotj, Wade, Wakcman, Walbudje, Waldrcn, Cadvval-
adcr C. Wa.-hbume. Eihlm 13. Washburne, Tsrael Wash-
burn. Watson, Welch. Wood, Woodruff, and Woudworth
So the House refused to lay the resolution
upon the (able.
Mr. BINGIIAM, I call for the previous ques-
tion on the adaption of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has not the morn-
ing hour expired ? -
The {SPEAKER. It to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move, then,
that the House proceed to the consideration of
the business upon the Speaker's table.
Mr. OLINGMAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to tiie resolution of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The morning
