704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
Mr. HORTON, of Ohio, then proceeded to
address the House on the tariff question, and
spoke for half an hour.
Mr. HOUSTON, (interrupting.) I was going
to make this suggestion to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Horton.] He is delivering a speech
which ought to be listened to by every member
Of the House, and there is just half an hour of
his time gone. I was going to suggest to him
whether he would not prefer taking his chance
of getting an opportunity to speak in committee
Ofl Monday. We are exhausted, and cannot sit
any longer.
Mr. HORTON assented.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
iesumed the chair, Mr. H. Marshall reported
that the Committee of the "Whple on the state of
the Union had had under consiftration the Union
generally, and particularly the special order, being
the bill to reduce the duty on imports and for
other purposes, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
Mr. CAD WALADER offered tho following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interiorbe requested
to furnish to this House an estimate of tlip cost of a budding
for the accommodation of the courts of the Uiiited States
for the eastern district of Pennsylvania.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to reconsider the vote
whereby House bill No. 872 was referred.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There is no quo-
tum here, and I object to anything being done.
The SPEAKER. _ The gentleman from Indi-
ana can make a motion to reconsider, and have it
entered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. While there is not
a quorum present ?
The SPEAKER. There has been no vote
showing that there is no quorum present.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 have a propo-
sition from the Committee of Ways and Means
in reference to the tariff; and as debate m draw-
ing to a close, I ask to have it printed.
► The prrathti: was ordered,
_ Mr. LETCHER. I like to make some
little inquiry about this pWflfeiuon. I desire to
know from my colleague what proposition this is.
We have had one from him which was with-
drawn. There is a second one, which is the sub-
ject of diycussion; and 1 want to know wherein
this differs from the other two3
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In reply to what
has fallen from my colleague on the Committee
of Ways and Means, I will simply state that the
majority of that committee reported a bill, in
August last, increasing the free list. A piomise
was made by the minority of that committee at
that time that they would, before the close of the
last session of Congress, report a bill, together
with their reasons why it should pass. But no
such report was made. At the opening of this
session my colleague did report a substitute,
which he subsequent! j^Filhdrew'. That led to
another proposition from the majority of the
Committee of Ways and Means; and, by way
of explanation, I will inform the gentleman that
that majority have now fallen back upon the ori-
ginal proposition to increase the free list alone,
as a compromise between conflicting interests.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hold in my hand a copy
of the bill which was matured by the Committee
of Ways and Means two years ago; and as this
seems to be an occasion prolific of amendments,
I will submit that as an amendment, that it may
be printed, and taken by the House in lieu of a
better one.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have read that
bill long since, but I am glad it is offered at this
time.
The SPEAKER. Both propositions will be
ordered to be printed, under the order of the
House made some days since.
Mr. LETCHER. Am I to understand that
my colleague's proposition is the original prop-
osition of the committee, unaltered in any respect?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. There are some
modifications. The free list is increased.
Mr. LETCHER. How about the duties in
the high er schedules ?
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. They remain the
same. My purpose was to have the amendment
printed in order that gentlemen might act intelli-
gently and understanding!})-.
On motion of Mr. UNDERWOOD, the House
then (at four o'clock and nine minutes, p. m.)
adjourned until Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, February 16, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. WELLER presented the credentials of the
Hon. William M. Gwin, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of the State of California, for the
term of six yejp, commencing on the 4th day of
March, 1855; which were readjand the oath pre-
scribed by law having been animate red to Mr.
Gwra, be took his seat in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the credentials
of the Hon. Hannibal Hamlin, elected a Sen-
ator by the Legislature of the State of Maine, for
six years, commencing on the 4th day of March,
1857; which were read, and ordered to be filed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with^t resolution of the
Senate, a report of Captain Thomas J. Cram on
the Oceanic routes to California; which was, on
motion of Mr. Weller, ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented seven petitions of
merchants and others, residing in Philadelphia,
praying for the adoption of measures for increas-
ing the trade of the United States with Africa;
which wore referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
lie also presented a petition of that portion of
the Rtoekbiidge tribe of Indians who emigrated
to the Indian territory in 1839, praying that no
legislation m.'iy he had in regard to land set apart
for the New York Indians without the consent of
all the tribes, and that those lands may bo pro-
tected from the encroachments of squatters; which
was referred to the Committee oil Indian Aflairs.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, presented a
memorial of the Common Council of the city of (
Tien ton, and two memorials of the Governor, |
members of the State Legislature, judges, and ]
citizens of New Jersey, praying that ail appro- '
priation may be made for the erection of a suit-
able building in that city forthe accommodation of
the post office, custom-house, and United States
courts; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FISH presented a memorial of the Cham-
ber of Commerce of the city of New York, for
the adoption of measures to establish a mail route
from Panama to Valparaiso, and the intermediate
ports, to connect with American mail lines at As-
pinwall; which was referred to tho Committee on
tho Post Office and Post lloads.
Mr. HUNTER presented apetition of citizens
of Alexandria, Virginia, praying for ail appro-
priation for improving tho buildings and extend-
ing tho grounds of the United States arsenal at
Washington; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MALLORY presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Washington and Georgetown, in favor of
an appropriation for improving the buildings and
extending the grounds attached to the Washington
arsenal; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. YULEE presented the memorial of Dan-
iel Kerr, heir ana legal representative of John D.
Kerr, an officer in the war of 1812, who was slam
in battle, praying that certain charges standing
against him on the books of the Treasury may be ,
canceled, and that his heirs may be permitted to i
draw the art ears of pay to which hewai entitled; '
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom were referred the following bills,
reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 514) for the relief of Tar-
ranee Kirby-, and
A bill (H. R. 471) for the relief of the
surviving children of John Gilbert, a revolution-
ary soldier.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was recom-
mitted the memorial of Emma A. Wood, sub-
mitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
598) for the relief of Emma A. Wood, widow of
the late Brevet Major George W. F. Wood, of
the United States Army. The bill was read, and
passed to a second reading; and the report was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom-
were referred the following bills, reported them
without amendment:
A bill (H.R. No. 557) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of Sarah Van Felt, widow of John
Van Pelt, a revolutionary soldier; and
A bill (H. R. No. 531) for the relief of James
Phelps, a revolutionary soldier.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom were referred the following
bills, reported them without amendment:
A bill (H. R.No. 535) for the relief of Charlea
Parish, a soldier of the war of 1812; and
A bill (H. R. No. 484) for the relief of George
Cassaday.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial of A 
S. Taylor, submitted an adverse report thereonj
which was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged fiom the further consideration of the bill (S. No.
561) for the relief of William James, and that it bo referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of the petition of
William Iloddy, and the memorial of Thomas Howard, and
that they he referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be dis-
charged fjom the further consideration of a petition of cit-
izens of Wa^hmjiton, relative «o the pay of the Marin©
Hand; and a petition of officers at the naval station at
Philadelphia, for additional compensation.
On motion of Mr. SEBASTIAN, it was
Ordeied, That the Committee on Indian Aflairs be dts-
chained Jrom the further consideration of the memorial
of James Manej and others, descendant* of Cheiokee In-
dians.
WILLIAM CRATG.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 480)
for the relief of William Craig, have directed me
to report it back, nnd recommend its passage. I
am requested by its friends to ask for its consid-
eration now.
Mr. B1GLER. I hope it^will be considered.
It is perfectly right.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill, which proposes to
ajlow William Craig, of Pennsylvania, a pension
|||keight dollars a month, from November 22,
?Io53, during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
VINCENNES LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. BRIGHT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 52) to return to the land office at
Vinccnnes, Indiana, certain deeds transmitted to
the General Land OfHce by the board of commis-
sioners appointed under the act "to ascertain and
adjust the titles to certain lands in the State of
Indiana," approved July 27, 185*4; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. BRIGHT. I shall ask the Senate to con-
sider and pass this joint resolution, after I have
made a short statement in regard to it. A law
passed by Congress some years since provides
that all land offices having less than one hundred
thousand acres of land undisposed of shall be
discontinued. The office at Vincennes was one
among that number. At the last Congress, it
#as ascertained that there were many conflicting
claims to title in that district, and it became neces-
sary to reestablish the land office at Vincennes.
Before the officers can settle many of the titles,
it becomes necessary to have all the papers con-
nected with the office, and this resolution pro-
vides that the papers belonging to that office be
