THE OFFICIAL PEQCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
  ' - .....     ■ 1 1     1 ■■    '   ■  
New SeriiBP. . .No. 45^
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Sess
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1857.
returned. I have a letter from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, which I ask may be
read; and then I appeal to the Senate for the
consideration and passage of this joint resolution.
The Secretary read the following letter:
General Land Office, January 13,1857.
Sir: In reply to your oral inquiry respecting the ori-
ginal deeds in cases adjudicated by the Board of Commis-
sioners at Vincennes, under the act of July 27, 1854, and
which deeds were returned to this office with the report of
tile said board, I have the honor to state that I see no objec-
tion to fficir being returned to Vincennes, provided it is so
ordered by a resolution of Congress.
W|th great rpspect, your obedient servant,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS, Commissioner.
Hon. Smith Miller, House of Representatives.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
joint resolution, which directs that in all cases
where deeds and evidences of title have been
transmitted to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office under the act t£ to ascertain and ad-
just the titles to certain lands in the State of In-
diana," approved July 27, 1854, such deeds and
evidences of titles, in all cases where there has
been any action on the same, whether confirmed
pr rejected by the board of commissioners con-
stituted under that act, shall be returned by the
.commissioner to the original claimants.
The joint resolution was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CLINTON GUARDS OF MICHIGAN.
Mr. CASS. I desire, Mr. President, to ask
the Senate to take up the bill (H. R. No. 240) for
the relief of the officers and privates of the Clin-
ton Guards, of the county of Macomb, in the
State of Michigan. A bill for that purpose passed
the Senate, ana went to the House of Represent-
atives. The House have, however, passed a bill
of the same kind, of the same purport, but rather
more particular in its details. I ask the Senate
to take up that bill for consideration. I presume
there can be no objection to it. This company
were ordered out in the difficulties on the North-
west by the Governor of Michigan, and it is
found necessary to come to Congress in order to
supply some deficiency in the proof.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the whole, to consider the
bill, the object of which is to direct the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to settle at like rates
as similar services have heretofore been paid, the
accounts of the company of Clinton Guards, of
the third regiment, third brigade, third division,
of the Michigan militia, upon satisfactory proof
that they were ordered into the service of the
United States by the Governor of Michigan, on
the requisition of the United States marshal, for
-the maintenance of the neutral obligations and
laws of the United States in 1838, and rendered
" service.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
Mr, CASS. I understand that there came from
the House of Representatives, with the bill, the
muster-roll of the company, which, of course, is
not wanted here. I asifleave to withdraw it, that
it may be used in evidence before the proper
accounting officer.
Leave was granted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 596)
•to refund the ascertained balance due to the State
of Massachusetts; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HUNTER asked, ar.d by unanimous con-
- sent obtained, leave to bring in abill(S. No. 597)
to establish a steajn ferry over the Potomac river,
at the site of the Long Bridge, and for other pur-
poses; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District .of Co-
lumbia.
COURTtHOUSE AT TALLAHASSEE.
-Mr, YULEE submitted the following resolu-
45
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of making an appro-
priation for the construction of a building at Tallahassee,
the capital of the State of Flonda, for the accommodation
of the courts of the United States and other public offices
of the United States.
SURVEYOR GENERAL AT DUBUQUE.
Mr. TOOMBS submitted the following reso-
lution*, which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That thq^fecretary of the Interior be instruct-
ed to inform the Senate whether, in Ins opinion, the public
convenience would be subserved by transferring tlie sur-
veyor general's office at Dubuque to some point higher
up on the Mississippi river, and more central in the unsur-
veyed portions of the district.
PROFESSOR Espr's REPORT.
Mr. TOOMBS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That three thousand additional copies of Pro-
fessor Espy's fourth meteorological report be printed for
the use of the Senate.
REBECCA BURDSALL.
_ Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Court of Claims be requested to return
to the Senate the papeis m the case. of JKebecca Burdsall,
widow of Ira Burdsall, against the United States.
INTEROCEANIC CANAL.
Mr. BRODHEAD submitted the following res-
olution for consideration:
Reiolved, That the Committee on Commerce be diiected
to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the Secretaiy
of War and of the Navy, under direction of the President
of the United States, to employ such officers of the Army
and Navy as they may think pioper, to make such explora-
tion and verification of several surveys already made for
a ship canai near the Isthmus of Darien, to connect the
waters of the Pacific with the Atlantic by the Atrato and
Truunda rivers, in compliance with the suggestions con-
tained in the memorial of the Board of Trade of the city of
Philadelphia, and the letter of the Secretary of the Navy,
dated the 8th of August, 3856, and the letter of the Sccic-
tary of War, dated the 13th of August, 1856.
PECULATIONS IN POST OFFICES.
Mr. Ash. I offer the following resolution of
inquiry, which I ask the Senate to consider at
once:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be instiucted to
inform the Senate whether any, and if any, what additional
legislation is required to insure the transmission through
the post offices and the delivery to the parties to whom they
are directed, of the public documents piinted by oider of
either House of Congress, and franked by Senators or mem-
bers of the House of Representatives.
I presume it is the experience of every Senator
as well as myself, that with regard, especially to
the larger and more valuable documents printed
by Congress, it is rarely that a set reaches a party
to whom they may be directed. If it consists
of more than one volume, one or the other, and
sometimes all, fail to reach their destination. I do
not pretend to know or suggest where the fault
lies; but it is very manifest that something is
necessary, if we are to continue the system of
publishing documents for the benefit of the pub-
lic, that they should reach those for whom they
are intended. Where they go now I do not know.
I hope the resolution will be adopted.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. WELLER. I move to take up the House
bill increasing the pay of the officers of the Army.
Mr. EVANS. I am very anxious to have the
bill for the relief of Dr. James Morrow considered.
Mr. SEWARD. I must afck the indulgence
of the honorable Senators to allow me to take up
the bill which the Senator from Virginia [Mr.
Hunter] agreed, to consider this morning.
Mr. WEJL.LER.. I give way.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the,bill (S. No.
586) to amend the " Actreducingthe duty on im-
ports, and for other purposes," passed July 30,
1846, was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
amend the eighth section o^Bie act of July 30,
1846, so as to read:
Seo. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall be law-
ful for the owner, consignee, or agent of imports which
have been actually purchased, or procured otherwise than
by purchase, on entry of the same, to make such addition
in the entry to the cost oi value given in the invoice as, in
his opinion, may raise the same to the true market value
of such imports in the principal markets of Hie country
whence the importation shall have been made; and to add
thereto all costs and charges which, under existing laws,
would form part of the true value at the port where the
same may be entered, upon which the duties should be as-
sessed. And it shall bo the duty of the collector, "Within
whose djgtt ict the same may be imported or entered, to cause
the dutiable value of such imports to be apprais^gstimated,
and ascertained, m accordance with the provisraro of exist-
ing laws; and if the appiaised value thereof shall exceed by
ten pei centum or more, fte value so declared on the entry,
then, in addition to the duties imposed by law on the same,
there shail be levied, collected, and paid a duty of twenty
per centum ad valoiem on such appraised value: Provided,
nevertheless, That under no circumstances shall the duty be
assessed upon an amount less than the invoice or entered
value, any law of Congress to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. ADAMS. I offer the following amendj*
ment as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and immediately
after the passage of this act it shall be the duty of the Post-
master General to enter into contracts with any individuals
or companies who may piopose to carry the United States
mails upon any laihoad now finished, in whole or in part,
or hereafter to be constructed, not to exceed once daily
each way for the term of eight years; and that any indi-
vidual or company so contacting and entering into bond
and good sccutity, to be approved by the Postmaster Gen-
eral and Seerctaiy of the Treasury, shall be entitled, in full
compensation for s>ueh service, to import, without the pay-
ment of any other dutie*. all the iron necessary to be used
in the conduction, repair, or relaying of such railroad
during the continuance of such contract.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the honorable Senator
from Mississippi will not insist, and I feel quite
sure the Senate will not insist, on incumbering this
bill with an amendment which is not germane.
I will state the objects and reasons for the bill
itself. It is one, I need not say, in which I have
no personal interest. The bill was introduced at
the instance of the Secretary of „the Treasury,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and was
reported as one for which there was urgent need.
I will read from the communication of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury so much as will show the
necessity of passing the bill at once:
"As the law now stands, therefore, upon the construc
tion which the courts appear inclined to give to it, the for
eign manufacturer or producer is not subject to an addi-
tional dutvforundei-valuatjon; while theimporterwhopur-
chases in the foreign maiket, and imports into the United
States, h. The foreign manufacturer, or producer, in any
experiments he may choose to try upon the public rev-
enue by under-valuation-i mns no such risk, of additional
duty as that to which hU competitor, the American mer-
chant, who purchases his imports abroad, is exposed. This
discrimination again&t the domestic importer in favor of the
foreign is as impolitic as n is unjust."
I have performed a duty to the Government and
the country by introducing this bill, and by en-
deavoring to get it passed here, so that it may
obtain the favorable consideration of the other
House at this session. As the amendment is of
an entirely distinct nature and character, and pro-
poses to affect the policy of the Government, I
do not propose to discuss it now, but to ask the
Senate to vote it down.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise to a question of
order. The original bill before the Senate is one
not contested; it is a matter of small importance.
The bill offered as an amendment is a t^ry import-
ant measure, and one which is, and will be, and
ought to be, much contested. It involves twenty
millions of money, or nearly that. It isa question
affecting the revenue, and therefore should go to
the Committee on Finance. I raise the question
.whether it is in order to offer this amendment.
If it is in order, I propose to take the floor in op-
position to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
considers it in order when, offered in the form of
an amendment. ** '
Mr. ADAMS. The bill proposed by the Sen-
ator from'Ne-vnYork is in reference to-the collec-
tion of duties and the revenue of the country.
This amendment is on the same subject, and
