THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodworthj Daniel B. Wright, and Zol-
Kcoffer—J15.
''So-the House refused to suspend the rules,
(two thirds not voting in the affirmative.)
• Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, obtained the floor.
' Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to re-
consider the vote by which the House, on Satur-
day last, refused to lay upon the table the resolu-
tion-to pay Mr. ClarK, contesting the seat of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Halj.,] per diem and
'mileage.. I ask that the motion be received and
entered upon the Journal.
•The motion was entered.
.WHITBMARSH B. SEABROOIC AND OTHERS.
~ Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House that the Committee
of the Whole House be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill (No. 527") for
the relief of Whitcmarsh B. Seabrook and otners,
ar\d. that it be put upon its passage.
_ ,Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the i
regular order of business. I
i SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the j
rules be suspended for the purpose stated. The ,
bill makes no appropriation, but leaves*the entire j
matter to the decision of the Secretary of "War. j
, The bill was read. It authorizes and directs j
the Secretary of War to examine and settle, upon j
the principles of equity and justice, the claim of
Whutemarsh B. Seabrook and others, officers, I
musicians, and privates composing the Edisto 1
Island company of militia, in South Carolina, in
the war of 1812, and that he allow those who are
living,and the heirs of those deceased, the amount
of pay and allowances to which each of them
would have been entitled, according to their re-
spective positions, under the regulations of the
service at that time, for such length of time as
they shall each of them be proved to have served
in aefenae of the iuland during the war; and that
lie allow them just and reasonable compensation
for the material and labor which shnll be proved
to have been expended by them m the erection of
two fortifications on^that island, for the pmposo
of defense in .the war; also, that the JSecretory of
the Treasury pay, out of any money in tiie Treas-
ury not othrrwi.se appropriated, the amount ad-
judicated to be due the parties by the Secretary of
War.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. T call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Elliott and
Dick were appointed.
The House divided*, and the tellers reported—
ayes 103, noes 57.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
• Mr. FLAGLER. 1 wish to impure of the
gentleman from Tennessee whether this bill was
unanimously reported fiom the Committee on
Military Affairs ?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It was. ^
Mr. FLAGLER. I was advised that it was
not so.
Mr. KEITT. With the permission of the
House I will make a single remark in reference
to thig case.
Mr. SAGfE. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. KEITT. This bill passed the Senate by
a unanimous vote, after a full discussion. All
the members of the Senate voted for it a year
ago, and the Committee on Military Affairs of
this House have reported unanimously in favor
of it.
Air. MILLER, of New York. I object to
debnto.
The question was then taken; and there were
■—>yeas J28, nays (jl; as follows:
YEAS — Me^is. Aiken, Akors, Allen, Bali, Jlarel.ty,
Baikidale, HH!. Hundley B. Bennett, Bishop, Jlocoek,
f.unvie, Bianch, iliuiton. Broom, Burnett, John P
brll, Lewis D. (.'ami-ivl!, Carhle, Caskle, Oh alike. JUrvaid
Clarke/Clingman, Couijik, Co\ode, Crawinrd, Davidson,
Jacob O. Davi-. Tiworisy Davi?, Do Witt. Dowde)), Dunn,
Edmundi&on. Edwards. KiSioif. Kmne, Knghsh, Etheridge^
F.iulfcnoi, Florence, Fossttu <Jeniy M. Fuller, GartwUt,
C4oode, Greenwood; Itobeif 11. rial'. J. Morrison Haais,
S'imp«ou W. Harris, Harmon, Huvn, Ileibfnt, Hoffman,
Thomas It. Horfon, Houston, Hughston, Jewell, Keitt,
" Keil3%Kcnnctt,ividwej], Kin?. Knajip.Kmglu,Knox, Lake,
Lt'it' LetcU'*r, J,umpkin, Mace, Alexander fC. Marshall,
flurKp'aroy Marshall, Wmtiu'el 9. ATar.-halL Maxwell, Mc-
Mpilin. Mcliaeen,Smith Mi!lr:r}Millfcon; iyliiiward, Moore,
Morrison, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Motdecai Oliver,
Packer,Paine, Feavcc, Peek, Pelton, Phelps, i'oweii, rut-
year, Quitman, Reade, Ricaud, Robison, Ituffin, Sandidge,
Savage, Seward, Shorter, Sainuel A. Smith, William K.
Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stewart, Stranahan, Swope, 1'al
bott, Thurston, Tnppc, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Wake-
man, Walker, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Watson, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Win&low, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodworth, Daniel £. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zol-
hcoffer—-128.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Buffinton, James
II. Campbell, Ezra Clark, dawson, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Colfax, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Day, Dean, Diek,
Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Granger, Harlan, Hodges, Holloway, Valentine fc. Horton,
Howard, George W.Jones, Ivunkel, McCarty, Kilhan Mil-
ler, Moigan, Mornll, Murray, Parker, Pennington, Perry,
Pettit, Pike, Ready, Robblns, Sabin, Sa?e, Sapp, Scott,
Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Tappan, Tborington, Traf-
ton, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
buine, Ellihu B. Washburne, aud Welch—61.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. WOODWORTH stated that Mr. Norton
was detained from the House by indisposition.
Mr. ALLISON said: Being one of the mem-
bers of the Committee on Military Affairs, I
deem it due to myself to say that the statement
that this bill was reported unanimously by that
committee is on error.
The question recurring on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, called the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I hope the gentleman
from Tennessee will not insist ugon the previous
question, as wo want to make anreSumonts to the
bill, so as to provide for others in other parts of
thr country who are in the samu position as those
provided for in this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I cannot with-
draw the previous question. This bill has passed
the Senate two or three times.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. SAGE. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided m
the negative—yeas 59, nays 115; as follows:
Y10AS—Albiight, Allison, Ilenry Bennett, Bing-
ham, Bliss, BnuMuuv, Buthnton, James II. Campbell,
dawson, Williamson Jt. W. Cobb, Colfax, Cumback, Oam-
icll, Day, Dean, I)iek, Dickson, Dodd, Ethcrulge, Flakier,
Thomas J. ]). Fuller, Calloway, Granger, Harlan', Hodges,
Holloway, Valentine B. Uorton, Ho\vald,Ceoigc W.Jones,
Knight, Kunkel, Loiter, Lctcher, [liunphicy Maishall,
MoCarty, Kilhan Miller, Moigan, Mornll, Motf, Murray,
Paikei, Pennington, Petry, Pettit, Ready, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Tappan, Thor-
nigton, Trafton, Wad-1, Walbridge, Waldron, and Elhhu B.
Washburn^—59.
rs'AYSSPMews. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Ball, Barbour,
BaicJaj, Barksdale, lleudlej S. Bennett, Benson, I3ir>liop,
Boeouk. Bowie, Btenton, Btooin, Burnett, John P. Camp-
boll, Cailde, Caruthers, Caskie, Uhalfce, Ezra Clark,
Oonun% Ciawtord, Cnllen, Davidson, Jacob C. Davi«?, De
Witt. Dowdcll, Edmund^on, Edwards. Elliott, Emrie, Eng-
h>!t, Eu&tis, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Ileniy IM. Fuller,
(Jainctt, (roode, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison
iiam^. Sampson W. Hams, Hanison, Haven, Ilorbfit,
Thomas R. iloiton, Houston, Hughston, Jewett, Kent,
Kelly, Keimeit, Ividwell, Knapp, Lake, Lumpkin, Maee,
Alexander K. MaiMiall, Samuel S. Alarshall, Maxwell,
INJeMuliin, McQiiceu, Smith Miller, Miilt-on, Milhvard,
Moore, Mori i*on, Andiew Oliver, Mordecai Oliver, Packer,
I'ame, Peatcc. Peck, Pelton, i*oiter, Powell. Puryear, Clutt-
ma.i, Reade, Uicaud, Robeits, Rufiin, Sandidge, Savage,
Seward, Shoiter. Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
li un U. Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stewart, Sfanahan, Tal-
Thin-ton,Tnppe, Tyson, Underwood, Walker. Cad-
w.ii.i'hr C, Wa^libmiH', I^ael Wa&hbuine, Watkms,
VV.'ii-, Wheeler, Whitney, Wilhnm-<, Wm«low, Wood,
Woodiuf)', Wvindwoitii, Uamel B. Wright, John V. Wright,
and ZoilieoflVi—lla.
!So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
taMe,
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I voted to lay this
bill upon the table. I do not know but I am m
rrror: and I ask the gentleman from Tennessee
to withdraw the previous question to enable me
to ask the chairman of the Committee on Military
Altairs o question.
The SPKA-KEIi. Deba'c is not in order.
Mr. SAGE. I call for the reading of the re-
port.
The SPEAKER.. That would bo in the nature
of (kibate, and the House has ordered the main
question, which precludes it.
Mr. POLLER, of ^ne. Will it be in order
to have the bill read again f
The SPEAKER, ft may be read again.
Mr, FULLER, of Maine. Then I call for the
reading, and call the particular attention of the
House to some of its provisions.
The bill was accordingly read.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to know of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
how much it will require to satisfy these claims?
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object to any
further debate.
Mr. STANTON. Then I move to reconsider
the vote by which the main question was ordered
to be put.
Mr. WALKER. I trust my friend from Ten-
nessee will withdraw his objection, and allow the
gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Quitman,] the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
to explain the bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I will make no .
objection to any explanation which it is ncccssary
to make.
Mr. BARCLAY. I object.
Mr. WADE. Is there a report accompanying
the bill ?
The SPEAKER. There is; but it cannot be
read. The question is upon the motion to recon-
sider the vote ordering the main question to be
put. *
Mr. WALKER. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. STANTON. Upon thatmotion I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the House should now-
pass from the consideration of this bill, would it
not come up as the first business in order to-mor-
row morning ?
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered, and the question must be now disposedt
of.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is it now in order to make
a motion that the House go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. It is not at this time, as the
previous question has been ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would make the inquiry
of the Chair, whether, if the House decline to
order the main question to-day, this bill will not
come up to-morrow, as the previous question is
seconded ?
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I thought that the main
question had not been ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Will the House
allow me to state that objection will be made by
some one to all debate to come up ? I am so in-
formed. There is no need, therefore, of this delay,
but let us take a vote on the bill.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered oil the motion
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. Debate on the special order
—the tariff bill—closes at four o'clock to-day.
It is evident that the rest of the day, up to that
hour, will be consumed by opposition to this bill,
and as it will come up to morrow, I appeal to the
House to allow me now to submit a motion that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, so as to appropriate the
interval up to four o'clock in debating this tariff
question.
Mr. HERBERT objected.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98-, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Ball, Barclay,
Barksdale, Bell, Heiidlcy S. Bennett, Bishop, Bocook,
Bowie, Branch, Brenton, Broom, Burnett, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Cartile, Caiuthers, Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke,
Ezra Clark, Clingman, Comms, Cox, Crawford, Davidson,
Jacob C. Davis, De Witt, Dowdell, Edmundson, Edwards,
Elliott, Emrie, Eustis, Florence, Foster, Garnctt, Goode,
Greenwood, J. Moirisnn Hairis, Sampson W. Harris,
Thomas L. Hams, Harrison, Haven, Herbert, Hughston,
Jewett, Kent, Kelly, Kidwell. Kmg, Lake, Lumpkin, Maee,
Alexander R. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell,
McMullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millward, Mooie, Mor-
rison, Mordecai Oliver. Paine, Peck, Pelton, Powell, GWit-
man.Ricaud, Roberts, Ruffii), Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Sainuel A. Smith, William Smith, Sneed, Spinner, btewart,
W n cht 
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, QH^mton, James
H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, ClaivsoiMpiihainsoii E.
W. Cobb, Colfax, Ciagin, Cullen, CumbaeKDamrell, Tim-
othy Davis, Day, Dean, Diek, Dickson, Dodil, Dunn, Dur-
.fee, English, fitheridge, Flagler, Thomas J. D. i'uljf*
^^""Miger, Robert B. Hall, Ilarlan, Hodges, Hoffman, Hollo-
