1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HI-
way Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Houston,
Howard, George W. Jones, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Letter, Letcher. Humphrey Marshall, MeCarty, Kil-
lian Miller, Millson, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nich-
ols, Packer, Parker, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Ready, Robbins,
Sabin, Sasje, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton,
Tappan, ThoringtQn, Trafton, Wade, Wakeman, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Carlwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Woodworth, and Zoih-
coffer—82.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. BROOM stated that he had been requested
by Mr. Evans to say, that owing to severe indis-
position he (Mr. E.) had been obliged to leave
the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Is it in order
now to move to suspend the rules, and to go into
' the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union ?
The SPEAKER. Not while the previous
question is pending.
Mr. PERRY called for the yeas and nays on
ordering- the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 62; as follows:
Y.EAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Ball, Barclay,
Barksdale, Hendley S. Bennett, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie,
Breiiton, Broom, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Cailile, C'askie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra
Clark, CJingman, Comins, Crawford, Cullcn, Davidson,
Jacob C. Davis, De Witt, t)owdell, ttdmundson, Edwaids,
Elliott, Enme, English, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foster,
Henry M- Fuller, Garnett,Goode, Greenwood, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hariis, Harrison,
Haven, Keibert, Hughston, Jewett, Keitt, Kelly, Kidwell,
King, Lake, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McQueen, Millson, Millward, Moore,Morrison, Mor-
decai Oliver, Paine, Peck, Pelton,Poiter, Powell, Puryear,
Cimtman, Ricaud,Roberts, Ituffin, Sandidge, Savage, Sew-
ard, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William R.
Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan, Tal-
bott, Thurston, Trtppe, Tvson, Underwood, Vail, Wake-
man, Walker, Watkms, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wins-
low, Wood, Woodruff, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wiight,
and Zollicoffer—101.
NAYS —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, FIcnry Ben-
nett, Benson,Bingham, Blfcs, Bradshaw, Buffinton, James
H, Campbell, dawson, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax,
Cox, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Day, Dean, Dick, Dick-
son, Dodd, Flagler, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Granger, Harlan,
Hodges, Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, George
W. Jones, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Letcher,
Humphrey Marshall, Killtan Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Murray, Nichols, Parker, Perry, Pertit, Pike, Ready, Rob-
bins, Sahin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmon1', Tap-
pan, Thorington, Trafton, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, and
Cadwalader C. Washburne—62.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to reconsider the vote whereby the
House ordered the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I rise to a question of
order. Has not the gentleman from Tennessee
{Mr. Smith] moved the previous question ?
Mi*. SMITH, of Tennessee. Yes, I have
moved the previous question.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Then debate is cut off
while the call for the previous question is pending.
Mr. STANTON. I rose to a privileged ques-
tion, and moved to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time. That motion comes in between the
third reading and the vote on the passage of the
bill. I was recognized by the Chair. I supposed,
therefore, that I had the floor for the motion to
reconsider in advance of the call for the previous
question. I ask that the report in this case
may be read. I want it to appear in the Globe.
I want the evidence on which this bill is to pass
the House published, so that everybody may
know what the case is.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I do not object
to that.
The report was read, as follows:
The Committee on Military Affairs., to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Whitemarsh B. Seabrook and others,
respectfully report:
The memorialists were members of what was known as
the Edisto Island militia of South Carolina, which did effect-
ive service in successfully defending a portion of that State,
accessible to attacks by the military or naval forces of the
«nemy in the war of 1812, whiofe had been left with"
means of defense by the General Government. They not
only were a regularly organized company, always on duty,
repelling the advance of the enemy, but they also built two
fortifications—one at Big Bay, at the mouth of South Edisto
Inlet, and the other at the Point of Pines, North Edisto Inlet;
both of which fortifications were armed, equipped, and gar-
risoned by said company, and were highly useful in several
engagements with the enemy. The committee refer the
House to the appended extracts from official reports and
historical statements to show the services of the said militia.
Prom these statements, so appended, it will be seen that
they ,were engaged at one time, in concert with Captain
Kearny, commanding a United States flotilla, against the
British frigate Hebrus, Captain Palmer, and that Commo-
dore Dent bears testimony to the valuable services of the
said militia m that engagement.
It furthei appears tiiat the claimants have never received
any compensation, either for their services or the lations,
clothing, fuel, teams, and ammunition, which they fur-
nished at their own expense, nor for the material and labor
expended by them in the construction of the fortifications
referred to. Until the past few years they havenevermade
any claim therefor, for the reason that formerly they were
in opulent circumstances. Now changes have taken piacc,
and what was not an object then is a matter of great con-
sideration to some of them now. The surviving members
of the company and the heirs of those who are deceased
now petition Congress to pay them for their services, and to
reimburse the moneys they expended.
The committee think that tiie claim is an eminently ju>t
one. It Is made by men of great character, some of whom
have occupied high positions in their State, and their state-
ments are sustained by unimpeachable testimony.
The committee have no means of estimating the value of
their patuotic services, and the cxtentof their expenditures
in the service of the country, and have concluded that jus-
tice would be more likely to be done both the parties and
the General Government by an adjudication of the sumo by
the Secretary of War; they accordingly leport a bill.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, (interrupting.) I
do not think that debate is in order. I called the
previous question before the gentleman from Ohio
obtained-the flfhor, and I was entitled to itaccord-
ing to the custom of the House.
Mr. STANTON. If the Chair holds that my
motion was in time—and I think 1 have shown
that it was, for it was a privileged motion which
intervenes between the third reading of the bill
and the question on its passage—I think I have
a right to debate it. No demand for the previous
question is in order until the Chair states the
question to be on the passage of the bill. Prior
to any such statement I rose to a privileged ques-
tion, and moved to reconsider the vote ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time. I
made that motion, and certainly a call for the
previous question cannot exclude the previous
privileged motion to reconsider, nor cut off de-
bate.
The SPEAKER. The House ordered the bill
to a third reading, and it was read the third time.
Then the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Smith]
moved the previous question, and the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr, Stanton] moved to reconsider
the vote whereby the bill was ordered to a third
reading. The Chair thinks that it is not debat-
able.
Mr. STANTON. Well, if the Chair thinks
so, I will let the matter go.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. CUMBACK. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 72; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Ball, Barksdale. Hend-
ley S Bennett, Bocock. Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom,
Burnett, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle,
Caruthers, Caskie, Chaffee. Ezia Clark, Chuuinan, Comm ,
Ciawfoid, Davidson, Jacob C Davis, De Witt, Dovvdell,
Dm fee, Edmundson, Elliott, Etheridge, Em-ti>, Floience,
Foster, Ileniy M. Fuller, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood,
Sampson W. Hams, Harrison, Hav^n, Herbert, Hughston,
Keitt, K<jl!y, Kidwell, King, Lake, Lumpkin, Samuel
S. Marshall. Maxwell, McQueen, Million, Millwaid,
Moore, MoriUon, Paine, Peck. Pelton, Poller, Puryear,
Quitman, Ricuud, Roberts, Ruffin, Sandidge. Savage, Sew-
ard, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William
R. Smith, Sliced, Spumei, Stewart, Stranahan. Talbott,
Thurston, Trippe,Tyson, Undeiwood, Vail, Walker, Wat-
kins, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Vt'ood-
ruff, Daniel B. Wiight, John V. Wright, and Zollicofter—
91.
NAYS—^Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Buffinton, James i
H. Campbell, dawson, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, :
Cox, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day,
Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Edwards, Emrie, Flakier,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Granger, Hailan. Hodges, Holloway,
Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Howard, George VV. Jones,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Loiter, Letehor. Hum-
phrey Marshall, MeCarty, McMullin, Killtan Miller, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Parker/Pennington,
Pettit. Pike, Ready, Robbing, Sabin, Sago, Sapp, Scott,
Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Tappan, Trafton, Wade^
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, and Wo6dwortb-~<2.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Mr. FLAGLER. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself Into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the special order.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The previous
question is pending. I have not withdrawn the
call.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not been seconded.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. It has been de-
manded.
The SPEAKER. It has been demanded; but
that does not preclude the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Flagler.]
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. We are now
acting under a suspension of the rules, and a call
for the previous question has been made; and I
raise the point of order that it is not now in order
to move to suspend the rules for the purpose of
going into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion should be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ten-
nessee [Mr. Smith] will withdraw the call for the
previous question, and move to recommit the bill
and then call the previous question, the bill will
be kept from the Speaker's table, in the event of
the motion of the gentleman from New York pre-
vailing.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I make the ques-
tion of oilier first.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it is
in order to move to go into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order for this day.
Mr. FLAGLER. I call for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
call for the previous question, and move to recom-
mit the bill to the Committee on Military Affairs;
and on thatmotion I call for the previous question.
Mr. SAGE. I make the point of order whether,
pending the motion to suspend the rules, the gen-
tleman from Tennessee can withdraw the call "for
the previous question, and then move to recommit
the bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can with-
draw the call for the previous question, but it is
doubtful whether he can put in another motion.
Mr. FLAGLER. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Does the Chair entertain
the proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee
to recommit the bill?
The SPEAKER. That motion is not enter-'
tained.
The House divided; and there were—aye? 81,
noes 50.
Mr. HERBERT demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered-, and Messrs. Bocock and
Dodd were appointed.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker,
has my motion to recommit been received?
The SPEAKER. It has not. It was not in
order.
Mr. BOCOCK. Does hot the call for the pre-
vious question, made by the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, keep the bill before the House,and bring
it up as the first question in order in the morning,
if we resolve ourselves now into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. It does not enable the biil
to retain its place.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Then I hope the
friends of this bill will % ote down the motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 67, noes 78.
Mr. SAGE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays wer§  ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 89; as follows:
\'EAS —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Bali, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, 13en«on, Bradshaw, Buffinton, James H. Camp-
bell Claw-on," Williamson 11. VV. Cohb, Cohax, Comins,
Cox, Crasm, Cumbacfc, punrell, TiimoUiv Davis, Day,
Dean. Dick, Dickon, Durfee^dwaird^LthendRe, Flaglei,
Thomas J D- Fuller. Gianger. Robert B. Hat!, Ilarlar,
Hodges Ho'lowav, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, How-
