712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
ard, George W. Jones, Knapp, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter,
Letcher, Humphrey Marshall, McCarty, Killian filler,
MMson, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Packer,
Parker, Perry, Pike,Porter,Prmgle,Heady, Robhm*,Sahm,
Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Stanton, Tappan,
Thorington, Trafton, Wade, WaUcman, Walbridge, Wal-
dron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Woodruff, and Wood worth—77.
NA Y S—Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, liarksdale, Hend-
]ey 9. Bennett, Bocoek, Bowie, Branch, Broom, Burnett,
John P. Campbell, Carlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Chaffee,
Ezra- Clarke Clingman, Covode, Crawford, Davidson, Jacob
C. Davis, De Witt, Dowdell, Edinundson, Emrie, Eustis,
Florence, Foster, Hemy M. Fuller, Goode, Gieenwood,
J. Morrison Hams, Sampson W. Harris, Harrison, Haven,
Herbert, Ilughston, Kent, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell, King,
Knight, Lake, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall,Max-
well, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill ward, Moore, Moirison,
Mordecai Oliver, Paine, Peck, Pelton, Powell, Puryear,
Quitman, Reade, Rieand, Roberts. Ruffin, Sandidge, Sav-
age, Shorter, Samuel A. Snnth, William Smith, William
It Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stewart, Stianahan, Talbott,
Thurston,Trippe, Tyson, Undeiwood, Vail, Walker, Wat-
kins, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Daniel B. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zolicoffer—69.
So the motion of Mr. Flagler was disagreed
to.
Pending the call of the roll,
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Sidney Web-
ster, his Private Secretary; and also a message
informing the House that he had approved and
signed bills of the following titles:
An act making- appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending the
30th of June, 18j8;
An act to incorporate the Columbian Institu-
tion for the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind;
An act to incorporate an insurance company in
the city of Washington; and *
A joint resolution providing for the furnishing
of a complete set of weights and measures to the
State of Vermont.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. If the call for
the previous question be seconded, and the main
question ordered to be put, 3 will myself, after a
motion is received to recommit this hill, move
that the rules be suspended, and the ilmiso re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. STANTON. This hdl might not to pass
under the pressure of the previous question. If
the gentleman will withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, and move to recommit tile lull,
so that it may conic up to-morrow for some dis-
cussion, I will go with him.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I deelinc^n with-
draw the call for the previous' question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill he laid
upon the table.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved (at twenty-five
minutes to three o'clock, p. m.) that the House
udjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 1:1, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Meters. Albu£*ht, Allison, Barboui, Dunrv Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham. Bliss, CunHiaw, Butitnioii, James
II. Campbell, CUuvion, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfa\,
Cox, Cragiu, CumbatK, iUuitvll, Timothy Davis, Day,
Dean, Dick, Dickson, !)<>dd, Dm fee. Flapler, Thom.n J 1),
Fuller, Granger, Robeit B. Hall. Uatlaii,l{od:re<, Hollo way,
Valentine B. Horton, Houston,' IFowaid, Ucoiejc W. Jone-i,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, loiter, Hum,
phrey Marshall, McCaity, Killun Miller, Morgan, Moirill,
Mott, Mutray, Nichols, Parker, Penmn^ion, Peiiy, Pike,
Heady, Robbm?, Pabm, ^ago, £<ip[), Scott, Hh'Min.ui, Sim-
mons., Stanton,Tappan TiiounsUun. Teuton, \\ ado, Wal-
biidgo, Waldron, Cadwaladet O. Wa-siihuinc, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Watson, and Woodworth—''<2.
NAYS- Mo^rs. Aiken, Allen. Bail, Baik-dale, flendlcy
8. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, iluvcc, Branch, Bremen,
Broom, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Ca&kie, Challee, Ezra Clark, Chumuan, (Jovode, Ciawford,
   p^on
W. Ilaru?, If.imton, Haven, Herbert, HotTman, flugh-ton,
Keitt. Kelly, Kenneif. Kuhvell, Lake, Lumpkin, Maee,
ftamucl S. Mar-hall, Maxwell, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Million, Millward, Moore, Murdocai Oliver, Packer, Fame,
Peek, Pelton, Powell, Puryrar. (-Imtman, Uieaud, Roberts,
Eulfin, Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Sneed, Spinner, Stewaif, ytranahan, Talbott,
Tayloi, Thurston, Trippe, Ty. on, Underwood, Walker,
Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wells, Whitney, Williams,
Winslow, Woodruff, Daniel B. Wright, and John ¥.
Wught—91, ^
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. CUMBACK. I move that the rules be
.suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
move that the bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order pending
the motion of the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. If that motion is
received, I will then move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CUMBACK. I withdraw my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill be recommitted to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and on that question call for the previous
question. 1 move, then, that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does this bill come up in
the morning hour in its present condition, as the
unfinished business of to-day?
The SPEAKER. It has not been the practice
of the House to apply a motion to recommit to
business from the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Will it not be
in order to call up the motion to recommit at any
time after the morning hour has expired ?
The SPEAKER. It will come up m its order
when the House resumes this class of business.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I withdraw all
my motions except the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I desire to know of
the Chair how many motions a gentleman on
this floor can make at the same time?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee has the right to move to recommit the bill,
and then to move the previous question. Pend-
ing that question, a motion that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
is in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I withdraw my
motion to recommit, and insist upon the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. CUiXlBACK. I withd raw my motion to
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of allowing the gen-
tleman to move to recommit the bjll to the Com-
mittee on Military Allans.
The SPEAKER. It was not competent for the
gentleman to withdraw his motion for any special
purpose. When withdrawn, it. was withdrawn
for all purposes. The Chair will state the ques-
tion. The House is acting under a suspension of
the rules, and amotion to recommit will not re-
tain the bill m Us place, but it will be the first busi-
ness in order upon Monday next—the first sus-
pension day.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Will it be in order
to move to postpone the bill until to-morrow, and
upon it call the previous question?
The SPEAKER. It is in order to move to
postpone; but the previous question would pre-
clude the motion to postpone.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Then I move to
postpone the bill, and demand the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. QJJITMAN. I am perfectly willing, for
the purpose of facilitating the transaction of busi-
ness to-day, that the bill should go over by unan-
imous consent; but I will stand here and resist,
because there have been some imputations thrown
out about this bill which I want to meet.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. WALKER. What is the effect of the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Tennessee?
The SPEAKER. The previous question will
preclude the motion to postpone.
Mr. QUITMAN. I call the previous question
upon the passage of the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Cummittee of the Whole on
he state of the Union upon the special order.
Mr. EUSTIS. Upon that motion I demand
tellers.
Mr. MORGAN", I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. BENNETTj of New York, moved (at
three o'clock and live minutes) that the House
adjourn.
Mr. PERRY demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BRENTON. I wish to inquire of the
Chair whether, if the House now resolves itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, this bill will not be the first thing in
order on Monday next?
The SPEAKER. It will be first in order on
the next suspension day.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Then I have no
objection to going into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HAVEN. In the present state of the
public business, I hope that suggestion will be
adopted, and that we shall go into the Committee
of the Whole now.
Mr. MORGAN, by unanimous consent, with-
drew the call for the yeas and nays.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 19th ultimo,
requesting him to furnish the House with all
correspondence and documents not incompatible
with the public interests relating to Indian affairs
in the department of the Pacific, those of the In-
tenor, as well as those of the War Department,
a repoit and document from the Secretary of
War; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Postmaster General, in
answer to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, making inquiry as to the building of a
post office at Philadelphia; which was, on motion
of Mr. Tyson, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, and ordered to be printed.
The question was then taken upon the motion
of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, and it was agreed
to.
THE TARIFF.
The House accordingly resolved itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. H. Marshall in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
5GG) reducing the duty upon imports, and for
other purposes.
Mr. HORTON, of Ohio, resumed and con-
cluded his speech (commenced on Saturday) on
the tariff question.
Mr. WAIvEMAN then obtained the floor, and
addressed the committee on the same question
until four o'clock, the hour at which all debate
on the special order was closed by the resolution
of the House.
The speeches arc withheld for revision, and
will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I believe I am
entitled to an hour to close the debate; but as the
usual hour of adjournment has arrived, I will
leave myself in the hands of the committee. I
am willing to go on this evening, or to-morrow
morning, as the committee desire.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Faulkner.
having taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore,
Mr. H. Marshall reported that the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the bill (H. R. No. oGG) to reduce the duty upon
imports, and for other purposes, and had come to
no resolution thereon.
COMMUNICATIONS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, sun-
dry communications from the Departments ad-
dressed to the Commitee of Ways and Means,
were referred to that committee, and ordered to
be printed.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
discharged from the further consideration of the sevcial pe-
titions of the city of Burlington, Iowa, asking an appiopri-
ation to erect a public building for the use of the United
States courts, post olfice, and collection and custom-house,
and the petition of the citizens of Baltimore praying an
appropriation for the improvement of the Mississippi river
and tributanes, and that the same be referred to the Coin-
on Commerce.
fflipeo
%
