1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
713
NORFOLK AND PETERSBURG RAILROAD.
Mr. LETCHER. I have been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means unanimously
to report a bill, thaPit may be read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means.
It is a bill for the relief of the Norfolk and Pe-
tersburg railroad.
Mr. KfcCARTY. I object to that bill. .
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.  
The House thereupon (at four o 'clock and five
minutes) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 17, 1857.
Prayer by theChaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hri.l.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the President of
the United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the 4th August, 1856, re-
ports of the Secretary of the Treasury and the
Secretary of War, in relation to the navigation
and survey of the frontier lakes; which was read,
and, on motion of Mr. Seward, was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
REPORT FROM THE COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Court of Claims, made in
obedience to law, of the opinion of that court
adverse to the claim of Courtlandt Palmer, and
of the decisions of the court in favor of George
Ashley, administrator of Samuel Holgate, the
claim of Thomas Egleston and Joseph Battel!,
the claim of Jane Sreiith, and the claim of Lu-
cinda Robinson; accompanied by the following
bills:
A bill for the relief of George Ashley, adminis-
trator de bonis non of Samuel Holgate, deceased;
A bill for the relief of Egleston & Battel!, mer-
chants, of the city of New York;
A bill for the relief of Jane Smith, of the county
'of Clermont, State of Ohio; and if
A bill for the relief of Lucinda Robinson, of
the county of Orleans, State of Yermont.
The report was read, and, on motion of Mr.
Buodhead, was referred to the Committee on
Claims. r
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BIGL.ER presented three petitions of mail
agents, in the service of the Government, for an
increase of compensation; which were referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. SEWARD presented a petition of masters
of vessels, and others, engaged in the commerce
of the lakes, praying that the light-house at the
port of Silver Creek, on Lake Erie, may be con-
tinued; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. RUSK presented the memorial of George
^ II. Giddings, contractor for carrying the mail
P from Santa Fe, New Mexico, to San Antonio,
Texas, praying that the Postmaster General may
be required to pay him the amount appropriated
by the act of 3d of March, 1854, as compensation
for that service; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PUGH presented a petition of widows of
revolutionary officers and soldiers, receiving pen-
sions under the act of February 3, 1853, praying
for the pass|ge of an act allowing them arrears of
pensions; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition of
citizens of Portland, Maine, for an appropriation
for the erection of fortifications on Hog Island
Ledge, for the greater protection of Portland har-
bor; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That Sitas Stock well have leave to withdraw
Ills petition and papers,
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred a memorial of the
Common Council of the city of Trenton, and two
memorials of the Governor, members of the Legis-
lature, judges, and other citizens of New Jersey,
reported a bill (S. No. 600) making an appropri-
ation for the purchase of a site for a custom-
house, post office, and court-house at Trenton,in
the State of New Jersey; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move that the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of chiefs, head-
men, and warriors of the Stockbridge tribe of
Indiahs, and a petition of that portion of the
Stockbridge tribe of Indians who emigrated to the
Indian territory in 1839. I make this motion
because the subject-matter to which they relate
has been disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report in regard to the print-
ing of the Patent Office report. I submitted, on
the presentation of the Patent Office report to the
Senate, an order based on a state of facts which
the committee, on examination, find does not exist.
The order was, that the annual report be printed,
and twenty-seven thousand additional copies of
the portion relating to arts and manufactures be
printed, three thousand for the use of the Com-
missioner; andijjfty-five thousand additional copies
of the report in relation to agriculture, five thou-
sand for the use of the Commissioner. It turns
out that the report submitted to us contains only
the mechanical portion. In view of that order,
upon which we report adversely, I offer the fol-
lowing:
Resolved) That there be printed, in additiou to the usual
number, twenty-seven thousand copies of the annual report
of the Commissioner of Patents on arts and manufactures,
for the year 1856, two thousand of which shall be for the
use of the Commissioner of Patents for the purposes of offi-
cial distribution.
Under a rule of the Senate, the committee are
required to report as to the cost of the printing:.
The estimate as furnished by the Superintendent
of Public Printing is, cost of volume 1, $17,823;
cost of volume 2, $21,863; total cost of printing
the entire report on arts and manufactures in two
volumes, $39,686 89. Under the instruction of
the committee, I submit the resolution which I
have read.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
DISBURSEMENT OF PUBLIC MONEY.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to report back the bill (S. No.
528) to amend an act entitled an act to provide for
the better organization of the Treasury, and for
the collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and dis-
bursement of the public revenue. It is an im-
portant but simple bill, and I ask the Senate by
general consent to act on it now. It is important
that it should be passed at once, that it may go
to the House of Representatives. It contains
a simple provision that disbursing officers may
deposit in the nearest depository in order to draw
on it.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to amend the act to provide
for the better organization of the Treasury, &c.,
approved August 6, 1846, so that every disburs-
ing officer or agent of the United States, having
any money of "the United States intrusted to him
for disbursement, shall be required to deposit the
same with the Treasurer of the United States, or
with some one of the assistant Treasurers or pub-
lic depositaries, and to draw for it only in favor
of the person to whom payment is to be made in
pursuance of law and instructions, except when
payments $re to be made in sums> under twenty
dollars, in which case the disbursing agent may
check in his own name, stating that they are to
pay small sums. But where there is no conve-
nient United States Treasury or depository, the
disbursing agent is to keep the money as may "be
directed by the head of the Department, which
special instructions are to be furnished by^ihe
Secretary of the Treasury. It directs that" the
""Vsasurer of the United States, assistant Treas-
urers, and public depositors, shall safely keep the
money a deposited by safy disbursing officer or
agent, as well as any moneys deposited by any
receiver, collector., or other person, which may be
the moneys due or owing to the United State#;
and for a failure to comply with this provision
they shall be guilty of the crimeof embezzlement,
and subject to the punishment provided for em-1
bezzlement in the act of 1846. It also makes it,
the duty of every person having moneys of th^
United States in his hands, to pay them to the-
Treasurer, assistant Treasurer, or public deposi-
tary of the United States and take his receipt for
it in duplicate, and forward one of them forthwith
to the Secretary of the Treastafejfct and for a fail-
ure to make such a deposit whWyequired by the
Secretary of the Treasury, or any other Depart-
ment, or the accounting officers of the Treasury,
the person is to be held guilty of the crime of em-
bezzlement, and subject to punishment for that
offense.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
COMMITTEES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The special committee to
which was referred a resolution of the Senate,
directing an inquiry into the expediency of sd
amending the 34th rule of the Senate as to reduce
the number and increase the efficiency of the com-
mittees, and providing for the appointment and
compensation of clerks of committees, have had
the same under consideration, and direct me to
report the following resolution:
Resolved, That the following be substituted for the 34th
rule of the Senate, to take effect from and after the expi-
ration of the present session of Congress:
Rule 34. The following standing committees shall be ap-
pointed at the commencement of each session, with leave
to report by bill or otherwise:
A Committee on Foreign Relations, to consist of seven
members.
A Committee on Finance, to consist of seven members.
A Committee on Commerce, to consist of seven mcm-
bejs.
A Committee on Military Affairs aad Militia, to consist
of five members.
A Committee on Naval Affairs, to consist of five mem-
bers.
A Committee on the Judiciary, to consist of seven mem-
bers.
A Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to con-
sist of seven membeis.
A Committee on Public Lands, to consist of seven mem-
bers.
A Committee on Private Land Claims, to consist of five
members.
A Committee on Indian Affairs, to consist of seven mem-
bers.
A Committee on Pensions and Revolutionary Claims, to
consist of five members.
A Committee on Claims, to consist of five members.
A Committee on the District of Columbia, to consist of
seven membeis.
A Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, to con-
sist of five members.
A Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to con-
sist of five members, who shall have power also to act
jointly with the same Committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
A Committee on Territories, to consist of seven mem-
bers.
A Committee on the Library, to consist of five members.
A Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent Ex-
penses of the Senate, to consist of five members, to whom
shall be referred all resolutions directing the payment of
money out of the contingent fund of the Senate, or cre-
ating a charge on the same. w
A Committee on Printing, to consist of three members,
to whom shall be referred every question on the printing
of documents, reports, or other matter transmitted by either
of the Executive Departments, and all memorials, petitions
accompanying documents, together with all other matter
the printing of which shall be moved, excepting bills ori-
ginating m Congress, resolutions offered by any Senator,
communications from the Legislatures, or con ventioaslaw-
fully called, of the respective States, and motions to pript
by order of the standing committees of the Senate Mo-
tions to print additional numbers shall likewise be referred
to said committee; and when the report shall be ittlfevw
of printing additional numbers, it shall be aoc©ropat ed*>y
an estimate of the probable cost; and Jt shall be the duty
of such Committee on Printing to report, iu every case, in
one day, or sooner, if practicable; the said committe^shail
also supervise and direct the procunn?of maps ana draw-
ings accompanying documents ordered to bepxmted.
A Committee on Engrossed Bills, to coosjst ofthree mem-
bers, whose duty it shall be to examine all bills, amend"
ments, resolutions, or motions, before they go out oi the
possession of the Senate} and shall deliver the -same to tae
Secretary of the Senate, who shall enter upon-the Jounfial
that the same have been correctly engrossed.
A Committee on Enrolled Bills to consist of three mern-
bG|?ach of the foregoing committees shall be entitled toem-
ploy a clerk, with-the exception of the following, waiea
shall not be entitled -to a clerk, viz:
1. The Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
