710-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
'Mr. BRODHEAD. I desire to inquire if these
posts would remain in that position if the Secre-
tary of War did his duty?
Mr. WELLT2R. I apprehend it is very diffi-
cult. for the Secretary of War ^ascertain what id
going on at an Army post in California, or Wash-
ington, or Oregon Territory. A military post may
be kept up twelve months after the public interest
has ceased to demand its existence, on account
of the double ration system.
Mr. RUSK. I think the whole of these amend-
ments ought to be rejected. If there is an abuse
in regard to double rations in the Army, (which I
do not think there is,) we should not interfere with
them in this bill providing for increasing the pa y,
which all parties think ought to be increased. The
pay, as it stands now, I believe, was adopted in
1608—certainly as far back as 1812. While the
salaries of almost all other officers of the Govern-
ment have been increased, the Army salaries have
never been increased at all. The bill, as it came
from the House of Representatives, does not
change or allow double rations. It is very sim-
ple:
" That from and after the commencement of the present
fiscal year the pay of the commissioned officers of tiie At my,
including military storekeeper, shall be increased twenty
dollars per month, and that the commutation puce ot offi-
cers* subsistence shall be thirty cents per ration."
This is all there is of the bill. The increase is
twenty dollars a month to each of the officers of
the Army. It is a large percentage of increase
upon the pay of the inferior officers of the Army,
and ought to be so, because they have not received
enough to live upon. It is a very small increase
upon the pay of the superior officers of the Army.
The commutation price of the lation is now twenty
cents. This bill increases it fifty pel cent.
It is said by the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs that the double
rations are an abuse. They have existed, I
believe, during the whole time of the existence
of the Government, and, in my opinion, there is
an eminent propriety in them. The commandant
of a post is bound to entertain, and upon the
frontier he is bound to incur, heavy additional
expenses, besides the cost of his own living; and
his rations, it seems to me, ought not to be re-
duced. They certainly ought not to be reduced
in this way, at the hazard of a bill of so much
importance os this. The amendment as reported
proposed " that, from and after the passage of
this act, additional or double rations for command
are prohibited." That is now to be amended, so
as to allow everybody heie who obtains double
rations to retain them, and stnke them off from
the commanders of your posts. The only reason
given for that by the honorable Senator from
California is, that there is an abuse in the estab-
lishment of posts. These officers cannot establish
posts. It is the fault of the Secretary of War if
abuses exist. I do not know how it may be in
California or Oregon; but certainly in my State,
which has a very extended frontier, there is no
abuse in the establishment of these posts.
The other amendment I cannot well under-
stand. It is:
Sec. 4. ;id he it fnrthef enacted, That the word? non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates" in the fii-t
seetiun ui the act entitled An act to uieiease the v of
the rank and file of the Arniv, and to rncoura"e enh«*-
mentf," approved August 4, 1S54, shall be construed to
include all enlisted men of the Aimy of the United States.
Mr. "VVELLER. I will explain that if the
Senator desires. Before I explain it, I will cor-
rect a statement of the honorable St-nator front
Texas in regard to the increase of the pay of the
Army. He says we have increased the"pay of
all the other officers of the Government and let
the Army alone. In 1854, %ve increased the pay
°f privates from eight to twelve dollars a month.
Mr. RUSi£. I said we had not increased the
pay of officers of the Army. \
Mr. WELLER This is a provision to in-
crease the compensation of officers of the Army
In 1854, when we passed an act increasing the '
pay of the non-com missioned officers and privates :
of the Army, we intruded that it should cover all  
enlisted men; but a construction was given at the ;
War Department which excluded the ordnance i
men. They were enlisted men, and we thought;
were entitled to the increased pay; but by the ;
construction of the Department they were ex-
cluded. Th® only Object of this fourth section
is to place them on an equal footing with other
enlisted troops.
Mr, RUSK. That may be easily done on any
appropriation bill. This section requires, in my
11 judgment, some additional phraseology. It says
H the act shall extend " to all enlisted men." I
j know there are mnny enlisted men about here as
j messengers who do not properly belong to the
\ Army. It is a matter which, in my judgment,
1 ought to be investigated. If it is intended simply
to cover those named, why not apply it to men
in the Ordnance department expressly ?
Mr. WELLER. There is no difference in the
result. I said before that none are excluded by
the construction given at the Department except '
ordnance men, and the object is to include them.
The class of men of whom the Senator speaks
have had the benefit of the increased pay accord-
ing to the construction of the Department, but they
have excluded ordnance men alone, and the object
of this section is to embrace them.
Mr. RUSK. I will vote for an amendment to
an appropriation to include the ordnance men,
and that can be easily done without hazarding
this bill. I should prefer, when voting for it, to
say <{ ordnance men" expressly. The section is
' general in its terms, and I do not know myself
i how far it extends; but it is a matter which, in
my judgment ,ought to be inquired into.
Upon ihe whole, sir, I think the proposed in-
crease of the pay of the officers of the Army is
moderate and proper. It applies to the lower
grade of officers in greater proportion than to the
higher. These other matters, if they are abuses,
can be very easily remedied without hazarding
the passage of this bill. 1 do not believe they are
abuses. I think, on the contrary that time and
expeiience have &hov, n they are notabuscs. Whv
not attack them before ? They have existed ever
since we have had an Army. The reason is evi-
dent; the man who commands a post is bound to
entertain travelers and persons in distress, and
ought to be allowed rations for that purpose.
Mr. CLAY. 1 should be glad to know what
the rations of General Scott are. I am told that he
will be entitled, without this amendmentt, to forty
rations. If you gave him double rations, he will
have eighty. I do not suppose he will ever enter-
|| tain half that number of men at one time.
|, Mr. RUSK. I do not know what the rations
:: of General Scott are. They arc.not increased at
j; all by this bill, except the commutation price of
j] them, which is increased fifty per cent,
i Mr, IYERSON. I voted against these amend- t
r ments in the Committee on Military Affairs, of j
'■ which I am a member, and I am opposed to their :
j adoption by the Senate. I think they ought not j
. to be adopted; iiist, for the reason presented by .
theSenator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Brodhead,] :
; os well as the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] t
!, that the- adoption of any amendment to this bill !
will undoubtedly endanger its final passage in !
the House of Representatives. It is true, a trivial '
or unimportant amendment might possibly not 1
; be a clog to its passage through the otherHouse; i
but such an amendment as is now proposed by 1
the Commiuee on Military Affairs to abolish the !.
system of double rations, as it is called, will un- ;
doubtedly engender a great deal of opposition to 1
■ the passage of the measure in the House ofRep- ;
' resentatives, and will, in all probability, defeat
it—at any rate, endanger it. I think, therefore, i;
■ if it is necessary and proper, as I trust and be- '
heve it is admitted on all hands, to increase the !j
, pay of Army officers, we ought not to put on the '!
hill any amendment which will endanger it m the
other oranch of Congress,
The amendment increasing the pay of the ord- "
nance corps js just end proper m itself, and it
ought to be adopted, if it could be done without !
risk to this bill, which has other features of much
I more importance than that. That, however, as m
! has been suggested by gentlemen, can be put on
, the Army appropriation bill, or it can be put on |
: the genodl omnibus oppioprknion hill. Jt may |
be put on the bill increasing the compensation of '•
. General Scott, now pending in this body, coming ■'
( from the Hou^e of Representatives. There are ,!
' various propnsiiions on winch it may be put. It
; is just and proper that the ordnance corps should ji
• have the same pay as all other enlisted soldiers ji
.  of the Army; but it is not of sufficient importance ji
ij to endanger thepassage of thia bill by inserting it. !|
•' Th® other amendment is of more consequence, >i
and I trust I shall be indulged in making a few
remarks in opposition to it. I think it wrong in
principle, and it ought not to be adopted. It pro-
poses to abolish what are called double rations to
the commanders of military posts. What are the
double rations? It is possible that many Sena-
tors do not understand what is meant by the
system of double rations, and may think, as does
the Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] as I
infer from his remarks, that the double rations
extend to all the rations to which an officer may
be entitled under the law. That is not so. The
double rations extend only to the amount of
original rations to which the officer is entitled,
according to his grade. It does not extend to
what is called the " old fogy" or longevity ration,
or any other extra rations. For instance, take
the case of a captain who is put in command
of a military garrison, post, or arsenal. By his
grade he is entitled to four rations; and then, as
commandant of a military post, he is entitled to
eight rations—four more than his grade. He
doubles the four rations; but if he is entitled to
twenty rations for longevity and length of ser-
vice, he is not entitled to double all those. The
doubling applies only to the original number of
rations to which the officer is entitled according
to his grade.
Now, what is the amount of that? The Sen-
ator from California has very properly stated that
the whole amount of the double rations allowed
to^ the officers of the Army in command of our
j military posts, does not exceed £40,000 a year,
j There are one hundred military posts, garrisons,
I and arsenals—I think one hundred and eight or
! one hundred and ten. The average quantity of
j rations allowed to the officers m command of them
\ does not exceed five a day. These are the rations
; of a major; and that is about the average amount
i of rations allowed to the officers in command of
| those five posts. Five rations a day, at twenty
cents a ration, would be only a dollar a day; and
at the increased price of thirty cents would be a,
dollar and a half a day. Colonels of th*  Army
get six rations a day; majors and lieutenant colo-
nels five, and captains four.
Mr. PUGH. And an additional ration for
servants.
Mr. IVERSON. Those are not double.
f Mr. PUGH. Is not the servant's rations dou-
I bled ? If the officer has a brevet rank, he gets
double rations for the brevet rank,
j Mr. IVERSON. I think not.
j _Mr. PUGH. General Scott claims them for
! his brevet rank.
^ Mr. IVERSON". That is a vexed question.
General Scott claims to be entitled to them: but
the Secretary of War has decided that he is not
entitled to them, as he is not in command of a
military post. That is, in my judgment, the
proper construction.
i What would be the amount of double rations
I at one hundred and eight military posts? It would
| not exceed thirty-five or forty thousand dollars—
a mere bagatelle—and this reform is to be begun
on this bill so important to the public service ! I
think it is a dangerous proceeding, and ought not
to be adopted by the Senate. Thewholeexpen.se
to the Government of double rations is not more
than thirty-five or forty thousand dollars a year.
That is drawn by officers of the Army—gentlemen
who are put in command ofthese posts, old worn-
out vtterans in the service, who are certainly enti-
tled to the encouragement and bounty of the Gov-
ernment. The^e posts genera!!}- are put in com-
mand of senior officers—men wfjo aie old and have
seen a great deal of service, who have fought the
battles of the country, and are perhaps scarred
over with wounds received m service. Is it not
proper that such men should receive, to some
extent, the bounty and encouragement of the
country? ^
Resides, the men who are in command of mil- •
itary po.sts ami garrisons are bound to entertain
stringers and other officers who come to the gar-
rison. Their houses are houses of hospitality
for all who come. The double rations ,\u- £iv*-n*
f->r that express purpose; and they are under
obligations, not only of honor, but of law, to
Ciitfitam every person who comes to tin- gar-
rison. If an officer visits a gariison or military
pOiU on business or pleasure, or by accident, be
knows where to go for hospitality; hehasa riidht
to go to the headquarters of the commandant for
