1§57.
WE 4€pmrew^¥A:.L mmw.
m
the purpose: of beingentertained. Abolish these
double rations, an(a that h ospi tality will* he dis-
couraged and cut off." "Sir, I think it is the duty
of Congress to encourage the hospitality of our
officers in the Army, and to add to the dignity
which they thus give to their profession. It is
ungenerous and improper to cut off the means
which Congress has, fiom time immemorial al-
most, plaped in their hands, for the purpose of
keeping up the dignity and hospitality of the
officers of the Army. It is wrong that it should
be done.. It is a'mere bagatelle at best, not ex-
ceeding thirty-five or forty thousand dollars a
year.
The Senator from California, the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, has stated
what I presume is'diffieult of proof, that although
this expense is only thirty-five or forty thousand
dollars, it engenders an outlay of six or eight
hundred thousand dollars. How? The Senator
has not explained, and I do not think he can ex-
plain it. He has intimated that, for the purpose
of allowing officers double rations, the military
posts of the Government are increased. All the
garrisons, all the fortifications of the Government,
are established by aet of Congress. Can it be
supposed thatCongresji is regulated and controlled
by any influence of that sort; that Congress es-
tablishes a military post or a fortification or an
arsenal, with a view of enabling officers of the
Army to have double rations and get additional
pay ? That is an attack on the patriotism and
wisdom of Congress, which I think the Senator
from California, on reflection, will withdraw.
In relation to the military posts which are es-
tablished not by act of Congress, there is not a
military post in the United States of that kind
which is not established by the Secretary of War.
By law he has the controlling authority over the
establishment of these military posts. No officer
of the Army has a right to establish a military
Fost without the assent of the Secretary of War.
tis true that officers in command ofdepartments,
and sometimes on distant service, when the
exigencies of the service require it, do establish
military posts; but they are only temporary.
He must report the facts and circumstances to
the Secretary of War; and if the Secretary of
War confirms or approves it, the post is estab-
lished; if he disapproves, the post is abolished.
The whole matter, then, is referable at last to the
discretion and wisdom of the Secretary of War;
and it would be too much, I think, to say that the
Secretary of War increases these posts or keeps
them up for the purpose of alio wing these donceitrs
to the officers. I trust the Secretary of War of
the United States would be governed by too much
patriotism to be controlled by such an influence
as that. I do not believe it. This deduction
which the Senator from California has drawn,
that the double rations increase the number of
military posts, seems to me to be unfounded. I
believe no man, when he comes to reflect how
these posts are established and kept up and main-
tained, will come to the conclusion that they are
established for the purpose of keeping up the
double-ration system. I do not believe it. I
think it is an imputation on the wisdom as well
as the patriotism of our Secretary of War, which
bears no foundation in fact.
I hope this amendment will not be adopted. I
think it is proper that officers in command of
posts, who are responsible for the repairs and
preservation and condition of these posts—who
have undoubtedly much greater cares and respons-
ibilities to be encountered in consequence of their
command, should be allowed these rations. Now,
look at the facts. Five rations are about the
usual average amount, as I have said, which,
according to the present law, would give to a
commander of a post, a captain, major, or colonel,
a dollar a day in addition to his original pay.
This bill increases the pay of officers twenty
dollars a month, and adds ten cents to the com-
mutation value of the ration, so that an officer
drawing five rations, not in command of a mili-
tary post, would have his pay increased thirty-
five dollars a month — twenty dollars for pay
proper, and fifteen dollars for rations. But apply-
ing it to commanders of posts, if you knock off
the double ration, their pay will only be increased(
about thirty-eight or forty dollars per month,'
when the pay of subordinate officers will be in-
creased thirty-five dollars per month. A lieuten-
ant jiot in command of a post will have his pay
increased to the extent of thirty-five dollars" a
month, whereas a colonel in command of a post
will have his pay increased not more than forty
dollars a month. How unequal that is!
I think, Mr. President taking every view of
the case in which I am able to look at it, this
double-ration system is a just and proper one,
and ought not to be abolished. Certainly the
abolition of it ought not to be attached to this bill
if it will endanger its passage, which all seem so
anxious to bring about.
Mr. WELLER. I have, as a matter of course,
no personal feeling in regard to this subject. I
have felt it my duty, as chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to present what I con-
sider a very important reformation in the Army.
All of us agree that it is very necessary and
proper to increase the pay of officers of the Army.
All of us have concluded that it is proper to in-
crease the value of the ration. That was fixed in
1808 at twenty cents. This bill increases it fifty
per cent., and makes the value of the ration thirty
cents.
The Senator from Georgia has said that it is
hardly to be presumed that Congress, in the estab-
lishment of military posts, would be governed by
the consideration of multiplying them in order to
give double rations. It is the first time I ever
heard that Congress legislated on the subject; but
I am under obligations to my colleague on the
committee, the Senator from Georgia, for the in-
formation .
Mr. IYERSON. I suppose that when a fort
is erected by act of Congress, there is some one
ordinarily in command; and, if so, the command-
ant draws double rations as a rule. All fortifica-
tions certainly are established, not by regulations
of the Department of War, but by act of Con-
gress, and can only be done by act of Congress.
To be sure, the military posts on the frontier are
appointed by the Department.
Mr. WELLER. Fortifications where you have
a company of soldiers, constitute a very small por-
tion of the number of posts where officers are
now drawing double rations. Military posts are
oftentimes established for temporary purposes.
There is, for instance, an infant settlement on the
frontier; you place a military post there to give
protection to the settlers until they are sufficiently
strong to protect themselves. The officer placed
in command of that post remains there longer
than the public interests demand, because of the
strong pecuniary inducement to remain. I desire
to avoid that.
I said when I was up before that the increased
expense of the double ration was a mere bagatelle,
in the words of the Senator from Georgia; but I
said that my information from the Department
satisfied me that these double rations increased
the expenses of the Government six or seven hun-
dred thousand dollars. It is because of the diffi-
culty of approaching the extreme posts in order
to supply them with subsistence that this expense
is incurred. You gave last year at one of the
military posts five dollars a bushel for corn, in
order to supply that post, and there were no set-
tlements whatever near it. I say the information
I have from that Department of the Government
which has charge of the transportation and sup-
plies, satisfied my mind that I should diminish
the expenditures of the army of this Government
between six and seven hundred thousand dollars
by cutting off this little bagatelle, as my friend
from Georgia has called it.
We all concede that it is proper to increase the
pay of the Army. The Military Committee pro-
pose to take the bill as passed by the House of
Representatives; as far as that is concerned, to
increase the pay of each officer twenty dollars per
month, making $240 per annum. We then in-
crease the value of the ration fifty per cent; but
we propose to abolish the double ration. That
only falls on those who have command of posts,
who, in the beautiful language of my friend, are
bound to entertain all distinguished visitors who
may come there. That may apply to your posts
on this side; it may possibly apply to Carlisle
and Newport barracks, and some others; but out
on the frontier I know that the expense falls as
well on the subordinates as on the commanding
officer. Ordinarily, instead of his entertaining a
stranger, the expense falls on the mess, and is
divided among them. I know that is the pretext,
was placed; hut in my judgment'it is belter to
abolish it, because it subjects us to an expense
six or seven hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. IVERSON. The Sejiator must certainly
be mistaken, as well as the distinguished source
from which hederives his information. H,epred-
icates his assertion on the supposed fact that th.e
double rations are delivered to the officers, at the
different posts in kind, and that transportation
and cost of these rations amount to so much. The
Senator knows, and so do the Quartermaster Gen-
eral, and the Paymaster General, and all the other
officers of the Army, that there is not one officer
in a hundred of the Army who ever draws his
rations in kind.
Mr. WELLER. Everybody knows that.
Mr. IVERSON. Then how can they cost eo
much ? The rations cost only thirty cents each at
the increased commutation price now proposed.
Mr. WELLER. I say as long as those officers
are at military posts they have to be supplied,
and they are furnished, to some extent, with ra-
tions in kind. It is difficult to get there. Often-
times they have to make a road. These posts are
in remote places almost inaccessible, ana the cost
oftransportingsupplies and troops there increases
the expenses of the Government between six and
seven hundred thousand dollars a year. That ia
what I mean to say.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator falls back on the
proposition that, for the purpose of giving double
rations, the various posts are multiplied, and
therefore the expense is increased. I deny that
proposition wholly. As I said before, I do not
believe there is a single post in the United States
established with a view to give officers doubla
rations. I think they are all regulated and estab-
lished according to the exigencies and demands
of.the public service; and I do not believe that if
you adopt this amendment, and this law goes into
effect, it will diminish the expenses of the Army
a single sou. That is my honest conviction.
Mr. WELLER. There is an honest difference
of opinion, then, between my friend from Geor-
gia, and one who ought to know all about it. I
take it for granted that my friend from Georgia
has not been in the quartermaster's or commts-
sary's department, where alone he could obtain
the information to decide the matter. But the
Senate have the opinion of the Senator from
Georgia; and if they regard that as of more, value
than the opinion of the head of the Department
having charge of the subject, of course they will
so vote.
Mr. MALLORY. Allow me to ask my friend
from California a question for information. It is,
whether officers of the Army do draw their ra-
tions in kind or not?
Mr. WELLER. They do not. I desire that
the Senate should know what is the compensa-
tion that some of these officers are receiving from
the Government. I have a computation here of
the pay proper, the rations, the servants, and tho
forage. I have excluded transportation for their
baggage; I have excluded fuel and quarters—.
fuel a.id quarters not being a proper charge
against the officer. He receives commutation to
furnish fuel and quarters; but when in the field
he receives no commutation, because he is fur-
nished with them. The transportation oftentimes
is a source of profit. An officer is sent from liera
to California to command a post. He is allowed
to take with him a servant. He is allowed for
travel ten cents a mile for himself, and six cents
a mile for his servant. That officer, in going to
California, for instance, would draw $600 for him-
self alone. The cost of transporting him there
would be $300; so that the officer would make $300
by traveling to California. This ought to be
looked at in ascertaining the amount an officer
receives. But I have excluded that from my esti-
mate. I have, therefore, made this calculation,
based, as I said before, on the pay proper, tha
rations, commutation for servants, and the forage.
The adjutant general received for last year
§3,293 80; one of the inspectors general $2,887 20;
the other, $2,740 80; each of the assistant quarter-
masters general, §2,887 20; the commissary gen-
eral of subsistence, |2,960 40; the surgeon gen-
eral, $3,114 40; the paymaster general, $3,085 CO;
the colonel of engineers, $2,673-42; the colonel of
topographical engineers, $2,887-20; the colonel of
ordnance the Bams.; tha colonel of the fe*t r?gtr
