718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
ment of dragoons, $2,931 80; of the second^dra-
Koons, 83,196 80; of mounted rifles, #4,970 80;
Sf first artillery, $2,6S3 20; of second artillery,
$3,998 40; of third artillery, $2,779 80; of fourth
artillery, $2,902 80; of first infantry, $2,fi83 20;
of third infantry, #2,765; of fourth infantry,
$2,834 60; of fifth infantry, $2,794; of sixth in-
fantry, $3,944; of seventh infantry, $2,918; of
eighth infantry, g3,998; of ninth infantry, $2,782;
of tenth infantry, $2,820 80.
Now, mark you, this is the pay, rations, com-
mutation for servants, and forage, according to
the present value. I have a table which will show
the increase these officers will receive under this
bill. The increased pay and emoluments of a
general under this bill will be $880 per annum.
Mr. CASS. May I ask the Senator what he
is reading from ?
Mr. WELLER. I am reading from calcula-
tions I have made from the documents laid on our
■tables.
Mr. CASS. As to the pay and emoluments
of officers generally ?
- Mr. WELLER.. Yes, sir. If the Senator will
took at the communication made by the War De-
partment to the House of Representatives, he will
find the information that I have collected to-
gether.
Mr. CASS. The Senator includes forage; but
officers have to keep horses.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator must know, as
well as I do, that there are some singular things
connected with forage. Somehow or other an
officer always has his horses at the time he draws
his forage, but they oftentimes do not belong to
him long afterwards. I can state, perhaps, an |
illustration myself. When I was in the Mexican j
war, I had a very good horse that cost me $200.
I was allowed commutation for three horses, and
I was required to have three horses. I turned in
and bought a couple of Mexican mustangs for
seven dollars a piece, and I kept them for the
purpose of enabling me to comply with the law,
and draw the forage. [Laughter.] I think that
is a fairer case than many you can find now, if
you were to inquire into the facts.
Mr. CASS. I will simply remark to the hon-
orable Senator, that I was inquiring as to the
meaning of the law, and not the administration
of it. If the law requires an officer to keep three
horses, or gives him the forage for them, the pro-
vision of law may be good, but the administration
may be bad, like other laws. I wish, therefore,
to inquire, whether all these things are chaigrd
as so much emolument to the officer—his quarters,
for instance ?
Mr. WELLER. I exclude the fuel and quar-
ters and the transportation of baggage.
Mr. CASS. That is right.
Mr. WELLER. This table only embraces
the pay proper, the rations, and the commutation
for forage. The statement from which I read
shows the amount paid last year from the Treas-
ury to some officers in consequence of these par-
ticular items. The increased pay and increased
value of the ration proposed by this bill, as I have
said before, will give a major general §880 more
than he now receives; his aid dp-camp $384 in-
crease, and his second aid £276; a brigadier gen-
eral will receive $G32 increased pay; his aid $240;
the adjutant general's pay will be increased $45G;
the assistant adjutants general of the rank of colo-
nel, $420; of the rank of major, $384; of the rank
of captain, §384; the judge advocate $384; the in-
spector general §45G. The increased pay of lieu-
tenants will be some $500.
Mr. RUSK. Pour hundred and fifty dollars.
Mr. WELLER. Between $400 and $500.
That is proper and right, and nobody objects to
iL We are paying messengers of the Senate, I
believe, $1,500 a year; and certainly our second
lieutenants ought to rank with a messenger of
the Senate. This bill will increase the pay of the
second lieutenants to some #1,400, and will in-
crease the pay of the first lieutenants to about
$1 ,600. I have various calculations showing what
will he the amount the various officers will re-
ceive or have received, but I do not choose to
read them to the Senate.
The only point presented to the Senate here is,
whether the Senate is prepared to abolish the
- double ration. We are increasing the value of
^ the ration fifty per cent.; we are increasing the
pay proper ox all the officers $240 a year; and is
j the Senate prepared to abolish the double ration?
! J have given to the Senate all the information I
' have as to the abuse growing out of it. If they
are not prepared for reform, they will take the
bill as it came from the House of Representatives.
I am sure I would <fo nothing to prevent an
increase of pay to the Army officers, for certainly
they ought to receive more. We know in the
last few years there have been a large number of
resignations in the Army on account of the small
salary and emoluments. In 1852 there were three
resignations; in 1S53, eleven; in 1854, thirty-six;
in 1855 a much larger number. It is very certain
that, unless we increase the pay of the officers of
the Army, many of the best men in the public
service will be, from necessity, compelled to retire.
I have offered this amendment thinking it neces-
! sary. If the Senate think otherwise, I shall be
; perfectly satisfied to take the bill as it came from
I the House of Representatives,
i Mr. HUNTER, I am willing to vote for a bill
j increasing the pay of the officers of the Army. I
j think some such bill is proper, perhaps necessary;
but I am unwilling to vote for the increase of pay
1 in the shape in which it is now proposed. One
| of the objections to the mode in which the officers
| of the Army are paid is that it consists of so
, many different allowances that it is impossible to
| tell beforehand what any officer receives. You
| cannot see what he gets, unless you go to the
! Army Register for the purpose of ascertaining,
j This leads to great inequalities in the payments;
; and not only that, but it allows a large discretion
I in the head of the Department in the distribution
; of the money which is assigned for payment
| amongst them. For instance, it is entirely dis-
cretionary what shall be given to them for fuel
ij and quarters. I know that you cannot fix any
1 given sum as a necessary sum which should be
i given for fuel and quarters; but I beiievc we ought
1 to provide some means for restricting this discre-
i tion. We ought to enable the country to know
1 what is the &um beyond which the officers cannot
i receive; in other words, we ought to fix a maxi-
! mum m the bill which increases the pay. I am
: willing to fix a liberal maximum. If tfie Senate
i will amend the bill in such a manner as to declare
i| that no man shall receive by means of this bill,
ii for pay and other allowances, with the excep-
jj tion of transportation, more than a certain sum,
!; and that sum is a reasonable one, I shall be will-
•j ing to vote for it. If that be done, there will be
J j no necessity for the amendment of my friend from
;i California. If it is not done, i shall vote for his
amendment, because there ought to be, J think,
■! some limitation. Tlmn leave it in the discretion
' of the Secretary of War to do as he has done
: heretofore,allow double rations at posts, and give
| commutation for fuel and quarters as he may
I think just and proper, but with a provision that
: this shall not carry the pay and emoluments of an
I officer beyond a certain sum. If you take up
j Executive Document No. 24 of the House of
■ Representatives, you will find that there is great
; disparity in the payment of different officers; you
! will find colonols receiving different sums, and
i captains and officers of all grades receiving differ-
! ent sums. It is owing to these allowances for
j rations, for commutation of forage, for fuel and
I! quarters, &c.
!j Ifwe had time to legislate on this subject de
t; novo, I would like to put the officers of the Army
|; on the same footing with those of the Navy; I
!■' would give them each a sum certain, with one
ration which they might take in kind — they
often find it expedient to do so. I believe that
would be better; but inasmuch as we have not
time to do this, and the proposition is to increase
the pay by means of the allowances heretofore
given, i think that, in order to satisfy the country
and secure that they may not go to too great an
extent, we ought to impose on this bill a maxi-
mum beyond which no man shall receive.
Now, sir, I am willing to agree to this bill with
a proviso that a major genoial shall not receive
under it, exclusive of transportation, more than
£3,000; a brigadier general, $6,000; of the engineers
and ordnance, a colonel, $3,500, a lieutenant col-
one!, $3,000, a major, §'3,500, and a captain,
$2,000; of the pay department, a paymaster gen-
eral, $3,500, deputy paymaster general, $3,000,
and paymaster, $2,500; of the medical depart-
ment, surgeon general, $3,500, a surgeon of the
first class, |2>51K), a surgeon of the second class,
$2,000, a surgeon of the third class, $1,800, a
surgeon of the fourth class, $1,600, and a surgeon
of the fifth 'class, $1,400; of the engineers and
ordnance, a first lieutenant, $1,600, and a second
lieutenant, $1,400; of dragoons, light artillery,
and rifles, a captain, $2,100, a first lieutenant,
$1,700, and a second lieutenant, $1,500; and of
the artillery and infantry, a colonel, $3,300, a
lieutenant colonel, $2,800, a major, $2,300, a
captain, $1,900, and lieutenants, $1,400. I would
be willing, if such a maximum as that were placed
on the bill, to vote for it as it came from the House
of Representatives. It will be found, by reference
to the document to which I have alluded, that
with few exceptions the maximum which I pro-
pose is greater than the average pay they now
receive. I believe that in many instances the bill
as it came from the House would not increase
the pay of the officers to a sum greater than this,
hardly as much in some instances; yet there are
other instances in which it would carry it greatly
beyond that. There are cases, even under the pres-
ent law, where officers are receiving the sums here
affixed to their names, where major generals are
receiving more than $8,000. I think we ought to
fix a maximum, and that being done, I am will-
ing to vote for the bill. In regard to that, I am
willing to give and take; I am ready to exchange
opinions with those around me; and if they can
suggest sums which would be a better and more
reasonable compensation, I shall consent to take
them, instead of those I have proposed; butl hope
the Senate will agree to attach such aprovision to
the bill as it came from the House of Represent-
atives, and then I shall be willing to vote for it.
Mr. BROWN. I hope we shall pass this bill
precisely as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives. It was introduced there after very
patient and mature deliberation, and is meant to
promote the interest of a class of officers who
have been confessedly too long neglected — the
junior officers of the Army. I have certainly not
the authority of the Secretary of War, butalmost
as high authority, for saying that unless some
relief be given to those officers who constitute now
almost the very flower of the Army, they will be
literally driven into retirement to seek some other
employment. *
The provisions of the bill are few, simple, and
easily understood. The great end will be accom-
plished, and accomplished at once, and without
risk, by passing the bill as itcamefrom the House
of Representatives. If you go to incumber it
with amendments, such as that proposed by the
Senator from Virginia, you not only get up a
long discussion here, but you necessarily send
it back to the House of Representatives for an
almost interminable discussion there. The result
will be that the bill must inevitably be lost, and
these young officers, living now almost at starva-
tion's door, will get no relief from the Govern-
ment; they will be driven to seek employment
elsewhere; and instead of nourishing and reaiing
up young,gallant, well-educated men to the Army,
you will drive them out at that very time of their
life when they bid fairest to be useful.
In reference to the proposition of the Senator
from California about the double ration, I have
no difficulty at ali in opposing it. Double rations
were given for wise and beneficial purposes, and
they ought to be adhered to. Take the commander
at Portress Monroe — shall he have no higher
rations than a man who is commanding in the
field? I think he ought to have. I think the man
who is there, and is expected and required by the
courtesies of the profession to which he belongs,
to receive and entertain those who go to that post,
ought to have the means of doing it like a gentle-
man. I would pay him in proportion to what he
is expected to do, and what is required of him
by the courtesies of his official position. It is to
enable him to dispense these hospitalities which
he is expected, and which, in point of fact, he is
required, by his official position, to dispense, that
these rations are given; but they are not given by
tiiis bill. The bill does not propose to do that;
but the Senator proposes on this bill to change,
aj I understand, an existing law. To that I am
opposed. I want tu see the junior officers pro-
vided for, and in the plain, simple mode contained
in the bill. The best, the shortest, the most cer-
tain way of doing that is to pass the bill as it
came from the House of Representatives. I shall
not vote to cross a 1 or dot an i in this bill,
