1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fTl#
because, in a matter of so much importance as I
conceive this to be to the Army, and especially to
the junior officers, I will run no risk. I would
not even vote for an amendment that I thought
was right in this connection.
Mr. PUGH  I wish to say a word or two in
explanation of my vote.
Mr. WELLER. Allow me to modify the
amendment by inserting the words " unless spe-
cially ordered by the President of the United
-States;" so that double rations cannot be allowed
in any case unless specially ordered by the Pres-
< ident, who is commander-in-chief of the Army.
Mr. PUGH. With that alteration, I shall have
.no hesitation in voting for the amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs; otherwise I should
vote against it, believing the system of double
rations to be a very good system for making dis-
tinctions in the pay of officers of the Army. I
am willing to increase the pay of captains and
lieutenants of the Army; I think it ought to be
increased. I am willing to include the majors, and
I shall make no great opposition to increasing the
pay of lieutenant-colonels and colonels; but I pro-
test against an increase of pay to brigadier gen-
erals and major generals. It is now far above the
pay given to officers on the civil list. You are
giving to a major general far more pay than you
five to the judges of the Supreme Court of the
Tnited States. You are giving to a major gen-
eral more pay than you give to any officer except
the President of the United States—more than
you give to the Cabinet officers—more than you
give to the Vice President.
If the proposition were made to give these sal-
aries in figures, it could not command the assent
. of Congress. It is by these complications of ra-
tions and forage and other allowances, which arc
not familiar to those who have not directed their
attention to them, that it does command their
assent. I therefore tell the Senate again, that this
increase gives a brigadier general more pay than
a judge of the Supreme Court—that it gives the
major general more pay, I believe, than a Cabinet
officer, and puts the lieutenant general of the
. Army above every other officer except the Presi-
dent; and gives him half the pay of the President
of the United States, I think.
These are valuable offices; and whilst this is
•done, the weight of service in the Army, the hard
work, is done by captains and lieutenants who
do not have salaries equal to the employes of the
Senate. The effect of increasing the pay of the
officers of the highest grade is to give them com-
, fortable cushions on which they can repose their
heads, and devolve the performance of their duties
on the captains and other subordinate officers. If
this bill can be amended to exclude the major
generals and brigadier generals, I shall vote for
it with great satisfaction; but without some such
amendment I cannot.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have no experience
. in the practices and usages of the Army in respect
to the commutation of rations, or the number of
rations. The system of rations has been, I believe,
since we have had an army, and since the Eng-
lish had an army, a part of the compensation. I
-suppose, from the antiquity of this mode of com-
pensation, that some advantage to the public ser-
vice has been found in it. I feel a little unwilling
to depart from vt simply because it has been long
regarded as useful, if not essential, in the con-
duct and government of armies. I think we
ought to hesitate a little before, upon any mere
speculation of our own, (most of us being, like
myself, without any experimental knowledge on
the subject,) we depart from the usages of our
fathers, and our fathers' fathers, on this subject.
I, therefore, do not feel myself called upon to
interfere with the present arrangement existing
, upon that subject in relation to the Army of the
United States.
There is a reason for allowing some increase
of rations to an officer intrusted with the command
of a military sflRion or post. It is not merely to
enable him the better to extend hospitality to
. brother officers, or others casually visiting his
post. That is one reason, and a good reason, if
• there were no other. It keeps up a spirit of cor-
. diality among the officers of your Army, and
attaches them together, unites them, binds them
together by the hospitalities and courtesies of
,ci,vilized life. Is not that something to the ser-
vice? It is not merely a gratification to the parties
to render and to receive hospitality; it is useful
to the public service; it diffuses through th6
Army a spirit of cordiality and of union, and that
is essential to the public service. But, besides
that, the officer intrusted with the command of a
post l^s a particular charge, a particular duty,
requiring more than ordinary care, and ordinary
vigilance, and imposing more than ordinary re-
sponsibility upon him. This increase of rations
might have had regard to both these considera-
tions. This is my speculation upon the subject.
As I said, I know nothing by experience about
it. I only know that it appears to me there may
be reasons, and good reasons for it. It is a good
reason with me for adhcrjng to it, that it has been
the usage of my country from the time it had an
army down to this day.
Gentlemen object to the abuse which may be
made of it, and the inequality created among offi-
cers by giving one or another, by selection and
choice, the command of a post, and, therefore,
this advantage. I suppose that those who gave
thcadditional ration did not suppose it was an
advantage to an officer. They gave it to him as
a liberal sort of equivalent for the hospitalities
he had to render in entertaining brother officers
coming there on other duties, or passing by on
other duties. They could not tell to what extent
might be the cost of this hospitality. They
simply doubled his rations. They gave him four
rations, if a captain, each at twenty cents a day,
to defray all these hospitalities. If two friends
dined with him, it certainly consumed the whole;
if one dined with him, it would probably consume
the whole, particularly if he was an officer of dis-
tinction, and to whom something of extraordinary
hospitality was expected.
Shall we not he a little rash if we undertake to
disturb this allowance, simply because here, on
momentary consideration, and without any par-
ticular experience on the subject, we undertake
to interpose our opinions against long established
usage, when our opinions arc hastily made up,
and without any experience on the subject? I
think so, sir. I am not willing to do it.
Nowas to thecost. I confess myself perfectly
amazed at the manner in which the gentleman
from California accumulates, by consequences and
by inferences, the expense that will be devolved
on the Government by the allowance of double
rations to officers commanding posts. He says
it will be $700,000. Sir, this is simply impossi-
ble.
Mr. WELLER. I have gone into no calcula-
tions on the subject. I did not give my own
opinion. I gave the opinion of those who were
familiar with that department of the Government
where these expenses are incurred, that it did in-
crease the expenses of the War Department be-
tween §600,000 and $700,000 a year. I have not
had time, from the multiplicity of my engage-
ments, to go into any calculations sufficient to
enable me to understand it thoroughly.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I understand the hon-
orable gentleman.
Mr. CASS. "Will the Senator from Kentucky
permit me to ask one question of the Senator
from California?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. CASS. Does the honorable Senator from
California know the number of officers who re-
ceive double rations?
Mr. WELLER. They amount to a little over
one hundred. In connection with that I will state
to the Senator from Michigan the number of offi-
cers in command of these posts. There are three
generals, who are drawing double rations; and
fifteen colonels are drawing double rations as com-
mandants of posts. Theie arc fifteen lieutenant
colonels, thirty majors, twenty-two captains, and
five first lieutenants, who, in the command of
posts, are entitled to double rations. They, of
course, will be affected by this abolition of the
double rations.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I may be mistaken,
but I think the honorable gentleman is mistaken
in his calculation of the expense. An inquiry
was made as to what rations General Scott would
be entitled to under this bill. I say not one ra-
tion. Who ever heard of the commander of an
army being in command 6f a post, or drawing
pay as such ?
Mr. WELLER. Does the Senator desire to
know what the rations of the lieutenant general
amount to under this bill > ■. He is now entitled to
$2,928 for rations. , - . ;
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not ask any such
question.
Mr. WELLER. If you increase the value
of the ration to thirty cents, he will then have
$4,392. The increase is $1,464 in the jrations.:
. Mr. CASS. Allow me to ask, is that allowing
eighty rations to the lieutenant general ?
Mr. WELLER. That is allowing him forty
single rations. . < , *
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have heard it stated
here that General Scott's rations were forty or
eighty, according to different computations., 1
know nothing about that question; but why is
General Scott's compensation introduced here as
a guide on the subject, when the bill has nothing
to do with it, except, as the gentleman says, it
increases the price of the ration from twenty to
thirty cents? Talk of a commander-in-chief or a
major general or a brigadier general, command-
ing a department, being considered as the com-
mandant of a post also, and having an accumu-
lated pay on that account! There is no such
thing known to the service; but what if there
were ? These gentlemen all agree that some in-
crease of pay is necessary; and theySvould vote >
for it in one form or another form, and in any
form almost but this. One is for one change of
form; another for another; some for one-thing,
and some for another; and while all agree that
there ought to be an increase of pay, the result
of this contrariety and confusion of opinion is,
that they get no increase of pay.
The necessity of increased pay has been ae- ,
knowledged for years; and yet hope to these
needy men has been deferred from time to time,
and from year to year, until their hearts are sick;
and now we are again to defer the subject, and
decline passing a bill which the House of Repre-
sentatives has sent us, because we see some other
subjcct connected with it that requires amend-
ment and alteration. If we attempt to legislag^
in this way, we shall pass no'bill now, or at alB
other time. The acknowledged evil will exist
while we stand harping and hesitating as, to the
different modes of granting relief, the justice of
which all would admit, and would exteiid. "in
another way without much difference as to the
extent.
I am for taking this bill as it came to us, and
voting against all amendments. I see no harm
in the double ration; nor can I by any stretch of
my imagination make these rations increase the
cost of the Army to us more than $65,000 instead
of $700,000; and no man can do it by a fair state-
ment of the case. I have supposed that you have
one hundred and fifty posts—you have not as
many by nearly fifty. I have supposed the aver-
age rank of officers commanding posts was that
of captain, and that is fixing a high average. Tho
captains increased rations would be four per day;
and for a year it would amount to $438—that is
all. Give the $438 to one hundred and fifty cap-
tains, and suppose cach in command of a post,
and that only amounts to $65,000.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator from Kentucky
does not take into consideration another item.
That officer is entitled to one ration for every five
years of service; but that ration is not doubled
when he is in command of a post. It is only the
four rations that are doubled. Take a colonel in
the infantry for instance, who is entitled to six
rations. He commands a post, and draws twelve
rations. If he has been forty years in the ser-
vice, he draws eight rations for that, so that he
will be receiving from the Treasury six dollars a
day for rations.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am giving the Senate
my argument. I have supposed one hundred and
fifty posts, which is nearly fifty more than there
are. I have supposed the commanding officers
of the posts to be of the rank of captain, which
is higher than the rank of officers commanding
one half your postj^ I have made an average
of all, and taking tnat average at four increased
rations to every officer commanding a post, the
whole increased cost is #65,000.
Now, sir, by what mode of arithmetic can we
talk about six or seven hundred thousand dollars
as the cost? There is no basis for it. It is all
imagination; it is all consequential; and these
consequences proceed to an extent far beyond my
view or my comprehension. The source from
