722
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
has a standing army, and I think that is only
about one hundred strong, [laughter;] but I may
be mistaken. I think Virginia is the only State
in the Union that has a -standing army, and I
believe the precedent that is set in the States
should be followed by the United States.
But then comes the suggestion made by the
honorable Senator from Kentucky* will you starve
them? No, sir. I want to get rid of a standing
army, but I do not want to starve them out. I
say, if any gentleman's pride or pleasure induces
him to keep a great retinue of servants, he ought
to feed them well. There is no doubt about that;
and if you insist upon having those gewgaws and
epauletts, I say pay them; pay them as much as
they ought to have. I am clearly of opinion that
if you insist on having them, the junior officers
of the Army ought to be paid more than they now
receive. I think the whole Army is a nuisance—
1 use the word in no offensive sense; ! use it in
general terms without meaning any private inter-
pretation.
Now, let me say a word in regard to some of
the remarks made here by the honoiable Senator
from Tennessee. I agree to a gieat deal that he
said. 1 should like to see an attempt made to pay
these officers a gross sum; but I tell you,sir,you
cannot accomplish it. The ftutish Parliament say
they are omnipotent; and 1 have no doubt that
Congress think they are the next thine; to omnip-
otent to the British Parliament; but you may pass
just as many statutes as you please; you may put
in the restrictions just as strong as language can
make them, and what will be the result? The
Departments will go on making extra allowances
just the same as if you did not touch them. I
would not say that if t did not speak by the book
—if we had not an example on this subject. What
was it? The Navy is referred to, and what was
done? In 1B35 you raised the pay of the officers
of the Navy to a higher sum than the officers of
any navy in the 'uvilized world of the same rank
received. You hail not officers of its high a rank
as some nations; but you paid officers of the same i
rank highei pay than was pant by any nation on i
earth. To leconcile the people of (he t ountry lo '
this, thef \va« a i est! h-tion pui in—1 wish I had
it before ii;e--il axed !o be iirmted ni the Naval ,
Register; but it has <y>? io he uiipopuhu. and they j
have left it out—1 thmk the pie-ujee of the Depart- t
mcnt is so much vA vauanee \t ith the law, iha! I <
do not blame them for h aving out the law—but I
will state it from memory. The law provided an
aggregate payment lm officers of tin- iWvy, and
then went on u> say that n should be in lVli of all
compensation nud allowance of'any noire* oi wort
whatsoever, i X>a pt trave'ing e\;>rn-v.3 umh-r cei
tain conditions. Tin re was the law. The pay
was i«:<ed hi'Jjer ihio the pa'* of ;;nv navy on
*4he face of God h: and a  e.u rp'i :<>n, ju*f ?>•; |
strong as good old Saxon language could make
it,was put in ngain.M gi\ :ng any more. IU>r how
wasuadminisieiod? Thegovennnentofthe Navy
went on precisely the same after as In toie. They i
made extra allowances for fuel and quarters, ami i,
for furniture; and they have continued Lo make
these allowances to this day, tin Mine as though !;
that law had n« ver b<jen parsed. I endeavored
onoo to cull the o Urn mm of the Senate to that mat-
ter some seven or ewju year;; ago; but it amounted ;
to nothing. You may pui this restriction here, '
but these allowances will contiiuu; to be made.
1 have not given gieat attention to this bill, fbr ,
I have not been abie so be in the JSen ue of be-;
but my plan would be to xive mended comptn-
nation to the lower officers, i should 'ike to cut ■
off all the rations and allowances. I like veiy :
much what foil from the Senator from Virginia. 1
1 should like to mgjee the attempt to see if we
could succeed better in the Army than in the '
Navy in giving a fixed sum. WVtrh'd it m the ;
Navy, and uttei ly failed. 1 think it will utterly ;
fail here. There iti an old maxim, that the law |
is not made for post captains. That has been 1
enlarged lately, and it means now that the lav ;
is not made for the Navy. So it will he found !
the law is not madft for the Army. Whether or j
not you attempt to cut off these allowances, they i
will be made, and the.se compensations will be'
increased, the soldiers will be increased, and the
Army will bo increased, until this country, taught,
if not by the teachings of history, by its own
experience, will see this matter m the light in
which I think every bodyelse hay looked on it,and
instead of continually increasing the Army, will
turn about, and retrench, and retrace its steps and
diminish it. If you must have an Army, make it
what this is called, a nucleus, and not let it be a
thing which now engrosses more of your revenue,
by very considerable, than the whole adminis-
tration of the Government, the Navy and Army,
civil and diplomatic list and judiciary, did at a
time no longer ago than when General Jackson
came into the Presidency.
These are the views I entertain; but notwith-
standing I entertain them, and I expect no soul
here to sympathize with mc, and I do not want
any one to do so, I do not doubt that the age will
come up to these remarks by-and-by. I am will-
ing lo bide my time; but while it does continue,
I am willing to pay and give an increased com-
pensation to the junior officers of the Army. If
1 can vote for the bill in accordance with these
views, I shall be glad to do so.
Mr. BUTLER. I have but a single remark to
make, and that is in reply to the Senator from
New Hampshire, who generally throws out his
views with freedom and fairness. I suppose we
have now thirty millions of people in the United
States. Does the Senator think that a standing
army of six thousand could whip thirty millions
of people? Are we in any danger from an army
of six thousand, scattered at three hundred differ-
ent places? I would not agree to have what would
be called a dangerous standing army — say one
hundred thousand men—such as was perhaps in
the contemplation of our forefathers when they
made the Constitution, to be concentrated under
the command of one chieftain. That might be
dangerous. Rut with an army of three hundred
in California, three hundred in Oregon, and two
or three hundred at Old Point, I think we are not
in much danger. I should think very badly of the
gallantry of New Hampshire, if her militia would
not be. able to hold any such army in check. The
republican spirit of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire would rise so high that he would frighten
them by his declamation. [Laughter, j Mr. Pres-
ident. I wish to put the Armv right—not that I
am partieu'aily connected with the Army, though
I suppose in pome respects, from family associa-
tions, I hove had strong sympathies with it, and
I do not undertake to disguise the fact. I do not
fear them. I think this much must be said of
them: if you had not a icgulur army to go out on
the frontier posts, and you trusted to volunteer
mthtia to be raided on the occasion, it would cost
live times as much as the standing army io keep
the Indians in check. I do not hesitate to say
that ihe mo>t mesponsiblo and mo^t extravagant
expenditure^ of the public money have been in
th • payment of volunteers j^oing out and using
thi !• horsey to whip a few Indians. So far as
regards the mere taking- can1 of our forts is con-
cern! d, I presume that people who understand
th * profe-snon of arms would take better care of
them than law militia that have almost lost the
use oj'a gun. I believe it is getting so now that
the mihtia ride in buggies, and do not ride on
horses at all. [Laughter.] This is an evidence
of d.-gent-racy.
Sir, let us encourage our young men in the
Armv. I am one of thos° who believe in the
hardy morality °f former times. I am one of
those who believe m that system which encour-
ages in some measure the enterprise of young
men of tins |-eid. I do not undertake to say how
far it mny ath-et the reputation of the country; but
I bey; to say to the Senator irom New Hampshiie
that we have a little army m South Carolina, a
lit tie nucleus of an army, a co; ps of cadets. We
are not afraid of your standing atmy when they
are three thousand miles olT. I do not understand
the tenor wiue.h i? raised here by the Senator
from New Hampshire, who generally speaks
with fairness. His State 3S m no danger from
the Army. 1 do not suppose that there are three
hundred United States troops m that State now.
Mr. HALE. Not one, 1 think.
Mr. BUTLER,. Then 1 do not see that there
are any terrors associated with the Army at all.
If we have an Army, let us have its officers gen-
tlemen.
Mr. HALE. I go for that.
Mr. WELLER. Mr. President, I did not deem
it necessary to go into a general discussion of the
merits of this bill, I supposed every Senator on
this floor had made up his mind that it was neces-
sary and proper that we should increase the pay
of the Army of the United States. The whole
course of remark of the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,] however, is calcu-
lated to make the impression on the Senate and
on the public, that the Committee on Military
Affairs of this body was adverse to increasing
the compensation of these officers. Now, sir, I
undertake to say that I am as anxious as any
Senator on this floor that the officers of the Army
should receive proper and adequate compensation.
All of us agree that the compensation provided in
the law of 1808 is now, owing to the change of
circumstances, a wholly inadequate compensa-
tion. The discovery of gold upon our western
coast has made that which was worth one hun-
dred cents then, worth only about sixty-two and
a half cents now; and while we have been in-
creasing the compensation of the officers in the
employ of the civil department of the Govern-
ment, all of us see the necessity of extending a
corresponding increase to the Army.
But the Senator from Kentucky says this
amendment which has been presented by the
Committee on Military Affairs is a trifling one,
I am very sorry that the Senator from Kentucky
has so little respect for that committee, of which
I am chairman, as to suppose that we would sub-
mit a mere trifling amendment for the purpose of
delaying this bill in the other branch of Congress.
The chief argument used against the amendment
is, that by adopting it we are endangering the
passage of the bill. I believe it will not hazard
the passage of the bill, because I think the House
of Representatives will see, as I have seen, that
it is necessary to stop these abuses in the Army.
When we are about to increase the expenses of
the Government six or seven hundred thousand
dollars, by the additional compensation proposed
to be given to military officers, I desire to correct
what I deem to be a great abuse in the military
service—I mean double rations. But I am wholly
unable to make any statement which will satisfy
my friend from Kentucky that that proposition is
anything more or less than mere trifling, for that
is the term by which he characterized it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman
allow me to say a word ?
j Mr. WELL'ER. Certainly.
I Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not say it was
; simply and absolutely trifling; but I said that it
| was trdlmg in comparison with the great object
of the bill—to increase the pay of the Army. I
said, furthermore, in conclusion, that we have
increased their pay, if there be any reformations
| to be made, let them be presented and considered,
j: I said I hat this proposition was trifling only in
b comparison, as I considered, with the general
I, purpose of increasing the pay of the Army.
ii Mr., WELLER. It is well known that the
jj Committee on Military Affairs have no disposi-
i! tion to hazard this bill. Wo arc satisfied that
j unless the pay of the officers of the Army be in-
ij created at the present session of Congress, a very
! | large number of valuable officers will be compelled
p to lesjgu; but wc design at the same time to o.or-
' reet what we consider to be an abuse in the spr-
! vice. It seems 1 cannot make the Senator from
! Kentucky understand what i mean by increasing
] [ the expenses of the Government some six or seven
ij hundred thousand dollais in consequence of the
j: double-ration system. I will endeavor to explain
j| it. I said, when 1 was up before, that the distant
ii posts must be supplied at an enormous expense.
j1 You must put up buildings there; they are very
ij expensive in some sections of the country. I be-
j j beve the buildings at Fort Reading, in California,
' cost over $150,000. It was necessary as a mili-
I tary post at the time it was established, but has
i become wholly valueless now, because the settle-
| ment has filled up with inhabitants, and they are
: sufficiently strong to protect themselves. Those
i buildings you have to sacrifice. They will be
! sold perhaps for ten or fifteen thousand dollars.
| That is an illustration of the manner in which
j the expenses of the Government are increased in
1 consequence of the allowance of the double ration.
' I did not undertake to say that any commander
of a regiment would divide up his command in
order to multiply military posts, and thus enable
his subordinates to draw double rations; but I said
that after military posts were established, there
was a strong pecuniary inducement for the offi-
cer in command to remain there long after the
