1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.necessity for its establishment ceased'to exist.
That is what I said; and, in expressing that opin-
ion, I was but reiterating the experience of those
far more learned on this subject than I am.
My friend from Tennessee proposes to abolish
all allowances for rations, for commutations, for
.servants, for forage, for fuel and quarters, and to
substitute a gross amount of money. That will
operate very unequally. For instance, if you
.send an officer to California, he will be compelled
.to pay four times as much for his fuel and quar-
ters there as if he was stationed in the State of
Missouri. The best officers in the Army, especi-
ally the poorer class, would be very unwilling to
go into a country where fuel and quarters are so
very expensive. It would operate very unequally,
in my judgment, to abolish all rations and allow-
ances, and substitute a pay-proper, as proposed
-by the Senator from Tennessee.
My friend from Georgia interposes the objec-
tion that it is necessary that officers in command
of military posts should receive double rations
for the purpose of entertaining. Theamendment
which I now offer gives the President of the
United States the authority to allow double
rations in all such cases. The Senator said that
no one butthePresident, the commander-in-chief,
had power to establish military posts; therefore,
. I propose leaving it to the President of the United
States, the constitutional commander-in-chief of
the Army, to decide whether the officer in com-
mand of any particular post shall be entitled to
double rations or not. T1
tion.
there is the whole ques-
Now, is the Senate willing to make any amend-
.ment to this bill? My friend from Kentucky says
he will vote for no amendment, even though he
may consider it necessary and proper. He is
afraid that if the bill be amended it will be lost
in the House of Representatives. If that be the
general opinion of the Senate, no doubt any prop-
osition which I may offer by way of amendment
will be voted down.
Mr. WILSON. I rise, Mr. President, for the
purpose of giving notice that I shall move to
amend the first section of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No amend-
ment is now in order. The pending question is
on the amendment of the Senator from California
, to the amendment reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I give notice that when it is
in order, I shall move to amend the first section
of the bill, by inserting, after the words " each
commissioned officer of the Army," the words
"under the rank of lieutenant colonel." I be-
lieve that we ought to raisa^ie pay of the majors,
the captains, and the lieutenants—the subaltern
officers of the Army. 1 think the pay of these
officers is too small; but it seems to me that the
pay of lieutenant colonels, of colonels, and of the
general officers of the Army, is quite large enough
now, and ought not to be increased The ex-
penditures for the Aimy are very large. When
Mr. Calhoun was Secretary of War, an army of
six thousand men was supported, I think, for less
than p,000,000. The expense of a soldier in the t
Army at that time was about $335. It is now j
$1,200. The expenditures made last year under
the direction of the Secretary of War are more
than $14,000,000. I have an estimate, made out,
I think, by a friend of the Secretary of War, and
published in the New Orleans Delta, in which the
items are exhibited, showing that the disburse-
ments under that officer during the past year were
about $19,000,000.
I am willing to vote to increase the pay of the
subaltern officers of the Army; but i think the
pay of the lieutenant colonels, colonels, and gen-
erals, is quite large enough at the present time,
and that we ought rather to reduce than increase
the expenditures of the War Department of our
Qovernment. I am in favor of a small Army,
put I am willing to pay that Army well. I want
it efficient—an honor to the country; but I believe
the military department of our Government at the
present time costs more than it should cost. Its
expenditures should be reduced rather than in-
creased.
Mr. TOOJdBS. I wijl add one word in sup-
P/rr of the amendment of the Committee on
-.Military Affa,irs. , I a;m very willing to increase
.tije .pay of jArmy,- but I am not willing to in-
crease it in this way if I can do it in any other;
and the discussion has been very conclusive to
me that we ought to do it in Bome other way.
My honorable friend from Kentucky and the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
differ to the extent of six or seven hundred thou-
sand dollars upon the effect of this single item of
double rations. I have not recently had an op-
portunity of looking into it. I suppose the Mil-
itary Committee have had an opportunity to do
so. I must look to them. My friend from Ken-
tucky says it cannot possibly go beyond sixty or
seventy thousand dollars, and the Military Com-
mittee say six or seven hundred thousand dollars,
on the single point of double rations. I think the
pay of the Army ought to be on the principle of
the pay of the Navy, that everybody may know
what is paid them. I am willing to give them a
fair compensation. Some few items m the pay,
growing out of the nature of the service, which
cannot be fixed definitely, lam willing should be
left to the Department. Their mileage, their
quarters and fuel, are necessarily changeable;
but what can be rendered certain, ought to be
made certain.
This mode of increasing the pay by raising the
price of rations, or multiplying rations, is vicious.
I concur with the committee that the system of
double rations (some of it I have had an oppor-
tunity of seeing) is bad. It induces favoritism;
it induces bickering. Instead of, in the slightest
degree, aiding the social intercourse of the Army,
it has a contrary effect. I shall vote for this
amendment, because the double ration system is
wrong; and I will not consent to vote for the in-
crease of pay in any such form. The twenty-
dollars a month I will vote for. An additional
increase I believe to be necessary; but 1 will not
vote for a bill when there is no Senator here that
j can tell me what it will come to.
Mr. CASS. I have listened to all that has been
said on this subject with interest, and I agree very
much with what has fallen from those members
who are in favor of the passage of the bill; espe-
cially I agree with what the honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] has said. Almost
every word he said on this subject meets my full
approbation.
Mr. President, I have long known the Army.
I never knew an officer to get rich in it. There
are officers who have been stationed in favorable
locations who have been able, perhaps, to buy
property, and have been favored in that respect;
but I never yet knew an officer to get rich on his
pay. I have known a great many officers die;
they almost all die poor, and almost all leave poor
and helpless families. It is not a money-making
profession. An officer of the Army is sent from
one end of the continent to the other—hereto-day,
on the Pacific to-morrow—liable to be ordered
about wherever the necessities of the service, or
sometimes even the whim of his superiors, may
require. He lias no option; he mustgo, or leave
the service. A large proportion of them—and, in
my opinion, the moie the better—have families.
Those families they must take care of, either with
them, or absent from them.
I agree with what has fallen from the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky in respect to the
character of the American Army. I believe there
is no army in the world more honorable, or faith-
ful, or efficient, than the American Army. The
honorable gentleman has alluded, I think, with
great happiness, to the conduct and glorious feats
of that Army in Mexico. I shall not follow lnm.
You know, and we all know, that they carried
the standard of their country from Vera Cruz to
the city of Mexico under difficulties almost insu- j
perable, and such as are rarely to be met with in '
ancient history. Iti fact, you mustgo back almost
to the fabulous ages before you find feats equal ;
to those accomplished by the American Army on '
that occasion.
I repeat, Mr. President, that the Army, in my
opinion, is an honor to the country. I do not at
all agree with the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire in the apprehended danger of a stand-
ing army. A standing army to destroy this Gov-
ernment of thirty millions of intelligent freemen!
If this Government lasts until it is overturned by
military force, it is destined, in my opinion, to
a political immortality. It is the idlest of all
chimeras to hold out to the American people the
danger from a standing army — a standing army
that lives like the breath of our no'strils, that may
be put up to-day and down to-morrow, scattered
thousands of miles on the surface of the ear;£h
where there can be no concentration,-and wjjen
the members of the Army are members .of *t)ie
American people, interested by themselves aaji
their families in the progress and duration of,their
country! No, sir; no, sir. No Cromwell—no
Napoleon is going to enter here, and turn you or
your successors out of your seat. There is no
man going to say of the mace in the House of
Representatives as Cromwell said in England,
" Take away that bauble." I have no fear of it.
Standing armies not neccssary are to be depre-
cated, to be sure, in our country, and in all coun-
tries; but standing armies, soldiers and troops
necessary to the defense of the country, every
rational man will support. How are you going
to protect your frontiers? Your Army are there
scattered over an immense frontier, here, there,
and everywhere. You must have them, or you
must have your citizens forever exposed to the
incursions of the Indians.
It is said the Army has increased. To be sure
it has. We are referred to the time of General
Jackson. Why, sir, the country has doubled
since the days of General Jackson; the extent
occupied by your military posts has doubled.
But more than that, the necessary expense has
trebled and quadrupled in consequence of the ex-
pense of transportation, the nature of which has
been very properly explained by the Quartermas-
ter General. It is with extreme difficulty that the
necessary means are sent to the posts that are
established and must be established for the pro-
tection of the country, and it is that circumstance
which has occasioned the immense expense under
which the country now labors.
I agree that it would be belter in some respects
that a fixed salary should be given to our military
men; but we have tried the experiment five or six
times since I have been in the Senate, and before
that time, an d it has met with insuperable difficul ty;
and most assuredly we are not going to do it at this
session. The present system was the early one.
It began with the establishment of our Army, and
has come down to this day; and you find the pay
of officers of the Army under separate heads of
appropriations. It is a part now of our military
system. There may be advantages, and would
be undoubtedly some advantages, apparently, in
giving a fixed sum, that everyone could see what
it was; but it is very easy to calculate, and-.with-
out much danger of any great error, the amount
received by every officer of the Army. I repeat,
you are not now going to change your system.
I do not say you will never do it hereafter; but
when you do come to make the change, you will
find great difficulties as they have been found
heretofore.
Now, speaking about the higher officers of Sie
Army, and the bearing of this measure on the
lower ones, after all you have but three or four
general officers. You have some brevets occa-
sionally, but they cannot exercise the duty of their
brevet ranks unless assigned to it by the Presi-
dent. You have only one major general and three
brigadiers in the line of the Army, and all of them
are old men. Two of them certainly have passed
their three score and ten, who won their way to
position and distinction by the highest services to
their country. I do not want to regulate exactly
what they ought to receive. I do not say it should
be a dollar more or less, for I do not know; but I'
am willing to give them such allowances as the
law fairly gives; and I would not hesitate abp.yt
this bill, which gives relief to ninety-nine outof
one hundred officers, because'it might happen to
give sopiething more to those three general-offi-
cers than I otherwise would give.
Mr. PUGH. My friend has forgotten the fact
that there are probably eight or ten brevet briga-
dier and major generals, and that these officers
are assigned to their brevet rank, and they derive
P Sr. CASS. I said before there were only three
brigadier generate, except what are assigned by
brevets. I do not say there are not too many
brevets. I am opposed to the whole system of
brevets. I would not have a single brevet officer
in the Army, if I had my way. But I repeat,
after all, the number of officers of high position
who receive the benefits of this bill is very small,
compared with the advantages to the others.
3STow, with respect to the double rations, I am
