724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 17,
free to confess there is a change in some circum-
stances connected with them. Originally, they
were undoubtedly given in consequence of offi-
cers commanding at posts where there were no
settlements, and when an officer was passing he
called on the commanding officer to entertain him
as a part of his duty. It does not now exist to
the same extent, ft is an emolument, but it is
"really one of the few prizes of the Army—one of |
the posts that an officer after long .scrvice can !
attain—that is all it is. !
The honorable Senator from California will ■
pardon me for saying that ho has greatly over- j
estimated the expense of double rations under i
anypossi hie view, and the Senator from Kentucky
is correct in the main calculation. The honorable
Senator says there are one hundred and nine Cl-
one hundred and ten double-ration posts. Now,
allowing every officer to draw ^700 a year, that
multiplied by your posts will not  ive <100,090.
You cannot pet up to §,100,000.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 find that the posts are
ninety-four, and the aggregate a'nount of double
rations,$31,£39 60. Tins is authenticinfoimation
from the War Department. If you add ten cents
to the ration, it will siveabout forty-six thousand
dollars.
Air. CASS. I thought i understood the Sen-
ator from California to say that it had been stated
at six or seven hundred thousand dollars.
Mr. WELLER.. It seeiib that I have been ,
singularly unfortunate in making myself under- ,
stood. I said the djroct expense of double rations (
was $40,000; but I said the incidental expenses ;
of the double rations, in consequence of the mih- :
tavy posts, had been estimated as high us six or
seven hundred thousand dollars. That of course
covered the expense of transportation to those
posts, and the construction of necessary buildings
to keep the men thoie. I desire to get rill of a large
number of these military posts. We have now j
many inilitni y posts between here and California
—somesevuity-iive orone hundred men stationed
at each—nut u .^ufiicient number to give protection
to the seuli'i but ju.st im m;h to provoke the
attacks of the Indian*. { would abolish that sys-
tem; I would much a Hutment oveiland, to and
from the Pacific, every year; and that n-^unent,
in my judgment, would inspire more fear anion^
the Indians, and give m:>re protection to the set-
tlers, than this multitude of small posts.
Mr. CASS. 1 shall not enter intr. r consider-
ation oi the best system of employim; ih" Aimy,
whether stationaiy or movable. I think there
tu'0 no circumstances under which both pirns
would work, lint hc;\v tue honorable Senator
from California (aleulate,; the double union to
have anything to do with the establishment or
Lgtention of posts. I e,m ml posMuh* moke out.
Who established posts: Who retains posts1
Not the officers entitled to command m tin m,but
the commanding officer of the distrii t alone, sub-
ject to the orders of the War Depailment. A
commanding officer cannot r'tain a post to luiw
his double ration.-. 1 !<"• evaluates Ins post when
directed; and the commanding officer of the dis-
trict should direct him to do it wimn the post is
not required. 1 presume no man occupying so
high a position would hesitai" a moment to
evacuate a post because it would deprho an offi-
cer of double rations. He would be unfit tor Ins
_ place, if he could be governed by ^nv sncii
sideration.
I repeat, I do not see how the question of the
.establishment or retention of po.-us affects the
question oi double rations at all. Tito lionotable
Senator seems to suppose (but 1 am sure he does
not) that a post is established to make double
rations, and when there the officer retains the post :
in order to have double rations. I say again, the
commanding; officorof the district, under the War
Department, hps the risht alone to determine !
where post* .shall be p'-rmanently established and
when they shall be f, vacated. It has nothing to
do with thu double-ration system.
The great expenses to which tho honorable
Senator refers in respect to the establishment of
posts in California and (he hr^e buildings there,
were not for double-ration purposes, and they are
not retained for fhat purpose. If they are, the
officer who does that should he complained of and
broken instantaneously. It is a serious charge
against the honor of any high officer that he estab-
lishes a post for the sake of double ration-*, or
retains a post with a vie w to retain thedouble ration
for himself or some favorite.
Mr. President, this bill may give to some of
the high officers more than I should wish; but
the pay of officers has hardly been increased since
the revolutionary war. I have made inquiry at
the War Department, and I learn that the lower
officers are resigning almost eveiy day. There
is no stimulus to remain; there is no future; there
is no prospect before them; and unless you do
something to render their position better, the prob-
ability is that you will wipe off a large number of
the moslactive portion of the officers m our Army.
How very few of them remain in this part of the
country! Very few indeed. They are almost all
west of the Mississippi; they are almost all upon
the Indian frontier; they are almost all engaged in
constant Indian hostilities, or constantly watch-
ing and following the Indians, which is equivalent
to hostility. You order them to a post to-day;
they get a little furniture; and to-morrow they
are ordered five hundred miles off, and have to go,
too, attheirown expense. Everythmgthey trans-
port, and their families go at their own expense;
they only get their mileage. Many a time in the
course of an officer's service, he is compelled to
break up his establishment, to sacrifice what little
he has, and move off a thousand miles at a great
expense, and take his family and make new pro-
vision for living where he is going to. That is a
part, of the difficulty and expense incident to his
position which he must meet and does meet.
Assuming—for I believe every gentleman who
has spoken on this subject has assumed—that the
pay of what are called the lower grades of the
Army should be increased, certainly including
captains, and many admit including majors, there
should be prizes in the service, in the Army and
Navy, lucre should be the hope of promotion,
the hope of distinction, the hope of greater emol-
ument. A man is twenty years in the service
wot king up to the grade of captain. He does
not want to stop there. He is not fit to be in the
Army if he does. He is looking forward to some-
thing better; and your question is not alone how
much a lieutenant colonel or a colonel would be
entitled to tinder other circumstances, but how
much he ought to receive as a matter of hope to
stimulate officers to the discharge of their duty,
m looking forward to attain the position for them.
This is a point in all services. There is no ser-
vice under heaven where it is not.
If we take the bill at this 8tus;o of the session,
os it came from the House of Representatives,
we may pa^s it and do justice. It sterns to me,
on the other hand, that if we tamner witii it, and
affix amendments to it, we hazard the whole bill.
Under these circumstances I shall vote for the bill
as it is.
Mi. HOUSTON. Air. Presiden!, I had no
intention or desire to participate m this debate; 1
thought the proposition befoie the Senate was so
simple that eveiy Senator's mind was prepared
for action on the subject without entering into a
general debate. Contrarv to my expectation,
however, the discussion has taken rather a dis-
cursive tan^e. I regret exttemely to I e compelled
to dissent front gentlemen whoso experience in
1 legislation and military affairs entitles them to my
respect. The immediate point before the Senate
is in regard to double rations, and increased pay.
As to that my mind is concluded. J am decidedly
in favor of the increase of pay and retaining thu
double ration. If we. as a Government, receive
the services of individuals, it is right that they
| should he treated as gentlemen, that tiiey should
. receive a competency in requital for their services,
\ and that they should be placed above the pressing
, necessities of want. We require of these officers
i duties that ought to be performed by gentlemen,
, and their recompense should be equivalent to their
services. Tor this reason, I am unhesitatingly
in favor of the increased pay and the double radon
; when the officer is in command of a separate
I post. It is true, an abuse of the power may take
t place; but the Secretary of War has at all times
the corrective in his hand, and if he be a proper
; executive officer he will prevent any abuse from
I arising m the administration of the affairs of his
Department. Whenever anything depends on the
il will and action of an individual we must run the
j risk of abuse; but the fact that the power may be
b injudiciously applied does not militate against the
. principle.
I think our military system is all wrong. I
differ with the venerable senator from Michigan,
for whom I entertain the most profound respect,
both for his wisdom and his patriotism and his
sage experience, as to the point of danger to our
Government from a standing army. I am sure
he would disclaim the general principle of a stand-
ing army; but the application of that principle
to our peculiar condition is the point upon which
I claim the privilege of dissenting from hirn. I
expect no convulsion, no revolution, or usurpa-
tion, directly by military power against the con-
stitutional authorities of this Government, or
against the liberties of the people. That is not
the way in which the Army will be dangerous to
our liberties. The danger lies in insidious progres-
sive marches, in encroachment after encroachment,
accretion after accretion, to the military power.
The danger is not from a combination or consoli-
dation of military force embodied to assail the
liberties of the country orattack and put down the
constitutional authorities of the nation. No, sir;
but it is in the halls of legislation that the danger
exists.
Go to the Military Academy, in the first in-
stance. There youseefavorites,selectedbymem-
bers of Congress from influential families, placed
at the Military Academy at the public charge, set
apart to be educated at public expense—an exclu-
sive, privileged order. They concentrate a cer-
tain decree of influence in behalf of that institution
which is felt throughout the whole country, and
is exemplified in the halls of legislation. Fam-
ilies who have political influence at home control,
to a certain extent, the election of Representatives
to the Congress of the United States, and the elec-
tion of members of the State Legislatures, and
they go to the Legislatures and lobby for the elec-
tion of Senators of the United States, and send
persons here indoctrinated with certain notions in
favor of the Army, which are to be felt in legisla-
tion. Sir, lot any one here attack the Army or
the Navy, and you will find that it has advocates
and sympathizers in the halls of legislation, not
alone upon political grounds, but upon individual
feelings, and the preferences that gentlemen here
entertain for members of the corps. It is evi-
dent that personal considerations, sympathy for
friends, or a desire to conciliate political influence
at home, do, to a certain, extent control legislation
in these halls for the Aimy. It is the continuance
of this course which is to make the Army so in-
fluential as eventually to be dangerous.
We are told that there must be a goal to which
the officer is to march; that the subalterns cannot
be contented without rank; that an officer is not
fit for the service of^iis country who has not the
spirit of ambition stimulating him to the acquisi-
tion of higher rank. I admit that this is a noble
and generous impulse, to a certain extent; and it
is what the soldier should always feel. His am-
bition should be shown by his soldierly deport-
ment, his becoming gentlemanly conduct, his
high chivalrous bearing;, to commend himself to
the confidence of his Government, and the admi-
ration of his comrades, so that he may attain to
a lugh and distinguished place in military renown.
I concede all this; but let me remind Senators
that this feeling of ambition has been recently
exemplified most disastrously to one arm of our
service. Look at the condition of the Navy.
There the desue for promotion was rife. Rank
was said to be necessary to promote the •junior
officers. It was said the officers of the Navy
must be multiplied to give positions to individuals
and prematurely to give them rank. It was done.
The noblest spirits of our scrvice have been ruth-
lessly stricken down, and that arm of the coun-
try's defense palsied. That is one exemplification
of the principle of "honorable ambition" in in-
ferior rank i As you have done in the Navy, I
suppose you will have to do in the'Army. You
must increase the Army to accommodate all the
aspirants who wish these high distinctions. They
have been selected, not for any esprit de corps,
not for robust and athletic constitutions, but from
a principle of favoritism and influence. It was
this influence which obtained them a place at the
Military Academy. After undergoing a proba-
tion there, they are selected for the purpose of
leading our armies, and constituting the nucleus
on which our liberties and the glory of our coun-
try are to depend. As they come forward matured
for office, I suppose you must increase ths Army
