1S57.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
725
according to the requirements of the superabund-
ance of aspirants. You must not only create
subordinate, but higher ranks to gratify those
■who have passed this probationary course, first
in the Academy and then in the Army, that they
may attain that goal which is suggested by the
honorable Senator from Michigan.
Sir, to this system I objeet. Genius is slum-
bering in obscurity all around us. There are few-
inheritors of genius. It is the common property
of mankind, but it is rarely exhibited. A Wash-
ington, a Napoleon, a Jackson, may now be in
obscurity in private life, having no official friends
to obtain him a situation at the Military Acad-
emy, or in the Army of the United States. You
make officers for the Army as you would make
mechanical instruments; but, sir, God must stamp
the soldier and the general, or the impress is
base. If L were to select an army upon which I
were compelled to depend to save this Republic,
I would take for my officers active, energetic
men who were distinguished in the common avo-
cations of life; I would take the stripling of eigh-
teen or twenty from his plow-handle, and invest
him with the insignia of an officer, and he would
feel all the fullness of manhood in his limbs and
in his heart. I would not take one who was
mechanically formed by artifice; but I would take
the man whose instincts were noble, whose thews
and muscles were perfect, who could take hardy
exercisc without discipline and drill, who had
had to act and rely on his own resources for
position in life. I would not take men whose
position was the mere result of accident or mech-
anism. I protest against the present system by
■which an exclusive, privileged order is created,
and the resultof which is, that you may increase
the Army but you can never decrease it. You
may tell me that it was decreased after the Mex-
ican war when the volunteers were disbanded and
returned to their homes.
Sir, these volunteers are the men who are to
come forth from the forest in the hour of peril,
and save and rescue your country. It is not a
tactician, but it is a genius formed by nature that
is to lead your armies to victory. The occasion
always produces the men. The call of patriotism
■will bring them forth from their dells, from their
mountain tops, from their gorges. They will
come forth as a mighty torrent to overwhelm the
adversary when one shall come to our soil; and
when the mighty work of battle is done, and the
redemption of the country is complete, they will
return to the quiet walks of private life, carrying
back the delightful recollection of having honor-
ably and efficiently served their country; and they
will receive the warm emjaaces of family and of
friends; and the tear of afl^Ron will fall from the
isoldier's rugged brow. This is the recompense
that citizens can have when called from their
homes when occasion demands adventure or peril
or sacrifice of life in defense of the country.
These are men who come pure from the hand of
Divinity, stamped with the impress of freemen,
and willing to perileverything forlove of country,
and who are not impelled by a mere desire to
shine in their profession. Sir, I want the citizen-
soldier to do the mighty deeds of battle—to bear
the banner of his country aloft. He is the man
upon whom you must rely.
There is danger of increasing the Army to grat-
ify the aspirations of men who wish for promo-
tion, and who are unwilling to be satisfied with
the boons they have received. Promotion is too
slow to suit them. While they are in this con-
dition, however, I would recompense them for
their time and service liberally; 1 would give them ;
the means of gentlemanly subsistence.
But we are told that outposts are necessary. I
deny it. The Senator from California, whose
manly, practical, and frank course in the Senate
I have admired, says that the Army would be
more efficiently employed by keeping them on the i
march, and not have them cooped up in pickets
or in forts. Sir, in these posts they are as inef-
ficient as a heathen god is in an Egyptian temple.
J. hey can do no good there. They are utterly
inefficient. They may provoke hostilities from
the enemy, but they are inefficient in the work of
chastisement. Have not all our Indian wars of
'ate, upon the Missouri and the Platte, been pro-
voked by the military stations there ? The agents
have complained, and have said that without the
army the Indians would have been harmless; but
the indiscretion of officers placed in command,
without experience .ambitious to distinguish them-
selves in the piping times of peace, and make
glorious war honorable, is such that they commit
outrages and provoke wars that fall upon the
head of innocence; the mother and the babe alike
becoming the victims of exasperated savage feel-
ing, provoked by the conduct of the military of
our country. In this remark, I do not embrace
all our Army officers, but I allude to the inju-
dicious selections of young and inexperienced
officers for these commands, whose habits, per-
haps, involve them in excess of conduct.
Sir, I know the Army; I appreciate it. It is
now, I presume, as it was of old, composed of
gallant and generous and noble spirits—men of
the highest tone, of spotless reputation, and peer-
less honors. This clmiacter, however, only ap-
plies to them as a class; it does notapply to them
all as individuals. I have much respect and much
sympathy for the Army. Having served in the
Army of the United States, with diminished pay,
for five years of the most valuable portion of my
life, I can never forget the associations of former
times. I was once classed, and considered it an
honor to be classed, with the officers of the Amer-
ican Army. We must, however, look at things
practically. If you withdrew your troops from
the frontier, and expended less than one half the
sum now spent in transportation of their bag-
gage, independent of their supplies, we should
have peace with every Indian in America. We
do not want the troops for war on our borders,
because they are in fortresses, and in the very
view of a fortress, with its artillery pointed, an
Indian will come and scalp a soldier if he is a
little beyond the range of musket-shot, shake the
scalp in the face of the fortress, and run away
unhurt, and have a gala day with his tribe, in-
ducing others to imitate his example. These
posts are a provocation to the Indians, an in-
vitation to aggression, fjpend only the amount
which you now devote to transportation, and
you will have peace with every Indian on our
borders.
Mr. President, I should not have made these
remarks but that I heard principles announced by
older minds than mine, more mature in thought,
clearer in perception, wiser in the range of the
great practical concerns of the Government, to
which I cannot consent. I have,felt it my duty
on this occasion to express, with all possible
deference, my dissent from those opinions. 1
will vote for this bill as it comes here from the
House of Representatives. I am prepared to
sustain the Army to the fullest extent required
by the necessities or conveniences or comforts
of the officers; but I never will subscribe to the
doctrine, that no citizen can be taken from private
life and placed in the Army. I say the Military
Academy is the foundation of an exclusive privi-
leged order. All butgraduatcs of that institution
are shut out from the Army, no matter how noblo
their aspirations, how commanding their genius,
how peerless their honor. I maintain that the
boy at his plow handle, if he have superior
qualities, is as well entitled as the man who has
undergone a training at West Point. The man
who has manufactured a military feeling by train-
ing there, may go into the walks of private life,
which are just as open to him as they are to the
youth who lives by toils and industry, and who
spends his year alternately—a portion of it at an
academy, or college, or country school, and the
rest in toiling laboriously with his hands to store
his mind with useful practical knowledge. He
is excluded; while the man who is pampered in
ease and affluence, because he has political influ-
ence, is preferred m this country. It is contrary
to the genius of our institutions and to the prin-
ciples of liberty. I have protested—I shall con-
tinue to protest against it.
There was lately an accession of four regiments
to the Army of the United States. Out of nearly
two hundred officers appointed there were some
half dozen or dozen taken from the walks of
private life, and they were selected through polit-
ical influence! I say every officer should have
been taken from the citizens who could have been
transformed into efficient soldiers. Then was the
time to exemplify a principle correct in itself,
that the country is made for all; and every man
who bears a snare in its defense—who toils to
sustain its glory and its renown and contributes
to its resources, is entitled to an equal share in its
favors and its honors.
Mr. WELLER. I desire simply to call the
attention of the Senate to the real question which
is now presented for our consideration. There,
are various questions which have been fully, aiid
I might say ably, discussed by Senators on this
floor, which may possibly come up at some future
day for our determination; they are not now be-
fore us. Whether it would be politic or not to
abolish the Military Academy at West Point is
a question which can be determined whenever
the appropriation comes up for that institution.
Nor do I think that the time of the Senate should
be consumed with eulogizing our Army. Their
deeds of gallantry are written on every page of
our country's history. I am willing to leave
them there. Our Army, though small, has ex-
cited the admiration of the world; their deeds of
daring are unparalleled in the history of man. I
will not follow the example of the venerable Sen-
ator from Michigan in attempting to add anything
to the brilliant luster that has been shed on the
American name by the gallant deeds of our sol-
diers in the Mexican war.
Thus far we agree, that it is necessary and
proper to increase the pay of the Army; that the
compensation allowed them by existing laws is "
wholly inadequate; and that unless the compen-
sation be increased, we shall necessarily lose the
service of many of the most gallant and useful
men in that Army. Thus far I say the whole
Senate agree; and the only question is whether
we shall abolish the system of double rations, so
far as to place it within the power of the Presi-
dent of the United States to allow them, under
special circumstances, where he may deem it.
proper?
This system of double rations had its origin ill
the year 1797. The act of 1802 gave to command-
ing officers such additional rations as the Presi-
dent of the United States might from time to time
direct, having respect to the special circumstances
of the case. This is the exact proposition which
is no w pending before the Senate. If this amend-
ment be adopted, you are virtually thrown back
to the act of 1802, which gives double rations in
such cases only as shall justify it in the discretion
of the constitutional commander-in-chief. Is the
Senate willing to trust it there > As I said before,
there may be circumstances which would justify
the allowance of additional rations at some of
these posts: such as Newport, Carlisle, and Fort-
ress Monroe, and other posts visited by travel-
ers through our country who desire to see the
operations of our system. There the President
doubtless would allow double rations for the
purpose of defraying the expenses thus incurred;
but in your Army on the frontier, in Kansas,
Nebraska, and New Mexico, where they are not
called upon to incur these expenses, the Presi-
dent, I take it for granted, under my amendment,
would not direct the allowance of double rations.
The whole question, then, resolves itself into
this: are you willing to vote for a necessary
amendment to this lull, or will you reject it be-
cause any amendment will hazard the bill in the
other House of Congress? Sir. I will do my duty
here, and leave the House of Representatives to
do their duty. I will vote for an amendment which
I deem necessary and proper, although Senators
may tell me that it will hazard the bill, no matter
what the action of the other branch of Congress
may be. However willing I am to increase the
pay of our Army officers, 1 am equally anxious
to abolish that which 1 consider a great abuse in
the public servu.u,
I said a short time ago, that I desired to get
rid of many of these military posts. 1 think, on
examination, you will find that in the State so
nbly represented by my friend from Texas, [Mr.
Rusk,] they have 'military posts within a very
few miles of each other. I cannot see why they
are kept up, unless it be to give the commanding
officer a double ration. I am in favor of abolish-
ing a multitude of military pojte that you have
established, extending from tins to the Pacific
side. You could give to your inhabitants, and
to travelers and ^migrants, a far greater degree
of protection by marching a regiment annually
through that country, than by retaining, at enor-
mous expense, these military posts. In other
words, I do not want these little military posts,
with seventy-five men, where you are compelled
