1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
737-
of the Senate may be in favor of, if you will pay
them in dollars and cents, as Navy officers are
paid; but the present mode of payings them indi-
rectly in commutation for rations, commutations
for servants and horses, operates, unjustly. It
operates as a fraud on the country; and no one,
unless he is an accounting officer, can know how
much is paid to our Army officers.
I have remarked that injustice is done to the
different officers, because some receive more pay
than others. Under the present regulations, all
the officers of particular grades are entitled to so
many servants and so many horses. By a kind
of fiction of construction, whether they have those
horses and servants or not, they receive commu-
tation for them. General Jesup and other officers
refused to certify, on honor, that they had the
horses when they did not, in fact, have them. A
large portion of the Army, by some construction,
considered that they were entitled to them, and
therefore had them, although, in fact, they did not
have them. Those who give the certificate on
honor, as the law requires, receive the commu-
tation; while others, more conscientious, do not
receive it.
I shall vote for the proposition of the Senator
from Tennessee to pay the officers of the Army
as you pay the officers of the Navy—so much to
each grade; and 1 shall vote for the amendment
proposed by the Committee on Military Affairs,
believing that this double pay only serves as an
injury, and not as a benefit. If the officers in com-
mand of posts are entitled to double commutation,
why not say directly that they shall have double
pay ? Fix it in dollars and cents. It is intended
that they shall receive it in money. They do
receive it in money, and not in kind. Why not
doit? Will any Senator here give any reason
why you should not pay whatever their services
are worth directly, and not do it by indirection?
I have long since determined not to pay money
by indirection; but I will vote for anything reason-
able that may be proposed by a direct payment.-
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Adams] has anticipated me in almost all I
intended to say in explanation of my vote. Like
every Senator, I believe, who has addressed the
Senate, I desire to increase the pay of certain
officers of the Army. I think the pay of officers
below the rank of general ought to be increased.
I do not think the pay of your major and brig-
adier generals, and more especially of the lieu-
tenant general, should be increased; but I will
not vote for this bill, or for any increase of the
pay unless some amendment similar to that sug-
gested by the Committee on Military Affairs be
adopted. I am opposed to^us system of paying
n^SBmmutation monev.
because he is entitled to this complement of
horses and servants, certifies that he has them
and he obtains the pay, '
This is a system which holds out a constant
temptation to fraud and false statements, and I
will not be an accessory before the fact to the per-
petration of these offenses, and I should feel that
I was, if I voted for a system which constantly
tempted the officer to a misstatement of the true
number of horses, or the true number of servants
he may have.
I want them all paid alike, and I want them
paid in a manner thatevcrybody can understand.
I will vote for an increased compensation, but I
will not vote for it as long as this system is ob-
served which we are assured has been the source
of a great deal of abuse. I am told of certain
incidents which I shall not designate; but if a
question is made about it 1 shall perhaps offer
some proof.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment; and they
were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment to the amend-
ment, which was to strike out the third section
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs,
and to insert:
Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That hwaiter double
rations lor command of posts garrisoned with troops, nre
prohibited, unless specially ordered by the President of the
united States; and all laws and regulations contrary to tUe
provisions of this act are hereby repealed.
for rations, and of paying^Wmmutation money.
It is a system bad in principle and vicious in
practice. I am opposed to any system of pub-
lic expenditure which is not intelligible to every
man who can read the English language, and who
has common sense. Secret service money is
always justly odious; and yet the pay of the offi-
cers of the Army, in respect to their rations and
commutation, is very much in the nature of secret
service money. No man whoisnota professional
man can understand what they get. 1 cannot tell,
even with the instruction which has been given me
by gentlemen who are conversant with military
affairs, how to estimate the pay of your major gen-
erals and lieutenant general, or any subordinate
officer. The people of this country have a right
to know what is paid to public officers, and how
it is paid.
This system, too, is the source of a great deal
ot abuse, notwithstanding the protest of my hon-
orable friend from Texas, [Mr. Rusk.] For in-
stance, the Senator from Mississippi has just
brought to the notice of the Senate a fact which
* ®uppo«e cannot be disputed, that you find men
of the same rank in the Army engaged in the
same service, occupying the same post, for the
same period of time, perhaps, receiving widely
^ir equal pay; the aggregate compensation of one
through a series of years greatly exceeds the com-
pensation of the other. Whence this inequality
ot compensation*—the higher pay allowed to the
one,and the lower pay to the other? Itis because
th °i!Je ^aS conscientious scruples in certifying
hat he has a certain number of horses to which
ne is entitled, for which forage is furnished, and
f'ner/ailL num^cr servants- to which he is en-
titled; the other, with more elastic conscience,
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas IT, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS— >T«smn. Adam?. Allen, Clay, Evans, Fitepalrick,
Geyor, Green, Ifuntei, Johnson, Jones of Tennessee, Ma-
sou, Pugh, Sebastian, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs,
Toucey, and Widler—17. 7 '
NAYS—Mrssre.. Bell of New Hampshire, Roll of Ten-
nessee, Beaiamm, I5iglor, Hrodhead, ISiown, Butler, Oa-s
CollaniPi, Crittenden, Pod«{0, Doughs, Fessenden, Fish'
Fuel), Pom, FoHei,<TYvnt, Houston,'Jvorton. James, Jotu-s
of Iowa, Mallory, Noui>es lteid, Husk, Sewaid, Shdell,
Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wilson, Wiieht, and
Yulee—-3'J, a 5
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment of the committee to
insert,as the third section;
That from and after the passage of tins act, additional
or double ration* for command are prohibited; and all laws
contrary to the provisions of sections of thu law be, and
the same are heieby, repealed.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 19, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Clay, Fitzpatriek,Geyer,
Green, fluntci, Johnson. Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Itcid,
Slidi'll, Stuart, Toombs, Toucey, Trumbull, Wade, Wcllei,
and Wilson—19.
WAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, J3igiei, llrodhead, Brown, Butler, Oa«s,
Collamer, Crittenden, Dodge, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Fos-
ter, Gwin, Houston, Iverson, James, Jones of Iowa, Mal-
loiy, Nourse, Pusrh, itut k, Seward, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Wright, and Yulco— 28.
So the amendment was rejected.
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is an-
| other amendment of the committee, to add:
Sre. 1. Jlixdhe it further enacted. That the words " non-
commissioned offiecis, mu-ician>, and "privates," in the
firiu section of the act entitled '' An act to increase the pay
ot" the rank and file or the Army, and to encourage enhst-
iiipnfs," approved August 4, lfc'4, shall lie constnied to
include ail enlisted men of the Army of the United States.
Mr. CASS. Is there any doubt about them r
Mr. WELLER. The only object is to carry
out the intention of Congress in 1854, in raising
the pay of non-commissioned officers and privates
of the Army. It was so construed at the Depart-
ment as to exclude the enlisted men of the ord-
nance.
Mr. CASS. They Raid "enlisted men" did
not mean enlisted men ?
Mr. WELLER. Yes.
Mr. COLLAMER. Can the gentleman tell
me the exact expression of the former law ? Was
it " all enlisted men of the Array?"
Mr. WELLER. 1 think so.
Mr. COLLAMER. This is the same language,
and does not include them any more.
Mr. CASS. The amendment may be proper,
but 1 submit to the honorable Senator whether it
is worth while to push it on this bill. It will
hazard the bill. I am just informed, on good
authority, that the construction of the Depart-
ment is the correct one—that enlisted, men mekn£.
all men enlisted, but jt did not mean, all em-
ployes hired for particular purposes, and wasnot-
mtended to do.so. ;l
iQcfr-' SELLER. The language, in tlie actof,.
1854 is " non-commissioned officers, musician^V-,
and privates;" and that was held not to incfiifl® "
the enlisted men in the Ordnance department.' -
Mr. CASS. They did not use the term " en- -
listed men."
, Mr. WELLER, No*, and therefore they say
it did not extend to ordnance men, though they
are enlisted.
Mr. CASS. It seems to me it is not well to
hazard the bill on this amendment.
. Mr. RUSK. We can put it on an appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. WELLER. These men are justly entitled
to the additional pay, and I trust we shall give it '
to them.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to move an amend-
ment to this bill. I do not know that any other
Senator will vote for it; but I believe it right, and
I make the motion. I am willing to vote to in-
crease the pay of the subordinate officers, but I-
believe the lieutenant colonels, the colonels, ant'
generals of the Army are adequately paid no«fc.
I move to insert after the words " each commis-
sioned officer of the Army," the words " uhder-
the rank of lieutenant colonel;" so that the in'-,
creased pay will apply to majors and all officers,
of inferior rank.
Mr. PUGH. 1 move to amend the amendment
by striking out " lieutenant colonel" and insert-
ing" brigadier general."
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. JONES,of Tennessee. Mr. President  
Mr. WELLER. I appeal to my friend from
Tennessee to abstain from offering his amend-
ment. The question has been settled by the Sen-
ate. It is impossible to correct these abuses in
the Army so long as we have so many officers in
this city; and I suggest that we may as well let
them have the increased pay which the iSetiaie,
have already decided they shall have. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would yield with '
infinite pleasure to my friend from California if I
did not feel that I had a public duty to perform.
I am satisfied that the bill is wrong; I am per-
fectly satisfied in my own judgment that it will
work evil to the country and to the Army; and I
should be false to myself and false to my position
if I did not attempt, as far as I could, to remedy
it. That is my object. I do notexpcct to succeed
with this amendment, but I hope to spread it
on the record with my vote for it. Whether it
receives the vote of another Senator or not, is
wholly immaterial to me.
I have devoted much time to tiiis subject. I
have been thinking about it for years; and 1 feel
assured that if I had time, and the Senate was in
a condition now to listen to amendments, I could
satisfy the Senate that they arc making a mistake.
But the new doctrine which has olitdiued here
recently, since I came into the Senate, that it will
not do for us to make amendments to House
bills for fear of losing them, in my judgment is
one of the most dangerous preceden ts ever estab-
lished. I will not, so far as my vote goes, add
anything to that rule ot that precedent. When
offering my amendment, 1 do it under these con-
victions, and I wish to make a single remark, for
1 do not want to detain the Senate.
Ill the schedule that I pies.uiit to the Senate,
fixing the pay, I have endeavored to ascertain, as.
nearly as 1 could, what was the actual pay of the
various grades now. I have a report made to the
House of Representatives last year, giving the
| actual pay of every officer in the Army. I have
i gone over itcarufully; I have had an experienced
clerk to go over it carefully, and ascertain, as
nearly as we could, what was the average pay of
the different grades. I have taMktliat as a basis.
Then I have added a fair and treasonable, and
I think ft generous increase of salary, and it i 
upon that basis that I offer the amendment. Let
me illustrate, beginning with the lieutenant gen-
eral. What does he get now? He received laet
year $9,714 78, and claims that he was entitled
to a great deal morii. There is a controversy-
growing out of th^ very difficulty wo are now
