734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
channel in the Maumee bay; which were referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BIGCxS presented a petition of citizens of
Halifax county, North Carolina, praying that
Jesse Butts may be allowed a pension, in consid-
eration of his long and faithful services as a mail
carrier; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SEWARD presented the petition of Cath-
erine Wilkie, praying for remuneration for the
military services and sufferings of her father,
John Paine, during the revolutionary war; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
-Claims.
Mr. STUART presented a petition of H. Dy-
kerman and others, for the establishment of a
.mail route from Paw Paw to Three Rivers, in
the State of Michigan; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He .also presented a petition of citizens of the
-State of Michigan, for the establishment of a mail
-route from Ovid Centre to Okemos,in that State;
whiehwas referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BIGGS. I present a memorial of citizens
of New York, praying that the public lands he
laid out in farms and lots for the use of actual
settlors, and given to them free of cost. It is
proper to say, that I do not concur with the me-
morialists in the disposition they propose tr> make
of the public lands; but I think it my duty to
present the memorial, as I have been requested
to do so, and move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
It was so referred.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire, presented a
petition of the Boston, Concord, and Montreal
Railroad Company, for a grant of land to enable
-them to pay debts contracted in constructing
their road; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Iowa in favor of appropriations
for a custom-house at Burlington, and a marine
hospital and port of entry at Council ttlufls, in
that Slate; which were referred to the Commitu e
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
iJe also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa in favor of a grant of land to that
State to aid in the construction of a railroad from
<Camanche, in that State, to intersect the Great
Pacific railroad; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legiyla-
ture of Iowa in favor of a repeal of the duties on
railroad iron; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa in favor of the establishment of the
following mail routes in that State: from Fulton
City to Cedar Ropids; from Marietta through
Steamboat Rock, in Hardin county, to intersect
some mail route already established; from Iowa
City to Ottumwa; from McGregor's Landing to
Glenallary and Bristol; from Indianolato Prince-
ton; from Win terse t to Osceola; from Newton to
Chariton; from Maquoketa to Dubuque; from
Ottumwa to Chariton; from Guttenburg to Inde-
pendence; from Guttenburg to Dyersville; and
from Guttenburg to Lancaster; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, in favor of a grant of public land
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
that State; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. HALE presented the petition of Nancy
Road, widow of Levi Read, deceased, a revolu-
tionary soldier, praying to be allowed a pension,
under the act of June 7, 1832; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DURKEE. I present apetition of citizens
of Burlington, Wisconsin,praying that the duty
on sugar may be abolished. They represent that
sugar-cane has become so universal and indispen-
sable an article of consumption as to be not im-
properly reckoned among the necessaries of life;
that the duty of thirty per cent, with which it is
burdened on its importation into our country,
weighs severely upon the mass of the people,
and upon the various trades and occupations in
which it is used as a raw material; that the sugar-
cane is a tropical plant, which does rot come
to perfection in the climate of the United States;
and that, owing to frequent unfavorable seasons,
the tendency of the plant to degenerate, and the
exhaustion of the soil of the sugar estates, more
labor is necessary to produce a given quantity of
sugar in this country than in any other part of
the world from which the commodity is brought;
that the making of sugar from the cane is, for
these reasons, even with the present high duty,
never likely to become a prosperous branch of
industry in our country. I move to refer the
petition to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the petition
of the heirs of Captain Joseph Packwood, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 599) !
further to amend " An act to provide for the bet- |
tor security of the lives of passengers on board ■
of vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam, 1
reported it without amendment.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on Mili- !
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II. 1
II. No. 630) for the relief of Benjamin W. Smith- i
son, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 4155) for the re- ■
lief of Antoine Robedeau, reported that it ought .
not to pass.
_ Mr. DOUGLAS, from the Committee on Ter- j
ritories, to whom were rofeired the following bills, I
reported them without amendment:
A bill (II. R. No. G4'2) to authorize the people :
of the Territory of Minnesota to form a consti- j
tution and State government, preparatory to their ■
admission into the Union on an equal footing with ;
the original States. I
A bill (H.R.No. 423) making appropriations I
for the bridging of streams and opening roads in !
Minnesota 'IVnitory; and j
A hill (LI. R. No. (>41) for the construction of '
a road in the Territory of Nebraska. |
He also, from the same committee, to whom '
was referred the bill (11. R. No. 7) to authorize j
the people of the Territory of Oregon to form a 1
constitution and State government, preparatory '
to their admission into the Union on an equal !
looting with the original States, reported it with ;
amendments. j
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Claims, t
to whom was referred the petition of Alfred G. j
Benson, submitted a report, accompanied by a |
bill (S. No. GOG) for his relief; which was read, ,
and passed to a second reading; and the report .
was ordeied to be printed. 1
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Mil- ji
itary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. j'
R. No. 617) for the relief of Brevet Captain Fred- '
eriek Steele, United Siatea Army, reported it
without amendment.
Mr.SEWARD,from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom were referred sundry memorials
on the subject, reported a bill (S. No. 607) to
provide for the exploration of the river Niger, in
Africa; which was read, and passed to a second
reading; and the accompanying papers were or-
dered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, Tliat the Committee on Commeice be discharged
fmm ttie 1'u riln-r consideration of the resolutions of the Coin- ;
mon Council of EnfLilo, m iclatioii to the enlargement of I
the post olhce.md custom-house building ut that place, and \
the r<'poit ot the rostma>ter General on the same subject, i
coimuuuiotitcd lo the Senate February 7. !
On motion of Mr. EVANS, it was !
Ordered, Thutthe Committee on Revolutionary Claims be
discharged from the further consideration of the petition of ■
Thomas Gregoiy Smith. i
On motion of Mr. FISH, it was !
Ordered, That the Committee on Nava! Affairs be dis- ^
charged fiom Hie further consideration of the petition of
John J. dawson, and that he have leave to withdraw his
petition ana pupeis.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Territories be dis-
charged from the f'uiher consideration of the bill (S. No.
8) to extend the western boundary of the Slate of Iowa to
the Missouri river.
NOTICE OF BILLS.
Mr, GWIN gave notice of his intention to ask
leava to introduce the following bills:
_ A bill to authorize and facilitate the construc-
tion of a northern, a southern, and a central
Pacific railroad and magnetic telegraph through
the Territories of the United States;
A bill to enter the right of preemption to settlers
on the public domain; and
A bill to facilitate the survey of private land
claims in the State of California.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BENJAMIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
603) to authorize the purchase of certain lands
belonging to Francis Gfardere; whiehwas read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring m a bill (S. No. 604)
granting certain additional powers to the Corpo-
ration of Washington; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed the lull entitled " An act providing for the
regular transmission of the mail on route No.
684*3."  
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Air. Ofm.om, us Clerk, announced that the
1 louse of Representatives had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 799) for the relief of the people of Kan-
sas; in winch the concurrence of the Senate was
requested.
PATENT LAWS.
Mr. STUART asked, and byunanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
602) to amend the several acts now in force with
relation to the Patent Office; which was read a
first time, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. STUART. This bill is one of a very im-
portant character, and it is on a subject that has
be-m several timed before the Committee on Pat-
ents and the Patent Office. They are in favor of
some legislation of the kind. At this stage of the
session a reference of the bill is unnecessary.
What 1 propose now is simply to ask the Senate
to have the bill printed, and then I invoke the
attention of Senators to it, and if it be found ac-
ceptable, I shall ask at an early day to take it up.
If not, it will go over, of course.
The bill was oidered tu be printed.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL GRAHAM'S REPORT.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on Printing
have instructed me to leport the following reso-
lution:
ResolvetU That there ho printed for the use of the Senate
the u^uai number of the repoit of Lieutenant Colonel Gra-
ham on (he haibors, &e , in Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana,
and Michigan, undei hi-- -^upci mtcndencp, as communicated
to the Senate at this &o^sion by the Secretary of War, ex-
clusive ot the map'.
Mr. STUART. I agree to that part which ex-
cludes the maps, but I wish to amend the resolu-
tion so as to print the report in one volume. I
move to insert before the word " report" the word
"whole," and then to amend the descriptive part
by striking out the words " at this session/'
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator can effect his
object by moving to strike out the words " at this
session," and insert " during this Congress,"
Mr. STUART. That is what I propose, and
also to insert the word4' whole" before " report."
Mr. JOHNSON. That is unnecessary, if we
insert the words during this Congress."
Mr. STUART. Very well. I move to amend
it in that way.
Mr. JOHNSON. The printing of the maps,
which are very numerous, and which have been
excluded from the resolution by order of the com-
mittee, form the great expense. The printing of
the report itself will cost only about five hundred
dollars. That is the estimate furnished us by the
Superintendent of Public Printing. The reprint-
ing which the Senator from Michigan desires to
embrace by hisr amendment will cost about five
hundred dollars more, so that the whole cost will
then be about one thousand dollars. As he does
not insist on printing the maps, I feel somewhat
indifferent myself in regard to the proposition;
