1857.
-fHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
:«5
■but I am not authorized to accept the amend-
ment, because the action of the committee recom-
mended the resolution as I have presented it. It
will be for the Senate to consider whether they
choose to adopt the amendment offered by the
Senator from Michigan or not.
Mr. STUART. I think the chairman of the
-committee and the othpr members of the com-
mittee are right in their impression that, as a
•general thing, the additional expense of reprint-
ing should not be incurred. In this case, how-
'ever, it is very small, and in order to make the
report valuable it should be in a single volume.
That is the only effect of the amendment I pro-
pose, and it excludes all the maps, the printing of
which would be very expensive. I do not pro-
pose to print them, but simply to have the*report
-in a convenient shape, that all the Senate may
refer to it at the proper time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will ask the Senator from Michigan whether the
word " report" should be in the singular or plu-
ral?
Mr. S-TUART. It is all one report.
The amendment was agreed to; and the reso-
lution as amended was adopted.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senate to fix a day
on which we may consider territorial business.
I have not had a territorial day this session, and
I shall bo willing to take Saturday if the Senate
will give it to me, for the purpose of considering
territorial business.
Several Senators. Say Saturday.
Mr. BIGGS. I suggest to the Senator from
Illinois the propriety of saying Monday. I should
like to be here when territorial business is taken
up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should be willing to agree
to that, but all other Senators say Saturday.
There is a general desire, as it is late in the ses-
sion, to have an early day fixed. I give notice
that I shall ask for the consideration of territorial
business on Saturday.
CHIEF JUSTICE CUSHING.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, at the last ses-
sion of Congress the Senator from South Carolina
[Mr. Botler] introduced a bill to procure a mar-
ble bust of the late Chief Justice Rutledge, of
South Carolina. I suggested at the time the pro-
priety of procuring also a bust of the late Chief
Justice Cushing, of Massachusetts. The Com-
mittee on the Library reported the bill introduced
-by the Senator from South Carolina, and that bill
has passed both Houses of Congress. A bust in
marble of Chief Justice Rutledge has been or-
dered, although he presided over the Supreme
Court but twelve days, and his nomination was
rejected by the Senate of the United States. Of
this I do not complain, for I voted most cheerfully
for the bill to procure a bust in honor of the distin-
guished South Carolinian.
I now, Mr. President, introduce a bill to pro-
cure a bust m marble of the late Chief Justice
William Cushing, of Massachusetts, and I hope
it will receive the approbation of the Library
Committee and the sanction of both Houses of
Congress. In the spring of 1794 Chief Justice
Jay was sent to England to negotiate if possible
' a treaty with the Court of St. James. At the
August term of the Supreme Court in 1794, and
at the February term in 1795, Judge Cushing pre-
sided over the sittings of the court. On Mr. Jay's
return from England he resigned the office of
Chief Justice, and Mr. Rutledge was nominated
early in July, 1795, his successor. The court
met early in August, and Judge Cushing pre-
sided until Mr. Rutledge arrived and took the
oath of office, which was on the twelfth of the
month. Judge Cushing had thus presided over
the court at the August term, 1794, the February
term, 1795, and nearly half of the August term
of the. same year.
. On the 10th of December, 1795, President-Wash-
ington sent in to the Senate the nomination of Mr.
R-utledge as Chief Justice, and on the 15th of De-
cember his nomination was rejected. On the 26th
of January, 1796,President'Washington,sentin to
the Senate the nomination of Mr. Cushing. and
the next day his nomination as Chief Justice was
unanimously confirmed. On the 3d of February
the Supreme Court met at Philadelphia, the then
•seat of Government. Judge Cushing had been
nominated and unanimously confirmed as Chief
Justice the preceding week. He presided over the
sittings of the court excepting a few days when
he was confined to his rooms by illness, until the
7th of March, when Mr. Ellsworth, was sworn
into office, to which he had been appointed on the
3d of March, on the declination of Judge Cush-
ing to accept the office of Chief Justice. Judge
Cushing, during the month of February, con-
tinued to preside over the court, holding the ques-
tion of the acceptance of the office of Chief Justice,
which the President, with the unanimous sanction
of the Senate, had conferred upon him, under
advisement. Owing to the state of his health,
which was so poor as to keep him from presiding
over the court during a portion of the latter part
of February, he declined to qualify as Chief Jus-
tice. The office was conferred upon him by the
President and Senate. He had performed its
duties most of the time for two years. He held
the question of acceptance under advisement for
more than a month, continuing, at the same time,
■to discharge its duties; and he then declined to ac-
cept it, owing to the apprehension that his health
would not permit, him to discharge its duties. He
continued on the bench, however, until 1810, often
presiding over the court as the oldest associate
justice.
I now ask leave to introduce the bill of which
I have given notice.
Leave was granted; and the bill (S. No. 605)
to procure a bust, in marble, of the late Chief
Justice William Cushing, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
LAND CLAIMS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. WELLER. 1 desire to ask the consent
of the Senate to take up a little bill which I in-
troduced some time since, which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims, and has
been reported back with an amendment. It is
the bill (S. No. 511) supplementary to an act en-
titled " An act to ascertain and settle the private
land claims in the State of California," approved
March 3, 1851. I suppose there will not be the
slightest objection to it.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill, which was reported
from the Committee on Private Land Claims with
an amendment, to strikeout, in section one, " six
calendar months," and insert " one year;" and
also, in section two, to strike out " six months,"
and insert " one year."
Mr. WELLER. It is a mere amendment as
to time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Let the bill be read as
amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be it enacted, Sfc., TImt whenever, from accident or dis-
ability, any claimant of land shall have tailed to present
his claim for confirmation to the commission organized
under the piovis^ns ot the act of Congress to "settle pri-
vate land claims in the State of California," passed on the
3d of March, 1831, it shall be lawful for said claimant, at
any time within one year after the passage of tins act, to
present his claim to the district court of the United States
for the proper district of California, with a petition setting
forth the facts and the reasons of hts said failure to present
his said claim to the said hoard of commissioners; and the
said district court, on being satisfied with the sufficiency of
said reasons, shall hear and determine said claim. The
proceedings on said petition to he the same as in like cases
before said commission and in said district court on appeal
from said commissioners to said court; the said parties
having the right of appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States, as in other cases. And the District Attorney
of the United States shall appeal on behalf of tile United
State, on having thirty days' notice by service of a copy
of said petition upon lnin. .
Sec. 2. "'Inrt be it further enacted, That in cases which
have been decided by the boaid of commissioners on pri-
vate land claims in California adversely to the private
claimant, the time in which such claimant may give notice
of his intention to prosecute the appeal, according to the
provisions of the twelfth section oi the act to which tllis
is an amendment, be, and the same is hereby, extended for
the space of one year from the passage of this act; and
any casea in which the appeals may have been dismissed,
in either of the district courts of California, under the pro-
visions of said act, be, and are hereby, restored tor the pur-
pose above mentioned.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole was concurred in.
Mr. GWIN. I will ask my colleague whether
■this bill restores to the docket of the district
court anv claim* that have been rejected by that
court, after ftaving been rejected by the board of
commissioners ? •
Mr. WELLER. It does not extend to. those
cases, but only to eases where parties did tiet
present their claims to the board of commission*
ers in time, because of'ignorance or other ctase.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed fora'third
reading, read the thirti time, and passed.
EXECUTIVE BUSINESS.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senate will remember
the intention was to iave an executive session
yesterday. I think there is some executive busi-
ness necessary to be transacted; and I .move -that
the Senate proceed to its consideration.
The motion was withdrawn, at the request of
several .Senators, to allow the usual morning busi-
ness to be received.
PREVENTION OF COUNTERFEITING.
Mr. HUNTIJR, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of -Dr.
J. T. Barclay, reported a joint resolution (No.
53) to prevent the counterfeiting of the coins of
t'he-United States; which was read a first time,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope it will be considered
now.
There being no objection, the joints resolution
was read a second time, and considered -as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the-'Seere-
tary of the Treasury to cause inquiries to be
made, by two competent commissioners, into the
processes and means claimed to have been discov-
ered by J. T. Barclay for preventing the abrasion,
counterfeiting, and deterioration of the coins of
the United States, and to report the results of the
inquiry to Congress at its next session, with his
opinion as to the probable value of the alleged
discoveries; and it appropriates $2,500 for this
purpose.
1 he joint resolution was reported to the Senate ,
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN MISSOURI.
Mr. GEYER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the bill, introduced by my colleague, (S. No. 593,)
to divide the State of Missouri into two judicial
districts, to report the same back withoutamend-
ment, and recommend its passage. X wish to
have it made the special order for Friday next, at
twelve o'clock.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish to interfere with
any bill that savors of a private character, but. I
suggest to the honorable Senator that if we now
allow bills to be made special orders for twelve
o'clock, they take precedence of bills made special
orders for one o'clock; and it is an undue advant-
age.
Mr. GEYER. I will say to the honorable Sen-
ator that I should ask for the passage of this bill
now, but that it has not been printed. I do not
think its consideration will take five minutes.
Mr. STUART. If it is of that character, I shall
not object.
The motion to make the bill the speoial order
for Friday next, at twelve o'clock, was agreed to.
Mr. GEYER subsequently said: This morning,
when I moved to make the bill to divide the State
of Missouri into two judicial districts the special
order for Friday, I did so because I thought its
consideration now would interfere with the morn-
ing business. I understand, however, that it is
the wish of many gentlemen that that bill should
be passed at once. I therefore move to rescind
the order making it the special order for Friday,
and ask that it now be considered.
The order making tltf bill the special order for
Friday next, at twelye' o'clock, was rescinded;
and the Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 593) to divide
the State of Missouri into two judicial districts.
It provides that the counties of Schuyler,
Adair, Knox, Shelby, Monroe, Adreon, Mont-
gomery, Gasconade, Franklin, Reynolds, Shan-
non, and Oregon, as they were bounded on the
1st of January, 1857, with all that part of Mis-
souri east of these counties, shall compose the
eastern district, the court for which is to be held
at St. Louis. All the remaining portion of the
State is to. constitute the western district, the
court for which it is to be held at Jefferson City.
The prestnt judjj* is to he assigned to the w  tern
