THE CON(iRKSSfONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES. WASHINGTON, II.C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 20, 1857.
New. Series....No.
to be formed, and gets on the docketat St. Louis
is such as to ^embarrass the court; because it
may be, and I believe the fact jvill be found to
be so, from the nature of the business done, that
the court will be equally embarrassed with busi-
ness from the section of the State where it now
is, with a very trifling difference, after the form-
ation of the new court. At any rate, if otherwise,
it is in the power of the Senators from Missouri
to show it. The docket will show it,-because it
will show where the causes originated, and what
is the nature of those causes? and how far those
coming from the western part of the State embar-
rass the business which is done in the court at
St. Louis. I do not like this proceeding on meft
supposition. It is very easy to point out on the
map that the State is a large one, and that in
course of time it must have business enough to
require two judicial districts. I have never been
satisfied with the bill passed establishing two
judicial districts in the State of Illinois, although
there is apparently more reason for that, because
the State of Illinois has a very large amount of
lake trade. So it is with the State of Ohio.
Mr. GREEN. Compare the tonnage of St.
Louis with the tonnage of Chicago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that; but you
come back, after all, to the question of St. Louis,
i admit that there must be a very large amount
of business originating there; but still it does not
follow, as I have said more than once, that it
originates in the section of the State now pro-
posed to be set off as the western district.
California, too, is divided into two judicial dis-
tricts, on account of its great extent. I never saw
any evidence that there was business enough in
the lower district of California to require the
appointment of a new judge, though it may be so.
-rIhc Senator from California undoubtedly knows
the fact. Bui, at any rate, before we constitute
a new district, and authorize the appointment of
a new set of officers, I think we ought to have
some proof that the western district we propose
•to establish will not be a mere district of form,
with very little to do, while all the business in
the State will continue to center, as it does now,
-in the eastern district. I think, therefore, that
unless that information is offered, (and it is easily
attainable, because an examination of the docket
will afford it,) the Senate ought to hesitate before
it attempts to multiply these,districts.
Mr.'10UCEY. Mr. President, this question
was referred to the Committer on the Judiciary,
and the committee were unanimously of opinion
that this measure'of relief ought to be granted.
Mr.FESSENDEN. Have they made a report?
Mr. TOUCEY. They have made a verbal re-
port favorable to the bill. There is not, in the
opinion of the committee, any doubt that this is
a measure due to the State of Missouri from this
■Government. I had not supposed there could be
-any opposition to a bill of this kind. I think, in
the case of Illinois, Congress gave only a meas-
ure of proper equal justice to that State, in cre-
ating two judicial districts. So of the State of
1 California; so of the other cases where two dis-
tricts are established. I think, upon the facts
-stated h<*re, it is very obvious that the suitors in
Missouri, who are entitled to the aid of this Gov-
ernment under the Constitution and laws of the
United States, cannot have those facilities for
justice to which they are entitled, unless this
bill be passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the remarks of
'the Senator from Connecticut show conclusively
that the Committee on the Judiciary proceeded
without any information at all;' for he has given
us none. All he says is, that, as a measure of
justice to Missouri—th« same thing having been
done for other western States—it ought to have
two districts. What has justice to Missouri, in
relation to, that point,, to do with the question ?
Because two districts have been formed in the
fctate of Ohio, if they are deemed necessary there,
does.it follow that, therefore, in order to render
equal justice, there must be two districts in every
-otate thathasas much territory as Ohio ? Not at all.
47
I appealed to the Committee on the Judiciary
to give me the information on which they acted,
and it seems that all theinformation they had, so
far as I hafe yet been able to get it, is, th*at Mis-
souri is a large State, and that ttiere is more busi-
ness on the docket at St. Louis than can be done
by one court; but that, in my judgment, does not
settle the question, because they do not get at the
point I have suggested. There is no question
about justics to the State. All the State requires
is, that there should be courts enough to do the
business which is necessary to be done.
Then in the next place, when you propose to
for^a the districts, satisfy the Senate that the ar-
rangement you propose to make will effect the
object. On the last point, there seems to be no
information whatever, except'mere supposition
derived from the extent of territory, and the ex-
tent of river navigation in Missouri.
Mr. TOOMBS. This question came before the
Judiciary Committee, and I supposed the gentle-
man havingJ t in charge would give either an oral
or written report satisfactory to the Senate. I
will afete to the honorable Senator from Maine,
who seems on this occasion, as on another, to have
made some allusion to the business of the Judi-
ciary Committee, that the investigation of this
case was sufficiently full to satisfy the committee,
who are generally averse to creating new- courts,
and have had occasion to deny some very strong
solicitations on that subject, that this addition
ought to be granted. One of the members of the
committee was from Missouri, [Mr. Gp.yf.r,] and
he was capable of giving the committee the neces-
sary information from his long connection with
the profession and with these courts.
The admiralty courts at St. Louis have a larger
amount of business, beyond all question, than any
other inland port in the United States, from the
peculiar nature of the trade and the much larger
number of boats stopping there than anywhere
else in the United States. A larger number stop
there than at New Orleans, for this reason: Large
boats bring the up trade to St. Louis; and there it
takes another class of boats to go up to Dubuque,
and up the Missouri, and the St. Croix, and all
the tributaries of the Mississippi. The down
trade comes there from above, discharges cargo,
and takes larger boats. This results from very
sound principles of political economy, which I
will go into, if ncccssary. Small boats run on
the St. Croix, and on the upper Mississippi to St.
Paul. St. Louis is the stopping place for a large
number of boats from the upper tributaries of the
Mississippi. The trade of the upper Mississippi
and tributaries, and also the trade of the Ohio
river, center at St. Louis on account of the neces-
sity of using a different class of boats for trade
above and below.
It appears from the representation made by the
parties and the Senator from that State on the
committee, [Mr. Geyer,] that there is a neces-
sity for tlie admiralty courts there to be, as Vir-
gil said the gates of hell were, always open. The
vast amount of business makes it necessary to
have the-admiralty courts at St. Louis perpetu-
ally open.
I will state to the honorable Senator from Maine
that I think it is a question of deep impoitance to
the country. The Supreme Couit have gone on
from time to time, as the old common-law judges
said all good courts did, to enlarge their jurisdic-
tion. They have certainly given us that evidence
of a good court. They have usurped within
their insatiable maw a jurisdiction that will break
them down, I think, and the whole courts of the*
United States,—I allude to the extent they have
given to their admiralty jurisdiction and ques-
tions in reference to corporations. But this im-
mense admiralty business being done, it is requi-
site there should be a court at St. Louis. The
rest of tlie State of Missouri has the same neces-
sity for a court as any other State of-the Union.
It now sits at Jefferson City one term and at St.
Louis another. The vast amount of admiralty
business satisfied me of the propriety of this bill,
but v<yy reluctantly. We must do something
with the judiciary, or it will draw to itself all the
powers of the Government; but as it now stands,
on our present system, a court is more ncccsaary-
at St. Louis than at any otherpoint'I know of in
the United States.
The bill Was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and ]
LIEUTENANT COLONEL COOKE'S REPORT.
Mr. B1GLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to: ** ♦
Resolved, That the Secretary Of War be requested to
communicate to the Senate a copy, of Lieutenant Colonel
Cooke's report of the part taken by his command in' the
action at Blue Water, Nebraska Territory, with the Indians,
September 3,1855.
REVOLUTIONARY WIDOWS' PENSIONS.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu--
tion; which was considered by unanimous conf
sent, and agreed to: ' ' V '
Rewind, That the Secretary of the Interior be requested
to communicate to the Senate the number of widows now
drawing pensions under the second section- of the act ap-
proved February 3,1853, and also what amount of money
will be required to pay said pensions from the 4tli of Maxell, ^
1848, up to the time of the passage of said act of 1853.
ENRQLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Cleric, announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled bill to increase
the pay of the officers of the Army; which there-
upon, received the signature of the President pro ,
tempore.
TEXAS JUDICIAL DISTRICTS.
Mr. RUSK. I ask the Senate to take up the
bill from the House of Representatives (No. 400)
to divide the State of Texas into two judicial dis-
tricts, which has been reported by the Committee
on the Judiciary. I imagine that there will be no
objection to it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to -con-
sider the bill. It provides that all the territory
of the State of Texas embraced in the counties of
Newton, Jasper, Jefferson, Orange, Tyler, Polk,
Liberty, Galveston, Harris, Montgomeiy, Aus-
tin, Fort Bend, Brazoria, Colorado, Wharton,
Matagorda, Lavacca, Jackson, Calhoun, Dewitt,
Victoria, Giliad, Refugio, San Patricio, Nueces,
Cameron, Starr, Webb, and Hidalgo, as they
existed in 1852, shall compose one district, to be
called the eastern district of Texas; arid all the
remaining part of the State shall compose another
district, to be called the western district of Texas.
The present judge of the district of Texas is to
be assigned to the eastern district. A judge, dis-
trict attorney, and marshal, are to be appointed
for the western district.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PRIORITY OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to move to take up
the bill, which I made an effort to get up yester-
day, providing for a retired list in the Army.
Mr. MALLORY. I now renew my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of '
executive business.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I must claim the
floor. I think I am entitled to it. ,
Mr. WELLER. My motion is to postpone
all prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the
bill to which I have alluded.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Florida [Mr. Mallory J some time since
made a motion for an executive session, but he
yielded the floor; and unless restored to him by
common consent, the Senator from California is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not know the
parliamentary usage, but I think the bill which
I introduced -yesterday was the unfinished busi- -
ness, and I had the floor upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro lempoix. The Senator
had the floor on.the bill he introduced.
