738
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It was postponed
■until to-day. "Without finishing my remarks,
the special order that was fixed fo j^yesterday was
called up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will inform the Senator that the bill docs not
come up as unfinished business. The bill was
postponed until to-day by a vote of the Senate.
It has no regular place oji the Calendar, and it
can be taken up only on motion.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. It was the unfin-
ished bill last under consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was not left
as the unfinished business. It was postponed
until to-day by a vote of the Senate.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The point I make
—but I will not insist on it if the Chair is satis-
fied in regard to it—is, that that is the business
now in order, and I had the floor on that bill. I
• submit that no question can take it away without
my permission, unless the Senator from Florida
having moved an executive session preceding my
resuming the floor to-day would give the right to
him; but as he consented to allow me to take the
floor before asking the Senate again to go into
executive session, I presumed I had it. If the
Chair thinks I have not that right, I shall not
insist on it; but I hope the bill proposed by the
Senator from California will not be taken up. I
■understand it involves a question of great import-
ance, and it.must lead to an elaborate discussion,
I presume, before the Senate can be prepared to
take a vote on it. I submit to him, under the cir-
cumstances, whether he ought to urge it. As to
the Senator from Florida, 1 believe he is willing
that I should procccd before he makes his motion
for an executive session.
- Mr. MALLORY. I understand from my friend
Yrom Tennessee that he will occupy the floor
about an hour. I do not wish to interfere with
his remarks, as they were unconcluded when he
last addressed the Senate. I therefore yield to
him. If he declines to take the floor, I shall make
'the motion for an executive session. The bill of
the Senator from California, I know, will con-
sume the entire day. Yesterday was act apart
lor the consideration of executive busings, bat
I did not interfere with the Senator from Califor-
nia then, because I wished to get through with
"the Army pay bill.
Mr. WELLER. I am exceedingly anxious
to have this bill disposed of now, more particu-
larly in consequence of the action of the Senate
resterday, increasing the pay of Army officers,
have satisfactory information that theic are be-
tween one hundred and thirty and one hundred
and fifty officers m the Army of the United States
who are incapacitated for service. You have
} massed n bill increasing their .salaries to a very
arge amount. I am unwilling that that number
of officers shall remain in the Army incapacitated
for duty, at the salaries you have now fixed; I
'desire to guard against that. If the consuleia-
tion of the bill is to occupy a whole day, that is
iaVcason why I should desire to have early action,
in older that it may be sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives. I do not believe myself, when you
crane to examine the provision4? of the bill, that
there can be much debate on the subject.
As I said before, it provides for voluntary re-
tirement. An officer who is satisfied that he is
incapacitated for public service can, on application
to a board, be retired. It guards against any
officer being dismissed from the Army without
first having a fair and in) partial trial before a com t-
r,>artial regularly organized.
Mr. CELL, of TS-emjcasee. That question it-
fii'li would involve-a discussion that would prob-
ahfV consume the remainder of the session, if we
chose to examine it carefully, relating to the power
of the Executive to do what the Executive has
been in the habit of doing when a case presented
"itself where the President thought it expedient to
exorcise the power of dismissal, which has been
exercised from the beginning of the Government.
Now, sir, I submit whether it is expedient, under
present circumstances, to take up such a bill as
that at this period of the session. It is a great
question—a constitutional question, and one of
expediency.
• * In regard to the other branches of the bill, it is
an officers' retiring bill. From what we have
' seen of similar cases heretofore, and the experi-
ence in regard to it, I take it for granted that no
such bill can pass the Senate (even excluding ||
from consideration the other delicate and im- ,j
portant question) without considerable discus-is
sion. I hope the Senator from California, under (i
these circumstances, avill not press that bill, jj
There are many important measures pending to jj
be considered by the House of Representatives, jj
besides those that have come from the House of |'
Representatives; and there are some important;
ones from that House. The great object of this \
bill is,"that one hundred and fifty officers whom |
the Senator fiom California considers incompe- j
tent, ftom age or imbecility or disease, to perform I
the duties of their office, shall bu letired. I do ,
not consider that the services of the officers of our j
Army are so exigent at the present moment, that j
we cannot wait another year with these one hun- ,
dred and fifty officers on our hands, as we have ,
been able to get along with them for so many •
years past. Iknow there is considerable import- (
ance in the proposition to do something in refer- j
ence to those officers; but what I ask now is, is .
it expedient, when theie aic so many other
measures requiring attention, to take up such a
bill as that for our consideration, with yet the
naval question unsettled to some extent, partic-
ularly on the nominations which the honorable
Senator from Florida, I know, is anxious to have
considered, in order to see what is to be the fate
of that question ?
I need not allude to other questions which arc
only half considered, and must yet have some con-
sideration before they are finally acted upon. We
may now every day, I suppose, expect bills from ;
the Houseof Representatives which in themselves j
; require great consideration. The Senator from J
i Virginia [Mr. Hunter] is not in his seat now, i
but I warn you that the moment an appropriation
! bill comes from the other House, he will be impet-
j uous in his attempts to take up the appropriation
| bills, and set aside every other measure until they
S are. passed.
j I do not wish to occupy time, but I submit
i whether it is not reasonable that 1 should now be
j allowed to conclude the remarks which I com-
| menood yesterday 3 I think I have a right to go
j on, urcording to the usual practice and parlia-
mentary course of the Senate—1 will not say
anything about courtesy.
Mr. WELLER. If the Senator from Ten-
nessee desires to go on with his remarks on the
bill which he introduced yesterday, certainly I
could interpose no motion that would interfere
with hun.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I thought not.
Mr. WELLER. I was not aware of that fact.
I of course withdraw my proposition if the Sen-
ator from Tennessee desires to go on with his
remarks.
Mr. BUTLER. I do not wish to interfere
with this matter; but T give notice that I propose
taking up to-morrow morning the bill regulating
the pay of General Scott.
DISPOSITION OF THE PUBLIC LANDS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Tennessee moves to take up the bill intro-
duced by him (S. No. 601) to secure to all the
Slates some greater measure of justice and e'qual-
ity in the distribution of the public lands and
their proceeds.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the hill.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Mr. President, in
the course of my remarks yesterday I made a
statement in reference to the estimated quantity
of land appropriated for the construction of rail-
roads in the Territory of Minnesota by the bill
that passed the Senate the other day, which 1 am
told is not accurate, and which may prejudice the
bill in the House of Representatives; and I wish
i now to state that I do not pretend to have exam-
ined the question myself, and cannot undertake
to say that the estimate I gave yesterday was
correct. I made the statement upon the informa-
tion given me by others. I sought information
since yesterday from those who ought to be able
to furnish the most reliable estimate of the quan-
tity of land granted by that bill, but there has
not been time to make investigations. I am still
of opinion, however, that, although the statement
I made yesterday may have exceeded the true
amount, it did not exceed it more than-on^or two
millions of acres. I supposed that bill at the
time it passed this House granted at least three
millions of acres; and I voted for it, with that
understanding on my part.
Mr. STUART. I will not interrupt the Sen-
ator except with his full consent; but I wish at
this point to state what is the estimate in respect
to that bill, and where that estimate came from.
I have an estimate prepared by the Committee
on Public Lands of the House of Representa-
tives, which I briefly stated to the Senate when
the bill was under consideration here. After that
I met in the lobby the member of that committee
of the House who made the estimate, and I asked
him as to its correctness. He said it had been
made with great care after an examination at the
Land Office of the maps, ascertaining the amount
of land that was disposed of, and as nearly as
possible the amount of land that was claimed by
preemption. He thought the estimate had been
made with great accuracy. According to that
estimate, the amount covered by that bill is, as I
stated before, one million five hundred and twenty-
eight thousand three hundred and twenty acres.
1 have such confidence in the statement which
was made to me by the honorable member of that
committee, as to believe that that estimate has
been made with as much accuracy as it is pos-
sible to make one.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I supposed that the
lands lying in the Indian country through which
these roads were projected, in part, were not taken
into the estimate,and that too large a proportion
of the length of these several railways was thrown
aside as not likely to furnish any lands which
could be located under the provisions of that bill;
and, therefore, I supposed the information I had
received, that the amount would be five millions
of acres, was probably well founded; but for the
present i cannot gainsay the statement of the
honorable Senator from Michigan. I will only
remark, that when we appropriated about three
millions of acres to the Illinois Central railroad
wc had a similar estimate brought forward by the
principal advocate of that measure. It was that
it would notexceed one million five hundred thou-
sand acres; and yet, when the lands came to be
located, they amounted to three millions of acres.
I alluded to the amountgranted to Minnesota, not
so much in the spirit of complaint as to what I
supposed to be the extravagance of the amount,
as to show with what carelessness, not to say
recklessness, Congress was in the habit of making
these grants to the new States to aid in the con-
struction of railroads, and that it was full time
that we should look more carefully into the whole
subject.
The measure which I propose does not militate
against the policy of granting lands for railroads
in the new States. I have favored that policy
heretofore, for reasons connected with the public
interest, and I do not propose to interfere with it
in bringing forward this bill. I know that the
time is unpropitious to the success of such a
measure, and I do not feel confident that the time
will ever be in this country. It is impossible to
bring the attention of Congress, or of the coun-
try-, to any salutary extent, I fear, to the course
of policy which should be adopted by this Gov-
ernment in regard to the public lands and the
germane branches of the public service. I am
aware that 1 may be regarded as spending the
time of the Senate very uselessly by invoking
members to consider the subject; but few seem
to think that anything of importance ctfn be sug-
gested on this question; and the reason is, that their
attention and that of the country is preoccupied
by questions of one kind or another of greater
interest, in their judgment. There is no personal
interest connected with this measure. It touches
a great subject of public policy, it is true, but one
which maybe regarded as having been put to
| sleep for the present; but nevertheless this shall
' not prevent me from making such suggestions in
relation to it as I think should attract the atten-
tion of the country. In the remarks which I
propose to make at this timel desire chiefly to
remove anyjust ground of prejudice which might
exist, without some explanation, against the pro-
visions of the bill I have submitted to the Senate.
I repeat that this bill does not interfere with,
or militate against, the liberal policy heretofore
pursued by Congress, in making donations or
grants of public lands for the construction of rail-
