mi.
THE CGNGRSBSIOMA'L GLOBE.
741
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported back Senate
bill (No. 493) to expedite telegraphic, communica-
tion for the uses of the Government in.jts foreign
intercourse, with the recommendation that it do
pass, with sundry amendments, and called for the
previous question.
- Mr. H. MARSHALL. I as^ the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw the call for the previous
question to let me offer the following amend-
ment:
Provided, That the contract hereby authorized shall not
be binding on the United States, until the same shall have
been submitted to and approved by the Senate of the United
States.
My object is, Mr. Speaker, to put this matter
upon the ground of an international treaty at the
start.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If I withdraw
the call for the previous question and allow the
gentleman from fcentucky to introduce his amend-
ment, I must withdraw the call necessarily for
the introduction of other amendments, which
would launch the House into a controversy over
this bill. In view of that fact, and the condition
ofthe public business, I do not feel myself author-
ized to withdraw my demand for the previous
-SBuestion.
. Mr. McMULLIN. Then I hope the call for
the previous question will-not be seconded.
The amendments of the Committee of Ways
and Means were read, as follows:
That the House of Representatives agree to the bill with
the following amendments:
Page 2, after the word " for," ill the thirty-fourth line,
strike out the words, " a period of fifty years," and insert
the words, "all time."
Page 2, after the word "thereof," in the thirty-seventh
line, strike out the words " in the," and insert" recognizing
equality of rights among the citizens of the United States
in the use of said submarine communication, and the lines
of telegraph which may at any time connect with the same
at its terminus upon the coast of New Foundland, and in
the United States in any."
Page % after the word " ajents," m the forty-seventh line,
insert" Jlnd provided further, That it shall be in the power
of Congress, after ten years, to terminate said contract upon
giving one year's notice to the parties to sueli contract."
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I call for tellers upon
the second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dean, and
Miller of Indiana, were appointed.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would like to have a call
ofthe House before that vote is taken, if it be in
order.
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then I move that there
be a call of the House. A great many members
are absent.
Mr. LETCHER. I demand the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 46, nays 121; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Akeis, Hendley S. Bennett, Bowie,
Burnett, John P. Campbell, Cathie, Caruthcrs, Williamson
H. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Davidson, Jacoh C. Davis, Day,
Garnett, Thomas L. Harris, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, Lake, Leiter, Letchcr, Lumpkin, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMullm, McQ.uccn, Smith Miller, Mor-
decai Oliver, Pame, Peck, Quitman, Iluffin, Rust, Scott,
Kneed, Stewart, Sw.ope, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Walk-
ei, VV atkms, Win slow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright,
and Zollicoffer—46.
NAYS — Messrs. Albright, Allison, Bail, Baibour. Barks-
dale, Henry Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Bocock, Bradshaw, Branch, Brenton, Bioom, Buffinton,
James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie, Chaffee,
jEara Clark, dawson, Cimgman, Colfax, Cragm, Crawford,
Cumback, Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson,
Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Edie, Edmund^on, Edward®, Elhotf,
Emrie, English, Etheridge, Faulkner, Flagler, Foster, Hemy
M. Fuller, Thomas J. i). Fuller, Goode, Granger, Green-
wood, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris,
Harrison, Ilaven, Hodges, Holloway, Thomas It. Hoiton,
Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hnghston, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Kunkel, Mate, Alexander K. Marshal!,
Samuel S. Maisball, Matteson, Kilhan Miller, Millson,
Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Nichols, Parker, Pearce,
Pelton, Pennington, Perrv, PetUt, Pike, Pringle, Puryeai,
Iteade, Ready, Jlobbins, "Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Se\v \id, Sherman, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith,
Wiiliam R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,
Thoiington, Todd, Undeiwood, Vail, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elliim
B. Waphbumc, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wells, Whit-
ney, Williams, Wood, and Woodruff—121.
So a call of the House was refused.
Pending the call,
Mr. THORINGTON stated that Mr. Hall,
of Iowa, was kept from the House by indisposi-
tion.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed withoutamend-
ment a bill (H^ R. No. 782) to increase the pay
of the officers of the Army.
Also,4hat the Senate has 'passed bills of the
following titles; in which he has been directed to
ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 474) more effectually to provide
for the punishment of ^certain crimes against the
United States, and>for other purposes.
An act (S. No. 110) to confirm to the several
States the swamp and overflowed lands selected
under the act of September 28, 1850, and the act
of the 2d of March, 1849; and
An act (S. No. 528) to amend an act entitled
" An act to provide for the better organization of
the Treasury, and for the collection, safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement ofthe publicrevenue. '
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 782) to increase the pay of the officers of
the Army; when the Speaker signed the same.
SUBMARINE TELEGRAPH AGAIN.
The question recurring upon seconding the de-
mand for the previous question, upon which tell-
ers had been ordered, the House divided; and the
tellers reported—ayes 82, noes G8.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I call for the reading of
the bill in connection with the proposed amend-
ments.
The bill, as it would be if the amendments of
the committee were adopted, was then read, as
follows:
A bill to expedite Telegraphic communication for the uses
of the Government in its foreign intercourse.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rejrrcscntatives
ofthe United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of State, in the discretion and under the di-
rection ofthe President ofthe United States, may contract
with any competent person, persons, or association, for the
aid of the United States in laying down a submarine cable,
to connect existing telegraphs between the coast of New-
foundland and the coast ot Ireland, and for the use of such*
submarine communication, when established, by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, on such terms and conditions
as shall seem to the Presidentjust and reasonable, not ex-
ceeding $70,000 per annum, until the net piofus of such
person, or persons, or association, shall be equal to a divi-
dend of six per cent, per annum, and then not exceeding
$50,000 per annum for twenty-five year*: Provided, That
the Government of Great Britain shall, before or at the
same time, enter into a like contract for those purposes
with the same person, persons, oi a>*ociation, and upon
terms of exact equality with those &tipulated by the United
States : Jlnd pro bided, That the tariiTof prices for the use
of such submarine communication by the public shall be
fixed by the Secretary of the Treasury of the United States
and the Government of Gieat Britain, or its authorized
agents: Provided further, That the United States and the
citizens thereof, shall enjoy the use of the submarine tele-
graphic communication for all time, on Hie sameteim*? and
conditions which shall be stipulated m favorot the Govern-
ment of Great Britain, and the subject-; thereof, recognizing
equality of lights among the ctu/,en& ofthe United States m
the use of said submarine communication, and the lines ot
telegtaph which may at any time connect with the same at
its terminus on the coast of Newfoundland and the United
States in any contract &oto be entered intobyeueh person,
persons, or association, with that Government: Provided
further, That the contract so to be made by the British
Government shall not be different from that already pro-
posed by thai Government to the New Vork, Newfoundland,
and London Telegraph Company, except such provisions
as may be necessary to secure to each Government the
trdiiMinsMon of its own messages by its own agents: And
provided further, That it shall be in the power of Congress,
after ten years, to terminate said contract upon giving one
year's notice to the parties to such contract.
The amendments reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means were agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move that the
bill as amended be laid upon the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays.
Mr. jones, of Tennessee, called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
and Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 82, nays 104; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers.Ball, Barksdale, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Boceck, Bowie, Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell,
Carlile, Caskie, Clingman, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox,
Craige, Crawford, Culien, Cumback, Davidson, Jacoi) C.
Davis, Day, Dfenver, Dowdcll, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott,
Emrie, Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Poster, Gannett,
Goode, Greenwood, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris, Harrisppj
Hoffman, Holloway, Houston, Jewett, GeorgG -W. Jones,
Kidwell, Lake, Leiter, Letcber, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, McMuiiin, Mc-
Queen, Smith Miller, Millson, Nichols,-Mordecai <$i?er,
Paine, Peck, Powell, Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Ready,
Ruffin, Rust, Scott, Shorter, 'William R. Smith, Sneed,
Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Underwood,
Vail, Waldron, Walker, Watkihs, Winslow, Daniel-B;
Wright, and John V. Wright—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Albnght, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Qradshaw, Brenton,
Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame, James II. Campbell, Lewis
D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, Claw-
son, Colfax, Covode, Cragm, Timothy Davis, Dean, De
Witt, Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Edwards, Fiag-
Icr, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. I). Fuller, Galloway,
Granger, Giow, Robert B. Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Her-
bert, Ii<*dges, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Hughston,
Kplly, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Kunkel, Mace,'
Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson, McCarty, Killian Miller,
Millward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Merrison,Murray, Nor-
ton, Andrew Oliver, Parker. Pearce, Pelton^Pennington,
Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Robbins, Roberts,
Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Sherman, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,
Thorington, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Cadwaiader C. Washburne, EHihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams,
Wood, Woodruff, Woodvvoith,and Zolhcofpr—104..
So the House refused to lay the bill on ;the
table. . v'
The bill was then ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called the previous
question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays
upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 101, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Benson,
Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bradshavv, Brenton, Broom, Buf-
finton, Burhngame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson, Col-
fax. Covode, Cragin, Timothy Da!vis, Dean. Dc Witt, £>ick,
Dickson, Dodd, tfdie, Edwards, Flagler, Henry M. Fullerj
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Granger, Grpw, Robert B.
Hall, J. Morrison. Harris, Herbert,.Hodges, Valentine B.
Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelly, King, Knapp, Knight;
Knowlton, Kunkel, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Matteson,
McCarty, Killian Miller, Mill ward, Moore, Morgan, Morrill,
Morrison, Murray, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pearce,
Pelton, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Purviance, Robbins,
Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Seward, Sherman,
Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,
Tappan, Thorington, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman,
Walbridge, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, VVtptney,
Williams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodwoith, and Zoli*coffer— ,
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Ball, Barksdale, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Bowie, Branch, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carlile,
Caruthers, Caskie, Clingman, Williamson R. W.*Cobb, Cox,
Craige. Crawford, Culien, Cumback, Davidson, Jacob C.
Davis, Day, Dowdcll, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, Etnrie,
Etheridge, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Gamett, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Harlan, Thomas L. Harris,
Harrison, Hoffman, Holloway, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, Kidwell, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lindley, Lumpkin,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, M<>
Mullm, McQucen, Smith Miller, Millson, Nichols, Moidncai
Oliver, Paine, Powell, Puiyear, Quitman, Reade, Ready,
Rufhn, Sandidge, Scott, Shorter, Wiiliam R. Smith, Snecd,
Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Todd, Underwood,
Vail, Waldton, Walker, Watkms, Winslow, Daniel B.
Wright, and John V. Wright—82.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
vote by which the bill was passed be reconsid-
ered; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the purpose of taking up
the special order.
Mr. SNEED. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to take up- the motion heretofore entered
to reconsider the vote by which House bill No.
7Q8 was referred to the Committee ofthe Whole
on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. It cannot he considered
pending the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr SNEED. I should like to know whftt
benefit there is in a privileged question if it does
not supersede other business ? _
The SPEAKER. It is a privileged question
so far as the reception of the motion is concerned.
It may be received at any time, but it can only be
