742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
considered when there is no other business before |
the House.
The question j vas taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was agreed to.
THE TARIFF.
• The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. H. Marshall in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of the bill (£1. R. No. 566) re-
ducing the duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses.
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the amendment to the bill offered by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,] and the
amendment to that amendment offered by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell.]
Mr. CAMPfiELL, of Ohio, i withdraw my
amendment to the amendment, and propose an-
other in lieu of it. 1 will not now call for the read-
ing of it. I will simply say that it increases the
articles on-the free list, and is the same which 1 pre-
sented last Saturday, and which has been printed.
In fact, it is the original bill reported by the ma-
jority of the Committee of Ways and Means at
the last session, it adds various articles to the free
list, and takes from the original free list reported
by the Committee of Ways and Mums, the articles
of lead and hemp, with a proviso that all hemp
of the value of and under fifteen centa, and over
fifty cents a pound, at the port of importation, be
admitted free of duty. The intermediate grades
between fifteen and fifty cents a pound are to
remain at the present duty of thirty per cost. [
■will say, in reference to sugar, that that article is
also left where it is under the act of 1846. This
amendment proposes nothing hut tlif1 extension
of the free list, by which the revenue will be re-
duced $6,000,000 directly, and probably from four
to six millions indirectly, by the privileges atVord-
ed to the manufacturers of the country. As I said
yesterday, I expect to avail myself of the priv-
ilege, when the committee report to the House,
of addressing the House generally on the subject
of the tariff.
Mr. LlSTCHEn. 1 desire to offer an amend-
ment in the way of a substitute for the bill
presented by the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The CHAIRMAN. It id not now in order.
The amendment of the gentleman from Ohio is
an amendment to the pending amendment offered
by the gentleman fiom South Carolina.
Mr. 'HOUSTON. Will the Cluur have the
amendments reud as now presented and at issue?
Mr, McMULLIN. is it in <>rd er now to op-
pose the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. LKTOHKR. Will the Chair state how
the question stands?
The CHAUIMAN. The amendment which
the Clerk will read ik the amendment offered by
the gentleman from {Smith Carolina, and to that
the gentleman from Ohio has offered an amend-
ment. As a maKer of course any amendment to
that of the gentleman from Ohio would be an
amendment in the third degree, and not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. What has become of the
origmal proposition of the gentleman from Ohio?
The CHAIRMAN, He has withdrawn it.
Mr. LETCHER. Could he withdiuw the ori-
ginal proposition, on winch the amendment of the
gentleman from South Carolina hangs ?
The CHAIRMAN. A s a matter ot course, the
original mil is pending. The Chair supposed that
the gentleman from Virginia u-ferred to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio. The original
bill js pending; and the gentleman from iSouth
Carolina olfo-ed mi amendment to it.
Mr. LET* TIER. To which the gentleman
fiom Oiiio Oixeied an amendment, both of which
amendments are now pending.
The CHAIRMAN No; rhe amendment to
the amendment offered by the geatletnnn from
Ohio he has withdrawn tins morning, and offered
another in hVu of it.
Mr. FLORENCE. That is the proposition
which the gentleman from Ohio .submitted the day
before yesterday.
Mr. STANTON. Will It be in order to have
the substitute of the Committee of Ways and
Means lead by sections, for the purpose of per-
fecting it in detail?
The CHAIRMAN. It will bo, of course, in
order for any gentleman to offer an amendment
to the original bill offered by the committee.
Mr. STANTON. Will it be in order to move
an amendment to the amendment of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means now pending?
The CHAIRMAN. No, sir.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand thatvthe first
business of the committee now will be, if they
desire to do so, to perfcct the original proposition
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means.
There is a substitute pending, which is to take
the place of the original bill. Then it is the
province of the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union to perfect the substitute in the
same manner; and then the vote comes up be-
tween the substitute as perfected and the original
bill as perfected.
Mr. STANTON. If I understand the way in
which the question stands, it is this: It is not in
order at present to move to amend anything in
detail of either of the propositions. Neither
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
South Carolina, nor the amendment to that
amendment offered by the Committee of Ways
and Means, aie now amendable. Amendments
m detail must now be confined to the original
bill; and the committee is compelled to vote on
the proposition of the Committee of Ways and
Means as an amendment to that of the gentleman
from South Carolina as it stands.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
understanding of the Chair as to the mode in
which this hill must progress. There is the ori-
ginal bill; to the original bill is offered the amend-
ment of the gentleman from South Carolina; and
to that amendment is offered the amendment of
i the gentleman from Ohio. The proposition of
the gentleman from South Carolina is to strike
! out all after the enacting words in the original bill,
i and insert his amendment; and the proposition of
; the gentleman from Ohio if? to strike out all after
I the enacting; words of the Amendment, and insert
. his substitute, being in the nature of nil amend-
ment to an amendment. The proposition of the
gentleman from Ohio is not one subject to amend-
ment; but the committee can yo back and amend
the oiigmal bill.
Mr. STANTON. One question more. I wish
to know if it will be m order, after adopting the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, then to
amend it? Can the committee amend anything
that has been voted in ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Cluur understands
not.
Mr. STANTON. Then, as I understand it,
the last amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means is not subject to amendment at any
time or in any form m detail.
The CHAIRMAN. That is the understand-
ing of the Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand this to be the
issue which is now presented to the committee:
The Committee ot* Waya and Means, through its
majority, repoited a bill. The gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] proposed a substi-
tute for that bill. The Committee of Ways and
Means, through its majority, proposed a substi-
tute for that amendment of the gentleman from
South Carolina. The Committee of Ways and
Means propose a substitute for the substitute.
Tin- issue as presented to us, us I understand it,
is this: whether we shall strike out the substi-
tute proposed by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, and insert that proposed bv the majority of
the Committee of Wtiys and Means? Then, if
that be true, and I presume it is, we must first
perfect the substitute proposed by the gentleman
from South Carolina; after thnt we perfect the
substitute proposed by the committee. Then we
vote one against the other; and whether it goes
in tile afihrnative or in the negative, then we per-
fect the original bill, and vote one against the
f' Mr* WASIJSURN, of Maine. I should like
to ask a question of the Chair. Is not the first
question whether the amendment reported by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
as a substitute for the amendment of the gentle-
man from South Carolina, shall be adopted ? If
that is adopted, then the substitute is perfected,
and there can be no amendment or substitute
offered or adopted aftei wards. You take the sub-
stitute of the Committee of Ways and Means for
the substitute or the amendment of the gentleman
from South Carolina. When you have reached
that point, I would inquire whether it is not in
order to go back to the original bill reported from
the Committee of Ways and Means and to amend
and perfect it, and when it has been perfected
the question will be between it and the substi-
tute of the gentleman from South Carolina, as
amended ?
Mr. CLINGMAN. I object to this irregular
debate. The Chair has stated the question, and I
wish to vote.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has indulged
this irregular debate because there seemed to be
no objection to it. It is not in order; and the
Chair is of the opinion that questions of order had
better be decided as they arise. The pending
amendments will be reported to the House.
The Clerk read Mr. Boyce's amendment, aa
follows:
That from and after the 1st day of January. 18v>7, all goods,
wares, merchandise, and other products, subject under the
existing tariff to pay duties of over twenty per cent., be
admitted into the United States upon paying a duty of
twenty per cent, and that coftec and tea be subject to the
same late of twenty per cent, duty.
The Clerk then read the following amendment
of Mr. Campbell, of Ohio, to the amendment:
Ptuke out ail after the enacting clause, and insert as
follows
That on and after the 1st day of July, 1857, the goods,
waie-vj and merchandise mentioned m Schedule I, made
pint heicof, nhail be exempt fiom duty, and entitled to fiee
entry:
Stbcdule I.
Acid*—acetic, botacic, citue, muriatic, nitric, and sul-
phunc ; all books, map1-, chart-, mathf lmitieal, nautical in-
t-uuments, philosophical appaiatus, and ail other aiueles
whatevt r. unpoited lor tne use ot the United States; al!
philosophical apparatus, nistcuments, hook-, map-, and
charts ; statue.-, *tntuai>, busts and cast-> of mar bio, bronze,
alaba.-rei, or pln-fer oi Pai i <; p:imnns/s and drawings, etch-
ing* ; specimen.* of sculpture ; cabinets of coins, medals,
item.-, and all collections ot antiquities Prowled, rIiie
same be -penally imported in good taith tor the UfO of any
society incorporated or established for philo-opincal oi lit-
eral y pmpo-ies, or for the encouragement ot the fine aits,
or tor the n-e or by the older ot any college, academy,
school, or seininaiv of learning in the Umted States; al-
conioc|ue ; aloe*; ainbei ; ambergris; Angoia, or Thibet,
and oilier goats' han or mohair; animal eaibon, (bone
buu k ;) animals, living; anno ,-eed ; annatto, ioucou, Or-
lean- ; antimony, crude, oi ie ulu- of; at got. or caul'1 tar
far: an >w nx.r; ar-enrc; a-nkefui t; :i-plialfum ; bauila;
baik-; bell-, old, and Ik-]) metal ; bemr-.. nut-. and vegc-
table?, u*ed in dynnjf; heni'*-, flovveis, and b;nks; bis-
muth ; bitter applet; bolting: cloths ; bone*, burnt, and bone
du-t; books, maps, find eh.u is imported b> anl'iomy of the
Joint Libiaiv Committee o  Congress, toi the use of the
Library of Counter: Provided, That Hi m m<y case, a
contract shall have been made with any bookseller, im-
porter, oi other pcr-on, 101 l>ook«, nmp , oi chaa.-. in which
contract the book-cHei, imponei, ot other pei-on aloicnaul
^hali have paid the duty, oi included the duty m said con-
tract, in such ease the duty shall not he remitted ; borax,
emde ; borate of lime: boueho !c,ivo; ; brasj, m b.us and
purs; bia-s, when old. and tit only to b" lemanufactuied;
Uia/nl wood, Inazilletto. and ail other dye-wood- in sticks ;
bru _u, in block* oi >iab-; bnm-tone, crude; bit-lies;
h:otize liquet!; bion/.e powder; Ku'gundy pitch: building
stone.-; bullion, gold and silvei : bun stones, unmanutac-
tuied; burr stone>, wrought or unwiojgbt; c<ibmet  of
com*, medal-', and other collection!2: of antiquities ; cad-
mium; calamine; cameos, mosaic: and precious stones,
(not camphor, crude ; canthandes ; cassia buds; cas-
fojuni; chalk, champagne botth s ; clay; cochineal; co-
coa and cocoa shells; eodilla. or tow of hemp oi tiax ;
cotlee and tea, when imoorted dnoef fiom the place of
then growth or production in American ves-eK oi m forejim
vc!--< Is entitled byieeipiocal treaties-to bo exempt rtom
discinmnating duties, tonnnee, and other charges ; coffee,
the giowih or pioduetron of the po--es?ions of the Nether-
lands, imported tiorn tin: iVrthciiands in the same manner ;
coins gold, silver, and copper; copper oio; copper, when
unpoited ror the United ^tate.s Mini; copper, in pigs or
bais, or when old and til only to be remanu'aetuied; cork-
tree bark; cotton; cream of tartar; cub'-bs; cudbear,
(vegetable ;) cutch : dragon's blood ; emeiy, in jumpor pul-
venzed ; extiaet of indigo : evtract- and decoctions of log-
wood, and othei d}e-wood-; e\tiact ot madder; lelt, ad-
hesive, foi sbeatimiL' vew-|s ; tiax, unmanufactured ; flint,
giound; flint*; fruit?; fullers* eaith : lurs. dre*sed or un-
dressed, when on tne skin : turf, hattets\ dressed or un-
difssod, not on the fckm ; gamboge: garden .seed's and all
ojher--ecds for agricultural, horticultural, medicinal, and
matiuf'ieiiuing purpose.-, not otherwise piovided for ;g?nget,
gr^'cn. rrpc, dried, preseived. or pickled ; glas-.. wiien old,
and fif oniy to hi; icntanufieuiied ; eoodp, waies. and mer-
ciiamhse, the grow til, pioduce, or manutactme of the Umted
States, exported to a foreign country, and brought back to
the United States m the same condition as when oxpoited,
upon which no drawback or bounty has been allowed :
Provided. That all regulations to ascertain the identify
theieof, prescribed by existing laws, or whieh may be pre-
scribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall b'j complied
with; green untie; grindstones ; guano ; gums—Aiabie,
Barbarv, Copal, East'India, Jeddo, .Senegal, Substitute,
Tragucanth, and all other gums and resins m a crude state ;
guttapercha, unmanu'aeturcd ; han of all kiud^niieleaned
and unmanufactured ; horns, horn tip-!, bone, bone tips, and
teeth,unmanufactured; household effects, old ajidinu^e^of
persons or families from foreign coimtrie.\. if used abioad by
