7M
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 18,
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to the amendment of the gentleman from South
Carolina is one which ought never to have been
offered in that connection, for it is almost identi-
cally the same as the original bill; and I think
that the gentleman from Ohio, instead of attempt-
ing^ifhedid attempt—to prevent a vote between
the various questions before the committee, should
have'contented himself with moving to amend his
own original bill in the mode proposed by his
substitute.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
is mistaken. I had no intention of preventing a
vote.
Mr. MILLSON, Well, it has that effect, and
the only way of guarding against it is to submit
an amendment to the original bill. Now, I do not
intend to go into the explanation of the features
of the amendment, for I did that a day or two
ago. I merely wish to call the attention of the
committee to this fact, that all those who propose
other amendments, my colleague before me, [Mr.
Faulkner;] my colleague on the Committee of
* Ways and Means, [Mr. Letcher,] the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,] all of them may
now have the opportunity of moving their amend-
ments to my amendment, and of bringing before
the committee the various propositions that have
been submitted and printed as amendments from
time to time. Thus the gentleman from Indiana
may move to strike out the words " twenty per
cent." in schedule A, and insert the words " fif-
teen per cent." and so in schedules B., C.,&c.
Then the committee will have an opportunity of
voting between the propositions submitted from
what I will call the free-trade side of the House,
and the propositions submitted from what I may
term tho protective side of the House. After adopt-
ing my amendments., if the committee should do
so, then we can go on and perfect the free list
referred to in my amendment, for I piopose to
strike out nothing from the bill, but leave the com-
mittee the opportunity of amending the bill ofthc
Committee of Ways and Means, providing for
the free hst afterwards as well as before.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I am
opposed to the amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Virginia, because it amounts to a hor-
izontal reduction of existing rates of duty.
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman's amendment proposes to reduce schedule
A fifty per cent., schedule B live per cent., C and
D five per cent., and so on; and " on all goods,
> wares, and merchandise impoited from foreign
countries, and not specially provided for in this
act, a duty of ten per cent, ad valorem" shall be
collected. And this reduction is to be made for
the avowed purpose of redwing the levenue !
Now, the great mistake made by the gentleman
from Virginia is, I apprehend, in supposing that
he can reduce the revenue by thus reducing the
rates of duty on these schedules. Sir, I contend
that this proposition, if carried into effect, will
increase the revenue. It is but one step further in
the direction of the free trade bill of 184G. Did
that measure decrease the income from customs ?
Is it not a part of the history of the country that
it increased the revenue by millions,by breaking
down our own industry, and by filling our ports
with foreign goods? We have had excessive im-
portations under the bill of 3 846; and consequently
an overBowing Treasury. Its principle wao a rich
Government,-and a poor people. And now it is
proposed to go one step fuuher — to reduce the
small measure of protection we have left, and thus
swell the imports, and with $23,000,000 in the
Treasury, increase the balance still further. To
prevent this was one great matter the Committee
of Ways and Means had in view. They had no
intention of increasing the balance in the Treas-
ury; and hence they refused to reduce the lates
on any dutiable article, or anyone requiring pro-
tection. And 1 can tell the gentleman from Vir-
ginia that, if his proposition becomes the law, it
will increase the receipts from customs by mil-
lions.
Mr. MILLSON. I am glad to hear it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. The bill
of 1842 produced less revenue than that of 3846,
and-at the same time protected all the great inter-
ests of the country, and bore equally on all. The
duties under that law were specific; the protec-
tion adequate to the wants of the country; and its
restoration now would give life and hope and
prosperity to the whole land.
The Committee of Ways and Means, in the
amendment reported by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Campbell,] and which has been laid before
the House for their consideration, do not propose
to reduce the duty on any article of American
growth or manufacture which requires protection.
They would rather increase than diminish; but
unfortunately we have not the power—at least in
the present Congress. And for this course their
reasons were two-fold; first, we were in favor of
protection; and next, we were opposed to an in-
crease of revenue. But we have added largely to
the free list, by inserting in it all those articles
required for home consumption, or in the manu-
factures of the country, and which we do not and
cannot produce at home under any reasonable
amount of protection. This free list will directly
reduce the receipts from customs some six mil-
lions, and indirectly some four millions more.
This, in view of the largely increased expenses
of the Government, may be sufficient.
I trust the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Virginia will be voted down. We have had
enough of free trade. Let us becomc more Amer-
icanized and protect our own people, our produc-
tions, fabrics, and industrial pursuits.
Mr. CRAIGE. I propose to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Virginia by insert-
ing m line eleven, where the word " fifty " occurs,
the word " ten;" in line thirteen, where the word
"twenty-five5' occurs, the word "ten;" in line
fifteen, where the word "twenty" occurs, tho
word " ten;" in line seventeen, where the word
" fifteen" occurs, the word "ten;" and in line
three of the second section, strike out the words
" shall be exempt from duty," and insert the
words " shall be collected a duty of ten per cent,
except or gold and silver bullion and gold and
silver coin.*"
Mr. Chairman, my proposition is the same as
that of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Mace,]
with tho exception of inserting ten instead of
fifteen per cent, in other words, it proposes to
levy an ad valorem duty often per cent, upon all
the importations of the country, except cum and
bullion. I think it will laise quite revenue enough
to carry on this Government as it should be car-
ried on. Aceoiding to the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, uur impoitalions amount to
$314,000,000 per annum. Ten per cent, duty on
those importations, therefore, would be upwards
of $31,000,000. But I think that under the low duty
of ten per cent, the importations, instead of being
$314,000,000, would, in all probability, be four
hundred and fifty or five hundred millions. And
I see by the papers of this morning that during
the last week the importations at tho port of New
Vork amounted to upwards of $7,000,000, and at
the pnit of Boston to upwards of $>52,000,000. If
there were no importations at any other ports,
and they continued at those porta at that rate for
fifty-two weeks, they would amount in a year to
more than I have stated they would be under an
ad valorem duty of ten per cent. And if a duty
of ten per cent, will laise revenue enough for the
Government, 1 think it is the duty of this House
and Congress to pass such a proposition. Why?
Because, sir, I conceive that the idea of protect-
ing one branch of industry, and that the smallest
branch in the country, at the expense of all the
other branches of industry, has becomc an obso-
lete one. We had a reduction of duties under
Mr. Clays taritf of 1833. A different idea pre-
vailed in 18452; but in 1846 the country approxi-
mated as near to free trade as it could.
But we have been told by gentlemen upon the
other side of the House that it is the duty of tins
Government to protect American labor. What
proportion of the American population are engaged
in manufacture? Not more than one sixth or ouo
seventh of the whole population. And should the
agricultural portion of our people, should all the
persons engaged in commerce find trade, indeed
should all the other classes of our people be taxed
in order that the manufacturing interest should
be built up ? Are those who engage m manufac-
ture, under the theory of our Government, entitled
to greater benefits than other citizens? 1 think,
on the contrary, that it is the duty of those who
have the administration of the Government in
their hands, to extend equal and exact justice and
protection to all classes of our industrial interests;
and in my judgment no proposition now before
the House is so well calculated to produce that
result as the one I have submitted.
Some gentlemen prefer direct taxation. I am
not an advocate for such a measure at this time.
1 do not desire to see the tax-gatherer going
around among our people. I believe that would
be repugnant to their opinions of what is right
and proper. They have been accustomed to the
present mode of indirect taxation. Though I am
opposed to direct taxation, yet I desire to approx-
imate to it as near as possible. 1 desire that the
Government should raise no more money from
our people than is necessary to carry on the
Government in an economical way.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr, Chairman, I do not
rise at this time for the purpose of entering into
a discussion of the principles involved in this
question. I desire to state that, while I am op-
posed to any discrimination, yet I am constrained,
in carrying out in good faith tho joint resolution
of the Legislature of Louisiana, instructing the
Senators and requesting the Representatives of
that State in Congress in reference to duty on
sugar, to vote against placing sugar on the free
list, and in favor of retaining it in its present po-
sition. So far as I am concerned individually, I
would, as a Representative of the people, if left to
myself, vote for the same reduction on the article
of sugar that 1 would on every other article. I
would to the best of my ability aid those who
desire to place every article of importation upon
the same footing, so far as the amount of duty is
concerned. I think the Legislature are mistaken.
I do not believe that the present duty on sugar
increases the price of that article. I believe that
if the duty be removed I will be benefited; for all
I have is in the sugar interest, and I believe the
exportation duty would increase the price.
l3ut, Mr. Chairman, I should be recreant to
myself, 1 would violate a sacred principle of duty,
if I voted in direct conflict with the opinions of
the people I have the honor to represent. There-
fore, 1 have to surrender my judgment as a Rep-
resentative to the instructions of the Legislature
of Louisiana. 1 have risen merely to make this
statement.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. MACK, i move to amend the amendment
of the gentleman from Virginia by striking out the
word "fifty,"and mseitmg the word "fifteen,"
so that tho clause shall read, " on goods, wares,
and merchandise mentioned in schedule A,a duty
of fifteen per centum ad valorem.9' I regret ex-
ceedingly that I could not get the floor to discuss
the amendment which I offered some time ago,
reducing the duty upon all imported articles to
fifteen per cent, ad valorem, and 1 offer this amend-
ment m order to give me an opportunity to say
what I can in the five minutes allowed me under
the lule.
Mr. Chairman, if there were ever a question
brought before the American people which has
been invested with more humbuggery, mote de-
ception, and more application to the prejudices
ofthc country than any other, it is this question
of the tariff. Why, sir, it has been discussed in
such away that a large majority of the American
people do not believe that they are taxed at all;
that taxation is some indefinable thing which does
not cost them anything; and they are satisfied
with any proposition which is offered if the ciy
is raised that by such proposition the industry
of the American people is protected. Now, why
this discrimination? My proposition overthrows
everything like discrimination. It leaves the hon-
cstduty of fifteen per cent, upon everything which
is imported into the United States, no matter
what it may be; and if the importation be as much
next season as it has been the past season,it will
gi\e the Government a revenue of over fifty mil-
lion dollars.
Now, 1 ask genilcmen, in order to test the just-
ness of my proposition, if you should undertake
to levy a tariff m your own State, could you dis-
criminate between pork, wool, and rice, or any-
thing of the kind? Would any Representative
rise and advocate a measure of that kind, discrim-
inating against one class of producers in the State,
and puttfng money in the pockets of one class by
taking it out of the pockets of the others? It
would rcceive no supporters, and the people would
universally detest it. This idea of depleting the
