1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®2J
Treasury by congressional legislation is a most
fallacious one. When one thing will not pay,
•why, as a matter of course, its production will
be abandoned. The supply and demand will reg-
ulate the matter. If a man applies to me to buy
coffee, broadcloths, or anything else," he should
pay the same duty upon it that any other per-
son pays upon any other article of importation.
Take for instance the article of iron. We do not
produce iron in the State of Indiana to any ex-
tent, yet we are compelled to pay to Pennsylva-
nia a duty of thirty or forty per cent. But the
Pennsylvanian says we must protect himwith
that rate of duty, or his iron interests will go crown.
I say let them go down; and they ought to go down
if they cannot live without this kind of protec-
tion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not approve the prin-
ciple of the 'amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana, [Mr.Mace;] and a moment's reflection
will satisfy that gentleman, it seems to me, as it
will every one who will examine the subject, that
a horizontal tariff is impracticable, and would
result in injury to the best interests of the coun-
try.
A Member. Do you mean ad valorem?
Mr. HOUSTON. All duties upon imports
under our laws are now ad valorem; and there is
no proposition to change that principle. Does it
not occur to your mind, Mr. Chairman, that the
revenue point of some articles is higher than it
is in others ? Is it not an acknowledged fact that
a duty of thirty per cent, upon sugar, iron, and
various other articles of consumption, will yield
a large revenue, whereas a duty of twenty per
cent, upon cotton bagging, of thirty per cent,
upon hemp, and twenty-fiye percent, upon cord-
age, cutlery, and many other tilings, would be
prohibitory — the importation of these articles
being so restrained by the duty, that they would
yield but little, if any, revenue? Why is it?
Here we find that a duty of thirty per cent, upon
gome articles give us, a large revenue, while we
find that a duty of twenty or ten per cent, upon
other articles gives us comparatively no revenue.
Then why does the gentleman propose to take
all the articles to which I have referred, and put
them all under the satr.e rate of duty ? Has it not
occurred to him that that duty upon some articles
which would yield a revenue, would be prohibit-
ory upon others? You cannot justly carry out a
horizontal scale of duty.
. The remark of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia this morning, and the report of the majority
of the Committee of Ways and Means, both pro-
ceed upon the assumption that, whenever you
discriminate you do so for protection. They tell
us that the tariff of 184G was eminently protective;
that the amendment proposed by the minority of
the Committee of Ways and Means is protective;
and they give as the only reason for that asser-
tion, that they discriminate in their duties upon
imports, putting some at one rate, and some at
another. The fallacy of that reasoning is to be
found in the fact that some articles of import will
bear, for strictly revenue purposes, higher duties
than others; and the truth of my proposition is
fully established in the operation of the act of 1846.
Discrimination may as well be for revenue as it
may be for protection; so that the mere fact that
a'discrimination between imports is found m a
tariff bill, is no argument that the discrimination
was made for protection; it may have been made
for revenue.
The bill of the minority, as well as the law of
1846, has many schedules, paying different rates
of duty. That is not objectionable to me, unless
I believe the discrimination was made for protec-
tion; and if so made, I would condemn the act.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Camp-
bell] said that the law of 1842 was more pro-
tective in its provisions than the law of 1846;
that is very true; and that the law of 1846 yields
a much laiger revenue than did the law of 1842;
that is also very true; and the reason is appa-
rent to one who has examined the subject, for as
you advance the scale of duties above the point
of revenue, you diminish revenue; as you increase
the amountof tax above its revenue standard, you
thereby, to some extent, (depending upon the
point to which you carry the duty,) exclude im-
portations, and, as a natural consequence, you
diminish the revenue.
• But the gentleman argues, from the fact that the
law of 1846 yields more revenue than did the law
of 1842, that therefore the reduction in the rate
of duty from those in the law of 1846 would ne-
cessarily also increase the revenue. That does
not necessarily follow; for if you can find the rev-
enue point of an article, you may carry the duty
up or down from that point, and diminish the
revenue. A in atrial departure in either direc-
tion from thatpoint, will diminish revenue, though
for different reasons—one because of its restrain-
ing influence upon importation, and the other from
the fact that it diminishes the rate of duty to a
point so far below the revenue point, that the
demands of consumption will not sufficiently in-
crease importations to supply the diminution
caused by the reduction of duty.
I admit that importations will increase if you
reduce the duty, and they will keep increasing as
you continue to reduce duties, until the consump-
tion of "the country is supplied; and while I do
not wish to injure the manufacturinginterests, yet
I will never give a vote in this House which as-
sumes, as seems to be assumed by some gentlemen
here, that you are compelled to keep up the duty
for fear the country will be overrun with foreign
articles. In other words, they seem to feel it their
duty to put a high tax upon imports, thereby
greatly increasing their cost to the people, for fear
they may eat and wear too much; for fear of this
you make a small amount cost as much as a large
amount; and then the poorer class of consumers
will be compelled to buy less, for they cannot pay
for it. I propose to remove the shacklcs from
commerce as much as we can. We will only tax
so far as may bo necessary for proper revenue—
no further. I propose to relieve the interests of
the country of a tax which, at best, is unequal
and unjust. And as such, while ) shall vote to
readjust our taxes upon imports, in doing so I will
look to the interests of the consumer.
Mr. MACE called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 believe the Chair has de-
cided that amendments may be offered to the
pending proposition of my colleague, [Mr. Mill-
son.] I propose, then, to strike out from his
proposition all after the words "July next," and
insert what I send to the Clerk's table.
The amendment is as follows;
Tlieie shall be a reduction'of twenty per centum on
the rates of duty imposed by the act entitled " An act re-
ducmg the duty on imports, and i'or oilier purposes,ap-
proved July thirtieth, one thousand eight hundred and tort.v-
aix, on the goods, wares, and merchandise, imported tioiu
loieign countries, enumerated and provided for m Schedules
A, 13, C, D, E, F, G, and II, and also those piovulod lor m
the third section of said act, exceptas hereinafter piovided.
100 40 30 2o 2U 15 10 5 Fiee
A ii O D E F G II I
80 3:2 24 20 16 12 8 4 Fiee
Sec. *2. And bcit further enacted, That the manufactures
and article* of silk, or of winch silk shall he a component
mateual, not othei wise piovided tor, shall be transleired to
Schedule C; that the manufacuuos and aiticies of flax, or
of which flax shall be a component material, not otherwise
provided foi, and blankets Oi'all kinds, shall be tian^loired
to Schedule 0 ; that wool, unmanufactured, shall be tian-5-
leried to Schedule G; that llax unmanulactuied, silk law,
With or without the gum, unpolled in the condition in which
it comes from the cocoon, not being doubled, twi-fed, or
advanced m manufactures in any way ; jute, mamlla, and
sisal g'ass, coir, and other vegetable substance*, mimaiiu-
factuied, not otherwise provided for; lac spnits, lac sul-
phur, lampblack, litharge, 1'iussian blue; ainoles not in
crude state, used in dyemg or tanning, not otherwise pro-
vided foi; brimstone, etude, in bulk ; cieain of-tarta  ; ex-
tiacts of indigo, cMiams and decoctions of logwood and
other dyewoods, not othciwisc provided lor; extract of
maddei. barilla, cudbear, bleaching powder or chloude of
lime, indigo, cochineal, woad oi pas.tcl; acids, acetic, ben-
zoic, boiacie, ci&ric, muuatie, white and yeJlow> nitric, ox-
alic, pyiohgneous, and tartaric, and all other acids of every
dcscupuon used tor chemical, medicinal,or manulacturing
puipiws, not othciwi5 e piovided for, be tiansfeirod to
SchdffUle II. And that wilt of ail kinds, berries, nuts,
flowers, plants, and vegetables, used exclusively in dyeing
or m composing dyes; but no article s-hall be classed as such
that has undergone any inaiiufactuie; Peruvian hark,Bia-
zil wood, hraziiietto, and all other dyewoods 111 sticks;
burr stones, wrought or unwiought; codilla, or tow of hemp
or flax; fruits and vegetables, green or ripe, not otherwise
provided for; garden seeds, and all other seeds lor agn-
euituial, horticuituial, medicinal, and mauulacturmg pui-
poses, not otherwise provided loi; bolting-cloths; madder-
loot, madder, giound or prepared; ice; animals of all kinds
—be transteire'd to Schedule I.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted^ That on and after the
fast day of July, 1857, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid on all goods, wares, and merchandise mentioned in
Schedule I, imported from foreign countries in ship-! or ves-
sels not of the United States, a duty of ten per centum ad
valorem; and an addition of ten per centum shah be made
to the rates of duty imposed by this act in respect to all mer-
chandise not mentioned m Schedule I, which sliaU be im-
ported from foreign countries ozuuad after the iirst day of -
July aforesaid, in ships or vessels not of the United States i
Provided, That neither the duty of ten per centum ad vaUA
rem, nor the addition of ten per centum to the rates of djity
aforesaid, sbali be imposed on any goods, wares, and mer-
chandise imported on and after the first of July aforesaid,
in any ships or vessels not of the United States, entitled by
treaty, or by any act or acts of Congress, to be exempt from
discriminating duties, tonnage, and othei^harges.
Sec. 4. And Je it further enacted) That all goods, wares,
and merchandise which shall be imported fromfbreign coun-
tries after the passage of this act, and be in the public stores
on the first day of July aforesaid, shall be subject,on entry
thereof for consumption, to no other duty than if the same
had been imported, resptectively, after that day.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That on the entry of
any goods, wares, and merchandise impoited on and after
the first day of July aforesaid, the decision of the collector
of the customs at the port of importation and entry, as to
their liability to duty or exemption therefrom, shall be .final
and conclusive against the owner, importer, consignee, or
agent of any such goods, wares, and meichandise, unless
the owner, importer, consignee, or agent shall, within ten
days after such entry, give notice to the collector, in writ-
ing, of his dissatisfaction with such decision, setting forth-
therein distinctly and specifically his grounds of objection
thereto; and shall, within thirty days aftei the date of such
decision, appeal therefrom to the Secretary of the Treasury,
whose decision on such appeal shall be final and conclu-
sive ; and the said goods, wares, and merchandise $hall be
liable to duty or exempted therefrom accordingly, any act
of Congress to the contrary notwithstanding, unless suit
shall be brought withm thirty days after such decision for
any duties that may have beu|i paid, or may thereafter be-
paid, on said goods, or within thirty days after the duties
shall have been paid in cases where such goods shall be in
bond.
Sbc. 6. And be it further enacted, That on and after the
first day of July aforesaid, all provisions of existing laws
which impose other rates of duty on imports than are im-
posed by this act, shall be inoperative and void.
Schedule A—100 per centum ad valorem reduced to 80.
Brandy and other spirits distilled from grain, or other
materials; cordials, absynthe, arrack, curacoa, kirschen-
wdsscr, liqueurs, nuuaschino, ratafia, and all other spirit-
uous beverages of a similar character.
Schedule B—10 'per centum ad valorem doxon to 32.
Alabastei and spar ornaments; almonds; anchovies, sar-
dine--, and all oth<>r fish presei ved in oil; camphor, refined ;
casM<\; cloves; composition tops for tables or other articles^
of furmtuie; comfits, sweetmeats, or fruit preserved in
Migar, brandy, or molasses; currants; dates; figs* ginger
root, dried or green ; glass, cut; mace; manufacturers of
cedar wood, gianadilla, ebony, mahogany, rosewood, and
satin wood; nUtmegs; pimento; prepared vegetables,
meat-*, ponltiy, and game, sealed or inclosed in cans or
othei wise; pj tines; raisins; scagliola tops for tables or
other articles of furniture; cigars, snuff, paper cigars, and
all other manufactures of tobacco; wines — Burgundy,
Champagne, Claret, Madeira, Port, Shjeiry, and all other,
wines and imitations of wines.
Schedule C—30 per centum ad valorem down to 24.
Ale, beer, and porter, in cask>,or bottles ; Argantine, ai-
batu., oi German silver, manufactured oi unmanufactured j
articles embroidered with gold, silver, or other metal; arti-
cles worn by men, women, or children, of whatever ma-
terial composed, made up, or friade wholly or in oart by .
hand ; assos' skins; bulsams, cosmetics, essences, extracts,
pastes, perfumes, and cinctiues, used either for the .toilet or
lot medicinal purposes; baskets,andailotherartic'es com-
posed of grass, osier, palmleaf, &uaw, whalebone, or wil-
low, not othei wise provided for; bay rum; beads of amber,
composition, or wax, and all other beads; beirzoates; Bo-
logna sausages; bracelet, brauls, chains, curls, or ringlets
composed of hair, or of which hair is a component part;
braces, su?pendeis,* webbing, or other fabnes, composed
wholly or in paitof India-rubber, not otherwise provided
for; biooms and brushes of all kinds; cameos, real and,
imitation, and mosaics, ieal and imitation, when set in
gold silvei,or other metal; ca:tes and sticks for walking,
finished or unlimited; c.ipeis, pckles,and sauces of all
kimN, not otherwise provided lor, caps, hats, muffs, and
tippets oi fui, ana all other manufactures of fur, or of
which fur shall be a component matexial; caps, gloves,
leggings, miU, socks, stockings, wove shuts and drawers^
and all similar articles made on frames, worn by men,
women, or children, and not otherwise provided for; card
eases, pocket book 7 shell boxes,souvenirs, and all similar
aiticles, of whatever materia! composed; carpets* carpet-
ing, health rugs, bedsides, and other poitions of carpeting,
being either Aubusson, Brussels, ingrain, Saxony, Tut key,
Venetian, Wilton, or any other Similar fabric ; carriages and
parts of cat riages; C«v<?nr e pepper; checse ; cinnamon j.
clocks audpaitsoi cloc'ts; clothing, ready made, and wear-
ing appai el of every dcsi ription, of whatever material com-
posed, made up or manufactured wholly or in part by the.
tailor, seamstress, oi manufacture!; coach andbarne^-fur-
uituieofd.il kinds; coal; coke and culm of coal, combs
of all kinds; compositions of glass or paste, when set; con-
fectionary of all kinds, not o-.herwise provided for; coral,
cut or manufactured ; corks; cotton cords, gimpa? and gal-
loons; uomtplaster; eiayons of ail kinds; cutlery of all
kinds ; diamonds, gems, pearls, rubies, and other precious
stones, and imitations of precious stones, when set in gold,
silver, or othei metal; dolls, and toys of all kinds; earthen,
China and stone ware, and all other wares composed of
eaithy and mineral substances, not otherwise provia-d tor;
epaulets, galloons, laces, knots, stars, tassels, tresses and
wums of gold, silver,or other metal; tans and nre-s^reens
of every description, of whatever material composed; fea-
thers and flowers,artificial or ornamental, and parts there-
of, of whatever material composed; fire-erackers ; fyits,
braids, plaits, spartcrre and willow squares, used for making
hats or bonnets; frames and sticks for umbrellas, parasols,
and sunshades, finished or unfinished; furniture, cabinet
and household j ginger, ground; glass, colored, stained, oi
