KM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19.
balance duo them under the agreement between
Genera! Wilkinson and Colonel Hardin.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The amendment is
made necessary by a difference in the calculation.
The original bill proposed to appropriate p ,879 06;
but the Senate's calculation differs as to length of
time; and they have, therefore, made this amend-
ment.
Mr. QUITMAN.. The Committee on Military
Affairs reported the bill originally. They gave
it a careful eonsideration. It was again and again
discussed; and I am-satisficd that the sum as pro-
vided by the bill as it passed this House, is the
correct one which ought to be allowed to Colonel
Hardin's heirs. Colonel Hardin was a very gal-
lant officer; but if we seek for principle, the prin-
ciple was pronerly settled by the committee.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 looked at the calcu-
lation;"and I am willing to stand upon the prop-
osition that the Senate's calculation is correct and
just. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright,
of Tennessee, and Perry, were appointed.
The House divided; anil the tellers reported—
vayes 84, noes 33.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved that the vote by
which the amendments of the Senate were con-
curred in be reconsidered; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed fo.
ENTRIES OF PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. There is a bill on
the Speaker's table (H. E. No. 804) to confirm
certain entries therein named, which passed the
House almost unanimously, and was sent to the
Senate. The Senate made its provisions more
stringent by their amendments. I am opposed
to the amendments; but still we liad better take
thelull as they have amended it, rather than to
lose it entirely. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up the bill, and agree to the
Senate amendments.
Mr. CItAIGE. 1 object.
On motion of Mr. LKTOHER, (at fifty-three
minutes past three o'clock,) the llousc adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 19,1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Srr.ritTO P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication fioni the Com t of Claims,
in answer to a resolution of the Senate respecting
the papers in the ease of liebtcui Buulsiill; which
was read, and ordered to lie on the table.
KANSAS LAWS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate, for appropriate reference, the House bill
(No, 799) for the relief of the people of Kansas;
and it was read a first and second time.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to refer that bill to the
Committee on Territories.
Mr. GREEN. 1 move thatitbereferred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. It is a bill repeal-
ing all the acts of the Territorial Legislature of
Kansas. I think itraises a judicial question. If.
brings up questions of law rather than questions
appertaining merely to territorial organization.
That is the reason why I prefer the Judiciary
Committee.
Mr. ADAMS. To axoid any unnecessary con-
sumption of time, as we knowthat bill cannot pos-
fsibly pass, and we have but little time, I move to
lay it on the table without any reference.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and navs.
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator from Mis-
sissippi withdraw his motion for a moment, that
I may make a suggestion ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not de-
batable unless the motion of the Senator from
Mississippi be withdrawn,
Mr. STUART. I am aware of that.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 17, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams. Benjamin, Cats, Clay, Evans,
Pitch, Fitzpatiick, Geyei,I{uutei, Johnson, Jones of Iowa,
Tones of Tennessee, Maliory, Mason, Kezd. Rusk, and Tou-
cey—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Biglcr, Brodhead, Brown, Dodge. Durkee, Fessen-
den, Foot, Fostei, Green, Gwm, Hole', Harlnn, Houston,
James, Nom^e, Pugh. Sebastian, Seward, ShdelJ, Stuart,
Welh^e, and Wilson—24.
So the motion to lay on the table was not agreed
to.
The PRESIDENT p-io tempore. Shall the bill
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary ?
Mr. WILSON. I ask fur the yeas and nays
on that motion. I think the bill ought to go to
the Committee on Territories.
Mr. GREEN. I voted against laying this bilj
on the table, at the instance of some friends, in
order that it might bo referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary. Allegations have been made,
undue and unnecessary excitement has been
raised, in regard to the laws of Kansas, and the
fiiemls of law and order are ready to stand the
scrutiny of that very high committee. They are
all ready to meet the issue.
I am well aware, sir, that it has been said time
and again that test oaths have been exacted by
the Territorial Legislature of Kansas, and that
objectionable laws have been passed. My answer
to that is, that it would be strange if objectionable
laws had not been passed; and"I venture to say
that there has never been a legislative assembly
in any pait of this wide-spiead Union, that has
not posscd laws of an objectionable character. I
say further, that I have personal information that
those laws which are called obnoxious in the
public prints by most of those who complain of
the action in Kansas, have been repealed already
by the local authorities of Kansas. It looks a
little strange that those who-deny the right of
Congress to legislate for Kansas should under-
take to repeal laws passed by Kansas. It looks a
bttlc extiaordinary, that those who deny the right
of Congress to legislate for the Territoiies should
step in and say, "We will wipe out what you
have done, because wo do not think it right."
I will say this much further, that the oath
which has been called a test oath, by which a
voter, in order to exorcise the elective franchise,
must swear to support the Kansas-Nebraska act,
and the fugitive sbvc law—thatthis, which is the
groat cause of complaint, is incorporated wonl
for word in the Kansas-Nebtaska aci; and every
man who voted for it, and the President who ap-
proved it, arc committed to that, ff a page will
bring mo the law organizing Kansas and Ne-
braska J will show it. It looks a little extraordi-
nary that Congress, which passed that Jaw, and a
President who approved it, and a public senti-
ment that sustained it, should now be called upon
to condemn a provision incorporated directly in
that law. That law says that, as a qualification
to vote, the applicant shall bo a tree white male
citizen of the United States, or one who has taken
the proparatoiy oath to become a citizen, who
shall swear to support the Constitution of the
United States and the provisions of this act.
There is direct authority justifying Kansas at
least m saying that voters ought to be swoin to
support, the organic act; and yet it is raised as a
great objection against Kansas—they a,re called
by harsh names and hard terms because the ter-
ritorial local laws (you having given them full
authoiity to fix the qualifications of voters as they
phased) have done the same thing that Congress
and the President have done. They are to be con-
demned for the exercise of the right which you
conferred on them, when they copy after the ex-
ample you hjjve set them. In section twenty-third
oi the act of Congress organizing Kansas and
Nebraska, it is enacted:
a That every ficc white male inhabitant above the ajze of
twenty-owe ywus, who &hull be <ui actual resident of's.ud
Tenitoty, and r-lmlJ pos&es* llie qualifications heiein.ifter
pics-cnbed, «-iiaii be entitled to vote at rho fir^t election, nnd
shall be eligible to any olliee within the <-aid Torritoiy ; but
; the qujlineati'm ot voteis and of holding office at all sub-
s h.cquen^eleetion« shall he nuchas shall be piejcubcd by
, tiie Legislative Assembly : Provided, The liyht of fruftWe
, and ot liuMiiig shall be cxurcised only by cm/ens of
J the United ritatcs, and those who bhaH lutve declaied on
; oath then' intention to become Mieh. and shall take an oath
i to suppoit tiie Constitution of the Ctnied State.-, and the
piovi6ion< oi'ihid act.'"
What are the provisions of this act ? One is
reenacting, reaffirming, resustaining the princi-
ples of the fugitive slave law. All, therefore,
that the Kansas law contains touching the qual-
ifications of avoter-js, if not in express words,
by necessary legal intendment, contained in the
organic act of Kaims.and Nebraska.
Mr. President, I make this allusion now for
the purpose of showing that this bill brings up
questions of a legal character, and forthat reason
it ought to go to the Judiciary Committee; that
this great amount of abuse unnecessarily and
wrongfully heaped upon the heads of the people
of Kansas ought to return and recoil on those
who passed the Kansas-Nebraska act. If one is
wrong, so is the other. If one is right, so is the
other. If the Kansas-Nebraska act can be sus-
tained upon principle—if the people of the Ter-
ritory ought to be authorized to fix the qualifica-
tions of their own voteis, they have done it. If
they have prescribed a test oath, so have you.
If the one is wrong, to is the other; and we, with
a very bad grace, shall take hold of the subject
to condemn, and repudiate the actiori of Kansas,
while at the same time we sustain our own action.
As I before remarked, Kansas has passed some
bad laws; there is no question about that. Kansas,
however, in the progress of improvement to which
all people, Americans at least, are subject, is
advancing, and will wipe out every objectionable
law so soon as experience, reflection, and obser-
vation, prove to them the necessity of doing so.
They have already reformed much. There was
one very objectionable law striking at the freedom
of debate. That has been repealed.
Those other laws called objectionable, inflict-
ing punishment on those who steal a certain spe-
cies of property called slaves, were right laws,
and I stand up here to defend them. If a larceny
of any othei kind of property is committed in one
State, and the piopcrty is carried into another
State of this Union, it is construed as a new lar-
ceny. The old principle of the common law, that
to constitute a larceny required stealing, taking,
and carrying away, has been repudiated by the
legislative action of every State in this Union; so
that if property stolen in one State is carried into
another, it is anew larceny in that other, because
it is stolen property when carried there. So with
the different counties (ff a State. If a larceny is
committed in one county, and the goods are ear-
ned into other counties, the venue may be laid in
nny county in the State, and the man may be
charged with stealing, taking, and carrying away
that property. This is nothing more nor less than
the Kansas law in regard to slave property.
I know there are some who are so ethereal in
their notions of moral principle that they deny
the right of men to hold property in slaves. That
question 1 shall not discuss. Those who do hold
that light, have the right to enact laws to protect
it; and when slaves arc once decided to be prop-
erty, tho violation of the rights of property may
lie punished by the enactment of proper laws. If
the taking of a horse, in the State of Tennessee,
and carrying him into Kentucky is a larceny in
Kentucky by the law of Kentucky, so the taking
of a slave in Tennessee, and carrying it into Ken-
tucky, ought to be larceny in the State of Ken-
tucky, as well as in the State of Tennessee. These
police regulations, laws passed to protect tho
rights of citizens, are in aid of the laws of the
United States. They are not in conflict with the
principles .of tho fugitive slave law. They affix
a penalty. They afford an additional remedy.
They are cumulative, and there is nothing wrong
in them.
Men may say, and do say frequently, that the
penalty affixed is disproportionate to the crime.
That is* a question for consideration. All penal-
tics ought to be adapted to ccrtain ends. What
arc those ends? First, the prevention of crime:
this is the groat and leading purpose of all pun-
ishments. Why do you execute a man for mur-
der? Not because you wish to take revenge on
the man who committed the deed. You send
him tho aid of the ministers of the Gospel, and
you afford him time for repentance; you give him
all the benefits you possibly can; and yet you say
he must suffer the punishment of the law. For
what ? Not because of the principle of vengeance;
but that ho may be a terror to evil-doers; that he
by his example may cheek others. The stealing
of a turkey, in some of the appendages of the
British empire, was once made a capital offense;
and why? Because, from the frequency of the
offense, and the facility of its commission, some
terrible punishment was necessary to hang over
the head of the evil-doer.
So thought Kansas in this matter: whether
right or wrong it is not my place to determine,
