1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
755
it. Put down this wire, and Great Britain will
take the line whenever she wants it, just as she
has been doing in the East since the Crimean war.
She goes around whipping China, and Brother
Jonathan is so anxious to imitate her, that he has
gone in bearing our flag, and we are implicated
fn that scrape. Ten or twelve years ago she was
around there bombarding Canton, and burning
down the forts in the river Pe-kiang, with about
as good an excuse as if one man should thrash
another because he chewed his own tobacco. The
pretext was, that the Chinese eat their own opium.
Wc are implicated in. that; and now we are to go
into a telegraphic line partnership with England.
Does not everybody know that this telegraph
line will be a source of quarrel between both na-
tions, just as certain as the Lord lives? Sir, we
know it has been said of England—
"Her march is o'er the mountain wave,
Her home is on the deep."
She makes her provinces and territories tribu-
tary to her. She makes them pay their own way.
We, in violent, vehement, and foolish cxcitcmcnt,
run out and catch Mormons in Utah, and New
Mexicans, and all the ragamuffins we can get
hold of, take them into full partnership, and feed
ami supportthem. Here you have a whole litter
of Territories sucking the Federal pap; and when
they get to be States they take all the lands they
can lay their hands on. Tins is the way we do
business: and now we are going to take this money
and literally fling it into the ocean. The wire is
to be laid at the bottom of the ocean; and gentle-
men tell us of the great benefits to be gained.
Their imaginations seem to be as vivid as that
of Clarence, whose dream is thus portrayed by
Shakspeare:
u Mothought that I had broken from the Tower,
And was embaik'd to cro^s to Buigundy;
And, in my company, my biother G!o:-ler;
"Who from inv cabin tempted me to vv.ilk
Upon the hatches; thence wc look'd toward England,
And cued up a tli<m<and heavy time5!,
Dmiim the wars of Yoik and Lancaster,
That had befall'n us. A^ wc pae'd along
Upon the giddy footing of the hatches,
Mcthonqlit that G!o<.tet ^tumbled ; and, in falling.
Struck ine, that thought to stay him, overboard,
Into the tumbling billows of the mam.
0 Loid ! methouglit, what pain it was to drown!
What dreadful noise of water in mine ran*!
What sighf? of u?ly death within mine eyes!
I\Ioll)ou!jht I saw a thousand fearful wrecks;
A non-dud men, that fishes gnaw "d upon ;
Wedijn* of gold, great anchors, heaps of pearl,
Inestimable stones, unvalued jewels,
All scatter'd m the bottom of the sea.
Some lay in dead men's skulls ; and in tho«o holes
Where eves did once inhabit, there weie crept
(Ay 'tweie m scorn of eye?) reflecting gems,
That vvoo'd the slimy bottom of the deep,
And mock'd the dead bones that lay scatter'd by."
I said, on a former occasion, that I was an old-
line Whig, and my principles would justify me,
on the necessity of the case, in going for a Pacific
railroad or a wagon road to California, rather than
trust to the transportation across the Isthmus of
Panama. I do not say that I would do so, though
I might; but I have not had much opinion about
it since John Sergeant was sent down to Pan-
ama, and nothing was heard of him until he turned
up in England. I think, however, that we might
as well spend our money for our own territory as
for the ocean and foreign countries. If you are
going to spend money in this way, do what sen-
sible men ought to do—do just what I feel I ought
to do. Mr. Webster once spoke of General Jack-
son turning over in his coffin when a wrong thing
was done. I think he would turn in his coffin
if the Tennessee Senators were to go home after
voting to pay for laying down such a hue as this
between our old en««my and this country. We
could not get a dollar for the turnpike road from
Maysvilie to Lexington. The bill appropriating
money for it was vetoed byJackaon, and advocated
by Clay. That was within our own borders—in
our own country. While you will not give a dol-
lar for that purpose, you can appropriate money
to lay down a wire in the ocean between British
possessions, Ireland and Newfoundland—between
Galway and Halifax, or some worse place. If
1 were to vote for this, and were afterwards to
pass through Lexington on my way home, I
should expect the <{ old man" to rise out of his
grave, and bring me to task, as I have seen him
in his lordly majesty in his life time bring many
a man to task. True, he was not successful for
the Presidency. We never succeeded in placing
him in the White House. He was often defeated;
like Hector, t{ thrice drawn round the walls of
Troy:'' still, those who were faithful to him and
to his principles stood by him to the last; and I
can only say for myself that, dum II i umfuiMjfbie r
stood by the fortunes of the house of Prian^B
Now, sir, I desire to have this bill referred to
the Committee on Finance. 1 wish to see what
the Senator from Virginia, and that committee of
his, can do with it. If there were any possible
explication of platforms you could bring to bear
upon this measure, so as to put it in any reason-
able, tangible, and s&isible shape, I might be
willing to go in for it. As I remarked before, how-
ever, nobody knows anything about it. I sup-
pose, if there were a proposition, not to build a
Jacob's ladder, but to construct one from here
to the moon, and hang it on one of the moon's
horns, it would find supporters if it took money
out of the Federal Treasury. We know nothing
about the face of the ocean; we know nothing
about the feasibility of this project. We cannot
control the telegraph from Boston to Newfound-
land, nor across the Irish channel to London.
Without dwelling upon these minor points,
the whole measure is intrinsically and radically
wrong in every shape and form. The Atlantic
ocean is no mare, clausum; it is no closed sea be-
longing to one nation. There car be no writ of
ad quod damnum by which the rest of the human
family,and the nations of theearth,including our
ancient ally, France,can beexcluded from its use.
Franco and Prussia and Russia ought to know
what damage they are to sustain. Will these
associations of ours to lay a line across the ocean
allow them to enjoy this highway of nations to
which they have an equal property and an equal
right? Are we to submit the ocean to the control
and dominion of a company, as you would a turn-
pike road or a railroad over your plantation,sir? j
1s.the ocean to be used in this way wjfh<mt th" 1
consent or concurionce of the nations of the i-arth? i
Suppose they should protest: will they not have ,
aright, with their dredging machines, to plow up
the wire from the bottom of the ocean ? Is not the
occan the common property of mankind ?
In right of her eminent domain over the ter-
mini, Great Britain, I presume, will control this
work. Suppose Russia, running athwart the
American continent, shall say, 44 We will have
no such disaster as befell us at Petropaulowski,
and we will lay down a telegraph in the Pacific
ocean from Vancouver's island to oar American
possessions." Are they, by compact with un-
Aniericanized people in New York, to impose on
the whole South: Ilivc not the nations of the
earth, and our southern country especially, o
right to complain of this? I would not take ptock
in such a scheme as ibis. I believe it is tin en-
croachment on the highway of nations: it is in-
jurious, it is impolitic, and we shall be cheated
m it. At last, what have all our treaties with
Great Britain comc to? I do not mean to say
which side is altogether m fault. Perhaps I may
illustrate it by reference to some parties who lived
in a neighboring county to myself in Kentucky.
! Some people there made a partnership and got
' married, and wenr ou vjry swimmingly for a
while, as most married people do, but at lastthcy
got in ill-temper and ill-humor. Every time they
quarreled the old man would say, " Old woman,
there is a bone for you to pick;5* and off she
would go in a miff, be unhappy, go to church and
look sour—perhaps religious, or it may be hyp-
ocritical—nobody could MI which. At last it
came to her time to die. Sit" said to her husband,
"Mv dear honrv, 1 have something on my con-
science that I wish to tell you. We have Charles
anu Henry, two boys; one of them is yours, and
one of them is not." " ^ly God," sjul he," be-
fore you die justlet me know which it is. ' "No,
said she, <l you cannot find out; a certain oi
them is yours, and the other is not." Afce:
seeching and begging and praying her, as she was
turning her face to the wall to die he said, '^For
God's sake let me know before yougo." "No,'*
said she, <£ Old man, there is a bone for yoa to
! pick." [Great laughter.] So it will be with this
telegraph; it will be a bone to be eternally picked,
and' you will never know whoso it is, or anything
about it. The sequel of the old couple's bone
story affords a moral to us. Charles and Henry
picked the bone, too; they doubted each other's
legitimacy, and they contested the old man's will
until every dollar of their natrimony was squan-
• be-
dered. I am opposed to such an arrangement as
that which this bill proposes to make with the
British Government.
Mr. President, I should be glad to hear some
statistics, some facts, some reasons showing the
propriety of this measure. I do not see that it
will be of any benefit to us in the way of news.
Our steamers run pretty fast now, and bring us
news quick enough. Suppose this project should
succeed, and news should come from Europe
every day; it would be misused by combination.
We are quite as likely to get it in as good a form
through the steamers. This scheme reminds me
of two men who were accustomed to fight each
other. One sent word to the other that he would
kill him at sight. " Very well," was the reply,
" if you see me before I see you it will be all
right." They will see us as quick as we can see
them in this contest, without another bone to
pick, and without going into this foolish notion
of a quarrel every four years, and at last taking
the Treasury of the United States and throwing
it in the ocean, and taxing the people for it with-
out reason, sense, or propriety.
Mr. RUSK. Air. President, this species of
argument against the proposition is not at all
new. I was not here sonic twelve or fourteen
years ago, but 1 understand that when a proposi-
tion was made to connect this city and Baltimore
by a telegraph, the idea was ridiculed; it was
laughed at; amusing speeches in reference to the
absurdity of the project were made, and one gen-
tleman told me that there was actually a proposi-
tion made to amend the bill by inserting a provi-
sion for a telegraph or railroad to the moon; so
that this mode of argument, if argument it may
be called, against measures of this description, has
not themciitof novelty.
Now, I apprehend it is not necessary to say to
i this intelligent Senate that it would be a matter of
j vast importance in every sense of the word if thi.i
| coiuinejit and th.) continent of Europe can be
j connected by a submarine Megraph. I imagine
there is scarcely a Senator here who would not
anxiously desire to .see the consummation of a
measure of such great importance, and so likely
to revolutionize and advance business, civilization,
and everything connected with the social relations
of the world.
Then comes the oft-repeated argument of taking
money out of the Treasury for the purpose of
putting it into the pockets of the New York,
London, and Newfoundland Company. What
is the amount of that? Let us see what it is.
This bill does not piopose to bear the expense of
this rntei prise by the Treasury. All that is pro-
posed iii the first place, is to furnish some ships
to aid in laying down the cable; to furnish some
vessels that are doing nothing, and some of them
perhaps wmsc than nothing, to aid the company
m laying down the cable. If it is the visionary
scheme that it is thought to be, if it cannot suc-
ceed, if it Mils entirely, the sum and substance of
the expense to be incmn d by the Government, is
, the urne of the -vessels and the officers who com-
j mand them. They are taken off shore, perhaps
] out of comfortable quarters, and put on sea duty
J for two orthree weeks. Tins is the amounf of the
! los-s to the Government if this should fail as an
experiment.
I Suppose that no bill should pass, and these
! gentienien should go on next summer, as I under-
stand they intend to do, to lay down the cable: is
I there a single Senator here who would not con-
! demn the Secretary of the Navy, if he did not
! send out one. two, or thie? national r-hips, if
! neccssary, to aid in laying it d^wn ? I do not
■ think there is a F-ii'gle one. Even the honorable
Sonar or from Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,} placed as
' he is to watch the Treasury, would condemn the
illiberality cf any Secretary of the Navy that
! would not furnish shins to aid in laying down the
| cable. I f this visionary matter, as it is character-
I ized—which ou^ht, as some ihink, to be laughed
out of the Senate—should fail, that is the extent
• of the expenditure that will be made by this Gov-
' ernmimt if v;c pass* this bill. If it succeed, wnat
• is the e.vnendrurc ? Seventy thousand dollars a
year for ten years for the uses of the teleernpjt.
Air. HUNTER. It may be for a hundred
! yea is by the bill. .... „
i Mr. HUSK. No, sir, it is in tno power of
Con Tress to stop it at the end of ten years by
giving one year s notice. 1 list is the proMsion,
