756
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
Mr. SEWARD. The amount is £70,000 for
ten years, provided, during that time, the receipts
of the company do not equal six per cent. If
they do, there will be a reduction of the amount.
Mr. RUSK. 1 stated it the strongest -way
po-amst myself. I assumed that it would cost the
largest amount possible. Then the contract is to
be for ten years, at $70,000 a year. Is that taken
out of the Treasury and thrown away ? Is it a
useless expenditure? Is it an expenditure merely
for the benefit of this company ? I do not know
more than one or two of them, and have not in-
quired who they are. No, sir; it is not merely
for the benefit of that company. 1&- is for the
benefit of the Government and people of the
United States.
In the first place, the contract, if it be made by
the President, secures to the Government of the
United States the use of this submarine telegraph
line, and a preference, or at least the same prefer-
ence that is given to the British Government. Both
Governments are to stand on precisely an equal
footing in reference to the communications they
may have to make. Now, is any man here pre-
pared to say that that would be an extravagant
expenditure for what use the Government would
make of this line ? I have not gone into any cal-
culation; but one thing is certain: let this tele-
graph not be made, and you will spend four times
the amount in yourcommumcations with Euiope,
though that may not be expended on a great
measure of the age. It may be expended on a
few favorites, broken-down politicians, who go
out as bearers of dispatches and m other capaci-
ties. So that, if that were all that is in it, this
consideration of economy is the most fatal thing
I have heard broached hfcre. It is a penny-wise
and pound-foolish policy. You refuse to make an
improvement; you refuse to examine a project,
and in place of going forward you go back; and
you involve yourselves in the necessity of a four-
fold expenditure to accomplish the same object.
i In this ail that it accomplishes ? Clearly not.
you have the privilege secured by this ;)rraiU',e-
ment of establishing a rate of charges for the
words that may be communicated. Talk about
monopolies I You destroy die monopoly by this
very bill.
Suppose these gentlemen go on and build the
work on their own responsibility: they will send
our communications at what pine they please.
There is no authority vested anywhere to change
the price they may see proper to charge. If they
are left alone, and the Government chooses to
stand back, as she usually does in a measure of
this sort, they may be left to make a monopoly
of it. As it is, it cannot be made a monopoly if
you pass this bill. It secures a peifect equidity
to the citizens of both countries throughout all
time; and therefore this contract is the very (hm«;
to prevent this line, if it should be successful,
becoming a monopoly.
The honorable Senator from Kentucky chooses
to say some things about New York in very kind
terms. Well,sir, that New York has gone ahead,
is true, His country and mine have not gone
ahead; and why? The people of New York have
gone forward in ail matters of this description
while we were sleeping. In our section of the
country we have, as he said very justly, the best
climate; ay, sir, and we have the best soil; and if
we will only stir ourselves up to action, to enter-
prise^ look around and examine the resources
that lie undeveloped all around us, and imitate
our brethren in a more inhospitable climate in
developing these resources, we shall advance, sir,
and come nearer to the power and wealth and
importance of New York than we ever shall by
ridiculing matters of importance which are calcu-
lated to advance our interests, and not putting our
shoulders to the wheel to advance measures of
real utility. He chooses to pay me a very high
compliment, and at the same time to say that he
regretted to find mo in favor of Colt's pistols.
Why, sir, I have been surrounded by Indians,
having very pointed arrows, where Colt's oistols
were very necessary; and if they had done him
as good service as they have done me, he would
have regarded them just as I regard them, as a
very useful arm when a man is m a tight place;
very useful and very well calculated to hold a
man's hair on his head when he is in the neigh-
borhood of an Indian's scalping knife.
The Collins line of steamers has been talked
fcbad sustained it, the result would have
great saving in our Navy. If we had
of. I believe that system has been broken down.
I did what I could to inaugurate and sustain it.
If
*>
sulffffncd the policy of ocean mail steamers, we
should have had much more communication with
other countries, much more communication with
different sections of oux own country, and, I have
no doubt, a set of volunteers on the ocean that
would have been as efficient in case of war as our
volunteers on land. But^hat is not all.
The Senator from Kentucky reminds me that
those who come from the same .section of country
that I do, differed from me in this matter. That
is true; but if they had sustained me we should
not only have had this arm of defense, but a great
saving in the funds we now expend for our re-
formed Navy that has been expected to do a great
deal, but lately has not done much; and we should
have had vessels calculated to go into our harbors
to be used, in defense of our coast. More than
that, sir, the freights on our exports and imports
would have been greatly reduced, and the section
of country from which I come would have been
benefited largely by that reduction; for on all the
expoits we pay at least two thirds of the freights.
Now, so far as this is concerned, it may "be a
matter of no importance to a gentleman who has
two or three thousand bales of cotton to sell, to
know the pi ice of it at,the market where it is to
be sold; but it has always been believed to be a
matter of importance to know the prevailing price.
High charges are paid every day for information
from which to ascertain the price of our great
staple at our own ports, and 1 think if there is any
productive interest in tins country above another
that a submarine telegraph communication will
benefit, and benefit largely, it is the cotton-grow-
ing interest. Of that [ have not the slightest
i doubt, if it is successful; and I pray God it may
be, whatever this Congress may do with the piop-
osition. Is it to terminate there? Clearly not.
Already I see that certain men are discussing the
■proniii'iy of a telegraphic line from Havana to
New Oileans, and vuiious other points on our
coast; and if thin measure should be successful, I
have no doubt that numerous lines of this descrip-
tion will be established very piomptlv, and will
be beneficial to the commercial interests of the
United States, to say the ieasr.
But it is said Iihigland has the advantage of us
in this contract. Sir, we are descended from
Kngiishmon, and I should not 'ike very much to
admit the inferiority of our citizens to English
subjects. The fact is, I could not do tiuit without
contradicting history. Whenever energy, in-
dustry, enterprise, or hardy daring has called
them to act as rivals of each other, the A mericans
have generally gone ahead; but there is tins dif-
ference: the F-ngh^h Government, with far-sighted
keenness, looks to the extension of her commerce,
looks to the opening of every channel of industry,
enterprise, and wealth; and she is amply lepaid
for it, by bone; one of the richest and most pow-
erful Governments on this earth. Unfortunately,
when a channel is offered to us to promote the
objects of industry, enterprise, and intelligence,
though our people avail themselves of it, when it
comes to our Government it becomes the subject
of ridicule by some, and a charge of an assault on
the pubhc Treasury by others.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, since I have
heaid the Senator fiom Texas [Mr. Uu&k] lay
down his doctrines in regard to the proper theoi y
of trade and navigation, I am no longer surprised
that he should support such a bill as this. If it
he his opinion that the United States would be
justified in supporting lines of steamers by giving
them large sums of money out of the Treasury,
in order that they may make freights cheaper, I
can see very well how he may think that the
Uni^d States should go to the expense of trans-
porting information across the ocean between
different countries. If he is so wedded to that _
theory as to believe, after ail the experience of the '
past, that side-wheel paddle steamers, such as the j
Collins liners, could be available as ships of war, •
then,sir, I am not surprised at the opinions which !
he entertains in regard to the wonderful working
of the system proposed here. I had supposed
that if anything had been settled by recent expe-
rience, it was that steamers of that character were
not suitable for war steamers; and that the screw
propeller steamer was now admitted to be the
only one suitable for purposes of war—I mean
war purposes other than those of mere transpor-
tation.
But, sir, it was not my purpose, and is not now,
to enter into the question of the Collins line. I
admit that the same objection which applies to
that, and which I believe the whole country now
feels in regard to that, applies to this; that the
Government was engaging in that scheme to sup'
port by its bounties a scheme that ought to have
been left to private enterprise; and so it is here.
Here is another scheme of similar character and
policy, and one which will end m the same mis-
chief, in my opinion; for the Senator from Texas
tells us that we already hear of submarine tele-
graphs to Havana, and to other portions of the
world with which we are to be connected, leading
to new sources of great and doubtful expenditure".
Sir, I believe, on the other hand, not only that
commerce and navigation, but that these very
matters of telegraphic communication, will be
better managed if we leave them to private enter-
prise. What do we see in our own country?
Thousands and thousands of miles of tele graphic
communication sustained by individual enterprise,
and far better sustained than they would have
been if the Government had interfered in regard
to them. So in relation to this system of inter-
oceanic submarine telegraphs, if, indeed, it bes
piactic.able. If it be practicable, it is so because it
is a commercial enterprise that will pay; and if
it be a commercial enterprise that will pay, rely
upon it our citizens will have the energy, the
skill, and the enterpi ise to conduct if propeily and
usefully. If we never pass such a bill as this, in
my opinion, if the scheme be a practicable one,
we shall have it working beneficially far sooner
if we throw it open to individual competition, to
individual and to private enterprise, than if we
interpose to give one company the immense ad-
vantages, which almost make it a monopoly, that
arc proposed in this bill.
Sir, if our Government is to enter into such a
matter as this, it ought to do so upon some scheme
better digested and far better guarded than any-
thing contained in this bill. Where are the esti-
mates ? The Senator from Texas talks of the
company's estimates. Who are the company?
Upon what data are these estimates predicated?
Wc know nothing about them. We hear from
some of the committee that the company shows
them these estimates, that the expense is to be
merely the cost of sending a vessel, and giving
them a certain sum annually, to guaranty them
a fair profit.
But, sir, if the Government is, upon such loose
and insufficient data, to interpose, surely some-
thing ought to be done to secure it. Here is a
provision that we are to give to this company
such a sum until we have raised its profits to six
per cent., and after that, for a period of twenty-
live yeais more, the sum of $."50,000 a year. How
are we to know what are its profits ? It is a com-
pany in a foreign land—a foreign company; we
have no right of visitation; we have no moans of
ascertaining what it makes. There is nothmgin
this bill to insure us information. They may
conceal it all; and rely upon it, if wc pass this
bill we shall continue to pay this sum as long as
the company exists, or until the period of limit-
ation fails. I do not see, unless we adopt the
amendments of the House of Representatives,
any limitation as to time; and if it should happen
that they never agreed to submit a report of the
facts which would show that their profits reached
six per emit., so far as the bill passed by the Sen-
ate goes, I believe wc should continue to pay this
sum. It is only after that fact is ascertained that
we are to pay the >">0,000 for twenty-five years
longer, which is a limitation of time; so that
when you come to look into it, there are, in fact,
no limitations to guard the Government; and yet
we are asked to pay this sum, for the benefit of
whom? Private speculators. We do not know
who they are. Wc do not know whether they
are responsible men, able to carry out the enter-
prise after we have agreed to furnish them the
ships and given them the money. We have not
prooerinformationtoactupon; and when we ask
for it, we are told to go on in hot haste; and it is
said, that if we introduce an amendment, or any-
thing which may cause delay, the scheme will not
be accomplished by the next session. I have^uo
idea that it will be accomplished by the meeting
