758
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
the ablest men then living in the State of New I
York, and decided to be totally impracticable on j
the ground that it would be altogether too slow. I
Now how stands the fact after demonstration*!
The time alluded to by the honorable Senator from !
Texas in respect to this same subject, telegraphic j
communication, is but short, when it was ridi- i
culcd in the strongest terms; and yet it is a fact |
demonstrated. j
What else is said? That in time of war this j
communication will be utterly useless. This is j
said in the face of the fact that during the whole i
of the European war which has just been closed, |
not a single telegraphic communication, though !
in hostile countries, was interrupted. j
But, Sir, it is said that both ends of this wire |
being: in British dominions, we can have 110 secu-
rity in regard to it. Shall we have any more
security if we do not contract for it? My honor-
able friend from South Carolina says that he is
unwilling to load the weapon and place it in the j
hands of the enemy. Sir, it is m the hands of,
the enemy and loaded now; and the only question
is whether we shall participate in firing it. The ]
Government of Great Britain has pioposed to !
make its advance to this same telegraphic com- •
pany, and secure the priority of right in trans- '
mitting infoimation. Do you suppose, if this !
Government refuses to participate in it, that Eng- j
land will fail to consummate that agreement?!
Docs the history of England justify you in any j
such conclusion as that? ITa.> she not always :
exercised a forecast that has made her foremost'
in operations of this kind? Wherever you find j
a great public improvement, there you find the !
foot and the power of England to participate m it '
if she cannot control it. Soitis hero. Here is a 1
great benefit to the public—to the whole world. ,
England is first on the ground to control it if she i
can; and if not, at least to participate 10 it. This .
company that nobody seems to know anything ;
about, a mere will-o'-the-wu'p. as some gentlemen
seem to think, is a company controlled here, eon-
trolled in thRepublic, rompo .ed very i on -ader-
ubly of <. it.zens uf the, I'epu'die; and that in the
ren.-jon in my opinion wiiy England has :e>t had
the con fro I of tins mat fer brtoie. The p.uiioi - nm
of American citizens who hold control in this:
company, has leserved to tins < I'overmnent ihe ^
right to pat ticipale equally, if it choose^ to do so.
Now, what too the amendments of the I louse 1
of Repiesentatives? They make it necessary to I
contract so as to bring a tet mums within ouruun :
jurisdiction. Wi; ate not only-, in this agreement,
to have ihe right of pi 101 if y wit h i *. e.n U.i'a.n'
over that lelegi aph, w Inch !-< submai ii le, but over '
the connecting line-; and within tiie jurisdie- ■
tion of this Govermnou*. W h u d life re net1 ie t hei e
between bringing this Ism under the wnterw ith'ii ,
the boundaiies of the United States, and tikmi; 1
it out of the water in Newfoundland and bringing
it overland to a point within the bounda/ii s of the ]
United States ? The House amendment-? secure ]
u? this, and thus remove an o!>jo< tion which was -
very strenuously urged the other day. j
Whot ilext ? The amendments set ore to Con-
gress, irrespective of any contract that may be ,
mado by the Governm- lit, the unquestionable
right to terminate it arbitrarily at any time after jl
ten years. Though the contract be e\-f r so bind- J
ing_ on ys face and m us term:?, if Congress, in |
lluir Wisdom, after an cxp< rinu nt of ten \ e u-«, !
say 11 is best to terminate the contract, tin y h;t\e ,
th<j unrestricted poverty do so I hnve .K'Ver '
supposed, Air. President, I do not suppose it.-de y, ;
that fi.h! r 1 he British Gowmmont or lie. Amor- j
ie in Government would cnt> r into a eoniiaei uf ,,
tli J j ehe ra-'t i r with; >ut resei vtng the right 10 \v Uh- I!
d> uv. r.'d 10 Stop the pay from the time of witti- !■
draw,
but if they should do
tne
' she
to it
power expre-sly letained to the Congre?-
United States to interpose and put "a .5
t!icmselv..s.
J am only noticing some of the objections; 1
cannot go ovt r tienn ail. It, is said dint if we fail
1 } do anything in ihi; matter, and it turns out to
b- a profitable trance rum, otlvT lines will be built.
fair and equal participation when it would be most
desirable to us—in time of war. I only refer to
this for the purpose of inquir^for I never be-
lieved a word of it myself; but if it be true, will
England give to another company the right to
tnnninate a wive on her shores, and keep it there
in time of war? Then I say, if this be not a sui-
cidal argument, it is at least destructive to several
others against the bill. 1 repeat, if England will
control this line, she will control any other which
maybe setup m opposition to it, and will prevent
any use of 11 to her disadvantage.
T come next to the question of utility. That it
will be of great utility, in a Government point of
view, in transmitting Government messages in
time of peace, there can bo no question. That it
will be of equal utility at all times, when we are
at peace with England, is equally true. Though
we may be at war with any other European
power, yet, if at peace with England, our rights
will be as secure as if we were at peace with the
whole world. The saving will be large; but the
advantage would be great if the saving were not
large. Is there a single case where it is necessary
that Government information should be trans-
mitted from or to this country, when it is not
important to have it done in the quickest possible
time r You may not save any money; it may cost
you a thousand dollars, whether you send your
dispatch by a special agent or by the telegraph;
but if you can send it in the one case in two
hours and in the other in twelve days, there is an
advantage—a great Government advantage. Ikit
let me now inquire as to the incidental advantage
to the community at largj. Here, sir, I submit
this proposition: that there is no other subject
over which the Government exercises control,
that so diffuses itself in every branch of society,
as the subject of telegraphic or post route com- I
nominations. Until the domestic telegraph was |
: established in this country, my belief is that j
i ninety-nine one hundredths of the agricultural !
i products of the gi\.un~growmg States were sold at ,
a 1.1) ge percent. below their actual value. That1
is a \eiy impoitant consideration connected with :
''os snitj. et. ft i.: obvious how H was done. At I
tiu.t tune a man could (raved 'asl.-t than n letter 1
or 1 newsp.ip'-r could; and win ■  the knowlt_dg°
nrrivcd at New Yoik of a rise m the maiket, a ;
l.assoiuv) could start, and by the time he reached <
'Chicago he would be fioni t'-'-o to three days ;
aiie.nl of any mail eoniunmicn tjoo.
Mr. GREEN". Will the fcViMtor from Mich- ;
igan penait me to ask him two questions? :
Mr. STUART. Certainly, with great plea- I
sme. |
Mr. GREEX. As the Senator is yp< aking of]
the incidental benefits of this telegraphic coinmu- .
nic.ttion, I <usk, is it for the incidental, or is it for
the direct benefit to this Go-vorntiient, that he goes
for it ? Second: does he hold that the Govern-
ment has a right, because communications may
be made by tek:;raph, to establish a telegraph j
across the Uainn m oar own country? i
Ah'. STUART. Mr. President, ns I like brev-!
i'V, I will say ni reply to the first question, that j
I go for tins proposition for both reasons—fonts i
benefit to the; Government, and for its incidental i
bea( fit to the people at large. In respect to the \
\ power of the Government of the United States j
| 10 construct a telegraph throughout the United I
] .k-haie-j. jf there is any benefit m an abstractopm- |
, ion. 1 am prepared to say that 1 have no doubt j
' d 1 "hiI the powi-r .it ail. If there U power to send !
; tin mad by si.ige, then4 is power to send it by >
| te!  -1 nph; and ihe mail does nothing on earth but,
, ou iy the news. Hut 1 am not aware what that j
! he> >0 00 with the question. These are my opin- j
; :e\'S, however, whatever they may be worth. j
; 1 v as s lying, a man could start from New \
i Yotk, efr.-.r lie rectived the European informa- I
tion - ul whi-ii be aimed at Chicogo, he would .
; bo tiio'edays ahead of tim mail, and he could buy j
i up neeily 'every bushel of grain that was for sale '
sandth part of the grain sold much below its
actual value.
If such incidental advantages to the whole com-
munity do grow out of the passage of this meas-
ure, why are we eonyurmns; more money in talk-
ing about it than we should have to pay to foot
the bill? More money has been expended in
talking about this measure, from the time of its
first inception m the Senate down to this mo-
ment, than the bill provides for. I concede that
if it were a measure so fraught with danger to
the Constitution of the country, any number
of days and any amount of tune would be well
spent in defeating it; but I deny, when the stout-
est intellects in Congress are unable to attack
a measure on the plain principles of logic, that
anybody ought to be driven from its support be-
cause they attack it with harsh language in vehe-
withmage'-at many miles of that pond. In about '
j liiree or four days, or a week afterwards, the '
,! farmers wonld wake up and learn that they had
Ie f me inquire li this argument does not destroy .j sold then wheat for ton cents a bushed less than
uno.'V-y? If it js not smeidaJJot us see ifitdocs j1 it was actually worth. At the point where I re-
i.or iWroy another and a prominent argument, || aide, which is one of the largest grain-growing
-ud 1 1
sit'on to 'his measure.
the imposing m-gument
^ 1 oppo- jj and grain-purchasing places in the State of Mich-
, , It was haid that Knglard, ;j igan, I do not believe that, since the telegraph
noldiog the jurisdiction at both ends of this wire, 'j communication has been complete between New
would h?\e the control, rud would m>t give us a York and Kalamazoo, there has been one thou-
ment style. That and the language of ridicule
! are the only resort of an ingenious and powerful
mind when reason fails. It is easy to talk about
heartless corporations, about selling the Govern-
ment out to private speculations*, all these terms
are easily used; but a great measure, one which
in its results rise transcendent above every other
consideration, is not to be defeated because of any
harsh or ridiculous terms applied to it.
I propose to add a single consideration, and
leave the question. It will be seen that I have
only glanced at the reasons which control my ac-
tion in this particular; but I will take a consider-
ation addressed to the feelings alone, and that is
a consideration which reaches the houses and
homes throughout the United States. Take such
a storm as we have recently passed through, when
the whole ocean is swept by that resistless power;
when a vessel is out four, five, or ten days beyond
her time; when the whole public heart trembles
to learn its fate; when the relatives of the passen-
gers on board arc breathless in anxiety: it is worth
something then to know whether your relative is
buried beneath the waves or is safely landed at
his destination. That consideration, if no other,
i might have saved this subject from all terms of
i udtcule or derision. I say again, that whether
: it meets the approbation of the Senate to-day or
] not, it is a principle which is based in eternal
1 truth and right, and it will bo sustained and per-
I fected by some future Congiess, whatever may
] be its result here. I hope it will be successful
to-day. Judging from its past perilous transit
through both Houses, 1 feel a confidence in it;
I feci confident 111 its justice and propriety; but
whatever may be its result, the iittle reputation
that 1 may have for sagacity is cheerfully placed
upon the ultimate icsults. If it does not show
that it was one of the best day's service that ever
I was engaged in before itisfive year's old, I shall
confess to the most humiliating disappointment.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I know too
well the value of time at this late stage of the
session, and I appreciate too highly the generous
support which is given to this bill by its friends, to
! draw largely on them to debate it at this stage of
j the question. Indeed, I should not submit a word
1 to the Senate if it were not that, having introduced
I this bill originally, and become in some sort rc-
j sponsible for it to the country, or that portion of
! the country which takes an interest in it, if6it
! should happen to meet an adverse fate now my
! silence would be misconstrued.
| Mr. President, almost everything that could bs
imagined has been said by way of exciting preju-
dice against this enterprise. In the first place, it
is ridiculed as being visionary. It is not certain
of success, but it has all the probabilities which
commend wise, prudent, and just enterprises. It
is thought no more visionary now than every
great enterprise was thought when it was first
undertaken. 1 doubt not that the figure which
Benjamin Franklin cut, when he was sending up
a kite into the clouds to ascertain the identity of
lightning and electricity, was quite as ludicrous
as that which we occupy who are friends of this
bill engaged in extending that discovery to its
most practical, wide application. 1 have seen the
' gentleman who projected the Erie canal buried
at the hands of private charity. I have conversed
with those who believed the Erie canal visionary
and impracticable. The man who invented and
supplied the great cities of the world with the ac-
commodation of gas-light, begged his way to a
thankless grave through the dark streets of Lon-
don,
