1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
739
This enterprise, so far as one the feasibility of
wliich has not been established can have, has all
the elements of probability which you can re-
quire, in my judgment. It is known that you
can carry intelligence by the electric fluid from
point to point over land, so as practically to cir-
cumscribe all the landed portions of the world.
What remains uncertain is, whether you can con-
nect continents through oceans by this means.
What is known on that subject is, that for a pe-
riod of ten or fifteen years past, by means of a
submarine telegraph between Calais and Dover,
the continent of Europe has been connected with
the islands of Great Britain; that there the exper-
iment has been carried to success overa distance
of forty miles. The narrowest point between
America and Europe is one thousand seven hun-
dred miles. A reconnoissance has been made of
the bottom of the sea between these points. The
distance is ascertained to be one thousand seven
hundred miles, the depth of the ocean not more
than two miles, and the bed perfectly proper for
such a wire.
But whatever uncertainty rests on it, the Gov-
ernment takes careful insurance against embark-
ing too largely in the success of the experiment,
for this bill provides that all the expense the
Government shall iaany case incur if tne experi-
ment proves, a failure—as it is said here it will—
is the expense of the use of a national vessel half
way across the ocean from Newfoundland to the
coast of Ireland. That vessel will be manned,
equipped, provisioned, and supplied at Govern-
ment expense, at precisely the same cost, whether
it is employed in this service or not; so that prac-
tically, if the experiment fails, the Government
pays nothing; but if it succeeds, what does it
do? The Government then pays, for a period riot
exceeding ten yeais, four per cent, upon the cap-
ital of the investment—amounting to $70,000 a
year—for the use of the telegraph; provided, that
by the tariff established by this Government, to-
gether with Great Britain, the profits shall be
found not to equal six percent.; but whenever
they equal six per cent., the expense is reduced
substantially to the interest at six per cent. In
the one case it is eight, in the other six per cent.
Mr. President, all manner of objections have
been drawn from the vivid imaginations of the
opponents of this bill against the auspices under
which it comes before Congress 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
must ask the Senator to suspend his remarks, as
the hour of two o'clock has arrived, at which a
special order was fixed in executive session.
Mr. SEWAItD. I shall very cheerfully sus-
pend my remarks t5 consent to take the question
on the bill, if that be the pleasure of the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope that will be done.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The debate is now closed.
Mr. TOOMBS. "That is a mistake.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, by unanimous
consent, before ordering the doors to be closed,
received the usual morning business.
.Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Benja-
min D. Saunders, engaged in the manufacture of
an improved patent candle, praying that the pro-
vision of the patent law requiring stamps on
patented articles may be deemed to be executed
when articles which cannot be conveniently
stamped separately are stamped in packages, and
that certain limitations may be fixed to prosecu-
tions for penalties under this provision; winch
was referred to the Committee on Patents and the
Patent Office. **
He also presented the petition of Eleonore
Mioton, widow of Auguste Douce, a citizen of
the United States, praying for indemnity for the
destruction of her .husband's property in the ciiy
of Mexico, by inhabitants of that city, in 1828;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. SEWARD presented seventeen petitions
of merchants and residents of Philadelphia, pray-
ing for the adoption of measures for increasing
the commerce of the United States with Africa;
which were ordered the table.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the resolutions of the Common Council of
Buffalo, New York, in relation to the enlargement of the
wuilding for the house^postoffice, and United flutes
courts, in that city, and the report of the Postmaster Gen-
eral on the same subject, be recommitted to the Committee
on Commerce.
REPORT FROM COMMITTEE.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 604) granting certain additional
powers to the corporation of Washington, re-
ported it without amendment.
GOVERNMENT LANDS AT CHELSEA.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Ti easury be directed
to inform the Senate whether the kinds owned by the United
States in Chelsea, Massachusetts, have bean sold as author-
ized by the act of the 3d of March, 1855; and if so, whether
they were sold at public or private sale, to whom they were
sold, <uid at what prices per foot.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WELLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 608)
to settle and adjust the expenses of the militia
called out into service by Governor Mcsservy, to
suppress Indian hostilities in the Territory of
New Mexico, in the year 1S54; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. GWIN asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 609) in
relation to the public surveys in the State of Cal-
ifornia; which was read twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Laud Claims.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after two hours spent in
executive session, the doors were reopened, and
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 19, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PERRY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to present a memorial of the free-
State Legislature of the Territory of Kansas, re-
lating to the state of affairs in Kansas Territory,
for the purpose of reference only.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
NORFOLK AND PETERSBURG RAILROAD.
Mr. LETCIIER. I am instructed, unani-
mously, by the Committee of Ways and Means,
to report a bill for the relief of the Norfolk and
Petersburg Railroad Company.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask that this bill may be j
put upon its passage now. I imagine there will ,
be no objection to it when the facts are known to j
the House. I ask for the reading of the bill.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secietary :
of the Treasury to extend the time for the pay- j
ment of duties upon the iron necessary for the |
construction of the Norfolk and Petersburg rail- I
road, now or hereafter imported and used in the 1
construction of snid road, so that the same be |
paid in six equal installments at the end of one, I
two, three, four, five, and six years; provided that j
said duties shall be secured by bonds of said com- j
pany, with personal security properly approve^. j
It aiso provides for a contract by the Postmas- ;
ter General with said company for the carry-
ing of the mails, whenever so much of said road
shall be completed as to render it expedient to do
so, and the payment therefor to be applied to the
payment of said bonds, &c.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I object
to that bill.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third time
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to explain this mat-
ter to the House. When this railroad company
was made, it was made by contributions upon
the part of the citizens of Norfolk, to be collected
by a tax levied upon the real estate of that <r.Uy.
Owing to an unfortunate epidemic which pre-
vailed in Norfolk a year oj; so ago, the popula-
tion was very nearly removed from the entire
city of Norfolk. Vast multitudes died; and so
muclf difficulty occurred in regard to the holders
of real estate, that it was found utterly impossi-
ble for them to pay their taxes. Under those cir-
cumstances, they went to the General Assembly
of Virginia for relief from State taxes. The Gen-
eral Assembly granted them the indulgence upon
the taxes, with the assurance that if they desired
it" they would remit them, in consequence of the
difficulties which then prevailed.
So far as precedents for this matter are con-
cerned, I could give a multitude of them which
have occurred in the city of New York and else-
where, which have grown otjt of the destruction
of property by fire, where indulgence was granted
for various purposes." Such cases have occurred
in New York, in Savannah, Georgia, in Concord,
New Hampshire, and in various other places.
The object of the bill is to grant indulgence in the
payment of duties upon bond and security given
for the payment of the duties at a futare time.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I wish to know of
the gentleman from Virginia why the committee
has reported this bill for a special case, when I
have had a geneial bill before the committee for
the last four years? I understand they have agreed
to report against my bill. I wish to know if this
bill is open to amendment? I want to amend it
so as to make it general
Mr. LETCHER. This bill and the gentle-
man's bill are not at. all alike in any respect.
Hero is the case of a whole city depopulated by
an epidemic.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. All these cases should
bo put in the same condition.
Mr. KUNKEL. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Virginia if this is a majority report?
Mr. LETCHER. It is a unanimous one.
Mr. KUNKEL. How is it that this bill comes
up for consideration at this time?
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means were called for reports, and that com-
mittee reported this bill, which brings it regularly
before the House for consideration.
Mr. KUNKEL. I move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to ask the gentleman from Virginia a question.
Did he state that this was a unanimous report
of the Committee of Ways and Means? If he
did, I desire to state that 1 was not present in the
Committee of Ways and Means when- that bill
was directed to be reported.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman was at home
in Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I was
unwell. I desire, if I could have the floor, to
make a statement.
The SPEAKER* The gentleman from Vir-
ginia has the door.
Mr. LETCHER. I yield it to my colleague
[Mr. Millson] for an explanation.
Mr. MILLSON. I beg the attention of the
House for a few brief moments; and I will give
such an explanation of the bill as will, I trust,
remove every possible objection that can be urged
against it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a question of order. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Letcher] cannot pared out the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Campbell,] and he now
yields it to his colleague.
Mr. MIjlLSON. Such a request has never
been refused before. I will not detain the House
long. Although, from the reading of this bill—
from the first impression as to its character—there
might be, as I was aware there would be, some
objection to its passage; yet I am quite sanguine
in my hope that, after I shai1 have made the ex-
planation which I have to submit to the House,
the bill will pass by the unanimous vote of this
body. I must desire gentlemen, then, to give me
their attention that I may let them know why the
passage of this bill is asked.
Mr. Speaker, the road in question—the Norfolk
and Petersburg railroad—is almost exclusively
owned by the citizens of Norfolk, and by the
corporation of Norfolk in its corporate capacity.
They commenced the construction of thr. road in
