1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m-
am directed by the committee to demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I desire to
ask the gentleman to withdraw the motion for the
previous question, that I may present objections
to receiving this report.
The SPEAKER. The report is not yet pre-
sented.
Mr.' BENNETT, of New York. Well, I ob-
ject to its bcingpresented.- Ihave a preliminary
motion to make.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. Itis
stated by a member of the committee that this
report is in reference to a member of this House
by name, and I desire to know whether that per-
son was before the committee at the time the tes-
timony, which the committee thinks implicates
him, was taken?
Mr. FLORENCE. Who says the testimony
implicates him ? No one has said so.
Mr. GROW. If the committee refuses to an-
swer that question, I make a point of order, and I
will state it. It is, that this committee have nota
right to make the report as a question of privilege.
They can only report by leave of the House, es-
pecially if that report implicates a member; and I
have a right to know what kind of a report they
propose to make, in order to make a point of order
upon it.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask if I have not the
right to demand that the report be read? ^
Mr. GROW. The report cannot be retflPed
as a question of privilege, for it implicates — I
take it for granted, as the committee refuses to
answer my question — a member of this House
who has not been before the committee, and con-
fronted with the witnesses whose testimony im-
plicates liim. My point is, that the committee
has exceeded the authority given it by the House;
and therefore they have not the right to report as
a question of privilege, any more than one of the
standing committees of this House can report
upon a subject not within its jurisdiction. That
this committee has exceeded its jurisdiction, I
take for granted, as the committee refuses to an-
swer the question I have propounded.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to know if this
argument is in order?
Mr. FAULKNER. 1 want the report read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not desire to restrain
the gentleman; but I do not want the argument
to be confined to one side.
Mr. GROW. In addition to the point I have
raised, I raise a question of privilege ill behalf
of a member who, it is understood, is implicated
by this committee, but who is confined to his
room by sickness;.and it is not safe for him to
leave it. I have here a certificate of his physi-
cian to that effect. He desires to be in the House
to meet this report when it shall be made by the
commitiee.
" The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania rises to a question of order, and denies
.that it is the privilege of the committee to submit
their report.
Mr. GROW. I desire to cite the Chair to a
case which occurred m this House, and which is
known as the Ciiley duel case. There the com-
mittee proposed to make a report, as this com-
mittee do. The point of order was raised that
the committee could not report except by leave
of the House, and it was so ruled; and the rules
were suspended in order that they might make
their report. The same point of order was taken
then which I take here, that a committee of this
House, pursuing its investigation as this com-
mittee has, not only exceeded their jurisdiction
but violated the privileges of the House and the
constitutional rights of members. [Calis to order.]
I am stating a case to which I call the attention
of the Speaker.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order till
the question is decided.
Mr. GROW. Have I not the right to cite the
case and the ruling on it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not made a
decision; and itis not the right of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to debate the question until
it shall have been decided. The gentleman from
Maryland must state the character of the report
which he proposes taniake.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Does the Speaker
decide that the conclusion or the contents of' the,
report shoulc} be stated ?
The SPEAKER. The conclusion.
Members, all over the Hall. Let it be read.
Mr. GROW. No. The pointKvhich I make
is, that the report cannot be read until we hear
what kind of a report the gentleman proposes to
make.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that
the committee in question was instructed to report
to the House,and not to make a statementof the
contents of the report. Let us hear it read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land proposes to make a report which he claims
to be a matter of privilege. The Chair cannot
decide what it is until he hears what it is.
Several Members. Let the report be read.
Mr. GROW. The point which I make is that
the gentleman proposes to make a report which
is not within the authority given by the House
to the committee. Therefore it is proper to know
what kind of report the committee propose to
make.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the reading of the
report, that we may know what it is.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
report must be stated to the House.
Mr. ORR. I hope that my colleague [Mr.
Davis] will not make any statement of the con-
tents of the report. If the House desire to know
what the report is, let it be read. If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania had pushed his investigations
in the Cilley case further, he would have found
that before the question was decided by the
House the report was read.
Mr. GROW. Under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. ORR. No, sir; not under a suspension of
the rules.
Mr. GROW. Will the Chair allow me to
settle that question by reading from the Globe?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I call the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to order. He has made
his question of order, and it must be decided by
the Chair, without debate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the read-
ing of the 57th rule.
The rule was read, as follows:
" When the reading of a paper is called for, and the same
is objected to by any member, it shall be determined by a
vote of the House."
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already de-
cided that that rule applies to matters before the
House regularly. It does not affect this ques-
tion. The gentleman from Maryland claims the
right to make a report as a privileged report. It
is impossible for the Chair to understand whether
it is a privileged report or not, unless the purport
of it be stated.
Mr. GROW. I rose to state my point of or-
der 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The Chair has
decided that debate is not in order.
Mr. GROW. In the case of the Cilley duel,
the 
Mr. HOUSTON. Is this debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is debatable.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to hear the
resolution read which authorized the appointment
of the committee.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not know that
it is proper that I should state the general contents
of the report. The report shoukl be allowed to
speak for itself. If any gentleman desires to know
the contents of that report, it can only be prop-
erly known from the reading of the paper. If it
be necessary for the contents to be known in order
that the House may decide whether it be or be
not a privileged matter, then I submit that the
report ilself must be read. I presume that it suf-
ficiently appears to be a privileged matter, from
the fact that the committee was directed to in-
vestigate the existence of corrupt combinations
! among members; and that the report which 1 sub-
I mit is stated to be a report of that committee rela-
j tive to a member of this House. I piesume that
i that simple statement shows that it comes from
| the committee which*was charged with a privi-
I luged subject, and that it relates lo a highly privi-
i leged subject. If gentlemen desire to know the
1 contents of the report, whether it inculpates or
exculpates members, and what proposal it sub-
mits to the House, then that can only be known
from the reading of the paper; and I am content
that it should be read.
The SF5AKER. The report, as it appears by
the examination of the Chair, concludes with a
resolution, and the gentleman from Maryland
calls the previous question on that resolution. It
is very clear that the report cannot be read under
that call, because the report would be in the na-
ture of debate. If the gentleman from Maryland
states the question properly, the report cannot be
read. The House is to act on the resolution, not
on the report.
Mr. GROW. I rose to a point of order on the
reception of the report'—on its reception. Ta
know whether this report comes within the au-
thority of the House, 1 inquired of the committee
to know the character of the report which they
propose to make; not as to its contents. Suppose
that they propose to report to this House some
transactions of a member in reference to his elec-
tion 
The SPEAKER. The Chair has alread y stated
that it is impossible to decide the question whether
the report is a question of privilege until its con-
tents be stated.
Mr. IliVVEN, Of course the gentleman from
Maryland can speak for himself; but I under-
stand the Chair to have misapprehended his mo-
tion entirely. His motion, as I understood it,
was that the report be printed, and on that he
called the previousquestion, saying that he should
then move, when the printing was disposed of,
that the matter be postponed until'a sufeseqaejnj
day.
The SPEAKER. If the report be received,
the question must be stated on agreeing to the
conclusion of the committee. The question of
printing is not an original question. If the pr§ 
vious question be seconded, it will be on the res-
olution or conclusion of the committee, whatever
it may be.
Mr. ORR. Without the power to postpone ?
The SPEAKER. If the House sustain thecal}
for the previous question, it cuts off and precludes,
as has been decided every day, the motion to
postpone.
Mr. ORR. But there is no motion bt}t the
motion to print pending.
The SPEAKER. It is not neegssary to make
any motion. If the report be received the action
of the House will be taken on the conclusion pf
the committee, whatever it may be.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of or4er. I
understand that this report comes from the-com-
mittee, raised some weeks since, to investigate
charges of corruption growing out of the action of
members of Congress and others. I understand,
that at that time, and under the lights then before
the Speaker, it was a privileged question. 1
understand further that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Grow] objects to the reception of
this report, because it does not come within the
province of the committee when raised by the
House. The Chair intimates to the gentleman
from Maryland that he must state the contents of
the repoit. I have to vote on the point of order
as raised by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
and I claim the right to hear the report read, that
I may judge whether it comes within the rule,
within the power of the committee; and no ar-
rangement, no change of opinion on the part of
the Presiding Officer can prevent me from having
that information, which must be possessed to
enable the members of this body to determine
their votes.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not decided
that the report shall not be read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I call for the reading
of the report, so that we may see what the Chair
does decide.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania raised a question of order, and denied
that the report should be received.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I call for the reading,
that we may see whether it should be received
or not. .
The SPEAKER. The Chair will first decide
whether the report shall be received or not.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker  -
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there an ap-
peal pending? ..
The SPEAKER. There is no appeal pending.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. Then how is this
question debatable, the previous question having
been called ? . . .
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire to -with-
draw the call for the previous question, in order
