1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ft*
an arrangement with Mr. Gilbert, though he did
not think he knew the terms. The witness's im-
pression is, that the first conversation between
him and Dr. Welch upon the subject was in the
room," or at least in the presence of Mr. Gilbert,
"Whether the witness had been told beforehand, or
then heard that Dr. Welch was to be a recipient
of part of the money, he cannot say; but he thinks
it probable he asked him what amount had been
agreed on with Mr. Gilbert, but on these matters
he cannot undertake to be accurate. He did not
know that he told Dr. Welch the exact amount,
bnt thinksjjt likely he told him-it was up to a cer-
tain amount, without informing him accurately
about it; became he supposed, if he was to get any
compensation, he was to get it from Mr. Gilbert,
and that they would make their arrangements to-
gether. He thinks it was understood by both par-
ties that it was expected he would receive some
compensation, though he does not think he ever
heard Mr. Gilbert say what amount he intended
to give him." In most of the conversations there
was no reference to any pecuniary transactions
at all.
The said Sweeney further testified to the fol-
lowing fact touching Mr. Gilbert: That the Hon.
YT. A. Gilbert told him that the said Gilbert had
received seven square miles of land, and some
little stock, for his vote and influence in the pas-
sage of the Iowa railroad bill. It was in warm
weather; they went somewhere about Four«and-
a-Half street, and sat on Morrison's stoop late
in the evening, and Mr. Gilbert then told the
witness that he had received that amount for his
vote. He said he was put down for that amount.
It was atter the passage of the Iowa bill; and his
impression was, he named Air. Chase as the
person with whom he made the arrangement.
To this ease Mr. Gilbert replied in substance:
That he was informed, by Sweeney, of Bennett's
efforts to procure the passage of a resolution for
the purchase of his book—a piracy of Triplett's
work; that it would be an outrage to encourage
such a fraud; that Triplctt had several times tried
and failed to get his book purchased, but had
abandoned the effort, and now confined himself
to defeating Bennett, and asked to be allowed to
introduce Triplett; lie consented; Triplett was
introduced. Mr. Gilbert talked with him about
his book and its price; and told Triplett that he
thought his work a valuable one for distribution,
and that it ought to be adopted in preference to
Bennett's. Triplett said, if necessary to defeat
Bennett, he would be willing to put his book at
cost, or even less than cost. Mr. Gilbert said
that if the book was adopted it should be at a
fair remunerative price, and asked him what he
could furnish the book for. Triplett afterwards
informed Mr. Gilbert what he could furnish it for,
and said he did not care what became of any excess.
He declares himself ignorant of what Sweeney
may have told Triplett of his views and pur-
poses, as well as of Triplett's inferences. That
no agreement was made with him by Triplett,
Sweeney, or any one else, whereby lie was to
have, or expected to have, any benefit from the
passage of the resolution; and he never knew of,
or had the remotest idea of, the existence of the
writingor order until after it was produced before
the committee.
2. That he had not the slightest recollection of
any conversation with Sweeney about his vote
on the Iowa railroad bill; and he knows he never
told Sweeney that he was to have seven square
miles of land, or any other quantity of land, for
his vote; and that he never stipulated for any
quantity of land, or other pecuniary considera-
tion, for his vote on that or any other bill.
The two witnesses were examined separately
on the same day, in immediate succession, and
without the chance of consultation. Neither knew
what the other had testified. Neither knew how
the committee became possessed of their names,
or of the facts they could prove. They both tes-
tified reluctantly. They nowhere volunteered any
statement. They gave the names of the gentle-
men implicated with the greatest reluctance, and
°nly after repeated requisitions by the committee,
■with reiterated expressions of the opinion of the
committee that they would be compelled to an-
swer if they refused. And both testify to the
same transaction relative to the bargain about the
book of Mr, Triplett, with a substantial concur-
rence which puts any supposition of invention
out of the question, and leaves no doubt on the
minds of the committee of the truth of their state-
ment. They concur in stating the following ma-
terial and decisive facts:
1. That there was a bargain or contract made
between W. A. Giibert and F. f\ C. Triplett, in
the presence of Sweeney, verbally, relative to the
procuring the passage of a resolution for the pur-
chase of Triplett's book.
2. Thatthecontractwas,informand substance,
that Triplett was to have only a part of the money
which Congress might appropriate for his book.
3. Tliat the residue was to be at the disposal
of W. A. Gilbert. It was not stipulated, in bo
many words, that the money was to be paid to
him, but that was the understanding at the inter-
view when the bargain was made.
4. That the writing was demanded by Sweeney,
in the name of Mr. Gilbert, in fulfillment of the
contract previously made in his presence between
Triplett and Mr. Gilbert; and that Mr. Triplett
gave the paper in performance and evidence of
the contract previously made.
5. That the paper indicated the highest sum to
be paid in the event of the book being taken by
Congress at the highest price named; but that
under that there was a graduated scale of com-
pensation, varying in certain proportions accord-
ing to the price obtained.
If both witnesses were unworthy of belief, such
concurrences, in the absence ofall collusion, would
of themselves prove their own truth; and here no
collusion is possible.
The committee tendered to Mr. Gilbert an op-
portunity to confront the witnesses whosetesti-
mony related to him, and to have them subjected
to examination m his presence, but this was de-
clined by him. They cannot weigh his statement
as evidence against the testimony of witnesses.
That statement suggests no hypothesis consistent
with the concurrent testimony of the witnesses,
which shows their testimony to be consistent with
his innocence.
Mr. Gilbert has confined himself to taking evi-
dence to impeach the character of Mr. Sweeney.
Oil that point seventeen witnesses have been ex-
amined by the committee; of those witnesses, nine
Were called by Mr. Gilbert, and eight were sum-
moned on the suggestion of Sweeney. The tes-
timony given by these witnesses will be found
on pages of the testimony accompanying the
general report. It is conflicting ill character.
Of the witnesses called by Mr. Gilbert, two
(B. Hooe and Captain Darling,) had no such
knowledge of his general character as entitled
them to express an opinion; one (Samuel Cole)
would believe him under oath, but where his feel-
ings were much interested he would desire to ex-
amine his testimony with a good deal of care; and
one (0. R. Marsh) said he would be disposed to
believe him on oath; he never saw anything to
the contrary.
The other witnesses called by Mr. Gilbert all
concluded by stating that they would not believe
him under oath; but the cross-examination re-
vealed the fact that many of the expressions of
opinion which went to form the witnesses' opin-
ion, proceeded from persons who had had contro-
versies with the witness about business matters
of an exciting character, where harsh imputations
were freely indulged,and in some cases the vague-
ness of the suggestion deprived it of any character
except that of genera! abuse; and it appeared that
other expressions of opinion relied on were from
persons who had differed.with him about the po-
litical intrigues of primary assemblies and con-
ventions, involved imputations of untrustworthi-
ness in his political relations, but partook at once
of the bitterness and the generality of poli^al
abuse.
Of the witnesses on the part of Sweeney, one
(Robert Morris) had not such knowledge of his
general character as entitled him to testily; all the
rest declared his character good, and all but one
declared they would believe him on oath; and the
one who did not so say was silent, because the
question was not put to him in that form, but was
asked further than touching his general character,
which he concurred with the others in pronounc-
ing good.
Of the witnesses examined by Mr. Gilbert, five
were from the county of Sweeney's residence in
New York, and one other was in this city, but
was not called, owing to his fatigue.
Of tiiose examined by Sweeney, four were from
the county of his residence, all of wfio'm attested
as well his general good character as his credi-
bility under oath; and two other witnesses frorn
that locality, summoned on behalf of Sweeney;
were not examined, owing to their having failed
to reach this city in time to appear before the
committee.
On full consideration of this testimony as to
character, the committee consider that it is quite
apparent that Sweeney isaman of strong feelings,
rather vindictive when provoked, not overscru-
pulous in his measures of revenge, and that, as
the natural consequence of such a character ming-
ling in active political and business life, he is sur*
rounded by many and strong enemies, Who, in
the heat and bitterness of political and business
differences, have assailed the character of their
adversary.
But the committee are of opinion that the bal-
ance of the testimony is decidedly in favor of the
truthfulness and credibility, under oath, of Swee-
ney, and the absence of every appearaftce of hos-
tility between himself and Mr. Gilbert; the fact
that their amicable relations have never been in-
terrupted since Mr. Gilbert recommended him to
the Doorkeeper of this House for an office in his
gift, as well as the reluctant manner of the wit-
ness in giving his testimony t relieves his testi-
mony from all abatement which it might have
been justly subjected to had he been a voluntary
witness, seeking the committee with his inform-
ation, animated by spite towards Mr. Gilbert, or
ha\ing some sinister motive to accomplish by his
ruin; but as the matter stands, gratitude for for-
mer favors powerfully impelled him to silence.
His testimony shows him to have been at least a
confidant and accomplice of the parties to the
corrupt transaction of which he testifies, and hia
interest was to say as little as he could without
encountering the penal laws; and his examination
shows that his conduct accorded with this pre-
vailing interest.
Such testimony the committee cannot disregard;
but when they find it to accord in every material
circumstance with the testimony of the principal
in the transaction, who is not in any way im-
peached, they regard it as entirely worthy of con-
fidence. But if this testimony be disregarded, an
examination of the above analysis of the testi-
mony ofTuplett will show that every part of the
case, relative to the book resolution, is distinctly
testified to by him, and no part of the case rests
on the uncorroborated evidence of Sweeney.
On the strength of this evidence the commit-
tee, in performance of that part of the duly im-
posed on them by the resolution, to report to the
House what action, in their opinion, the House
on its part ought to take, submit the following
resolutions:
Resolved, 1. That William A. Gilbert, a member of
this House from New Yoik, did agree with P. F. O.Tnplett
to procure the passage of a resolution or bill through the
present Confess for'the purchase byCorigiess ot'certain
copies of the book of the said Tnplett on the pension and
bounty-land laws, in consideration that the said Tnplett
should allow linn to receive a certain sum of money out of
tile approps iation for t ho purchase of the book.
Resoli-cil, 2. That William A. Gilbert did cast his vote
. on the Iowa land bill, depending heretofore before tbia
i Congress, for a corrupt consideiation, consisting of seven
square miles of land and some stock given or to be given to
him. , ,
Resolved, 3. That William A. Gilbert, a member of
this House from New Yoik, be forthwith expelled from tliia
House. HENRY WINTER DAVIS.
JAMES L. ORR.
HIRAM WARNER.
DAVID RITCHIE.
Pending tho reading,
Mr. WATSON (interrupting) said: I would
like to inquire whether that is evidence, or simply
a report of the committee >
The SPEAKER. It is a report ofthe commit-
tee. & „
Mr. WATSON. I do not find power for them
to report any thins: more than their recommenda-
tion of action. They hove no right to report tha
evidence ifi this jsray. [Loud calls to " Order. ]
T fun keeping order. 1 find that the resolution
constituting the committee is, that they shall
report the evidence, with a recommendation of
action. That is all they can do. I do not u nder-
stand this to be the evidence. I undeist&nu it to
be the conclusion of the committee. I prefer to
draw my ow« sonclusiona. I understand that this
