TO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19,
evidence has been taken in the absence of the
parties implicated. I understand that they have
not met their witnesses face to face, or been per-
mitted to do so.
Mr. ORR. That is not true The gentleman's
information is not correct. The gentleman [Mr.
Gilbert] had the opportunity to meet anil cross-
examine the witnesses,and he declined to do so.
Mr. WATSON. I ask the gentleman from
South Carolina whether this gentleman [Mr.
Gilbert] was summoned to the committee room
when this evidence was taken?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from South
Carolina has not the opportunity to answer at
this time. The Chair understands that the report
is being read for the information of the House.
The reading of the report was then resumed
and finished.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Is the reso-
lution I sent to the Clerk's desk in order at this
time.'
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the report of the committee must be received
to the extent that, upon the subject referred to
them it implicates a member of the House, and is
therefore a subject for action to that extent.
Mr. LETC1IER. I want to understand
whether this report is received and in the pos-
session of the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
tile report, in the opinion of the Chair, must be
received to the extent of implicating a member
of the House on the subject referred to this com-
mittee. Therefore, it is before the House for its
action.
Mr. GROW. The question of order to which
I rose was on that point directly. 1 hold that,
under parliamentary lawj' this committee could
not take testimony after a member of this House
was-implicated, without first coming into the
H ousc and {sowing authority for that puipose.
The abjection I make to the reception of this
report is upon that ground.
The SPEAKER. That la for the House to
determine hy n vote.
Mr. 01*R. Is if to be determined hy ft vote?
Tin* SPEAKER. It ih foi the House to cic-
toiniioc whether or not the committee has gone
beyond its jurisdiction.
Mr. GROW, is (lie question debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is. The question is de-
batable.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Speaker, I will now pro-
ceed to show the parlinmentm-y law whieh con-
trols this case and .sustains the point of order I
have made. Then I will refer to some of the au-
thorities which ! was prevented from reading to
the Hou.se when I was upon the floor before. Jn
Jefferson's Manual, on page (H>, is the following
rak-!
"When a committee ji charged with nn inquiry, if «i
member prove to he involved, Uiey cannot pun eed against
him, tint must make a special report to the House; wheie-
tipoH Uio member is heard in Ins pl.u <•, 01 at the bar, or a
special authority is given to the committee to inquire con-
cerning fiim."
Now, I take it that the gentleman from South
Carolina does not mean to assert that when this
mun Sweeney testified to this transaction, the
committee gave notice to Mr. Gilbert to appear
and confront that witness in his examination in
chief. The gentleman stated that he was noti-
fied. Does the gentleman from South Carolina
mean to &ay that Mr. Gilrfrt was notified when
jMr. Sweeney named his name before the com-
mit tee as a party to a corrupt transact ion, and that
the examination was suspended until Mr. Gil-
BKitr could come before them to answer? The
gentleman stated he was notified and refused to
act. I undertake to state, on the authority of the
member from Now York [Mr. Gilbert] himself,
that he was not notified.
Mr. ORR. I do not exactly comprehend the
gemleimin^g, statement,
Mr. GRmV. The question 1 propound to the
p gentleman from South Carolina is this: Did the
committee, when Sweeney was before them and
gave the name of a member of this House as im-
plicated in a dishonorable trarifcacuon, suspend
Ins examination and notify the member of that
fact, and that lie could appear to confront the
witness*
Mr. ORR, The report which has just been
read ought to rehevs the gentleman's mind upon
that subject; but with a vj^w of enlightening: him
fully upon the point, I propose to say this: The
committee were charged by the House with a
certain investigation, an investigation looking to
combinations of certain of its members. In the
progress of that investigation witnesses were
called; and when one. of them, Mr. Sweeney, im-
plicated one of the members of'this House, the
committee proceeded to take his testimony and
the testimony of such other witnesses as they
found, from the examination or otherwise, was
material to the understanding of the entire case.
When that was done, the committee caused a
complete copy of every portion of the testimony
that was taken aiFectingany member of the House,
to be made out by the clerk of the committee, to
be carried by the clerk to him with a notification
that the party could cross-examine the witnesses
and offer explanatory or contradictory testimony.
That was done in Mr. Gilbert's case. He de-
clined to have us recall Sweeney andTriplett for
the purpose of cross-examination, but he did sub-
mit some testimony with reference to Sweeney's
charactcr. Nothing was done with reference to
Mr. Gilbert that lie was not notified of, and
that he did not have a full opportunity to meet.
Mr. GROW. It was to clear away the doubt
and ambiguity, not only of the gentleman's answer
to the interrogatory of the gentleman from Ohio,
but the ambiguity of the report itself, that I put
the question" distinctly to the gentleman from
South Carolina. The gentleman from South Car-
olina now answers that the evidence of these wit-
nesses was taken before the party accused was
notified. The witnesses stabbed the reputation of
a member by giving their evidence in their own
way, without being confronted with the person
accused. Then the committee notified the ac-
cused, after they had blackened his character,
that he might appear before them and cross-ex-
amfhe the witnesses,wlu> had given theirevidence
in secret. The evidence of Sweeney was taken
on the !Oth of January, and Mr. Gilkkrt was
notified on the 20th of January, 1H57. Now, I
charge upon this committee thut they oxeer ded
their nnthority, nntl have violated the privilege?*
of Che I {oilxe, and the con^titnt tonal rights of jts
members. They have trampled down the p;ir-
1m men tar j' law by this Sin r Chamber proceeding,
to blacken and blast the character of some of their
peeis. The rulem Jellerson's Manual, ju,stated,
and whieh is a part of the rules by which we are
governed, and which is the law by which the ac-
tum of thi.s committee should have been governed
reads thus:
" When a eommitfec is charged with an inquiry of a
member pioved to be involved, lliey cannot proceed against
him, but iitiisf nuke a >peeial i epoit to the IIoiho ; wheie-
tipott tlx* member i^he.-ud in hi-* plnee or at the bai.oi a
imperial nnihoiitj is given to flte eomimffee to inquire con-
cerning him."
Have they mithoiity to inquire in reference to
"William A. (ui.iwurr or any member upon this
floor? Their authority was to inquire, m reference
to combinations. ( will read the resolution which
confers authoiity upon them; for what I charge is,
that this committee ha." exceeded its authority,
violated the privilege* of this House, and the con-
stitutional rights of its members. And 1 charge
that in their pioceeding they have trampled down
all the guarantees and securities of personal lib-
erty. 1 stand here not to talk in behalf of any in-
dividual man, whether implicated or not; 1 speak
not of the case of an individual member; but I
jtlead in behalf of the privileges of the House.
Hie pi i vilegos of the House cannot be waived
by one of its members, and if he waives them he
is liable to censure. The privileges of members
of this House are the privileges of then* constitu-
ents,given to them by the organicand highest law
of the land, not as a personal favor, but as a pro-
tg£ion and safeguard to them as legislators, and
for the security of those they represent. The
committee were charged with this authority—and
nothing else—which appears in the following res-
olution appointing them:
(> Whereas, eeitam statements have bpen made charging
that member* oi tin* Hou-e have entered into comspt com-
bination*. for tne pm po<?r ot passing and preventing the pas-
sage of certain measures dining the piesent Congress, and
whereas a member of thn Hous-e ha- Mated that the article
refeired to < is not wanting in truth Therefore,
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of five mem-
bers, be appointed by the Speaker, with power to send for
person* and papers, to investigate said charges ; and that
said committee report the evidence taken, and what action,
in their judgment, K necessary on the part of the House,
without any nnnenwiary delay."
This is the authority given to that committee.
If, in their inquiries whether there be such com-
binations, it should appear that an individual
member is involve^, what does the parliamentary
law require? They cannot proceed, when the
name of an individual member is brought before
them, without coming into this House and ob-
taining its authority to proceed in investigating
the transactions of that member. A Star Cham-
ber sits under your Capitol,with closed doors; and
summons profligates from the streets to blacken
the character of your members, trampling down
the safeguards and protections that are given to
the meanest criminal at the bar of a criminal court
.—the privilege of being confronted with the wit-
nesses against him, and meeting his accusers face
to face. 'This Star Chamber, with its closed doors,
after it has summoned its profligates to blacken the
character of members, then, forsooth, givesa copy
of the testimony to any member implicated, and
offers to permit him to call the witnesses back to
reexamine them. Now, we deny that this man,
Sweeney, turned out by your Doorkeeper because
of his profligacy, is entitled to credit any where,
and the testimony of his neighbors is that they
would not believe him under oath. Still this com-
mittee were ready to take the evidence of this prof-
ligate against the sworn statement of one of your
members. It is a proceeding unheard of and
unknown in this Republic. For the first time in
the history of the Republic has a Star Chamber
attempted to try, by a packed jury, with packed
witnesses, a compeer of the judges. For the first
time are legislators here to be slabbed in the dark,
and that, too, by their compeers sitting as a jury,
to protect the character of their witnesses.
I desire to read a little of this testimony. Mr.
Sweeney is on the stand. It is alleged that a con-
tract isentered into—about what? Anythingpend-
ing before Congress ? No, sir. Anything which
ever has been pending before Congress ? No, sir.
This committee go outside of their authority, and
rake up a menial and a profligate, and bring him
to their Star Chamber, and question him — about
what' Anything they wcic authorized to ask
about? They inquireuboutnolhmg whieh is pend-
ing before Congress, but in reference to a book res-
olution which he swore never was offered, and
which has never been attempted to be offered.
Here is one question put to this witness by one of
the committee, to which I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House. His evidence is under oath;
and he tells your committee that if they will put
their question in the right way they will draw
something out of him, but unless they do, he will
not answer. He goes upon the stand sworn to
tell the truth, and the whole truth, and he tells
your committee, in the face of that fact, that he
will not say anything unless the question is put
in the right way. Mr. Warner questions this
witness, and tells him that it is due to other par-
ties who have testified before the committee, and
therefore he asks the question; the Star Chamber
corroborating witnesses and protecting their char-
acter, while they assail the chamctcr and the
integrity of the legislative body to which they
belong1
Now, sir, I charged that thecommitteeexcceded
its authority. I have shown it from the resolu-
tion of their appointment, and from their ques-
tions to the witnesses. I charge that they have
violated the privileges of tins House by proceed-
ing to inquire, when a member is involved, before
getting authority from the House to make such
inquiries.
[ Mr. QUITMAN. I desire to know of thegen-
j tleman from Pennsylvania, as a matter of interest
| to the House, from what source he procures the
! testimony to which he has referred ?
Mr. GROW. I hold m my hand the copy of
the testimony which was served upon Mr. Gil-
bert by this committee some eighteen days after
j it was taken.
j Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to interrupt the gen-
tleman for a single moment.
Mr. GROW. If I yield to one for a moment,
I must yield to everybody.
| Mr. RITCHIE. Only one moment. Does my
i colleague decline to yield ? I want him to answer
that question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to say,
that when a member has the floor upon a question
he is entitled to it without interruption; and it is
impossible for a debate to be carried on in this
