1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
House, especially upon such a subject as this, if
every member of the House feels privileged to
interrupt every other member. A member should
rise and state a question of order to the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I would inquire of the
Chair whether, when a member thinks another is
speaking out of order, he cannot raise a question
of order?
The SPEAKER. He can rise to a point of
order most certainly.
Mr. QUITMAN. I should be happy to know
whether the remarks of the Speaker were in-
tended to apply to me ?
The SPEAKER. Not at all. They apply to
the House, and the Chair has repeatedly made
the remark.
Mr. QJJITMAN. I wish merely to make this
remark, that it has been customary, since I have
had the honor of a seat here, to permit gentlemen
to ask questions of members occupying the floor.
If I am out of order in asking a simple ques-
tion 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi was not out of order. The Chair recog-
nized the gentleman, and the inquiry was made
and answered. But upon an occasion like this,
it will be apparent to the gentleman from Missis-
sippi and every other gentleman, that debate can-
not be carried on understanding^ if every mem-
ber rises to interrupt. The Chair stated at the
commencement of this Congress that he did not
favor the practice of interruption, and that it could
only be allowed by unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. I have no idea of consuming
much of the time of the House. I did not rise
for any lengthene&Jiscussion. The state of my
health does not wammt it. I only rose to sustain
the point which I made when the committee pro-
posed to make their report, and to refer briefly
to the authorities on which I rely to sustain my
position.
The second point is, that the committee violated
the privileges of the House, according to the
Manual, which is a partof the law of thisHouse.
In the noted Cilley duel case the committee re-
ported that the privileges of the House had been
violated. They named the men who had violated
the privileges of the House, and proposed action
in reference to them. The House laid that report
on the table, for the reason that the committee had
violated the privileges of the House. That was
a case where it was impossible for the investiga-
tion to go on without involving members who
everybody knew were engaged in the transaction.
Jonathan Ciiley had been shot in a duel. The
House knew perfectly well who were the parties
in it when they ordered the investigation and
inquiry into the cause of the death of Cilley, and
whether the privileges of the House had been
violated. That was their authority. The com-
mittee did as the committee have done in this case
■—save that they did not trample down the com-
mon law, which gives protection to personal lib-
erty. They notified the members inculpated that
they should hold their investigation at a particular
time and place, and that they could appear to meet
their witnesses and cross-examine them. That
notice was given to euch of the parties who were
implicated in their report. This committee, how-
ever, thought it pioper to sit with closed doors,
and to trample down those great safeguards which
American freemen, and freemen the world over,
prize as the bulwarks of their liberty. No man
is to be assailed by a tribunal having authority
to injure his character, whether that tribunal be
legislative or judicial, without being confronted
with his accusers Under this rule of the Man-
ual which I have read, when a committee is
charged with an inquiry where a members' priv-
ileges are involved, they cannot proceed against
liim, but must come into the House, and report
the fact, and then the House gives them author-
ity to inquire as to the matter, or they appoint a
select committee for that purpose, or they hear
the member at the bar.
Now that great safeguard and privilege which
belongs to this legislative body — which belongs
to the constituencies which it represents — not to
them as individuals—is trampled down by this
committee. I stand here, sir, to vindicate the
constitutional rights of individual members — to
vindicate the constitutional rights which the par-
liamentary law gives to those whom they repre-
sent. And I stand here to vindicate the character
of the public servants against the foul calumnies
of base profligates. The full report of the testi-
mony which the committee furnished to these
members shows—what? That there was some
kind of talk between these members and Sweeney
about a book resolution to be introduced into Con-
gress. Jt was never introduced, however. This
witness on the stand swore that he did not know
that Mr. Gilbert was to have one cent. He
swears it distinctly; but his impressions are he was
to have something. This committee press him to
the wall to know his impressions, requiring him to
give what he had heard, instead of what he knew.
I charge upon this committee again that they
have been ready to stab the characters and repu-
tations of members of this House, while they
stood as a wall of fire around the character of the
witness. He was allowed to come in before them,
and confront the witnesses who were to impeach
his character. He could sit there at the various
examinations and cross-examine the men who
assailed his reputation, while members on this
floor were denied that right. It is a proceeding,
Mr. Speaker, unheard of in the history of this
country; and Ged grant that it may be the last of
the kind! If men are to be assailed, let them be
assailed in daylight. If corruption exists in your
legislation, bring it to the public gaze by the rules
which govern you as men and as legislators,
throwing around every man the great safeguard
of the Constitution.
I desire to screen no man from a fair scrutiny
into his conduct; but I do object to this mode of
trial. I voted for all the measures proposed by
the committee, to pursue this investigation thor-
oughly, faithfully, and efficiently. I did vote,
though with great reluctance, for a law they intro-
duced. That law trampled <tewn the great safe-
guard of personal liberty. I voted for it under the
exigency; and when this committee shall have been
disposed of, I shall, if I chance to occupy a seat
on this floor, propose to repeal the parts of that
law which take away from men the securities that
courts of justice give them on the witness-stand.
I voted for the measure under the exigency of the
circumstances, in order to give to that committee
the full and efficient powers which they demanded
of us, to enable them to pursue this investigation,
and ferret out fraud if it existed. But I never
dreamed, sir, that they would ever attempt to
ferret out fraud and corruption and wrong, by
trampling on justice and right and the securities
of personal liberty.
Mr. Speaker, I have stated that this proceed-
ing is without precedent; and I desire to make
one remark on that point. Congress, in all its
investigations, if members were involved at all,
have named, in the authority given to the com-
mittees, the names of members so implicated, or
they were to inquire into a certain transaction.
That was the special authority under which they
were to act, and under it they have notified the
members implicated, that they might be present
when evidence was taken against them. But
here the committee, without such notice, have
undertaken to sustain their report on evidence of
a witness contradicted by the testimony of a mem-
ber of this House—impeached by the open, direct,
and plain declaration of his neighbors, that he is
not to be believed under oath; and by the decla-
ration of a man whom he names here as a party
in this transaction—one of them being Mr. Chase,
of New York, He stands before this committee
impeached by all the testimony, except as to the
fact to which Mr. Triplet! swears. This contract
was drawn up m his own handwriting. It was
made payable to Sweeney. The money was to
be paid to Sweeney; and "Sweeney swears that he j;
does not know that Mr. Gilbert was to have a
cent. He could only give Ins impression. Gil- j'
Bert's name does notappearin the contract at all. j:
Now, sir, die point which I made on this report,
is the point that was made in the Cilley duel case ;
by Mr. Robertson, of Virginia, by John duincy <■
Adams, of Massachusetts, by Millard Fillmore, |.j
of New York, and by a host of other eminent I
men of the Republic. John Gluincy Adams de- j'
clared that the committee in that case had them- 1
selves been guilty of a greater violation of pnvi- I'
lege than that which they were inquiring into, and j!
that they ought to have a committee to investigate i
their conduct. Millard Fillmore declared that the '•
report ought not to be received, and ought not to ji
beprinted. Why? Because, he said, it was com- i
posed of ex parte testimony, taken in the absence
of the party accused; because it was trying a man
for a criminal offense without his having an op-
portunity of hearing the testimony. In that case
the committee notified every member that he could
appear before the committee.
| Mr. ORR. Was not that report ordered to be
I printed ?
j Mr. GROW. I read from the Congressional
] Globe, volume 6, page 321. I have not the time
nor strength to descant further upon any of this
testimony, taking it up as a lawyer would take it
up, and sifting it. I shall not do that. Eut I call
the attention of the House to this one fact: There
is no evidence implicating the member from New
York, save the evidence of this man Sweeney,
who was discharged by the Doorkeeper of this
House for his profligacy, and of this man Trip-
let!, who was discharged from the Pension Office
for malfeasance in office. This is the testimony
upon which this committee stand to blast the
character of a member of this House. Sweeney
and Triplettare the only men who have made any
reference to Mr. Gilbert at all. The copy of
the testimony which has been furnished to this
member from New York contains only the testi-
mony of these two men. Triplett does not say
that he knows Mr. Gilbert was to receive one
dollar. Sweeney says he does not know thatMr.
Gilbert was to receive one dollar.
Triplett says that, from the general reputation
of Congress, he was satisfied that nothing could
be gotten through this House unless it was bought
through. This was the man whom the committee
took to their bosoms to blast the reputation of
Congress. He declares to the committee that
Congress is so corrupt that nothing can be gotten
through Congress unless it is bought through;
but he does not know that Mr. Gilbert was to
receive any compensation. It was only his im-
pression that such was the fact.
| But, again, this contract was made between
: Triplett and Sweeney, and not between Mr. Gil-
i bert and any other man; and I submit that the
j reasonable supposition is that Sweeney himself
i was to be the beneficiary of that contract. Ilia
i name was in it upon its face, and he must impli-
j cate somebody, judging from his character as far
] as it is known to me. I say it is a fair supposi-
, tion that he was to receive the money from Trip-
lett, and that Mr. Gilbert was to receive nothing
in the transaction, and never made any contract
, in reference to the matter whatever. Sweeney
[ came to Triplett and represented that he wanted
■ this written contract. Neither of the witnesses
knows or pretends to know that Mr. Gilbert was
to receive any money in case the resolution pass;
and no such resolution was ever offered in Con-
gress at all.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania one question; that is, where
did he get his authority for saying that Mr. Trip-
lett was turned out of office for malfeasance ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that during
this discussion I shall object to any interruption
or questioning by members.
Mr. GROW. The other part of this testimony,
upon which the committee rely, is about the Iowa
railroad. Who is the witness—Sweeney. What
does he say? That Gilbert told him in the street
that he was to have seven square miles of land and
some stock for voting for that railroad bill. Sir,
who believes it? If there is any man in this House
who believes it, he has more credulity than I have.
Tlie Iowa railroad would not have much land to
build railroads with, if they dealt it out in that
way. Does any man here suppose that a gentle-
man would voluntarily place in the possession of
another person information that would send him
to the penitentiary and blast his reputation for-
ever? It is like men I have seen in my piactice
in the courts — though it has been very brief—
who are giving Suie's evidence, where the wit-
ness declares that another voluntarily told liim
what would, if believed, make him infamous, and
consign him to the dungeon for years. Sir. does
any one suppose that a member of Congress would
volunteer information that would blast his repu-
tation ? But this witness says that Mr. Chase was
the person with whom the contract was made.
Now, sir, Mr. Chase swears that it was not
made.
Mr. ORR, How does the gentleman know
that ?
