768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 19.
Mr. GROW. I will modify what t have stated,
and will say, that if I am correctly informed,
Mr. Ciiase swears that no such contract was
made; and I shall take it for gmntcd that such
\fras the fact, unless some member of the commit-
tee states otherwise.
Mr. ORR. Mr. Gilbert did not call Mr. Chase
to contradict it.
Mr. GROW. There is another fact which ap-
pears in this testimony which strikes mc as a
little singular. In the inquiries of the committee
about these railroads, why did they confino their
questions to these three roads—the Iowa, Wis-
consin, and Michigan roads ? There were roads
iti Florida, Alabama, and Mississippi, which
were also before the House, and why did not
they extend their inquiries to these roads?
Now, sir, I make 110 charge as to the motives
of this committee; but I say, as I said in the out-
set, that they have been derelict in their duty;
first in exceeding the authority given them by
the House, and next in violating the privileges
of the House and trampling down the constitu-
tional rights of its members.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I think this House
lias some reason to be surprised 
Mr. ORR. If my colleague on the committee
will allow me, 1 desire to know precisely what is
the question before the House?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that,
under the icsofution authorizing the appointment
of the committee, it is competent for the House
to receive, as a matter of privilege, the report of
the select committee so far as it goes to implicate
a member of the House. It is for the House to
determine what action they will take upon it.
Mr. ORR Is it necessary that a motion should
be made to rcccive the report?
The SPEAKER. The report is already re-
ceived to that extent.
Mr. ORR. Then the question is now as to the
disposition of it?
The SPEAKER. It is for the House to de-
termine what action shall be taken. It is com-
petent for the committee to report f he facts elicited
by them to the extent that a member is implicated,
but not to go beyond that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then the ronort
is received, no objection being made; I now move
that it he printed.
The SPKAKKR. That morion is in order.
Mr. GIJOW. I object fu (Sir rrtVj>tinh (>(' flm
report. My point of ouler is against its ie< epnon.
It is, that by making thi-5 repoit the eonmutfeo
exceeded its autlioriiy. They had mi authoufy
to make any such report.
The &PKAKKK. The Chair thinks it is com-
petent for the ronimiftee to investigate ibis sub-
ject, and report to the House. They have inves- i
tigated it, and reported that sueh and such are '
the facts, in (heir judgment, and that such and j
such members are'impliiMted.
v Mr. GEOW, Does that include the testimony
m this case >
The bPhjAlCniR. The Chair does not under-
stand it as testimony, but the grounds upon
which the committee state to the House that a
member is implicated. It is for the House to
determine what action is to be taken.
Mr, GROW. Does that include anything more
than the resolution upon which the House is to
&<*t ? i
Iho SPlSAKFiR. The Chair will again state :
that it includes the fact that the committee have !
investigated^ the subject referred to them, an,] !
report that, in their judgment, a member of the j
lloiiite ib implicated in the general matter diaraed. I
j.evond that no order is taken. I
ylr.GUOW, The House can order the report 1
IT?>',od or not. as it pleases. 1
The SPi-wYKER. It can. j
JUr. DA\ lS,ot Maryland. Then the report is i
received^ and the motion now is to print. !
_ Alr.Oivk. 1 do not understand that the report i
29 received.
The SPEAKER.
stated.
Mr. ORR. Then i suggest to my colleague
to move that the entire report be received and
printed.
Mr. GROW, f move to lay that upon the
It is received to the extent i
table
Mr. ORR. The gentleman has not the floor to
make that motion.
|| Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, we
I have been discussing: here something or nothing:.
J! The motion is to receive the whole report and
l! order it to be printed. 1 understand that the gen-
ii tlctnan from Pennsylvania was arguing the pro-
1 pnety of the reception of the report, and objected
: that the report was beyond the jurisdiction of the
| committee; and then, forgetting that a question of
! jurisdiction excludes the party from going into
' the weight or character of the evidence taken, lie
has indulged the House in an elaborate disqutsilion
1 on the character of the evidence, the character of
the witnesses, the style of the examination, and
the justice of the conclusions of the committee.
And because the honorable gentleman differs from
the committee in the conclusion they liave drawn,
he logically deduces the conclusion that the House
should not be allowed to judge on that point. As
to the question of a trial having taken place be-
foie any tribunal, the suggestion is as accurate as
the one that preceded it. The committee have
not pretended to place any man on trial. They
have done what this House ordered them to do—
a task they would most cheerfully have washed
their hands of; but, when tliey assumed it, they
resolved that it should be done, and not avoided.
They tiave, sir, examined as to whether there are
combinations among members of a corrupt char-
acter, tending to corrupt the source of law in the
United States. That was ordered by the resolu-
tion for which this House voted almost unani-
mously.
They have done another thing that the House
ordered. They have taken the testimony and
reported it to this House. Is it said, because that
testimony tends to implicate one member, that
thetcforc it cannot bo reported? Then I suppose
we might, hnve saved ourselves the trouble of
ordering the investigation, and the still greater
folly of ordering the committee to report what the
House would afterwards not allow them to report.
| Ss that the argument of the honorable gentleman?
| Then are they to stop with a .ttc report of the
evidence? And is that the only portion of this
j report which the House can recognize ? The
; resolution under which we act says that we shall
report to the House what action onits part,in our
j judgment, is proper to be taken. As to what we
' shall report there is no limitation except our judg-
ments. The House may or may not ngrre with
that judgment, but we dare not report to the
House anything but our judgment. It may be
i.itioii.il or irrational; just or unjust; but to the
extent of our judgment we aie bound to report.
' 'Die charge of the gentleman is not that it is not
our judgment, hut that the judgment id wrong.
Perhaps "entlemen can judge of tJie logical con- !
elusion of the honoiabiegentleman as to the pro- '
pnety of the report fioin that statement of his |
argument. j
Well, sir, he says ill addition that this report i
shall not be received, because it is made by a I
]larked court with packed witnesses. A singular !
compliment to the distinguished, and able,"and ;
honest gentleman who presides over this body ! J
Kor, sir, if it be packed, you packed it; and if we |
have packed witnesses we did it as the persons ■
you appointed for that purpose. It is due, in a I
c haige ot that kind, that the honorable member i
shou'd do something else than merely suggest
that the committee was packed; and until ho shall
do it, I shall pass it by with no other remark than
that 1 treat the suggestion upon your behalf, Mr.
Speaker, as well as upon my own, with utter con-
tempt. [Cues of "Good!"]
I hen, sir, we aie m the line of the duty marked
out by the resolution under which we acted. Are
we to report it or not? Were we sent on a child's ;
en and to hunt about in the dark for conspiracies, I
and then to conceal the conspiracy when it was !
discoiered? Or may we report fifty members, |
and not one ? Or is there something m the number i
"Jour" which this committee may submit, ma i- ;
cal in its power which prevents the report? Or^if '
we aie to inquire about combinations, and those !
combinations exist, are they combinations of i
ghosts or combinations of men outside of this
Hall, in the lobby, or combinations of members j
of this House; and if there are combinations !
here, may we not state the evidence of which the i
combination is composed ? And are the eyes of
the House blinded and their lips sealed to these
S'. , tha House sent me upon any such
•had g pia7) the-y mistook their instrument; and
if they supposed that I was to examine witnesses
and not to report to this House, they mistook
their instrument again; and if they supposed that
any such attack as has been made on the pro-
ceedings of the committee can in the slightest de-
gree affect my judgment or my action before this
House, they have made a still greater mistake.
1 came, sir, upon this committee with no private
purpose to subserve, entiiely in the dark as to
upon whom the burden of the investigation might
lie. It has fallen near to my personal friends. I
resolved that I would know nothing except the
hare fact that an individual, be. his relation to
me or any other what it might, was implicated
by evidence; that shutting my eyes to his rela-
tions, and remembering only that I am charged
herewith the purification of the Republic, if it be
impure, I would honestly do my duty whatever
might be the consequences, even the criticism of
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania!
Mr. Speaker, what are the legal merits of
the objection? I think what 1 have said already
shows that the House cannot proceed a step with-
out receiving the whole report; that they cannot
say that the resolutions are not to be received as
a part of the report, unless they say they are not
our judgment, and I do not understand that that
is suggested. Then, sir, a single word in refer-
ence to the honorable gentleman's comments upon
the testimony. "What that testimony proves,
we have said in our report read this morning.
Whether that conclusion be correct or incorrect,
it is for the members of this House, the honor-
able member included, to decide. We have been
authorized to try no one. We have tried no one.
We were authorized to inquire. We have in-
quired. We have held the position of masters in
chancery, to take the evidence and lay it before
this body. We were ordered so to do. We per-
formed the duty of a master in chancery, and gave
notice to the opposite parties as soon as we saw
that their interests or reputations were involved.
We have done more than such committees here-
tofore have done. We have laid before the parties
implicated a complete copy of the whole evi-
dence relating to them. Nay, we did even mora
than that. When they came before us, we never
dreamed of making a report if they desired to
have witnesses examined in their presence, and
so stated to them; and they declined to have the
witnesses recalled and examined in their presence.
If, then, they declined to have the witnesses ex-
amined in their presence, could we compel them
to be there to hear them examined over again;
and if not, should the evidence be suppressed
because they did not choose to subject the wit-
nesses to examination in their presence ? And if
they had that power, by simply refusing to attend,
to suppress the evidence, what is this but a farce ?
Then they have nothing of which they can com-
plain.
I shall not now comment upon this evidence.
It may be my painful task hereafter to do it; and
when I do it, I shall do it in a spirit different
from that of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
I shall do it calmly, quietly, and deliberately, aa
a judge, and not as an advocate; endeavoring to
enlighten, not to mislead; m order that a true
deliverance may be made between the Republic
and her children, so that the guilty may be pun-
ished, if they are guilty, and "if not guilty, may-
go forth untarnished before the world.
The evidence, therefore, ought to be reported.
I presume that those gentlemen will be, at the
proper time, put upon their trial before this House,
0.1 the evidence taken on their part as well as
upon the port of tne House-— the prosecutor ill
this case. They had an opportunity to have
their evidence before the committee. They have
examined witnesses—witnesses, some to fact, and
some to character. All that evidence is spread
upon the general report, and will be duly sub-
mitted to the House.
The only question, then, which the House will
have to pass upon will be, whether, upon that
evidence so taken, they will found an additional
investigation, which, at this stage of the session,
is equivalent to saying that they will cover up
what the committee have discovered, or whether
they will pass their judgment upon the weight of
that testimony, and say whether the resolutions
reported by the committee as to the facts found
are true, and whether the last, which fixes the
punishment, tie right. If any gentleman differs
