THE
saS*
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1857.
New Series No. 49.
from the committee in judgment, all that gentle-
man has to do is to offer his substitute for tlje
resolutions, and he can get his view upon the
matter platfed upon record, and the sense of the
House upon it.
I deny thaj.we have tried anything; I deny that
we have pronounced any judgment; I deny that
we have done a single thing which we could
refrain from doing under the order of the House,
directing us to report what action, in our judg-
ment, is neccssary on the part of the House.
As to the clause which has been quoted from
the Parliamentary Manual: in the first place, an
examination of the authority quoted by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania shows that the
authority itself was wholly misconceived in the
Original parliamentary reports; but it is known
to gentlemen here, that the practice of the Amer-
ican Congress — the correct foundation for its
, further practice — has always been such as the
committee has pursued, except that we have laid
before the parties written copies of the evidence,
whereas other similar committees Have only
allowed the parties to come in and read the
evidence.
I submit, therefore, that the report must be
received, and, as the necessary, natural conse-
quence, it should be printed; and I state again,
as I stated when I first rose, what seems to have
been misapprehended on all sides of the House,
that I shall move, when the order to print is
passed, that the further consideration of this
matter be postponed until Monday next. Inow
call the previous question upon the motion to
receive.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would in-
quire if the previous question brings the House
to a vote upon the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
called only upon the question of reception as a
question of privilege; in other words, whether the
report be a report within the province of the com-
mittee to make.
Mr. GROW. Is a motion to lay the report
upon the table in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw my demand for the
fevious question, to allow the gentleman from
ew York [Mr. Bennett] to be heard.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, then addressed
the House at some length, in remarks, which he
has withheld for revision, and which will appear
in the Appendix.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to say that, after
the committee has been heard, and ably heard, by
one of its members, and after they have been so
ably responded to, I can see no good that is to
result from this continuous discussion 
Mr. ORR. I hope my friend from Tennessee
will allow me to make a few remarks, not of a
personal character.
Mr. WAKEMAN. This is a matter of the
gravest importance; and I hope the gentleman
will not call the previous question.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire simply to say,
that I am called away from the House for an hour
or two on business, and if the vote should be taken
before I get back to the House, that if I were pres-
ent I would vote to sustain the report of the com-
mittee. Having said that I will yield the floor.
Mr. GROW. 1 ask whether this is the point
to insist upon, it that this committee has not the
power to make this special report without leave?
■ The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that it.is
not competent for the committee to make a report
jn part, without the special leave of the House.
-Phe question has been submitted on the motion
of the gentleman from Maryland, that the report
of the committee be received as in part, and that
the resolution closing the report be received as
matter of privilege.
Mr. GROW. I understand the Chair to decide
that it cannot be received without the vote of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that the
report is received, so far as it states the facts and
implicates a member of the House. The Chair
49
understands that there is a resolution proposing
the expulsion of a member. The Chair thinks
that that is not within the province of the com-
mittee; but it is submitted on the motion of the
gentleman from Maryland that the resolution be
received, and that the report itself be received as
a report in part, and that the committee have leave
to report again.
Mr. GROW. Can this report be received as a
special report without suspending the rules ?
The SPEAKER. The rules cannot be sus-
pended; but the House can determine whetherit
is a question of privilege. The Chair thinks it is
not a question of privilege within the rule..
Mr. GROW. Then I object to the admission
of this report.
Mr. ORR. I do not propose to detain theHoitSe
more than a few minutes. If I can possibly avoid
doing so, I shall not go into any of the personal
matters that have been introduced into this dis-
cussion— and, I think, very improperly intro-
duced. It is not surprising that the committee
has been arraigned. 1 expected that in all prob-
ability, if I discharged my duty according to my
conscientious convictions, I would be arraigned.
I am prepared for that arraignment. I am pre-
pared for the public to judge of my conduct, when
that conduct shall be known by the publication
of the Journal and of the evidence which the se-
lect committee has taken. The proposition which
the committee makes—and 1 desire the House to
understand it, because there seems to be a strange
fatality on the part of some gentlemen in misun-
derstanding the proposition of the committee—
is, that the report be printed, and that its consid-
eration shall be postponed till Monday next, by
which time, and before which time, the report
and all the evidence can be printed and laid on
the tables of members, that they may examine
them and be prepared to form and to give an in-
telligible opinion.
In reference to the first report that has been
submitted, we are met by a rale of the Manual
which precludes us, it is said, from going into
these investigations so soon as the committee dis-
covers that a member of the House is implicated.
Well, Mr. Speaker, I propose to make this state-
ment, and I challenge any gentleman on the floor
of the House to contradict it. There has never
been in the history of this Government, from its
organization to the present time, a precedent
set in a single%istance different from the course
which the committee has followed. That is point
No. 1, and I desire it to be marked.
The ease of Cilley has been referred to. What
is the resolution in that case ? The resolution
which was offered by Mr. Fairfield, of Maine,
and which was modified, was this:
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of seven mem-
bers, be appointed to investigate the causes which led to
the death of the Hon. Jonathan Uilley, late a member of this
House, and the circumstanecs connected therewith, and
report thereon to the House. And farther, to inquire
whether there has been in the case alluded to any breach
of the privileges of this House ; and that saul committee
have powei to send for persons and papers, and have leave
to sit during the sessions of the House.
The point made on that committee, when it
offered to make its report, was this: that the
House had not instructed them to report any
opinion; that the House had not instructed them
to do anything but to report the evidence, and the
simple fact as to whether the privileges of the
House had been violated.
After disposing of that matter, I desire, Mr.
Speaker, to call the attention of the House to
another fact; and it seems to me most anomalous
that this fact should have been forgotten. I desire
especially to call the attention of the gentlemen
from Pennsylvania and from New York [Messrs.
Grow and Bennett] to it. I dislike exceedingly
to make the allusion; but it is necessary that the
precedent to which 1 am about to refer should go
before the House and the country. It was only
during the last session of this Congress that a res-
olution was moved by my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Campbell] for a committee of inquiry with ref-
erence to my late lamented colleague, Mr. Brooks.
A Member. He is named in the resolution.
Mr. ORR. Exactly; he is named; but the res-
olution goes on and says "and other members."
Pursuant to the authority given by that reso-
lution, the committee, following the precedents
which had been uniformly set in such eases, found,
in their investigation, as they supposed, that other
parties were implicated; and they reported not
only that they were implicated, but they reported
resolutions for the punishment of those members.
Now, there is the precedent which the House
has itself set during the present Congress. We
heard then no virtuous indignation from the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania against the violation
of the rights and privileges of members on this
floor. The point was not made then, because it
could not be successfully made. The committee
discharged their duty by following the precedents;
and in that particular case, I am authorized to
say that so far as one of the gentlemen who was
included under this general description of " and
others," was concerned [Mr. Edmundson,] lift'
was not even notified by the Committee that he «
was implicated in any way whatever, until the
report itself was prepared.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. That gentle-
man was excused.
Mr. GOODE, and others. But you voted for
the resolution to censure him.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I desire to
state that that resolution named a member, and
gave authority as to other members. I under-
stand that the persons accused were present during
the entire investigation, and Mr. Edmundson was
excused by a vote of the House.
Mr. ORR. That does not affect the merit of
this question at all. The committee proceeded,
under that general-authority, to inquire with re-
gard to the conduct of other gentlemen besides
those named, and no exception was taken to it.
Now, what is the phraseology of the Manual ?
It is as follows:
" When a committee is charged with an inquiry of a
member proved to be involved, they cannot proceed against
him, but must make a special report to the House; where-
upon the member is heard in his place, or at the bar, or a
special authority is given to the committee to inquire con-
cerning him."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, took the floor.
Mr. ORR. Does the gentleman desire to make
an explanation ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Only a word.
Mr. ORR. I will yield the floor if I have dons
the gentleman injustice.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is due to the
majority of that committee, that it should be
stated that it was on motion of the committee,
through its chairman, that the person who had
been involved in the resolution originally reported
was released.
Mr. ORR. The resolution passed in the shape
in which I have read it. If there was any par-
liamentary objection to a committee proceeding
after finding testimony implicating a member, it
existed as much in that case as it does in this.
Mr. WALKER. If the gentleman will yield,
I will propound a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can yield
only by consent of the House.
Mr. ORR. If there be no objection, I will
yield to the gentleman.
' Mr. WALKER. Did not the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Bennett] vote to censure the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Edmundson?]
Mr. EDMUNDSON. He did. I have just
consulted the record. - .
Mr. ORR. I have read what the Manual says.
The 139th rule of the House is to this efteet:
" The rules of parliamentary practice comprised in Je.f-
ferson's Manual shall govern the a"
which they are applicable, and m houm"
consistent with the standing rules fuirl orders „  
and jomt rules of the Senate and House of Eepresenta-
lives."
What is the order of this House ? The order
of the House contemplates no other pCTBO s han
members of this House. It has ™phci®nddrect
reference to members, and members only, and the
