1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
in his place and say that the committee had wrong-
fully excluded any evidence, then the House
should refer it back for the purpose of having it
supplied.
Mr. KUNKEL. I have no doubt in regard to
the entire integrity and disposition to be fair on
the part of the committee in this matter. But I
call the attention of the gentleman from South
Carolina to this fact, that instead of reporting the
evidence as it wa« taken, question and answer,
showing the character of the questions propounded
and the character of the answers, and what dispo-
sition is cvinced on the part of the witness to
evade, and shuffle, volunteer, or hold back the
truth' 
Mr. ORR. Let me relieve the gentleman. The
report of the committee is simply a summary.
Accompanying ethe general report, which the
committee intend to submit, is every particle of
evidence—question and answer.
Mr. KUNKEL. I understand that; but the
ideaisthis. It is called a summary. Itisasum-
mary in point of fact. It is the version of the
committee of the bearing and results of this tes-
timony. Now, sir, I am called upon to vote to
receive and publish, and by my vote lend the
authority of the House to the character of this
summary as just to the accused. It goes forth
to the world without the evidence at large. It
receives public comment in the journals^and the
case itself is prejudged by the public upon the
deductions and inferences of the committee. In
this point of view I have this to say: that with-
out imputing to the committee an intention to do
any wrong, yet I do think that the case is quite
too strongly stated in the report against the ac-
cused. I think that for many reasons. Let me
give the House one. It is this: The witness,
Sweeney, is asked as to ihe conduct of the ac-
cused in reference to the Iowa land bill. He states,
in answer to that, that the accused told him at a
certain time, that he did receive some seven square
miles of land, and some stock, in consideration
for his vote for that bill. Mr. Speaker, as part
of this same conversation, the accused is repre-
sented by the witness as saying that he was to
get this land and stock from a Mr. Chase. Now,
1 presume, although I do not know the fact, that
the committee called that Mr. Chase, and bad
a yea or nay answer to that. If they had an
affirmative answer, that he was to get this land
and stock, that should have appeared, as going
to the condemnation of the accused. If, on the
other hand, Mr. Chase says that there was no
land and no stock ever given, or proposed to be
given, then that ought to appear, to show that
the fact of the consummation of the corruption is
negatived, whatever the conversation may have
been.
Mr. WALKER.. Thc.t does not follow.
Mr. KUNKEL. It follows that either the ac-
cused stated what was not true—that he got the
land and the stock from Mr. Chase—or that the
witness stated what was not true. It follows, by
the testimony of Mr. Chase, that the thing was
never done. Either the witness states what is
not true, or the accused stated at the time what
was not true. Ho that the body of the offense—
ths corrupt fact—is not established. The con-
fession was that accused had got the land and
stock from Chase. If Chase negatives that fact,
it plainly shows falsehood or mistake on the part i
of witness or accused. If that testimony was not '
made to appear in this summary, I say it should
have been. It is very material.
Now,my idea is—I will not deal with conver-
sations—I will not deal with what A, B, or C,
at tile street corners, have heard of any member
of the House—I will deal with facts; and if either
of these two facts is established beyond doubt, I
shall vote accordingly. Therefore, 1 say to the
gentleman from South Carolina, that on the ques-
tion of receiving and printing this report I am just
in this predicament: If they will take the facts
as detailed in the evidence as the basis of their
report, I care not to what conclusion they come.
They may append to them their conclusion that
the member has been guilty of corrupt conduct,
and their conclusion that he should for that be
expelled. But I want the evidence to go with the
report. It is but fair and just. The public should
have the evidence itself. I cannot agree as to all
the inferences and deductions of the committee,
give an impartia] judgment I want the facts.
That the public may pronounce justly and truly
they must have the evidence.
Mr. ORR. Let me say to the gentleman that
the evidence will be printed as soon as it is ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER. The evidence is not yet be-
fore the House.
Mr. ORR. Reference is made in the report to
the evidence to be submitted in the general report.
The SPEAKER. That is not covered by the
motion to print.
Mr. ORR. That is true. There is no such
motion before the House, but this is to be followed
by a general report, and the evidence can be
printed at once.
Mr. GROW. I raise a question of order on
the state of facts just presented by the gentleman
from South Carolina. This is a partial report;
and I hold that the committee cannot make a
partial report—that they must make a full report
when they make any.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Is my reso-
lution now in order?
The SPEAKER. It is; but the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has the floor.
Mr. ALLISON. I ask my colleague to yield
to me. I wish to say a few words on this propo-
sition.
Mr. GROW. I yield the floor to my colleague.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I have a very
few words to say on this subject. I believe that
the friends of the accused, or those who ask us
to reject the report now submitted by the special
committee, have committed an error in objecting
to its reception at this time. The House, some
five or six weeks ago, adopted a resolution offered
by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Kelsey,]
and created a committee to investigate certain
charges against members of this House. That
committee lias been in session for some forty
days, and now ask leave to submit the result of
their investigations. At the time the resolution
was proposed to the House, there was some flinch-
ing in some quarters, which I regretted very much
to see, and an effort made, as I thought, to pre-
vent investigation. I was one of those who were
anxious to have this investigation, and who wished
the matter probed to the bottom, whoever might
be affected by it. Charges had been made through-
out the country seriously affecting the honor and
purity of this body—bold, pointed, and specific
charges, to the effect that corrupt legislation had
been procured, and that large appropriations of
money had been secured through corrupt means.
It was felt to be due to the members of this House,
and to the country, that those charges should be
fully investigated; and I am surprised that there
should be anybody opposed to such proposed
investigation.
And, sir, I regretted to see my colleague [Mr.
Grow] take exceptions to-day to this report of the
committee. What would be the position of the
accused member if this report be rejected? The
country will know the facts, and he will be in
the position of an accused party, disgraced, and
without the power to vindicate himself before the
House. What will be the situation of the House
if they refuse to receive the report from their own
committee? They would stultify and disgrace
themselves before the country and the world.
Therefore I wish to see the report received and
ordered to be printed. Then the accused member
can come before this House and the country, and
vindicate himself. Has he not friends here who
will defend and vindicate him, if he is innocent?
Have they not shown a willingness to do it?
Have they not the ability ? Then why this dis-
position to prevent the reception of the report of
the committee? Are they not before impartial
triers? Who of the members of this House, I
would ask, are disposed to do the accused parties
injustice?
I have risen to vindicate the committee, which
has been arraigned here in a very extraordinary
manner for performing the duty assigned to them
by this House. How would we appear before
the country if we determined to pursue the course
suggested by my colleague [Mr. Grow] and the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett ?]
Would it not be said that because this committee
had pushed its inquiries to the extent they have,
and laid open to the gaze of the world things
which many would have preferred to have kept
covered, we now wish Ho suppress, the whole
matter? Would not that be the verdict whieh an
intelligentpeoplewould renderagainstus? Would
we be doing justice to the accused member? In-
deed, gentlemen, by objecting to the reception of
this report, we are rendering the accused member
poor service. The time has gone by when ob-
jections such as have been urged should have
been presented; or if it has not gone by, it has not
yet arrived. And the time to make the kind of
appeal which my colleague [Mr. Grow] has
made is when the report and accompanying evi-
dence are printed, and the accused member is
before the House on the resolution. Then my
colleague might, with some propriety, urge his
objections to the course adopted by the commit-
tee. Let us have their report, and then we can
judge of their conduct toward the accused; but the
present is not the time. The House owes it to
itself, to the committee, and to the country, that
this report should be received. If injustice has
been done to the accused, the time to meet the
qustion is when the resolution is before the House,
for adoption. If, upon full examination, it is
shown that unfair means have been used; if this
committee, in its " Star-Chamber'' proceeding,
so much condemned by my colleague, have been
guilty of any improprieties, then the resolution
will fall, and the accused member be vindicated.
I would go as far as any member to expose im-
proper conduct on the part of the committee, as I
would on the part of any member of this House.
But that committee.must first be charged with
improper conduct before they should be arraigned
and tried here. A stranger coming into this Hall
to-day when my colleague was addressing_ the
House, would have thought that the committee
were arraigned instead of the gentleman from New
York; that it was they who'had committed some
outrage upon law and justice. We owe it to the
House, to the committee upon whom we imposed
the onerous duty assigned them by the resolution,
and to the country, that this report shall be re-
ceived and ordered to be printed; and when that
is done, I hope members will approach this sub-
ject under a full sense of their responsibilities as
Representatives of the people, and as colleagues
of the accused. I trust there is not a feeling in
the heart of any man here which would prevent
him from doing ample justice to the accused. I
hope that members will vindicate their privileges,
the honor of the House, and faithfully discharge
the unpleasant duty which devolves upon them.
Let us not shrink from that duty. If gentlemen
wish to preserve the honor and fair fame of this
House, they must not seek to cover up a matter
of this kind. And let condemnation fall where it
may, let those suffer who may Suffer, they will
suffer only from their own misdeeds, and the
House must not bear any part of that dishonor
and disgrace. It must do this, or it will not be
faithful to itself, faithful to the country, or faith-
ful to the accused.
Mr. BENNETT, of'New York. I desire to
modify the motion I have made.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was in error in
stating that the report had been received in part
by the Chair. Subsequent statements show that
it is a report only in part, and that other reports
are to be made, and the whole question is to be
submitted to the House whether they will receive
this report in part, and therefore the motion to
recommit is not in order at this time.
Mr. GALLOWAY. I concur in the remarks
which have been made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Allison,] and I do not intend
to be placed in a false position before the House
by any equivocal or unwise action of those with
whom I have usually sympathized and cooperated.
It appears to me that this is a very plain question,
and that every gentleman upon this floor who has
participated m this discussion—and especially
those who are kindly disposed towards the gen-
tleman from New'York, [Mr. Gilbert,] can easily
determine how that gentleman should meet the
allegations of the committee, by asking what ha
would desire to be done were he in a similar posi-
tion. If I weie accused, as that gentleman has
been, of official impropriety, and corruption m
my conduct as a member of this House, I would
not only court, but strenuously demand an inves-
tigation. I would urge an immediate and full
trial upon the merits of the case, and not endeavor-
to stave off investigation by quirks, quibbles, and
special pleas, which would better befit th« offic« of
