1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
abstract until to-morrow, that I might have time
to compare its statements with the papers. This
courtesy lie refused me, as will be seen by the
following notes:
Fehruc/ry 20, 1857.
On consultation with my colleague, we think it would be
proper for us to review ttae papers and " abstract" s>ubmit-
led by yourself this morning.
Have you any objections to withholding the printing of
> your "abstract" until to-morrow, that I may compare it
with 5he papers? Please reply. Respectfully yours,
G. N. FITCH.
Judge Trumbull.
February 20, 1857.
Djjar Sir • I would prefer having the abstract of the pa-
pers presented go at once into the reporter's hands, in ac-
cordance with my statement to the Senate. I am not aware
that it contains anything bub a brief statement of the con-
tents of the papers presented., and it would facilitate their
examination bythe committee to have the attract punted.
Very respectfully, L. TRUMBULL.
Dr. Fitch.
The request contained in my note having been
refused, I must either permit the *' abstract" of
th£ Senator from Illinois to go before the Senate
and the public to prejudice my case, having no
time to-day to examine the accompanying volu-
minous papers, or answer the abstract alone, with-
out being permitted time to compare its statements
with the papers. The abstract alleges that a res-
olution of the House of Representatives of Indi-
ana proposed two and a half o'clock, p. m., 12th
of January, as the time for the first joint conven-
tion, and that the Lieutenant Governor, car officio
presiding officer of the Senate, and twenty-six
Senators went into the convention at two, p. m.
The answer is, that the time of the Senate did not
correspond with that of the House, being a half
an hour behind; a fact known to the Senate. The
resolution of the House did not contemplate or ask
the concurrence of the Senate. The convention
was imperative under the State constitution, and
the House resolution merely fixed the hour, and
notified and invited the presence of the Senate.
The abstract admits that twenty-six Senators, a
majority ofa full constitutional Senate, were pres-
entiu that convention, but states that three of them
declared they did not participate in its action. It
is susceptible of proof that they did participate
in its action as much as any other members, rec-
ognized it as a joint convention, and assented to
its adjournment to a future day in accordance with
the uniform practice, precedents, and usage in
that State. The abstract states that twenty-six
Senators who claim to be legally elected members
and to compose a majority of the Senate, were not
present, and did not participate iu the adjourned
.joint convention of Febiuury 4, by which con-
vention a United States Senator was elected. It
can be proved that three of the twenty-six are
not, anu have not been, Senators according to
the constitution and laws of Indiana, and that,
consequently, a majority of all Senators clected
were present and voted at that joint convention
of February 4. The abstiaet further states that,
' on the 2d "of February, at the second meeting
of the joint convention, certain men remained in
the Senate Chamber, called one of their number
to preside over them, and proceeded to expel a
member. This statement, if made as would
appear by the abstract, would for their own
case^have been better omitted, inasmuch as it
requires, by the constitution of Indiana, a two-
third vote to expel a member, and inasmuch as
it contradicts their statement that no business can
be transacted without a quorum of two thirds,
while they admit that twenty-three or twenty-four
Senators were present in the joint convention—
certainly twenty-four on the day of the election
of the United States Senator—February 4. With-
out stating in detail what other circumstances of
law and of fact I shall, with the aid of the legal
and constitutional authorities of Indiana, adduce
in support of my right to a seat here, it may not
he improper at this time to state, that it will be
found on investigation that the election was held
&*n the usual manner and mode of elections for
United States Senators; that the law as it formerly
existed m Indiana was complied with, in the
absence of any existing law or constitutional
provision on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Pitch] asked to be allowed to
make a brie! statement, and the Chair announced
that it would be received if there was no objec-
tion. By general consent, the Senator from Illi-
nois will proceed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President,t>f course
the Senate will allow me now to read the abstract
after what has been said by the Senator from In-
diana. . I presented the papers this morning, and
the Senate will remember, that in a very few
words I stated that they were somewhat volu-
minous, and were in relation to the election of
Senators in Indiana; and, by the permission of
the Senate, instead of taking up its time in stating
the contents of the papers, I would hand to the
reporter an abstract of what they contained, if
there was no objection. Several Senators said
" Agreed !" and I accordingly handed it over to
him. I wish now to read it to the Senate. It was
drawn up merely for the convenience of Senators,
and simply designed to give an abstract of the
papers submitted.
The first paper, marked A, is the journal of
the Senate of Indiana for the whole of their
morning and afternoon sessions on the 12th of
January, 1837, the day fin which the first joint
convention was alleged to have been held, show-
ing that the House sent to that body a resolution j
proposing two and a half o'clock, p. m., as the '
time for counting the votes for Governor and j
Lieutenant Governor; that while considering an j
amendment to it, expressly limiting the duties of ]
the joint convention to that single object, having j
previously laid on the table, by a vote of twenty-
six to twenty-one, a lesolution agreeing to go into ,
such convention, the Lieutenant Governor, at five j
minutes before two, thirty-five minutes before !
the time fixed by the House, left the chair, de-
claring that his connection with the Senate had
terminated, the Sonate still remaining in session,
and endeavoring, by a ca'd of the Senate, to pro-
cure the attendance of absent Senators; and when '
a full Senate again appeared, the House resolu-
tion was taken up, amended to fix a later hour m
the same day, the joint convention to be limited
to the counting of votes; after which the Senate
adjourned.
The paper marked B, appended to this, is the
authenticating certificate of the Secretary and As- >
sistant Secretary of the Senate, under oath, which j
also declares that the Senate did not go into joint
convention with the House on that day, or any I
other day of the session, for any purpose what- ]
ever; and further testifies that the House has not .
sent to the Senate, nor the Senate to the House, '■
any resolution or invitation to go into joint con-
vention at any time, for the election of a Senator
or Senators of the United States; all of which
appears by a complete and careful examination
of the journal of the Senate for the entire session, ,
they being the officers who have it in their official ,
keeping. j
C is the official journal above, showing that, ,
during the alleged joint convention to count the 1
gubernatorial vote, 011 a call of the Senate, twenty- 1
six Senators were absent from the Senate Cham- j
ber. Three of the said twenty-six testify that ,
at the time tke pretended joint convention was :
held for that purpose, they were in the House,
out of curiosity to witness an inauguration, but j
not there in the capacity of Senators, nor did they '
in any manner take part therein. They also de- j
pose that they did not then, nor do they now, j
recognize its legality, nor have they given their ,
assent as Senators to go into any joint conven-
tion during this whole session.
D is the journal of the Senate for the afternoon
of February 2, the date of the second alleged joint :
convention, sworn to by the secretaries thereof, ;
showing that the President left tile chair without ||
a vote of the Senate; that a President pro tempore I!
was called to the chair; that the business of the
body continued till its regular adjournment, j
having in the mean time adopted the report of the ,
Committee on Elections, declaring the seat of \
Leroy Woods vacant, by reason of his having j
accepted another State office, performed its duties, j
and received its salary. j
E is the full journal of the Senate for February j
4, the date of the alleged third joint convention, i
when United States Senators were claimed to be j
elected, sworn to by the secretaries, showing that ;
during the discussion ofa point of order, the Pres- 1
ident left the c[iair; that a President pro tempore '
was called to it in las stead, and that the Senate j
adjourned at five minutes after ten o'clock, a. m. j
F F is the journal of so-called joint convention, 1
showing that only twenty-four Senators voted in
the election of the sitting member, [Mr. Firon,]
and one of those voted blank. ' * " " - •
F is the protest of thirty-six Representatives
against the correctness of the record of the alleged
joint convention of the 4th of February, which
elected United States Senators, and which said
incorrect record was spread on the journal of the
House. The protest declares that neither House •
had agreed on the time, place, and manner of said
elec.tion, and that the said convention was illegal,
unconstitutional, and unparticipated iti by them.
G is a statement of twenty-six of the fifty State
Senators, declaring that they are all legal mem-
bers of the State Senate of Indiana, and compose
a majority thereof; that they were not present
at, and did not in any way participate in, the So-
called joint convention of February 4,1857, -which
elccted United States Senators; that the Senate
had not given its assent at any time to participate
in any way in such joint convention; and that at
the very hour when the so-calle4 joint conven-
tion was said to have assembled, they were all,
except one who was by the bedside of his sick
family, in their seats in the Senate, that body
being in session, transacting its regular business.
Said statement being signed by the twenty-six
Senators individually, and attested by the oafhs
of eacli of them, on the 12th of February, 1857;
the Secretary and Assistant Secretary of the Seri-
ate also testifying under-oath that they are all
members of that body.
H is a protest of twenty-seven State Senators
entered on Senate journal February 5, the' day
after the election protesting against its validity,
duly certified.
That is the abstract of the papers which, in-
stead of reading to the Senate, and so taking up
their time, I said I would hand to the reporter.
The rules of this body require, whenever a mem-
ber presents a memorial or petition, that he shall
state briefly its contents. There is not one word
of argument, and no attempt at any, in this ab-
stract. It was prepared by a friend. I looked it
over and thought it presented a fair statement of
what the papers were, and would save the time of
the Senate. I had no idea of making an argument
or doing anything more than simply make a brief
statement of the papers.
I thought i( proper under the rules to do this.
Can there be any want of courtesy in doing it."
The only reason in the world why I did not make
the statement verbally, was that the Senate was
proceeding with business, and I did not wish to
take up its time. It is not the first occasion, 1
am aware, that when an individual, in trying to
accommodate others, seems rather to have dis-
pleased them.
I will state the object of presenting the papers
to-day. It is very desirable that this case should
be acted on during the present session. I was
informed that the Judiciary Committee meet to-
morrow; and it was important, therefore, that the
papers should be presented to-day; and if the
abstract was of any advantage in looking at the
papers, and enabling parties to see what was in
them, I thought it was important that it should
be printed at once for the benefit of the committee.
The abstract, I hone, contains nothing but what
is admissible. I looked over the papers, and
meant that the abstract should be a fair statement
only of what they contained. "Whether the papers
presented contain a true statement of facts, will
be a question for after consideration, if they are
disputed; but I did think it was proper that they
should be presented now, and for the reason 1
have stated. What object there can be in raising
a question about theabstractorstatementofwhat
the papers contain, I am at a loss to conceive,
unless there be some mistake in it. If there be,
I will at o%ce, and most cheerfully, correct it.
The papers, as has already been remarked, are
somewhat voluminous. The Senate will remem-
ber that one of them is a copy of the journal of
the proceedings of the Senate of Indiana for a
whole day, which covers many pages. A great
deal of the business donerelatesto ordinary legis-
lation, and has nothing to do with the election of
Senators. The whole is sent, I suppose, to make
out a perfect record of the day's proceedings, ant
the abstract was prepared to save the necessity
of examining the whole paper to ascertain what it
contained material to this case. If the statement
of what the papers contain is incorrect, 1 should
