THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
regret it, and would cheerfully correct any error
which might be shown.
I will state also, to show the entire fairness of
the matter, that the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Bright] called for the abstract this morning,
which I readily handed him to examine; and when
the request was made to postpone its publication,
" it seemed to me unreasonable to ask that J should
withhold all knowledge of the papers presented,
^nd that, too, not for the purpose of examining the
papers, but to review my statement of what they
were; besides, knowing that the cermmittee'was
to meet to-morrow, I desired to furnish them the
facilities which the statment would afford in the
examination of the papers.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not understand my col-
league as objecting so much to the presentation of
the paper referred to by the Senator from Illinois,
as to the fact that the Senator refused to give him
time to review the abstract and let his answer go
to the country with it.
I shall not detain the Senate by exposing the
contradictions and absurdities contained in the
papers presented by the honorable Senator this
morning, purporting; to be copies of the proceed-
ings of the two Houses of the Legislature of the
State of Indiana. This will be more appropriate
in the final argument of the case. But as the
effect of the abstract presented by the honorable
Senator this morning, if published and put forth
to the world without a denial, would be to fore-
stall public opinion, and lead the minds even of
Senators to an erroneous judgment, 1 must ask
the indulgence of the Senate long enough to make
one or two corrections. For instance, as my col-
league has stated, one of the papers presented by
the Senator from Illinois represents that the Sen-
ate of Indiana repaired to the Hail of the House
thirty-five minutes before the time appointed for
the adjourned mectiug of the convention. If that
were true, it would present a point, I admit, that
would at least require some explanation; but does
uot the explanation of my colleague place this
matter right? The difference of hnie, and which
is made the important topic of criticism m one of
the papers presented, and which is referred to in
the abstract of the Senator, was the result, no
doubt, of an intentional change of the time of the
Senate clock by ceding the same back.
Further, if the impression were permitted to
go abroad uncontradicted, that leas than a major-
ity of the legally elected Senators were not pres-
ent on the day when this convention met under
a requirement of the Constitution which made
it their duty to meet, it. might weaken my col-
louguc'tt right to a seat here;" hut f apprehend my
colleague will have no difficulty in establishing
the fact that then- ate but forty-seven legally
elected Senators now sitting in the Senate of In-
diana, and twenf.y-six of that mmihej wete pres-
ent on the first day, and twenty-four, with the
presiding officer, on the day the election took i
place. j
Then comes up the question whether, in a !
State having no law regulating, in the language i
of theConstitution of the United States, the time, '
manner, and place of electing Senators, a major-:
ity of both Houses of the Legislature may not
choose a Senator or Senators in any mode they
may agree upon as best calculated to comply
with that clause of the Constitution of the United
States which says, that each State shall choose
two Senators; and on tins point I must say I have
no doubt, nor do I believe a majoutv of this body
will have on a full examination of the law and
facts, and the consequences that will le&ult from
an opposite conclusion.
I understand the Senator from Illinois to be
honoied with the general management of resist-
ance to my colleague's right to a seat here,and I
make no objection to any course that he may see
proper to take, if he will but give ifotice of his
intended movements. I think 1 have aright to
ask thit>; for the turn- is approaching when JTshall
be alike interested in the settlement of this ques-
tion. There would -have been great propriety !
this morning in that honorable Senator having i
stated, either to my colleague or myself, before
presentingthese papers to the Senate, that he had
reviewed them, and was prepared to give his
opinion, or an abstract of what Ins opinion would
be, and that he intended to publish that abstract.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow mc to correct the
Senator from Indiana. I have not given an opin-
ion about these papers; I did not mean to express
any. I merely meant to state what was in the
papers. ~I will say to the Senator from lndiana,
that I was careful not to express an opinion on
them; I merely wished to state what was con-
tained in the papers which I presented.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 apprehend that no one would
read what the honorable Senator states to be an
abstract of his opinion 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not of my opinion, but
of the papers.
Mr. BRIGHT. No one who reads the abstract
he has prepared will doubt that in the Senator's
opinion the papers he presented here this morning
are true. I apprehend the Senator will state that
he intended, by preparing this abstract and asking
for its publication, to convey to the world the
idea that the papers he presented contained noth-
ing but the truth.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Of course I supposed they
were true, but I did not say so.
Mr. BRIGHT. Hence, I think it was proper
that my colleague should have an opportunity of
replying to the points made by the honorable
Senator. 1 am surprised that he should have
denied this courtesy. I did not intend, however,
in rising, to enter complaint against the honorable
Senator for what he has done, but to make a
single request. It i-s undei stood that he has had
this case under his special charge; indeed it is
understood that his counsel has had much to do
with controlling and bringing the case to where
it is, and I hope that he will, in future at least,
give my colleague or myself notice of his intended
movements. That, I think, I have a right to
expect and request.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 'I merely wish to say to
the Senator from Indiana that I have no desire to
take any steps in ugard to this case without
I proper notice; and so far a  my having charge of
\ it is concerned, I will state that the papers were
j handed to me, and I presented them as I would
,i papers coming hom the legislative authority of
any Slate questioning the legality of the election
!j of its Senators to tins body.
!j As to my getting up the papers, although it has
i nothing to do with the question here, the Senator
is laboring under a misapprehension. I knew,
an the country did, of these difficulties; have con-
versed with the gentleman who brought the first
papers here, and with others from Indiana, about
the matter; but the papers were not prepared
under my superintendence, though, when placed
m my hands for presentation to the Senate, I con-
! sidered it my duty to lay them before the Senate
| with a statement of their contents, and ask to have
; them leferred to the appiopn.Ue committee.
j PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
! Mr. IIUNTER submitted the following reso-
| lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
; sent, and agreed to:
] Rcsolrcd, That the memonal and papers of the rcpre^ent-
[ attvesoi llolieit B. Caitei lie withdi.uvn tiom the tiles ot the
i Senate, and ictVrred to the Court ot Claim*.
] On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, it waa
j Ordered, That Letty Gngg.s have leave to withdraw her
i petition ami papeis.
j BILL INTRODUCED.
| Mr. PUGH asked,and by unanimous consent
j obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 017) to
| prescribe the time and manner of electing Scna-
j tors in Congress, and the form of their creden-
i tials; which was read twice by its title, referred
! to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
! to be printed.
I PACIFIC RAILROAD.
| Mr. GWIN, in pursuance of previous notice,
; asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill (S.
No. 618) to authorize and facilitate the construc-
tion of a northern, a southern, and a central
Pacific railroad and magnetic telegraph through
the territories of the United States; which was
read twice.
Mr. GWIN. This is precisely the same bill
that was passed two years ago by the Senate.
As there has been a select committee appointed
at this Congress who have reported on the sub-
ject, I move to lay the bill on the table for the
present, and ask that it may be printed. I have
some hopes of getting it up.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was
agreed to; and it was ordered to be printed.
PUBLISHING BY CONTRACT-
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of disposing bj contract, alter
advertisement, and upon the best tonus, of the copyriglitot
such memoirs, narratives, and books written by officers or
agents of the Government acting under its orders, as either
Ilouse of Congiess may dnect, to lie published, upon con*-
dxtion that the pnbh.-dicr shall furnish the usual number of
such documents for the use of Congies*, arid upon <?uch fur-
ther conditions, should the value of the copynirht justifyit,
as may be deemed proper and Mutable for the benefit ofthe
authors ot such works and of those who collected the mate-
rial.
RESTRICTION ON FRANKED DOCUMENTS.
Mr. HUNTER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
so hunting the amount of printed matter circulated tree of
pontage m the mails), as to restnet the right of members of
Congress tofranksueh matter,to the annual message of the
President of the United States, with the accompanying doc-
! uments, the annual reports of the Secretary of the Trcas-
j ury upon the finances and upon commerce and navigation
| and to speeches and letters of members of Congress printed
foi cnculation.
JUDGE LECOMPTE, OF KANSAS.
Mr. PEA.RCE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Retolved, That the President be lcquestcd to communi
cato to the Senate, copies of any letter* icceived by hun or
by the Attorney Gencial of the United States, from Samuel
I), becompte, chief ludge ot the Teintoiy of Kansas, ex-
planatory ot his judicial conduct in said Territory.
INDIAN AGENCY IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. GWIN submitted thefollowing resolution;
which was -considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause to be
laid befoto the Senate, at as early a day as practicable,
copies of all correspondence between the Depaitments of
the Interior and Tiea&urv, and lidwaid F.' Beale, late super-
intendent of Indian nfiair* iti California, from the tune of
his appointment to that office; also copies of all accounts
of remittances of money to lnm, and the mstiuctions m
relation to the same; aho copies of all the accounts and
vouchers Mibnnttcd by t-aid PeaJe, for the disbursement of
monev in and on account of ln-> :-aid office, and copies of
the exceptions and otheraetion taken by the Commissioner
of Indian Aflair.s to the same, and the action of the ac-
counting officei s of the Trea«.m v in leviewing the action of
the Oomnn>sionor of Indian Aftairs on j-aid accounts; also
the action ot the tJecietary oft he Interior, and the Secretary
ot the Treasury, together with copie* of any correspondence
between them in relation thoieto,and all leports, opinions,
letters, and other eominumentionsonfilem the Departments
above named, having any refeicnce to the subject.
Mr. WELLER. I would suggest to my col-"
league that a very considerable portion of this in-
formation has been communicated to the Senate,
and already printed.
Mr. GWIN. I will amend the resolution by
inserting the words " not heretofore transmitted
to the Senate."
The resolution as amended was adopted.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the credentials of the
Hon. John R. Thomson, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of New Jersey for the
term of six years, commencing on the 4th of
March, 1857; which were read, and placed on the
files.
MARY B. WINSHIP.
Mr. CASS. I wish to ask the indulgence of
the Senate to take up a bill which has been per-
haps passed over somewhat by negligence. It is
a small pension bill for the relief of the widow of
a very distinguished officer, who died and left his
young family entirely destitute. I ask the Sen-
ate now to take up House bill No. 367.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 367) for the relief of
Mary B. Winship, widow of Oscar F. Winship,
the object of which is to place her name on the
pension roll, at the rate of fifty dollars per month,"
from the 13th of December, 1855, for and during
her natural life.
Mr. CASS. The report accompanying this
bjll shows that the husband of this lady was a
distinguished officer of the Army, who contracted
disorders in the Mexican war which led to his
death, and left his wife and children without any
means at alb
