J657.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
MRS. CHRISTINE BARNARD.
Mr. IVERSON, Following the example of
the distinguished Senator from Michigan, whom
the Senate indulged a few moments ago by taking
up and passing a bill for the relief of the widow
of a distinguished officer of the Army, I ask the
Senate to grant to me, or rather to the'beneficiary
of this bill, a similar indulgence, by taking up the
bill (S. No. 413) to continue the pension of Mrs.
Christine Barnard, widow of the late Brevet Ma-
jor Moses J. Barnard, of the United States Army,
who died from wounds received in battle. It is a
very peculiar case. She is a woman who has been
left without any means, dependent entirely upon
the little pension she has derived from Congress.
She has a family of children, one of whom is par-
alyzed, and she has to pay eight dollars per month
for a servant to attend to the child. Her pension
is only twenty dollars a month, and it expires oa
the 1st of July; so that, unless it be renewed, she
wiH be left entirely helpless, with nothing to sup-
jjbrt herself and her children. Unless the bill be
passed to-day or to-morrow, it stands no chance
whatever to get through the House of Represent-
atives. It is a very peculiarly hard case, and I
trust the Senate will consent to take up the bill
and pass it. It is a bill which has been reported
from the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WADE. I do not rise to object to the
consideration of that bill now; but I suggest
whether it would not be better to proceed at once
to consider for a while such private bills as give
rise to no objection, and go through the Calendar
in that way. Weshall reach this bill very soon,
and probably all the rest of the private bills.
There are a groat many House private bills which
are very meritorious, involving small amounts,
to which nobody can have any objection, that
stand a great chance of being lost unless we em-
brace this opportunity to proceed to their consid-
eration and pass them.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection to that,
which is the regular course.
Mr. RUSK. Allow this bill to be passed first.
Mr. WADE. Very well; andthenl will make
the motion which I have indicated.
Mr. IVERSON. I hope we shall pass this
bill at once. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S. No.
413) to continue a pension to Mrs. Christine Bar-
hard, widow of the late Brevet Major Moses J.
Barnard, of the United States Army, was read a
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. Itdirects the Secretary of the Interior
to continue heron the pension roll at her present
rate of pension, from and after the 4th of July,
1857, when her present pension will expire; the
pension to be held by her or her children, in
accordance with the existing laws in reference to
the widows anA'children of those who died from
wounds received or contracted during the Mex-
ican war. Brevet Major Barnard was twice
wounded in the battle of Chepultepec.
Mr, IVERSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs agreed to report an increase of ten dollars
a month, making the pension thirty dollars,
owing to the peculiar condition of Mrs. Barnard
and her children. I move this amendment by
direction of the Committee on Military Affairs:
Strike out the words " at her present rate of pen-
sion," and insert "at the rate of thirty dollars
per month."
The amendment was agreed to; the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in. The bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
, Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of such private bills as shall
not be objected to.
Mr. WELLER. There are a very large num-
ber of private bills; and I think it would be better
to-day to take up those bills which have originated
in this body. There will be no difficulty in pass-
ing the House bills. They have been considered
there and here,by our committees; and even at the
last htmrs of the session we can dispose of a large
number of those House bills. In order to get any
action at all in the House of Representatives on
the Senate bills, however, we had better dispose
of those bills to-day. I therefore suggest that we
take up those private bills which have originated
in this body that may not give rise to discussion.
Mr. WADE. It seems to me that we can get
through, in the course of an hour and a half, all
the bills which are not objected to, both those of
the Senate and those ofthe House of Represent-
atives. I admit the propriety of passing the Sen-
ate bills first; but I think they can all be gone
through with in the course of two hours, at all
events.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate take up the Cal-
endar of private bills, confining their attention to
those bills which do not elicit debate.
Mr. GEYER. I move to amend that motion
so as to take up the Senate bills first.
Mr, RUSK. The statement is, that we shall
be lijtcly to get through them all.
Mr. GEYER. We can take up the Senate
bills first and the House bills afterwards.
Mr. WADE. 1 will accept that modification.
My object is to get through with the Private Cal-
endar.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved to
proceed to the consideration of the Senate bills
on the Private Calendar which may not give rise
to debate.
Mr. WELLER. The Chair cannot entertain
a proposition of that sort—that a bill cannot be
debated. The Senate has no previous question.
That can bo the understanding of the Senate; but
I think a motion of that kind cannot be enter-
tained.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands it is in the power of the Senate to
control its own business as it sees proper. If it
be part of the motion, it will be put.
Mr. WELLER. I object to any motion which
will prevent me from discussing any question.
I hold that it is not within your power, under the
rules of this body, to prevent me from discussing
any bill I desire. That is the introduction of the
previous question.
Mr. CLAY. As I understand the motion of
the Senator from Ohio, it is, tha^if any objection
be made to the passage of a bill, so that it is to
be debated, we shall not consider it, but pass it
over and consider only such bills as give rise to
no debate.
Mr. WADE. That is what I mean. Since I
have had a seat on this floor, we have acted on
such a rule. It does not preclude debate; it only
postpones or passes over informally a bill which
any Senator sees fit to debute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on the motion to take up the
Senate bills on the Private Calendar.
The motion was agreed to. -
NATHAN SCHOLFIELD.
The first private bill on the Calendar was the
bill (S. No. 39G) reported from the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office for the relief of
Nathan Scholfield.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let that bill be passed over.
It will certainly be debated.
Mr. PUGH. All extensions of patents will be
debated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be laid aside. j
WILLIAM HEINE. I
The next bill-on the Calendar was (S. No. 400) j
for the relief of William Heine; which was read t[
a second time, and considered as in Committee .!
of the Whole. _ _ I
It proposes to allow William Heine three dol- J
lars a day for his services as artist to the Japan ,|
expedition, deducting ihe amount already re- ;!
ceived by him as master's mate. j;
Heine entered and served as a master's mate, f
under Commodore Perry, on the Japan expedi- '
tion, from August 1, 1852, to April 25, 1855.
While thus employed, he performed the duties of j
artist to the expedition, and in that capacity pre- ,
pared very many of the illustrations of the report,
of the work called for by Congress. During the |
whole of his service in the capacity of master's :
mate, as'appears from papers from Commodore i
Perry and Lieutenant Maury, he " was exclu-1
sively employed as the principal artist of the ex- |
pedition, in which capacity he evinced superior I
talents, and elicited, the entire approbation of the
commander, of the expedition; and, since hjg'
return to the United States, has been " of great
service to the hydrographical work of the expe-
dition, in sketching headlands, topography, "&c.,
and in drawing and superintending.the-publi<Sa-
tion of the illustrations to the report on the.sapie.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
"reading, read the third time, and i
EXPEDITION IN SEAfcCH OF DR. KANE.
Mr. FISH. The next bill in order on the
Private Calendar, as it stood a short time ago,
was the joint resolution No. 32. It was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Naval Affairs in
order to correct a mistake, and by that recom-
mittal it has lost its former place on the Calendar.
At the time I reported it back, I asked the Senate
to allow it to be put on the Calendar in its original
order. It now stands No. 596 in the order of
business. It is a joint resolution authorizing the '
Secretary of the Navy to pay to the officers and .
seamen of the expedition sent-in search of Dr.
Kane, the same rate of pay that was allowed the
officers and seamen of the expedition under Lieu-
tenant De Haven.
Mr. CLAY. I object to that. I do not regard
it as a private, bill. It provides for a class. . ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection being
made, the joint resolution will be passed over.
ROBERT M'CONNELI,.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 401) reported by Mr. Toombs from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, for the relief of Robert
McConnell, which proposes to direct the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department
to audit and settle the claim of the heirs of Robert
McConnell, deceased, of Alabama, for their prop-
erty which was taken and earned away or de-
stroyed by the hostile Creek Indians, about the
time or shortly after the massacre at Fort Mims,
in the year 1813, by ascertaining the value thereof
in such manner as may be deemed equitable and
just.
Mr. FISH. I think that bill may as well lie
over for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the- bill
objected to?
Mr. FISH. Yes, sir. _ *
The bill was passed over informally.
Mr. FISH afterwards said: I objected this
morning to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
401) for the relief of the heirs 'of Robert McCon-
nell. I understand from the Senator from Geor-
gia [Mr. Toombs] that it is not one of the claims
growing out of the Indian troubles of 1835 and
1836; and I withdraw my objection.
The bill was read a second tune, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole.
Robert McConnell was killed at the massacre
of For£ Mims in the month of August, 1813. He
was possessed of a negro slave and other per-
sonal property, amounting in value to the sum
of one thousand dollars. The slave was engaged
in working on Fort Mims when his master was
killed, and he and the other personal property
were forcibly taken and carried away by the
Indians, and the heirs of McConnell have never
recovered, or been compensated for the loss of,
this property. It also appears that at the capitu-
lation of Fort Jackson, in 1314, it was demanded
and stipulated by the United States that the In-
dians should restore to their lawful owners " all
the persons and property taken from the citizens
of the United States, the friendly part of the Creek
nation, the Cherokee, Chickasaw, and Choctaw
nations." The Government has indemnified the
friendly Creek Indians by a large appropriation
for the non-performance of this article of capit-
ulation. The same principle demands the same
indemnity for the petitioners, unless it be held
that this Government is under higher obligations
to cause justice to be done to the Indians than
to her own citizens. *
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE P. MARSH-
The next bill on the Calendar was a bill (S.
No. 75) making compensation to George P.
Marsh for extraordinary services and expenses
on a special mission to the Greek Government,
