TIB
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
and for negotiating a treaty between the Govern-
ment of the United States and Persia, which had
been introduced by Mr. Foot, and referred to the
Committee on«Foreign Relations, who asked to
be discharged from its further consideration.
Mr.'PUGH.-- I object to the consideration of
that bill.
■Mr. STUART. Do I understand that the
report of the committee is against that bill?
.The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The commit-
tee asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the bill
indefinitely.
" The motion was agreed to.
JACOB HALL.
The next hill on the Calendar was the bill (SNo.
417) reported by the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, for the relief of Jacob flail. It
. proposes to allow hint, for carrying the mail on
r route No. 89H, from Independence to Santa PC,
for the year ending August lft, 1H5C, the sum of
$22 ,000, instead ot the sum for which he con-
tracted. This is to bo in full for all the losses l>y
him sustained m this service by Indian depreda-
tions or oUieiwiM', tin grunt being on the condi-
tion that the Postmaster General may at any
time, on giving three months'notice, annul the
contract,
Mr. RUSK. That bill was added to the Post
Office appropriation b/li last year.
Mr. ADAiMS. I move to postpone it indefi-
nitely.
The motion was agreed to.
ANTHONY S. ROBINSON.
The next lull on the Calendar was the hill (S.
No. 430) reported fiom the Committer on Claims,
for the relief of Anthony S, Robinson, heir and
legal representative of John Hamilton Robinson,
deceased.
It proposes to direct the First Comptroller of
th>* 'X reaimry to examine and adjust the chum of
Anthony S. Nohinsnn, heir and legal represent-
ative* of John Hamilton Robinson, deceased, for
services rendered by John Hamilton Robinson to
the R( |*n bin* of Mexico; and the amount, if any,
which shall he found to be justly and equitably
due and pay$j.de by the (fluted States, under the
provisions of the tieaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo,
is to be paid.
Mr, GEYER. There wnr accidentally omitted
a proviso, which 1, now move to add to the bill:
PfOmlrtl, ho" t't rr. That flu1 amount mi to lie pant -hull
in no event <1 the balance ur' t|n< thtiv ,uiti a quniter
Milium* of doli u- pi'..vtiiofi tn the iiifeeuth article ot the
ti'PiMy of Ihd (m jMyiijeiu ot < lauiih ui ■• {.
>/.ea.i< { the 1 States a^iiu, I the eminent ot'."\Ie\
it'Oj Which unapplied lo lh.it ohjeet.
Mr. hi EN JAM1N. This does not seem to me
to be oik- of those eases where. \ye eau pass a bill
Without some inquiry, and I shall have,to ask
that this hill be passed over informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be laid
over.
Mr. GEYER, I hope the honorable Senator
will allow the amendment to be adopted.
Mr. HENJAMIN. I have no objection to that;
hut if the, Senator from Missouri will look at the
bdl he will find that there is no provision as to
what amount shall be paid to these people.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill
was passed over informally.
MVINGSTON, KINCAtn AND CO.
The hill (8. No. 42.r>) reported from the Com- i
rnitte-' on Indian Affairs for the relief of Living- ;
ston, Kmcaid & Co., was read the second time, j
Its object is to provide for the payment to Liv- j
in^ston, Kme.ud & Co., of the sum of $10,070 ij
as indemnify for the amount of money of which j|
they were robbed by a party of Sioux Indians, ji
near Fort f^uamie,in the Indian territory,in the j!
month of November, IdT>4. {'
Mr* PUGll and Ah. HfGGS called for the [\
reading of the repot t. j|
The Secretary read (be report, made by Mr. i!
Sebastiwuii I he 4th of August last, from which \\
it appears that on the :2d of November, 1854, i:
Charles A. Kuraid, one of the members of the 1
firm of Livingston, Kinc.au] & Co., of Halt Lake j
City, Utah Territory, left that city as n passenger j
in the mail stage to independence, in the State of j
Missouri ,m possession of the sum of $10,070, in 1
gold coin, consigned to a mercantile firm in St.
Louis, to whom memorialists were indebted.
The party in and accompanying the mail stage
were attacked near Fort Laramie, and all mas-
sacred with the exception of Charles A. Kmcaid,
the stage robbed of its contents, embracing the
gold coin, and Mr. Kmcaid severely wounded.
He was found afterwards, and carried into the
fort. The United States were nominally at peace
with these Indians—the Sioux—at the time of the
massacre and robbery of the mail parly, though
a state of hostilities was soon after recognized,
and General Harney dispatched to the plains for
their chastisement. Theamountof money, with
the particular description of the number and value
of the pieces, aie stated upon the cash book of
the firm, and deposed to by the clerk of the estab-
lishment. The loss of the money rests upon the
testimony of Air. Kmcaid, the only survivor of
the party, and the corroborating testimony of the
confessions of some of the Indians, soon after-
wards captured by Guneial Ilarney. It js true
that the provisions of law have not been pursued in
the mode of proving tins loss. The relations be-
tween the United States with these Indians has
been such, since the date of the depredations, as
to dispense with the necessity of taking the pioof
before the proper Indian agent. Could that pro-
vision of the intercourse law have been complied
with, and tin; steps usual in such cases been
adopted by the President to obtain satisfaction,
it would have been fruitless, as the annuities due
to these Indians by the" treaty of Port Laramie
are payable only in goods, for which there is not
an express authority of law allowing them to be
retained as indemnity. Those annuities are so
small that it would require the whole of an annu-
ity belonging to the particular band, if, indeed,
that could foe ascertained, to satisfy the particular
claim. The robbeiy was most, probably com-
mitted by some small straggling band of Indians,
and, under the circumstances, it would be impoli-
tic to take the goods intended for a whole band to
pay for the depu-dalions of a straggling and irre-
sponsible portion of them, should the perpe-
tKitoi.^ b< join;" to ilu se hands. The committer,
U Iiovim'; that the substance and spirit of the law
have been complied with, leporla bill for the
payment at once of the indemnity "which the
intercourse net guaranties in all such eases.
Mr. EKHiS. 1 do not think this bill ought to
pass, according to my understanding of it from
the reading of the report. 1 ask that it shall be
passed over.
The PR ESI DENT pro tempore. The hill will
be passed over informally. *
Mr. DUtGS subsequently remarked: Some
time since I interposed an objection to the hill {S.
No. 4"2r>) for the relief of Livingston, Kni'\i;d
A- Co. On examination I fmd,that although the
claimants heie are not strictly entitled to relief,
accotdme- to the teims of the Indian iniejcourse
law now in existence, they come fully within its
equity. I theieforr withdraw my objection to the
bill. * *
The -Senate proceeded, as m Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill. It was reported to
the Senate without amendment, oideied to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
MAURICE K. SIMONS.
The hill (S. No. 4\!9) for the relief of Mnuiioc
K. Simons, w.is read the second time, and con-
sider d as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vulesfoi grantingap-msion of twenty-two dollars
per month to Maurice K, Simons, in addition to
his present pension of eight dollars per month,
the addition to commcnee'on the 1st of March last.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let the* report be icad.
The Secretary read the following repoit, made
by Mr. Jones, of Iowa, on the 5th August, JS.76:
The Coimmte-e an Peti-iouf, to whom was iefetie<| the
pennon of Maurice K Simons, ho<x i >;ive t<> tepoit: That
the petitioner h now a pensioner at the late ot euht doll.us
pel on account oi ;ni mam leeeived April k27, !3 17,
which re ull"d in the lo--- of his kft h thai although at
the time of hit* leeomn? wound he was seivm# m no
mihtaiy capacity,} ot hi-< nen ices being of gieat importance,
ami his conduct hj^iilv euninieiuniblo, he was pensioned
as afoiesjuri, by act of Contrite, Maieh 3,1349. He now
petitions for ail increase oi pension ; and your committee,
viewing the case as a nienfoiimts one, leeommcutU the
adoption ot the following isolation : •=
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioner be granted.
Mr. TOOMBS. I objeefc to the bill.
Mr. RUSK. I am satisfied that if the honor-
able Senator from Georgia were familiar with all
the facts, he would not object. The facts of the
case are not stated in the report.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to it because there is
no fact stated in the report to warrant it.
Mr. RUSK. Mr. Simons was employed as an
express rider; he was a very gallant man, and he
is almost totally disabled. I am satisfied that if
the Senator'knew all the facts a* well as ( do he
would not object to the passage of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the bill i?
objected to it must £o over.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Was this man wounded in
the public service ?
INdr. RUSK. He was, in the most dangerous
of all service.
Mr. TOOMBS. I withdraw the particular ob-
jection. I am against the whole pension system,
but I shall not object to this particular case. It
is about as good as most of them.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. I'EARCE. Are we in the habit of giving
; pensions of more than four times the amount
| allowed by law because of an injury of this sort?
! It seems to me that if we are disposed to increase
: pensions to an amount like this, wc ought to pass
a general Jaw; everybody ought to come in alike.
This partial legislation for individual favorites, it
seems to me, is altogether wronsf. I think this*
bill ought to be inquired into further, and I hope
I it will be hud over under the order of the Senate.
! The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will bo
i passed over if objected to.
i Mi. RUSK. I will not debate it, but I wish to
! say to the Senator from Maryland that there are
j a number of persons now drawing pensions at
i the same rate which Maurice K. Simons will re-
ceive under this bill ?
Mr. PEARCE. What is the rate ?
The Secretary read the bill, which provides for
granting twenty-two dollars a month in addition
to the present pension of eight dollars.
Mi. RUSK. There are a number of persons
not as disabled as Mr. Simons who are nowdiaw-
ing pensions at that rate. I am sorry the com-
mittee did not state the facts in the report, and
that the chairman of the committee is not here.
Mr. Simons was employed in the most dangerous
service, as an express rider to convey information
from one part of the army to the other, which in
the Mexican country was a very hazardous busi-
ness. He was a gallant man.
The PRESIDENT pio ttmport, This bill has
been read the third time, and the question is on
its passage.
The bill was passed—ayes twenty-two, noes
not counted.
MARGARET DAVIS.
The next private bill on the Calendar was the
bill (S. No. '130) reported from the Committee on
Pensions granting a pension to Margaret Davis,
widow of George Davis, a sailing master in the
United States Navy, deceased.
Mr. CLAY objecting to the consideration of
the bill, it was laid aside.
GEORGE H. GIDDINGS.
The next, bill on the Calendar was the bill (S,
No. 432) reported from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads for the relief of George
11. Giddmgs, contractor for carrying the United
States mail on route No. 12900.
Mr. PiTZPATRiCK, That case was pro-
vided for like Mr. Hall's at the last session. Let
the bill be passed over.
The bill was passed over informally.
SUSANNA T. LEA.
| The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
[ No. 430) reported from the Committee on Mil-
J itrtry AlFairs for the relief of Susanna T. Lea,
I widow and administratrix of James Maglenen,
| late of the city of Baltimore, deceased; which was
| read a second time, and considered as in Com-
^ mittce of the Whole. It is intended to direct the
' Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the legal rep-
! rcscntatives of James Maglenen §130, being the
I value of a horse and equipments belonging to him
I which were impressed in September, 1814, for
| the purpose of sending an express to NorthPoint,
' and lost in that service.
