m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. BENJAMIN. If we get a report from
the accounting officers, it must pass Congress
again.
Mr. CASS. But it will pass tnen.
Mr- BENJAMIN. We may as well pass it
now.
Mr. CASS. But you cannot.
The bill was laid aside.
, Mr. BENJAMIN subsequently said: My col-
league has suggested to me that he will withdraw
his objection to the bill S. No. 504, if I add some
amendments guarding the public interests in the
manner he thinks necessary. I hope the bill will
now be taken up, that I may offer an amendment
which I think will satisfy all scruples.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 504) for the relief of Alex-
ander J. Atocha.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I now offer this amend-
ment:
Jlnd provided further, That tho said accounting officers
shall impure into the enures of naid expuhion, and -Jiall
jiiakc no award m favor of said Amelia, it, in their opinion,
tmid uxpulnion was justifiable, n«>i shrill any | ajuu nt l *
mtUfc under the provision:- of tins act, without the approval
Of the Set-rotary of the Treasiuy.
Mr. BELL, of Now Hampshire. I wish to
have (lie report in that case road.
Mr. COLLAAtfCR. I object to the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
passed over.
MARY W. THOMPSON.
The joint resolution (No. 43) for the relief of
Mary W. Thompson, widow of tlie late Lieu-
tenant Colonel Alexander It. Thompson, of the
United States Army, wat* considered ns m Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes u> direct the
Commissioner .of Pensions to pay to Mary W.
Thompson, widow of tho late Lieutenant Colonel
Alexander R. Thompson, Umted States Army,
tho Hume rate of pension heretofore allowed her,
to be computed from the date of the termination
of the first, tive years she iceeived u pension to
the date when t-he wan ti'-ain pinned upon tli«*
pension roll; tin- same to be continued during her
widowhood.
The joint resolution was reported upon mi-
ven-Hy by the Committee on Pensions,
Mr. WKLLKR. I move to postpone that res-
olution ibdefuuiely.
The motion was agreed to.
CKOUCIC a. o'isrr.F.N.
The hill (S. No. fiffi) tcpoi led from the Com-
mittee on Claims, f'oi the i elief of Georue O'llrien,
was read the second time and considered as in
Committee of the Whole, i 1 piovjdes for paying
Geol'gn A. O'Hnen, f< i his- services as clerk to
the f'dJine of the Second Atulitor, fjoni July a,
184ft, to Maicii f'l, 18U), the Mini of $.719 33.
The petitioner ,dJe^< k that duun^ the year
1845, and ii portion of ]x4t , he was clerk for tho
Chirkanaw Indians, by virtue of n treaty f-tipu-
Itttion and an appoint merit authorized by the Pros-
Went, at a salary of 5,(100 per annum, payable out
of tlie "Chickasaw i'und.'1 Ho was located for
the peiformance of tia^e dulies in the Second
Auditor',** o0tre. A1 unit one thud of his time was
occupied by tlxOlHckas.ivv busim ss. The clerical
foiceof tho Second Auditor being insulin I'-nt, at,
the time lo keep up tho ImsmesA, Mr. OMirien
was directed to devoie thai portion of his time
not required by the Chickasaw business to the
examination and ndjustrm nt of account*4 in tlie
A minor's oihee. lie says he was constrained to
rntbnut to 'h'r-lequiremcnt by (he Auditor, or he
deprived of hiN Chickasaw eleil\---hip. For tins
service in tie" _ \ rulitrVs office, to which he devoted
two 11)i)ds oj iius time, ho claims two thiids the
rate of pay then allowed to temporary clerks on
similar duty, to wit: >2 06 per day, for two hun-
dred and days, amounting to $54!) 3H. It
appears from Jhr kC a-'t for the relief of Sayles J.
Boweu,'\(!) Stat., p. £10,) Uuit the successor of
Mr. O'Brien has been paid for like services. Mr.
Polk, who Mas die chief clerk in the Second
Auditor's office at tin; tine , deposes to the truth
of the facts stated in the petition. Under these
circumstances, the committee r< port a bill for the
payment of the account.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, &nd passed.
ABIGAIL NASON.
The bill (S. No. 508) for the relief of theheirs-
at-law of Abigail Naeon, sister and devisee of
John Lord, deceased, was read a second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the payment to the heirs-at-law
of the late Abigail Nason, sister and devisee of
John Lord, deceased, late of South Berwick,
Maine, of the sum of $240, in full satisfaction for
the amount due John Lord for services performed
by him as a seaman on board tne United States
ship Ranger, during; the revolutionary war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSEPH C. G. XtENNEDY.
The bill (S. No. 510) for the relief of Joseph
C. G. Kennedy, was icad the second time, and
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It is
a direction to the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury Department, in the settlement of
the accounts of Joseph C. G. Kennedy, late Sec-
retary of the Census Board, and Superintending
Clerk of tho Census, to allow him at the rate of
$3,000 perannum, m full compensation for all ser-
vices rendered by him in either or both capaci-
ties.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to have the report
in that case read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Geyer on the 20th of January: •
The t'ommimjp on Claun-, to whom was icferied tho
memorial of Joseph C. (J. Kenuedv, nport.
Tho cen-us boaid w;h constituted by act of «"1 March,
1810, wiib (lie |io\vci to appoint a Mcietan, but without
fixmirlu^ eompeu'-auoii. (5)Stat ,p. 41W ) Mr Kennedy w.i<
appointed ^ceictaiy. The lv\ontioth •section of the act of
M;iy23, Ic.'jO, authorized tlie allowance to the ^met.uyof
the rt'iiMiM boaid nf a vjilaiy <>t $ It,000 per annum ,k during
tho peiiod ho h,i« been in their employ.'*—(9 Stat., p. 43:2.)
Tiie nineteenth section of tlie same act piovidcu for tlie
appointment of a ;-npeim?endini? eU iiv of tho 11 iu-.ii>*, at a
salary of $0 500 per annum. Tin- appointment wiia aNo
oonieried upon Mr. Kennedy, ami accepted by turn. But
ih (In < en^u.s Imi.ihI w ,i , net duw)lveri, ami as he si ill coa-
(uiued t'l acl as its Mvjet.u \, lie continued to claim fue
silaiy of (Kill, which ihe t'oni[>tiollei ol the TicUMiiy
icIum'iI n> allow, on liie ^lound lh.it the ofhee of t-ceieiary
of flu1 eeijMi-; tioaid w.i- supei-erjetl by the Miprrmlendmg
clei k <>t the ccn-ti.s^
In oidci to M-tlle the (jiiestion thiH iaisftd, tlie  Secietary
of tho Inleiioi :iddn c.M-d a i ounnunu alum (o thceeu-u>
boaid, uupiuiiiu wbethel fhev ic^aided then labor - as ended
and then seeiei uy di-cliaiifcd tiom lit-, duties ; to which tlie
bo.ml lesjHinijed that they did not coii-uici the census board
aMh.-sOh'ed. oi Mi. Kennedv. it - --eei etaiy, ditchained iiom
duty. Thus cotic-pundenoe oceuued m S"pteinb<'i, 1W1,
and would seem to r-how Hint .Mi. Kenned} war^tdl pei-
foimuitf the duiu'f o| .veeret.ii> of the ecn.-Uf boaid loi .it
lea-t fixtei n moiitii-A alter Iih entering upon the duties of
supennleiuhiifi eb'ik,«ind aeeordmjj; to u-ayo wa< entitled
to ihe hmhei .• alaiy apjriic.ibio to either of ihe two olficcs
wlneb he tilled.
Hut m eonxequence of tlie contuuied objection of the
Compiroller. liie .Seejetaiy e( th<- Iiiierio!, in j'Viaich, LKr>,
.uldK'-.-i'd a note to the eliminian ol the donate L'oimuirtet;
on the .ludiei.'M}, tin  the mtiodueiiou of a clause
into the supplement 03 eetMi. lull, then pending.fmngthc
.-..rlaiy 101 the pei t< i m.uirc c/f betii duties at ,•*^,000.
Willi a view, it is piesuiried, of aeeourph-hnif,' tho object
desired hv the >•< cieiaiy, a el.iu-o u as mtioduecd into the
siqijileiiieiiMiy bill -that the twentieth s< ctmn o! the said
a-M [o! *^'d May, IHmIJ he amended by Htrikinir out tiio wftuN
k has I'Cf.r Iiom (he |.\-t ime, and niseiliii^ the wools   may
iipcewn ihjhc1 in heu thereot f t will be perceived that (lib
eficet ot thin amendment \\a- to pi ovule 101 (he pavinenr of
the hiihnj of .^>,000 to the M'ctetaiy ot the census board
dunn^thvlhnr hi- muy l>e m their employ* instead
<>f </ifroe; the time he has been lu'tncir employ, as provided in
the onu'liial act.
At tlie eoimnenecment of the next sc-hoii offendress, it
\\a- lepte. euted to the ehaitm.i.i of the Jndiciaiv ('ommit-
tee 01 ihe Senate th,ti the ahoye am, mhnonr ol the act of
1-*V>0 miabt en.'hle tin- menioiiaiisr to elaun and rceeivethe
jj two s.daiN1- 01 M'cieui\ 01 tlie ecii.-tw boaid and ol'Mjpcr-
h intendnm cleik, .uoonnini" h  perannum. 'J'bis led
1 t'i the adopnou ot tlie |oml re-olniiou of ^>:!d f)eeembors
,j 1K)0. which bar! the etleet not only to repeal tho above
| amendment 10 the act ol lft>0, but to piovulo that the aet
|j should " be mi construed that no allowance fts< eompon&a-
ij tion be made to any prison lot constructive or any other
I, scruce remioied a- -eeietaiy to the ceu^u< board after the
jj fuvt dav of .tune, it-'eO.'-1—(10 Mfat., p. -JtiO.)
;J In refcioiiee to this resolution Mi. Dowrw .stated in the
' Senate, that Mi Kennedy w;w >< claiming noihm^ more
!j than the .-alai) of 6^,000, to whieii he 1- entitled, and to
'i which lie was entitled.'5—(Congie^-ionai Globe, vol. 24,
pan 'A. p. And Mr. Meade, ofVn^mia,jn the Ilouxe
of Hepreseiitntjyea;, saui. " As uehax- { can recollect, theie
wa* aneiroi eoiruintced. by which the supeiintcndemof tlie
eeiisus might, by the str ct letter of that bill, dravv his pay
both as clefk of the census boaid and superintendent of the
eerisus. When the Senate became aware of this mistake,
they sent down to us thK joint resolution for itscorrecdon.
H gives the superintendent ihe choice of hem% paid as clerk
of the remits hoarder superintendent of the ceiis-us."
The constiucuoa given to tlie joint resolution by the,ac-
eountuig officers of tlie Treasury is, that it limits the compen-
sation of the memorialist for <UI the duties performed by him
ih either or both capacities, to $2,500 per annum, from the
1st of June, 3 801); andas he had already been paid at the rate
of $3,000 per annum, up to the time of the passage,of tiio
jomt resolution, (December, 18o2,) he ha? been officially
called upon to refund to tho Treasury the $500 per annum
received over that sum. By the act of the 5hM of April,
1854, after the memonalist had lelt the office, the salary
was definitely fixed at $3,000 a jear (10 Stat., p. 276.)
In view of all the cncunistances, the committee are of
opinion that the sum ultimately fixed upon as a proper com-
pensation for the duties of the office, namely, $3,000 a
year, is a reasonable one, and that the memorialist is fairly
and equitably .entitled to that rate of compensation; and
they report a bill accordingly.
Mr. CLAY. I ask the Senator who reported
this bill whether it was reported from the Court
of Claims?
Mr. GEYER. No, sir; it was not. It was
reported by the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CLAY. "Why has it not been referred to
the Coxirt of Claims.
Mr. GEYER. I do not know why the appli-
cation was not made to the Court of Claims. It
was referred to the committee of which I am a
member on a petition of Mr. Kennedy, and it was
acted upon by that committee as a part of their
duty. I think they have very justly proposed Igo
allow the amount which he claims, which is the
single compensation of $3,000 per annum for the
performance of both the duties of superintendent
of the census and secretary of the census board.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
william l. davidson.
The hill (S. No. 512) reported from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims for the relief of
William L. Davidson, was mid the second time,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the accounting officers of
the Ircasury to ascertain and allow to William
L. Davidson, for himself and the other children
of Lieutenant Colonel William Davidson, of the
North Carolina line, in the Continental army of
the United States, who was killed in battle on the
1st of February, 1781, at Cowan's Ford, on the
Catawba river, the amount of the half pay for
seven years of Colonel William Davidson, as a
lieutenant colonel of infantry. The sum due,
when ascertained, is to be paid without interest,
and is to he 111 full of all claims which the children
of William Davidson may have against the United
States under the resolution of Congress of the
24th of August, 1780.
After the battle of Lexington, when it became
manifest that the difficulties between the colonies
and Great Britain were to be decided by the
sword, the convention of North Carolina raised
six battalions for the common defense, and tend-
ered their services to Congress. Of the fourth
battalion, William Polk was appointed colonel,
James Thackfston lieutenant colonel, and Wil-
liam Davidson major. These appointments were
made by the Congress of the United Colonies, on
the leeommendation of the convention of North
Carolina, on the 7th of May, 1776. The North
Carolina troops were marched to the north, under
General Nash, to reinforce the army under the
command of General Washington. In this ardu-
ous service William Davidson remained until
November, 1779, when the North Carolina troops
were ordered to reinforce General Lincoln, in
South Carolina. In the mean time he had been
promoted to the rank of lieutenant colonel.
As the troops passed through North Carolina, he
obtained leave of absence for a short time to visit
his family, whom he had not seen since he left
them to join the northern army. When his fur-
lough expired, he immediately repaired to Charles-
ton to join his regiment; but when he arrived 111
the neighborhood, he found the city co closely
beleaguered that it was impossible for him to go
in. When Charleston capitulated,in May, 1780,
his regiment were made prisoners of war, and he,
being out of active employment, repaired to Meck-
lenburg, his native county, and raised a volun-
teer corps for the purpose of keeping in subjec-
tion the tories, who were numerous in that part
of North Carolina and the adjoining parts of
South Carolina. In this service he was actively
engaged until after Gates's defeat, in August, 1780.
In this battle General Rutherford, who com-
manded the militia of the Salisbury division, was
taken prisoner, and his command was conferred
by the government of North Carolina upon Colo-
