J86?.
THE CONGRESSIONAL 6L0BS.
net Davidson, who thus became a brigadier of
militia, retaining at the same time his rank in the
Continental army, ready to resume his command
when his regiment should be exchanged or again
recruited.
In January, 1781, whilst Ofeneral Greene was
retreating through North Carolina, pursued by a
superior force of the enemy under Lord Corn-
wallisj it became of great importance to retard
the march of the enemy as much as possible, and
to enable the American general to cross the Yad-
kin before he could be overtaken. To this end
Colonel Davidson, by the order of General Greene,
posted his command, consisting of three hundred
militia, at Cowan's ford, on the Catawba river,
which it was supposed was one of the passes by
which the enemy would attempt to cross that
river. This conjecture proved to be correct.
On the morning of the 1st of February, 1781,
the enemy, in large force, appeared on the oppo-
site side of the river. Their passage was resisted
with great vigor and courage, and was effected at
a heavy loss ; but in the conflict the American
commander was kihed. In consideration of his
gallant conduct, Congress, on the 20th day of
September, 1781, passed a resolution requesting
ihe Governor and Council of North Carolina to
erect a monument, at the expense of the United
States, not exceeding in value $500, to the mem-
ory of the late General Davidson, who commanded
the militia of the district of Salisbury, in the
State of North Carolina, and was killed on the
17th of February,, fighting gallantly for the de-
fense of the liberty and independence of these
States.
Under these circumstances, the children of
Colonel Davidson claim the seven years' half pay
to which they conceive themselves entitled under
the resolution of Congress of the 24th of August,
1780. He was one of those who were entitled to
the seven years5 half pay under the resolution of
the 15th of May, 1778, and he was afterwards
killed in a battle, acting under the orders of Major
General Greene. His command of the militia,
and bearing the commission of a major general
of the militia, could not change the legality of
the claim of his family, under the resolution of
the 24th of August, 1780.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the fliird time, and passed.
WILLIAM J. APPLEBY.
The next bill on the Calendar (S. No. 367) was
for the relief of William J. Appleby, clerk of the
supreme and first district court of Utah Territory,
which was introduced, on leave, by Mr. Trum-
bull, and reported back from the Uommittee on
the Judiciary adversely.
Mr. GEYER. I move the indefinite postpone-
ment of that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
ANTON L. C. PORTMAN.
The bill (S. No. 513) reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations for the relief of Anton
L. C. Portman, was read the second time and
'considered by the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole. It provides for the payment to Anton
• L. C. Portman, late clerk to Commodore M. C.
Perry, while in command of the East India
squadron, the sum of $1,000 for his services as
Dutch interpreter during the negotiation of the
treaty between the United States and the Empire
of Japan.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
BOUNTY LAND.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next bill
on the Private Calendar is a bill for the relief of
Elizabeth Montgomery, heir of Hugh Mont-
gomery.
Mr, SLIDELL. The bill (S. No. 307) grant-
ing bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
. employed in the protection of public property at
Baton Rouge, in the year 1836, during the Flor-
ida war, was a short time ago on the Private Cal-
endar, and properly there. It applies to_ some
fifty or sixty individuals, perhaps; but it is cer-
tainly a private bill, and I think it cannot possi-
bly lead to any discussion. I found the other
day that it was on the Private Calendar, or I
should have called it up before.
The PRESIDENT- pro tempore. The Chair
is under the impression, from recollection, that
bills granting bounty lands or pensions to a num-
ber of individuals have not generally been con-
sidered private bills.
Mr. SLIDELL. This is notsa generaJ~biU
giving land to a certain class of individuals, but
makes-a grant to certain individuals who per-
formed a distinct and specific service at a partic-
ular time. I applied the other day to the Clerk
to know on which Calendar it was. He said he
considered it a private bill, and at that time it was
on the Private Calendar. How it has got out of
its place 1 do not know.
Mr. CLAY. I do not think such bills have
been considered private bills hitherto, and I ob-
jected this morning to one of similar character,
not providing for as large a number of men, by
at least two thirds, and hcnce I must object to
this bill.
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY.
The bill (S. No. 517) for the relief of Elizabeth
Montgomery, heir of Hugh Montgomery, was
read the sccond time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is a direction to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to-pay to Elizabeth Mont-
gomery, daughter and sole heir of Captain Hugh
Montgomery, of the ship Nancy, of Wilmington,
Delaware, the sum of $5,000 as a full compensation
for his successful efforts in saving the powder and
munitions of war belonging to the United States
on board that ship, and for his interest in the
value of the ship, which he blew up to prevent
her and her cargo from falling into the hands of
the enemy during the war of the Revolution.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. STUART. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the engrossment of the bill. 1 wish to vote
ag'ainst it.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to have the report
read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Evaks on the 22d of January:
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims, to whom was
referred the petition of Elizabeth Montgomery, daughter of
Captain Hugh Montgomery, praying relief, beg leave to
report:
The memorial of the petitioner, which is very circumstan-
tial in substance, presents these facts : She is the daughter
of Captain Hugh Montgomery, formerly of Wilmington, in
the State of Delaware, and employed as captain of the brig
Nancy, of that port, belonging to himself and others. That
m the latter part of the year 17/5, the said brig, charteied
by Robert Morris, then a member of Congress, was dis-
patched to the West Indies with a cargo of flour to be sold,
and the proceeds returned to tiie United States in gun-
powder and munitions of war. The cargo was sold at Poito
Rico, and the Nancy then proceeded to St. Croix, where she
was privately loaded with her return cargo, consisting of
four hundred and sixty barrels of gunpowder, six longibur-
pounders, sundry chests of small-arm&, and other munitions
of war, and with sundry aitieles of merchandise belonging
to the said Montgomery. After the reception of his cargo,
by means of the cannon, and some swivels and other arms,
Captain Montgomery convened his ship into a ves^-el of war,
and sailed for the Delaware, in order that he might deliver
his cargo at Philadelphia, according to Ins directions. When
he approached the Delaware eapes, he was intercepted by
two British ships of war. He succeeded m beating off the
boats sen t to capture him; but findim? it impossible to escape
capture, lie ran his ship into shoal water, and commenced
removing the powder and munitions of war to the shore,
and securing them from capture, leaving the private prop-
erty to its fate. He keptoif tiie enemy's boau^wl.ilst he
landed two hundred and twenty-four barrels oi'thO powder,
the cannon, small arms, and other munitions of war, with
the aid of Captain Weeks, who commanded some Amer-
ican vessels of war witlnn the capes.
When he had so far &ucceeded in saving the cargo, one
of the enemy's vessels appioaclied wdhm th^ee bundled
yards, cast anchor, and opened a destructive nre, whilst
several boats filled with men approached for the purpose of
boarding the Nancy. Finding it impossible to save more
of the powder and the private property, lie left the vessel,
having laid a tiam and matcn eommunicr.un? with the
powdei, prefomig to destroy boih ins \cssei and'th-r icst of
her cargo, lather than it should fall into the hands of the
enemy. The boats' crews had scarcely taken possession
of the vessel, when 6he was blown up, with all on board,
and, with the remains of her caigo, was destroyed. That
part of the cargo which had been saved w as transported to
Philadelphia, and safely delivered to the agent5: of the Gov-
ernment. Subsequently to this, Captain Montgomery went
to sea m a private armed ship, was captured by a British
cruiser, imprisoned for a long time, and treated with great
harshness on account of the destruction of so many British
sailors, by blowing up hi« vessel, as before stated. During
his long imprisonment his mind became disordered; and
during his long voyage homeward, after his release, he
leaped overboard in a fit of insanity and was drowned, leav-
ing a widow, who has been long dead, and the petitioner,
liis only child, then a small girl.
The petitioner pi ays that Congress should make her some
compensation for the losses of her father, Rii&.ta ined in the
destruction of bis vessel, as before* stated, and for his patri-
otic cozutact in saving the pyblie propetty, tfeep so imqh
neej&sd, to tjie neglect of his own, which he.-migijt
saved instead ©f that which belonged to'the public. '
A claim is set up for the value of this private profrgjty,
shipped on. board the Nancy, on his own account- Inh of '
this no satisfactory evidence has been given, and the com-
mittee h^ve been unable to form, any estimate of its value.
As to the other part of the claim, the main facts are fuliy
proved by an affidavit of Captain Mendenhall, who was dne
of the ciew of the Nancy, and cognizant of alt .the facts of
the voyage, and the safe landing of the greater of the
munitions of war. The blowing up the vessel and the pav-
ing of the gunpowder are stated in an original'tetter, filed
with the evidence, from George Reeff, one of the signer^ of
the Declaration of Independence, to his wife, dat^d the 6th
of July, 1776, a few days after the occurrence. .And on the
whole, the committee are of opinion that the facts herein-
before set forth are satisfactorily proved.
If, as is alleged, the vessel was chartered for the purpose
set forth, it is presumed no doubt could exist that the Gov-
ernment ought to pay; the destruction being beneficial to
it, and inevitable, under the circumstances, to prevent the
vessel and her cargo from falling into the hands of
enemy. Many claims of this kind' have been paid.
The great difficulty in allowing this claim is its antiquity?
but in this case the delay is satisfactorily accounted for.
On a review of the whole case, the committee have come
to the conclusion that the petitioner ought to be liberally
remunerated, to the extent of any loss sustained in the de-
struction of the vessel by her father; but alter such a length
of time no evidence could be furnished of the value of the
vessel. Any estimate would be conjectural; but as the
claim is a just one, they frave come to the conclusion to
give her §5,0U0, as a full and final satisfaction of her claim,
and report a bill for that purpose.
The yeas and nays on the engrossment of
bill were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 28, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Ben-
jamin, Biggs, Brodhead, Brown, Clay, Crittenden, Dodge,
Durkee, Evans, Fish, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Foster,tJeyen Har-
lan, Houston, James, Johnson, Jones of Towa, Mason,
Nour«e, Reid, Rusk, Sebastian, Wade, and Weller—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Cass, Collamer, Green, Pearce,
Slide!!, Stuart, Toombs, Trumbull, Wilson, and Wright-
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading. It was read the third time, and
passed.
JOHN SHAW.
The bill (S. No. 518) reported by the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs for the relief of John Shaw,
was read the second time, and considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It provides that"the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs shall cause a fair and impartial inquiry
to be made into the claim of John Shaw against
| the Menomonee Indians, forprovisrons furnished
to, and hogs, cattle, horses, or other live stock
taken or destroyed by those Indians from him,
in the years 1846, 1847, and 1848; and if it shall
appear that the Indians bought the provisions,
hogs, cattle, horses, &c., from Shaw in good faith,
or that they took or destroyed them by force or
stealth, and that Shaw did not, m any way, vol-
untarily seek to trade or traffic with the Indians
for profit or gain, the commissioner is to ascer-
tain the fair cash value of the provisions, hogs,
cattle, &c., so bought, or taken, or destroyed, and
pay the same to John Shaw, out of any money
in die possession of the Government belonging
to the Menomonee Indians, together with inter-
est thereon, at the rate of six per centum, from
: the date of the liability to the day of payment;
' and in making this inquiry, the commissioner is
to take care that the Indians have a fair and im-
partial hearing on the facts of the case.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MATTHEW G, EMERY.
The bill (S. No. 519) from the Court of Claims
for the relief of Matthew G. Emery, was read the
second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It provides for the payment to Mat-
thew G. Emery of ^3,375 in full for his account
for hauling marble for the Go\eminent, from the
7th of September, 185:3, to the 11 th of April > 1853,
which account is set out in the petition filed by
the claimant in the Court of Claims.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
GEORGE PHELPS.
The bill (S. No. 520) reported by the Com-
mittee on Claims for the relief of George Phelps,
was read the second time, and considered by the
Senate as"in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides for paying to George Phelps the sum of
$1,155, in full For extra services performed by
