1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the proper accounting officers
of the Treasury Department, in settling the ac-
counts of Lieutenant James G. Benton, of the
ordnance department, of Brevet Major E. B. Bab-
bitt, chief assistant quartermaster, and of Brevet
Major James Lohgstreet, acting commissary of
subsistence, to allow them, as credits, the respect-
ive amounts of which they were defrauded by
Parker H. French, in San Antonio, Texas, in
July, 1850, viz: to James G. Benton, $1,021 04;
to E. B. Babbitt, $519 93J; and to James Long-
street, $448 98.
It appears that while these officers were sta-
tioned at San Antonio, Texas, in July, 1850,
application was made to them, respectively, for
ordnance stores, quartermaster's stores, and sub-
sistence stores, by Parker H. French, the chief
of a body of emigrants, on their journey to Cal-
ifornia. French bore and exhibited to the peti-
tioners what purported to be a letter of credit from
Howland & Aspinwall, of New York, and he
possessed the confidence of numerous citizens and
merchants of Texas, to some of whom he was
personally known. IJe was the acknowledged
chief of an emigrating party, and was, to all ap-
pearances, a reliable and responsible man. By
authority of the joint resolution of Congress, ap-
proved March 2, 1849, officers in these depart-
ments are allowed to sell to persons emigrating
to California such stores as the state of the public
supplies will permit, and, with the concurrence
of Brevet Major General Brooke, they sold to
French, ordnance stores, $1,021 04; quartermas-
ter's stores, $519 93g; subsistence stores, $448 98;
forwhieh hegavethem separatedraftsupon How-
land & Aspinwall, of New York, which drafts,
having been forwarded for collection, were pro-
tested for non-accfcptance. It was then discovered
that the letter of credit exhibited by French was
a forgery, and all his representations were false.
Several of the best merchants of San Antonio
were at the same time, and in the same manner,
imposed upon for large amounts of money; and
the impostor fled beyond the reach of law. It
is apparent that these petitioners, in all these
transactions, exercised due diligence, acted under
'he instruction of their commanding general, and
that the money was lost without any fault of
theirs.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
EDWARD LLOYD WINDER.
The bill (S. No. 540) reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs for the relief of Edward
Lloyd Winder, lieutenant United States Navy,
was read a sccond time, and considered as m
Committee of the Whole. It allows him the pay
of a master in the Navy, from the 16th of June,
1845, to the 10th of August, 1846, deducting
therefrom the amount already received by him as
passed midshipman during the same period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
DANIEL AMMEN.
The bill (S. No. 541) reported from the Com-
mittee oil Naval Affairs for the relief of Daniel
Ammen, lieutenant United States Navy, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It allows him the pay of a master
in the Navy of the United States, from April 19, i
1845, to August 10,1846, deducting therefrom the \
arnount already received by him as passed mid- !
shipman during the same period. I
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOSHUA D. TODD.
The bill (S. No. 542) reported from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Joshua D. Todd, United States Navy, was '
read a second time, and considered as in Co'mmit-
tee of the Whole. It allows him the pay of a
master in the Navy, from June 17, 1844, to Au-
gust 10, 184G, deducting therefrom the amount
already received by him as passed midshipman
during the same period.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN M'NIEL.
The bill (S. No. 545) releasing to the legal rep-
resentatives of John McNiel, deceased,"the title
of the United States to a certain tract of land, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Wholer It releases to them the title
of the United States to island No. 4 of section
nineteen, in township seven north, of range five
west, and the islets adjacent thereto, situated in
the State of Michigan, the island having been in
the occupancy of McNiel, and of those from
whom he purchased it, since 1832.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MRS. JANE SMITH.
The bill (S. No. 546) authorizing Mrs. Jane
Smith to enter certain lands in the State of Ala-
bama, was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. Its object is to
authorize Mrs. Jane Smith to enter, at the proper
land office in Alabama, the west half of the south-
west fractional quarter, and the west half of the
northwest fractional quarter of section thirty-
three, in township six north, of range five east,
situated in Alabama, upon payment to the re-
ceiver of the proper land office of $1 25 per acre;
but the entry is to be made within six months.
It appears by the affidavit of Mrs. Smith that
she is the owner of the east part of section thirty-
three, in township six north, range five east, m
the State of Alabama; and that she has inclosed
and improved the west half of the southwest frac-
tional quarter, and the west half of the northwest
fractional quarter of the same section, which lands
were formerly held as an Indian reservation for
Peter Randon, but which were abandoned by him
in 1836. In consequence of being held as a res-
ervation, these lands are not subject to private
entry. The memorialist, therefore, prays to be
allowed to enter the same at the minimum price
of Government lands.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
LB CAZE AND MALLET.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 45) to amend
the act entitled " An act for the relief of Frede-
rick Vincent, administrator of James Le Caze,
survivor of Le Caze and Mallet," was announced
as next in order. It proposes to repeal the pro-
viso attached to the act alluded to in these words:
Provided, That ;hc same shall be received in full of all
demands against the Government on this account.
The Committee on Revolutionary Claims re-
ported the following amendment:
Provided, That nothing contained in this resolution shall
he construed to allow any interest on the sum directed to be
paid by the .-aid act, beyond tile time when tile said Fred-
erick Vincent first presented ins petition to Congress, for
the payment of the debt due to James Le Caze, survivor of
Le Caze and Mallet.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear the report
in this case.
The Secretary commenced to read the report
made by Mr. Evans, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. STUART. It will take a long time to read
that report, and it seems to me this matter had
better be passed over, and let us take up business
about which there is no question. I do not know
that I shall vote against the claim; but we shall
consume the day in reading long reports.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The joint resolution will be passed over, objection
BENJAMIN E. EDWARDS.
The bill (S. No. 454) to confirm the title of
Benjamin E. Edwards to a certain tract of land
in the Territory of New Mexico, was considered
by the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole.
It provides for the confirmation of Benjamin E.
Edwards in his title to six hundred and forty
acres of land, situate m the Territory of New
Mexico, being the tract of land located by virtue
of a certificate numbered 444, of the second class,
issued by the board of land commissioners for
the county of Bexar, State of Texas, to Andrew
Flores, and dated August 16,1847, and the same
tract of land for which a patent was authorized
to be issued by the act of the. Legislature of
Texas, entitled " An act to require the Commis-
sionesaof the General Land Office to issue patents
for lands therein named," approved Decembers,
1850, and which is more particularly described ia
the plat and field notes accompanying the survey
thereof, executed by R. S. Howard, deputy sur-
veyor, and approved of by the district surveyor
for the^listrict of Bexar, on the 30th of November^
1849.
By the act of Congress of the Republic of Texas,
approved December 19, 1836, the western bound-
ary of Texas was declared to extend to the Rio
Grande river. By a map prepared under the
direction of the War Office, from the most reliable
authorities, in 1844, the Rio Grande also is laid
down as the western boundary of Texas. After
the annexation of Texas to the United States,
this Government recognized and maintained the '
boundaries of Texas as defined by the act of Con-
gress of the Republic of Texas. Under and by
virtue of the act of Congress appro vetTSeptember
9, 1850, the district of country in which this land
is situate was acquired by the General Govern-
ment from the State of Texas. The action of the
Government subsequent to the annexation of
Texas has conceded that the jurisdiction of Texas
included the territory in question prior to the re-
linquishment of the same to the united State's;
so that, from the date of the certificate from the
board of commissioners to a period beyond the
location and survey of this traet of land, this part
of the territory of the State of Texas was subject
to location and settlement under authority from
that State.
The State of Texas having the jurisdiction, did,
by its proper officers, issue a certificate of loca-,
tion,No. 444, to Andrew Flores, and the same
was located and surveyed prior to the relinquish-
ment of title by the State of Texas to the General
Government, and the claimant only required a
patent from the State of Texas, to which he was
legally entitled, to form a complete and perfect
title to the said tract of land.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
MICHAEL KINN5T.
The bill (S. No. 551) for the relief of Michael
Kinny, late a private in company I, eighth regi-
ment United States Infantry, was read a second
time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides for placing the name of Miehafel
Kinny on the pension list, at the rate of eight dol-
lars per month, commencing on the 11th of De-
cember, 1856, and to continue during his life.
Kinny enlisted at Boston, July 6,1849, and was
honorably discharged July 6, 1854, at Fort Bliss,
Texas. He was a private in company 1, eighth
regiment United States Infantry. Subsequent to
his discharge are found the following remarks on
a return to Fort Clark, Texas, for the quarter end-
ing September 30, 1654, signed by Basil s orris,
assistant surgeon of the United States Army, now
on file in the Surgeon General's office: " On the
1st of August I amputated the thigh of a teamster
for gunshot wound through the knee joint; the
patient was nursed by our attendants, and recov-
ered with a good stump." It also appears that
the petitioner was regularly employed in the quar-
termaster's department, and that while engaged
in unloading a wagon, he received the wound re-
ferred to. There was evidence before the com-
mittee that Kinny was a man of unexceptionably
good character during all the time he was con-
nected with the public service.
The bill was reported to the .Senate without
I amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
JEREMIAH PENDERGAST.
The bill (S. No. 552) for the relief of Jeremiah
Pendergast, of the District of Columbia, was read
the second time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. Its object is to direct the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Jeremiah
Pendergast on the pension list, at the rate ot nine
dollars per month, from the 4th of September,
185G, and to continue during his life, ni lieu of
the pension to which he is now entitled by law.
The petitioner was disabled while engaged in
the military service of the United States, and in
