1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■-fgr
Mr. KENNETT. I -would like to reply- to
the question of the gentleman from Georgia. *
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is- in
order. 1
Mr. KENNETT called for" tellers oil the
amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. BuffMton
and Herbert were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers "reported
—ayes 63, noes 74.  
So Mr. Foster's amendment was not agreed
to.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose, in line two hun-
dred and eighteen, to insert the words, " railroad
iron and all manufactures of iron used for rail-
road purposes." This would place the article
on the free list.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from "Virginia to strike out the word " rail-
road," and let it apply to all iron.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir. Let us take the
question on this and see how it is.
Mr. READY. I ask the gentleman from Vir-
ginia to yield to me a moment, that I may offer
a proposition which I think will supersede his
amendment, and will effect an additional object.
Mr. LETCHER. Let it be read, and 1 will
hear what it is.
Mr. Ready's amendment was read, as follows:
Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the act approved
July 14,1832, entitled "An act to release from duty iron
prepared for, and actually laid on, railways or inclined
planes," and which was repealed by the fifth section of an
act approved September 11,1841, entitled " An act relating
to duties and drawbacks," be, and the same is hereby, re-
enacted and revived; and in its operation it .shall relate
back and take effect from the first day of January, 1849 ;
and it shall embrace chairs and spikes for railroads as well
as rail bars.
Mr. LETCHER. I withdraw my proposition
to let the gentleman from Tennessee offer his.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not^con-
gider the proposition of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee in order, for this reason, that it is a prop-
osition to repeal a law, and does not relate to
the subject-matter of this bill at all. This bill is
a bill to reduce the duty on imports, and has rela-
tion to the prospective duties which shall be im-
posed on imports. The gentleman's amendment
proposes to repeal a law, and to go back to affect
the construction of an act which has been hereto-
fore passed. In the opinion of the Chair it is not
germane to the subject.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I offer the
following amendment to the amendment:
That from and immediately after the passage of this act,
it shall be the duty of the ro tma ter General to enter into
contracts with any individuals or companies who may pro-
pose to carry the United States mails upon any railroad now
finished,in whole or in pait,or heieatter to be constiucted,
not to exceed onee daily each way for the term ot eight
years ; and that any individual or company so contracting
and entering into bond and good security, to be approved by
the Postmaster Genci al and Secretary of the Treasury, shall
be entitled, m full compensation for such service, to im-
port, without the payment of any other duties, all the iron
necessary to be used m the construction, repair, or relay-
ing ofsuch railroad during the continuance of such contract.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I object
that the amendment is not germane to the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The objection is well taken.
Part of the amendment is m order, and part is not
in order; and the Chair must rule it out.
Mr. LETCHER. X offer the following amend-
ment:
Insert in line two hundred and eighteen, on page 10, as
follows;
Railroad iron and all manufactures of iron for railroad
purposes.
Mr. Chairman, the effect of my amendment
will be to put iron in the free list; and as the policy
seems to be to enlarge the free list, I propose to
enlarge it still further, for the purpose of diffusing
its benefits, to some extent, throughout the vari-
ous sections of the country. I do not design to
occupy the time of the committee with any dis-
cussion of the subject. I am perfectly willing,
as the committee thoroughly understands it, to let
them vote on the proposition I have offered.
Mr. PULLER, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Chair-
man, the object of this proposition is, I suppose,
t<? accomplish what we know is very much de-
sired by the entire committee, and that is, to
cheapen this article of universal use to the con-
sumer. It is a practical question—one worthy of
our earnest consideration—whether the proposed
repeal of duties would produce .this result? The
past history of the country establishes this fact
beyond all contradiction, that when iron has Com-
manded the highest price the duties have been the
lowest,' and when it has sold at the lowest prices
the duties have been highest. In 1816 the duty
was but nine dollars per ton, and its market price
was $120 per ton. By the act of 20th March,
1818, the duty was increased to thirty dollars per
ton, and in 1819 iron fell to ninety dollars per ton.
During that period, when railroad iron was ad-
mitted duty free, from 1831 to 1842, it commanded
a higher price than it ever has since, for during
that period it went up to eighty dollars per ton,
and railroad companies in my State of Pennsyl-
vania, in the State of New York, and the eastern
States, paid this high price for their iron when
there was no duty upon it.
The idea of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] of a home market, he illustrated the
other day by supposing two Yankee boys to be
shut up in a room, who, by swapping jackets,
with only one cent of capital, could make five dol-
lars apiece out of each other. These Yankees
were smart fellows; and if one had a jacket a little
too long, and the other a little too short, they
might each make a good bargain by an exchange
of equivalents, and keep their money besides.
He went upon the principle, as others have done,
that the duty increases the price pro tanto. While
in theory tiiis may seem to be true, we all know
that experience proves it false. We know that
when the duty was four cents per pound on nails,
they sold in our market at three and a half cents
per pound—that American sugars have sold in
this country at prices less than the duty upon the
imported article.
Mr. READY. Let me ask the gentleman a
question. If, as he states, duty upon iron makes
it cheap, why, then, do the iron manufacturers
of Pennsylvania so oppose the removal of that
duty ?
Mr. PULLER, of Pennsylvania. I will tell
my friend. The people of Pennsylvania and other
States have invested their capital in this branch
of manufactures. They have so invested upon
their faith in an established policy. The repeal
of the duty at this time would depress the credit,
and ruin those who are engaged in it. Iron has
become cheaper because of its increased produc-
tion and the economy of its manufacture, result-
ing from the improved and increasing skill of our
people. We desire to stimulate and encourage
this interest until it shall supply the home de-
mand, in order to induce capital to come forth
from its hiding-places. Not to protect capital,
but to bring it from where it is hoarded; to draw
from the quarry and the mine its shapeless masses,
and give to unorganized matter form and life and
useful being. Strike down our own people, and we
must then depend upon the foreign producer for
an article of universal use, who will advance the :
price according to our necessities. It is urged that j
our product is small, and that we are not making j
such progress as to deserve protection. In 1849 ;
we made in this country only 18,000 tons of rails; j
in 1552, 64,000 tons; in 1854, 160,000 tons; and j
! during the last year, nearly 309,000 tons. We j
are rapidly coming up to the wants of the country; 1
and if you will only let us alone we will meet every ■
demand, and give you a better and cheaper article ;
than you can import from abroad. We will at '
the same time givcconstant and profitable employ-
j ment to our own people. During the last year
I there have been, according to the report of the j
1 Secretary of the Treasury, 3,431 miles of railroad j
! constructed in this country, requiring 341,000 tons ■
of rails. The wear and tear upon old railroads
has been from five to ten per cent., requiring at
least 100,000 tons more. The demand has been
greater during the last year than ever before, and
yet the importation has been but 125,000 tons—
over 150,000 tons less than in the year 1853. If ,
these are the facts—if we are coming up to the
wants of the country, wiil this House repeal the ,
duty, and strike down an interest which, upon ;
the faith of this Government, has sprung into ;
active being, and in preparing to meet the public |
demand, is doing more to develop the re- ,
sources and employ labor of our people than ,
any other ? i
Mr. LETCHER demanded tellers on hisamend- i
ment. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bcrnett i
and De Witt were appointed, I
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 48, noes 96. ,
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. t offer the following amend-
ment: *, _
Provided further, That all sheep's wooi imported bri or
after the 20th day of July next, shall pay a duty of twenty
per centum, anything in this act to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this proposition with a
view of endeavoring to ascertain what is the sense
of the House in reference to the article of wool.
I regret to say, that those who are particularly
interested in this question of the duty upon wool
have not been able to come to any common under-
standing with reference to their action upon that
question. My own opinion is, that there is an
absurdity in our present tariff in relation to this
article. Wool when imported in an unmanufac-
tured state pays a duty of thirty per cent.; while
when imported in a manufactured state it pays
but twenty per cent. Some of the articles im-
ported in a manufactured state pay a duty of
twenty per cent., others twenty-five per cent., and
still others pay thirty per cent. A large portion,
therefore, of wool is at the present time imported
when manufactured at a duty of twenty per cent,
only. My view of this subject is, that it is but
proper and right that this discrimination against
manufacturers should be removed.
. I offer my amendment because I do notapprove
of the proposition which has been presented to
the consideration of the committee by—I do not
know whom, for it has run through so many
phases and shapes and has so many fathers that
it would be difficult to trace the authorship. It is,
however, I believe, the proposition of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and that is, that
wool of over the value of fifty cents per pound
shall be admitted duty free, and that all under the
value of fifteen cents per pound shall likewise be
admitted duty free. That is modified, however,
I believe, by the proposition of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] by providing
that all wool under the value of ten cents shall be
duty free. As I understand both of these prop-
ositions they are substantially and for alipracticai
purposes an abandonment of the duty upon wool.
X would not give a farthing for all the revenue
you will collect on the proposition which has been
presented by the Committee of Ways and Means.
All the wool that was imported into the country
during the last year was imported at an average
value of less than twelve cents per pound. It is
true that a small portion of the wool imported
ranged at a higher price than fifteen cents per
pound; but if you give th  importers of these
articles any sort of credit for ingenuity, they will
be able, at either the one or other of these valu-
ations, to import all they desire free of duty.
Mr. GRANGER. I have observed much soli-
citude and alarm at the little ready money we have
on hand m the Treasury, as though that was of
all tilings the most to be dreaded.
While I agree that a plethora of the Treasury
is notdesirable, yet it is a complaint that is easily
cured.
Depletion is a very convenient and certain
remedy.
I would much prefer to be twenty millions flush
than one hundred millions short.
I think it would be much more comfortable.
Suppose you were to have a war, of which
you have not for a long time been in greater
danger.
The bloat of your sub-Treasury would soon
come down.
That disease has got to a head already; and if
we should have a war, the patient would need
I tonics rather than depletion.
I The surplus has not increased for the year
I past, our outgoes and income being nearly equal.
So you see that danger lessens; and besides,
sir, the twenty millions of surplus now on hand
can be distributed among the States, and perhaps
that is the best way to dispose of it.
It would be quite convenient for the debtor
States, and such are most of them.
Why, sir, my State (New York) would have
about three millions of dollars. She, I think,
would have no objection to that, though her credit
is hi<*h, and her stocks above par. Thre^tiillions
of dollars would be mighty convenient to help
finish her enlarged canals.
