1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
78§
The explanatory notes of the petition are—
1. Object of the petition, and guarantee to the
manufacturing interests of this country.
2. Its necessity.
3. Its relative value.
4. The result, if granted.
5. Summary.
I. The object of the petition is to solicit the
Senate and House of Representatives to classify
ft manufactures of combed wool or worsted, im-
ported in the gray or rough state," in the tariff
of duties as unfinished goods, and place them in
a schedule between the raw material intended to
be manufactured, and the articles imported in an
entirely finished state. The above articles have
been imported from Europe for several years past,
and the tariff has been interpreted in such a man-
ner that the highest rate of duty, twenty-five per
cent., has been levied thereon, a rate equal to that
of similar goods when imported from Europe
dyed, printed, and ready for the market.
A single observation will suffice to prove the
justice of this petition.
If the proprietor or holder of these articles
should find it impossible to„ have them dyed or
printed in this country, he would not be able to
obtain for them a price equal to the duty paid for
them; such is not the case with the same articles
when finished.
This petition does not, in any way, interfere
with the manufacturing interests of the United
States, for it is impossible, or rather has proved
impossible to this day, to make this article by
machinery. The thread of the combed wool is
so fine and so loose that the shock or jerking
motion of the machinery breaks the threads of
the chain, where they cross the filling. When
worked by hand, the weaver, in passing the chain
across, feels when there is any resistance, and
stops or diives his chain more gently. If, how-
ever, he works roughly or without sense, like a
machine, breakinglarge numbers of threads which
must be knotted again, his work is good for
nothing—he is dismissed and a better hand is
substituted. Weaving these tissues by hand, is,
for the present, in this country, out of the ques-
tion—manual labor being too high.
England and Germany, not wishing to be de-
pendent upon France for this article, offered a
large premium to any one who would invent a
machine for weaving the chains of combed wool;
thirty years have passed by, a number of attempts
have been made, fortunes have been sunk, but no
favorable result hats been obtained.
II. Both tune and circumstances call for it, and
its necessity is still greater with us than with any
other nation, who, notwithstanding, pursue the
following system:
In Prance, in England, in Germany, and in
Russia, we seldom find large dyed and printed
assortments of the articles enumerated in the
above petition; and this is very natural—nothing
is so changeable as the fashions; colors and de-
signs sought after to-day, are neglected next
"week, and others are substituted. But as there
is in France constantly on hand a large stock of
the rough article, the dyeing and printing is only
done to keep pace with the wants and demands
of the market.
In England, in Germany, and in Russia, the
same system is now followed, as the rough arti-
cle is imported and pays either no duty, or a
lower duty than articles which are finished and
'ready to pass into the hands of the consumer.
No country can be more interested to follow their
example than ours.
The merchants of the United States are obliged
to transmit their orders to Europe three or four
months before the goods are wanted for sale. Is
it possible to foresee, for so long a time, what
colors and designs will be then in fashion ? This
can only be done by adopting the method to which
the business of the United States tends; there-
fore, the necessity exists. With the rough article
"we can always replace our assortment, both in
colors and in designs.
• HI. It is easy to prove its relative value. Com-
mercial operations will have greater stability.
This method will enable the commerce of the
United Stalks to be carried on on a larger scale.
Where there is safety business always will ex-
tend. The merchant who can dispose of a thou-
sand pieces of goods with an ordinary assortment,
is sure to sell fifteen hundred when he has it in
his power to gratify every capricious demand of
the market. Besides, the money expended in
dyeing and printing remains in the country, and
consequently our Treasury, our commerce, and
our manufacturing interests will ail be equally
benefited.
IV. If this petition is granted it will establish
in this country two branches of industry: the
dyeing and printing of worsted goods. For some
years past America has proved that her dyeing and
printing of goods, of which the tissues are pure
combed wool, equals the productions of France.
If the petition of the signers is granted, the im-
portation of the rough goods will sustain our dye-
ing and printing establishments, and before ten
years are passed, large establishments, equal to
those of France, will be seen in the United States.
If, in future, it should become possible to use
some mechanical power in the weaving the chain
of combed wool, whether invented here or in Eu-
rope, a short time would suffice to avail ourselves
of its advantages. We should only have to im-
port the raw goods, and we should be ready to go
to work.
V. By this petition, we do not ask for a reduc-
tion of the tariff. The duties for articles in the
rough have never been fixed, and these articles
are not salable without passing through certain
processes. We therefore pray that the rates of
duties be determined, and the articles be classi-
fied.
We wish to show the necessity of the object,
as well as the advantages, and point out two im-
portant branches of industry which have taken
root in this country. ^
Mr. ORR. Mr. Chairman, I move to strike
out the enacting words of this bill. I do this for
the purpose of taking this bill into the House
where we may vote upon it. The chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means reported the
original bill. He, as I understand, has introduced
a substitute for that bill, which reflects the opin-
ion of the majority of the Committee of Ways
and Means. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Letcher] has a pronosition which reflects the
opinion of the minority of the committee. One
or the other of these propositions had better be
adopted by the House than that there should be
no reduction of the tariff. I think it important
that we should pass a bill on the subject, even if
it is not a perfect one, rather than this Congress
should adjourn without reducing the tariff. My
individual preferences are for the proposition of
my colleague, [Mr. Bovce.] When the proposi-
tions are carried into the House, we can then have
a direct vote on them. First, the substitute of
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] will be
offered. Then the substitute of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] will be submitted.
The vote will be first on the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, and then upon the substi-
tute of the gentleman from Ohio. I believe that
one or the other of these measures will more nearly
reflect and represent the views of the great body
of the House than any other which could be de-
vised, even if the dilute should be continued for
two or three days further.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of order.
I insist that under th > rules of the House the
committee cannot entertain the gentleman's mo-
tion during the pendency of an amendment.
Mr. ORR. I refer to the 119th rule.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
pomt of order.
Mr. STANTON. Is it in order to make a
speech in reply to the speech of the gentleman
from South Carolina ?
The CHAIRMAN. Further debate is not in
order.
Mr. STANTON. What will be the effect of
the motion?
The CHAIRMAN. It will be to kill the bill.
If the bill is reported to the House with the rec-
ommendation that the enacting clause be stricken
out, it will amount to the rejection of the bill.
Mr. CLINGMAN. It is then for the House
to determine whether or not they will agree with
the report of the-committee.
Mr. STANTON. Will the amendments, in the
nature of substitutes, go into the House, and will
the House have the opportunity to vote on the
substitute which has been amended in committee ?
Mr. ORR. The original bill alone goes to the
House. I ask for tellers on my motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright of
Mississippi, and Davis of Massachusetts, were
appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 98, noes 53.
So the motion to strike out the enacting clause
was agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise and report the bill to the
House, with the action of the committee thereon..
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. H. Marshall reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
House bill (No. 566) to reduce the duty on im-
ports, and for other purposes, and had directed
him to report the same to the House, with a rec-
ommendation that the enacting clause be stricken
out.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. On the last day of the last session of Con-
gress a bill was passea entitled " An act to divide
the State of Texas into two judicial districts."
There was a clerical error occurring in the bill——
the word "counties" before the names of the
counties constituting the first judicial district
having been left out. Upon consultation between
the Committee on Enrolled Bills of the House and
that of the Senate, it was thought that we had the
power to insert the word " counties," as it neither
added to nor diminished the bill. The word has
been inserted, and the committee report it for the
approbation of the House.
The bill, as reported, was accepted as truly
enrolled; when the Speaker signed the same.
THE TARIFF AGAIN.
' Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the previous
question is sustained by the House, and the
House come to a vote, and non-concur in the
recommendation of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, I understand I shall
then have an opportunity to submit a substitute
for the original bill. Am I correct?
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon concurring in the recommendation of the
Committee of the Whole, which is an independ-
ent proposition. If the House negative that, the
House will be brought to the consideration of
another independent question—upon the bill it-
self.
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio. Then the previous
question, if sustained, will not cut me off from
offering the substitute ?
The SPEAKER. It will not. It will only
apply to the recommendation of the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then I call the
previous question upon concurring in the report
of the committee.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STANTON. Before the question is taken
upon ordering the main question to be put, I wish
to know what is to be the effect of this proposi-
tion. If I understand it correctly, the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means will offer
his substitute, modified from what it was as ori-
ginally reported by the committee; and if the main
question is ordered, there will be no chance to
vote upon the amendments made by the Commit-
tee of the Whole. Now, I want the yeas and
nays upon ordering the main question, that the
House may understand fully that in ordering it
they are cutting off all amendments.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I call the gentleman
to order. I object to these homilies, under the
guise of a question.
Mr, CLINGMAN. As I understand the Chair,
ordering the main question will not cut off amend-
ments. It will merely bring us to vote on strik-
ing out the enacting clause. If that proposition
bo voted down the bill will be open to amend-
ment.
The SPEAKER. That is the only question
on which the previous question will operate.
Mr. FLORENCE. Do I understand that if
the main question be ordered we will have an op-
portunity to offer amendments r
The-SPEAKER. It is impossible for the
Chair to determine that now.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will it be in order ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The main ques-
