THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 20,
There is no difficulty in perceiving how this
thing has been brought about. The manufac-
turing interest, the woolen and the iron inter-
ests, both combined. Finding they were not
strong enough together to protect their specific
products, without the aid of the agricultural or
planting interest, they go to work and deliberately
leave the present duties upon all our agricultural
productions,every one of them—hemp, flaxseed,
linseed oil, sugar, and also upon iron, and even
scrap iron—not an old horse shoe is to be im-
ported to come into competition with the iron
manufacture of Pennsylvania. By affording pro-
tection to my friend from Missouri, [Mr. Jvkn-
nett,] by affording protection to my friend from
Louisiana, [Mr. Taylor,] by affording protec-
tion to my friends from Pennsylvania for their
iron, and by affording protection to my friend
from Massachusetts, {Mr. De Witt,] upon his
woolen goods, they are enabled to strike down
the wool-growing interest of the countiy, and
they have done it, and done it against my vote
and my protest. I expect to go homo and answer
for my vote, and I hope all otheis will be able to
do it.
Mr. Chairman, my position is fixed. If there
is to be no system of protection applicable to
every interest, then I say to my fieo trade friends
everywhere, that I will strike hands with them.
I shall be here next winter; and if 1 have good
health and strength I will be ready to go to woik
and make hemp and sugar duty free, and I will
be prepared to remove the discriminating duties
between domestic and foreign shipping. Let us
try then, and see. how free trade operates. Gen-
tlemen have gained a present triumph that they
chuckle over. They laugh ut us because we com-
plain of having been abandoned, and that gentle-
men, who profess to favor the principle of pro-
tection, have proved false to ii when it has not
happened to graduate with the inieiests of their
immediate constituents. I have acted on princi-
ple; but if we cannot havt> a general system of
protection, a system that will protect the agricul-
tural, manufacturing, conimejcial, and mining in-
terests, then f am against protection. I will not
stand by and see my constituents sacrificed—see
their interests disregarded and trampled under
foot without letting it be known that 1 am neither
cheated nor humbugged. 1 know what you have
done, and know you have done it through the in-
strumentality of parliamentary trickery and fraud.
I have done.
Mr.CAMPHELL, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I
regret exceedingly that any member should deem
it proper, at this stage of the session, and in the
precarious condition of great public interests, to
have indulged in any harsh or intemperate remarks
in regard to the course which has been taken by the
majority of that important committee of which I
happen to be the organ m this I tall. I regret still
more that a colleague, representing part of the
great and noble State of Ohio, which iw the place
of my nativity and the home of my future, should
have seen proper, upon an occasion like this,
to charge upon me, as the chairman of that com-
mittee, that the Committee of Ways and Means
had received and adopted a hill from outsiders,
and then forced it through this body by '4 thimble-
rigging," trickery/'and Aaud* " Ttie charge
is one which affects directly the integiity of the
committee and the fidelity of the House, and I
brand it at once as a base calumny, as well upon
ray colleagues upon the committee as upon my-
self. My colleague will understand the full im-
port and eftcctof the brand which, before tins
House and the country, I put upon his insinua-
tion, and hold me responsible for it.
Mr. Chairman, the bili which has passed the
House to-day by a triumphant majority is pred-
icated on the principle recommended by the Sec-
retary of the I reasury, differing in the details, be-
cause the Committee of Wnys and Means would
not agree with him in every point.
The gentleman charges outside influences upon
me; and in the very same breath says that the
wool statistics, which formed the groundwork of
that great speech, which, had it not been spoiled,
would produce a tremendous effect upon the wool-
growers of his district and the country, had been
procured from importers and traders in the article
m the commercial cities. I therefore, in return,
chaise that outside influences and operators "drew
the wool over his eyes," and that he is not a
faithful representative of the agricultural interests
of that great and growing district which he repre-
sents. Sir, my colleague now wears upon his back
fabrics of wool made not by American hands, but
by the pauper labor of Europe. Four fifths of the
intrinsic value of the very garments which now
decorate his poison are the products of those la-
borers who have no sympathy with us, and no
identity with American interests, nor devotion to
the institutions which are the piide of this great
nation of ouis, and which form the basis of our
independence.
The Committee of Ways and Means proposed
by their bill to give those facilities to the manu-
facturing interests of the country that would en-
able them to build up as well upon that beautiful
stiearn, the Mad river, which runs through my col-
league's district, as elsewhere, all over our land,
the very establishment which would fabricate the
raw material, and enable him, as it would others
elsewhere, when they return to the next or some
future Congress, to clothe their persons in gar-
ments manufactured fiom the product of Ameri-
can soil by American hands, and at the same time
to furnish to those who engage m the growth of
wool and other agricultural products a market at
home.
Mr. Chairman, it will be a great and glorious
day for this country of ours when every mount-
tain cascade will be made to turn its water-wheel,
and spin our raw materials into fabrics which
American necessity or taste demands, and at the
same time furnish a home market for the products
of agriculture. This, Kir, as I stated m my re-
marks,grand idea whtch characterized the
American system, of which Washington was the
pioneer advocate, in 1700; and it was sustained
by Fiankhn, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, Clay,
Webster, Jackson, Calhoun, and other great
American statesmen,in the conflicts of contending
parties in all times past.
Mr. Chairman, the majority of the Committee
of Ways and Means attempted to grapple with
this great, question of regulating the revenue law
under the most embarrassing circumstances which
have ever sunounded any similar committee of
this House. Whether we have discharged our
duties—whether we have labored faithfully and
assiduously to bring together discordant elements,
in older that something might be done for our own
country, must be lwt to the members of the House
and the country to deteimine.
So far, let me tell my colleague, as responsibil-
ities to a constituency are concerned, I am as well
prepared to meet mine as he is to meet his. As
to the future, when he comes into the next Con-
gress, and shakes hands, as he now promises,
with those who propose free trade, I have only
to say, that if alive and in health I hope to be
heie also, ami to be prepaied then, as I am now,
to defend my positions, and the industrial inter-
ests of my own country against the ad verse policy
of all the nations of the earth. When my col-
league returns to his constituency, they may
require him to explain to the wool-growers—of
whose flocks he has boasted—the reason why, on
tins day, he voted for the proposition of the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,]
which proposes to reduce wool to a duty of eight
pei cent, ad valoi em. When he shall have finished
his explanation to them upon that point, if he
sees lit to visit my district, (where 1 promise him
kind treatment,) to arraign me, or to charge in-
tngue or fraud upon my oiticial action, I will meet
him ri§ht gladly, as promptly as i do now, to
repel his attacks, and to defend the action of the
House of Representatives of to-day.
Mr. CARLILE obtained the door.
Mr. STANTON. 1 hope the gentleman from
Viiginiawill allow me a moment, as this is a per-
sonal matter. 1 wish to say a single word.
Mr. CARLILE. I will, if I do not lose my
right fo the floor.
Mr. STANTON. I have been dealt with a little
harshly, and I hope the gentleman wiil permit me
to say a word.
Mr. CARLILE. I will allow the gentleman
to occupy a portion of my time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object, un-
less the gentleman from Virginia yields the floor.
Mr. CARLILE. I do not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I ob-
ject.
Mr. FAULKNER. Has not the gentleman
from Virginia a right to yield a portion of his
time to the gentleman from Ohio >
The CHAIRMAN. Only by the general con-
sent of the House. Such has been the practice
of the House.
Mr. FAULKNER. Then I move that my col-
league have permission to extend that courtesy
to the gentleman from Ohio.
The CHAIRMAN. Such a motion is not in
order. Unanimous consent is required.
Mr. CARLILE. It is not my purpose, at the
close of the session, to inflict on the House any-
thing like a speech, or to be instrumental in retard-
ing the necessary public business. I have ob-
tained the floor for the purpose of calling the
attention of the committee, and of the country,
to a proposition which I submitted some weeks
ago, and which is now pending before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, in the shape of a bill enti-
tled " An act to equalize the grants of land to the
several States in this Union." That bill the Com-
mittee on Public Lands has not yet been able to
report, and is still m possession of the committee;
but 1 am informed they are ready to report it
whenever an opportunity offers. Intimately con-
nected with the subject of the tariff, which has
occupied for some weeks the attention of this
body, is the disposition of these lands. The chief
argument why there should be a change in our
present tariff law arises from the fact of the abund-
ance of money locked up in the Treasury, and
withdrawn from the circulation of the country.
The argument heretofore urged against the dis-
position of the public lands has been, so far as I
understand, this: that the proceeds arising from
the sales of the lands went into the Treasury, and
to that extent relieved the people of taxation.
That argument has now no force. You have an
overflowing Treasury. You expect that at the
close of the next fiscal year you will have, un-
less some change be made in your revenue laws,
a surplus of sixty odd millions of dollars. It
does not require any great familiarity with the
business interests of the country to see that that
sum thus withdrawn from circulation will operate
fatally on all sections, and e\ery interest in the
country. This argument, therefore,,not having
any force now, I shall not consume time in meet-
ing it.
Another argument has been urged by some that
it would be unconstitutional to make this distri-
bution of these lands. Sir, I hold that, in view
of the legislation of the past, in view of the man-
ner in which this Government has acted as trus
tee of those States which ceded the lands for
special purposes, in view of the manner m which
that trust has been discharged, ceding them back
to the States is the only constitutional way in
which we can execute the trust. Sir, wc of the
section of the country from which I come, are re-
proached with being backwaul in improvements
and in progress. That backwardness is charged
by gentlemen styling themselves lovers of free-
dom, to the existence of the institution of slavery;
and they attribute what they please to call their
progress in the march of improvement to the ab-
sence of that institution.
Sir, I think that the statistical information
which was called for by this House the other day,
by a resolution which, through its kindness, I
submitted, will show, when furnished, that this
improvement, if there be any justice in the claim,
arises from the fact that those who represent on
this floor the section of country where the insti-
tution of slavery does not exist, have appropriated
millions from the public Treasury and from the
common fund, in the shape of land grants and
direct appropriations, where not one dollar has
been appropriated for the benefit of those States
from which this land fund was derived.
Now, sir, a.s I do not intend to consume more
than a few minutes, I will read from the grant
made by Virginia of that empire which she gave
to the United States in 1783; and we will there see
that it is a violation of the terms of that grant to
make donations for works of internal improve-
ment and for railroads in the States in which
these lands lie:
" That all the lands within the territory so ceded to the
United States, and nof reserved for, or appiupi iated to any
of the before-mentioned purposes, nr deposed of in boun-
ties to the officers and soldiers of the American army,
shall be considered a common fund tor the use and benefit
of such of the United States as have bccome, or shall be-
come, members of the Confederation or Federal alliance of
