iM
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 20,
Mr. LETCHER. I suggest that the gentle-
man withdraw his motion to rise, and allow us ]
to report this bill to the House to-day. There are
four other appropriation bills behind, on which
the gentleman from Tennessee can speak.
Mr. AKERS. I will withdraw my motion if
it be the general understanding that the gentleman
from Tennessee shall have the floor on the next
There was no objection; and the motion to
rise was accordingly withdrawn.
Mr. LANE. Is an Amendment in order ?
Mr. LETCHER. The Committee of Ways
and Means propose several amendments, which
I desire may be voted on. Then the gentleman
from Oregon, or any other gentleman, can submit
amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs on
the first amendment of the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand tellers.
Mr. LETCHER. There is no quorum here, I
am satisfied about that. If the gentleman is
going to make that objection, I shall move that
the committee rise.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to know
•whether you have a working quorum here.
Mr. LETCHER. I am satisfied there is not;
but I tell my friend from Tennessee that J do not
intend to pass this bill without a quorum. 1 only
want to get it out of committee, and when there
is a quorum wc can act upon it in the House.
Mv. JONES, of Tennessee. Less than a quo-
rum cannot report it.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Sapp, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes IOC, noes 14.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Paj(eImp twelve : Ktrike out{< $2slf>0,UO(V1 and mneit
w140,000;" m> tli.U tin' clause shall n-nd :
Kur compensation to po-itmaM.ers, $J,110,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Vniii' 'i, hue lifteen; strike out "$•}£,500," and invert
"$ 1.0,000;v tlmi the clause shall read :
*' Fur wrapping papet, $'15,1100,"
The amendment was agreed to.
Fourth amendment:
PmjH ii, lint's seventeen and eighteen: strike ont" five
Imadrod so that iho <,luu'-e Khali read :
<' For otlieu furniture in the po-t otiu-es, $6,000,"
The amendment was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Pa^o tl. Inn' nineteen j «.tuke out " #85,000," and insert
,{ $^0,000 ><1 tint the elatise shall lead:
u For advertising, $'80,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
Past' 2, line twenty; strike out "58,500," and insert
u55,000so that tin* clause bhall read;
11 Fur mail-baj^, ,555,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
l'uge 2, line iweniy one: strike out" 91,500," and insert
fi >195,000f,o Hint the elniw shall read :
" For blanks, and papet lot the same, $95,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
Pago 2, tine twenty three: strikeout and in-
sert u $15,000;" so that the «laus« shall read :
£- For limit-locks, keys, and stamps, 415,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Pa«<
insert1
" For clerk-, in the othee* pnstma u u- , $775,000. "t
The amendment was agreed to.
Tenth amendment:
Page i-\ line twenty-rune: strike out "$75,000," and in-
sert " .$05,000tJiaf the clau&e thall read:
" For postage stumps and stamped enveiopes3$9oj000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Eleventh amendment:
Page 2, Jinn two, in section two: strike out" $1,146,483,"
and insert" $6(16,so that the heetion shall read:
" Hec. 2. Jlivl be it further cnacted, That the sum of
$666,^83 he, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, to supply deficiencies in the revenue of the Post Office
Department for the year ending the 30th of June, 1857."
The amendment was agreed to.
, line twenty-eight: strike out   $715,000.'
vothut the clause -h.iU read :
and
Mr. BOWIE. As the amendments of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have been disposed
of, I now move to amend the bill by adding thereto
the following:
For the erection of a post office building at Annapolis,
Maryland, $10,000, to be disbursed under the direction of
the Postmaster General, in pursuance of contiacts to be
made by him.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order,
["No!" " No!"] This is no time for fun. I
want these questions settled as they are, right or
wrong. Here we are within ten days of the
close of the session, and gentlemen appeal to me
to let an amendment come in not in order. I
raise a question of order upon that amendment,
and I want the Chair to decide it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
objection, for the reason that the amendment
provides for independent legislation.
Mr. BOWIE. Then I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair. By reading the various amend-
ments which have been adopted to this hill you
will find that they are appropiiations of money
out of the public Treasury to pay for post offices
in all the various parts of this Republic. There
are appropriations made out of the Treasury for
that purpose; and here [ ask an appropriation of
$10,000, simply to build a post office m the city
of Annapolis, the capital of my State, whore wc
never have had a public building, and whore the
Government has been obliged, from year to year,
to lure accommodations for a post oifice.
Mr. PURYEAIt. 1 rise to a point of order.
Mr. BOWIE. The gentleman himself is out
of order*
Mr. PURYEAR. I wish to know whether
this debate is m order?
Mr. BOWIE. 1 am simply asking for an ap-
propriation of the public money; and whether it
t>e upon one appropriation bill or upon another, it
is clearly in order; for it is an appropriation of
the public money. That is the simple reason
why it is in order; and it is immaterial whether
it be for carrying the mail, or for building a post
office. It is an appropriation in regard to that
great Department of tlie Government, and is m
order. A lull having* reference, to that subject is
now before the committee, and it may be amended
in any way which is germane to the subject,
whether it be by a proposition to build post ofiiees,
establish post routes, or to increase the expenses
in regard to the transportation of the mail. It
belongs to the Post Office Depai tment of the Gov-
ernment. If you choose to have twenty or thirty,
or even half a dozen various branches of business,
you will never get along in the dispatch of busi-
ness. 1 am a practical man myself, and 1 want
to get along as easily as 1 can, without any multi-
plication of functions. 1 say, therefore, that this
amendment is unquestionafjly germane to the
subject; and if the gentleman raises a question of
order, he may as well withdraw it.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 agiee with my friend in
that, for the Chair will not enforce it, I see.
Mr. BOWIE. You might as well not make
points of order.
Mr. LETCHER. I say so myself.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland will confine himself to the question of order.
Mr. BOWIE. I am confining myself to it, and
I mean to do so, for I never mean to be out of
order.
Mr. BOCOCK. Will the gentleman from Ma-
ryland allow me to put a question to the Chair?
T desire to know how it is that the gentleman from
Maryland is to be ruled out. of order m not dis-
cussing the point of order up, when the debate
on this bill has not been terminated in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union?
When gentlemen have the right to speak on the
tariff, land distribution, and anything else they
choose, what is there which confines the gentle-
man from Maryland to the precise question?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state, in
answer to the gentleman from Virginia, that a
question of order is pending. A question was
raised, and the Chair decided, that the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Maryland was
not in order. From that decision the gentleman
from Maryland took an appeal; and the Chair
holds that, on the appeal, the- gentleman must
confine'himself to the question of order.
Mr. BOWIE. Will the Chair be kind enough
to tell me explicitly what it did decide?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
the gentleman from Maryland must confine him-
self to the question of order now before the com-
mittee.
Mr. BOWIE. Will the Chairinform me what
is the question of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
ryland has offered an amendment to the bill be-
fore the committee, and the Chair rules that it is
out of order. From that ruling the gentleman
from Maryland takes an appeal.
Mr. BOWIE. I want to know who made the
question of order on me ? I really do not under-
stand the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must con-
fine himself to the appeal.
Mr. BOWIE. Then 1 withdraw the appeal.
Now, in regard to the post office at Annapolis,
I have said enough to satisfy the House of its
necessity. We have never had a post office there;
and we now actually rent, at the expense of the
Government, a little place for the transaction of
the post office business. 1 now yield the floor to
the gentleman from Oregon.
Mr. LANE. The gentleman from Maryland
having yielded me the floor, I desire to offer an
' amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
what the question is ?
Mr. LANE. I have an amendment which I
will send up to be read.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I thought there
was a question of order pending.
The CI IAIRM AN. Tlie gentleman from Mary-
land withdrew his appeal.
Mr. Lane's amendment was read, as follows:
That the Po^t master Oenei at be, and he is hereby, author-
ized and directed to contract, uii behalf of the Government
ot the United {States, for the ti asportation of the mail
twice a month each way, l?y sea, fiom San Francisco, m
the State of California, to Olympia, m the Territory of
Washington, touching at IluuiboUlt Trinidad, and
Crescent Citj, in the State of California, and Port Orford,
Gaidiner City, ami Cmpqua, in the Territory of Oregon,
ami, if jnaetieable, at Coose Hay, m said Territory, and
Port TowiimmkI, m the Territory of Washington, and such
other mt'Mmedmte points as shall be designated by the Post-
master General: Provided, That the whole cost of said
service shall not exceed the sum of ^I2." ,000 per annum,
whx-h Him is hereby appiopnated for that purpose, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I very reluctantly
raise a question of order on the amendment. This
is independent legislation, and is not germane in
an appropnat.ion bill.
Mr. LANE. Will the Chair allow me to call
the attention of the committee to the facts? The
gentlemen are all mistaken. This amendment is
I a copy, with the exception of one or two words,
of a law now on your statute-book, which was
passed at the first session of the last Congress.
It is a law of the land at present. This mail route
has been established by law, but the Postmaster
General failed to put it m operation. I went to
the Postmaster General to know why, under that
law, he had not established the mail service; and
he stated to me that he had contracted with a Mr.
Mott to perform the service on the very route for
which this amendment makes an appropriation,
and that Mr. Mott failed in the contract. He then
recommended the passage of a bill in the same
terms as this amendment. That bill I introduced,
and it was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads; and that committee re-
ported it back to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The amendment is germane to this bill because
it is a copy of a law which exists on your statute-
book. I know that the committee will not rule
us out. Every one must see the absolute neces-
sity that exists for a mail service between San
Francisco and Olympia, in Washington Terri-
tory. The only difference between this amend-
ment and the law which was passed two or three
years ago on the same subject is this: the latter
left it within the discretion of the Postmaster
General to put on this service, and this amend-
ment requires him to do it.
Mr. SAGE. I rise to a question of order. I
feel compelled, at thug, late hour of the day, and
under the press of Msiness, to insist on the en-
forcement of the 81st rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Campbell] has made the point of order that
this amendment is not in order. The Clerk will
read the 81st r^e.
