1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
the committee, now call the previous question,
■with the understanding that they shall have half
of the time which is allowed to me to close the
debate after the previous question is seconded,
or they may have two thirds of my time. I do
not know that I would object to taking the vote
without any discussion at all, simply upon the
reading of the reports of the majority and the
minority.
Mr. CARUTHERS. Is a motion to lay the
resolution upon the table in order ?
The SPEAKER. It will be as soon as the
gentleman from Maine yields the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Do I under-
stand that it is the purpose of the gentleman
from Missouri to move to lay the resolution on
the table?
Mr. CARTJTHERS. It is.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If that be so,
as it will cut off debate, I call for the previous
question.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Upon that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Alters, Alien, Barksdale, fiend-
ley S. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom,
Burnett, Carhle, Caruthers, Caskic, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cor, Craige, Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry
Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdeii, Edmundson, Elliott,
Etheridge, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foster, Henry M.
Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood,
Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W. Hams,
Thomas L. Hams, Harrison, Haven, Heibert, Hoffman,
Houston,George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, Kidwell,
Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore, Morrison, Orr,
Paine, Peek, Powell, Quitman, Ready, Ricaud, Jtuffin,
Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, 'William
Smith, William li. Smith, Sneed, Stewart, Swope, Talbott,
Taylor, Tyson, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, Warner,
Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wells, Whitney, Williams,
Wmslow, Darnel B. Wiight, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
cofier—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw, Brenton,
Butfinton, Cadwalader, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax,
Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cumback, Damrell, Day, Dean,
De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Durfee, Emrie, Flagler,
Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hail, Harlan, Hodges, Holloway,
Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Kelsey,
King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Kunkel, Leiter, Mace,
McCarty, Kiilian Miller, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott,
Norton, Andrew Oliver, Parker, Pennington, Peiry, Pettit,
Pringle, Purviance, Ritchie, Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Stanton, Sf ran -
ahan, Tappan, Thoiington, Todd, Trafton, Wade, Wake-
man, Walbudgc, Waldion, Cadwalader C. Washburne,
Eliihu B. Wabhbiune, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth
—85.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
Pending the cull,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, stated that he had
paired off upon all Kansas questions with Mr.
Cobb, of Georgia.
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that he had paired
off with Mr. English.
Mr. HUGHSTON stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Oliver, of Missouri.
Mr. NICHOLS stated that, as Mr. Jewett
was confined to his room by severe indisposition,
he had agreed to pair off with him upon this
question.
Mr. THURSTON stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Phelps upon this question.
Mr. WATSON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Stephens.
Mr. KNOX stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Porter.
Mr. CHAFFEE stated that he was not within
the bar when his name was called; but that if he
had been, he should have voted in the negative.
Mr. EDIE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Wheeler upon this question.
Mr. HAVEN said: 1 want the House to let me
have just a moment to say a word upon this
matter before I east my vote. [Cries of "Agreed!"
" Agreed!"] I only desire to say this: if intend
to change my vote, and to vote to lay this resolu-
tion on the table, for this simple reason: I have
expressed in my votes heretofore, and in every
form 1 knew how, my opinion that General Whit-
field is not entitled to sit in this Hall, under his
pretended election, as a Delegate from Kansas. I
uo not think that by any further vote I could give
anymore evidence of my opinions upon the sub-
ject. There are but eight days more of the session
left; and as the gentleman from Kansas has no
vote upon this floor on any question whatever, I
shall vote to lay this resolution upon the table. I
do not think I should subserve the public good by
voting to keep this an open question longer, to
the peril of other practical measures which are
now in great jeopardy of loss for want of time;
and so, sir, in order to get rid of this subject now,
I vote "ay."
The result of the vote was then announced as
above recorded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move that
the vote whereby the House laid the resolution
of the committee upon the table be reconsidered.
Mr. CLINGMAN. And I move to lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Upon that mo-
tion I call for the yeas and nays. I wish to
address a question to the Chair. I understood
that I was recognized by the Chair, and I made
a motion to reconsider, but did not yield the floor.
I desire to know whether that motion is debatable
or not ?
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable. The
gentleman from Maine had occupied the floor as
far as he could do so under the rules of the House.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 94; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Allen, Ball, Barksdale,
Bell, Hendley S. Bennett, Boeock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch,
Broom, Burnett, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caruthers,
Caskie, Clmgnian, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige,
Crawford, Cullen, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Deliver,
Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Etheridge, Eustis, Faulkner,
Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fullei,
Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison,
Haven, Horbeit, Houston, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kellv,
Kennett, Kidwell, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Max-
well, McMuilin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Mooie,
Morrison, Orr, Paine, Peek, Porter, Powell, Quitman,
Ready, Ricaud, Ruftin,Sandidge, Savage, Shorter, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, William it. Smith, Sneed, Stew-
art, Swope, Talbott, Taylor, Tyson, Underwood, Vail,
Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Welis, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zollicoffer—99.
NAYS—Messrs Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Biliinghurst, Bingham, Bliss, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buflinton, Burlmgame, James H Campbell, Chaf-
fee, Ezra Clark, Clawson, Colfax, Comins, Covode, Cragin,
Cumback, Damrell, Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Edwards, Emrie, Flagler,
Granger, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hodges, Hollo-
way, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard,
Keisey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel,
Leiter, Mace, Matteson, MeCarty, Kilhan Miller, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Murray, Noiton, Andrew Oliver, Parker,
Pennington, Perry, Pettit, Pike, Prmgio, Purviance, Ritchie,
Robbins, Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sher-
man, Simmons, Spmner, Stanton, Strarialtan, Tappan,
Thorington, Todd, Trafton, VVade, Wakeman, Walbiidge,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhiiu B. Wash-
burne, Isiael Waslibutn, Wood, Woodruff, and VVood-
worth—04.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. WAKEMAN stated that his colleague,
Mr. Pelton, was detained from the House by
illness.
Mr. BISHOP stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Packer.
Mr. CADWALADER stated that if he had
been in the Hall when his name was called, he
would have voted in the affirmative.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union for the purpose of taking up
the mail steamer appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Oino will withdraw his motion,
and allow me to move to go into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union for the pur-
Gose of considering the river and harbor bills.
nless we do so to-day, we will not be able to do
it at all. I ask the friends of the river and harbor
bills to stand by me.
Mr. HOUSTON. Debate is not in order. I
object;
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
question of order. If the House shall resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for the purpose of taking up the bill
which the gentleman indicated, is not the com-
mittee obliged to consider that bill, and no other;
and will not the committee be excluded from talcing
tip the river and harbor bills under the order of
the House ?
The SPEAKER. That is a matter which must
be determined by the committee. If the House
go into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on any particular subject, it cannot
pass it over unless disposed of by the commit-
tee.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is necessary to
have the appropriation bills sent to the Senate
within a few days, or the Senate will not pass
upon them.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken; and there were, on
a division—ayes one hundred", noes not counted.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, Mr. Bocock in
the chair.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to take
up House bill No. 637, being the bill making
appropriations for the transportation of the United
States mails by ocean steamers.
The CHAIRMAN. That being one of the
general appropriation bills, the motion is in order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the motion of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is not in order to move
to amend it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
that bill be passed over by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. A motion is made by the
gentleman from OhMiga take up one of the gen-
eral appropriation Under the rules of the
House that motion i' ili order, and will be put to
the committee.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I ask if it is not competent to amend that motion
by proposing to take up another bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to amend
the motion to take up a particular bill. That
motion must be put to the House, and if voted
down the gentleman can make another motion.
The motion of the gentleman from Ohio is in order.
Mr- GROW. I ask whether the first business
on the Calendar is not the homestead bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The first business is the
reference of the annual message of the President
of the United States.
Mr. GROW. What is the first bill on the
Calendar ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is the homestead bill.
Mr. GROW. Then I desire to say that if the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio be voted down
I hope the House will take up the homestead bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. 1 call for the reading
of the 135th rule.
The rule was read, and is as follows:
"111 Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
the bills shall be taken up and disposed of in then order on
the Calendar, but when objection is made to the consider-
ation of a bill the majority of the committee shall decide,
without debate, whether it shall be taken up and disposed
of or laid aside : provided, that general appt opriation bills,
and, in time of war, bills for raising money or men, and
bills concerning a treaty of peace, shall he preferred to all
other bills in the discretion of tile committee; and when
demanded by a member, the question shall first be pat in
reference to them.'J
The CHAIRMAN. The 80th rule is even more
explicit.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers on Mr. Campbell's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellt and
Ga^FEE were appointed.
TFhe committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 78, noes 79.
So (he motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the first proposition on the Calendar be passed
over.
The CHAIRMAN. The first business on the
Calendar is the President's annual message.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay aside that business.
Mr. ORR. 1 demand tellers on that motion.
Tellers were ordered; andMessrs, Or.Rand De
Witt were appointed.
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 89, noes 36.
So the President's annual message was laid
aside.
The CHAIRMAN announced that the next
business in order was the President's special
message in reference to Kansas.
