800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
deficiency bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, nf Ohio. I rise to a priv-
ileged question i niuvo that House bill (No.
C3f ) to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for iht* fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1857,
be taken up.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
motion wiii be votiU down.
Mr. GROW. I hope we shall take up the
homestead bid.
The CHAIRMAN The first question is on
the motion 'f the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Simmon's
and Talbott were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
-—ayes 85, noes 6'0.
So the motion was agreed to.
Mi*. CAMPBELL, of" Ohio, moved that (he
first reading of the bill be dispensed with, and
that it ho lead by clauses for amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ETHERIDGE then obtained the floor,
and addressed thecommitteeon politics generally.
His speech is withheld for revision, and will be
published in fix* Append/x.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. With a view of
terminating debate, 1 move that the committee do
now rife.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I hope the com-
mittee will not rise, after such a speech as that,
Without its bring answered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Who will make
the answer? [Laughter.)^
Mr, SMITH, of Virgi|f#| called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Cumiiack, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tollers reported
-—ayes 04, noes £S.
So the committor rose; and Mr. Orr having
token the chan as Speaker pro femporp, Mr. Bo-
coi'k reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the suite of the Union had, according; to order,
hat! the Union go nei ally under consideiation, and
parlieulaily the deficiency bill, und had come to
no lesolucion thereon.
Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the usual
resolution terminating general debate in the Com-
mittee of iln4 Whole on the state of the Union on
(he deficiency bill in five minutes after its con-
sideration should he again resumed.
Mr. REWARD (at" twelve nvmites past two
0*0lock) m«>ved that the f louse adjourn.
Tin) mount) was not agreed to. *
M r. CAMP HELL, of Ohio, moved the previous
vjueMiton open i!ie adoption of the resolution.
Mr. GREEN WOOD. I ask the gentleman
from Ohio to withdraw the demand for the pie-
viouK question, to enable me to submit an amend-
ment so as to terminate the debate m thirty min-
utes, instead of five minutes.
Several iVicMithfts eoneuired in the request.
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOlno. I should he very
^hul to accommodate the gentleman, but I think
it would he prejudicial to the public interest to do
so,
Mr. LETCI IER. f would suggest to the gen-
tleman bom Ohio that he had better allow this
matter to he settled by the House.
Mr CAMPBELL, of Ohm. Very well. I
wilj withdraw the previous question to allow the
amendment toeome in; and if the House choose
to exieud the time, they can cake the responsi-
bility. _ 1 will noi take it. igb
Mr. GREENWOOD. I then submit the amend-
ment which I have indicated, to extend the time
to fJt/ily minutes.
Aar LA MPBELL, of Ohio. I now demand
the i*ivvii>ua quest/on,
1 lie picvi'iub question was seconded; and the
mam question was ordered to be put.
Mr JON ES, ot Pennessee, demanded the yeas
and >mj'a upon the omtndtnem.
The yea«  and naj's were not ordered.
The amendment was not agreed to ayes 40
no*'* 9:1 '
The question recurred upon the adoption of the
resohinon.
Mr. JONES, of To nnessee, demanded the yeas
and navv, and toilers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers v.<• re not ordered; and the yeas and
nnvs were nut ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, movfcd tliat the
resolution bo kid on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution; and being taken, the resolution was
adopted.
LEAVE TO PRINT A SPEECH.
Mr. KEITT. I ask the consent of the House
to print some observations connected with a sub-
ject which I discussed a month a'go. The observ-
ations which i propose to submit arc mainly
cntuut—an examination of the authorities which
I then cited. [Cries of u Agreed."]
DEFICIENCY RILL AGAIN.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, i move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to, the rules were
accordingly suspended, and the House resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Bocock in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the deficiency
bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by clauses
for amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Commutee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
In t!ie paragraph," For the incidental and contingent ex-
peui-c* ol the tii-mi<.i  Mint at San Fianei^eo. California,
32J,0lKV  tuUe oat" jj20,<.00," and illicit U©40,U1}0."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to offer
the following amendment:
Alter the patngraph u For annum! due for the construction
ol the in.uine hospital ;il Viefcsburg, MusisMppi, §7t>*2 58,"
insult a* tollnvvs:
Foi amount necessary to complete the custom-house at
Louisville, Kentucky, $40,000.
Tor amount neee^aiy to complete the custom-house at
Hath, Mume, ,^.">,oU0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am directed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to submit the
follow/tig amendment;
Alu r the words •' For .stationery, $8,5.30," insert as fol-
low- :
Fot miscellaneous item-, £5,000.
Foi ihe purchase of one hundred and forty-two copies of
the fn-t and tenth volumes ol the works* oi John Adams,
lor the member ol Hie Thirty Second Con-miss?, i$f>ol).
Foi the rcappiopi uvaon ol' heietoiore can ted to
the Htupiiix nitul, beimr ilie amount nppiopinued lor the
enaravin^ of lluy-one thoti-ntid liv lnmdu-d nrnl twenty
eo|>ie«. of rite tuecliamcal part of the Patent Otiice tenort
tot is;,]--,2. 1
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IIOUSTON. In lines thirty-nine and forty
I find the following provision:
To supply ,t defu lencv in the appropriation for books for
iiienibeis. (if tin: Tlmt) Thud Conglcj**, $3,000.
f would inquire of t he gentleman from Ohio
whether that does not fall under the provisions
of the law passed at the last session, relative to
the compensation of member.* of Congress ? It
seems to be a deficiency; jut if the books are to
be purchased now, it sti ikes me that the purchase
money ouaht to be controlled by the provisions
of the members' compensation bill
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Oluo. I understand that
the law referred to by the gentleman applies only
to members of the present Congress, it is ques-
tionable whether it applies to books ordered by
the Thirty-Third Confess. Tins is to supply
books ordered by the last Concre^s. 1 am di-
rected by the Committee nf Ways and Means to
ofTer several amendments after the paragraph first
alluded to. They can be read, and if there be no
objection they can be voted on en mu^.e.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amendments.
Mr. OR 11. I should like to understand how
we are proceeding with these amendments. Are
they ah pending, or is the vote to be taken on
them separately 5
The CHAIRMAN. They were read inform-
ally, without objection, and with the understand-
ing that they should be voted on en masse unless
a separate vote was demanded upon any one of
them.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Mr, Chairman, I wish
it to be distinctly understood that I demand a
separate vote upon each one of them.
The CHAIRMAN. The lust amendment will
be again read.
The first amendment was read, as follows:
Page 3, after line foity, insert: For Capitol police, $200.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
To enable the Clerk of the House of Uepresentatives to
pay to John C. Rive* tlie additional compensation for the
Congressional Globe and Appendix, provided form the six-
teenth section of the act making appropi jaumis for certain
civil expense* ot the Government tor the year ending the
30th of June, 1£57, 69.
Mr. ORR. I wish to ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means one question in
reference to that amendment. lias any payment
ever been made to Mr. Rives by virtue of t he act
to which reference is made in that amendment?
Is this a balance, or is it the entire sum?
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. A deficiency
arises under the act of the last session of Con-
gress. The estimate was made by the Clerk, and
ordered to be printed; but it has not yet been
returned. This is the sum required to fulfill the
obligation.
Mr. OR.R. Then the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means is not informed precisely
what sum has already been paid?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The estimate has
gone to the printer, and has not been returned.
Mr. ORR. I suppose it is to carry out. the law
of last session ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is; and it was
unanimously agreed to by the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. SMITH, of Virgiiva. I have been just
told that it is to pay the allowance provided by
the law of the last session, allowing one fifth of
one cent for each page of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix beyond a certain number.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. For the purpose of
getting some information about this matter, I move
to strike out " eleven."
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofOhio. With the consent-
of the gentleman from Kentucky, I will refer the
committee to that section of the law of last session
under which the necessity for this appropriation
arises, it is as follows:
" Jlnd !>e it farther enacted, That there shall be paid to
John C. Rtve.s, bv the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk
of the House of Repie-somativev, out ot the contingent fund
of I lie two Hon^f"?, aeeoidini: to the nunibei ot copies of the
CongtvsMomtl Globe and Appendix taken by each,one cent
foi e\ *'r\ five p.i^e* of that woik exceeding three thousand
pa es foi a long tension, and fifteen bundled pages for a short
one, including the indexes and laws of the United States,
commencing with tlu>, session.''
It is necessary to appropriate this sum to sup-
ply the deficiency arising under that section of the
act.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. It was that word
" deficiency " which arrested my attention. I
understood the gentleman to say that this was a
balance, and not the whole sum. If $11,000 is
the balance arising under that law, I want to
know what is the whole of it?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I would say to
the gentlemen from Kentucky that this item was
not estimated for when the appropriation bills of
the last session were passed. Being an expend-
iture during the present fiscal year, it is a proper
item to carry into the deficiency bill.
I would say that I was mistaken in saying that
a part had been paid. This is the whole amount
necessary under the section of the act which I
have read.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I believe, sir, the
original price of this work was three dollars for
the Globe for the long session, and thiee dollars
for the Appendix, and a loss price for the short
session. At the time that that price was fixed it
was usual for the Congressional Globe to make,
at the long session, some three thousand pages;
and at iheprice then paid, the cost was about one
cent for five pages. Of late years more speeches
have been made, the proceedings have been aug-
mented, fuller reports have been made, and the
volumes have been largely increased.. The pro-
vision which the gentleman from Ohio has read—
the sixteenth section of that act — is to give the
publisher of this work the same proportional al-
lowance for the excess of three thousand pages
for the long session, and of fifteen hundred pages
for the short session,
I believe those are the facts of the case. A pro-
vision for this allowance was made by Congress
at the close of last session, and I suppose there
was no appropriation made to pay what would
become duo under it at this session. It is to pay
