THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
 f 
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1857.
New Series....No. 51.
one cent for each fire pages of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix exceeding three thousand
pages at the last session, and the same for each
five pages this session over and above fifteen
hundred pages.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I had no difficulty in
understanding wlmt the law was. I remember it
very distinctly. What I want to know is, how
many copies of the Congressional Globe do we
take ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Twenty-four for
each member.
Mr. NICHOLS. I think I can answer the
question of the gentleman from Kentucky. The
bill quoted by my colleague directed the Clerk to
pay this extra compensation for the Wfct session.
That law, I presume, is still in force; and this
appropriation is to meet the additional compen-
sation to be received by Mr. Rives during this
session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Here is the appro-
priation of the last session. It is on page 104 of
the. Acts:
" For twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each member and Delegate iu the first session
of the Thirty Fourth Congress, $34,704;"
and then
" For the binding of the same and Appendix, $16,657 92
and then
"For twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe and
Appendix for each member and Delegate in the second ses-
sion of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, ^17,352."
I suppose that this $11,000 odd is for the in-
creased compensation of one cent for each live
pages in excess.
Mr. H. MARSHALL withdrew his amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was agreed to.
The next amendment reported by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means was as follows:
To enable John C. Rives to pay the reporters of the House
tile usual additional compensation for reporting the debates
of the present session, ffgSOO each, $4,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
For the completion of the printing heretofore ordered by
the Senate and House of Representatives, and paper for the
came, $950,001).
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was as follows:
For fees of witnesses on behalf of the Government in the
Court of Claims, and of agents or attorneys to be appointed
by the solicitor thereof, so attend to the taking of depositions,
$5,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee of Ways and Means also re-
ported the following amendment:
To pay arrears of pensions, under the second section of
the act of 3d Februaiy, 1853, m accordance with the decis-
ion of the Court of Claims in the case of Jane Smith,
$1,150,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I rise to a point of order.
The law of 1853 granted pensions to the class of
persons to whom this amendment has reference.
It does not, however, say, in express terms, when
the pension shall commence. The Secretary of
the Interior has ruled that, as the law does not
otherwise declare, the pension must commence
from the date of its passage. I understand the
Court of Claims ruled, in the case referred to in
the proposed amendment, that the pension shall
relate back to 1848. The decision of that Court,
however, does not establish the law, and its ruling
has the effect only to give the party a bill which
is to be reported to Congress for its action; and
until Congress shall confirm and ratify the de-
cision, it has 110 force or virtue as law either in
this House or anywhere else. The law of 1853
grants the pension: it does not say that it shall
relate back. Every fair and reasonable conclu-
sion and interpretation would.commence the pen-
sion from the date of the law; and the mere opin-
ion of the Court of Claims in no wise having the
force or effect of law, my point is, that there is
no law authorizing the appropriation proposed in
this amendment; and therefore the amendment is
not in order.
51
Mr. CAMPBBLL, of Ohio. By the act of
1848, it was provided that the widows of revolu-
tionary soldiers who were married prior to 1800
should be entitled to pensions. Arfotheract was
passed in 1853, providing that those widows of
revolutionary soldiers who were married subse-'1
quent to 1800, should be entitled to the benefits
of the act of 1848. The Secretary of the Interior
decided that they were not entitled to pensions
between the points of 1848and 1853. Thatques-
tionhas been taken to the Courtof Claims, and it
has been decided in favor of the claimants.
This appropriation is for the amount estimated
by the Secretary of the Treasury, as necessary to
pay these claims in pursuance of the principle
settled by the court. That is the whole case;
and we are now either to appropriate the sum
estimated as necessary to give validity to the de-
cision of the Court of Claims, or we are to drive
that very meritorious class—the widows of rev-
olutionary soldiers — to press each her claims
before the court. The Committee of Ways and
Means, acting on this estimate of the Secretary
of the Interior, has reported in favor of appropri-
ating this amount, which is a little over one mil-
lion dollars.
Mr. ORR'. I would like to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether this appropriation,
recommended by the Committee of Ways and
Means, of over one million dollars is not asked
for because of some decision of the Court of
Claims in reference to the pension act of 1853, in I
the case of Jane Smith: and if so, whether that de- j
cision has undergone the scrutiny of this House, j
and been approved by this House? |
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will state, in j
reply to the gentleman from South Carolina, that !
this appropriation is made necessary by a decis-
ion-ofthe Court of Claims; and I do not regard
any other law as necessary. If it is, then your
Court of Claims is a farce; for if the decisions of
that Court of Claims are to be reversed by this
House, you might as well abolish the court.
Mr. ORR. That may be; but the law estab-
lishing the Court of Claims provides expressly
that the decisions of that court shall be brought
before Congress for approval; and the effect of
this amendment is to establish a new law on the
subject. Now, I submit that this new law which
you are seeking to ingraft 011 your statute-book,
is not a proper one to be attached to an appro-
priation bill.
J\lr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If the construc-
tion suggested by the gentleman from South Car-
olina was intended by Congress to be placed upon
the law, the effect is to drive every widow who
has a claim against the Government before the
Courtof Claims, and then lequire her to come
before Congress to have that decision affirmed.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The rules of the House
require that every question of order in commit-
tee shall be decided without dubate; and I ask
for an enforcement of tire rule.
The CHAIRMAN. Tiie question of order
raised involves a question of fact and law upon
which the Chair wished information. The Chair
wishes to ascertain whether the decision of the
Court of Claims, upon which the amendment is
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debate-
able; but the Chair, with the consent of the com-
mittee, will be pleased to hear the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I want to say to the
House that it occurs to my mind that the power
is assumed by the Chair of construing the law.
There is a law, the construction of which has
been given by the Court of Claims. Under that
construction the proposition comes here to appro-
priate the money which it has thus been decided
must be paid. I understand the Chair to decide,
that if this construction of the Court of Claims
be final, then the appropriation is proper; but the
Chair concluding it is not final, and that the De-
partment is not authorized to pay the money,
decides the amendment to be out of order, aMd
that this Legislature has no right to appropriate
the money. Now, sir, I contend that the Chair
is wrong, and that we have the right to appro-
priate the money. I think that we may as well
provide for the contingency upon a construction,
as permit the Chair to rule down our discretion
by determining that there is no law upon which
the construction can rest.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is this appeal
debatable ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not; but the Chair
distinctly stated that the gentleman could proceed
by the general consent of the committee.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to have the seventh
and eighth sections of the law establishing the
Court of Claims read.
The sections were read, as follows:
"Sec. 7. Jlndbeib further enacted, That said court shall
keep a record of their proceedings, and shall, at the com-
mencement of each session of Congress, and at tho com-
mencement of each month during the session of Congress,
report to Congress the cases upon which they shall have
finally acted, stating in each the material facts which they
find established by the evidence, with their opinion in the
case, and the reasons upon which such opinion is founded.
Any judge who may dissent from the opinion of the ma-
jority shall append his reasons for such dissent to the report;
and such i eport, together with the briefs of the solicitor and
of the claimant, which shall accompany the report, upon
being made to either House of Congress, shall be printed
in the same manner as other public documents. And said
couit shall prepare a bill or bills in those cases which shall
have received the favorable decision thereof, in such form
as, if enacted, will carry the same into effcct. And two or
more cases maybe embraced m the same bill, where the
separate amount proposed to be allowed in each case shall
be less than one thousand dollars. And the said court shall
transmit with said reports the testimony in each case,
whether the same shall receive the favorable or adverse
action of said court.
" Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That said reports, and
the bills reported as aforesaid, shall, if not finally acted upon
durins the session of Congress to which the said reports
are made, be continued from session to session, and from
Jongress to Congress, until the same shall be finally acted
mnn on.l tho rt/intnf rrmnrfc nrif? hills shall.
upon, and the consideration of said reports and bills shall,
at the subsequent session of Congress, be resumed, and the
said reports and bills be proceeded with in the same man-
ner as though finally acted upon at the session when pre-
sented."
Mr. LETCHER. In this case there h^a been
no action upon the part of the House upon the
bill reported by the Court of Claims.
Mr. HAVEN. I wish to make a suggestion
or two in reference, to this matter I have sent
to ftie document room to get the opinion of the
Court of Claims in this case. Now, sir, in the
founded, is to come before the House for its re- j| precise state of things before us, we have got to
vision, or whether that decision is final, (f the ( i come to some determination in reference to the
decision of the Court of Claims is to be submit- ;j matter. I understand that the Secretary of the
ted to the House for its scrutiny, then the Chair j| Interior decides that there is no law authorizing
would be compelkd to sustain ihe point of order ' j this appropriation. He sends us that word, and
raised by the gentleman from Alabama; but if,
on the other hand, the decision of the Court of
Claims is to be considered as final, the Chair would
then overrule the point of order. With the in-
formation now in possession of the Chair, believ-
ing that the decisions of the Court of Claims must
| has acted upon that hypothesis in refusing to pay
! these pensions. We have referred the matterf
i or some of the parties have taken proceedings m
; the Court of Claims, and that court has decided
! that there is such a law, and that under that law
this Mrs. Smith, the applicant, is entitled to be
undergo the scrutiny of the House, the Chan* sua- i j paid her pension from and after the 24 th of March,
tains the point of order, and decides that the jj 1848. Now, we hare got to determine whether
amendment is out of order, because there is no 'i the decision of the Court of Claims, or that of the
existing law authorizing it. j] Secretary of the Interior, is correct; they cannot
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. From that decis- '! both be right. If the Secretary of the Interior in
ion I appeal. '>! right, then the ruling of the Chair deciding; the
Mr. H. MARSHALL, I desire to say a word ' amendment out of order is a proper one,
upon that appeal. tl on the contrary, the Court of Claims is right*
