802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
then it is proper that such an appropriation as
this should be made; and it is in order on this bill
—and I thifik-this is a thing the committee must
determine for itself; it is not bound by the decis-
ion either of the Secretary or the Court of Claims.
The first act to which we must refer in order
to.ascertain which construction is right, is the act
of 1848.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
that he does not think thai question arises at this
point. The gentleman from New York will per-
mit the Chair to state the reasons for his decis-
ion; and the Chair will be glad to hear then any
remarks which the gentleman m^y have to make
in answer to those reasons.
Mr. HAVEN. Certainly. I would be glad to
have the Chair state the points of his decision.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair takes this
•view of the question: there is a rule of the House
of Representatives,that no item shall be admitted
into an appropriation bill which is not providi d
for by existing law. In reply to the suggestion
of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Air. ii. Mar-
shall,) that the Chair has undertaken to dotei m-
ine whether there is or is not any existing law for
this amendment, the Chair respectfully submits
that that power necessarily attaches to the Chair;
for whenever any gentleman rises upon the door
and oilers an amendment not m order, because
against existing law, the Chair must decide for
himself upon the facts brought befoie him,
whether there in any such existing law or not.
When thw quefeu.m was first mixed by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. 1 fonvroN',) the Chair
wished to 'near the facts connected wi'th it. Jt
appears to the Chair to stand thus: A law has
been passed relative to the subject of pensions,
which has gone before the Pension department
and the Secretary of the Inteiior. The Secretary
of the Interior decides that that law does not em-
brace certain claims presented to the Department,
as commg under it. That decision of the Secre-
tary of the Interior would hnve been final, but lor
the establishment of a ('our! of Claims, except
upon appeal to Com.ref.s. By (he ;ict creating the
Court of Claims these p;n ties were allowed to
take their esses holme t he Court of < 'hums, their
to have them examined, and the decision of that
court to be reported to Congress. The (/hair
would hold, if the decision of the Court of Claims
was final, ami that decision Was that the Secre-
tary of the Intenor should proceed to pay these
claims, that this appropriation wa« correct. The
department of the (Jovernment.nuthori/ed to act
upon tins subject would aeknow iedue the exist-
ence of the law. But the Chair understands that
that is not the fact—that on the appeal fiom the
decision of the Secretary of th" intenoi to the
Court of ('hums, that court, in this ease, as it, does
in all otheis, e\presses its opinion and reports a
bill in favor of each case, sepuiabdy; but that the
decisions of that court aie not binding until each
case is submitted and acted upon by Congre1-^
respectively, li'these decisions nic affirmed , Con-
greaa appropriates the money in the bills, in ihe
opinion of the Chun, therefore, there in no exist-
ing law to justify this amendment.
Mr. J0>S"KS, of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, the
correctness ot the decision of the Chair rests upon
the fact, whether these is a law author* *in£ this
or not. Pnoi  o the act of ieC>3, under Vv inch iln^c
claims are t up, no widow id any levolutnmary
officer or soldier was entiti >d to a pt:n-.:on unless
she wss murrji'd to me officer or soldier priAr to
tit'1 year i*t)0. The not of 18,>3 piovuh'S that tnu
widows of all offieeis, non-commissioned ollicers,
mur-ueian-', and privates of the revolutiowu y army,
who n «-ie married subsi quent to January, anno
Domm: iftnJ, r hail be entitled :•> pension m the
game mnnmr as those who v.vie married before
that date. What were the laws be fun; that date ;
The act of July, JLS*0, gave the widow of a icvo-
luuonery ."oldi^r who iud served according to the
law of 7tii June, a pension from the 4th
March, !b31, to the day of her death, or from the
death of her hasnaru, provided she married him
before his last dait: of mtvioo in the revoluuonaiy
war.
The act of July, 1838, gave to the widows of
such officers and soldiers who wore married sub-
sequent to their last date of ^eivice, but prior to
the 3 st of January, 1794, a pension for five years.
That expired; and after it had expired for two
years Congress passed a law in 1844 giving them
one year additional pay, that is,from 1843 to 1844.
Subsequently the act of 1845 gave to that class of
pensioners a pension from the 4th March, 1844,
up to 1848—four years. In 1848 an act was
passed giving to those widows who Md been
married after the last date of their husband's ser-
vice and before 1793. a pension for the remainder J
of their lives. In 1848, I beiieve it was, an act j
was passed giving to those widows who were ;
married after 1793 and before 1800 a pension for i
life. |
As I have already stated, the act of 1853, under !
► which their claims are set up, provides that the i
widows of all officers, non-commissioned officers, j
musicians and privates of the revolutionary army, !
who were married subsequent to January, an no
Domini 1800, shall be entitled to a pension in the >
same manner as those who were married before
that. date. When, then, will you commence ? [
Will you commit noe it at the time-they were en-
titled under the act of July,'1836, from the death
of their husbands, or, if the husbands died prior
to the passage of the act of July, 1832, to com-
mence on the 4th of March, 183L, and to go on
( during their lives, if they were married before the
I last date of service? or will you commence it with ;
! the act of 1838, which gives them alive years' '
| pension, or the act of 1844, which gives them a ■
one year's pension, or the act of 1845, which gives
them an additional foui ycais' pension?
But here is the act of 3853, which says that ,
those who were married subsequent to January,
1800, shall be entitled to a pension in the same
manner as those who were married befoie that
date. Well, these claimants, then, have as much
right to say tluU their pension shall go back and
commence under the act of 183fi, because that
gave pensions to those who were married before
1S00. But, sir, this act of 1853 does not refer to
the time when flic pensions shall commence, and
consequently the Secretary of the interior, upon !
appeal fiom the Commissioner of Pensions, held
that as the act did not specify any particular time ;
\v hen the pensionsshouid comm-mce, they should
commence on the,day of the passage of the act,
and the act has I'-en exi cuted under that con-
struction.
Then why should we now appropriate tins
large amount of money ? The amount m the
amendment is short of the true amount, I under-
stand, by souk $'jtl0sl)00. The estimated amount i
is if, i ,*350,000. The poor widows who wore mar- i
ried subsequent to 1S00, havu.g tin ir pensions '
jusl abon' commf ncin^, the agents could hardly
get anytime.', out of them to pay for prosecuting
their claims; but if the agents can get this con-,
| struefion, so as ta go back and make the a,lt ie-
i troactrve, then, sir, they can come m and pocket 1
I more (ban one hah" of this bounty, which His
| pioposed to give thes ; widows. In my opinion, ■
; it is the claims ngent.-% who s"! up this claim, who
| have made this construction, and have brought
: it befoie the Court of Claims. The court have
j adopted that construction—upon what principle
j I know not; for it seems to mc that under tins
; act of 1853, providing that the widows of the
officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians,
and privates of the revolutionary army, who were
married subsequent to 3800, shall be entitled toa
pension in the same way as those married before
thatdate. Tii^y could go back with equal propii-
ety and say, that th- pensions shah commence
with the dat-  of the death of the husband, and
with the same piopn^ty tlnu they shall com-
mence m 1HH. The gentleman from Alabama
j AT r. Cobb j was upon the Committee of Pensions
when this bill was repoited and passed, and 1
will yield to him.
Air. COBB, of Alabama. I am perfectly sat-
isfied that the decision of the Secretary was cor-
rect, and that th" decision of the Court of Claims
was meonecf. 1 introduced an amendment to
provide for the widows and orphans of the sol-
diers of the vano is wars.
Mr. F1AVCX. I have no desire to interrupt
the gentleman, but I supposed I had the floor. 1
wish the committee to understand that I am not
trespassing upon their time.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. 1 supposed I was
entitled to the floor.
^The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New !
;i York was entitled to the floor, and yielded tem- ;
jj porarily to the gentleman frtmi Tennessee. The
! point presented by rhe Chair was, that the ruling '
of the Court of Claims is not a decision or ruling
which would be binding upon the Department;
and therefore the Department will pay no money
under a decision of the Court of Claims. It will
require each bill to be presented to the House, to
be acted upon separately, and the House will have
the benefit of the recommendation of the Court
of Claims. If the House allow the claim, it will
make an appropriation in the bill to pay it.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the decision of the Court
of Claims in this case is a sufficient law to put
this amount upon an appropriation bill, will not
; it be also a sufficient law in every other case they
] decide, and be construed as an existing law, by
i which we will be obliged to pay all the appropri-
' ations?
i The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
. York has the floor, and had it by consent of the
' committee.
; [Here the committee informally rose; and a
, message was received from the President of the
United States, by Sidney Webster, his Private
Secietaryfanforming the House that the President
had this day approved and signed bills of the fol-
lowing titles:
An act for the relief of the heirs of the late
Colonel John Hardin;
An act to divide the State of Texas into two
■ judicial distucts; and
f An act to increase the pay of the officers of*thc
j Army.
1 The committee agoin resumed its session.]
, Mr. HAVEN. If there is anybody m the
! House who does not desne to hear me, I am quite
willing that they shall have the floor, and I will
j yield it. I have no very definite opinion of my
1 own now on the subject. This is a matter which
i has been sprung upon us all at once. I did not
. know that it was to be presented. I do not know
i but what has been said by the gentleman from
Tennessee covers the whole ground. All I intend
now is to call the- attention of the committee to
two acts upon which, m my present opinion, this
whole matter rests, and upon the proper construe-
j tion which the correctness of the decision of the
, Court of Claims or of the Secretary of the lnte-
, nor must depend. The first one is the law of
Ifr48. 1 will read so much of it as is necessary
, to undeistand the point. (9 Statutes at Large,
! p. 2Gf  )
1 " That the \\ mow-- of all ofiicui non-commissioned offi-
cios, iiinMctuit-, sold:: is. manner--, or marine, and Indian
-pie-., who shall haw sened tn the Continental line, State
j tioops, volunteer*, militia, oi m the naval >ervice, m the
; levoluuonaiy \v;u with Cheat Rotain, ~ha)i be entitled to a
; pension during ^uch widowhood, of equal amount per an-
1 imiin that their husbands would )m\e been entitled to if
, In mi;, ui.dci t\istius* pen-ion taw:- ; to commence on the
•1th diiv of Alaielj, Irt-US, [mail; that] and lo be paid in the
, same maiinei ih.it other pen-ion^ are paid to widows ; but
no widow now leeeivmsj a pension shall be entitled to re-
ecive iiuiihc) p-a-mn under the piovisions of this act;
and no widow maiiied alter the 1st (lav of January, 1S0G,
■ shall be entitled to leeeive a pension under this net."
I If she be a widow of an officer, non-commis-
i sioned officer, musician, soldier, manner, or In-
dian spy, who shall have served in the Continen-
tal line, &c., she shall have a pension during her
widowhood, naming the amount, to commence on
ihe 4 th day of Match, 1848. This act only reached
or extended to widows who were married pre-
vious to the 1st day of .lnnuary, J800, and it de-
clares these pensions shall commence oti the 4th
day of March, 184S.
Now, for the next law upon which this ease
depends. I read tliatp.irt of it upon which the
question hinges. (10 {Statutes at Large p. 154.)
"•That all widows and oipbans who were slanted and
allowed five >ear^' ha!; pay by the provisions ol the act ap-
proved the -ii-t day of July lelQ, entitled k An act amend-
ing the a eft ui anting half pay to widows or oi pilaris where
their husband* c lathers have died of wounds received in
the nni.tan rvice ot lit'.* United rftatet, m ease of d«eoa«.ed
others and soldiei- of the nnlma arid volunteer.-, passed
I July 4, k-36,'o! an act approved on the -22d of day Feluuaiy,
i84y. entitled < An act granting five years" half pay to cer- ,
: taiu widows and orphans of otfiecrs, non-comimr-MOned
| officer, musicians, and privates, both regulars and volun-
i teers.' be, and they are heieby, gianted a continuance of
j said half pay, under like limitations and lestnc-tions, for
' a further period of five years, to commence at the expira-
i tion of the half.pay provided for by the afoi e^airl acts: Pro-
\ vided, however3*T\ivll ill case of the death or manage of
: such'widow before the expiration of said ?ei rn of five j ears,
! the half pay for the remamdei of the term shall go to the
i child or childien of the deceased officer or soMiet, whilst
! under the age of sixteen yyars ; and m like manner, the
| child or children of such deceased, when there is no widow,
shall be paid no longer than while there is a child oi children
under Uje age aforesaid: And provided farther, That no
greater sum shall h<? allowed m any ea^e to the widow or
