1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
803
the child or children of any officer than the half pay of a
lieutenant colonel: *flnd 'provided further. That the act ap-
proved the 22d $f February, 1849,' granting five years' half
pay to certain widows and orphans of officers, non-com-
missioned officers, musicians, and privates, both-regular
and volunteer,' be so extended and construed as to embrace
the widows and minor heirs of the offipers, non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates or the regulars,
militia, and volunteers of the war of 1812, and of the vari-
ous Indian wars since 1790."
I read the second section, as follows:
« That the widows of all officers, non-commissionea offi-
cers, musicians, and privates of the revolutionary army,
who were married subsequent to January, A. p. 1800, shall
be entitled to a pension in the same manner as those who
were married before that date."
The act I first read limited the pension to those
married prior to 1800; a previous one had limited
it to 1794. But this act gives it to those married
after 1800. Now, what does it give to those
widows who married after that? for that is the
only question. It says that widows who mar-
ried subsequent to January, 1800, shall be entitled
to a pension in the same manner as those who
married before that date.
Now, what was that manner? "Well, as I read
that act, the manner, the mode, the process, by
which those widows who married before 1800
was to become entitled to a pension, was by prov-
ing that their husbands, had they lived, would
have been entitled to it, that they are in receipt of
no other pension, and that they were married
previous to January 1, 1800. If they proved all
all of that, they were entitled to a pension. For
how long? uDuring their widowhood." When
was that pension to commence ? In all cases $< on
the 4th qf March, 1848." Now, the only change
that the second section of the act of 1853—which
I have read — makes, is to declare that if they
married after the month of January, 1800, they
shall stand precisely as though they had married
before that time. It leaves the amount, the time
of commencement, and the time of continuance
precisely as it was before; the manner by which
they became entitled differs in no respect, except
ia the date of the marriage. That, sir, is all
there is of the question: it is all there is of it,
upon which I have a fixed opinion—upon which
I can myself rely.
I could say much more upon this subject, but
it would only be valuable as a first impression,
and anybody who followed it would only be ven-
turing upon ground upon which I have no opin-
ion upon which I should myself be now willing
to act or vote. I have a copy of the opinion of
the Court of Claims this moment put in my hands.
I have not time' to read it, but I believe the ground
I have taken before I received it is the precise one
upon which they make their decision to hinge.
They illustrate it, I am told, by decisions of the
State courts of Ohio, and by an analogous use of
the word manner in the Constitution of the United
States, and possibly by other decisions; but of
that, not havingrrnd their opinion, I cannot speak
emphatically. 1 do not doubt the Chair is right
in the suggestion it makes as to the fact that the
decision of the Department is a final decision as
to all the world but Congress, because there is no
body or tribunal to appeal to from the Depart-
ment as to what the law is. I have no doubt
about that whatever. But on the other hand,
when the Court of Claims inform us by their de-
cision that, in their opinion, the Department has
made a mistake in their construction of the law,
and in their opinion it should be construed the
other way, and we are asked which is right, I
hold that we are to be governed by our own judg-
ment—our own good sense and our own legal
opinions in regard to it. Hence I say this is a
question the committee must decide here. We
stand here with the issue between these two tri-
bunals-; and whether we are in order under the
rules of the House or not depends on the fact
whether we agree'with the one or the other— -villi
the Secretary of the Interior or with the Court of
Claims. I have nothing more tc say now about it,
and perhaps what I have said is .f but little value.
" The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
this question to the gentleman from New York:
The Chair, 1 laving previously stated that the de-
cision of the Court of Claims is a mere recom-
mendation to the House, and not final, would
submit to the gentleman from New York this
inquiry: Whether any one of these cases would
be allowed by the Department, without being
brought individually before the House, and acted
on by the House, and without the House determ-
ining, in each case, whether the decision of the
court is right or not?
Mr. HAVEN. I supposed that point was
covered in the remarks which I have submitted.
I do not know what the Department would do.
If we should pass this amendment, it would be a
pretty strong aniLfair indication that, in the opin-
ion of Congress, the Court of Claims was right
in its decision, and I think it very likely that the
Department would yield to it, and say that they
have been wrong. If we fail to pass it, it is
undoubtedly true, as the Chair suggested, thaL
the Department would not, and ought not, to ac?
on the construction given to the law by the Court
of Claims, till a bill was passed in each case; and
then they could not pay until this appropriation
is made.
The CHAIRMAN., Then the Chair submits
to the gentleman from New York whether it is
proper for the House to decide, in this informal
way, that the decision of the Court of Claims is
correct or incorrect, while the law provides an-
other regular way for our action on the decisions
of the Court of Claims ?
Mr. HAVEN. I only beg to say, in reply to
the Chair, that that is what I claim as being the
very question which we hare got to decide on our
own judgment, in voting upon the appeal from the
decision of the Chair. I do not speak with very
much confidence that I am entirely right, but
merely give my impression.
Mr. BROOM. In adopting the amendment
would it not be, in effect, merely declaratory on
the part of Congress of the act of 1853? The
subject has been under full consideration before
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, and I
hold in my hand a report made by that committee
and ordered to be printed, in the case of Nancy
Madison and others. If the House think proper,
I should like to have it read. For my own part,
I cannot see that the act of 1853 is susceptible of
any other construction than that given to it by
the Court of Claims, and,£S the true intent of the
act, ought certainly to be carricd into effect.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called for tellers
on the appeal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Pringle and
Foster were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 68, noes 62.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. BURNETT. I offer the following amend-
ment, and will statG to the committee that it is
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury:
That the sum of $10,000 be, and the same 1-3 hereby, ap-
ptopriated oui of any money m the Treasury not otlienvi-e
appropriated, to be expended, under the direction of the
Secretary of the Tteasury, in limshms, repairing, reiicting,
and refurnishing the marine hospital at Paducah, in the
State of Kentucky.
Mr. CAMPBELL^ of Ohio. I desire to know
of the gentleman from Kentucky whether he has
any estimate from the Department for this appro-
priation ?
Mr. BURNETT. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury has recommended this appropriation. This
rhatter has been passed upon by a committee of
this House, who have unanimously reported a
bill appropriating the money. It is doubtful,
however, whether we shall be able to reach that j
bill during the present session; and I ask, there-
fore, that the appropriation, which ought to be
made, shall be included in this bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is certainly
not germane to a deficiency bill, and I shall there-
fore raise a question of order upon it.
Mr. BURNETT. I think, sir, the point of j
order comes too late: but whether it docs or not, \
I will say to the gentleman from Ohio, that if he 1
will examine the original bill as reported by the >
committee, he will find that there is an appro- j
priatiou there for the marine hospital at Vicks- j
ourg, in the State of Mississippi. It seems to
| me, therefore, that if the point of order would
i apply to this amendment, it would apply with j
! equal force to the item I have named m the ori-
i | ginal bill.
| i Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The case to which
!| the gentleman refers is estimated for in the-regu-
|j lar annual estimates of the Secretary of the Treas-
11 ""The CHAIRMAN. _ The Chair sustains the
jj point of order, anrt dendes that the amendment
11 is out of order
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to offer the following
amendment:-
For the purpose of carrying into effect the (l .foint resolu-
tion directing the payment of certain volunteers and militia,
under the limitations therein prescribed," approved August
8, 1846, so much money as may be necessary, not exceed-
ing $5,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I wish to ask my
colleague whether there is any law rendering this
appropriation necessary? If there is not, I raise
the point of order that it is not in order.
Mr. HARLAN. There is a law authorizing
it. I will read it:
Joint Resolution directing the Payment of certain Volun-
teers and Miliua, under the limitations therein prescribed.
jResolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congrp?s assembled, That
the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and
lequired to cause to be paid, out of the appropi iation made
by the act providing for the prosecution of the existing war
between the United States of America and tiie Republic of
Mexico, approved the 13th day of May, 1846, to the volun-
teers and militia, called and actually received, by virtue of
the orders of General E P. Gaines, into the service of the
United States, during the present year, and discharged be-
fore joining the Army, and such companies as were actu-
ally organized and rendezvoused under baid call, including
the two companies of Major GaHy's command, and the
company Baton Rouge arsenal; and also the company
of Mississippi volunteers, (Natchez Fencibles.) and also
the company of Mississippi volunteers. (Pontotoc Rovers,)
organized and assembled at Viek&I)urg,'and afterwards dis-
banded oi discliaiged, and the companies of Ohio volunteers
assembled at camp Washington, near Cincinnati, and who
claim to have been mustered into service, one day's pay
and allowances loi every day detained in service, and the
usual traveling alowances. and no more. And further,
that where States or individuals have paid the expenses or
provided the means of tians-portation of volunteers to the
place of rendezvous, and furnished subsistence or clothing,
the proportional amount thus furnished to each man, not
exceeding the leeal allowance to each, may be charged on
the pay-iolb, and withheld, and paid to the State or indi-
vidual who actuilly provided the same. And further, that
when surseon^ and assistant suigeons have attended legi-
ment3 of volunteeis to toe time when medical olficcrs duly
appointed l y the United State? entered upon their duties
with <aid roirnnents they miy leceivc the ?ame rate of
compensation, and to*a like number, a« provided for by law;
and peihons doing the duties of assistant quartermasters and
assistant comini^sarips, under like circumstances, may in
like niannei jeceive the same rate of compensation, and to
a hke number, as authorized by evisting Jaw.
Approved, Jiugwt 8, 1846.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I raise the ques-
tion of order that this is not to supply a deficiency
in the appropriations for the present fiscal year.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of ord^r.
Mr. HARLAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. I ask the Chair if lie decides that
there was no law for paying these volunteers?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not decide
that there was not such a law, but that the de-
ficiency does not arise in the appropriations for
the present fiscal year.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man from Ohio why it is that those militia were
not paid under the act of 1846?
Mr. HARLAN. They were not paid for the
reason that the application was never made under
that lav/ until the appropriation had been re-
turned to the surplus fund, and for no other
reason. These companies were mustered at Camp
Washington, and were discharged there because
there were more volunteers than were wanted.
They returned, and never made application for
the money. «
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Were all the other
companies paid ?
Mr. HARLAN. Every other company was
paid. The only reason why we could not get
the recommendation of the Department was be-
cause the Secretary did not know how many
companies might possibly hare assembled there
which had noi been paid. This company did
assemble there, and have not been paid.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is there any report
from the Department on the subject?
Mr. HARLAN. There is; and .there would
have been 110 necessity for these parties to have
corfte to Congress at all, if their roll had been sent
to the Department.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has not decided
that this would not-be a proper amendment to a
general appropriation bill, but that it is not a
deficiency, and is not, therefore, in order to this
bill. Prom that decision the gentleman from
Ohio takes an appeal; and the question now is,
" Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
IVfr. SAVAGE called for tellers.
