804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 21,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Shorter
and Simmon's were appointed .
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
 ayi's seventy, noes not counted.
Mr. HARLAN. I withdraw my appeal from
the division of the Chair.
The Clerk read the following paragraph of the
bill:
For a renpproprintion of $50,000 of the balance of the
appiopnatton for tho medical and hospital department,
wlufu was earned to the smplus fund 30th June, 1833. for
the [) i\ mem o: < hums applicable to said department, accru-
ing uunng the war with Mexico, and not yet settled by the
Ttta^ury" Department, .$50,000.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I raise a question
of order on that paragraph of the bill. It is not
a deficiency; but provides absolutely to appro-
priate $50,000 out of the Treasury.
The CHAIRMAN. This bill was reported
from the Committee of Ways and Means, and
referred to the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union, and the Chair is of the opinion
that it jg not in order to rule out a provision of the
bill. Therefore, the Chair overrules the ques-
tion of order. ^
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following1 amend-
ment:
^nike out the following:
'• Ti ieim!mi\>e theCJeik of the House of Representatives
for money cvpjuded and responsibilities inclined under the
re?o!uuon«*oi' tint llou-.e of July?, ItvG, duelling him to
ftHiii. h ami deliver to each membei and Delegare of the
llon^e oi the present CongiCba certain hooks, §.">0,000;"
and insert in hen iheieof:
For bonk* voted to members of the Uou*« of Representa-
tive,- l>y tie; resolution of t,aul House of Repiesontative^ of
July 7, H\j3, 8o.
Mr. JONI2S, of Tennessee. I submit that the
compensation act approved August 16,185G, pro-
vides that if ony books shall hereafter be ordered
and received by members, they shall be paid for
out of their pav; and that this amendment icj a
viitual repeat of that law, and is therefore not in
order.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no huv for this
nppropitation, and for that leason it in out of
ouler.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. \ will read the
words of iho law. Section five is as follows:
Jii•' 'cil fiaihrr enactc,!^ That d any books shall here
nfrei be ouli'ietl to, and iccivcd l>v, im'int>ers of Congress,
by i .•-.>lu'inn -jI oith''i t i both I Ioum-; oi th«' pi tee
p.uj i,>i i!io f.une --hall he dedueu <1 liom (he com pi iwihon
iieit i/'mmuc p.ovjded loi iieh mem tin : /' > nvultul, ho tm-i'i,
Vh ;L ilii- t hall not e\?f tid to book* oid< t<'d to bi punt'-d
hv li'e public pnntei dunn^ the tlonpress hu which thesaul
jiiv'i.ih'-i i-h.ili have bet a e)  eted.
I wish to say a few words
indulge
M.\ fifiERMAN.
on t!ie nouit of urdi-r
Tit * oHURMAiV. The Chair will
the gvmicman if there he no objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, i will not object if
I shall bo allowi d the same indulgence.
The CHAIRMAN. When ihe gentleman from
Vh rises to uddtess the enuituiuee the name
question Wfil be put to the committee. If there
he no objection the gonthnmxn can proceed; but
if there be objection the Chair must enforce the
rule.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. The law was read,
niul 1 intended to make some remarks, but it was
o'lj'.eted to. if I am allowed to go on, lite gen-
tleman may fo'low me. ["Goon!" <fc froon 1"}
M\. URUUNWOOO. I object to the whole
of if5 u d«-ss ^ettt'ictl discussion ia to Lu allowed.
Tilt: CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
a.r . (J111e• j• <   the g'rifleman from Ohio is not >n
ord •:, i,.vanse it piopose^ au appropriation which
i\5 n io o'.'! Miancc of any exiting law.
SHERMAN, I appeal from the decision
of i1!-1 Cj-ati; and if 1 am allowed to proceed, I
V/OU/I hko t'> VI :.d th" law.
'i CHAIRMAN. The Chair would like to
henr liie "aw. Is iiwie any objection? ["Go
on 15 Go on !*']
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will read the resolution
reft;«vcd w in the amendment, and also the law;
and the* ^'ate my poim.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to know
-—[>* Go on !'''< Go on !"]
Mr. SAPP. I object.
The CTUlIRMAN. A law was read by the
consent of the committee, and the Chair would
Mr. SMITH s of Virginia. I should be allowed
to proceed, and the gentleman follow me.
Mr. SHERMAN. On the 7th of July last this
resolution was passed:
<l Resoh-oJ, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
furnish and deliver to each of the members and Delegates
of the present Concress who have not already received the
same, and puv for the same out of lii§ contingent fund of
the House," &.c.
I omit the names of the books, as it is unneces-
sary to read them. In pursuance of that resolu-
tion the Clerk did make contracts and purchase
l£>ooks before the compensation bill was thought
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
is not reading the law. j
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I will read the law. j
The iifth Section provides as follows: i
"That if any books? shall hereafter be"— '
mark you, this law was passed on the 19th of J
August—
"■ shall hereafter he ordered to or received by members of
Confess by re-ohdion ot either or both Houses, they .shall
be ehaiged," &e.
Now this resolution is by the very terms of the
law excepted. That is all I desire to say upon
the point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to say
a word now. The history of this transaction 
[" Order!" " Order!"]
Mr. EDIE. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
offers an amendment to this bill, proposing to ,
appropriate certain money to pay for books. The
Chair has decided the amendment out of order,
because there is no existing law authorizing such
an appropriation.
Mr. WALBIUDGE. Can I ask a question of
the Chair? ["Older!" "Order!"] Is this origi-
nal provision of the bill appropriating $50,000 jn
order?
The CHAIRMAN. Whether any appropri-
ation in the original bill us in order or not is not
for the Chair to decide.
Mr. WAUUUDGE. ff it is in order the
amendment must be in ordn nNo.
M r. >S11 HUMAN. 1 call for the question upon
the appeal.
Mr. PAINE. I wish fo debate the appeal.
The C11 AIRMAN. The appeal is not debat-
able, debate having been closed by the order of the
[louse.
Mr. CAMPHHLL, of Kentucky. I under- m
stand that the question is upon the appcnl. Upon ;;
that I cull f< >r tellers. j j
Tellers were ordered. 'j
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. He fore the question Si
is taken upon the appeal, I desire to have one of ij
the ruirs of the House read; and I want the com- <;
miuee to h'Nir. it. It is the rule which provides 1
that no man who has an interest m a question
shall vote upon it. ["Order!" "Order!"].,
Thai is what I want; and I am not to be driwm j!
Cii' by cues of " older " ji
Mr. HOUSTON. Tin re are three or four1]
lines of the law which was passed in 1S53, winch -j
I ask the Cb-rk to read. ;j
[Cries (>|* Questiou !" " GLuestion !"] [;
The CHAIRMAN. Tellers ha\e been or- 'j
dered. h
Mr. HOUSTON. I want the law read. It [■
bears directly upon the point, because it shows J(
thai books cannot be bought. 1
Mr. PAINE. 1 object to any debate upon this !!
question. !1
The C'UAlHMAN. ' Debate is objected to.;!
Tellers have been ordered: end the Chair ap-1!
; points Mt-si-a^. Rrei'is and S"i\"\T.n. ii
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. £ fall for the read- :.
I intr of the 40th rule. '
! Mr. PAINE, lobjoc'.
; The CHA It; MAN. H nan only he reod by;'
I general ron^enr. !■
Mr. PAINE. As the Chair refused to allow,:
mc to debate the matter, I objcct to any debate p
whatever. 'j
The question being ki Shall the decision of the ij
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee?" 'i
the commitiee divided; and the tellers reported jj
—ayes 42, noes S3. ||
So the decision of the Chair was overruled; and '
be vet y glad *o hear the gentleman from Ohio read || the amendment held to be in order.
i law authorizing the appropriation. ^ j Mr. SHERMAN. If this was a new question 1
members of the House; but we are embarrassed
by the previous action of the House* On the 7th
of July, 1856, the usual resolution granting books
to new members was passed. That the commit-
tee may see how far it has already gone, I will
read the resolution:
" Resolve.3,. That the Clerk of the House of Representa-
tive* furnish and deliver to caehofthe members and Dele-
gates of the House, of the pre-em Congies^ who have not
already received the same, and pay fo/ the tame out of the
contingent fund of the Ilou-e, such numhe^ and editions
of such hooks of a public ehaiaeter a-weie furnished to the
new members and Delegate?, m the la-,? Cohki e^, undei the
joint re>oluhon of February :23. iF.VJ, find tne resolution of
the Hou>e of Ilcpie^ent.itives of June ^0, J83-1 * Prodded,
That thfj be turnishod at piiees not exceeding those for
which they were heretoloie -sUjiphed to t,aeh memhcid and
Delegates.'1
At that time the new compensation bill was not
thought of, and every one expected, as a matter
of course, that the usual appropriation would be
made to enable the Clerk to execute the order of
the House. In this confident expectation he
promptly proceeded to make contracts and pro-
cure the books; and it s^ems now, from the report
of the Committee of Ways and Means, that it
will require $30,000 to indemnify him from these
engn^emrntc, ^-jade in the honest discharge of his
duty. After t his heovy liability was incurred the
new comn -n;>ation bill passed, on the 16th of'
August, 1H3G. This materially increased the pay
of members of Congress, and by its express terms
was made to apply fo the members of this Con-
gress. I voted against that bill, and chiefly because
it was irtioactive, and provided a different com-
pensation for venires aheady performed, than
what was allowed by the law in existence when
we were elected.
It was also foreseen that the clause of the hill
requiring that the price of all books received by
members should be deducted from their compen-
sation would interfere with the resolution under
which the Clerk had acted in good faith, and that
the refusal of members to take the books might
invoUe the Clerk m a serious loss, without any
fault on his part. To avoid this injustice, section
five provided in substance that the price of such
hooks as "shall he ri after be oidered" shall be
deducted, vtc., thus leaving the price order un-
changed. Soon after the passage of this bill, the
usual appropriation passed the House to enable
the Cl'uk to carry out the resolution of July 7,
but on account of the political dilferenr.es that
divided the Senate and the Hou.se, this appropri-
ation failed, and the Cieik was left under the
heavy liability contiaetid by him.
The Committee of Wayj and Mfun3 propose
to appropriate £30.000 to indemnify the Cleik.
Now, I t'tihmit whether it would not be wiser to
carry out the lesolution of July 7, and appropriate
at onc   a sum sufficient for that purpose. Some
of the new members, I understand, have received
all or a poition of these books. All the old mem-
bers, under resolutions precisely similar, have
now the same books. By the plan of the commit-
tee a favoritism is allowed winch is entirely un-
just to a majority of the new members, who, like
myself, have not received a single volume.
It is said that the distribution of these books
is abused, and that members sell tb'"*m, and thus
make it a mere pretext to increase their salaries.
1 agree that where this is done members should
be held to a strict account by their constituents.
These books are intended for the use of the pub-
lic, and should not be regaided as the property
of the member. They are highly valuable for
reference, but cost too mueh to be purchased by
individuals. I am perfectly willing to assume the
responsibility to my constituents of a proper use
and application of diem. 1 would no more regard
them as my own than I would the custom-houses
and post ofilers built by the Government. All
that are intrusted to me, under this or any other
resolution, shall be justly distributed, or placed
in some public library m my district, where they
can be examined by every one who desires to
study the political history of his countiy. The
money thus expended and applied will not be
regretted by those we represent; but they will
condemn, and have reason u> censure, this pro-
posed application of larse sums to pay damages
for broken contracts, and for an unjust and par-
tial distribution of valuable public books to some
members to the exclusion of others.
Mr. BURNETT. I am one of the members
Mr. SHERMAN. On the 7th of July last—- J I would not vote to furnish books to any.of the ii who would be benefited under this resolution, but
