1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
805
I think with the Chairman, that this amendment
is not germihe, and that the Chair decided cor-
rectly in ruling it out of order. I voted against
the resolution giving these books, and have in-
variably, since I have had a seat on this floor,
voted against all these resolutions. I believe that
it is an improper application of the public money.
I believe it is wrong in principle. The gentle-
man now says that we will do a great wrong if
we do not indemnify the Clerk in the $50,000. I
do not agree with him. If the Clerk has incurred
responsibilities here, he has, in my judgment,
acted hastily, because he was acting before the
appropriation was made to meet the resolution
passed by this House.
Now, sir, here is the view which I take of this
entire subject. At the last session of Congress
we passed a bill increasing the pay of the mem-
bers of this House. That bill contains a provi-
sion that there shall be no more books voted to the
members of the House, unless the cost of them
shall be taken out of their pay. That provision,
sir, was right. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] tells us as a reason why his constitu-
ents will be satisfied with his action, that he in-
tends to put the books in a college in his district.
I suppose, sir, that there are institutions of learn-
ing in the district of every gentleman on this
floor. There are more than one in mine. But I
ask the gentleman, of what advantage will these
books be to the pupils of those schools? Will
not a large nurtiber of them be worthless ?
Gentlemen well know the system pursued in
reference to these books. This system has led to
more abuse than any other allowed by this House.
It is a fact that they are made means of specula-
tion. Large sums of money have been made by
those who are engaged in the business. The past
histpry of Congress would show that these books
have been sold time and again. Such, at least, is
my understanding. When this book resolution
■was up here at the last session, gentlemen stated
that those books were bought up for less than one
fourth of the amount which they cost the Gov-
ernment. We are asked now to violate a pro-
vision of the act which was passed last session,
increasing the compensation of members, to put
this amendment on the deficiency bill, and to take
over one hundred and eighty thousand dollars
from the Treasury for the purpose of giving booka
to new members of the House. I cannot vote for
it with my view of what is my duty as a Repre-
sentative. I am opposed to the whole system. I
have been opposed to it from the time I came
here, and I shall oppose it still.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. No further debate is in
erder.
Mr. PAINE. I have been very unfortunate in
trying to get the ear of the House. I have the
misfortune never to be recognized by the Speaker
of the House to make an original motion. I
move now to strike out " $180,000" from the
amendment, and to insert:
That the Clerk shall be exonerated in any amount which
lie may have paid m the way of furnishing books to mem-
bers under the resolution in question.
This amendment was ruled out of order.
Mr. PAINE. I move to strike out §180,000
— I do not care what the amount is — and insert
$50,000. I only want to be acknowledged as a
member upon my motion, as I have never been
recognized upon this floor by the Speaker of the
House to make an original motion. Now, sir, I
voted against this book resolution because 1 be-
lieved it to be wrong in principle, but I should
deem it ten times more culpable if, after the res-
olution had passed against my vote, I were to sub-
ject the Cleik of this House to responsibility for
carrying out the resolution of the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair must say to
the gentleman that it is not in order to comment
upon the course of the Speaker of the House.
Mr. PAINE. I humbly desire the Chairman
to report to the Speaker of the House, that 1 in-
troduced a little Iamb here, which has been put into
the shambles, and I have been trying to get the
floor every Monday since to release it; and I will
Undertake to say that there is notagentlcman here
that will state I have not been heard for want of
voice. But, sir, I do not intend now to blame the
Speaker, or to cast any reflection upon him. I
tnink it likely I may vote for a resolution of thanks
to him. I may change my mind, however, but
I now think it likely that I shall vote for such a
resolution. Since that little lamb has been in the
shambles, although I have seen the Speaker look-
ing at me when I addressed him, he has never
recognized me or given me the floor, that I might
ask its release: The Speaker may be right, how-
ever, and I may be wrong. [The Chairman's
hammer fell.] If I can have the floor, I will with-
draw my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman has the
right to withdraw his amendment.
Mr. PAINE. Does the Chair give me the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. GARNETT. Under the decision of the
Chair no appropriation is in order as an amend-
ment, unless it is in pursuance of existing law.
I submit that, under that decision, the original
item in the bill itself is out of order. I ask, there-
fore, for a division of the question, and that the
question may be taken first on the motion to strike
out; and if there are officers of the House here'-
after who undertake to make contracts without
authority of lav/, let them suffer the damages
themselves.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion to strike out
and insert cannot be divided. Under the rules
of the House a motion to strike out and insert
is indivisible. If, however, the committee re-
fuse to strike out and insert, a motion to strike
out will then be in order.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I move to amend j
the amendment, by striking out 5)700. The po- j
sition of the gentleman from Virginia who was ;
last up [Mr. Gauxett] might have been main- j
tained, if the decision of the Chair had been sus- >
tained by the vote of the House; but suell has ;
not been the case. The opinion of the Chair has ;
been reversed by the voice of the House—by the
voice of authority; ond 1 am now surprised that ,
gentlemen in this House are determined to vote I
down this appropriation, when itis certainly sus- j
tained by the law itself. Gentlemen have endeav- '
ored to impress upon the minds of this House,
and upon the country, that there is something in
some provision of the existing law passed at the
last session of Congress which militates against
this appropriation.
Now, sir, no'one can possibly read that pro-
vision of law, and give it that construction, unless
the word " hereafter" is made to mean " here-
tofore;" which I do not believe it ever did mean
or can be made to mean. The provision to which
gentlemen refer, is this—I will give the substance
and very nearly the language; That all books
which may hereafter be votea to members of Con-
gress shall be deducted from their pay, or be
charged to them. It had no reference—none what-
ever, to a resolution which had been already passed
for the purchase of books. i
Mr. Chairman, I voted for that book resolu- |
tion. I voted for it because I believed that I, as !
well as every other new member of this House, j
was as well entitled to receive these books as :
those who have been here before and have re- j
celved them. I shall vote for the amendment of j
the gentleman from Ohio, because I believe that j
the Clerk of the House has not improperly, or in i
violation of his duty, incurre'd these responsibil- j
ities. The House voted a certain number to its j
members, by a resolution similar to those which ,
had been passed at every preceding Congress; j
and the Clerk, relying upon the faith of the House, :
that it would do what it had resolved, made every
preparation to supply members under that ordei, j
that there might not be any unnecessary delay.
He did nothing but his duty; for he had no right 1
to believe that the House would not make an
appropriation to carry out its own order. It was
only because of the extraordinary position of,
affairs at the close of last session, that this prop- i
osition failed to pass. The Senate chose to go '
to war with the House, and they battled with us.
They chose to do everything they could to em- ;
barrass the action of the House. Theylmngupon \
this and some other measures, and the House
gave way. 1 shall vote for this appropriation of ;
#182,000, because I think it is right,. If it be voted :
down, I shall vote against the bill. I withdraw !
my amendment.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I offer the
following amendment;
Provided, That if any member of the House of Repre -
sentatives has received either before or alter the 15th dsj
of August, 1858, a part ortiie whole of the books provided
for by said resolution, the satwe shall be deducted from tua
compensation.
Mr. Chairman, in support of the amendment
which I have the honor of submitting, I beg leave
to say to the committee, that by the fifth sec-lion
of the act passed the 15th of August, l&jfi, to
regulate the compensation of members of Con-
gress, it is expressly provided, that if any books
shall be hereafter ordered to and received-* by
members of Congress, by resolution of either or
both Houses of Congress, the price ordered,to
be paid for the same shall be deducted from the
compensation of such member or members. On
the 7th day of July, 1856, but about five weeks
previous to the passage of this law, a resolution
passed this House, ordering books to the new
members; and it is upon that resolution this
appropriation of $50,000 is asked for by the Clerk
of the House. I ask if there is a single member
on this floor who received any books contem-
plated by this resolution prior to the loth August,
1856?
Mr. Chairman, every man is presumed to know
the law. By the act of Congress passed the 3d
of March, 1853, it is expressly provided that no
books shall be distributed to members except such
as are ordered to be printed as public documents
by the Congress of which they are members. If
the Clerk, in violation of law, or in the absence
of ajoint resolution of Congress, has incurred lia-
bilities, he has done so at his own risk, and ho
cannot now be permitted, when that liability has
been incurred in violation of law, to ask for in-
demnity.
This policy that has been adopted by Congress
of ordinary books for the distribution by mem-
bers, if rumor be tiue, has been thS source of
more corruption and mischief to the country than
any other that has been sanctioned by Congress.
It was to cut off and disconnect the Government
from that most iniquitous policy, that I was in-
duced to vote for the compensation bill; I did it
in good faith, believing it would be the means
of putting a quietus upon that fruitful source of
corruption. I still believe, if this law is strictly
observed, it will be the best means of checking a
great and growing evil to the country. I believed,
when I voted for that bill, that it was right; I stiil
so believe. Tinder its provisions I have received
the money, and I, for one, am unwilling, with the
money in my pocket, to abuse the law that gave
it. ilet us in good faith carry out this law (hat
was, in my opinion, so timely enacted for the
good of the country. But, Mr. Chairman, if the
provisions of the law are to be disregarded, and
this policy, so fraught with evil, is to be adopt-
ed, then, for one, I am willing, and shall avail
myself of the first opportunity to repeal it.
Mr. FOSTER. I do not think that it would
be right to adopt the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Mississippi. If membeis liayo
received books under the resolution passed at the
last session of Congress, it would not be right
now to deduct the cost of them from their pay.
It would be more equitable and just to require
them to refund the books; because, by thisamoud-
ment, members are forced into an investment of
their money in books ordered. If the gentleman
will so modify his amendment as to allow mem-
bers who have received books either to rciura
them or pay the cost price, I will go for it. This
will be just. But to force a member who lias
received the books in good faith to pay the pri.'o,
without the alternative to return them, would be
unjust. I am not myself in that condition; not
myself having received any books under that res-
olution. The gentleman argues as though these
books were to be printed. That is not so> as I
understand it. 'The Clerk does not get them
published. He purchases them under the terms
of the resolution. He has ordered them, and he
ordered them before this law was passed. He
had already incurred the responsibility, and some
of the book's may have been delivered before then.
Mr. Chairman, if this were a new proportion
I would vote against it as readily as any m.ui in
this House. But the resolution, when it passeu,
was a usual one, and only proposed to put new
members upon the same footing with the old ones;
that they should have the same books for their
private libraries. The question now is, how shall
wb best get out of oar present difficulty in tii«
