806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
matter? The resolution has been partly carried
out in good faith by the Clerk, and he has as-
sumed a responsibility of $50,000. Shall the in-
equality thus created be indorsed by the commit-
tee? or shall we carry out the whole resolution?
Let all share alike, and give to all or give to none.
As has been suggested by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] members, in view of their
increased compensation, may feel that instead of
appropriating these books for themselves—though
they were intended for members' libraries to in-
crease their usefulness—they should distribute
them among the institutions of learning in their
districts. They are not obliged to convert them
to their own use. It would be unjust to the con-
stituency of the members who receive no books.
Let justice be done, and let the books go into the
libraries of ihe institutions of learning. 1 shall
so direct what falls to my lot, if the amendment
shall be adopted.
In conclusion, then, I say, let us so amend the
amendment as to enable those members who have
received books to return them to the Clerk, and
allow the Clerk such amount as will hold him
harmless-, or, if that cannot be done, let"us carry
out tho resolution. 1 prefer the first: but if I can-
not set thar, I will go for the last. I am not
willing that my people shall be discriminated
against in this matter. I can vote lor the books
with a good conscience, as 1 do not intend to ap-
propriate them to my individual use. They will
be an acquisition to the libraries of the various
colleges ui my district,and thither they shall go.
Then, gentlemen of the committee, let us get out
of this tangle wiihoutdomtf injustice to anybody.
Nobody is to blame; it has been the result of
unforeseen occurrences, and ought to be met with-
out fear, f;woi\ or aftVctiom
Mr. H&NNKTT, of Mississippi. I propose
to modify mv amendment,
Mr. H'lJCaiSTON". I object.
The 011A1R i\3 'V N. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi Sue-; a 11lcht to modify hi^ amendment, but
no fu'-iher debate enn be had upon it.
Mr. / KNNKTT, of Mississippi. At the end
of the amendment i propose to add the wonh,
lt or that the member return the books by htm
received."
The question was taken; and the amendment
Was not agreed to. *
Mr. HM IT 11, of Vn gsnia. I propose to strike
out of the oieWmd proposition the woids " money
expended end." The clause now reads: " Tn
reimburse the Clerk of ihe l4lou°.e of Represent-
atives for money expended and lesponsduhties
ineuned. " If my amendment is adopted, it will
read: To leimbutw the Cleik of tie' 1 louse of
Kepresentafiu-s for lesmmnbihties nnurred."'
The CHAIRMAN.' That should h- idlmed
by way of e subv'utute f'>r the p!opo,*nn>n of the
gentlemen 1'ium Ohio, bevMuse then* is already
an nmendmciif pending to the onginnl einuse.
Mr. SMITS1, of Vn",umt. 1 !>el.e\e i am m
order in pelfi-cting the original bill. Idesneto
say n few wouhi upon this subject. Of eoutse I
do notdesne to consume uimecestviily the tune
of the committee. Tlie resolution giving books
to new memhi rs was passed by a vote of 9 \ to
8*1. Well, m (he npproju tat ion bi!l wesa cluUho
appropriating the sum ot ^1^0,000 and odd to
]tey for il,n books tud. i"« d by this . That
appropriation bill w< nt to the tt< oate, end it was
amended by chat body by .striking out that ; p-
p'-oijrinhoh. It was returned to tlm body, end
we niri. '-m! upon the appropriation. fn the
nv an time the rorupen&ation bill of the rrentleman
from S "uiji Cuolina (Mr. Or r] was mtrodueed
and p."e-"d, !'i which there, was a provision
chaf,,ii)'.: mejjbeis tor books purehased. The
appropii.umn ; "!1 < a me back to us from the Sen-
ate <JVi th.D • '.mpeitscuion hill had passed, and
I appe'd t-  t:iM f'.oiu'e, with confidence and
wlinont feat, r   heir me not m the statement that !.
it was th} nmverbal u ed. rsfadding of this House |.
tha", thai compOKsntioM bill killed that resolution: |
for this ITo-ife then ;>iu\  -d, ncm eon.,to 'heSen-
ate amendment, sinking out the fc]£0,000 and
odd. There v.as not a^mgle word said upon the
subject.
Now, sir, having stated that much upon the
subject, I desire to ad veil to the arguments of
gentlemen about the appropriation bill being
posterior to the resolution. Why, sir, the res-
olution was not to be perfected until tiie money
was appropriated; and therefore I say that the
resolution was regarded as within the operation
of the compensation law. It was a resolution
which had been passed, but could not be exe-
cuted without the money, and that money had
been voted out of the bill by the concurrence of
the two Houses.
It is said, however, that our Clerk has paid
money, and incurred responsibilities. Where is
the evidence of that? And if he has, where is his
authority? He had no authority to buy those
Jjooks until the money was appropriated, because
the act was not consummated. Where is the
evidence that he has laid out a dollar, or incurred
responsibilities ? But what is the responsibility
in such a case? When this Congress orders any-
thing, bargains are frequently made, subject to
the contingency of an appropriation being made.
Itis a conditional responsibility; and, my life upon
it, there is no imperative obligation upon the
Clerk in this respect, especially when the books
are old books, having passed through a dozen
hands.
I say, then, that no money was expended, so
far as we know, and no responsibilities incurred
by the Clerk; and the whole question now is,
whether we will or not undertake to ride over an
existing law of the country—to wit: the compen-
sation bill. I am sincerely sorry, and I grieve
over it, as another evidence of the downward
tendency of our legislation. It will go to the
country, and will he regarded by the people as
an attempt to appropriate these books, costing
this large sum of money. There are stories afloat
through the country, and I ought not to repeat
them. Members do not get these books. They
give their receipts for them, as the story goes, and
take what they can get for them. I understand
that is so. And it is to consummate that act, that
this amendment is proposed.
I Mr. CUMBAOK. \ move that the committee
j rise.
i Tin1 motion was not agreed to.
II. MARSHALL. I merely wish to say
that we may spend hours and days over this mat-
ter of books. 1 suggest, th.it as it, is a subject
upon which we cannot enlighten each other wiy
much, wo should go to the i louse with it m the
bill, where the yeas and nays can be called upon
it. Then, gentlemen who are m favor of the
hook nmewlmenlcaii go with their responsibility
before the country, and those of us who are op-
posed to it will meet the le&pousibihty in the
same way.
The CllAIblMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Vngmia.
Air. MORRILL. Refoie that question is put,
I would ask the gentleman from Virginia to ac-
ci pt a substitute which I hold in my hand.
Mr. h>M IT 11, of Vnginia. I have no objection
to hearing it read.
II was lead, os follows:
Ihovidtd, That ihe iti'eeuut ot'the Cletk shall be sub-
mitted to the ('ouu of Chum-, and he -.hall be allowed lor
the Minti which shall be legally piovcn lo have becn#cx-
pended by linn in th«* puietu-e of any books tinder the ic<-
olution ajoresuid ; ami that all book^ on hand, or which
may nut have been di-mbmed by Hie Cletk. shrill be depos-
ited mi lite hhidiy o! Congtess let tue tw ot the United
.State-; : *lnd uho Jinl'icr i>r>>cidcd, That .my member or
3iieniber< v. ho ma\ have received taid book-?, or any pait
thereof, sh.ill ,n (.omit tor ihe *ume :it the cost prices paid
by the Ciei k. and the ->a>ne -hall he deducted tioin the pay
am! compensation of ihe &,nd member or members.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I accept that*as a
substitute for my amendment, with the single
modilieati-on that he shall strike out u Court of
• Claims*' and insert ''accounting officers of the
I Treasury."
, Mr. MORRILL. [ accept the modification
i suggested.
| Mr. SMITH, of Arirgima. I accept it, then,as
1 a substitute for my amendment.
i "Air. PAUSE. 1 respectfully inquire of the
i Chair what has become of the amendment I
offered ?
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment offered
some time ago by the gentleman from North Car-
olina was understood to have been withdrawn.
Mr. PAINE. I really did not withdraw it*,I
asked the Chair whether I had the floor for the
purpose of withdrawing it, but the Chair did not
give mc the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from North i
Carolina had the floor, and requested to have the '
privilege of withdrawing his amendment. There
was no objection, and the Chair cflhsidered the
amendment as withdrawn.
Mr. PAINE. I merely asked the Chair whether
I had the floor to withdraw it.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolina will undoubtedly be allowed by the com-
mittee to have a vote taken on this proposition.
Mr. PAINE. I now withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Morrill, accepted by Mr. Smith, of Vir-
ginia.
Mr. BARKSDALE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barksdale
and Hughstojt were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 49, noes 71.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. MORGAN. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
Provided, That one copy only of Iliekcy's Constitution
shall be puicliased for distribution to each member of the
House.
I only wish to say one word in reference to
this matter. If all the gentlemen here understood
this thing, there would be no need of my saying
anything about it. As we understood last ses-
sion, there was but one copy of this work to be
distributed; but the resolution was afterwards
construed to mean one hundred and sixty copies
for distribution. Now, each congressional dis-
trict has already got one bundled and sixty copies;
but as this is only for pnvate libraries, there
should be only one copy given.
Mr. SHERMAN. I accept the amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I nppeal to the
committee to allow the vote to be taken, in order
that the bill may bo brought before the House.
It is very evident, from the test vote token, that
the amendment will prevail.
The question was taken on Air. Sherman's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Air. HOWARD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
c. 2. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
the ihnieeiith s-cction ot " act making appiopriations
foi reman emi e\pen>e^ of the Government lor the year
oitdut" the liOth ot June, 1^37," appioved Auuu-t IK, JS."i6,
ailowm? to the seveial dMrnisine ayein* foi'the late C'al-
lioima land comiin>.-ion the suae compensation lor the
KKeiptand (h^i)ui.-<cm':nt ot n one\«.n?< no: allowed to other
di-butsmrr oilier^ of the (jOMjtmncnt in California, was
intended toapplv,and i-* herebydcclaied to apply,and give
said compensation as well whcie tne disbursing agent was
a member of t,aid commission a* m othei case.?.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
question of order, that that amendment is not in
order; it is new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order.
Mr. NICHOLS. I submit this amendment:
2 And he it further enacted. That the act approved
Aimu-t J i), 18.16, entitled " An act to regulate the coinpea
sation ot membeis of Congrerity' ,)e> an'd tile same i,s heie-
by, icpcak-d.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to bo out of order.
Mr. STANTON. I submit the following
amendment:
That the Secretary of the Tionsmvhe. and he is hmeby,
directed to pay, out of any moneys m the 'IVasmy nbt
othenvise appiopuated, to Domi Piatt, late acting charge
u'aifanee ot the United StatesaiPaiii-. thefunt ot t^2.U4,it
bemuthe amount of the chileieuce between the salary n1-
eeived bv lum a> seeietaiy of legation at Pans and that ot
charge d'affan"*, for the term otYouiteen day* m October,
anno Domini 155). and fiom *he 03th day of December,
anno Domuu !&3i,until the 1st day of May, anno Domini
and afco fiom the 3d to the 11th day of September,
anno Domini 18.>5, together with the usual outllt of a charga
d'atT.ure^.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I raise a question of
order upon that amendment.
Mr. STANTON. If the gentleman will refer
to the tenth section of the consular bill of the last
session, he will see that it is in order. It is this:*
" Tnat tor cueh tune as any secretary oflegation shall be
lawfully authorized to act as charge d'atfaiies, ad intciim,
at the post to whir h he shall have been appointed, he shall
be entitled to receive compensation at the rate allowed by
this act for a charge d'affaires at such point; but he j-hatl
net bo entitled to leceive lor mu.!i tune the compensation
allowed for his ferviees as decretaly of legation
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the
amendment to be out of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL,-■ of Ohio. I move tolayaside
