1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
80?
the bill, and take up the mail steamer appropria- 1
tion bill. 0
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move that the com-
mittee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
TJnion had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particulaily
the deficiency bill, and had instructed him to re-
port the same to the House with sundry amend-
ments, and with a recommendation that it do
pass.
Mr. CfAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the previ- !
ous question upon the bill, j
The previous question was seconded, ar.d the ;
main question ordered to be put. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (at ten minutes ;
past five o'clock,) moved that the House adjourn,
and demanded tellers upon the motion. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Albright j
and Kelly were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 45, noes 68.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. RUFFIN. No quorum has voted.
The SPEAKER. It is not necessary that a
quoium should vote upon the motion to adjourn,
it is evident that a quorum is present.
Mr. RUPFIN. I want that fact to appear.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced that one hundred and thirty-two mem-
bers were present.
The amendments of theCommittee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, with the exception of
the ninth amendment, were then severally read
and concurred in.
The ninth amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out'tiic following :
" To reimbuise the Clerk of the Hou=e of Representa-
tives for money expended and responsibilities incurred
under the resolution of the House of July 7,1856, dnectmg
him to I'm rush and deliver to each member and Debate ot
the House of the present Congress certain hooks, §'50,000,"
and in lieu thereof insert:
For books voted to members of the House of Repre
sentatives, by the resolution of said House of 7th Jul
1856, $182,765 85: Provided, That one copy otil^of Hiekey's
Constitution shall be purchased for distribution to each
member of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The word "new"
ought to be inserted before " member."
Mr. MORGAN. I intended that the proviso
should read " new member,"and I hope the word
will be inserted as suggested by the gentleman
from Tennessee.
There was no objection; and the word " new"
was accordingly inserted before the word " mem-
ber;" so that it would read " each new member
of the House."
Mr. STANTON moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the amendment. '
The yeas and nays were ordered. ^ !
The question was taken; and it was decided in ,
the negative—yeas 26, nays 96; as follows: !
YEAS —Messrs. Bishop, Broom, Bulfinton, John I". |
Campbell. Lewis D. Campbell, Clialfee, Collen, Timothy I
Davis, Edie, Henry M. Fuller, Robeit 15. Hall, J. Momson i
Harris, Ilolloway, Howard, Knapp, Knight, Mccarty, j
Killian Millei, Milhvard, Moore, Iticaud, Robison. Siier- j
man, Valk, Williams, and Wood—tltl.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Ball. Barks- j
dale, Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bocock,
Bradshaw, Cadwaladet, James II. Campbell, Ezra Clark,
Williamson R. \V. Cobb, Colfav. Connns, Covode, CVagui, !
Craige, Day, Dean, Dickson, Dowdell, Bnirie. Florence,
Foster, Garnett, Gteenwood. llailan, Sampson VV. il.o'ii-,
Thomas L. [Jains, Haven, Thomas II, Hoitoa, Valentine
B. Horton, Houston, Ilugliston, George W. Jones, Kelly,
Kelsey, King, Knowlton, Knov, Kunkel, Lake, "Letter,
Alexander K. Marshall, Hilmphrej Marshall, Milton,Mor-
gan, Morrill, Murras, Nichols, Xorton, Oir, Paine, Paikei,
Pennington, Perry, Point. Pike, Purviance, Quitman,
Ruffill, f?a?e, Samiidge, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Sooner,Sim-
mons, William Smith, Spinner. Stnmon, Stew.ut, Strana-
lian, iSwope, Talbott. Tappan. Tayloi, Thotington, Todd,
Underwood,Wade, VVakeinan, Walbudse, Walker, Cad-
walador C. Wasbbmtie, Ellilm B. tt'ashburne, Israel
Washburn, Watson, Whitney, Winslow, Woodruff, Wood-
worth, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—96.
So the amendment was non-concurred ill.
Peffrling the above call,
Mr. BARKSDALE said: Mr. Speaker, when
the members' compensation bill was before the
House, I was confined to my room by indisposi-
tion, and had paired off with the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Nichols.] I desire to state here now
that if I had been present on that occasion I
would have voted against that bill. The only
section of it which I did approve was the fifth
section, and believing that this amendment vio-
lates that provision I cast my vote in the nega-
tive.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I vote in the nega-
tive, in order that I may move a reconsideration.
Mr. SAGE. I vote "no" for the same pur-
Mr. SWOPE. Mr. Speaker, in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, a large
majority of the members on a direct vote by
tellers, voted for this amendment; and now, on a
vote by yeas and nays in the House, only some
thirty members are found in the affirmative. I
wish to say that I am, and have always been,
willing to vote on the yeas and nays just a£ I
would rate by tellers, or on a stand-up count.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Is my vote re-
corded ?
The SPEAKER. It is recorded in the affirm-
ative.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I am recorded
rightly then, sir, for with a large majority of the
committee I voted for the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Ohio, on the count by tellers. I did'
so, because that vote sustained a partially-ex-
ecuted law, which was passed by this House long
before the compensation act was even talked of,
let alone passed, and because the outcry raised
against this book resolution now seems to me
neither justified by the theory of the appropria-
tion for this purpose nor consistent with the ac-
tion of previous Congresses upon the subject. I
have nothing to do with the action of other gen-
tlemen, but any vote that I give upon a division
by tellers I will give upon the recorded vote.
Mr. PAINE. I wish to say this: 111 my coon- j
ty there lived an old man who employed work- 1
men, and was reputed to be penurious. Before his |
hands came to dinner he took care to say grace
and eat as much as he wanted, but when they
sat down, and had scarcely taken a mouthful of
bread, he would say, " I am done, and it is time
w#were all done, "and then the dinner was ended.
[Great laughter.]
Mr A. K. MARSHALL. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the ninth amendment was
disagreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. A. Iv. MAR-
SHALL, the House (at half past five o'clock, p.
m.) adjourned until Monday.
..  
j . IN SENATE,
j Saturday, Fe'oruiu i/ 21, 1857.
| Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
j The Journal of yesterday was read and approv ed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
| Seriate a report of ilie Postmaster General, com-
I municatmg,in compliance with a resolution of the
' Senate, information in relation to " dead letters"
I returned to the Post Office Department during the
!I years ending June 30, 1855 and June 30, 1856;
h which was, on motion of Mr. Douglas, referred
ij to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
! | Roads.
PETITION'S AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. YULEE presented papers in relation to the
% claim of the State of Florida against the United
States, for expenses mcurred by that State oil ac-
count of Indian hosni'ties in the year 1856; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
Charles Wilkes, late commander of the South
Sea Exploring Expedition, praying Congress to
, i . • . i* - .1 .1 .*4! A „ .vl .1 1 1 in Uoi* AT
rder the printing of an additional number of
copies of the narrative of that expedition: which
was referred to the Committee on the Library,
Mr, DODGE presented the petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, for the establishment of a n'l.'.il
route from Museoda to La Crosse, in that State;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FISH presented the memorial of J. W.
Cochran,praymg that he may be allowed an op-
portunity to exhibit and explain, befcu^ a com-
j mittee of the Senate, an improvement made by
: him in the construction of wrought iron boilers,
ships, buoys, &e:, without the use of rivets and
bolts; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval-Affairs.
Mr. BIGLER presented the petition of Fred-
erick A. Beelen, United States Secretary of Lega-
tion to Santiago de Chili, praying that his salary*
as fixed at the time of his appointment may be
restored, and that he maybe allowed the amount
of the reduction made in his pay by the act of
March 1,1855; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. JOHNSON presented the memorial of A.
S. H. White, praying for compensation fowser-.
vices as superintendent of the building occupied
by the Department of the Interior, from the 1st
of January, 1855; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SLIDELLpresented the memorial of Bran-
non, Patterson & Co., mail contractors, praying
for a remission of fines imposed upon them for
failures caused by low water, ice, and fogs in the
Mississippi river; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. WELLER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, who were instructed by a resolu-
tion of the Senate to inquire into the subject, re-
ported a joint resolution (S. R. No. 54) to amend
the act entitled " An act to regulate the diplo-
matic and consular systems of the United States,"
approved August 18, 1856; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
648) for the relief of Shadraeh Rice, of Jackson
county, Virginia, reported it without amendment.
Mr. "WRIGHT, from the Committee on Man-
ufactures, who were instructed by a resolution of
the Senate to inquire how far it would be prac-
ticable and expedient to use iron as a building
material in the construction of buildings for the
use of the Government, submitted a report on the
subject; which was ordered to be printed.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Miv WILSON gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill granting to the cities
of Washington and Georgetown five hundred
thousand acres of land for the support of the public
schools, in^he benefits of which the free inhab-
itants shall equally share.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ceixom, their Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 636) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the 30th
of June, 1858, in which the concurrence of the
Senate was requested.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
011 Finance.
INDIAN AGENCY I?? CALIFORNIA.
The following resolution, which was adopted
on Friday last, 011 the motion of Mr. Gwix, having
in the printed copy appeared with some errors,
we report it in the form in which it was passed:
Ilesoltefi. That tile president be requested 10 cause, to be
laid before the Senate, at as cirij a day a; "practicable,
copies of all correspondence not heretofore conimumcatod
to the .Senate, between the Ilrpamnents of the Interior
and Treasure,'ami Edivaut 1". Bealc. late superintendent
of Indian atlairs m California, from liie mne oi his appoint-
ment to that office; oico copies of all accounts of remit-
tances of money to him. and iiic uisiiucnons in relation to
the same: also' copies of all the aecoimts and vouchers
submitted hv said Beale. for the disbursement of money m
and on Account of Ins stud office, and copies of the excep-
tion- and otbei action taken m The Commissioner of#ndian
Arlans to the same, and the action of the accounting officers
of tile Treasury m reviewing the nclion of the Commissioner
of Indian AiT.uis on said accounts; also the action ot the
Secietar\ of the uitcuoi. ami the Secretary of the Treas-
urv, together with copies ■"!' any correspondence between
them in relation (hereto, ari.1 ail report?, opinions, letters,
and other conmiui.icaKo'us on tile m the Departments abev®
named, htu mg any reference to tile subject.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Court of Claims, transmit-
the opinion of the court m relation to the
claim of David Myerle; also, the opinions of the
court on the claims of Hannah Weaver, Ann
Clarke, Mary Burt, Esther S^betis, Mercy Arm-
strong, Naney Madison, Anna Parrott, Margaret
