808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
Taylor, Lavinia Tipton, Lucretia Wilkes, Mary
Robbms, Tcmpy Connelly, and Rosamond Rob-
inson, with a bill for the relief ofeacli respectively;
and the communication and accompanying papers
were, on motion of Mr. Yoi.ee, referred to the
Committee on Claims.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker bad signed the enrolled bill for the re-
lief of Mary B. Winship, widow of Oscar P.
Winship; and it was signed by the President pro
tempore.
llESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Webster, his Secretary, an-
nounced that he had approved and signed the bill
entitled " An act relating to foreign coins and the
coinage of cents at the Mint of the United States."
ADMISSION OF MINNESOTA.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This being the day set apart
for the consideration of territorial business, I ask
the Senate to take up the bill preparatory to the
admi-s&ion of Minnesota aw a State.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the l:ii! (fl R. No. U4i2) to authorize the people
of the Territory of Minnesota to form a constitu-
tion and State government, preparatory to their
admission into the Union on an equal footing with
the original States.
The bill defines the limits of Minnesota thus:
Beginning at the point 111 the center of the main
channel of the Red River of the North, where the
boundary line between the United States and the
British possessions crosses the same; thence up
the mam channel of that river to that of the Hois
des Sioux river; thence tiie main channel of the
river to Lake Travel's; thence up the. center of
the lake to the southern extremity thereof; thence
in a direct line, to the head of Rig Stone Lake;
thence throuirh Us center to its outlet; thence by
a due south hue to the north line of the State <>|
Iowa; them e cast, alon^ the northern boundary
of that .State, to the nmm channel of the Missis-
sippi river; thence up the main channel of the
river, and following the boundary line of the Staff
of Wisconsin, until it intersects the Saint Louis
river; thence down that river to and through Lake
Superior, on the boundary line of Wwconsin and
Michigan, until it intersects the dividing hne be-
tween the United States and the British posses-
sions; thence up t'jgeon river, and following the
dividing line, to the place of beginning; and it
authorizes the inhabitants of that Territoiy to
form for themselves a constitution and State gov-
ernment, by the name of the State of Mmnryofa,
and to rome into the Union on an equal footing
"with the original States, according to the Federal
Constitution.
The second section provides that the State of
Minnesota shall have eoncurrent jurisdiction on
the Mississippi and all other rivers and waters
bordering on that State, so far as they shall form
a common boundary to that State and any other
State or States now or hereafter to be formed or
bounded by the same; and the river and waters,
and the navigable waters leading into them, are
to be common highways, and forever free, as well
to the inhabitants of that State as to all other
citizen-? of the United States, without any tax,
duty, impost, or toll therefor.
On the first Monday in June next, the le^al
voter-, jn each representative district, then exist-
ing within the hums of the proposed State, are
to be authorized to elect two delegates for each
repn.;i'ative to which the district may be entitled
acco^iingto the apportionment for representatives
to the Territorial Legislature, which election is
to be held and conducted* and the returns made,
in all respects in eonfnrmity with the laws of the
Territory regulating the election of representa-
tives: and the delegates so elected are to assem-
ble at the ennitol of the Territory on the second
Morula^ m July next, and first determine, by a
vote, whether it is the wish of the people of the
proposed State to be admitted into the Union at
that time; and if so, they are to proceed to form
a constitution, and take all necessary steps forthe
establishment of a State government, in conform-
ity with the Federal Constitution, subject to the
approval and ratification of the people of the pro-
posed State.
In the evejjt the convention shall decide in
favor of the immediate admission of the proposed
State into the Union, it is to be the duty of the
United States marshal for the Territory to proceed
to take a census or enumeration of the inhabitants
within the limits of the proposed State, under
such rules and regulations as shall be prescribed
by the Secretary of the Interior, with the view
of ascertaining the number of Representatives to
which the State may be entitled in the Congress
of the United States. The new State is to be
entitled to one Representative and such additional
Representatives as the population of the State
shall, according to the census, show it would be
entitled to according to the present ratio of rep-
resentation.
The bill makea provision for the appropriation
of lands for the use of schools, for the use and
support of a State university, and for the purpose
of completing the public buildings, or the erec-
tion of others at the scat of Government. It also
makes a disposition of salt springs and lands
adjoining, for the use of the State; and gives the
usual five per cent, of the net proceeds of the
sales of all public lands lying within the State,
for the purpose of making public roads and
internal improvements, on certain conditions to
which other new States have been subjected,
amongst which are the following: the new State
is not to interfere with the primary disposal of
the soil within the State by the United States, or
with any regulations Congress may find necessary
for securing the title in the soil to bona fide pur-
chasers; and the State is not to tax the lands be-
longing to the United States, or tax non-resident
propuetors higher than residents.
Mr. BIGGS. I do not propose, Mr. President,
to occupy the time of the Senate very much in
regard to this hill, my purpose being now to move
an amendment which has been the subject of dis-
cussion here at very considerable length on other
occasions. Preliminary to what I have to say on
the subject, I move this amendment: m the third
section, to insert between the ninth and tenth lines
this proviso:
l'i oral ctl, Thar nniv eit,/cnf "1 the Km ted States shall be
entitled lo \ o!e at the flection piovid«'d lor by tlu.> act.
I have adop!rd this form of amendment fiom
the bill which will ?oon be before the Senate to
enable the people of Oregon to form n State con-
stitution preparatory to admission into the Union.
Senators, by consulting the bill which has been
sent to us fioni the House of Representatives to
enable Oregon to form a State constitution, will
perceive tins protiso included in that bill; and I
have adopted the language used there nsun amend-
ment to this bill for the admission of Minnesota, it
having no such provision in it.
At this advanced period of the session I shall
occupy but vi iy ht in of the time of the Senate.
1 desne simply to express my confidence in the
general principle imolvvl in the amendment,
which is, that in the formation of the organic law
of any Slate of tins Union, no persons ought to
be permuted to pnrMnpatr, unless they are native !
or naturalized citizens of the United States. I
express confidence in this principle, although, in
the estimation of some who have not considered i
the subject, I may hiy myself liable to the charge j
of being tainted with 44 Know Nothingism." I ;
do not so understand the principles of the Know ^
Nothing party in this* country; but whether that i
be their principle or not, I am decidedly in favor j
of confining the qualification of voters in" the form- ;
ation of ail organic laws to citizens of the United
States.
I have had but little time to investigate the acts
passed by the Congress of the United States in
relation to the formation of State constitutions;
but if I am not mistaken, on the cursory examin-
ation I have made of those acts, on no occasion
in the history of this country has Congress passed
a lawpermitting a Territory to form a State con-
stitution, withou t, in defining the qualifications of
voters, confining the right of suffrage to citizens
of the United States; and in nearly all the action
of Congress in regard to the Territories, the right
of voting has been confined to citizens of the
United States. Why should we make a distinc-
tion between the two bills now pending before
Congress? Why should we confine the qualifi-
cation of electors to citizens of the United States
in the case of Oregon, and allow aliens to vote in
Minnesota? It will be recollected by Senators
that the organic law of the Territory of Minne-
sota not only authorizes citizens of the United
States to vote for territorial representatives, but
all persons who have resided in the Territory for
twelve months and have declared their fntention
to become citizens.
It will be observed, sir, that the amendment
which I now propose is to make this bill conform
to the provisions of the Oregon bill. Why a dis-
tinction should be made between the two I cannot
understand. It seems to me that upon principle,
as well as upon fair legislation in regard to the
Territories, this clause ought to be insei ted in the
Minnesota bill. As I have stated, this question
was discussed atgreat length on former occasions
in this body and in the House of Representatives.
My purpose is now merely to propose the amend-
ment, and expiess my confidence in the correct-
ness of the principle, and to have a distinct vote
by yeas ana nays upon the amendment. I ask,
therefore, for the yeas and nays upon it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot recognize the argu-
ment as being binding on us that we must make
this amendment because there is a similar pro-
vision in a bill hereafter to be acted on by the
Senate. In the first place, I was opposed in the
committee, and am opposed yet, to that provision
in the Oregon bill which confines the right of
voting to American citizens; but the majority
of the committee being unwilling to change that
feature, we shall consider it in the Senate when
it arises. It is sufficient for us now to confine
our attention to the provision here. The organic
act creating the Territory of Minnesota many
years since provided that—
J " Every free white male inhabitant above the age of
| twenty-one years, who shall have been a reMdent of the
! said Territory at the time of the parage of this a'*t, shall
| he entitled to vote at the first election, unci shall be eligible
. to any office in the said Termory; but the qualifications
, of voter* and of holding office at all subsequent elections
s hall be such a^ shall hp snhsonh<\l by the Legislative As-
, sembly: Provided, That the right of suffrage and of holding
j office shall he exercised only by citizens of the United
| 8tato<- and those who have declared on oath their intention
j to become such, and shall have taken an oath to support
| the Constitution of the United States and the provisions of
j tiiifc act."'
1 That was the organic law of the Territory.
Under th;tt law the Territorial Legislature have
prescribed the qualifications of voters. The pres-
ent bill provides that the legal voters of Minne-
sota may assemble and elect delegates to a con-
vention to form a constitution and State govern-
ment for admission into the Union, leaving the
qualifications of voters in the Territory for this
purpose precisely what they hnve been ever since
the Territory was organized,and as they are now
fixed by law. I see no reason why we should
change the existing law of Minnesota on that
point for this one election, when there is no pre-
tense that any evil consequences have grown out
of the exercise of the elective franchise under the
present law. If my friend from North Carolina
could show me that any injurious consequences
had grown out of the law of Minnesota fixing
the qualifications of voters, there would b« an
argument in favor of the change; but there is no
objection on that score; no consideration of that
kind has been urged. The amendment, there-
fore, is only to carry out a theory of the Senator,
and not to remedy any practical existing evil in
the Territory.
My friend from North Carolina is entirely mis-
taken in the supposition that it has been the uni-
form practice in laws enabling Territories to be-
come States, to restrict the right of voting to citzens
of the United States. I have sent for the laws,
and will present them if it be necessary, in the
course of the discussion, to show that he is en-
tirely mistaken in that respect. The rule is rather
the reverse, if there be any rule on the subject.
The fact is, that there has been a variety of laws
on that point. In some Tenitories where there
was no contest about it, the right was confined
to citizens of the United States; in others, all the
inhabitants possessing certain qualifications were
allowed to vote. In all the Northwestern Terri-
tory, in Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, and
Wisconsin, aliens, under certain conditions, were
permitted to vote, not only while those States
were Territories, but when they became States;
and this provision was not peculiar to the North-
western States, as has been supposed.
Mr. CLAY. It has not been done at the
South.
