1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81 f
of suffrage the twenty or thirty thousand Chi-
nese inhabitants upon ati understanding that they
would cast their '-otes for the party conferring this
privilege, would the Legislature not have the ri?ht
to do so according to the doctrine contended for in
the Senate to-day? I do not choose to make the
reference to the State of California alone. What
would prevent the party in the majority in the
Legislature of one of the northern or northwestern
States, or one of the southern Slates, Texas for
example, when it should be satisfied, that by
changing, if not prohibited by the State consti-
tution, the qualification of electors enacted by pre-
ceding Legislatures, and giving the right of suf-
frage to foreigners who had been one day or one
month residents of their State, they could insure
the triumph of their party in a presidential elec-
tion ?
We know that foreigners, at least for some time
after their arrival in this country, are clannish,
and apt to cast their votes according to the prin-
ciples and sentiments of their respective nation-
alities. They are divided sometimes by their
religious faith—and for those reasons they are
liable to be misled and imposed upon by the adroit
appliances and management of parties and party
leaders, and thus a dangerous class to be intrusted
with the right of suffrage until they shall have
acquired some greater insight into the character
and principles of our policy and government, than
they can "have when they arrive on our shores.
Let no gentleman say that it is not to be presumed
so gross an outrage as T have supposed would be
perpetrated by the Legislature of any State as to
change the settled laws on the subject, and admit,
on a calculation of the accession to their party,
the vote of aliens. Let nb gentleman say it can-
not be presumed so great an outrage woulit be per-
petrated by any Legislature on the rights 01-the
supposed rights and feelings of other States of the
Confederacy. We can no longer, I think, vest
secure in the confidence that no such practice
would be tolerated. I do not say that there is any
present disposition in any party to avail itself of
this unlimited power if It be conceded; but we
ought to guard against the mischiefs of the future.
We ought to guard ourselves against dangers
which I may say are now imminent.
In making these remarks, Mr. President, I wish
to place myself right before those who hear me.
I do not go the lengths to which the American
party, or some members of it, propose to go in
reference to foreigners. To a certain extent 1 do
go with them. As for any interference with or
abridgement of the rights and privileges of natu-
ralized foreigners, I have no knowledge that any
member of the American party advocates such a
course of policy. They have vested rights and
privileges under the Constitution of the United
States which 1 would not seek in any way to
deprive them of. They stand on the "Constitu-
tion, and 011 an equal footing with native citizens,
except with reference to the exceptions made by
the Constitution; but in other respects 1 do go
with the American party, though not, perhaps,
to the extent some of its members would go.* I
think the term of probation now prescribed by
law might be advantageously increased before
they are allowed the right of suffrage. I would
go for a modification of the present naturalization
laws; and I think we are especially called upon
to modify those Jaws to such extent, at least, as
to make them effective, and to provide adequate
guards against the gross abuses which have been
and are habitually practiced under them. I say
thus much on this point, that [ may not be mis-
understood in making the remarks which 1 have
submitted 111 reference to the question before the
Senate.
The chief importance I attach to the discussion
of the question pending, on the amendment of the
Senator from North Carolina, I repeat, is the ef-
fect it may have upon the question of the power
claimed for the States over the same subject. The
issue is now made; the question is raised; and the
concession of the right of aliens to vote in Terri-
tories would lead to a concession of the power to
the States, without any limitation, to clothe aliens
or foreigners not naturalized with that privilege.
One Senator has already assumed thatthe States
have the power, although he is directly, and with
great determination of purpose, opposed to this
bill as it now stands. I will make no compromise
upon that point—conceding the power to tha
States, whether it is yielded to the Territories or !
not. It would be easy for thy honorable Senator i
from Illinois to suggest a modification of this
amendment, which practically would, I should :
suppose, be satisfactory to himself, and all who :
concur with him, as to the power of the States™ i
attach a proviso that this amendment to this bill |
shall not restrict the Legislature of Minnesota, I
when it shall be admitted into the Union on an !
equal footing with the fftherStates, in prescribing j
the qualification of voters without regard to any J
supposed constitutional restrictions on that power.
I remember very well the way in which the !
provision on this subject in the Nebraska bill
was adopted in the Senate. Perhaps no more than
eight or ten Senators voted against the proposi-
tion of Mr. Clayton to restrict electors in Kan-
sas and Nebraska to citizens of the United States.
The Senate sanctioned that proposition. It went ,
down^to the House of Representatives, and as I*
understand the mode historically in which that '
bill was carried through Congress, it was found
that it could not pass that body unless Clayton's
amendment should be stricken out; and aliens j
who had declared their intentions to become cit- j
izens were permitted to exercise the right of suf- !
frage. The majority who passed that measure ■
in the Senate had either to concede that privilege
to aliens, or lose the bill. A large majority— '
I believe I may say all, except two or three — of ,
the supporters of the bill in the Senate thought
proper rather to concede this point than to lose :
the bill. They agreed to allow the privilege, and ;
thus secured the passage of the bill. The lion- <
orable Senator from Mississippi takes great
merit to himself for having opposed it through-
out. That is very well; but his opposition to it .
then, as now, will be unavailing to remedy the
great mischiefs which may arise out of the con-
cession of the power to the States over this sub-
ject, which he has expressed his readiness to
sanction, :
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to appeal to the Senate
not to go into a political discussion upon aliens
and Know Nothingism, and other questions, on '
these measures, for the reason that we are near
the end of the session. This day was set apart !j
for territorial business, and there is as much as
we can dispo^ of if We confine ourselves to the fj
bills themselves, without these long discussions, j
I appeal, therefore, to the Senate to allow us to j
have a vote. This question is well understood ;
by every Senator present It has been thoroughly ,1
discussed. I have not the slightest idea that any \\
gentleman can have his opinions changed, or his :•
stock of knowledge added to or diminished mate- ;!
rialiy by a discussion. The only effect of this !
discussion will be to occupy the entire day, and ;
compel us to have a night session, or else oblige I
us to lose all these territorial bills for to-day. Of j
course, if I cannot get a vote to-day, T shall feel :
compelled to press these measures every dav until I
I can get a vote. I refrain from replying even to ;
that part of the argument which touched my own j
State, and where I think it did her injustice, in i
order to get a vote. '!
Mr. MASON, (Mr. Fitzpatrick hi the chair.) |
I only wish to say a word in reference to what I
fell from the honorable Senator from Illinois as i
to voters in the State of Virginia. I understood
the honorable Senator to say that, during his ser-
vice in thfc House of Representatives, he found
that, in the State of Virginia, aliens were allowed
to vote.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Under the laws of Virginia,
they being citizens of that State, but not citizens
of the United States.
Mr. MASON. Under the laws of Virginia, as
they existed prior to ISjO, there was a mode by
which alien Friends might become citizens of the
State of Virginia. It was a part of her domestic
policy. It was an old law, passed in 1790. the
purpose of which was to invite emigration of val-
uable citizens either from without or within the
United States to reside in Virginia, and certain
privileges were given to them. Under that law,
according to my recollection, (and I have recently
looked at it,) it was provided only that, in addi-
tion to citizens of the United States under the Con-
stitution of the United States, such as the State
of Virginia in her own good pleasure might deem
proper to consideras her citizens under her laws,
should be entitled to certain privileges, but not to
all the privileges of citizens. It was provided, for
instance, that any alien Friend who could give evi*
dence of good character, migrating into Virginia
for the purpose of residing there, and who would
take an oath of fidelity to the Commonwealth of
Virginia, should become a citizen of Virginia for
certain purposes; but until he had resided live
years after that oath, he was declared ineligible
to any office, judicial, executive, or otherwise;,
nor could he hold any office until he had giver*
some evidence of permanent attachment by inter-
marrying with a citizen of Virginia or a citizen
of the United-States, or purchasing a freehold
estate of a certain value.
That was the law of Virginia; and such people
were entitled to vote in the State of Virginia, under*
the laws of Virginia; a right that I hold pertains
to every State, and which it is not in thepowei*
of the Federal Government to qualify or take from
them in any way. The Constitution of the United
States has reserved to the Government a power
to declare uniform rules of naturalization; and the
only effect of that is, when under those laws of
naturalization an alien is made a citize n of the
United States, to entitle him to what? To such
privileges of citizenship as the Constitution con-
fers, but no further; nor does it derogate in the
slightest degree, in my humble judgment, from
the right of every State of its sovereign will and
pleasure to declare who shall be citizens, and who
shall not be citizens, within its own limits, sub-
ject, of course, and subject only, to so much
power as the State may have parted with to the
Federal Government.
Upon the particular provision now before us, I
shall vote certainly for the amendment offered by
the honorable Senator from North Carolina, be-
cause I deny absolutely that there is any powers
or ought to be any power, delegated to any Ter-
ritory, or to the people of any Territory,to declare
who shall, as citizens of the Territory, vote to
erect themselves into an independent State, and
by association with the States in the Union, to
take their share in the administration of the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and their participa-
tion in the policy of the United States. When
the Territory has become a State under the Con-
stitution, she is placed upon the footing of alfthe
States, and has all the power that any other State
has; and then, if in the pleasure of the State she
chooses to admit any persons to citizenship, or
to vote, who are neither naturalized by the laws
of the States, nor the laws of the United States,
well and good; it is her power and her pleasure.
I have no jealousy whatever of foreigners. I
think the naturalization laws are wise. I should
not be disposed for myself either to enlarge the
existing term of five years required of foreigners
to become citizens, or diminish it; but I utterly
deny that it is wise orexpedient, at least for the
present States in the Confederation, to delegate
a powtT to any people in a Territory to permit
those who are foreigners, who are ignorant of
our laws, ignorant ot our policy, ignorant of our
habits, by erecting themselves into a State, at the
time of erection to infuse any provision into their
constitution by which when they become a State
government they will be entitled to participate in
the administration of the Federal Government.
I shall vote, therefore, cheerfully for the amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, May I ask the hon-
orable Senator whether I understand him rightly?
I wish to know whether he considers that when
Congress have exercised the power of establish-
ing a uniform rule of naturalization, any State is
at liberty to disregard it, and admit residents of
the State to the rights of citizenship, particularly
in elections which concern the Federal Govern-
ment, independent altogether of any constitu-
tional restriction found in the Federal Constitu-
tion ?
Mr. MASON. I understand that the Consti-
tution, when vesting in the Federal Government
■thepower to pass uniform rulesfornaturalization.,
does nothing more than to reserve to this Gov-
ernment the right to prescribe by a uniform rule
those measures under which a foieigner, an alien,
may become a citizen of the United States; mean-
ing by 4t a citizen of the-United States," only one
who shall be entitled to such privileges as are
conferred on citizens by the Constitution of ihe
United States. It certainly is not within the
power of any State to derogate from that in the
least degree. It would not be in the power of the
