eu
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
he may have stopped somewhere for a year or «
'two yeais; hut is he not still an alien entitled to ,
all tiu' advantage's which alienism aives him, not
subject to yourlaws, except m a qualified decree:
You cannot, as yon could a native-born cmzen,
summon him to fight your battles. His alienage
is t\ sutucioiu plea against that. It would be a
subject of complaint to his Government if you
did so. He is no part of the sovereign people of
this country, no part of the sovereign people of;
the Umred States. If lie chooses to become so, ;
your laws uifbrd him the means, and then you !
accept him as part of them; hut until then, and i
while he remains an alien, you have no right to |
confer on him the privilege of voting; and it you I
were to do it, it would be m my judgment a shame- 1
ful abandonment of what belongs to us as A meri- -
can citizens, and i will never vote to conter it. ;
Mr. CLAY. I have but a word to say on this ;
question, I rise to protest against the doetune 1
which was enunciated by the St nator from New :
York. I should regret that this session should [
pass without some protest bring ento .-d agamsi '
the heretical doctrine he announced nero as his
opinion,and that is, that the rightof sulhui>eought
to be coextensive with the duty of obedience to i
the Government. Those were the words, accord- ■
ing to my recollection; or, at any rale, that was j
the substance of them. In othei words,undei- ,
stand that the Senator from New Yoik would
extend the light of suffrage to both seXeS, mule ■
and ft tn.de, to infants ass well as adults, to black ;
and ml as well as white—indeed, to all races and !
all as>esaud all seXi'S This should give us some '
pause; this should teach us the importance of
having some limit fixed by the legislation ol Con-
gress to the nghi to form the organic laws ot a
State for entrance into tins Union._
I am governed by no party feeling, certainly, ;
and by no motional feeling, in giving my vole m ;
fuvoi of this amendment. I can say, I believe
with truth, that I was the first man on this floor 1
to t'Xpie^s niy condemnation oi the doctnnes of
that put ty dt nominated K now .Nothing or Name
American: but i do deny (heughi oi (lie capacity
of any other that) em/ens of tie1 United Stabs,
either native or naturalized, to fotm tlte organic
laws of Sta"1'-, I (eel ir dm-to myself to eonl< ss ;
that i doubt theooriectuess ot my vote in yielding ,
to (he acUou of the House, of Repieseiuatives,
by whh'h ihc Clayton amendment to the Kansas- |
Nebraska biil vvos «u*n \u n out. \
Mr. IJUTLEU . The lemaik of my friend from '
Alabama c.dis on me, perhaps, as one who was
concerned m that mattei, to .say this much: >So 1
far as regards a Temtoiy, [ do not regard a ter-
rinnial representative as one who has a respons- ■
ible vote; and to a Ten ttory just coming mlo
existence, srunvly able to ciawi, much less to
walk, I might concede a good deal; but a-State
ia a very diflcient thing. I distinguish very much
between ore- who is to represent and vote here,
and one who met1' ly speaks. 1 do not like to
submit exactly to the view taken by the Senator
from Alabama, because I did vote for the Ivan-
sas-fsV-biRsku bill ultimately as a necessity. Ori-
ginally I vottd foi the Clayton amendment. L
voted for the bill, and I should vote for it again,
though 1 know some censure has been thrown on
all of us. 1 go further now, smce I am on the
subject, and I say that a community, after you
give it this faculty, and it beumi  s a Stan, a
i.omoton wealth, iu the strict sense of the vvoid,
may jet a woman \ote.
The PllKSlDENT pro tPinporr. Tim Senator
from North Carolina called for ihe yeas and nays
on the amend.nent.
Th  y and nays were ordered.
Tin* PK&SiDEN T pro tempore. The question
is on tue aim ndment of the Senator fu m North
Carolina, m section thtee, after line nine, to
insert:
P/OiiJc Tli.it osilv citizen* of tliG TJtiitod States •dmii
be entitled to vote at tin- election piovidt'd for by tiiib act.
Mr, ADAMS. Before 1 respond to the call of
my name, i wish to say that I shall vote for the
amendment of the Senator from North Carolina;
not as a party man, but as one disposed to protect
the Constitution and the interests of this country.
I deny, whatever may have been the action of
Congiess heretofore, that Congress has the power
to confer the elective franchise, tin. highest act
of sovereignty known to the institutions of this
country, upon an individual owing allegiance to a
foreign Government. I deny that Congress has j
such a power m the Territories, or that the States j
have any such power. "We have* no decision of i
the Supreme Court of the United States or of '
Congress as to the power of the State's to do so.
Dehevui", then, that aliens have no right to exer-
cise this" hi<rh power, i cannot sanction, either
difctly or "indirectly, a law which authorizes
them to vote at elections. I- shall vote for this
amendment. I should prefer theamendment pre-
pared by my friend from Missouri, which also
fix^s the eligibility of members to the convention,
which I hope he will offer after this shall have
been disposed of.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 24; as follows:
yi;.\S —Adam-*, Bavard, Bell ot Tennessee,
Benjamin, Ite-?, iiiodlicad, Brown, Butlei, Claw Cutten-
den, Ilvroi-, I-Yli, Firzji itnck, Foot, Ovoi, Green, Hous-
ton, 11 uulri. h ei-on, fohn^on. Jones of Teime-^ee. Martin,
It'-id, Ru k, Hhdell, Thoidi^on of Kentucky, and Thomson
of N'^v Jet-' v—•■-27.
Ailen, Killer, "Bright, Ca-->, CoHanier,
Do.lye. Domila-s, Dinkce, Fc--.enden, Fitch. F'^tei. Hale,
Jo11'* itt iowa,'Nour-e,'Puifh, Soward, jniku! T >omb>,,
'j'oiici ,, 'i'lumbull, \Viide, Woiler, U'llson, and Wiight —
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BIGGS. Fur the purpose of carrying out
the amendment just adopted, it will be necessary
to amend the section in another particular, t call
the attention of the Senate to the latter clause of
Itie same section. It provides:
The tlPlefiute-; elreted *-ha!l it-^emble at the Capitol n!"
slid Temioty on the st com! Monday in .Tjii\ ne.\t, and ni-t
detei tnuic. In a vote, whether it tlie vviMi os'the people ol
the piupo-ed State to lie admitted into tin' I'mon at lint
tim< ; and if mi. --hal! pioeeed to form a eon>-ututioii. and
take .ill iioee-^.iiy >t<'ps loi tlie o.-tahh-hment oi a State
l'uvci nment jd coutoi nnty with the Federal ('on-aitutton,
) the appioval and latilieauoii oi the people of the
mU)]
])l <>[)Or( <1
I move to amernl the latter clause by stiikin^
out tlie words " people of the proposed State,"
and inserting " cuizens of thn Untied States re- i
siding" in the propoxed Slate, who are by ibis law 1
lei;lili\' ((ualihi d to vote at the election of dele-!
I iiaies." That will confoitn this s< ctn>n to the ,
s.une !u>clion in the Oregon bill. ;
'i'iie amendment was agreed to. j
The lull was reported to the Senate as amended, '
and the amendim nts were concurred in. j
Mr. JONKS, of Iowa. I oifer an amendment, !
to add at the end of (he first section: \
lyi()t i-hul. That the convention to ,'onn the constitution 1
toi -au! st.lie ^hall sutmilt lo tile people whetln'l tile Core- '
'/.in   bontid.mi shrill In adopted, oi whethei the ^ut<>
h.dl einhi.ice :i11 ih.t; poilion of the piemen! Ten not v winch ■
lies' '(-Hilt ol the lotiv sixth deyiee of not th latitude.
I am anNions myself for the passage of this ;
l>i!!; i voted for it m the Committee on Territories; :
hut i olio ihisnmendinent at the instance of some 1
ten or twelve citizens of Minnesota, who have!
spent a pot tj on of 'he winter at Wash nor ton city. !
I am informed that the Legislature of Minnesota, ;
!>y a vote <n twenty-four or twenty five to ten or
eleven in the Assembly, and in the Council by a i
vote of eleven to foui, have petitioned Congress j
not to ndopt a noith and south bomulaiy. 1 be- 1
Itevo that the boundary proposed by me would
best accommodate the great mas-* of die people;
but i shall vote lor the bill whether my amend-
ment be adopted or not. I think it is due to the
people of the Territory that their Legislature
should be consulted on this subject. It is a sub-
I ject on winch they have dt sired to be Inward; and
( 1 thoi'-fore olTei the amendment, aw requested by
| citj/.eiis of the Territory This amendment will
; divide the Ten itory aboutequally into two parts.
| It conststsof one hundred and sevi nty-oue thou-
! sand stpiare mil- s. The line which I propose,
(the fo>t«/-sixth debtee of north latitude, will
! divide tt'about equally into two parts.
| Air, T110-MPbUiN', of Kentutky. The part
j thus cut off is to constitute the suggested future
! State of Superior.
Mr. J3UTLER. 1 do not intend to detain the
Senile on matters of this kind, for 1 think I know
what the vote oujrht to be; but to allow any peo-
ple to say what boundaty they will take, is really j
Now, you are going to make seven or eight,
according to the mode in which this division is to
be made.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from South
Carolina having delivered my speech, I have not
a word to say.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. The Senator has not
delivered' my speech. X take exactly the oppo-
site view from the Senator from South Carolina.
According to the boundaries now prescribed by
the bill before us, the Delegate from the Terri-
tory the other day admitted that the new State
would embrace about ninety thousand square
milt s. I restrict them by my amendment to one
half of one hundred and seventy-one thousand.
1 desire that the pqople-of the future State shall
have the right to say, not how much land they
will have, or how they will have it, but whether
they shall be divided "by an east and west or a
north and south line, and not to give them one
inch more or less according to their wishes.
Mr. BUTLER. I see very distinctly what it
I is. instead of providing for one child, the Sen-
ator from iowa wishes to provide,for two.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I can never yield the posi-
tion that Congress must reserve to itself the right
to prescribe the boundaries of new States.
Mr. JONES, of lawa. You are doing it m
this bill
Mr. DOUGLAS. No, sir.
Mi. HUNTER. I wish to ask the Senator
from Illinois if he has reliable information as to
the number of persons in the State proposed to
be formed ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose there is no ^ques-
tion from all the sources of information before
us, that it has hugely over two hundred thousand
inhabitants. *
Mr. CLAY. Before the vote is taken, I think
it is due to public justice, and to the people of the
State of Virginia, at least, who granted this North-
west Tcriitorv to the old Confederation, to state
a fact which has been intimated by the Senator
from South Carolina, but has not been distinctly
announced; and that is, that when voting upon
this amendment, Senators ought to bear in mind
ih.it in violation of the contiact between the State
of Vnginjci tn ceding the Northwest Territory to
the old Confederation and the States of that Con-
fedeiation, iheie are now proposed to be em-
biaeud in this bill within the future State of Min-
nesota, some tw< nty-three thousand square miles
of that old Northwest Territory.
The amendment of Mr. Joxes, of Iowa, was
rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the thud time; and on the question of its passage,
Mr. T1 fUMPSON, of Kentucky, called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 47, nay I; as follows:
YEAS— Mr-sr*. Adams, Allen. Bell of Tennessee, Bcn-
jmun, JJiggs Hurler, JJn^ht. Brodhead. Brown, Sutler,
; Coluauer, Crittenden, Dousrl.u^ Dmkce, Evans, Fes-
I ,-cnden, Fi-li, Fitch, Fitzpatm fc, Foot, Fo.-aei. Geycr,
i G;oen, Hale, Houston, Iluatei, Ivcr-on, Johnson, Jonoh of
: Iowa, .M.illotv, Maxm Nnui-e, Push. Reid. Rn-k, Seward,
I Shde!l, Stuait. Thonir-on o! New Jersey. Toombs,Toucey,
Tru'nliiiiJ. Wade. Uelk-i. WiNon. and Wnght—47.
NAV—Mr. Thompson of Komuck}'—I.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. HALE. Having voted with the majority,
I wisii to give notice that, within the time pre-
scribed by the rules, I shall move to reconsider
the vote by which this bill way passed.
the gadsden purchase.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of the next bill on the Cal-
endar. 1 beheve it js the Oregon bill.
Mr. RUSK. 1 beg to remind the honorable
Senator that the bill (S. No. 17G) to establish a
kepaia'e judicial district south of the Gila, and
for other purposes, is first in order, and he agreed
to take it up.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I believe I did agree that,
if the Senator would allow me to take up the
Minnesota bill out of order, I would recur to his,
,i a liberty which I cannot exactly peinut. 1 would 'j being the older bill. I move to take up the bill
' not allow one of my sons to take all my land on alluded to by the Senator from Texas.
that he wanted it. [Laughter.] '! The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Th
his mere saying that he wanted it. [Laughter.]
| I think that is an extiavagant proposition beyond
: anything I know of. Besides, by the celebrated
| ordinance of 1787, so much insisted on, the North-
'! west Territory was to be divided into five States.
   ^ The Senator
fro tn Texas asks the Senate to take up the bill (S.
No. 176; to establish a separate judicial district
south of the Gila, and to creatc the office of sur-
veyor general therein; to provide for the adjudi-
