816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21.
the discovery was made by the claimants at the same time,
the-minea W1.1JJ be divided mto as many equal paits as there
are claimant*.; and they shall cast lots fairly therefor, under
the direction of toe suiveyor general, or his deputy, and
each party shall take ins choice as obtained by Jot. Jf the
mines have been previously worked and abandoned, then
bo claimant shall be treated as a discoverer. In that cu^c,
the purchasers who are desuous of working haul inineh
pbali be piao d upon an equal footing, and east lots as afore-
said. It the re arc but two claimants, in such case one shall
divide and the orlier shall take choice, under the direction
of the surveyor general, or hu deputy : Provided, ahecys,
The parlies,whether two or more, in any case, may, if they
choose, agree and take fhomnie^M copartnership. Fir that
case, the quuititv of land taken may he in the aggregate
what the addition of-several individual shares would make,
counting each share at the rates heretot'oie specified, and
the surveyor general shall cause them ro be surveyed.
Sec. II. And be i( further enacted, That no precedence,
in favor of any individual shall he given because he may be
the first to reach any mines which have been abandoned ;
but the surveyor gene.rai shall open his ofliee at such place
the Secretary of the luteuor may dueet in the district of
Arizona, at the day fund in this act, and shall then receive
application? for tnmeial entries, and tin- right to entei ^nall
be equally free to all who aic citizens of the United State.*;
and the first application made, m each case, shall remain
on file for three days (Sabbaths excepted) before it is acted
upon, m oider to give nine for the tiling of others, it" .my
should desire the same locations. At the end of three <1 iy-:,
(with the van! exception,) the surveyoi gencial shall decide
the case m the inaniiet heiefolorc pointed out, and he shall
make out at thai time, mid without furttici delay, tlie ordet
for the survev, which shall be final, and foreclose the fur-
ther right of application m that case ; and the said survey
he bltall can e to be promptly uxeeutcd. If theie he but .t
single apheation toi any paitieular mute, then the sntveyor
genera! sirfill likewise, without delay, within three day?,
after the making of said application, Hsite the order of mr-
vey thorofoi. In alleasc-. of application for surveys of min-
eral tract*, the surveyor general, when lie issues an order
for the survey, shall give a copy of it to the party in whose
f&vor it is made. •
Sec. 12. Ami be it further nnaeted, That in each case
when a citizen of the United States shall obtain a survey of
a muimg tiaet on what h called a vein, he shall be entitled
to enter a tiact of not exceeding three hundred and twenty
acres, either adjoining theieto or as neai thereto as he can
obtain it, with a suitable quantity of water and wood to aid
him u  bin imimtt; operations, and he shall pay to the United
States one doll.ir and a quartet per acie therefor. He shall
apply to the rurveyoi general to survey the paid tract, who
shall do it without delay, making it .1 lectnngulai survey,
beginning at a point vvhfh '••hall be .igreed umm between
the applicant and tin- • in vevor general. It theie are 11101 e
persons, than one who have -urve\^ upon tin' same \cui
fl)iue'-<, then thev <fi.il! he de.slr with « qtMlly nnd pistil lu
the surveyor g.uieial. alfei the m.tnnei piovided in similar
cases. J£ telt ol the said owners of a mmeial sin \ ev -li.i'l
be entitled to a tiact of equal size im the puipose 01 aiding
him in ins uuiuiig opeiniion- • P>urt<hd, That he pay-; lor
the same at the i.Ue.s above lived. The suivevorgenei.il,
When he makes Mich a survey, shall give to the pauv 111
whose t'avoi it in made a eejtuk'dtc of plat and siinev,
which he shall ptesent to the receiver and t (gisler, and pay
the register tin ietor at the rat" ot one dollar and ;i quaiter
per acre, 'i'ne receiver and icgistei shall then eemtv upon
the said certifi'* Ueot p'atand survev the payment '-oni.ide
When the'aid payment is to eembcd.the eeitiirctuv oj
plat and survey shall ' e lull e\ idem e ol title, and all tiie
rights whu li appertain to the rule ot r< a! < - (ate i lull nunc
to Inm, lii . hen,'., and ts-t<j>is. The ngeter and teeeivir
shall leeord the said ceiMieate of plat and nuvey, nml ie
port the i-.anie to the ('omnnisioner ot uie Geneial Land
Office, and tin* Fre? idetit shall eau-e patents to 1.-: lie tlune
for.
St-c. 13. And he U ftnfht r cjhn fed. That each settler, who
is a Citivwn of tin; Unit'd Slates. shall be entitled to .1 dona-
tion of one bundled and ,sivtv aeies 01 Imd within the said
dtftlnet, who shall euiuvatoihe sain" for (lout) years, lie
shall be ertiuled to make an entry there lor in the land
Othee, When the land shall have been suivnyed, upon
making proof before the icgi^n r and icceivet 01'the taet of
sueh euluvatmn. lie may select auyqiuuter section !or
such ctitiy watch mav mthuic anv   f Insetiltivated giounds
or any of his niclostirr-.: Promtcd, The said entrv doesno:
include any ot U*p rmnmg lamfs u hieh are surveyed, or set
apan Mich, nor interfeie vvuh any inmnig privileges 111-
tcudi'd Lu h(! sm art d and psoiceted b\ this act. And th<>
President is heteby authon/a'd to e.nise the siuveyed lands
of said (h-met, or any portion thereof, lo be exposed tor
j,ale, from nniu to uim, in ine satm- maniu-i, and upon the
foame J"tius and conditions as other puldtc lands ot' the
United St,if and at mi'-Ii places wnhm the said disirn t as
he mav thi .k pjopt-r : PioviilcJ, 'J'hat m patt ol the nmi
eral lard . • !i ill he ctii ie<-t to he evao-rdm puhhe sale ; and
the a<r"euiiiiial and gia/mi; lands w Inch shall lemam un-ohi
shalu.tfirr iwiintf been oljeted at publie sale, a.s atoie-aid,
be t-ul'i •< f to rir at'5 entry by any titi/.en or citi/.ens 01 the
United State- , 1 the pime provided by law.
Set. 14 v/; >! !,<■ if fuither CMctnly Thattitere shall he
appointed in u- i'lc-njent, by and with the advice and
consent oi ti. 1 na'", a ir<n-ter of the Umd oiliee and io-
ceivei- Ot' thr- piMn* mo'ieV' for the distnet aioieraul, with
a salary eaea of p.a autmm, pajable ntoiulilj, and
the land eili >c til he hw-uti d at .-neb plaee or pkicea as
the Seer^U'> ot'the Infeiioj may from time to time diseef.
Ptevjonsiy to entei iti'i t poi  the duties of their olVices they
each ti:e; r  id sun-cub. <ui oath 01 aihrmauon before
one of fhe .;.:d  e- ot'rh>  Unif-'d States to support the Con-
sutuuoi: of jl'c Umted Su ?e-. and faithfully to Uncharge
the du*i'of theii ie-rj"etive office^, and shail give bondTn
the Bam." a-u >unt a  <uhet r< gi^ters ami reeeivet^of the
public land oiln-.; and their g"netal dulr"t and responsi
bii.nes fchail be the same as other officers of like character,
"With tne additional pjoviMon, irs relaiion to the receiver ot
public iiioncys ar the said bud office, that he ••hall be sub-
ject to feuch penalties, dutres, rules, and regulations, re-
specting the saf«-keeping ami paying out of the public
moneys, under the direction of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, as apply to thesub-treasurersof the United States,and
his bond shall be drawn with a view to those duties and
lespon&ibihties.
&eo. 15. And be it fuither enacted. That the register and
receiver shall perform the same duties in relation to pre-
emption claims for agricultural lands which are required of
other officers of hkt; character, in cases where conflicts
may arise between claimants. But this provision shallYrot
extend to claims for mineiaJ lands, which it is the duty of
the surveyor general 10 adjust.
Snc. 16. ~4nd be it further enacted, That the register and
receiver shall make quarterly returns to the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
R*.c. 17. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be,
and is h«rebv, eieated a superior court for the said district
of Auzona, to consist of one judge. He shall be nominated
and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
pointed by the President of the United States. lie shall
hold his office for the term of four years. He shall receive
asalaiy of $3,50i) pet annum, payable monthly. He shall
hold a court on the lii^t, Monday in January, in each year,
at the town of Mesilia, and continue it m session from day
to day, for the dispatch ot business, until adjourned at his
thscietion ; and he shall likewise hold a court on the fust
Monday m May, m each year, at the town of Tucson, ami
continue and adiouin the same in like manner. Ands-hould
the judge of the said di^tuct couit fail to attend at fhe lime
and place of holding any one of tbe regular teims ot the
court before the close 01 the fouith day of any such term,
the business pending in suclrcourt shall stand adjourned
to the nextiegularteim thereof. He shall also have power
to appoint and hold other sessions of his courts at either of
the said places, at such times as he may think fit and proper,
it in his judgment neeessaiv for the public interests. He
may appoint th£ times of holding such extra session or ses-
sion* ot his courts nt either of tlie stated meetings thereof,
provided for by law, or dimng the vacation. If he shall
appoint any extra session or sessions of either ot his coutts
during vacation, he shall dneet the marshal ot the dn-'triet
to give notice thereof for twenty days, either by advertise-
ment in the newspaper of the district, if there be one, or bv
notice at the door of the court house wheie the sexton of
the court is to be held. The said judge shall have exclu-
sive jurisdiction within the entire limits of said district of
Arizona The iuiisdiction of the court to be held at the
town of Mesiliu shall embtace the limits of the county of
Washington, ami thatot the court to be held at Tucson,
the county of JclVeiMui. The said judge shall appoint a
clerk loi each of said courts, whom he may remove tor in-
competency, or uut.uthful and improper official conduct.
Each cleik, respectivelv, shall keep the rccords of the sard
com is at the places wheie held, and each shall receive for
his seivi'Tis sueh Um\s as are established by law.
Sk< . l.s .in,! he it finlher enu< ted. That said court shall
have and eveiew e\< Uisively the same jmisdiction within
s till di-i 1 a ! a,, is ve*fed in the di^tr u t and superior eomt
In the tenth section of the act to establish a terntonal  ov
eminent toi \'ew \ie\n-o, appioved September !>, ltf.V)
And wins o; ei 101 and appeals shall he allowed fiom the
final decisions ol vaul eotut, in the same ea*e< and same
manneras ins.ud section is provided in relation 10 the final
decisions of the Mtpienie court of said Territory of New
.M«'\ico. And all t.iscj. now pending in the district coint
lot the thud judicial dihlriel m New Mexico shall be trans-
ferred to the court ciean-d by this act, and to be there pro-
ceeded wnh to nnal imminent.
Si <•. H>. shid he it I'ir/her enacted. That the said ku-
pt'txu judge lor the -an! distiict ot Arizona, sitting as clian
eelloi .shall h ive ev  lu-n e (unsdrction of all claims to hind
arisiisi; under gifiom the Crown of Spam, or fiom the
supii'in" txovernment ol Mexico, 01 other authority, ulucii
are v.'fihin the hmit> ot the said district of An/ona, and
shall he.ir and determine' the same judicially. And lioni
the d'-<'e lorwoCfhe s.iid puperior judiro sittui" aschaneellor
rn coiiit,eitherat the mated or extra term<,as the ca=e may
he, an app";tl may be taken tbeiefiom, <-ither by the party
el.limine under a gt.uit a-, aforesaid, 01 by the disturt at-
torney ol' tlie United Suites, to the Supreme Couit of the
United States, within s]\ months after the decision.and if
not taken within th U time, the same shall he baried, and
the judgment shall he tinaf. And it shall be the duty of the
United States di-tnet, attorney, in each case 111 which the
decision shall he m lavor ol the claimant, to take such ap-
peal. And the xUtoipey General of the United Slates shall,
aitei due examination of each appeal, decide whether
inriiu 1 to prosecute tt to a final hearing before the Supreme
Const of the United States.
Sc. o(l ./hid be it further enacted, That the judge of tire
sauldistnet is herein'authorized and requited to appoint
an additional clerk of his courts, who understands both the
Fatirlish and Spanish languages, and who shall be sworn to
dischaif/e his duties iaitldullv- It shall bt his duty Uutii-
fnllv to inteiptel all testimony which may be given in the
said coints ni the Spanish language, and particularly 111 the
trial ol nil land elauie', to ttanslate sueh wutwgs as are
oheied in evidence, 05 whatever character, and all giants
and other uistmments, and to make ail sueh records in the
Spanish language as the covnt may reqiure ; and it .shall be
fire duty of the said clerk to attend the several serious nf
tire courts held bv the sl(jd judge from day to day, whether
at Mesiila. or Tue^on, or elsewhere; and to" attend at
chain beis lur exam mat ton and translation of all w 11 tings m
the Spanish hiniu.ig^, when required by the judge ; ««nd tor
such sen :ee he shad be entitled to a salary of $2,dOO per
annum, to he paid by the (Tinted Slates monthly. And the
judge may remove the vaid elei k if, m hu> opinion, he is
either incompetent or unfaithful, and may appoint some
other in Ins place.
Src.GI. -■hid he it further cnacted, That there shall be
nominated and, bv and with the advice and consent of the
, Senate, appointed by the President, a district attorney of the
; United States for the said district of Arizona. He shall de-
ceive a salary of $*2,bQ!) per annum, pavable monthly, and
which, in addition to hi* Mated fees rn civil cases, to which
be shall be entitled rn like manner as other distiict attorneys
of the United States, shall be as a full compensation for all
e^tra services. It shall be bis duty to prosecute ail eases
whorein the United States is a party, and to itppear for the
United States in all cases of the prosecution of claims for
lands arising under grants for land derived either from the
Crown of Spam or from Mexico, or other authority, and to
perform such other professional .servic es in said district as ia
usual for the district attorneys of the United States, as the
law officer of the Government, and such also as may be
required of him fiom time to time by the President of the
United States. There shall al&o be nominated and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, appointed by the •
President, a marshal for said district. He shall perform the
same duties, be subject to the same regulations and penal-
ties, and he entitled to the same fees to which marshals m
other territorial distncts ate entitled for similar services;
and vn addition shall be paid the sum of $1,000 per annum,
payable monthly, as a lull compensation for all extra ser-
vices. -
Sec. 22. An d be it further enacted, That each person who
may have a claim lor lands gianted by the Crown of Spam,
or the supreme Government of Mexico. 01 other authority,
within the limits of the said district of Arizona, shall,
within twelve months from the date of the first meeting of
the court aforesaid, file hi.-, or her petition with the clerk of
the court, setting forth the nature of the claim. Accom-
panying said petition, a brief of the facts and of the law
relied upon, signed by the party or his attorney, shall also
be filed with the clerk ol the com t, and, upon the final
hearing, the paity or the attorney for the party shall produce
in open com t the" grant or grants, as the case may be, upon
which the c Iaun is founded, and the same shall then remain
as filed with the clerk for the use of the judge, until the
liual decision 01 the case. The giant shall be entered on
record in the vvoids and figures thereof by the clerk in a
record-book kept for that puipose, and which shall show
the date at whie-li the record was made. In all the cases
so filed, the United States district attorney shall appear and
answer on the part of the- United States, and cause to be
produced whatever evidence maybe known to affect the
ca«c.
Siic. 23. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the fees of the
elerkc of the several courts and other co^ts of suit shall be
paid by the petitioner or the plaintul at the time they arise,
if the> are caused at his instance; and the defendant shall
pay the fees andeost< of suit which may be creatcd by him,
qn like maunet, subject, however, to such rules and regu- ^
Umons as may be made at the discretion of the judge, as to w
tae rate thereof, and the time of payment.
Sfc. '■} 1. And be it further enruteJ, That the act entitled
" An act to establish the office of surveyor general of New
; Mexico.*' &c., passed July the '2*2d, i8J34, chapter one hun-
j dred and thict, so far as the same applies to any lands, or
| to anv grants or title-* of whatevei character, within the
said district of Arizona, is heu-by declared to be null and
void and of non-eftecr; and that the sard law and eveiy pro-
I visron thereof, «o tar a« they affect any lands, or any grants
| or titles to lands, within the stud district of Arizona, and
I no turthcr, are hercbv superseded by the provisions of this
j act, hereby made, and intended to be made, nugatory
wttinn the said di-trict of An/ona. And the surveyor gen-
i era! of New Mexico is lurehy required not to make any
; examination nor decision, nor report upon any claim or
| claims for hinds orientating uiuh-r the tieaty ot Guadalupe
■ Hidalgo, which are situated within the limits of the said
I district of Arizona, as established by this act; as ail the
j said claims lor lands vviiimt said district which originated
: under the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, made between the
United States and Mexico on the 2d day of February, 18-48,
J have been ptovided tor by this act, to be heard andadjudi-
■ cated by the judge ot the said dMi ict of Arizona, anything
! rn the act entitled, An act to establish the office of sur-
veyor general of New -Mexico," &t\, approved July the
^•2d. I KM. and chapter one hundred and three, to the con-
trary notwnn- landing Provided, This act shall in no man-
net nfiect ease - alre.it!v acted ort and decided by the sur-
vcj or geuefil 01 New Mexico: And vrondedfurther, That
the p.iper- m ail e 1 es now pending before him m relation
to hi nils within said district of Arizona, and undetermined,
shnJfi be tianstcired to the cojit created by this act
Sne . And be it fujth'-t enuded, That it is heteby pio-
vrded that the lands which aie occupied by towns which
are inhabited within said distiict of Arizona shail be ex-
empted liom being surveyed.
Sec. 26. And be it Jmlher enacted, That the surveyor
general is hereby authorized to lent the necessary buildings
for his office, and the marshal of the district, or, in his
ab.-eiice, the judge of the distnct, 1-5 h( reby authorized to
i icrit suitable buildings in winch to hold the courts and to
1 keep its offices. And there shail be allowed tor law books
\ for the use ol the court, and for books of leeord, and for
rent for the court boufe. and lor stationery for the u«c of
the courts, tiie sum of £2,Oi.O per annum, or so much thereof
as may be necessary.
Siio. 27. And bf it fuither enacted, That the lands in the
valley of Mesrlla, which ate now occupied by settlers, shall
be exempted fiom survey . Provided, That said exemption
shall not he undei stood to extend to minerals, nor to the
smvey of land-5 which are not occupied and cultivated.
Sr.e. 28. And be it further enacted, That ill each case
where a vein mine hds'been purchased of the United States,
it shall be obligatory upon the purchaser to cause the said
mines to be commenced lo be worked within eighteen
months after the said puichase rs made, and the certificate
ot a plat and mu vey has been delivered to him, or the same
shall be fone.ted, ,uid revert to the United States. If the
mines purchased be what aic called placer mines, the pur-
chaser shall cause the work thereon to be commenced
within four months after the certificate of plat and survey
shail be delivered to him. or otherwise the same shall be
forfeited, and revert to the United States.
Sfc.29. And be it farther enacted, That the surveyor
general shall open his office on tlie fih*t Monday of June,
1857, or as soon thereafter as piacticable.
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That the House of
Representatives of the Territory of New Mexico shall con-
sist of thirty meinbeis, and tlie Council of fit teen members,
instead of the numbers prescribed by chapter forty-nine,
section five, of the act of Congress approved September 9,
1850,establishing a territorial ^ovcmmentforNewMexico*
and with the same qualifications, privileges, and terms
of service as therein prescribed: Provided, That the two
