THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Co.vgres#, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1857.
New Series....No. 52.
additional members of the Council, and the four additional
members of the House of Representatives herein provided
for, slialt be apportioned by the Governor of the Territory
among the towns, counties, and districts of that portion of
the Territory commonly called the Gadsden Purchase,
which wab incoiporated with the Terntory of New Mexico
by act of fongre«« parsed August 4,1854, and, as nearly
equal as practicable, giving to each section a representa-
tion in the r.iuo of its population: And provided further,
That the elections shall be conducted in hke manner as
described in the act first named in this section: and the
Governor may issue his proclamation lor the first election
of the additional members of the. Council and House of
Representatives, at tucli time and place as he may deem
expedient, but m time for the next annual sessioriof the
Legislative Assembly.
Mr. BIGGS. A principle of policy is adopted
here to which I am opposed, whatever may be
the determination of the Senate. I desire to ex-
press my disapprobation of the policy involved
in a portion of the thirteenth section, which pro-
poses to make a donation of one hundred and sixty
acres of land without any payment at all. Being
opposed to that policy, I consider it my duty to
move an amendment. I propose to strike out of
the thirteenth section the following words;
That each settler who is a citizen of the Tinted States
shall bo entitled to a donation of one hundred and sixtj-
aeies of land within the said distiict, who shall culm ate
the same lor two yeais. lie shall be entitle! to make an
entry thotefor in the land office, when the land ?hall have
been surveyed, upon making proof before the regi:-ter and
receiver of the fact of such cultivation. He may select any
quaiter section lor such entiv which may include any of
hi£> cultivated grounds, or any of his mclo^ureri : Provided,
The said entry does not include any of the mining lauds
which aie surveyed, or set apart as such, nor interfere with
any mining puvileges intended to be secuied and protected
by this act."
Mr. RUSK. Donations of this kind have been
given in all the Territories in that direction. In
Oregon six hundred and forty acres were granted.
Mr. SEWAR.D called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Biggs,
Bright, Brodhead, Fitzpatrick, Hunter, Iverson, Mason,
and ileid—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bigler, Brown, Clay,
Collamer, Dodge, Douglas. Durkee, Fi>h, Fitch. Foot, Fos-
ter, Green, Hale, Houston, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mal-
lory. Nourse, Pugh, Rusk, Seward, Slidell, Suiau, Toombs,
Wade, Weller, Wilson, and Wright—30.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN.. My attention, to-day,
for the first time has been called to this bill, and
I have made some progress in it. The original
bill, which the Senator from Texas introduced,
covcrs twenty-seven pages. The amendment
proposed in lieu of it consists of as many more.
Then this original bill and amendment present
fifty-four pages for the consideration of the Senate.
It seems to me it is an idle consumption of our
time to employ it any further on this bill. I think
my friend from Texas [Mr. Rusk] can hardly have
any expectation of getting a vote on it even here,
much less of passing it through both Houses at this
session; and I would, with great deference, suggest
to him whether it would not be wise in us to lay
this bill on the table. Can any hope be entertained
of passing it ? It is a bill requiring great considera-
tion; it is a bill of great perplexity and complex-
ity, owing to the subject to which it relates. I
mean no disrespect to the committee; but owing
to the subject to which it relates, itis complicated,
and requires more consideration than any bill
which has ever fallen under my observation in
Congress. My own opinion is that it is wrong
in principle, wrong in its details, and ought not
to be adopted at all. It undertakes to teach us
what the old Spanish law was, and recites that,
establishes the Mexican law as it is in the opinion
of Congress, and predicates on ihat the forfeiture
of Mexican claims and Spanish claims guarantied
by our treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo. It alto-
gether presents more responsible considerations
to us than any bill I have ever met with in this
body. I would suggest, therefore, that the bill
be laid on the table.
Mr. RUSK. This bill was drawn up last winter. ,
I spent a great deal of time, and took a great deal
of pains, for the purpose of drawing it up as I
thought right. I consulted with authorities, and
with gentlemen familiar with the new species of
property that we have acquired from Mexico in
regard to mines. There are a number of settlers
in Arizona, and more going there. They are six
orseven hundred miles from New Mexico proper.
All the intercomse they have with the seat of
Government of New Mexico is through an un-
settled country, subject to great difficulties, and
constant danger ftorn hostile Indians. In the
month of March of the last session of Congress
I introduced this bill. I called the attention of
the Senate at that time to the necessity for it; and
in order that Senators might see what it was, and
examine it, I asked when it was introduced to
have it printed; and it was printed. It was re-
ferred to the Committee on Territories. I was
obliged to leave here in the month of April, and
did not return during the session. It was noi
reported back at the last session.
At this session of Congress the people of that
country elected, a delegate, and s^nt him here, and
hi; has been in attendance for tb^ purpose of ob-
taining for them some relief from tne isolated
condition in which they are placed. The Com-
mittee on Territories reported back the bill with
very little amendment. Tne honorable Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Collami:r] gave it a careful
consideration. The amendment is a substitute
for the bill, but generally it contains the provisions
! of the hill. It was re-rcfi rred to the committee,
j and reexamined by them: end now it is reported
| back by the Committee Territories of the Sen-
i ate with a seccid substitute, which :s pretty much
the ordinal bill with ^ e,iAliens, x-xt the
suggestion of the honosaL.!;' £.\-na:or from Ver-
mont some amendni"hts which aie important and
make it a better bill have bem adopted". The bill
has undergone an investigation by the Committee
on Territories in the House of Representatives,
and this same bill substantially, with very little
variation, and none of any mateiiality, has been
reported there.
Now, the question is, whether or not you will
leave these people who are under the jurisdiction
of the United States, in a condition worse than
anarchy? I do not desire to consume the time of
the Senate by detailing the provisions of this bill;
but it was my object in drawing it, and it has
been the object of the committee, to secure the
rights of individuals, to prevent the difficulties
which have overrun one of the Territories of the
United States at least from being entirely without
law, to do away with lax notions of property, to
prevent troubles and difficulties of thatuescription,
and provide at once that these people may have a
government to secure their rights, and enable
them to live in peace and quiet.
If the honorable Senator from Kentucky will
read the bill, he will see that he is mistaken as to
its laying down the law. 11 is true m one section
of the bill the law is assumed, and i have stated
it as it is; but that part in reference to land titles
is only for the purpose of directing the surveyor
general to secUomze the land elaimcd under large
pretended grants. It does not divest titles there;
but the court which is established with full juris-
diction, just such as you have always conferred
on your courts with the right of appeal to the Su-
preme Court, is to take up and determine ques-
tions of title according to the treaty and the laws
of Spain and Mexico and the laws of the United
States, precisely as you have determined all titles
emanating from the same authority in Territories
you acquired from Spain, or where Spain had ju-
risdiction. The law is declared in regard to mining
operations; but still a saving clause at the instance
of the honorable Senator from Vermont is placed
in that section to authorize those who have been
driven of? by Indians to go back and reoccupy
their lands. I presume no one who is familiar
with Spanish or Mexican grants will for a moment
suppose that a fee-simple was granted in a mine
either by Spain or Mexico. That is the whole
sum and substance of the declaration of the law.
I certainly think this bill will pass; I know it
ought to pass; and I feel very well satisfied that
if it passes the Senate, it will pass the House of
Representatives.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have every confi-
dence, sir, that my friend from Texas could ask
for, in his judgment as applied to this subject—
all the confidence that 1 ought to have in any
man; but I have a judgment that I am bound, in
conscience, to exercise myself here; and I say,
with all due rcspect to the Senator, that, except
among those who have examined it in committee,
I have not heard the bill the subject of conversa-
tion among Senators. I think I am not saying
too much when I say there are not half a dozen
members of this House who understand this bill.
I wish to say further, that, according to my
best judgment, differing with my friend from
Texas, I think this is one of the most dangerous
bills the Senate can pass, or ever did pass. It is
cieating a sujveyoi general, and arming him with
extraordinary powers. It is declaring forfeitures
b}7, an cx post facto law, directly in the teeth of the
Constitution. It is declaring that estates and
titles, secured and sanctioned by treaty stipula-
tion with Mexico, interests in mines and in prop-
erty, shall be forfeited by non-occupation for six
months before or after a certain period. It in-
vests the surveyor general, or his deputy, with
power to decide on various matters submitted to
him, and to act on his own decision in making
the surveys, in granting plats and certificates to
American citizi-ns who may apply to make pur-
chases. It is disposing of the whole mineiai in-
terest of that country acquired by the Gadsden
treaty. Th's cannot be done in a day. It ought
not to be done at any time, without the fullest
and most perfect consideration the Senate can
give it. The bill gives to the surveyor general
sixteen dollars per mile for surveying. It author-
izes him to survey in the gold region tracts as
small as one hundred feet long by forty feet wide.
It authorizes him to receive and demand for the
United States fifty dollars for these tracts, and then
entitleshim, on makinga survey, andgivm^acopy
or certificate of that survey, to twenty dollars for
his fee. But for every mile of line he runs he is
to be entitled to sixteen dollars by the terms of
this bill. 1 cannot calculate—I acknowledge my-
self inexperienced in these practical matters; but
it seems to me that it is an enormous sum.
You make him ajudge, in some cases, whether
the lands shall be surveyed. Has there been a
forfeiture? That he must judge of before he sur-
veys. He is the judge. He decides the land to
be forfeited; he surveys it out into little parcels,
and gives certificates of survey, and parties may
obtain patents on those certificates. What, then,
becomes of the tides and estates and rights of prop-
erty guarantied to the Mexicans by the treaty?
Little chance will they have, when whole districts
of mineral country have been divided out among
such multitudes, in small surveys, who have ob-
tained patents from the United States. It is indeed
a most perfect forfeiture and loss of all the rights
of the Mexican owners.
I do not wish to occupy the time of the Senate.
My object is to save time. If the Senate can
vote understandingly on this bill at all during this
session, they are much better informed about it
than I am, or than I have supposed them to be.
Air. RUSK. If the Senator will turn to the
nineteenth section, he will see that all the sur-
veyor general has to do does not affect th%title to
land at all. That section provides;
"• The said superior iudgc for the said district of Gila,
sitting as chancellor, shall have exclusive jurisdiction of all
claims to land arising under grants fiom the Crown of Spam,
or from tiie supreme Government of Mexico, or other
authority, which are within the limits of the said district
of Arizona, and shall hear and determine the same judi-
cially. And from the decisions of the said superior judge
sitting as chancellor m court, either at the stated or extra
terms, as the case may be, an appeal may be taken there-
from/either by the party claiming under a grant as afore-
said, or by the district attorney of the United States, to the
Supreme Court of the United States, within si* months
after the decision; and if not taken witftin that time, the
same shall be barred, and the judgment shall be final."
That projects all the rights of claimants; and
other provisions? which are, perhaps, too long
52
