818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 21,
to read, give the usual facilities for establishing
their rights. The title is to be filed; a clerk is to
be employed for the purpose of translating it.
Every Mexican claimant is to have every oppor-
tunity for asserting his title. I venture to say
that if this bill shall pass and become a law, no
man who attends to his interests will forfeit a
single foot of land to which he has a correct title;
hut it will prevent a flood of fraudulent titles from
being set up, very much to the detriment of the
-settlements, and to the destruction of the moral
tone of the community. It guards and secures
us in that respect. I do -not seek to forfeit any
rights at all.
The other objection of the honorable Senator
is as to the pay of sixteen dollars a mile for sur-
veying. He must remember that it is a new
country, infested by Indians; and that it is not
surveying at a place where expenses are cheap.
If he will observe the provisions of the bill, he
will find that those who obtain the titles for min-
eral lands must pay the surveyor's fees. If he
will look at another provision of th<* bill, he will
find that all tho fees received by the surveyor
general are to be accounted for and paid over to
the receiver. His salary is fixed at ^4,000.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. J think my friend does
not understand this provision of the bill. As
surveyor general, lie ls authorized, to lie sure, to
survey private claims; and when that is done,
the private claimant pays him most enormously.
For surveying a lot one hundred feet Ion*; and
forty feet wide, he is to be paid twenty dollars.
But, besides that, he is to do such surveying as a
surveyor general ordinarily does, and is directed
to survey great ranges and regions of country at
the public expense. This is the provision:
" Forsmvoyutg the base ami meridian lines and private
claiins, and about the bu^e of iu.iec^-ible mountains, and
meandemig navigable waters, them shall bo allowed not
exceeding sixteen dollars per mile."
This form of expression leaves everything at
large—" not exceeding sixteen dollars permile."
He is to receur sixteen dollais-, or if not, who
is to determine ? Who do you vest with the au-
thority of deciding what shall be his compensa-
tion? You Iihvi • in vested no ollieer with that
power, and I take it, theietbiv, that he is to have
the sixteen dollars. If lie is not to have that
much, I say the bill is objectionable in not fixing
the exact sum. This is an important question.
Sixteen dollars per mile for surveying! Why,
sir, I am told by a gentleman who knows some-
tiling about this sort of work, that a surveyor
will survey twenty miles a day in a country that
is favorable. Twenty times sixteen dollars then
would be his compensation for one day's work.
Mr. BENJAMIN". The Senator, I think, has
overlooked another clause of the hill, to which I
I will call his attention. At page &) the surveyor
general's salary is fiYed
"at the rateof not exceeding #'1.000 per annum, payable
monthly, to eonimcnce limn the date of hn eoiinnission:
Provide^ Thai, thm ntte ot < oniprn-.Unui t-.li.ill no! e.\tend
beyond the term of two yeais, and {hat all tees anywheie
provided for in tin.; act to be paid to (he surveyor gemnnl
shall he by Inm aeeountcd lor and paid ovei to the receiver
of the land office.''
Then the next section contains a limitation of
the amount to be furnished from the Treasury to
the surveyor general to provide for the expenses
of survey, the pay of deputy surveyors and all.
The fees fixed in the fourth section, as I under-
stand the bill, are not foes for the surveyor gen-
eral. He is to be paid $4,000 a year. The third
section provides his compensation; the fourth
section provides the maximum sum which he and i
the corps of deputy surveyors shall be allowed
out of the Treasury for making the surveys.
Mr. CiU PTENDEN, I understand by " fees" {
a different (lung from the gentleman. There its a
direction here to survey for the public; that is the
duty of the surveyor general; you make him for
that purpose. You direct him to survey for the
United States, and give mm sixteen dollars a mile
for that. That is not what you mean by u fees."
The sums obtained f;om individualsforsurveytng
private claims arc the fe<\s, and nothing else are
fees. Will not the gentleman say he is entitled
to sixteen dollars a mile for every mile he sur-
veys ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that he is not.
The fourth section provides:
The said surveyor general shall have the exclusive power
And authority to perfouu all the duties of hisoffiee,iespeet-
ing the survey of all the lands, public and private, witlliu
tho limits of the dr-.triot aforesaid, anythms in any act of
Congress to the connarv notwithstanding. He shall engage-
a sufficient number of skillful surveyors a« his deputies,
whom he shall eaur-e to survey, mcn-mi c, and mark base and
mondial) Iine< through cuch point*, and perpetuated by
such monuments of stone, or of as durable materials of
wood as can he conveniently obtained, and to run such
other correction pnrallels and meridian* as may be proper
and required, and the lines necessary to subdivide the lands
into mile sections,, and quarter sections, and into half quar-
ters, if required, and where proper, into fractions, or such
minimum divisions he rem after provided for as to minerals,
and also to suivev andc*ta!)li*h all otherlmes of the public
lands which he may be directed to do by tiie Pie^ident of
the United States, conformably to law. And lor surveying
the base and meridian lines, and private claims, and about
the base ofinaeeosiblemouutains and meamienng naviga-
ble waters, tiieie Mudi be allowed not exceeding sixteen
dollars pel mdo.
Not to him.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Not to him ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. No; but the Treasury
shall allow that much fur the surveys. If he
cannot get deputy surveyors for that amount he
is not to pay; but his compensation is $4,000 per
annum, and is fixed by the tlurd section. So I
understand the bill.
Mr. COL.LAMER. The surveyor general has
a salary of a certain amount, and the object of
fixing that maximum is this: tho running of lines
is always let nut by contract under the surveyor
general; and, in letting it out by contract, it has
been the practice, m different parts of the coun-
try, to limit the maximum at which he shall let,
so that he shall not exceed so much. That is
all there is of that part of tho bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Do gentlemen mean
that the whole expenses for this surveying are
to be paid by the $4,000 salary given to the sur-
veyor general ?
Mr. COLLAMER. It is not expected that
the surveyor general there, any more than any
where else, will do any surveying at all. Half
of them do not know how to survey at all. It is
always done by contract. The surveyor general
employs men to do«t, they bidding for it. lie
supetintends it, and they make the returns to
Inm. This maximum u only that heshall not let
out his surveying woik at more thtm so much a
mile.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That he shall not let
out his surveying work for mote than sixteen
dollars a mile ! Will he not let it out for sixteen
dollars a mile? I was not inquiring so much
where the money was to go; but the price of six-
teen dollars a mile is to be paid to bun or his dep-
uties. There never was such legislation as to
price. If he surveys ten miles a day, he will
make $I(i0 a day. It is not veiy inateiial to us
where the money goes—whether to the surveyor
general or the deputy; but does anybody doubt
that it will go from us out of the Treasury? .Six-
teen dollars is the highest price for surveying
described here; for other surveying twelve dol-
lars a mile is allowed. For all the surveying of
the long straight lines run upon a meridian or
parallel line theyuio to be paid sixteen dollars a
mile. To be sure, I have no doubt there may be
some, if not much, danger in some portions of the
country in making these surveys; and of that my
friend from Texas reminds me. I think there is
a very good answer to that. We do not stand m
any immediate necessity for the use of this terri-
tory, if it is nowsQv.occupied by Indians that you
cannot travel over it without danger. We had
better let it alone until the country is pacified,
and our people can settle in quiet there, and we
can make an appropriation for their settlement
and the acquisition of title by a survey less costly
than this. Sixteen dollars a mile for surveying!
By the time the surveyor has surveyed a mile
square, run four lines around a square of one
mile, he will be entitled four times over to the
price of one mile's surveying at sixteen dollars a
mile, or sixty-four dollars. It is more than the
land will sell for.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is only base and meri-
dian hn-'S that are paid for. lie cannot survey
square miles m that way.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He can survey square
miies in plains in that way, and for that the man
is to pay the price of the lands stipulated, and pay
twenty dollars more. As I have stated, fora little
tract of land one hundred feet long and forty feet
wide, he has to pay tho surveyor a fee of twenty
dollars.
Mr. RUSK. Oh, no.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is fifty dollars for the
land.
Mr. RUSK. The honorable Senator is mis-
taken about the provision of the bill. The tract
for a vein is to be three hundred yards long, and
for the tract itself he is to pay fifty dollars, and
for placer mines five dollars. That is not for the
survey; it goes into the Treasury.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not wish to occupy
time. The price seems to me to be extravagant;
but that is said to be a small matter. This bill
contains a subject infinitely more important than
the price we are to pay for surveying. I say it
does hazard every title in this Territory guaran-
tied by treaty, and places them, to a fatal extent,
in the power of the surveyor general. That is
my opinion from a perusal — a hasty perusal I
acknowledge—of portions of this bill; the whole
of it I have not read. It undertakes to forfeit a
man's estate because he has been from the pos-
session of itfor six months. This is ex post facto;
after the act done comes the law. He might leave
I his possession for reasons of private business*, for
1 considerations of personal danger; and he did not
know, from any law existing, that an absence of
six months would forfeit his title; and yet after
the absence he comes and finds that you have
passed a law by which it is to be forfeited.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator is confounding two
provisions of the bill. It only declares the fact
that the abandonment of a mine for six months
was, by the laws of Spain and Mexico, a forfeit-
ure. An abandonment of a mine, not keeping it
; in operation, opened it to anybody else to take
' possession. The surveyor general is only to sur-
vey such lands; but the court is open for the
alleged owner to assert his title. This only guides
the surveyor in making the survey of the mineral
lands. In regard to the agricultural land, if there
has been an abandonment of it for seven years,
the surveyor general is authorized to survey it;
but the courts are open; no limitation is imposed,
in that respect. The Spanish or Mexican law,
or the treaty, or any other authority under which
he might have obtained title, is to be recognized
by the court, and the court is to determine it,
subject to an appeal to the Supreme Court of the
United States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. When we took them
into our possession they became the subjects of
our law, and the Congress of the United States
had no right to forfeit them for any such omis-
sion afterwards. Is not this a question of law of
momentous consequences? The gentleman enter-
tains one opinion; I another. Are we to determ-
ine this by legislation, and take such action on
the subject as will multiply obstacles m the way
of the man who, under the treaty, had a good
title ?
As I remarked before, let one of your citizens
get a patent for one of these gold mines; let others
in the same neighborhood—hundreds—come m;
and what chance, in court or out of court, does a
poor claimant stand who thought he might rely
confidently on your faith pledged in the treaty?
It is impossible for me to vote for the bill with
these ideas. I do not mean to enter into any
minute discussion about it; I am not prepared to
do so; but I wish to warn the Senate of the char-
acter of the bill we are passing—one of the great-
est possible moment.
Another thing is determined by the bill: that
the royal title to the minerals existing, notwith-
standing your grant of the lands for grazing or
agricultural purposes, has passed to the United
States. That is a grave question, upon which
estates depend. I maintain that that royal title
is extinct. The title granted by the United States
makes no reservation. There is no reservation
implied from, or created by, the law in^respect to
the United States; the claimant's title is simply
relieved from the royal exaction that existed upon
it under the Mexican law. That is my opinion.
It may be an erroneous one/ Are we prepared
to settle it here? The Supreme Court have said
that it is a question 09 which they forbear to give
an opinion. Now we are undertaking to settle
it so far as to authorize our officer to go on and
create adversary and conflicting titles. Is that
right? Is the Senate prepared to do that. For
one, I am not.
Mr. WELLER. I do not desire to engage in
this discussion; but I have a word to say in re-
gard to the amount this bill proposes to allow to
