1857.-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
819
the surveyor general for running these lines. I
find the same provision in the act of the 3d of
March, 1853, providing for the appointment of a
surveyor general in the State of California. The
language used in that act is:
" For surveying tlie base and meridian lines, and private
claims, and meandering navigable waters, the deputy sur-
veyor shall be allowed not exceeding sixteen dollars per
mile ; and for surveying the other lines of the public lands
tliere shall be paid to him not exceeding an average of
twelve dollars per mile."
This is substantially the same provision which
I find in the present bill. Of course it is much
more difficult to run those lines in that part of
New Mexico which is called Arizona than in the
State of California, because in that State there are
very extensive valleys, and a surveyor could pass
over a large number of miles in a day; but 1 ap-
prehend it will be found much more expensive
to conduct these surveys in this portion of New
Mexico than it was in the State of California. 1
think, therefore, that these rates are not extrav-
agant.
Mr. COLLAMER. My name has been alluded
to a number of times in connection with this bill,
and I am free to state whatever I know in regard
to it, so far as this knowledge can be of any use
to the Senate.
In the first place, in relation to what are the
laws of Mexico, and how far persons hold titles
under them, and what are the limitations of those
titles under the laws of Mexico, before and at the
time we acquired this territory from Mexico, I
am unprepared to say. That is a department of
law which has not fallen within my research, and
with which I am not at all acquainted. I have
therefore not interfered in the committee with that
portion of the bill which relates to the titles ac-
quired to mineral lands under and by virtue of
frants from Spain and Mexico. It was drawn
ythe Senator from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] who was
acquainted with that part of the subject.
There is one feature of this bill which seems to
me to be of some importance. This Territory
called Arizona, that is, the Gadsden purchase,
was by act of Congress declared to be a part of
the Territory of New Mexico, and within her
jurisdiction. I understand that by that law the
power of passing on claims of title to mineral and
other lands is vested in the surveyor general of
New Mexico.
Mr. RUSK. That is the law as it stands.
Mr. COLLAMER. He is made a sort of com-
missioner to pass on titles. It will be observed
that this bill recognizes him as having claims be-
fore him in relation to lands within this district,
and it provides that so far as he has decided them,
his decision shall remain; but that where he has
not decided them, they shall pass over to that
source of authority for deciding them which this
bill creates. This bill creates a judicial district,
and provides for appointing a judge; and that
judge is to receive these private claims of title,
and they are to be passed upon by him as a court,
subject to an appeal to be taken to the Supreme
Court of the United States. They will pass under
the supervision of the Attorney General of the
United States, and he will prosecute such appeals
as he thinks proper, where the decision is in favor
of the claimants. The advantage of this bill,
over things as they now stand in that country,
is, that it will vest in a court, instead of in the
surveyor generalof New Mexico, the power of
passing on land titles. It seems to me that is an
improvement.
There is, however, in this bill, a declaration of
certain laws as being the laws of Mexico, and
now prevailing in this Territory, in relation to
land titles, claiming to put this Government in the
position in which the Mexican Government stood
in the relationship between it and its tenants or
occupants of mineral lands. As I have already
said, that is a department of law with which I am
entirely unacquainted, and on which I have noth-
ing to say. I desire it to be understood that I
have not examined that part of the bill.
There are three leading features in this bill.
First, it creates a judicial district in the territory
called the Gadsden purchase, which is now, and
which will remain a part of New Mexico. There
are in New Mexico three district courts, from
which there is an appeal to the supreme court of
the Territory, composed of the three judges sit-
ting together, and from them there is an appeal
to the Supreme Court of the United States. This
bill creates a judicial district and a judge for that
district, and invests him with the powers both of
a district and circuit judge, and carries a case
directly from him to the Supreme Court of the
United States.
The next feature, which occupies a large part
of the bill, is a declaration of what the law has
been, and shall continue to be, in relation to
mineral lands. It declares that, by the law of
Mexico, no man had a title to mineral lands at all,
and that those lands passed by the consent of the
Government to those who entered upon, occupied,
and denounced them. The word "denounce" is
a technical word, known to the Mexican law; and
as I understand it, it means nothing more and
nothing less than this: one tenant occupies land,
and if he abandon it for any length of time, say
six months, another man may denounce it, and
enter it for himself. The word "denounce" has
that meaning. It meant that the person taking
the land announced that he had taken it. A man
owned it only for the time he occupied it; and
whenever he left it, somebody else denounced it,
or announced his intention to take it.% This bill
declares that to be the law of mineral lands. I
know nothing as to whether that is the law or
not, but a large portion of the bill is taken up
with that subject.
There is one other feature. It separates this
piece of country from the rest of New Mexico,
and creates for it additional representatives in
both Houses of the Legislature in New Mexico—
two members in the Council and four in the As-
sembly. I do not know that this is at all material.
No doubt, if it should not be provided for, this
portion of the Territory would have its proper
proportion of representatives according to popula-
tion. Perhaps that has already been attended to
in New Mexico, for aught I know.
Such are the great leading features of this bill.
It creates an additional judge, independent of the
courts m New Mexico, for this district of country.
It provides for a new surveyor general. It de-
clares the laws in regard to mineral lands. As
the bill was submitted to me for examination, I
spent much time on it, and I endeavored to make
it as perfect as I could. The amendments which
I suggested were adopted by the committee, and
have been reported as a substitute for the bill.
The Senator from Texas said these amendments
made the bill more perfect—at any rate the com-
mittee thought so. The amendments were mainly
designed to perfect the purpose of the bill—my
mode of legislating being to endeavor to make
every measure, whether I like it or not, as good
and as perfect as I can, even if I am disposed to
vote against it. I have performed that duty m
this case except as to that branch of the bill which
relates to the peculiar laws of Mexico, about
which I know nothing. In other respects, I made
the bill as well as my ability would permit, and I
devoted much time to it.
I ought, however, to say that I do not perceive
the necessity of creating this new judicial district.
It may be necessary to declare the laws in rela-
tion to the titles to mineral lands, and probably
something should be done on that subject. The
honorable Senator from Kentucky says it under-
takes to legislate on a very important topic. I
think so, too; but that is no reason why it should
not be legislated upon. I think directions should
be given to the surveyor general, whoever he may
be, as to the manner of plotting these lands, and
the size of the plots to which persons shall be
entitled. Legislation on that subject is needed;
but 1 am not convinced that there is any necessity
for having a new court in this region. I much
prefer to have private claims passed on by a court
instead of by a surveyor general in New Mexico
or anywhere else; but it seems to me that when
we have a court exercising jurisdiction in this
country, the power might just as well be put in
the hands of that court as in any new court which
we may create. The Senator from Texas, who
is more familiarly acquainted with this region,
thinks there are peculiar interests in that country ;
which require this legislation. I admit that some
of it is much detached from the settled portion of
New Mexico. The southern part, oil the Rio
Grande, is separated from the rest of New Mexico
by a desert ninety miles in extent, without water.
I forget the Spanish name by which it is called,
but I think the meaning of it is, " the march of
death."
Mr. RUSK. Jnrnado del muerto.
Mr. COLLAMER. That desert separates this
part of the country on the Rio Grande from the
body of the inhabitants of New Mexico; but after
all, this is now included in one of the judicial
districts, and it seems to me the power might as
well be put in the hands of that judge as in the
hands of a new one.
I have now explained the knowledge which I
have on the subject as briefly as I could do so.
It cost me some effort to frame the amendments
and put the bill in its present shape. I do rfot
wish to be understood as committing myself to
the declaration contained in the bill as to the
mining law. That I trusted to the Senator from
Texas. I am not satisfied of the necessity of
making a new district, though I acknowledge
there is a necessity for declaring what the law is,
and giving directions as to the mode of surveying.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Mexican law was
not that any one who discovered minerals on any
lands had any absolute right whatever to a grant
for a mining privilege, as it was called. It was
his duty, on making the discovery, to give notice
of it to the proper Spanish officer. Notice was
then given to the proprietor of the land. He
might be ignorant of the existence of the mine,
or he might know of it, and not choose to work
it. Another man discovers it, and thinks it is
worth working. He gives notice of his discovery
to the proper officer, and then notice is given to
the proprietor of the land, and he has the prefer-
ence of taking it, and working the mine, notwith-
standing the discovery. That is the law.
You go on now to say that even when a man
has been in possession of agricultural land sanc-
tioned by treaty as well as by every form of title,
if another goes and discovers on his land gold,
or any of the precious metals here enumerated,
he shall have a license to mine. That is going
further than the Spanish Government ever did.
That privilege, according to the Spanish and
Mexican law, was first to be offered to the pro-
prietor of the land; but the United States are now,
by this bill, initiating a new system. You are
considering the mining privilege as separate and
distinct from the title to the land. Can you do
so after a grant has been made by the Spanish or
Mexican Government? I do not undertake to
decide that question; it is a very important one.
I think the United States cannot grant to any
man, upon a discovery of minerals, the privilege
of working a mine on my land. That was the
Spanish and Mcxican system; but it is not the
American system. No law of ours has recognized
it. The land, as I take it, has been confirmed,
by the treaty, to the holder of it in all its rights
and royalties. So the United States have acted.
So far as they have acted at all, through their
courts of justice, on this subject, they have left
open the question about mines. It is occupying
the attention of professional men and judges. It
rs not decided; but in the mean time we under-
take, by this bill, to decide it so far as to authorize
action upon it before it can ever get to any judicial
tribunal. The surveyor may declare what land
he pleases forfeited! Do we not see the tempta-
tions to fiaud and corruption produced by this?
Are all the deputy surveyors to be immaculate—
to be above temptation? Or will they go to a
well known mine, belonging to a well known
man, and say, "Your land is forfeited," and
make surveys over it, and grant the land to their
friends; and, with the United States patentagainst
him, what is this foreigner to do claiming under
the treaty, and holding us bound by our feith?
We have witnessed in all these conquests of
ours from Mexico, the most extraordinary state
of things that ever existed. In California, every
man holding a title, however indefeasible it might
have been on its face, however perfect it might
have been m all its forms, was compelled to come
forward with his title and become a litigant; and
if he did not do so within a certain time, he for-
feited his title to his land. Was there ever another
country which required every settler who had. a
claim to a foot of land to engage in litigation?
That is the condition of California, not one saving,
not one exception; the whole world were chal-
lenged; all those who wanted a man's land, every
one who coveted his neighbor's mines, was set to
work to prevent him, if possible, from obtaining
justice or a confirmation of his title.
Now, you are going a step further; you are
