1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
six years; and the treaty in strong-language rati-
fies and confirms such a title as that; makes it
indefeasible forever against the rights of the-real
owner deriving his title from the Government
which supposed it had the right.
Now what is the individual to do? I appeal to
the Senate to know what shall be done in a case
of this kind ? Have these claimants asked for
anything unreasonable or wrong? They have
been deprived of their titles; they have tried their
rights in the highest court of their State, which
tells them that this treaty being the supreme law
of the land, and ratifying and confirming their
titles to other parties, their rights are gone. What
now shall they do ?
Then the Senator says that the court decided
their claims wrongly; but if that Senator were on
the bench to decide the same question, I do not
see how he could avoid arriving at the same con-
clusion. The stipulation of the treaty being that
the title of the British subject in the quiet pos-
session and occupation of land in the State of
Maine for more than six years, should be ratified
and confirmed, and the treaty being the supreme
law of the land, would he, sitting on the bench,
say that it shall not be ratified and confirmed, but
that the real owner, claiming through agrantfrom
one of these States, shall oust him? I do not
believe he could say it. The State of Maine did
not say it, and her mandate was all-sufficient to
deprive forever the real owner of all right. He
never can get it. To whom shall he look ? Who
has deprived him of bis title, in the judgment of
the supreme court of his State, the highest court
Under which he lives ? Who has taken his land
for the public benefit in order to settle this great
dispute ? Who has taken this land in order that
peace may reign ? Shall he lose it ? His courts
tell him he has lost it. The treaty tells him he
has lost it. The General and State Governments
say to him, "You have lost your title, because
we have conferred it on another, in order to settle
this great international controversy." They had
a right to say it; but they have no right to refuse
to make him a just compensation when they have
said it.
Mr. President, the legal bearings of this ques-
tion lie within a very small compass; they are
very easy to be understood; and I do not suppose
I could make them plainer by argument. The
details of the question are not disputed at all;
there is no doubt about them. The small farms
that were occupied in this way are easy to be
ascertained. It' took a considerable amount of
time to settle it; but it was not difficult of settle-
ment.
The Senator complains that, during the last
session, the Committee on Claims reported the
condition of things existing in Maine to the Sen-
ate, not in that clandestine manner which the
Senator insinuates, but it was done in open Sen-
ate. I myself proclaimed the purpose; I stated
the difficulties underwhich we were laboring—the
difficulties of settling the amount of these claims;
I said that we believed the principle to be easy
of settlement; but the details would require some-
body to go and take testimony, and ascertain pre-
cisely how the facts were. We asked the Senate
to give us power to send a commissioner there for
this purpose, and they granted it. He has been
there; he has faithfully performed his duty; and
the report will show that there is no doubt about
the facts of the case.
Mr. STUART. I wish to disclaim any idea
of saying that there was any improper conduct
on the part of the committee, or any member of
it.
Mr. WADE. I did not intend to say that.
The Senator barely said it was done in the hurry
of business, and the Senate did not understand it.
I believe they did understand it. I know I stated
the purpose of it, as I do now, and what we in-
tended by it. They saw that what we asked was
no more than reasonable, and they immediately
granted it.
Here I will say also, that one case, depending
upon precisely the same principles upon which
all the cases depend, was brought up before the
Senate last year, the principles upon which it was
based were explained to the Senate, and I believe
without a dissenting voice they passed the bill.
Most of these cases are possessory rights falling
within that branch of the treaty. There are three
of individuals provided for. I might
explain each of them; but they all turn on princi-
ples equally plain and to the same purport, and I
do not wish-to occupy any more time than is ne-
cessary to show that the principle upon which we
proceed to ask for the settlement of these claims
is not an unusual one, is not without the purview
of the Constitution, is no more than absolute
justice demands at our hands, in favor of those
whom we have deprived of their titles. The land
is very cheap. The estimates of its value are
exceedingly moderate—hardly any of it more
than two or three dollars an acre; but still it is
important to the poor men who own these tracts
of land, and who have been deprived of them in
this way. Since their property has been taken in
order to promote peace and to make this import-
ant treaty, and for the public good, we should
make them compensation for it in the language of
the Constitution.
Mr. ADAMS. This seems to me to be a pri-
vate claim, and when it was taken up it was not
expected that it would give rise to debate. It is
very evident that differences of opinion exist in
regard to it. Friday is the day assigned for the
consideration of private business, and therefore,
for the present, I move to lay the billon the table,
so that it may come up on that day.
Mr. BRODHEAD. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Mississippi the propriety of postponing it,
without laying it on the table. We have now
public measures that have priority as unfinished
business.
Mr. ADAMS. If it bo laid on the table it will
have the same effect. It can be called up at any
time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senator will
withdraw the motion for a moment.
Mr. ADAMS. I withdraw it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the bill is to pass at
all this session, and go to the House of Repre-
sentatives, it ought to be passed at once. I do
not think there will be much debate on it. I do
not intend to say much about it myself, perhaps
nothing. We can vote upon it in a very few
minutes one way or the other. If it goes over
to Friday, the other cases 011 the Calendar will
take precedence, and there will be no chance of
reaching it. I would rather that it should re-
tain its place at any rate. The Senator can renew
his motion if he sees fit, as he withdrew it for my
accommodation, but I think that there will be no
debate on it.
Mr. ADAMS. The debate will consume the
whole morning, and we shall have no vote on it.
My object in proposing to lay the bill on the table
was to cut on debate; but if we can have a vote
on the motion to postpone until Friday, I make
that motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we postpone it till
Friday, other matters will take precedence of it,
and it is equivalent to postponing it altogether.
The motion to postpone was agreed to; there
being, on a division—ayes 22, noes 14.
REVENUE LAWS.
Mr. ADAMS. Some days since there was a
bill under consideration, introduced by the Sen-
ator from New York, [Mr. Slwaei),] which had
for its object the collection of the revenues, and to
prevent frauds. There seemed to be 110 objection
to the bill, except to an amendment that I offered,
which led to debate, and on that account it was
laid on the table-. I move now to take up that
bill, with a view of withdrawing my amendment,
which will allow the bill to pass without objec-
tion. '
The motion to take the bill from the table was
agreed to; and the Senate resumed, as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 5S6) to amend the act " reducing the
duties on imports and for other purposes, "passed
July 30, 1846.
Mr. ADAMS. My amendment was offered
with a view of obtaining a vote of the Senate on
the question embraced in it. I find, however,
that it will probably prevent the passage of the
bill, which I look on as being important; and
hoping the Senate will give me a vote on a sep-
arate bill for that purpose as soijh as we get
through the morning business, I withdraw the
amendment.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
OCEANIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. RUSK. It will be remembered that amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
in relation to the submarine telegraph bill were
pending last Thursday when the Senate went into
executive session, and the Senator from New-
York,[Mr. Sf.ward] was cut off in the middle of
a speech. I move now to take up that question.
The motion was agreed to; ana the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S. No,
493) to expedite telegraphic communication foi
the uses of the Government in its foreign inter-
course.
When the subject was under consideration o 
Thursday, the 19th instant,
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee, spoke as follows: i
did not intend to take any part m this debate, ancl
would not now but for something like a personal
reference to myself by my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Thompson,] in his very interesting speech.
I do not propose to enter into the argument in
any detail; I wish simply to state some few of
the grounds on which I have heretofore favored
this measure, and upon which 1 propose to sus-
tain it by my vote at present.
First, as to the objection that, by giving the
aid of this Government to this enterprise, we are
arming our great adversary on the other side of
the Atlantic with a formidable weapon to be
wielded against us in the event of some future
war which, may arise between the two countries.
In the language of one Senator, we shall be
putting our hands voluntarily in the lion's mouth.
All such arguments are addressed, by the oppo-
nents of the measure, to the prejudices which
exist, or are supposed to exist, against Great
Britain, and to the apprehensions of the collision
which may take place between these two great
naval Powers for the control of the commerce of
the world; and I put them aside at once as having
110 terrors for me, and none for any other man of
ordinary intelligence who has considered well of
the subject. I believe that they have not the
slightest foundation to rest upon in relation to this
project, which has furnished so rich a subject to
some gentlemen for the exercise of their fancies
and their peculiar faculties for wit and ridicule.
If it be of such great importance to Great Britain
to possess this submarine communication—the
termini of which are to be on her own soil and
withinher own jurisdiction—stretc-hingfrom New-
foundland to Ireland, m the event of any future
war with this country, would <€350,000, the esti-
mated cost of this whole work, be any obstacle
to the attainment of it? Would she hesitate to
assume the entire cost of the enterprise, if it prom-
ises such important advantages, and could not
otherwise be carried forward? Would Great
Britain pause for a single moment, in contributing
not only the i£14,000 per annum for the use of
this commwnication, in common with the United
States, should it prove to be successful, but also
the additional .£14,000 per annum now asked
from this Government, to have the full and exclu-
sive use and possession of the facilities or advant-
ages of such a communication ? I cannot believe
that there is a single Senator on this floor, who
will examine this question, who will be influenced
for a single moment by any of the suggestion?
which have been thrown out against this bill.
Great Britain can acquire all these advantages
independent of us, if she thinks proper to do so.
Why, sir, if there be any real weight in the argu-
ment addressed to our fears, our jealousies and
apprehensions on this subject, and Great Britain
should place any such estimate upon the advant-
ages of such a communication in a war with
this country, she would not hesitate to expend
^£1,000,000, or =£3,000,000, to establish it.
It may be regarded as a more serious question
whether Congress has the constitutional power
to contribute to such a mode of communication
between this country and Great Britain. What
is it for ? To facilitate the commercial intercourse
between this country and the States of Europe.
No gentleman, I presume, will deny that it will
contribute largely to that end—not to facilitate
commerce by encouraging a dangerous and reck-
less trade, but by rendering it safer to the mer-
chant, and safer to the country, 111 the more rea-
sonable apportionment of both the imports and
exports to the wants of the domestic and foreign
markets.
