826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 23,
But, sir, this enterprise, if it shall prove suc-
cesstul, will not only tend to extend our trade
with ;hi> States of Europe, but every part of the
mvjt eastern continent, even to India and China.
Now, as to the power to do this in the mode
proposed by this measure. Mr. President, what
do we now do to facilitate, protect, and stimulate
the growth of the commerce of the United States
with foreign States and countries? What is your
Navy for ? Will the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia answer me what are the great purposes of
the Navy of the United States but to give encour-
agement to and stimulate commercial enterprise,
and not only on our coasts, our own seas, but in
every part of the world to which the enterprise
of our citizens has carried it ? What do we pay
for that facility, that security, that encourage-
ment, that stimulant to private enterprise in con-
ducting- the foreign commerce of the country?
Ten millions of dollars per annum. Let no gen-
tleman say that the Navy is intended to protect
our coastwise trade and harbors alone. We pro-
tect our harbors, our accessible and exposed
points on the sea-coast by fortifications, by such
defenses as will hold a foreign invader at bay
until the people of the country can rally to their
aid. The Navy may be said to be maintained
simply for the purpose of giving security and
protection to private enterprise on the ocean, and
it) extending ourtrade wilh foreign countries. We
support naval armaments in the Mediterranean,
in the West Indies, in the East Indies, upon the
Pacilic coast, and in every part of the world where
we have a commerce of such amount as deserves
the notice and protection of the Government.
We, besides, send out exploring expeditions into
unknown seas to extend our commerce. And all
this for what but to give security, to stimulate
and encourage the commerce of the country? And
does not tins security and protection facilitate
commerce? Take this idea, in connection with
the communication proposed to be made between
this continent and Europe by a submarine tele-
graph: will that give no additional facility? will
it give no additional security and encouragement
to the foreign commerce of the country?
But it may be said that the Constitution pro-
vides* for the maintenance of a Navy. True, but
the Constitution is silent as to the uses to which
the Navy is to be applied in stimulating and pro-
tecting present commercial enterprise on the ocean.
But let us view the question upon the assumption
that one great object designed by the Consti-
tution was to protect, and, by that'protection, to
encourage and extend foreign trade. We keep
naval squadrons 111 the A-lediteiranean and in the
Chinese suis for tin- secunty and pi o tectum of our
trade. Ti legraphu; wires are already extended
over Kuropr, and they are projected through Asia
to the GulfofPersia By (be submarine telegraph
it is proposed to connect America and Europe,
it is often of great importance to communicate
with those squad rons it. the shortest possible time,
and the expenditure we propose to make to this
enterprise may be fairly set down as incident to
the naval power. Out I do not rest my support
to this measure upon that ground. In the grant
of the postal power of the Chncmmuit nothing is
said of the exercise of that power m facilitating
our postal communication for foreign countries;
yet, sir, we exj>end hundreds of thousands of
dollars to facilitate the earryingof a mail between
this country and the States of Kurope, and we
make contracts with foieigti States to regulate
the postages carried under the authority of this
government; arid what is a telegraph line but
anoih< i mode of communication to advance com-
mereie! and other interests connected with foreign
intert oiii"-''' ?
Now, sir, as !o the question which has been
made in this debate, whether the proposed sub-
marine coiimxtioii with Europe will be of any
advantage or utility to any of the great interests
of tlit country. I remember that when the con- 1
nection between New Voile and the principal
soul hern poits, Cliai ieston, Savannah, and New
Orleans, by telegraph lilies, and blanch lines were
carried to the pnu^pa! town.-- ui the interior, that
a very general sentiment prevailed among the
growers of cotton -ami tobacco in my oun section
o! the country, and among the whole business
community, that they had a new and most im-
portant security thus provided against the crafts
and wiles of the speculators who, pi olitiug by
their local position in the East, in being the first
to receive intelligence of a rise in the foreign mar-
kets of the great staples of the South, dispatched
their agents to every part of the country and were
often able to amass fortunes at the expense of the
producer—kept in ignorance of the real value of
their products by the tardy diffusion of commer-
cial news through the mails. The communication
by telegraph over the lines connecting the south-
ern ports and those with the principal commercial
points in the interior, with New York, Boston,
and Halifax, I know is still esteemed in the whole
of the Southwest as of the greatest importance;
and I presume the same may be said of the whole
South. But it is not the great staples of cotton
and tobacco alone which are thus protected against
sacrifice by falling into the hands of speculators.
The more widely diffused products of wheat and
pork are similarly guarded and guarantied against
the impositions practiced by the speculator.
Well, sir, if the lines of communication by the
magnetic telegraph between New York and Hal-
ifax, and all the large producing districts South
and West, and throughout the whole interior, be
so important, will not the extension of that line
by a submarine telegraph to all the principal
markets in Europe contribute still more largely
to the securities of honest trade ? It has been
argued upon this point that the delays in the
transit of commercial information across the At-
lantic by wind and steam are no hindrance to
trade, and that the consequences of such delay
are equal as between the buyer and seller in this
country; but is this true? Would not the speedy
transmission of intelligence by wires across the
Atlantic give renewed activity and steadiness to
trade in all departments of it, while at the same
time it would repress wild speculations, and se-
cure to both the producer and the merchant who
buys his products, a fair and just profit upon his
capital and industry ? It seems to me that these
are results of the highest importance to the whole
country.
Allusion has been mado to the large amounts
lavished by the Government in sustaining the
Collins line of steamers; and gentlemen have de-
nounced the support given to that line in the most
unmeasured terms. The expenditure is said to
havif been extravagant, and founded in no just or
wise policy. 1 do not so regard it. I do not say
thatthe amounts paid to that line of steamers may
not have been greater than was actually necessary
to make the experiment of the shortest time in
which the passage across the Atlantic might he
effected by Amcncan skill, in all the arts con-
nected with steam navigation; but whether that
be so or not, the results of the experiment are of
far more value to the country than all the money
expended in making it. One of these results is
the introduction info both our military and mer-
cantile marine, favored by a competition with a
powerful rival, of a class of sea-going vessels out-
stripping in magnitude, strength,and speed com-
bined, ail former conception of what was pos-
sible to beeilected. Sir, but for the encouragement
given to the Collins and some other enterprises
of a like kind, the conjecture may be hazarded
that we might not have reached the same perfec-
tion in the construction of ships, and in the manu-
facture of marine engines, in half a century, under
the slow progress of improvement having nothing
to sustain it but private capital. Will any gen-
tleman deny that the Collins, and other lines of
ocean steamers, have not stimulated and supplied
increased facilities to our foreign trade and inter-
course?
I know it is said the Collins steamers have
proved to be a failure as war vessels. Perhaps
they have to the extent to which it was contem-
plated by some of those who gave their support
to that tine. Some entertained the belief that
these vessels could, in the exigency of war, be
converted into war vessels carrying a powerful
battery. All such calculations, no matter who
made them, have been, or Will be, disappointed
doubtless, thouah these vessels were built under
; the instructions of tins Government. But,
! though iio such expectations can be realized, yet
! it is far from being true that the ships of this line
j could not. now, in an emergency of war, be most
j advantageously employed as auxiliaries, and sup-
I ply tiie place ot an essential class of war vessels.
; In the transportation of troops and supplies of all
J sorts to distant naval stations or squadrons, they
would be unrivaled in value and utility. Any
deficiency in the caliber or number of guns they
could carry, would be more than compensated by
their fleetness, and the certainty with which, by
the use of their paddle-wheels, they could evade
the pursuitof the combined fleets of Great Britain
and France. Upon the whole, sir, I feel war-
ranted in asserting that no naval officer of any
experience will deny that these steamships of the
Collins line, or others of similar construction and
capacity, would be a most important accession to
the military marine of this country in any war
in which we may be engaged with a foreign
Power.
But I did not intend, when I rose, to notice the
attacks which have been made upon the policy
of the Government in sustaining the Collins line
of steamers. My friend from Kentucky has
thought proper to make particular allusion to the
Senators from the State of Tennessee; and thinks
that it would be particularly strange and unnat-
ural to find them supporting the project of a sub-
marine telegraph, which could be made so pow-
erful and dangerous an engine of war in the hands
of Great Britain—the greatest and most formidable
foe to our prosperity, safety, and independence.
He seems to think that such a course on the part
of Tennessee Senators would stir the very bones
of the hero which repose at the Hermitage. I
will not undertake to inquire what disturbance to
the bones of the illustrious hero alluded to may
ensue from the course which I propose to adopt
on this subject, but I imagine that it would fail to
disturb the old hero if he were living, much less
his bones, now that he is dead. But however
that might be, I would not be deterred from giving
my support to a measure which I approved. I
have already said all that I proposed to say, to
show the utter groundlessness and absurdity of
the suggestions which have been made in this
debate as to the dangerous power and advantage
with which we would be arming Great Britain by
aiding in the construction of this work. I do not
believe that the Senator feels any apprehensions
on that score himself; nor do I suppose that the
allusion made to the old hero of the Hermitage
was made with any particular view to my course
on this subject; but it came to hand and suggested
itself to him as a happy mode of evincing hia
strong sense of the chimerical and visionary char-
acter of the projected submarine telegraph, and
of the extravagance and recklessness of the ex-
penditure proposed to be lavished upon it by
Congress.
In reply to all that my friend from Kentucky
has said upon this point, I beg to say, in the first
place, that science and art combined havg already
shown, in various enterprises of less extent and
magnitude, that this is not an extravagant or chi-
merical project, but that there exist strong reasons
to suppose that it can be carried into successful
execution. For my own part, although I believe
that there will he no great difficulty in laying down
the wire between the coast of Newfoundland and
the coast of Ireland, I have my doubts whether it
will answer the expectation of its projectors. To
propel the electric fluid through so great an extent
of wire, under water, is an untried experiment;
and though it may be successful in a degree, yet
not so as to make it a successful enterprise. In-
stead of shrinking from the support of this mea-
sure on the suggestions made by my friend from
Kentucky and other Senators, gentlemen on the
other side of the Chamber who regard the pro-
posed expenditure as extravagant and indefensible
upon any ground of public interest or duty, my
only fear is that the project can never be success-
fully carried out so as to become a channel of
ready communication between this continent and
the Old World.
My reflections on this subjecthave not reached
the point—have not led me into perplexity as to
whether or not we ought to appropriate money
for such an undertaking. Upon that point I have
felt no difficulty. My fear is that so grand, so
useful a scheme—one so worthy of the science of
the age, so worthy of the liberal spirit and en-
terprise of this country, will never be successful.
Now, sir, as to the question of economy and
the charge of extravagance made against this
measure, I will say to my friend from Kentucky
that I doubt whether he understood the extent to
which the public treasure would be pledged by
this bill, should it pass, when he made his
