828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
policy—to have the terms upon which we are to
go into contracts for what is termed the facilita-
ting ofcommcrce, understood by the Senate of the
United States and passed upon. This hill is un-
defined uitd crude; it exercises no legislative will
whatever, upon the terms upon which we shall
go to expending $50,000 a year to establish a tele-
graph between two of her Majesty Gtueen Victo-
ria's dependencies. We are not to prescribe the
terms; we are not to know anything about the
terms; we do not know what we are to get; and
therefore the provision of the amendment of the
Senator from Virginia is eminently proper if we
go into it at all.
I have another suggestion to make. Prom the
beginning, taking the bill at the bottom, the first
inquiry which ought to suggest itself is, where
is the power? The Senator from Michigan [Mr.
Stuart] is willing to pledge a great many things;
he pledges his reputation; he pledges his power
of prophecy; he is like these projectors—he will
pledge everything on earth but His own money.
That is just what these people are ready to do.
They will pledge everything on the f.ice of the
earth but their money, and they will not pledge
a dollar of that; and 1 will show in this scheme
that not one dollar is pledged by a single projector
of the scheme. If you are going to give it to any-
body on these forms, give it to yourown people.
Instead of giving pensions to your worthy men,
you had better give them a share in this concern
with the benefits you confer on it.
On the question of power, the Senator from
Michigan said he had no kind of doubt of the
right of the Government to establish telegraphs,
at least all over this country; that the power to
establish post orlices and po^t roads—that is, the
power to transmit the correspondence of this
people, involved the power of transmitting news
m any way. That was my understanding of his
position; and it would seem to be a, fair inference
froui his support of this measure, that, under the
power to establish post offices and post roads in
the United States, the iJovenment of the United
States has unlimited auihnuiy to aid in the trans-
mission of intelligence m all tjiiarleis of j he rat th.
That follow-? nec< s^ai ily, fioh) the position as-
sumed by the Senator fmm Michigan. It is
worse than folly to deduce it. fi om any such power
in the Constitution.
The only other provision in the Constitution,
from whi:h anybody has attempted to draw the
Eower to make this appropriation of money, h;r;
een the power to regulate e,onun< ree. it is true
the power to regulaie commerce among the dif-
ferent States ha.*< been distorted ibi pecuniary and
local interests to mean can ymg commodities—a
distortion so clear, so eoneiusive, that, although
my friend'from Kentucky [Air. ('nrrncviu \v j wax
very much inclined, m the remarks he made the
other day, to consider it as settled, 1 can assure
him it will never be settled until the Constitution
shall be restored to those foundations from which
it has been wrenched only within the last twenty
years. There is not a plainer or more certain ur
restricted word in the Kn^lish language than the
word <£ regulate," If thai can be niistpken, it is
in vain to attempt to convey men's meaning by
human language; it is in vain to tie down, by
written constitutions, those who desire to accom-
plish particular objects. They can make any lan-
guage suit thtfir pui poses, and will do so if that is
to be the rule of construction. To " regulate corn-
men e"does not mean to transmit information to
and fiom all quarters of the earth, and all the
countries ot the world. Here is an annual appro-
priation of money which is greater than is in-
quired to carry on the governments of half the
States of this Union, my own included. The ordi-
nary expenses of my own State are not $70,000
a year. A million of prosperous people m that
State, expoi ting themselves thirty or forty mil-
lions dollars'worth <>f goods, and adding that
much to the trade of the country, carry on their
executive, legislative, and judicial departments
for the amount of money you propose to give to
this telegraph company; and it is to be no more
considered, I suppose, than if it were the tossing
of an additional compensation to the servants of
the House of Representatives or of the Senate.
It is to be permanent. The amount proposed
here is equal to a fund, at the Government rate
of interest in England three and a half per cent.
' of at least $2,000,000. England, giving the same
amount, will make another $2,000,000; so that it
is equal to an investment of $4,000,000—interest
at three and a half per cent, on $4,000,000.
They have given us no information as to what
the cable will cost. They have passed it in the
Senate and m the House; outside persons inter-
ested in it have memorialized Congress; but no
human being, as far as I have heard, has pre-
tended to say why you should pay $70,000, in-
stead of $700,000 or §70. The price ought to
bear some reference to the cost of the undertaking.
What it will cost no one has stated. The best
information I have been able to obtain outside,
(and it was from a gentleman of ability, and much
interested in getting the bill passed here,) is that
the cable will cost $1,000,000. England and the
United States are to lay it down by ships; and
then all the company are to expend for the wire,
it being put down for them, is $1,000,000. On
that $1,000,01)0 they are to get $140,000 a year.
They are to get fourteen per cent, on the invest-
ment for ten years for the experiment. For ten
years they risk nothing and can lose nothing; and
. therefore I suppose they would take an appropri-
! ation on (ho same terms for a telegraph to the
moon. Who would not take it? It is the most
extraordinary, lll-th vised, and unreasonable ap-
propriation for the object, taking it that $1,000,000
will buy a cable and lay it down, that has ever
been presented to Congress.
The argument of the Senator from Michigan
and other gentlemen is, that a great many mag-
nificentand glorious schemes that some over-wise
people at first put their mouths against, have suc-
ceeded. lias he traced the history of the human
race, and how many thousands and tens of thou-
sands of foolish schemes are marked through its
pathway? Some do succeed; but the thousands
and tens of thousands that have perished with
the fools who projected them are riot mentioned.
It is true, now and then, whenever there is an ad-
dition to human knowledge, it is first known by
one or very few and then by more; but it by no
means follow;: (hat because some schemes which
the outside and uninformed woild laugh at suc-
ceed, inc h lias hen due of all great additions
tit human k'uowl.-J-.e,) tiurefore the projector of
every foolish scheme must be supported by the
Government1 That would he the argument. The
science of telegraphing iswull understood. I do
not pretend to say (his scheme wiil fail. 1 no not
pretend to say it will succeed. I care not whether
it will or not; but 1 know one thing, and I appeal
to the Senate and the coumiy that they have not
that confidence in lis success which will make
them put one do'lartnto H. When the expeu-
i)le111 of a telegraph to Hcdiimoro, which has been
alluded to, was mcde, t he inventor had not a dol-
lar, and could no! do U himself.
Mr. IMTvSK Allow me to interrupt the Sena-
tor. The hill do-s not provide for the payment
of a single dollar until the telegraph shall be com-
pleted, end then the payment is to be continued
only so long as the United States use it. if it
should biealc or fnl aflei wards, the payment will
cease by the terms of the bill, if the company
fail to < ounect i\ev, foundland with the Irish coast,
(here will not be a dollar paid. In that event, the
only expense incurred by the bill will be the use
of ships to lay down the cable.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am |irrt"T',i!y nware of it,
and I have not uttered one word against that
then y. i have .staled that the company will not
ha\e to lay out more than one million of dollars
for the wire, and that wire is to be put down for
them by the public ship? of England and the
United Suites; so that their allowance will be four-
teen pel- cent, on the investment. Where is the
risk ?
Mr. COLLAMER. Suppose they lay down
the wire, and the enterprise fails: how will they
get their pay ?
Mr. TOOMBS. They lose the money they put
into it in that ease; but if it docs succeed, as gen- 1
tleinen say it will succeed, they get their fourteen
per cent, instantly. ;
Mr. COLLAMER, I understood the gentle- I
man to say tin y would not invest anything; but
suppose they do invest a million, and the enter-
prise fails: tliey rcceive nothing.
Mr. TOOMBS. They may suppose the wire
can be laid; but on the question of income they
risk nothing. They invest not a single dime m
the profitableness of the enterprise.
Mr. COLLAMER. They risk a million of
dollars according to the Senator's own showing.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes; but they take 110 risk as
to whether it will yield them a dollar or not, be-
cause they get fourteen per cent, on the amount
which I am told it will cost.
Mr. SEWARD. X desire to state to the hon-
orable Senator that I think he misapprehends,
when he states that the whole cost of the wire
will be a million of dollars. The capital of the
company is $1,750,000; and I learn that the
amount which will be saved by the use of Gov-
ernment ships for the purpose of laying down the
wire will be probably $100,000; so that the in-
vestment is $1,050,000 instead of $1,000,000, as
the Senator states.
Mr. TOOMBS. It was the duty of those who
brought this bill here to give us all the facts; but
I have had to seek them elsewhere; and I have
it from the highest authority, a person deeply
interested in this matter, that the cost will be what
I stated. It was the duty of the Senators who
brought the bill here, to let this body know what
the cost was to be. I sought information outside,
and I went to the friends of the measure and to a
gentleman in whose judgment I have confidence,
and who is thoroughly in favor of the scheme,
and his estimate is that the wire will cost a mil-
lion of dollars. The capital may nominally be
(11,650,000, but they may not pay in more than
seventy per cent, of the nominal capital. The
statement of one of the best informed men on the
subject to me is, that the cost will be one million
of dollars; and therefore, I say, if they lay down
the wire and it should turn out to be an absurd
speculation; if it should not yield anything, we
we are to pay fourteen per cent, for ten years,
and then we cannot say llow much longer, because
we know the difficulty of getting at accounts
here. T recollect on one occasion there was a con-
troversy between a committee of Congress and
the Collins line, as to what their profits were; and
they differed between the most overwhelming loss
and the most prodigious profits. Statements were
presented from the books, not one word of which
did I believe, and I voted accordingly, and it
turned out so. We are to pay these people four-
teen per cent, for ten years, and probably forever.
As I remarked on a former occasion, I can see
why England should lie willing to give this pay
if the project succeeds. She is acting with some
wisdom. We seem only to imitate her in her
follies and nonsense. England says : " If you
succeed I will give you $70,000 a year, because
you connect me w^th my vast American posses-
sions. 1 shall have control of both ends of the
line; the termini aie ill my dominions in both
places, and t can use the wire in transmitting any
information I please; and nobody can use it with-
out my consent, in peace or war; I am continually
transmitting oiders to Now Brunswick and Nova
Scotia and Canada." it will approximate closely,
as you carry it out, to communicating with her
West India possessions m a few hours or days,
instead of weeks by steamers. That is the advan-
tage of England It is perfect as to her.
The PRESIDENT pro tan. The Senator will
suspend his remarks. The hour of one o'clock
has arrived, and it is the duty of the Chair to call
for the special order. There is a special order ii
executive session for one o'clock.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Unless by a
vote of the Senate the special order must be called
up. The Sergeant-at-Arms will close the doors.
Mr. RUSK. I move to suspend the special
order for one hour. J think we can get a vote on
this measure in that time.
Mr. BUTLER. I give notice that I am not
going to let this matter pass without a very full
discussion of the subject. 1 would rather see an
appropriation bill faii than pass this measure. I
am not going to yield to it.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the motion of the Senator from Texas.
Mr. RUSK. I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will close the doors.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is it in order to suspend the
special order before it is taken up in executive
session ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itis underthe
control of the Senate.
