1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. STUART. You cannot suspend it in open
session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sergeant-
at-Arms will close the doors.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of j
executive business; and after three hours and a
half spent therein the doors were reopened.
DEFICIENCY BILL.^
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Culi.om, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 635) to sup-
ply deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1857.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bill was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Finance.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 23, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Ilev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
MISSION TO PERSIA.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Sec-
retary of State, requesting an appropriation for a
diplomatic mission to Persia; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed;
. Also bills and adverse reports from tl\e Court
of Claims, of which the former were referred to
the Committee of Claims, and the latter to the
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying papers, ordered to be piinted.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. WOODWORTH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House for leave to introduce a bill
for reference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the House bill (No. (135)
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1857, upon which the previous question
has been ordered; and the pending question is a
motion to reconsider the vote by which the House
disagreed to the following amendment of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union:
Strike out the fbllmvmir :
" To reimburse ttie Cierlt of the House of Representatives
for money expended and responsibilities lticuired under the
resolution ot the House of July 7, 1856, directing liim to
furnish arid deliver to each member and Dele^te of the
House of the present Congress ceitoiu books, $50,000;"
And in lien thereof insert:
For books voted to members of the House of Represent-
atives, by the resolution of said House of 7th July, 1858,
$182,705 85: Provided, That one copy only of Mickey's
Constitution shall be puiehaseil and distributed to each
member of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLISS. I wish to know whether, if this
motion be reconsidered, it will then be in order
to offer an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It will not be in order pend-
ing the previous question.
Mr. BLISS. I have an amendment which I
think will obviate all difficulty and objection; I
will ask to have it read for information.
The SPEAKER. It can be read only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ORR. I object.
Mr. BLISS. I hope the gentleman will not ob-
ject, as opportunity may be given for the amend-
ment, provided we shall reconsider.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I wish to ask the
Speaker a simple question as to the effect of the
pending motion. What will be the next ques-
tion? I believe the committee struck out the prop-
osition of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and inserted an amendment in lieu thereof. If
the amendment is rejected by the House, do we
then take a vote upon the proposition of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, or is that lost with !
the amendment ?
The SPEAKER. If the" House shall lay the
motion to reconsider upon the table, that clause
of the bill as inserted by the Committee of Ways
and Means stands.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. And we take a
vote upon it separately ?
The SPEAKER. It remains as a part of the
original bill, and the question will be upon the
bill as a whole.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my objection to the
reading of the amendment which the gentleman
from Ohio desired to propose.
Mr. Buss's proposed amendment was then
read, as follows:
Provided, That the books thus voted shall be delivered to
such college, or other public library or libraries, as shall be
designated by said members respectively : *>3nd provided
further, That the Clerk c-hail rceeive for said books no
greater sum than the actual cost and expenses of procuring
the same.
The question was then taken on the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; and it
was decidcd in the negative—yeas 82, nays 85;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Allison, Ball, Barksdale,
Hendley S- Bennett, Branch, Clingman, Williamson It. W.
Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cumback,
Day, Dean, Dovvdeil, Edmundson, Elliott, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foster, Thoma  J. D, Taller, Garnetr, Goode. Green-
wood, Harlan, Thomas L Hams, Raven, Thomas 11. Hor-
ton, Houston, George W. Jones, KnU, Kelly, KidwelJ,
Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Maxwell,
Medueoii, Morgan, Mott. Nichols, Norton, 0:r, Parker,
PetUt, Pike, Powell, Pumance, Quitman, Heady, Ritchie,
Rulrin, Savage, Scott, Reward. Shower, SainuH A. Smith,
William Smith, fcjpunu'r, Stambn, Talbott. Tuppan,Taylor,
Thuisston, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndg< , Walker, Warner,
Cadwalader C. Wa-hburne,'E;hlm B. Wa^hburne, Israel
Washburn, Window, Wood worth, Daniel (J. Wnght, and
ZoHitotier—■ *2.
- NAYS — Messrs Akers. Albii.rht, Barbour, Ilcmy Ben-
nett, Ben<on, Bilhn^hurst,Binsham, Bishop, B.is^, Bowie,
Brad^haw, Bremon, Broom, Buihaton, Builinsanie. James
II Campbell, John P. Campbell. Lewis 1). Camnixli, Cor-
lile, Ezra ClaiK, dawson, Cormn-, C'a^m, Cu'fon, Henry
Winter Davis, Jacob C. Davis, Tmiothv Davis DeWitt,
Dk k, Dickson, Dunn. Edie, Edwaiu>. Euiue, Eu-tis, 12v-
im<, ric^lei, Ilt-nry M Puller, Gia^ger, Augustus Hall,
Robert B. Hall, J. Morri-'on IR'riia, Ham-on, Ilerbeit,
Hodges, Ilollovvay, Howard, Kennett, King. Knapp. Knmht,
Leiter, Alexander K. Marshall. Mattoson, MeCarty, Kdhan
Miller, Millward, Morrill, Morrison, Murray, Andrew Oli-
ver, Peck, Perry, Ricaud, Ilobbms, Kobison, riafun, Sage,
Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, S-ieed, Stewart, tftranahan,
Swope,Thormston, Tiafton, Un dei wood, Yalk, Waldron,
Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood, and Woodruff—6f>.
So the House, refused to lay the motion to re-
consider upon the tabic.
Pending* the call of the roll,
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Caskie. ,
Mr. EVANS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bell, was detained from the House by sickness
in his family.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Between the proposi-
tion of the Committee of Ways and Means, giving
the Clerk $50,000, and that of the npntioman from
Ohio, I greatly prefer the one presented by the
amendment, and therefore vote 44 no," but am
opposed to both.
The question recurring upon the motion to -re-
consider the vote by which the House disagreed
to- the amendment of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; aad it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 81; as follows:
YEAS — ?.Tes-r-\ Akers, Albright, Baibour, Henry Ben ,
nett, Benson, Bjlhnghuist,"Bishop", Bliss, Bowie, Bradshaw, I
Broom, Butimton, ihnh.a^atne, James It. Campbell, John
P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, CaiLlc, Chaffee, Ba\aul
Claike, J']/!a Claik. Cia\v<on, Coming Cullen, Damrrll,
Davidson, Jacob C. Davis,Timothy Davis, Denver, De Witt,
Diek, Dickson, Dunn, Edie, Ed\s ai u*. EliiOtt. Emne, Eusus, i
Flagler, Fostci, ilemy M. Fuller, Giar^ei, Augustus Hall, '
Robeit B. Hall, J. Morrison Ha:i^. llariie-on, Herbert,
Hodges, Ilolioway, Thomas R. llorton. Howaid, Hughston,
Kelse>, Kennel!, King, Knapp, Kniihi, Leiter, Lindiev,
Alexander K. Marshall, Matteson, MeCarty, Killian Miller, ;
Millwaid, Morrill, Moirison, Murray, Andrew Oliver, Peck,
Perry, Porter, Prinze, R.caud, Ilobbms, Robi.-on, Sage, i
Sapp, Sherman, Simmons Snecd, Stewart, Stranahan, j
Swope, Tborington, Trafton, Er.deiwood. Valk, Wahlron, ,
Wells.'Whitney, Williams, \Yood. and Woediufi—9-2. i
NAYS—Messis. Aiken, Alien, Allison, Bali, Barksdale,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bingham, Branch, Brenton, Cimg-
man, Williamson R.W. Cobb, Coltax, Cox, Crasm, Ciaige,
Crawford, Cumback, Day, Dean, Dowdeli, Edmundson,
Faulkner, Floieiicc, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Gamett, Goode,
Greenwood, Harlan, Thomas L. Ham*. Haven. Houston,
Geoige W. Jones, Kelly, Kidweli, Knox, Kunkel, Lake,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel 55. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McQueen, Smith Miller. Morgan, Mott,
Nichols, Norton, Orr, Parker, Pcttit, Pike, Powell, Pur-
viance, Quitman, Ready, Ritchie, Rufiin, Sabin, Sandidge,
Savage, Scott, Seward, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, WilUaia
Smith, Spmner, Stanton, Talbott. Tappan, Taylor, Wade,
Walker, Warner, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B.
Washburne,Wmslow,Woodwonh, Daniel B. Wright, John
V. Wright, and ZollicofTer—81.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. SAGE. I desire to state to the committee
that, by the amendment of my colleague in refer-
ence to Hickey's Constitution,adopted Saturday,
the amount is reduced $22,000. The amount
should, therefore, be reduced from $182,765 85
to $160,7G5 85.
Mr. STANTON. If this thing is to be argued
there are two sides to it.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. Is it in order to
ask a question of the Chair?
The SPEAKER. If it is in the nature of a
point of order, it is; but if in the nature of debate,
it is not m order.
Mr. NORTON. I wish to knowof the Speaker
if a division of the question can be had, so as
first to take a vote upon striking out, and then
upon inserting?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask that the sum con-
tained in the amendment may be reduced $22,000,
on account of the less number of Hickey's Con-
stitution which are to be taken under the resolu-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It can only be done by
unanimous consent.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the Speaker
a question. Gentlemen seem desirous to get rid
of this whole proposition, and I wish to know,
if the bill be voted down, and then the vote be
reconsidered, whether it would not come up
without the previous question, and would not a
motion then be in order to strike out this clause
from the original bill?
The SPEAKER. If the House should re-
consider such a vote, the bill would be open for
debate and amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the pending question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McMCJLLIN. I desire to ask a question
of the Chair. If this amendment be adqpted, will
the amount of the books voted to each member
be deducted from his pay ?
The SPEAKER. It is not for the Chair to
answer that question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir; it will
not.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Is the question divis-
ible—the question of striking out and inserting?
The SPEAKER. It is not divisible.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bi.>hop, Bhs.«, Bowie, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Bioom, Buflinton, Burhngamc, John P. Campbell,
Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra
Cidik, Clawson, Comins, Cullen, Damrell, Jacob C. Davis,
Timothy Davis, Denver, De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Edie, Edwards, Eihott, Enirie, Ethendge, Eustis, Evans,
Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Gilbert, Granger, Augustus Hall,
Robert B. Hall, J. Moriis-on Hairis, Harrison, Herbert,
Hodge-?, Hoffman, Holloway, Thomas R. fforton, Howard,
Ilugiiston, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight, Leiter, Lmdley,
Alexander K. Marshall, Mattesou, MeCarty, Kiihan Miller,
Millward,Moore,Momson, Munay, Andrew Oliver, Peck,
Perry. Porter, Pringle, Ricaud, Robbm«, Robison, Sage,
Sherman, Simmons, Sliced, Stewart, Stranahan, Swope,
Thoiington, Thurston, Vail, Valk, Waldi on, Welch, Wells,
Whitney, Williams, Wood, and Woodruff—94.
NAYS—Messn. Aiken, Alien, Alhson, Bali, Barksdale,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bmgham, Boeock, Branch. Cadwal-
ader, James II. Campbell, Caruthers. Clingman,^Williamson
R. \V. Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cum-
back , Day, Dean, DowdeU* Edmund-on, English, Faulkner,
Floience, Thomas J.D. Fuller. Goode, Greenwood. Haiian,
Sampson W. Harin, Thomas L. Hams, llaven, Houston,
George W.Jones, Krlly. ICidwell, Knox, KunkeJ,^Lake,
I.etcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shal!. Maxwell. McMuilin. Mc&ueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
son. Moisjan, Morr'U, Mott, Norton, Orr, Parker, Pettit,
PheJp*, Pike. Powell, Purviance, Puryear, Quitman, Ready,
Tlutfin, Sabin, Sandidtie, Sapp', Savage, Seott, Seward,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William rfmith, William R.
Smith. Spinn>'r, Stanton. Talbott, Taylor, Todd, tnder-
wood, Wade, Walker, Warner, CadwaiaderC. Washburne,
Eihhu B. Washburne, Watkms, Wmsiow, Woodworth,
Daniel B. "Wright, Johii V. Wright, and Zolhcoffcr—91.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON". I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
