830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move the pre-
vious question on the passage. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The bill has not
yet been read the third time. I ask for its read-
ing.
The engrossed bill was read the third time.
The question was taken on seconding the pre-
vious question; and the Speaker announced that
the previous question was seconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for a count
on seconding the previous question.
Pending the count,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said: Has the vote
ordering the bill to be engrossed been reconsid-
ered ?
The SPEAKER. It has not been reconsidered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I move that
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, be reconsidered;
and when that is done I shall move to strike out
that section of the bill.
Mr. SAGE. I move to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion has not been
received. The House is dividing.
The SPEAKER announced that there were, on
a division—ayes 123, noes 24.
So the previous question was vseconded.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The House has seconded
the call for the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Does this not go
back behind that?
The SPEAKER. It may go behind it, but it
must go through. The gentleman from Tennes-
see cannot move to reconsider a preceding vote,
without leeonsideiing the vote which succccds
it.
Mr. .T0NE&, of Tennessee. I made the motion
to reconsider before the Chair announced thai the
House had seconded the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee \x mistaken. The (.'hair had announced
that the riouKe h.id seconded the previous ques-
tion, and then the gentleman from Tennessee
called for a count. After that, and after one .side
of the House was eounied, the gentleman from
Tennesau* moved to reconsider.
The main quotation was ordered.
The yeas and nays palled for by Mr. Houston
on the passage of the bill were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 9:2; as follows:
YEAS — (Ytes.-jw. Akeis, Allui^ht, Homy HemicM, Men-
son, Bishop, Hh-s, Bowie, Biad haw, Bien-
toii, Ojomn, I?uli)nt<Hi, lim hn^.uiH', J.line-* II (\unphcll,
John P. Campbell, Lewi' I). Campbell, Cliaiiee, B:i.\aid
Clarke, Ezra ClaiU, Coming Cullm, D.imiell, Davuli-on,
Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davi-i, Ivmet, l)e Win, OkJv,
Diok^on, t)o>l<l, Kdte, lOdwauF', Elliott, Fmnc, Etherulgo,
EuMi>, Flagler, Foster, Hcmy M. Fuller, Ciiheit,
Granger, Augustus Hull, RoSjcmt i>. Hall, J. Motnsun Hanii,
Herbori,'ilodges, Hotl'iium, UoUovvay, Thouia.s It. Hoi ton,
Howard, Huston, Kellv, kenm-n, Knur, Knapp, Knu'lit,
Leirer, Lindley, Alexander K. MaiNhall, llunipiuey Mar-
shall. Maue.Min, MeCaity, lvilliaii Miller, Millwatd, Moore,
Morrison, Murray, Nichols, Pame, Peek, Pony, Potter,
Prmgle, Hieaud, ilobbins. Robi^on, Salnn, Sage, Sherman,
SinunoDh, Sruiod. Stranahan, Swope, Thonngton, Than*
ton, Vail, Vnlk, VVakemun, Waidum, EHihu C. W.e-h-
hurne, Israel Washburn, Welch, Welh. Wmtuey, Wil-
liams, Wood, and Woodrufl--9rt.
NAV^—Mt'h-is. Aiken, Alien, Alison, Bail, Baik-dale,
Hemtley S Boimett, Bingham, liocoek, ihaueh, Burnett,
Cadwidader, CarUle, Chngman, Wilham-oti 11. W, Cobb,
f'ohav. ('ox, Cringe. Cravviord, Bay, Dean, Doudell,
tiuuoifjil .on, Bodi-li, F.mlknei, Fhueuee, Thoina^.l. I)
Fuller. Goade, Gieenwoud, IJail.m. Thomas l> Il.inw,
liavt ji, Yaierluie B. Iloiion, Uou.-lon, Geoige W.
Kent, JCtdvvWl, Kuo\, Kunkel, l.ake. Letche!, Lumpkin,
AI,i< -. S,... u IS Mai-iuil,.Ma\wijl,Mi-,MuihiuMf Uue.-n,
Smuh Wuk'f. .MilWon, Moi-ian, Mornll, M'Ht, Notion,
Aml.,n O.nc, Oil, I'aektr, P.uker, iNttil, Phelps, Pike,
Pon> 11, Pufw.Hj< e, 'luitn ..n, Uv\ul\, limine, lluiWu. San
duL't''. Sapp. Savage, S.-atu Sow aid, Shoitet, Samuel A.
H'nith, Wi:i;.<m Suiirh, Weliam U. Smith, Spinner. Stan-
ton, M.-w.irr. Talbotf, Tapjian. Taylor. Todd, b'imenvood,
Wad", Walb,idne. Wall vi\ Warn.jr, Cadwalader C. W.isb-
burne, v\atkin-., Wia low, Woodworth.Daniel B. Wriiiht,
and John V. Wi^ht—
So the bill was passed.
Pendtn^ the vote,
Mr. GAliNETT said that if he had been in
the Hull when his name was called, he should
have voted in the negative.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed ail act (S. No. 176) to
establish a separate judicial district south of the
Gila, and to create the office of surveyor general
therein; to provide for the adjudication of certain
land claims; to grant donations to actual settlers;
to survey certain lands, and for other purposes;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
WHITEMARSH B. SEABROOK AND OTHERS.
The question recurred on a bill (H. R. No. 527)
for the relief of Whitemarsh B. Seabrook and
others, on which the previous question had been
seconded; the pending question being, u Shali the
main question be now put?"
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
War to examine and settle, upon the principles
of equity and justice, the claim of Whitemarsh
B. Seabrook, William C. Meg^ett, Benjamin Bai-
ley, W. E. Wood, Edward Mitchell, Joseph J.
Murray, Charles Townsend, John Patterson,
William R. Hart, Joseph Jenkins, Edward Bai-
ley, Henry Seabrook, Cato A. Docket, Benjamin
S. Whalev, Isaac Auld, John Ailcock, James B.
Adams, William Beckett, Edward Beckett,.Tames
Beckett, William G. Baynard, John Baynard,
Ephraim Baynard, Charles Bailey, Henry Bailey,
Francis Bowler, Henry Calder. James Clark,
Sen., Robert Chisholm, Gabriel Crawford, Wil-
liam Clement, James Dignan, Thomas Dunmire,
William Edmgs, George W. Freeman, Barney
Gilbert, William Hannahan, Jun., Henry J.
Jones, Christopher Jenkins, Benjamin W. Jen-
kins, Robert vS. Jenkins, Daniel Lowry, Robert
Mason, Ephraim Mikell, John C. Mikell, Josiah
Mikell, John Mikell,Sen., John Raven Matthews,
Isaac C. Moses, Mungo Maekay, John McDou-
gal, Robert McLeon, John C. Pillans, Robert
Bilians, John Pnttieson, William Seabrook, Ga-
briel Seal)iook,.1 useph A. Seabrook, Andrew Sea-
; brook, Lewis Sn obei, James Swmtuu, Christian
Staley, Daniel Slinndley, Andrew E. Thayer,
JAinioj Townsend, J'hom.ts Thompson, (reorgo
M. Towers, Edwaid Wh:iley, Joseph Whaley,
William Wilkinson, Chi is top her Wilkinson,
Morton Wilkinson, Thomas Wescoat, William
J. Wescoat, Randall Wescoat, Walley Meggett,
Mingoe Crawford,and Joseph Reamer,they being
the officers, musicians, and privates composing
the Edisto Island Company nnhtia, in South Caro-
lina, in the vvnr of ltfl'2, and to allow to those
named, who are living, and the heirs of those de-
ceased, the amount of pay and allowances to which
each of them would have been entitled, according
to tbein espective positions, under the regulations
of the service, at that time, for such length of time
as they shall each of them be proved to have served
in defense «<)f the island during the war; and to
allow them just and reasonable compensation for
the material and labor which shall be proved to
have been expended by them in the erection of
two lot Lifications on that island, for the purposes
of defense in the war. The second section directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay, out of any
moneys m the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the amount adjudicated to be due the parties
by tlie Secretary of War.
The mam question was ordered, which was,
" Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to have read a passage from
the affidavit of Governor Seabrook and others.
Mi. STANTON. 1 object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there a report
among the papers from the Third Auditor's office?
If theie be, I ask that it be read.
! Mr. KEITT. i object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
have the report read,so that the House may vote
understandiutfly.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. { object.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be read without
unanimous consent.
Mr. QUITMAN. I reported the bill, and be-
lieve that I have the privilege of saying a word
on the subject.
The SPEAKER. The privilege of the gentle-
man from Mississippi, who reported the bill,
should have been claimed at the close of the de-
bate, oa ordering the bill to its third reading.
The Chair thinks it is too late now to claim that
privilege.
Mr. Q.UITMAN. I believe that since I have
been a member of this House, no gentleman who
has reported a bill has been prevented from speak-
ing on the subject even after the previous question
was seconded.
The SPEAKER. It was the right of the gen-
tleman from Mississippi, who reported this bill,
to close debate; and that privilege exists after
the previous question has been ordered. But the
previous question was ordered on the engross-
ment and third reading, and the privilege was not
claimed. The question now comes up on the
passage of the bill; and the Chair is of opinion
that it is now too late to claim the right. But
the gentleman from Mississippi may proceed, if
there be no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
Auditor's report be read.
The SPEAKER. It can only be read by gen-
eral consent; and objection has been made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, if we are
to have one side, let us also have the other.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. The repori ia
long, and I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi may proceed, if there be no objection.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. I object to any
speaking after the previous question is seconded.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that it is too late for the gentleman from Missis-
sippi to claim the privilege.
Mr. CtUITMAN. I have not had the privi-
lege hitherto of closing debate on this bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had the
privilege when the question of ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time was pro-
pounded. It is too late now, under the rules, to
claim it.
Mr. QUITMAN. I merely want a few min-
utes to correct some errors that members have
fallen into on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the puvilege cannot be claimed at this time.
Mr. TiJORlNGTON called for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordeied.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 97, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS — Mosr-<. Aiken, Akcr.x, Allen, Ball, Barksdale,
Bishop. Bocoek, iJowjo, Breuton, Bioom, Burhngame, Bur-
nett. Cadualader. Lewi-, I). Campbell, Caiutheis, Chaffee,
Conine, Ciawioid, Cullen, Danuell, Davidson, Henry
Wjnier Davi-, Javob Davis, Timothy Davis:, Denver,
Dowdell, IMie, Edmuudson, Edwmds, Eihott, Etheridge,
Eu.-u--, Faulknei, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, Gar-
nett, (Jonde. (ircomvood, Auiru>iu^ Hall, Robert B. Hall,
Samp, on \V flarn-*. Thomas L. Harris,, Harrison, Ilcibeit.
Ilofhnan, Thomas R. Hoiton. Ilu^leton, Keitt, Kelly, Ken-
iieu, Kulwcll, Kma, Luke, Lutdley. Lumpkin, Mace,
Alexandui IC Mai-diall, Samuel S. xMarb-hall, Matteson,
Maxwell, McQueen, Miilward, Morrison, Nichols, Oir,
Fame. Peck, Poiter, Powell, Quitman, Robbing, Robison,
Rutlin, Sandidne, Savage, Shout!, fvimuel A. Smith, Wil-
li im R Smiih, Hneed. Spnnipr, Sfewait, Stranahan, Tal-
bott, Tiiutsion, Tiaiton, Tjson, Underwood, Vail, Valk,
Walker, Watkins, Whitney, Williams, Wood, John V.
Wti-ht, and Zoihcoffer—97.
NAYri— Me-sr1'. Albright, Allison. Baibour, Henry Ben-
nett, Hendtey S. Bennett, Benson, Bilbnghuist, Bingham,
Bh^-, Braddiaw, Butfinion, Jdin«s II. Campbell, Ezra Clark,
Williamson It. YV\ Cobb, Colfax, Cox, Cragm, Cumhaek,
Day, Dean, Dick, Dickson. l)odd, Durfee, Emrie, Flagler,
Gianger, Harlan, Hodges, Holloway, Valentine B. Horton,
Houston, Ilowaid, George W. Jone^, Kelsey, Knapp,
knight. Knox. Kunkel, Leiter, Letcher, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller, Million, Morgan, Mor-
nil, Mott, Muriav, Norton, Andrew Oliver, I'acker, Parker,
Peiry, Pettit, Pike, Pungle, Purvianee, Ready, Ricaud,
Sabin, Sa<';\ Sapp, ^cott, Sewaid. Sherman, Simmons,
Stanton, Tappan, Todd, Wade. Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Cadwalnd'-i C. Wafi.burne, Ellihu B. Wdth-
burne. Israel Washburn, Woodiuil', and Woodworth—79.
So the bill was passed.
Mr."SMITH, of Tennessee, moved that the
vote by which the bill was passed be reconsid-
ered, and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table; which latter motion
was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I ask the gentleman to
allow me first to make a report from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the reg-
ular order of business.
