1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
831
The question was taken on Mr. Campbell's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Nichols
in the chair.)
executive, judicial, and legislative
appropriation bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the bill
making appropriations for the executive, legisla-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government, for
the year ending 30th June, 1858, be taken up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
motion will not be agreed to, and that we shall
take up the river and harbor bills.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the motion
will be agreed to, if the House does not intend to
lose the appropriation bills.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill taken up.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to dispense
with the first reading of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the read-
ing of the bill.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I appeal to my friend from
Tennessee not to insist on the entire reading of
the bill. The bill is printed, and every gentleman
can have one before him. It will save time.
No objection being made, the reading was dis-
pensed with.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
committee rise for the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Nichols reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had, according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill, and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the usual
resolution closing debate on the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial appropriation bill in five
minutes after its consideration should again be
resumed in committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
_The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Nichols
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the legislative, executive, and judicial appropria-
tion bill.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, in looking
over the published report of the remarks made
by me on Friday last, I find they contain expres-
sions which I was not conscious of having used,
and which it seems to me require some explana-
tion. I do not question the accuracy of the re-
port. I am aware that I was somewhat excited,
and may have used stronger language than I was
aware of. I desire to make a brief recital of the
history of the action of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and of the House, on that portion of
the bill to reduce the duties on imports which,
in my judgment, called for the remarks which I
submitted to the House on that occasion.
On the 11th of August, 1856, the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means submitted
an elaborate report, accompanied by a bill to re-
duce the duties on imports. An extra number of
copies was ordered to be printed, which was done,
and the portion to which I was entitled distrib-
uted among my constituents. Supposing this bill
contained the settled and matured judgment of
the majority of the committee as to what the exi-
gencies of the times required, and that it was the
proposition on which the House would be re-
quired to act, I endeavored to investigate the sub-
ject with the view of forming an opinion as to
what was to be its probable effect upon the interest
of my immediate constituents.
"The bill consisted simply of an addition to the
list of articles to be imported free of duty. That
list contained the following provision:
" Wool, or hair of the alpaca, the goat, and other like
animals, of the value at the port of importation of fifteen
cents per pound or less, and of the value of fifty cents per
Pound or over."
I ascertained from the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury on commerce and navigation for
the year ending June 30, 18S6, that the wool im-
ported during the year was 14,737,393 pounds,
at an average cbst of eleven and one third cents
per pound. That of the whole amount 243,982
pounds cost more than fifteen cents per pound,
and 14,493,411 pounds had cost fifteen cents per
pound and under. That 187,480 pounds cost
more than ten cents, and not exceeding fifteen
cents per pound, and that 14,305,930 pounds cost
ten cents per pound and under.
I also ascertained from the same report that
more than one half of the wool imported came
from South America. I made inquiries of man-
ufacturers and importers who were urging the
passage of the bill of the majority of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means,and was informed by
them that from fifty to eighty per cent, in weight
of the South American wool imported to this
country was dirt and burs; that unwashed me-
rino wool from South America was from seventy
to eighty per cent, dirt, and cost from ten to fif-
teen cents per pound in that condition. This
would make it, when cleanpd, from forty to sixty
cents per pound, and equal to the best wool pro-
duced in this country. If fine wool, worth forty
cents per pound in the dirt, was sought to be im-
ported, it had only to be cleansed so as to reduce
it ten per cent, in weight to make it worth more
than fifty cents.
I became thoroughly convinced, therefore, that
this discrimination was a mere delusion, and that
the bill was equivalent to a total repeal of the duty
on wool. This proposition I thought I was
prepared to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the
House. But on the 27th of January the commit-
tee formally announced to the House that they
had abandoned their original bill, and reported a
substitute based upon entirely different principles.
This bill remodeled the existing duties, and made
six schedules—one of fifty per cent., one of thirty,
one of twenty-five,'one of twenty, one of ten per
cent., and a free list. In this bill wool was inserted
in the ten per cent, schedule in these words:
" Wool, unmanufactured." 1 took itforgranted,
therefore, that the committee had become con-
vinced of the impracticability of any attempt at
discrimination, and that it was finally abandoned.
Ill this condition of things, on the 5th of Febru-
ary, I made the speech which my colleague, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
has found it much easier to sneer at than to
answer.
On Thursday, the 12th of February, the chair-
manof the Committee of Ways and Means offered
a resolution, which was adopted, closing debate
on the tariff on Monday the 16th, at four o'clock,
p. m. Friday and Saturday, the 13th and 14th,
were dpvoted to the consideration of private bills.
At the close of a long session on Saturday after-
noon, Mr. Campbell, from the Ways and Means
Committee, reported another substitute in lieu of
the one he had previously proposed, and upon
which all the discussion in Committee of the
Whole had been had. In the bill of January 27,
hemp of all kinds, lead, molasses, salt, sugar of all
kinds, were placed with wool in the ten per cent,
schedule. In the original bill of the committee,
hemp, manilla, sisal-grass, salt, and lead, are in
the free list with wool. In the second substitute,
tke committee again returned to a simple free list,
but they leave sugar, hemp, manillia, sisal-grass,
lead, salt, &c., out of it, and of course chargeable
with the duty imposed by the present law, which
is from twenty to thirty per cent. Wool is again
ntroduced into the free list in the following terms:
<■ Sheep's wool, unman ufactuied, of the value at the port
of importation of fifteen cents per pound or less, and of the
value of fiftj cents per pound or over, and hair of the al-
paca, the goat, and other like animals, unmanufactured:
Provided, That any wool, or hair of the alpaca, the goat,
and other like animal, which shall be imported m any
other than the ordinary condition, as now and heretofore
practiced, or which shall be changed m its character for the
purpose of evading the duty, or which shall be cleansed or
purified, or assorted, so as to raise its value at the port of
importation to fifty cents per pound or over, or which shall
be reduced m value by the admixture of dirt, or any foreign
substance, to fifteen cents per pound or Jess, shall be sub-
ject to pay a duty of thirty per centum, anything m this act
to the contrary notwithstanding."
There was also pending a bill reported by Mr.
Letcher, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, and a substitute for that, proposed by
Mr. Millson, of Virginia. Both of the^e pro-
posed pro rata reductions upon the duties imposed
by the present law. Mr. Millson's put wool at
twenty per cent., and Mr. Letcher's at eight per
cent. In this state of things the debate closed,
and the Committee of the Whole entered upon
the discussion of amendments, under the rule
limiting debate to five minutes for and five minutes
against each amendment.
The text upon which was amendments were to
be predicated was the original bill of the Com-
mittee ofWays and Means. The following state-
ment of the chairman of the Committee of the
Whole [Mr. H. Marshall] will show the pre-
cise state of the question when the debate was
closed, and the time for offering amendments
arrived:
"The Chairman. The Chair will state the understand-
ing of the Chair as to the mode in which this bill must
progress. There is the original bill; to the original bill is
offered the amendment of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina ; and to that amendment is offered the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio. The proposition of the gentle-
man from South Carolina is to strike out all after the en-
acting words in the original bill, and insert his amendment;
and the proposition of the gentleman from Ohio is to stiike
out all after the enacting words of the amendment, and
insert his substitute, being in the nature of an amendment
to an amendment. The proposition of the gentleman from
Ohio is not one subject to amendment; hut the committee
can go back and amend the original bill.
"Mr. Stanton. One question more. I wish to know
if it will be in order, after adopting the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, then to amend it.? Can the commit-
tee amend anything that has been voted in ?
" The Chairman. The Chair understands not.
"Mr. Stanton. Then, as I understand it, the last amend-
ment of the Committee ofWays and Means is not subject
to amendment at any time or in any form in detail.
"The Chairman. That is the understanding of the
Chair."
The first question being upon substituting the
last proposition of the Ways and Means Com-
mittee for the proposition of Mr. Boyce, it was
held in order to perfect Mr. Boyce's proposition
before taking the vote upon striking it out, and
inserting the bill of the Committee ofWays and
Means. Mr. Boyce's proposition was as follows:
"That from and after the 1st day of January, L857,all
goods, wares, merchandise, and other products, subject
under the existing tariff to pay duties of over twenty per
cent., be admitted into the United States upon paying a
duty of twenty per cent., and that coffee and tea be subject
to the same rate of twenty per cent, duty."
Mr. Millson thereupon moved to amend the
original bill by striking out, and inserting the
following:
" That from and after the 1st day of July next, in lieu of
the duties heretofore imposed by law, on the articles men-
tioned in the different schedules of the act approved July
30, 1846, there shall be levied, collected, and paid, on the
goods, wares, and merchandise, therein enumerated and
provided for, imported from foreign countries, tile following
rates of duty—that is to say: On goods, wares, and mer-
chandise mentioned in schedule A, a duty of fifty per cent-
um ad valorem. On goods, wares, and merchandise, men-
tioned in schedule B, a duty of Iwenty-Jice per centum ad
valorem. On goods, wares, and merchandise, mentioned
in schedules C and D, a duty of twenty per centum ad va-
lorem. On goods, wares, and merchandise, mentioned iu
schedule E, a duty of fifteen per centum ad valorem. On
goods, wares, and meichandise, mentioned in schedules f
and G, a duty of ten per centum ad valorem.
" Sec. 2. Jiud be it further enacted, That from and after
the first day of July next, the goods, wares, and merchan-
dise, mentioned in schedules H and I, shall be exempt from
duty.
" Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after
the first day ot July next, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on all goods, wares, and merchandise, imported
from foreign countries, and not specially provided for in this
act, a duty of ten per centum ad valorem.
" Sec. 4. he it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts repugnant to the provisions of this aet be, and
the same are hereby, repealed."
After some further amendments had been of-
fered, discussed, and voted down, Mr. Letcher
moved to amend Mr. Millson's amendment by
striking out and inserting the bill of the minority
of the Committee of Ways and Means. The
motion was lost on a count by tellers—ayes 63,
nays 73.
Mr. Fuller, of Pennsylvania, thereupon moved
to amend Mr. Millson's amendment by striking
out and inserting the last bill of the Committee
of Ways and Means, except the following line:
" Iron scrap, when old and fit only to be reman-
ufactured.' This amendment was adopted upon
a count by tellers, of—ayes 87, nays 49.
It was now held that no further amendment
could be made to this proposition by striking out
and inserting, or by adding anything inconsistent
| j with it. Many members said that they did not
i! understand the effect of the amendment, but no
motion to reconsider is in order in Committee
'! of the Whole. It wa* in order to amend by add-
