THE ('ONOIiKSSKIWI, GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS7PUBIJSHED'BY~JOHN C.RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. cf
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1857.
New Series No. 53.
Globe and Appendix for each member and Delegate of the
first session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress, $16,657 92: Pro-
vided, &c.
I propose that amendment for this reason: Out
- of the number of copies of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix allowed to each member, a
large proportion is sent directly from the Globe
office to different individuals and newspapers by
direction of members. In my own case, I know
that a large number of mine go directly from the
Globe office to the different newspapers in my
district; and these copies are not bound at all.
I suppose that out of the five thousand odd copies
furnished by the publisher of the Globe, not more
than one half are actually bound by the publisher
of the Globe. This amendment provides that
the publisher shall be paid at the rate contempla-
ted in the bill for each copy actually bound, and
no more. It gives him all the compensation which
the bill gives, provided the binding be actually
done. I am opposed to paying for work not
done. This amendment provides that it shall not
be paid for. It is for that purpose I introduce it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to
the gentleman from Illinois, and to the House,
that the publisher of the Globe does not bind the
Globe for the members of the House at all. That
work is let out under a different contract to a
different person. I know not to whom. But it
would be better, in my opinion, if the House would
order or provide that the twenty-four copies which
are to be furnished to each member and Delegate
of the House should be bound by the publisher,
at a price not exceeding what is here provided,
and that he be paid for those only which are act-
ually bound and delivered. But the publisherdoes
not now bind them as you, Mr. Chairman, know.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Illinois this question: I understood
him to say, that the binding of copies of this
work is paid for, while the binding has not been
done. 1 wish to know of the gentleman, which
committee of the House it is that passes on these
accounts? Is it the Committee on Printing, or is
it the Committee on Accounts ? I want the country
to know on whom a responsibility of this sort
rests.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. So far as I am abf$P
- to answer the interrogatory of the gentleman from
Alabama I will do so. The appropriation for the
binding of these books is reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and from an esti-
mate which I have made I find that the cost of
binding each copy is $2 88. I know that a large
portion of these Globes are not bound at all; and
I have been informed in a manner which is satis-
factory to me, that this appropriation has been
passed in a lump for the whole number, and that
it is actually paid at such rates. It is to prevent
that that I move this amendment.
Mr./ONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
know how that would apply. At the short ses-
sion there may be only two volumes, and then
the proposed price would be $1 44 per volume.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. This is not for the
short session.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. This provision is
not to exceed $2 88 for each copy actually bound.
Now, sir*, the price depends on the number of vol-
umes of the Congressional Globe and Appendix
that are bound. Last long session there were
three volumes bound of the Globe and one of the
Appendix, at seventy-five cents per volume, mak-
ing three dollars a copy. For two parts of the
Globe and one of the Appendix the price of bind-
ing is $2 25.
^Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to state to
the gentleman that this provision for the binding
or the Congressional Globe is for last session.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir. -
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The cost of them I
have fixed 
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would say to the
gentleman that the binding for the last session
lias been paid fpr, and for the present session I
suppose it is provided for in the appropriations
for the current year.'
53
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. That matters not
at all, so far as the question is concerned. The
appropriation is made at a certain rate; and
whether for the last or for the present session, it
does not matter. It only provides that no more
shall be paid for than are actually bound.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. That is right, sir;
but this proviso if adopted may cause the pay-
ment of too much. We may have only two
copies of the Globe and one of the Appendix at
next session, and that would make the price of
binding nearly one dollar per volume.
Mr. Nichols here took the floor, Mr. Eocock
meantime acting as Chairman pro tempore.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
inquire of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nichols]
how he got out of the chair, and takes the floor
while I was on it?
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Ohio has not taken the floor. The time
of the gentleman from Tennessee was within a
moment of expiring at the time the present occu-
pant of the chair took it. The gentleman from
Tennessee stood silent for about one moment,
and about that point the hammer came down, as
it always will when the time allowed for debate
expires, whether the member be speaking or
silent.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I supposed that
the gentleman from Ohio left the chair because
a message was going to be delivered. I did not
suppose that his object was to address the com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN pro tempore. The gentle-
man was within one minute of the expiration of
his time. He may have that minute.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am informed
that the publisher of tfie Globe binds those copies
that are furnished to the Senate; and my opinion
is, that if he had the binding of the Globe for the
House, those which belong to members would
be delivered long before they usually are. I
would have them bound by the publisher, and
he would get them ready for delivery at a proper
time.
Mr. NICHOLS. If an amendment to the
amendment is in order, I will move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois by
striking out five cents per copy. I merely desire
to say, m reference to this whole subject, that I
have no interest whatever in the disposition of it,
to be made hereafter; but I wish to make this
explanation in connection with it, in response to
some of the observations of the gentleman from
Tennessee. The matter of the supervision of
these accounts for binding belongs to the Com-
mittee on Accounts, of which I am a member.
The Committee on Printing has nothing what-
ever to do with it. The item reported in the bill
is for binding the Globe and Appendix for this '
session of Congress.
But it occurs to me that there is something im-
practicable in the suggestions of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Harris.] For the long ses-
sion of Congress there are usually three volumes
of the Globe, and one of the Appendix; while in
the short session there is but one volume of the
Globe and a very small volume of the Appendix.
But so far as the action of the Committee on
Accounts is concerned, 1 wish to say that they
have never allowed one bill for binding unless the
certificate of the proper officer was produced that
the work had been done. When members have
had a portion of their copies of the Congressional
Globe sent directly from the Glo.bo office to their
constituents, no charge has been made fur bind-
ing.
The sum contemplated in this amendment is
simply the gross amount necessary to cover the
entire expense without going into particulars.
And sir, inasmuch as remarks have been made
"going to reflect upon the Clerk of the House, I .
wish to say that the Committee on Accounts have |
the entire supervision of the settlement of these I
accounts, and they have been fair and reg-ukr. j
Everything has been just and equitable. I with- i
draw my amendment if there be no objection.
Mr. HARRIS, of* Illinois. I object to the gen-
tleman s withdrawing his amendment. I have a
'e wor«.to say in reference to this matter. I
find that this item of appropriation is made out,
even to cents, for binding those books. I find
that the sum I have fixed, multiplied by the whole
number of copies, gives the exact amount named
in the appropriation. Now, if it be true that wa
pay for no more binding than is actually done,
then the proviso I have proposed will be of no
Soqo' Tlle aPProPriation is made at the rate of
|2 88 per copy for the whole twenty-four copies
for each member and Delegate. I understand that
f2 88 is sufficient to cover the expenses of bind-
ing. _ I think, therefore, that there should be a
proviso that only the work actually done shall
be paid for.
Mr. NICHOLS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment. *
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, offered the following
amendment: -
Provided, That no payment shall be made for bindin"
any greater number of said books than are actually bounds
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Harris] to accept this in
lieu of his amendment:
Provided, That the same shall be bound by the publisher
of the Globe, and no greater price shall be paid for the same
than cents for cach volume or part actually bound and
delivered.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I will accept that
in lieu of my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will rule the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee out
of order, from the fact that the letting of the con-
tracts for binding the Globe are regulated bylaw.
This amendment therefore proposes to change
the existing law, and is out of order.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Then I adhere to
my original amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. With tijg permis-
sion of the gentleman from Virginia, T wish to
state 
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If I permit the gen-
tleman to say what he wishes, I fear I shall not
have time to say anything myself. Now, sir,
the first fact to which I propose to call the atten-
tion of the committee is, that this appropriation
is for the year ending June 30, 1858. It is not
for the short session, butfor the longsession fol-
lowing. But my amendment has ncjgbference to
that, it is merely to restrict the payment for this
binding to the work actually done.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I understood the
chairman of the Committee of the Whole, [Mr.
Nichols,] when he was on the floor, to say that
this appropriation was to pay for binding the
Globe for this short session. Now, sir, 1 find in
another part of the bill an appropriation for bind-
ing these Congressional Globes for this session;
so that this appropriation, unless it be construed
to apply to the ten days' short session last fall,
which, according to a strict construction, might
be allowed, but which, I undeistand, is notasked
for, is, in fact, for the first session—the long ses-
sion of the Thirty-Fifth Congress. I was not
aware that there was any law providing where
these books should be bound. I supposed that it
was competent lor us to provide that the binding
should be done by the publisher, and to limit the
price as the amendment 1 ofi'ered provided. The
Superintendent of the Public Printing: informs me
that the ninety-three copies furnished to each
Senator are bound by the publisher, and delivered
to the Senators bound; and I supposed it would
be competent to give the same direction in respect
to those furnished for the House. I know that
some are sent off by members of this House as
they are being published. I have done so myself.
There is no binding of those thus sent off. If
my amendment be adopted, the price for binding
will be seventy cents per copy, and no more copies
will be paid for at that price than are actually
bound. -
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. I hope that, by
unanimous.consent, the committee will accept the
gentleman's amendment.
