886
T]iE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 23,
to be paid his per diem allowance at the rate of
$1 50 per day, it seems that he is to have no con-
sideration here.
The CHAIRMAN. So far as the reading of
the paper has progressed, the Chair thinks this
is a private claim.
Mr. FLORENCE. Private claim! Why, it is
asking compensation for services rendered to the
Government—a claim which the Department it-
self ailpwed as being under existing laws.
The reading of the letter was resumed and fin-
ished.
The CHAIRMAN. The statement of the ease
made by the paper is, that this is a claim for
extra compensation, -which is not authorized by
law.
Mr. FLOR.ENCE. It is not for extra com-
pensation. I take an appeal from the ruling of
the Chair.
The question being on the appeal,
Mr. FLORENCE withdrew it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Tho Committee
of Ways and Means recommend the following
amendment:
On i2rf, line sit hundred and sixty-nine, alter the
woid u seventy'" m-ert the woid '• liveso as to make the
cUu e read :
For waj^os of workmen and adjuster, $175,200.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to ask
what is the increase for?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. At the time tins
bill was reported tho full estimates had not been
received. This is to bring up the appropriation
to the amount needed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That is satisfactory.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend the following
amendment:
Page 28, line sis hundred and seventy-one, after the word
"funds,*' strike out '• $73,300," anduiVert " 94,715 ;"i>o as
to make tho elause ie:ul:
Kor incidental and contingent <*\|viwn, meluding want-
age, in addition, to oihei available funds,
Mr. WA^HUURNE, of Illinois. 1 hope the
gentleman will ^ive some explanation of this.
Mr. C;\MPBELL, of Ohio. It is the same
explanation that 1 have just  iven.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LANE. I wish to move an amendment
to which 1 hope there will be no objection, pro-
viding for extending tin- time for settling the
claims arising out of the Cayuse war. I wiil say
in explanation, that there is an unexpended bal-
ance of the approprintion for defraying the ex-
penses of th o Cayuse war. The law making the
appropriation provided thai the claims should all
be presented during the present fiscal year. Now,
sir,there is some $1,800 of lluitappropnation left
unexpended,and 1 propose that the time for pre-
senting these claims shall be extended for one
year longer. Mr. Whittlesey diew up a bill,
which was presented to the Committee on T< in-
terims, and passed by that committee. Tho
amendment I propose makes no appropriation,
but simply extends the time. I hope the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means will
not object to it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I presume there
will be no objection to the gentleman's amend-
ment, but I would propose that we go on with the
bill, and when* the gentleman has put his amend-
ment m shape, let him offer it.
No objection being made, the proposition was
acceded to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of ays and Means, offered the following
amendment;
lender the head of u Utah," page 31, line seven hundred
and tinny eight, insert aa follows:
For contingent expenses of said Terntoty, j 1,327 30, to
discharge such turn* us the accounting officers may dewn
to have been neee^ui Uy expended by the Executive of said
.Territory duiing the years 1&05, 1858, and 1857.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of the same clause
in the bill:
Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be paid
until all the provisions of the act of Congress organizing
the Territory of Utah shall be cojnphcd with, nor until all
laws of the Territorial Assembly of Utah violative of the
Constitution of the United States shaii be repealed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I must raise the
question of order that that amendment is not
proper in an appropriation bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, then, to strike out
the following elause in the bill:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, $20,000.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I raise the ques-
tion of order that we have passed that point in
the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. That clause in the bill
has been passed, and an amendment has been
adopted at the end of it.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, moved to insert in line
seven hundred and fifty-five the word " three,"
so |hat the clause shall read:
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officer-!, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, ,^3.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr SMITH, of Virginia. I offer the following
amendment, to come in after the one just offered
by the gentleman from Ohio:
Foi the purchase of book., for the teiritorial libiariesof
Minnesota. Oregon, New Mexico, Utah, Washington, Kan-
sas, and Nebraska, the t-um ot ,«r.jO() tor each of t aid Tem-
tnne-; be, and i-t heieby, appropi lafed out of any money in
the Treaty : Provided, That tho appropuation aim e-rud
shall be exclusively confined to the purchase ot such stand-
ard le-ral work-4 as may bo needed for the hbraii<>n of each
of the f-aul Teintones, le^peetivelv: And prouded further^
Thai the appropinition iU'oso-aid shall be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of the Interior, who i-diull
oaiw a li-t of all the boo'is purchased undertint act, and
the puces paid theieior, to be lepoited to Congress at the
Inst session after the same shall have been completed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I make the ques-
tion of order, that the amendment is notin order.
In the first place, there is no existing law author-
izing the appropriation; and in the next, it is a
proposition to append to this lull a bill now pend-
ing before this House us ft separate measuie.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
fiom Ohio is poiicctly aware that appropriations
have heel! made heretofore for Lhiaiies for cadi
of these Terntones. My amendment is for a
continuation of that policy. It cannot, in any
repaid, be esteemed independent legislation, but
only curries out a policy already adopted. I say
frankly to the gentleman, that the amendment is
moved to gratify the Territories, who will prob-
ably have no other chance of geiung a hill through
which has received the appro \ al of the Committee
on Terniones. it is fo carry out previous legis-
lation of the country in reference to those Terri-
tories. It merely appropi iates to each of the
Territories the sum of $,500 for libraries.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is inclined to
hold that the amendment is not in order. If the
amendment was for a specific appropriation for
libraries to these Territories hitherto ordered by
Congress, the Chair would entertain the amend-
ment. It contains provisions legislative in their
character, and is, therefore, not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virgi nia. Then 1 move that
there be appropriated §500 to each of the Territo-
ries for library purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. ThoChair is of the. opin-
ion that the only amendment in order at this place
would lie one for this particular Territory.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is an extremely
unpleasant duty wluch devolves upon me to make
objections of this kind, but 1 fee! myself com-
pelled to do it; otherwise we should have a great
deal of the independent legislation of the country
attached, in violation of the rules of the House,
to the general appropriation bills. 1 am not op-
posed to the gentleman's proposition when it
comes up in order, but on the contrary am in-
clined to do everything that is within my power
to assist these infant Territories. But the gen-
tleman will readily see, as other gentlemen must,
that the moment I deviate from the rules I open
the door to all kinds of amendments.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. TAPPAN. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing, under the head of 44 Kansas:"
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, $20,000.
Mr. Chairman, this provision appropriates
$20,000 to pay the members and officers of the
so-called territorial Legislature of the Territory
of Kansas. It applies, as I understand it, to tho
men who passed those infamous acts, which,
through all coming ages, will be regarded as a dis-
grace to the country, and a blot upon the civili-
zation of the nineteenth century. It is to remu-
nerate the services of men who held their seats
bv virtue of an armed invasion from without the
Territory, and in violation of the dearest rights
of American freemen ! Sir, I regard all the acta
and doings of that sham Legislature as a usurp-
ation; and this House, by its action during the
last and present sessions of Congress,'has repeat-
edly so declared it, especially by the act recently
passed, wiping out and annulling the entire bogua
code. The retaining this provision would be an
indorsement and approval of that usurpation by
this House. I trust, therefore, that my amend-
ment will be agreed to, and the appropriation
stricken from the bill.
Mr. WHITFIELD, Mr. Chairman, certainly
the gentleman from New Hampshire has not read
the papers of his party published in the North.
It is generally conceded by them that Kansas
must be a free State. This appiopriation is not
to pay for the expenses of the present, but of the
next Legislative Assembly of that Territory. If
the gentleman is of the impression that we are
going to defeat him at the next election, then ha
may be right. He would not offer his proposi-
tion, I am sure, if he believed, as his friends in
tho North do, that the next Legislative Assembly
will contain a free-State majority. As I have
already said, this is not an appropriation to pay
for th* expenses of the present Legislative As-
sembly. Two years ago we were strong enough
to get an appropriation to pay for the expenses
of what you call "the so-called Legislature of
Kansas."
Mr. SHERMAN. How was the last Legis-
lature paid?
Mr. WHITFIELD. There was an appropri-
ation made by the organic act of $20,000, and
two years ago there was another appropriation
of $20,000. Our Legislature being economical,
their was enough left to pay fur the expenses of
tho session just closed. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I move to
amend by reducing the appropriation fo $19,000.
Mr. Chairman, this House, at the last session,
on several occasions, declared that there was no
Legislature in Kansas. It sent a commission to
that Territory to ascertain the facts in this regard,
and the results of the investigation by that com-
mittee were reported here and ordered to be
printed; and in the opinion of a majority of this
House it was established cleaily and conclusively
that that Legislature was a usurpation; that thero
was no Legislature there; and that what was called
a Legislature was a body of men chosen by out-
siders and usurpeis. And the House at the last
session, by a considerable majority, struck out
from an appropriation bill a clause similar to the
present one. Since then nothing has occurred
requiring different action. If there is no appro-
priation necessary for the present so-called Legis-
lature, as the Delegate from Kansas contends,
then there is no occasion to pass this clause. It-
is not and cannot be intended to cover a future
Legislature, because no new and valid Legislature
can be chosen until a new act of Congress shall
be passed authorizing a new election. If this ap-
propriation be made, it goes to pay for the body
of individuals who allege they have been electcd
members of the Kansas Legislature, or such as-
may be chosen under laws made by them; and'
if we vote for it we in effect vote against what we
have declared heretofore, viz.: that this Legisla-
ture was not legally electcd. .1 hope we shall-
strike out this clause, and do as we did last year.
Mr. LETCHER. Mr, Chairman, the gentleman
from Maine tells us that this House has repeat-
edly declared that the Legislature of Kausas was
a usurpation, and its laws of the character which
might have been expected from a body composed
of usurpers. Now this House has declared an-
other thing. It declared at the last session of
Congress that the gentleman from Kansas [Mr.
Whitfield] was not entitled to a seat upon this
floor, because he was not elected in pursuance of
law. The very same Congress at this session
has declared that he was elected in pursuance of
law, and that he is here rightfully in hiaseat.
