1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mn
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would ask
the gentleman from Virginia whether they have
not so declared in a new election ?
Mr. LETCHER. Did they not elect there
members of the Legislature too? [Cries of "No!"]
•Well, sir, if the new ejection makes any differ-
ence, will the gentleman from Maine be good
enough to explain to this House why, when that
new election occurred, he sought then to turn the
gentleman out?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Under the new
election I claim that the gentleman from Kansas
should be turned out, for the reason, in the first
place, that there was not any pretense of a law
.under which he was chosen at the last election;
and the gentleman from Virginia cannot logically
•have voted to retain him under the former elec-
tion, and retain him under the last, because the
gentleman from Virginia 
Mr. LETCHER. I cannot give the gentleman
.from Maine all my time; but as he is a stickler
-for law, will he tell me under what law he voted
to admit Andrew H. Reeder? Where did he get
.authority for that? Yet the gentleman gets up,
and says he is a great stickler for law, and 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I now move to
amend by adding $38,000 instead of §19,000. A
.word in reply to the gentleman from Virginia.
He asks me to state why it was that the Com-
mittee of Elections reported that the gentleman
from Kansas was not, in their judgments, entitled
to a seat upon this floor.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I rise to a point of
order.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I hope the gen-
tleman will not object to this debate.
Mr. GREENWOOD. The gentleman from
Maine and my friend from Virginia have had a
crack at each other, and I was willing that that
should go on; but I am compelled to jnake the
point of order that, under the rules, thegwitleman
must confine his remarks to the question before
the coftimittee.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Well, I will
confine myself to the amend ment, though I would
■ have been glad if the gentleman from Arkansas
had permitted me to answer the gentleman from
Virginia, and I think I could have satisfied him
■ and every other gentleman upon that side of the
■ House, that the gentleman from Virginia acted
■inconsistently and illogically upon the vote which
he gave the other day, ["Order!" "Order!"]
and that no man upon either side of the House
could properly vote for him. Well, I will -bring
: myself to the point. Less than a week ago this
House voted that the acts of legislation of the so-
called Legislature of Kansas were null and void—
■ of no force whatever—for the reason asserted in
the preamble of thatlaw, which were to the effect
. that the Legislature was an usurpation, as well
- as for the reason that the legislation was of such
character that ought not to stand on the statute-
-books of any State or Territory of this Union.
The House having made this declaration a*few
days ago, and by its deliberate judgment pro-
: nounced that there is no Legislature in Kansas,
it follows that it has no right to appropriate money
for the expenses of a body which has and can
have no legal existence.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am opposed to
. theamendmentofthe gentleman from Maine. He
has doubled Tipon his track. He first offers one
.amendment, and makes a speech upon it; and
then ho withdraws, it and offers another amend-
ment. And now I want to say a word in reply
. to what he has said. He informs this House that
i at the last session it sent a committee to Kansas,
that it made a report upon which the House acted,
■ that the House decided that the sitting member
Was not entitled to a seat, and that the laws of
Kansas were bogus laws, and unworthy of any
State or Territory in the Union.
Whatever the House may have decided last
session the country very well understands. It
understands why the committee was gotten up,
why it was packed upon the House and upon the
■ country, why it was sent to Kansas to make such
a report as it did make, and the purpose for which
it was done. The country at the last presidential
election passed its judgment upon the action of
• that committee,-ana repudiated it entirely.
Let me say that the composition and character
of this House last session is no indication of its
character now. The decision which the House
made last session has been reversed by the House
this, and the Delegate from Kansas stands upon
this floor now as much entitled to a seat as any
member in thig.Hall; and yet, when any appro-
priation is proposed here in reference to Kansas,
gentlemen get up and propose their amendments,
not in reference to the past of Kansas, but to stifle
the future action of the people of that Territory.
This appropriation does not provide for the ex-
penses of the past, but for the expenses of the
Legislature which may hereafter assemble. Gen-
tlemen are not content that the people shall re-
ceive their maledictions for what they have already
done, but that, in the future, these very laws, of
which they complain, shall never be modified by
any existing Legislature whatever.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to say that such is not my posi-
tion at all? [Cries of " Order !" " Order!"]
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I am willing to
hear what the gentleman has to say, and would
rather hear it than that it should be lost by the
clamor of the House, for I am ready to meet any
statement, and reply to it. I believe that this
whole proceeding is designed to keep alive the
flickering flame which is about to expire, and
that those members who have been fighting these
battles here, and are about to retire from this
Hall, may make some temporary capital from
which to reap a reward in the future.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I call the gentleman to
order. He is not confining his remarks to the J
amendment. j
[Cries of " Go on !" " Go on !"] j
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I have character-
ized these proceedings, m a brief manner, as 1
think they deserve; and I say, in any view of the
future of the Territory of Kansas, there is no \
reason why this provision of tile Committee of ;
Ways and Means should not stand as it is, and !
become a law. |
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I withdraw |
my amendment, and call for tellers upon the j
amendment of the gentleman from New Hamp- j
shire, [Mr. Tappan.] j
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to add to |
the amendment, so as to increase it to $19,000; ;
merely for the purpose of explaining the reasons j
why the Committee of Ways and Means have :
reported this provision. We felt ourselves bound j
to treat Kansas as we did all other Territories. :
A proposition was pending, introduced by the j
chairman of the Committee on Teintories, pro- :
viding for a reorganization of that Territory, and
for a new election of members of the Legislature.
I am one of those who have always concurred
with the gentleman in thff opinion that the Legis-
lature of Kansas which passed the laws which
we have repealed, so far as the House has any
action, was a fraud, and I have not changed that
opinion. But, looking to the future of the Ter-
ritory, we believed that it was necessary to report
to the House the appropriations for carrying oil
the Legislature of the Territory. We in the
committee-room could not determine what would
be the action of Congress in reference to the laws
of Kansas, or the statutes claimed as laws.
Whether Congress would repeal that portion of
them that was particularly obnoxious, and so t
regarded by members of all parties, or whether I
they would repeal the whole of them, and pro- j
vide for another organization, we could not tell. ]
We liai e discharged our duty in presenting this <
appropriation to the House, for the purpose of |
paying the expenses of a future Legislature, and ]
it is for the House to determine whether it will,
or will not, make the appropriation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Iam opposed to the amend- j
ment of my colleague. !
Mr CAMPBELL. I withdraw it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to its withdrawal.
Iam opposed to the amendment of my colleague;
and I am astonished that on the premises which |
ho gives us he can come to the conclusion which i
he has arrived at. He says he believes that the :
present Legislative Assembly is the result of j
fraud, of force, and of corruption; and yet the ,
next Legislative Assembly of Kansas can only
be based on laws which this same fraudulent,
corrupt Legislature has enacted. This House
has declared at three different times that the acts
of the..present Legislative Assembly were null
and void; and if so, then it had no power to pass
laws by which its successor should be elected;
and therefore the election of its successor under
those laws is null and void. No legal result can
follow from the acts of such a body unless they
make a successful revolution. The manner in
which the executive officers of the Government
have undertaken to pay the expenses of the pres-
ent alleged Legislaturdjjfefact which ought to
be brought before thdiJBPtry. .We are now
♦.old by the Delegate fromKansas that they have
been paid out of the public Treasury, although
both Houses of Congress, at their last session,
expressly refused the appropriation. If this be
true, then I say that the President, or any officer
under him, who took from the special fund ap-
propriated under the organic law for a special
purpose, money to pay the expenses of that
Legislature at its present session, has overstepped
his authority, and has violated that provision of
the Constitution which declares that no money
shall be paid from the public Treasury except in
pursuance of appropriations made by Congress.
1 will now embrace the opportunity of replying
for a moment to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Harris.] He rises in his place and glibly talks
about a packed committee, referring to the Kansas
investigating committee. I was a member of that
committee, and say that if it was packed I cer-
tainly had no knowledge of it; and so far from its
report being anticipated, no man can truly say
that any part of that report could have been an-
ticipated by any member. We went there to
j perform impartially ad uty imposed by this House,
| and wc performed it openly, boldly, and in the
I light of day. Every scrap of testimony was taken
| openly, except the testimony of one witness, and
that, too, m the presence ot' the gentleman who
now ii.oMs his seat here as Delegate from that
Territory,or Ins counsel. Everything was done
fairly, frankly, and openly, and the witnesses
j were examined according to the approved rules
! of evidence. And there is not a single fact stated
| in that report which is not borne out by the tes-
| tirnony; and not only that, but there is not a fact
! stated in the report that has not virtually received
i the sanction of the Executive of that Territory.
1 Nor is that all. The gentleman from Illinois
! [Mr. Harris] speaks about the voice of the people
; condemning the action of that committee. On the
; contrary, it was the action of that committee which
| compelled the present Administration to change its
1 course. It was the action of that committee that
; compelled the removal of Governor Shannon. It
; was the action of that committee which caused
t the appointment of Governor Geary. It was the
I action of that committee which relieved President
Pierce ofliis present possession.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee, (in his seat,
and in alow tone of voice.) That's a lie.
Mr. SHERMAN. But not only that. I can
say to the gentleman from Illinois that the mes-
, sage of Governor Geary sanctioned and approved
: the leading facts stated in that report. There is
! not in the English language a stronger, a more
| pointed, and more complete description of the
| state of affairs which this lidministration produced
I in that Territory, than is contained in the very
; message of the last Governor sent out there; and
| let me say this: that had it not been for the
; appointment of Geary, and di*; change of policy
j by the Administration, Mr. Buchanan would not
, have been administrator de bonis non of the retiring
! President. He could not have been elected but
; for this mutual confession of error and tardy
change of policy. This change was in September
last. When the facts in relation to Kansas had
become known to the people through the sworn
testimony of many witnesses; when this House
and the Senate had concurred in refusing supplies
to an illegal Legislative Assemblyj.when Senators
of all parties concurred in denouncing their enact-
ments as infamous; when civil war was starting
into full vigor in the Territory; then, and not till
then, did a change take place.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I move to strike out the
word '' twenty," and insert the word " twenty-
one." 11'egret, Mr. Chairman, that aiw debate,
has arisen on an .appropriation for the Territory
of Kansas- Since I had the honor of having the
resolution to deprive me of a seat laid on ths
