838
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
table, I thought that the whole question was set-
tled. I had hoped that for the balance of the
session j}o member would endeavor to renew that
qtK s'ioa. I am, however, surprised to see this
opposition to that appropriation.
* My friend from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] who has
just taken his seat, seems to have indorsed the
doctrine now being promulgated by the North,
that Kansas is to be a.free State. Then, if Kan-
sas is to be a free Sta^fee next Legislature there
must be composed ortree-State men. -And why,
theUj refuse to make an appropriation to pay the
expenses of that Legislature? This appropria-
tion is not to pay the expenses of the present
Legislature, or of that which has just adjourned.
As I remarked a few minutes ago, we had funds
on hand sufficient to pay the expenditures of the
last Legislature, or very nearly. But the next
Legislature will meet before Congress does, or
at least before Congress can make an appropria-
tion for it. Then if so, and if we are to have a
free-State Legislature, why propose to prevent
this money being appropriated ?
Mr. SIMMONS. Do you behove it is to be a
free State?
Mr. WHITFIELD. I am perfectly willing to
run the risk of all these things. I stand on the
principles of the Kansas-Nebraska bill. If a
majority of free-State men be elected to the Le-
gislature, I say "amen" to it. I do not know
whether they will be free-State or pro-slavery
men. That depends ou the voice of the peo-
ple. If they be free-State, I have not a word to
say.
Mr. SIMMONS. The voice of what people ?
Mr. WHITFIELD. The voice of the iwna
fide citizens of the Territory of Kansas. The
peonle of Kansas will fleet their next Legislature |
as tuey have elected the Legislatures before. I
did not mean to get into a discussion with the
gentleman from Ohio in regard to his report. He
know.* my opinion about that. The countiy
knows it. I juwe spoken mi thisilooi what I
thought about it. My inend | Mr. Sin:fiM\\'j
f-.iys, bovvei'i flint nil tin- It-Miniony was taken
in !he presence of the sitting Di legate If no. 1
should he pleus< d for hnn to tell me when ami
hero the testimony in reference to the eleetion
of Herder was mken;
Mr. SHERMAN. The only testimony on that
subject was the official papers handed to the com-
mittee precisely t\s the gentleman [Mr. Wmx-
FJfcU'] handed us his oWcm! paper*.
Mr. WHITFIELD. TIh-u- m one thin" which
my friend will not deny. I demanded that the
election of Heeder should he mvestig UeJ. What
was the answer? "My dear sir, if you want
that matter investigated you must get somebody
else to attend to it." And yet, io my great sur- :
prise, when that report was made I found Unit it
wns recommended to place Recder in the seat.
Now i had no desire to be brought into all this ■
debate. I merely intended to state to you, as 1
stated before, that if you arc satisfied that the
next Legiskituie will be composed mostly of ftce-
btaUMnen,you ought not to object to this appro-
priation.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 make the point
of order that this debate is irrelevant.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state that
the debate has assumed a latitude which the rules
of the House do^ot authorize. lie hopes that
gentlemen will confine themselves to the amend-
ment under considi ration.
Air WHITFIELD. I will withdraw my
amend mem.
AIi 1IARUIS, of Illinois. I object. Iam op-
poseu to die amendment of the gentleman from
Kansas, - or the icason that I am satisfied with the
bin' as it is without that amendment. The gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] has taken upon
himself to comment upon the remarks which I
some moments ago submitted, and to vindicate
the course of the committee which went to Kan-
sas, of which he was a member.
Air. PERRl'. I call the gentleman to order,
lie is not discussing the amendment before the
committee.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman
from Maine did not discover that gentlemen who
have spoken on the other side were out of order.
I am merely replying to what the gentleman from
Ohio said aDout the character of this report 
Mr, CAMPBELL, of Ohio. T should like to
know what the report of that committee has to
do with the amendment under consideration?
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Why did not the
gentleman, then, call his own friends to order?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Illinois has made one speech upon this sub-
ject, and I now insist upon the question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair feels con-
strained to rule this debate upon the Kansas report
out of order. And he would request gentlemen
of the committee to confine themselves to the
question under consideration.
Air. HARRIS, of Illinois. Very well; I will
confine myself to the question under considera-
tion, though what I was saying was strictly in
reply to what had been said by other gentlemen.
But, sir, I will only add, that the attempts of gen-
tlemen to make capital out of that report have
utterly failed.
Mr. LETCHER. I propose to increase the
amount of the appropriation six and a quarter
cents. Now, sir, there is one thing in connection
with this matter that I do not exactly understand.
So far as I know, the Committee of Ways and
Means were unanimous in presenting their report
upon these estimates. There has not been one
particle of objection to the items reported for the
pay of the Governor, or judges, or to the contin-
gent expenses, or the extraordinary expenses, of
the government of that Territory. *
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
is mistaken. The committee have recommended
the striking out of the seven hundred and sixty-
fourth and seven hundred and sixty-fifth lines
relating to those extraordinary expenses.
Mr. LETCHER. Very well. Take from the
seven hundred and fifty-seventh to the seven hun-
dred and sixtieth lines, providing for the salaries
; of the Governor, judges, and secretary, and the
, contingent expenses of the Territory. How came
i Geary to be the Governor of Kansas? Is it not
! in obedience to that organic law under which the
Legislative Assembly was elected? Is he not
fheio m pursuance of the same authority as they
. are 5 Does lie not leeogmze that Assembly by
! his message, and by hi,-? action upon their acts,
■ vetoing Mune anil appiovmg others? Will these
!gtn>iemen on the other wide of the House, who
i are so very sensitive upon this subject, recommend
' the striking out of this appropriation for the sal-
i arie;t of the Governor, judges, and contingent
i expenses? Why this distinction? Why refuse
| to piovide for the Legislative Assembly in 1858,
j and provide for the executive officers of the Ter-
1 ntory ?
Hut, mark yon, this Governor, these judges,
1 and tins secretary, were called into existence by
| the same power—by the President of the United
; States. You give them their salaries; but when
j you come to the Legislative Assembly, which
i was called into existence by the people, you deny
' them their salaries.
Mr. SIMMONS. What people?
Several AIlmbers. The Missourians.
Mr. LETCIIER. The people of Kansas, ac-
cording to the report of your Kansas committee.
1 lave Ahssonnans voted in any recent election ?
Did Missourians vote in the last congressional
election? It would have been far better ground
' for the committee if they could have reported that
| the election was carried by Missourians, than to
! have assumed the ground that the law under
1 which the election took place was invalid.
| Air. STANTON. Inasmuch as gentlemen on
: the Committee of Ways and Alcans, and gentlc-
| men who are connected with the Administration
! party in politics, are disposed to continue the de-
|' bate upon the Kansas question, I am not disposed
|i to help them along with this appropriation bill.
It could scarcely be expected that the speech of
! the gentleman from Virginia would be allowed to
pass without reply. The gentleman, it seems, is
lj at a loss to discover the difference between the
i! Governor and judges and the Legislative Assem-
!' bly of Kansas. Sir, the difference consists most
clearly in this: thai no one disputes the validity
j' of the organic lav/ of the Territory; no man dis-
|j putcs the power of the President to appoint the
1; Governor, and no man disputes the validity of
i| that appointment.
| But, sir, the first Legislative Assembly was not
j| organized in pursuance of that organic law; and
!j the question then comes up, whether this Legis-
'' lative Assembly,elected not on the day appointed
by the organic law, but elected in pursuance of
regulations made by an Assembly foisted on the
people by fraud and violence, can be a valid As-
sembly ? It has left the legislative power of the
Territory in that condition that it cannot again be
called into existence without the interposition of
Congress. That I understand to be the gtound
taken by gentlemen on this side of the House.
It is not recognized by those who hold that that
election was a usurpation of power, that this
Legislature had the right to provide for future
elections, appoint judges of election, prescribe
qualifications of voters, &c. How, then, can a
future Legislative Assembly be elected unless in
pursuance of the law passed by the present one,
and such an election has no legal validity?
The Delegate from Kansas tells us that, not-
withstanding Congress at the last session refused
to make an appropriation for the present session
of the Legislative Assembly, yet they have ap-
plied an unexpended balance of former appropri- *
ations for that purpose. I take it for granted that
if any such thing has been done, it has been done
in violation of law, and that the accounting offi-
cers will never settle any accounts for such a mis-
application of the public money. If that is not
done, they may apply the appropriation for the
next Legislature to pay for the expenses of the
present one. I have no great confidence in the
manner in which the finances of the Territory
have been managed, if this be one of their doings.
Air. WHITFIELD. The organic act appro-
priated $50,000; and at the session of 1854 another
appropriation of $20,000 was made. After pay-
ing the mileage and per diem of the membeas of
the Legislature, and other incidental expenses,
there was a balance of §10,000 or $15,000, which
amount has paid the expenses of the present
Legislature. The appropriations I have referred
to were made in general terms, und without lim-
itation as to time.
Mr. STANTON. I had supposed that the
appropriations by the organic act, and the law to
pay theTerritorial expenses, were limited in point
of time.
Mr. WHITFIELD. They were not.
Air. STANTON. They must, of necessity,
have been appropriations for the current fiscal
year. All our appropriations axe annual. lithe
appropriations are not exhausted in the year for
which they are made, they lapse, and if required
have to be reappropriatcd. As 1 understand the
gentleman,, that although these appropriations for
ihe Territory of Kansas have not been exhausted
and have lapsed, yet without reappropriation the
balance has been applied to pay the expenses of
the present Legislature. It is a misapplication
of the public funds. They had no right to do
it.
Air. LETCHER withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move that the
committee rise. [Cries of " No!"] If this dis-
cussion is to go on, I must insist on the motion.
The question was taken; and the motion was
disagreed to.
Air. HARRIS, of Maryland. I move that the
committee take a recess until seven o'clock this
evening.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. That cannot be
done.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
motion may be entertained.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The committee
cannot take a recess without the order of the
House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is not clear on
the point, but he understands that it has been
done before.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am unaware of
any such practice. It is the House that gives
consent to the committee to take a recess.
Mr. GREENWOOD. If we remain in com-
mittee, and without discussion dispose of the
amendment of the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Taffan,] we can then finish the bill
in a short while, and be ready to repoit it to the
House. I hope, then, that the gentleman will
withdraw his motion to take a recess. Let us go
on with the bill. 1 am for giving the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means every
facility in my power to get the appropriation bills
through.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The motion of
the gentleman from Maryland is not in order. Ifc
