840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. BOCOCK, it was
Ordered, Tim leava bo granted to withdraw Iron) the
Cou-t ol'Clomj-% tlif papers m toe ca^e ot Commodote Fox-
ail Pmker, lor the purpose of presentation i?i tin1 Senate.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, it
was
Ordered, Tim} [eavc be g.-anted to withdraw from the
fiico or the House the papers iu me cafe ot John Sirang-
hau? for the purpose of inference to the Court of Claims.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Secretary of
the Treasury, submitting estimates for additional
appropriations for light-house purposes, for the
year ending 30th June, 1858; which was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask leave to introduce a
resolution, for the purpose of reference merely,
to print extra copies of the report of the Smith-
sonian Institute.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Illinois. My motion
to adjourn is pending, and 1 call for a vote upon
it.
The motion was agreed to; and the House ac-
cordingly (at five o'clock and thirteen minutes)
adjourned.
J®|js
JSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesd\y, Fcbruco'tj ~1, 1857.
The ITouso met at eleven o 'clonk, a.m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, n.ev. Daxicl Wai.ho.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
executive, legislative, aa'jd judicial
bill.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be upon
agreeing to the amendments reported from 'the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
to the bill of the House (No. GOG) making appro-
priations for tho legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 1858, upon which-the
main question had been oidered.
Mr. EDIE. 1 think there is no quorum here;
and I move that there be. a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The mam question has been
ordered to be now put,and a motion for a call of
the House is not theiefore in order. The Cleik
■will read the amendments; and the question will
be taken at' once upon all ami ndments on which
separate votes are not asked.
The Clerk then proceeded to read the amend-
ments.
When the following amendment was read:
Add to the clause, " For binding twenty-four copn..-; of
the Congressional Globe and Appendix loi each member
and Delegate or' the lir.st session of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gio^s, $10 ,(>,77 Sk!,,? the following:
u Provided, That no gie«uci puce -hall In: pan) foi the
same than evenly cents tor each volume or p<ut actually
bound and delivered"—
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, said: When that
proposition was under consideration yesterday,
in Committee of the Whole on the .state of the
Union, I stated, upon the authority of the Super-
intendent of Publie, Printing, who was here in
the Hall, that the publisher of the Globe bound
tho copies which were furnished*) the Senate.
I am informed by the publisher that he has
never bound a copy either for the Senate or for
the House. I made the statement on the author-
ity of the Superintendent of Public Printing, and
I wish to correct it now. ° J
Mr. IPC HOLS. The statement of the gen- !
tleman from Tennessee is correct.
Mi. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Very well; then
the amendment ought to be voted down.
Mr. JOSSES, of! ennessee. 1 think the amend-
ment, as it is, ought to go in,as it is for the pay-
ment of those actually bound.
Mr. PHELPS. I think the amendment had
better be concurred in, because theCengressional
Globe and Appendix are bound for those mem-
bers who cioo.se to leave the numbers to which
they are entitled m the Globe office for that pur-
pose. 1 ha\e be.nl in i lie habit of receiving mv
twenty-four copies of the Congressional Globe
and Appendix, bound at the public expense. If
members choose to reccive their numbers in the
form in which they come from the printing office
of course they are not bound. The amendment
should be adopted.
The Clerk then completed the reading of the
amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, asked for separate
votes on the twelfth and fifteenth amendments.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, asked for a sep-
arate vote on the thirteenth amendment.
I The question was taken on the other amend-
ments coJlectivcly; and they were concurred in.
The question recurred on the twelfth amend-
ment as follows:
Strike out the following clause :
For compensation and mileage of tho members of the
| Legislative Assembly, officer**, clerks, and contingent cx-
j penses of the A-ssemblj", £2U.0JU, (for Kansas Tcmtoiy.)
| Mr. KELSEY called for the yeas and nays,
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question v.*as taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 90; as follows:
YEA?—Messn. Alluight, Allison, Baibonr, Benson, Bil-
linghurst, Bingham, Bishop. Bliss, Biadshaw, Brenton,
ButTuiton, Biuhngairie, James II. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Chaffee, Ezia Claik, Claw.-on, Cohax, Coining,
Ctagm,Cumhaek, D.emeil,Timothy Davi>,Dean,He Witt,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, D.miuDurfee, Edie, Emrie, FjjiIpi,
Gas'im ay, Gt anger, Robett B. 13'ill, Harlan, Haven, Hodges,
Iiu!i"ua\, \ alontme B Iloiton, Howat.l, Ilugh.-ton, Kcl-
&e>j Knapp, ICnurht, Knowiton, Knox, LeiteC Mace. Kal-
inin JMxiloi, -M.hw.ud, Moote, Moigan. Monili.Mcu, Mui-
lav, Nicho'-. Aud.cw Oliver, Paiker, Penv, Pettit. Pike,
Pine.'Ie, Pui viauee, Ritchie, Bobbin*. KoIumh!. Sabm, Sag*,
Papp, ^corr, i.Hicjmnn. tfunuiou-*. Hpinner, Stanton, Stian
ah.in, Tappuii, TiMiingion. T;uii-ton, Tiatton. Wade,
Wuki'inan, Waiieuhe, Waldron, Oadwal.Uer C. Wash-
Inune, Elhhu B. Wa>hhu!ue, 1m,jc! Washburn, Watson,
Wood, Woodnur, and W'oodwoith—92.
NAVrf—Me.--ns. Akci-s, Allen, Batksdale, Ilendley 6.
Bennett. Boeoek, Bowie, Bunch, liioom, John P Camp-
bell, CamSe, CaiuJser-.. Chimin in.Williamson It. W. Cobb, '
Cox, Ciaige, C.awfo d, r^len, Davidson, Henry Wmter .
I)a\i--. Ja •(>!) (' D.ivm, i) iv, 1 lonv^r, Dond«~li, Edmund- !
eon, 1 Iniihch. Etheiuljy, iEvans, Faulkner, Flor- ■
euee. iieniv M luliei, Tlmm n J. I). Fuller, Cnnett, :
Goode, Gte.'i,\vi ,hl. iJail, J. Moiihou flarns !
Thomas !, H.:iiILiJlni m, Ildu. Icn, Jcv.utt, G< oige W. i
Jimes, Rent, Kelly, Kemielt. Lake, Lctelier. Lumpkin. !
Alexander K. Mat-hnli, !Jin ptirey Matshall, yamucl S. I
M;at-ha!i, M.iwvell. .Mt_>.lu!lni. ^IcUuecn, r^milh Miller, 1
Moideeai Oliver, Oir, Paine, 5'ii -lii:. Torr'-r, Powell, IVa- 1
jen, (iuunian, Re*id\. llicaml, Uullin, Sava e, Seward, '
ri:io,ua-, Samuel A. Sm:r'>, William Smith. Ptewait, !
riwope, Talhoil, Taylor, Tv^oti, Underwood, Vail, Vaik
Walker, Vv'amer, W.uku,-, Wells Wheelei, Whitney,
\villiapts, Window, Daniel B. Wiuln, Jolm V. Wrmlit.
and ZrHhcofiVr—U'l. "
the amendment was concurred in.
Pending the vote,
i, Mr. Ci ALLOW A\ etatcd that Mr. CASKiEhad
: paired off with Mr. Pearce.
Mr. A. K KM A.N stated that Mr. Pelton* was
confined h> Ins rotmi by illness.
Mr. \VHELLER stated that if he had been in
t/ie Hall yesterday he would have voted against
the amendment to tho deficiency bill appropri-
ating money to pmcha.se books for members.
He would now vote " no."
The question recurred on the thirteenth amend- )
nient, as follows: j
Hirikc out the n ohU tf Fur exfraordmary expenses of the
<'xeeutive othee, .^,000,*' (ior Kansab Teiutory.)
Mr. GREENWOOD called foi tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Greenwood
and Holloway were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported 
ayes fortyrscven, noes not counted.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The question recurred on the fifteenth amend-
ment, as follows:
For the construction and erection of suitable eases to re-
ceive the collections, ot the United States exploring e\pedi-
Uorn , and others, in {,'eoio,'v,nun<;ialo^-,. &e , belonging to
the LmtPd states no-v in the Parent Othee, and elbcwhcie ,
in washington, .^15,(00; j
Fnj Ui'j expenses of the transfer of these collections, and ;
the peimanent auange.nent 01 the cases, $2,0U0. ;
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas \
and nays. i
The yeas and nays were not ordered. !
The question was taken; and the amendment !
was concurred in. |
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read, i
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord- ,!
ingly read the third time. ;
Mr. McMULLIN called for the yeas and nays j
on the passage of the bill. j
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the bill was
passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table} which latter motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OF NEW MEMBERS.
Mr. HAVEN. In behalf of several young and
enterpri-mg members of the House, I ask unan-
imous consent to offer the following resolution,
which is a matter of some consequence- to the
Scrgeant-at-Arais in making up the accounts of
these members:
R^ohed. Tlhit m makhisrup rho accounts of members
elected to fill vacancies m this IJou -;e f >i the Thirty Fourth
Congress the Sreigcant-at-Arni-- be directed to compute
their salaries from the dav on winch their predecessors le-
spectively ceased to be memheis, whether by death, icsig-
nation, or by a vote of the Hou^: and that the Speaker
issue his certificate in accordance with this construction
of tho law.
Mr. FLAGLER. I object.
Mr. HAVEN. While 1 have no interest what-
ever in the matter, I move to suspend the rules.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee, would it be in
] order to inquire of the Chair whether he has con-
strued the law in accordance with this resolu-
j tion ?
J The SPEAKER. No debate is in order,
j ^ Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to know
j if the Choir has given that construction?
! The SPEAKER, The Chan* has declined to
' construe the law m that mannfer, but has sus-
I gested to the fcergeant-at-Ai ms that the matter
j ought to be determined by the House,
| Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to ask the
| Chair if he would ho governed in his construction
| by a bare resolution ot the House in opposition
! to the law >
| The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order,
j Air. HAVEN. I will say that if the rules are
t suspended I shall say a very few words in expla-
j nation of the resolution.
■ Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for the yeas
I «\nd nays.
j The yeas and nays were ordered.
| The question wa.s taken; and it was decided in
I the negative—yeas 104, nays 76; as follows:
( YEAS—Messrs. Allm^ht, AHea, Ball, Benson, Billing-
i huist. Bingham. Bishop. i5ik-s. Bocock, Bowie. Boyee,
Branch, Broom, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Cauither?, Ezut Clark, dawson. Ohnsrnian, ThawiouL
Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C. D ivi*, Timothy
Davis, Denver, De Witt, Durlee, Edwards, East!--, Evans,
Faulknei, Florence, Fetter, Ilenry M. Fuller, Thomas J.
D. F'i!'e,f, Gilbeit, Gooclu, Granger, Greenwood, Au2:u-tua
Hall. Hanson, Haven,Tnoinas U. Ifoiton, Howard^ Jew-
ett, Kellj, Kennett, KulweiLK ighr, Lake, Lmdlcy, Mace,
Alexander K. Humphrey IVl.irih.UK Samuel S.
-Maishall, Maxwell. IMeCairy, Mooio, Mornli, Moinson,
Nicho!.-., Norton, Andrew Onvei, Paine, Parker, Peek,
P  nnmgion, Pemt, Porter, Puryear, Qiutmau, Heady, Rob-
Y.r - -     Wafkms,
V\ atson, vVhitnej , vv ill in m-, ^'oodi utf, oociwoi th, Dan-
nie! B Wriirlit, John V. Wudit. and Zolltcofiler—lft4.
back, Daimell, Daj, Dean. Dick, Diek-0I), Dodd, DovvdelL
Ldie, Ednmrrd>on, Etnrio, EuglLh, Flagler, Galloway. Uob-
| oi11> Hall, lldilan, Iloilowav, Valentine B. Horton.Hous-
i ton. Hughhton, Geoige W. Jone«, Kelsev, Kins, Knapp*
i Knowiton, Knox, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin. MeCiueen.
Kilhan M"ler, iSmiih Aliller, iMilMon, Morgan, JVIott, Jlur-
niy.^On, Feiry, Piieip-, I'owpII, Prinze, Rieaud, Ritchie,
Ruiun, Sapp, Sheiman, William Smith, Taibott, Tappan,
Thoungton,T\von, Underwood, Wulbudge, Waldton,Cad-
waiader C. Wa>hbume, Wheeler, and Wood—76.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that Mr. Pearce
was still absent, but that his pair with Mr. Caskie
had ceased.
Air. READ1. stated that his colleague, Mr.
Sxeed, was detained from the House by indis-
position.
Mr. MILLSON" stated that he was absent at-
tending to important business of his constituents
belore one of the Departments this morning. If
he had been present he should have voted " no3'
on the amendment to strike out the appropriation
relative to Kansas.
UNIFORM COINAGE.
The SPEAKER announced that reports were
j now in order from tho Committee of Ways and
■ Means.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back Senate joint resolution
(No. 42) to provide for ascertaining the relative
value of the coinage of the United States and
Great Britain, and for fixing the relative vaius
of the unitary coins of the two countries,
