842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
and Means, and I hope the House will come to
a vote upon it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I insist upon the
previous question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I wish to say one
word to the gentleman from Maryland. He
stated that no appropriation was made in the biii.
If the gentleman will advert to the bill, he will
find that thefe is an appropriation made. I will
read the fourth section.- It is as follows:
liC
Sfc. 4. And be itfitrtkerwMked, That it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury, with as little delay as prac-
ticable, to examine the testimony taken befoie the said
commission frosn tune to time, a* the same shall [>e returned
to him; to compare the same with the said statement and
adjudication of said commissioners, and to signify to them
his appioval or disapproval of the claim, in whole or in part,
as he shall deem just; and as soon as .said determination of
the Secretary of the Treasury shall be made known to the
said commissioners, if it be favorable to the claims, in whole
or m part, they shall issue to each claimant whose claim is
so approved a certificate signed by them, and stating the
amount of duties which the claimant is entitled to have
refunded or reunited to him accoidmg to the provisions of
this act, which said certificate shall entitle the person or
persons named therein, or the legal holder thereof, to be
paid the sum also named therein, out of any moneys in the
Treasury which may be appropriated therefor, upon pre-
sentation of the said certificate at the Treasury of the Uni-
ed States within one year from its date, See.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That makes no
appropriation.
.The SPEAKER. The language of the bill, as
read by the gentleman from Virginia, does not
make an appropriation. It excludes an appro-
priation. ®
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I call the previous
question.
Mr. WHITNEY. I desire a moment to ex-
plain away an erroneous impression which seems
to have been made.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Maryland withdraw the call for the previous
question ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not.
Mr. SMITH,of Vi rginia. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Maryland another question.
Mr. WASH BURN, of Maine, r object.
Mr McMULLlN. Is it in order to move to
lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
_ Mr. McMULLlN. Then I submit that mo-
tion, and cail the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 72, nays 115; as follows:
yBAS— Messrs. Aiken, Alien, Bowie, Iluyce, Branch,
Butlinloi], Bunielt, Uuhvaliulrr, Carliji', lv,kic, Cling-
man, VVilliiiiti^on It. VV*. Cobb, (Jollhv, Cox, Craijrp, Oi;nv-
ford, Uumbiirk, Danirell, Davidson, Jacob C. Jlavis, Dovv-
delltDiiiiii, Ectiimmlson, Ulliou, Kmnc, Floroiu'e, (iarncti,
Cootie, Ureeiiwood, Augustus [lull, Iiarlan, Uofi'mau, ilol-
loway, UoiMoii, Jewott, (Jcorgo VV. Jone-s, Kuhvell, Kun- I
feci, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Mux- j
well, McMullm, Metiueen, Mitlson, Orr, Perry, Clit'l'
Powell, Puryesir, Uuttiimn, Tieaily, liieaini, Roberts, Ktiffin '
Savage, Scott, William Smith, William ii. Smith, Stanton
Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Todd, Vail, Walker, Warner,
Watkms, Winslow, Wood, and Zolheoflor—73.
NAVS--Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Bilhnglmrst, Bingham, Bishop, Bhss, BraiUmv,
hraiitfm nriuii,, ifii.liitnf, r  ir s* *_ >, r '
Granger, ltobort' Hi iiail, T Morjfc Harris,'Ilarnson',
Uaven, Herbert, Hodges, Thomas 11. Horton, Valentine B.
Hoi ton, Howard, Hughston, Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett, Kins,
Knapp, Knight, KnowHon, Knox, Lake1, Lciter, Lmdlev,
Marshall, Mattcsoii
Ki!l.anMiHer,Miltward,Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Mormon,
I?,l"l 1^: Norton, Paine, Peck, Penn.natoii,
Pettit, i ike, 1 ringle, Robbms, Sabin, Sage, Sapn, Seward,
Sherman, himmtmi, Spuim-.r, Stwtialian, Swoon, Tappail,
rhormgioii, I liurston Trafton, Tyson, Underwood, Valk
Wade, Wakeman, VValbndgc, Waliiron, Cadwalader c!
Was ii b u r u e, LI lit m B. Waslitiume, Israel Washburn,
VV_afoon, U',W heeler, Whitney, Williams, Woodruff,
Wood worth, and Daniel B. Wngtit—1S5.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table. 1
The previous question was seconded; and the
Hiain question ordered to be put.
The question was taken on Mr. Denver's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
warn qneedon ordered. ,
Mr. PHELPS called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 86; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aker?, Alliiisiht, Ball, Ilenry Bennett,
Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Biadshaw,
Brenton, Broom, Burlingame, James II. Campbell, Lewis
I). Campbell, Chaffee, Ezia Clark, Claw-son, Comins, Co-
vode, Cragin, Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Day,
Dean, De Witt, Dick, Dickson, Ootid, Edie, Edwards, Eth-
endge, Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Foster, Henry M. Fuller,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Gilbert, Gi anger, Robert B.
Hall, Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Thomas R. Horton, Valen-
tine B. Horton, Howard, IIu hston, Kelsey, Kennett, King,
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Lciter, Liiulley,
Matteson, Killian Miller, Millward, Moore, Morgan, \Tor-
nll, Munay, Nichols,Norton, Andrew Oliver, Pame, Peck,
Pennington, Petut, Pike, Poiter, Pimgle, Robbme, Roberts,
Sabui, Sage, Sapp, Sherman, Simmons, Spinner, Strana-
hnn, Tapp.m, Thonn!jton}Thurston,Tiafton,Tvson, Valk,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Cadwalader C. Washburne,
JEllihu B. Wa.shburne, Tsracl Washburn, Watson, Whit-
ney, Williams, Woodruff, and Woodworth—103.
WAY'S—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, ffendley S. Bennett, Bo-
cock, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Cadwal-
ader, Carhle, Caskie, Clingman, WilWBmson II. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Cox, Ciaige, Crawford, Cullen,Cumbaek, Damrell,
Davidson, Jacob C. Davis, Denver. Dowdell, Dunn, Ed-
mundson, Elliott, Enirie, Faulkner, Florence, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, Ilarlan, Sampson W. Harris,
Herbert, Hoffman, Ilolloway, Houston, Jewett, George W.
Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Kunkel, Letcher, Lumpkin, Mace,
Alexander K, Marshall, Humplirey Mai&hall, Maxwell,
AfcMuihn, McQueen, Smith Miller, Million, Packer, Perry,
Phelps, Powell, Purviance, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, lli-
caud, ttuffin, liust, Savase, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, William it. Smith, Stanton, Stewart, Swopo,
Talbott, Tavlor, Vail, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Weils,
Wheeler, Wood, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and
Zolhcoffer—86.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to rcconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
Pendinjf thf vote,
Mr. Q.UITMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bakksdale, had been compelled by illness to leave
the House.
REFERENCE OF EXECUTIVE DOCUMENTS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have been di-
rected by the Committee of Ways and Means to
ask that certain communications from the Execu-
tive Departments be printed and referred to that
committee.
It was so ordered.
STATE STOCKS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported a bill directing
the investment of moneys in stocks of such States
as have provided a sinking fund for the redemp-
tion thereof, and the application of the interest
accruing thereon; which was road a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
PREVENTION OF COUNTERFEITING.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, also reported back a
joint resolution (S. No. 53) to prevent the coun-
terfeiting of the coins of the United States, with
an amendment, as follows:
.Strike out the word "m.-(ructed7> and insert the word
" authorized so as to make the resolution read :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be author-
ized to causc inquiry to be made by two competent com-
missioncis into the process and means claimed to have
been discovered by J. S. Baiclay for preventing the abia
sion, counterfeiting, and deterioration of the corns of the
United States, &e.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The amendment
merely leaves the matter discretionary with the
Secretary of the Treasury. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The question was first taken on the amend-
ment; and it was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was ordered to be
read a third time, and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
_ Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution vas passed,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
CHANGES OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL,of Ohio,it was
Ordered, Thru the Committe® 0f Ways and Mesne be
discharged from the further consideration of a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Interior inclosing plans for a
structure for that Department; and that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings arid Giounds.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, it
was
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
discharged from the further consideration of the memotial
of the Legislature of New Mexico, asking for a grant of
lands in aid of the education of the people of said Tet i itory;
and that it be referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, also asked that
the Committee of Ways and Means be discharged
from the consideration of the memorial of a thou-
sand merchants of the city of Philadelphia; and
that it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
It was so ordered.
IOWA AND MINNESOTA RAILROAD BILL.
Mr. THORINGTON. I now call up the mo-
tion to reconsidei#he vote whereby a bill (H. R.
No. 317) granting lands to the State of Iowa and
to the Territory of Minnesota, in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of railroads therein
named ^ was laid on the table. My object in
calling it up is, that I may presentas a substitute,
in the event the reconsideration be effected, a
copy of the bill which passed the Senate some
daysago,denominated "theMinnesotalandbill."
It applies to the Territory of Minnesota exclu-
sively. The bill has been considered in the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and that committee has
agreed to report it back with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) The motion
to reconsider must be determined without debate.
Mr. THORINGTON. That is my object.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to lay tho
motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that I ask the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES? of Tennessee. When was this
motion to reconsider made ?
The Sy&EAKER. The bill was before the
House,^pl was laid on the table on the 15th of
August, 1856. The gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Tiiorington] then moved to reconsider the vote
laying it on the table. That motion he now calls
up; and the gentleman from Virginia moves to
lay it on the table, and on that the yeas and nays
are ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albiight, Hundley S. Rerinett, Bishop,
Bocoek, Boyce, Dradsha'w, Branch, Cadwalader, James ii.
Campbell,Carlile, Ca&kie, Claw&on,Clmgman, Williamson
R. VV. Cobb, Comins, Co.\, Ciaige, Crawlord, Cullcn,Cum-
back, Damiell, Henry Winter l)avi3, De Witt, Dickson.
Dowdell, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, Etheildge, Eustis.
Faulkner, Flakier, Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, Italian, J. Moiruson
Harris, Sampson W. IJam>, Harrison, Haven, Hodgea,
Hoffman, Holloway, ValentineB. Horton, Houston, Jevvett,
George W.Jones, Kid well, Knapp, Kunkel, Lake, Letcher.
Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mc-
Mullm, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Mor-
lison, Miuray, Andrew Oliver, Paine, Peck, Powell, Pur-
viance, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, Rieaud, Bobbins, Ruffin,
Rust, Scott, Sewatd, Sherman, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan.
Taylor, Todd, Underwood, Wade, Wakeman, Warnpr.
Ifiaoi Washburn, Watkms, Wood, Daniel B. Wright.John
V. Wright, and Zolhcoffci— 91).
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Allen, Ball. Henry Bennett, Ben-
bon, Billiugliuist, Brenton, Broom, Bufhnton, Burlingame,
Lewi-j D. Campbell. Chaffee, Bayjrd Clarke, Ezra Clark,
Colfax, Covodc, Cragm, Jacob C. Davis, Timothy Davis,
Dean, Denver, Dick, Edie, Emne, Henry M. Fuller, Gil-
bert, Granger, Augustus Hall, Robert B. Hall, Ilcibeit,
Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Kelly. Kehey,
Kennett, King, Knight, Knox, Letter, Lindley, Mace, Alex-
ander K. Marshall, Matteson, Maxwell, MeCarty, Killian
Miliar, Milhvard, Mooie, Morrdl, Nichols, Pennington,
Perry, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Prmglo, Robert1-, Sabm, Sapp,
Tappan/rhorington,Thur&ton, Valk, Walbridge, Waldron,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhiiu B. Wa^hbumc, Wells,
Wheeler, Williams, Woodruff) and Woodworth—1.3.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. DAY stated that, if he had been present
when his name was called, he would have voted
" ay."
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, with a view to take up the
appropriation bills.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I desire to appeal
to the gentleman from Ohio before this motion be
put. I want to ask the House to consider Senate
