1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B4$-
bill No. 586. It contains only a single provision,
and is called for by public convenience and neces-
sity.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I cay not with-
draw my motion.
HON. P. T. HERBERT.
Mr. COLFAX. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I am instructed by the Committee of Elec-
tions to submit.a report on the petition presented
from citizens of the State of California in refer-
ence to the Hon. P. T. Herbert, a member of
this House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like the gentleman
from Ohio to allow us to go to the business on
the Speaker's table. We can do so now by a
majority vote. We can take up and dispose of, in
a few minutes, the first bill on the table, in refer-
ence to the settlers on the public lands in new
States.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from I ndiana
submits a report from the Committee of Elec-
tions, which he claims is a privileged matter.
The report was read, and is as follows:
The Committee of Elections, to whom was referred the
petition of certain citizens of California, praying the expul-
sion from the House of Hon. P. T. Herbert, one of its
members, submit the following report: •
The petition in this cas>e is Mgried by twenty-two hundred
and thirty-two citizens, and was presented to the House
and referred to your committee on the 16th of February,
1857. The petition is in the following words:
" Your petitioners, citizens of California, believing that
an appeal to the Hon. P. T. Herbert, one of our Ilepr&«
sentatives in Congress, to resign his seat in your honorable
body, would be of no avail, and believing that all power is
rightly vested with the people to determine who shall, and
who shall not, be their rulers and representatives, and feel-
ing confident that our wishes will not be overlooked in the
deliberations of your honorable body, do most respectfully
represent to your honorable body:
" That whereas, one of our honorable Representatives has
seen proper to stcpfrom hishigh position as Representative
of the State of California, and has suffered himself to be
engaged in an affray reflectingso unhappily upon the honor
and character of your honorable body; and believing that,
in the murder of the unfortunate Keating, h« haa. committed
an act entirely without justification, has disgraced hit his*h
position, and that he can no longer faithfully or satisfactorily
represent the will of his constituents in your honorable
body ; and inasmuch as it seems possible, fiom the senti-
ment in Washington, either that he may be acquitted, or not
receive the punishment which impartial justice demands:
" Therefore, we, the cituens of California, forward this
memorial to your honorable body; and do hereby most re-
spectfully petition your honorable body, m case of the ac-
quittal of the said Hon. P. T. Herbert from the crime
charged against hun, that you would no longer permit him
to remain a member of your honorable body."
The petition is not accompanied by any proof; and no
authority has yet been given to your committee to compel I
the attendance of witnesses, which will be necessary if it
shall be the pleasure of the House that an examination of
the case shall be made.
Your committee, therefore, report the character of the
petition, the statements embodied in it, and the number
of its signers, that the House may determine what action,
under the circumstances, they may deem just to all con-
cerned.
Mr. HERBERT. I desire to say one word
relative to th^^etition.
The SPEAtBER. The report proposes no ac-
tion. The gentleman from California may pro-
ceed if there be no objection.
There was no objection.
Mr. HERBERT. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say a few words relative to this petition, in order
that the House may the better understand the
purpose and object for which it was presented.
I had expected that such explanations would
have been made regarding this matter by the Com-
mittee of Elections, as would have saved mc the
'trouble of doing it myself. By reference to the
petition, it will be seen that it bears date of Jan-
uary, 1857; and it asks this House that in case
I shall be acquitted of the offense named therein,
then I shall be expelled from this House.
It will be remembered that the offense alluded
to in the petition was committed on the 8th day
of May, 1856; and that I, of my own accord,
voluntarily placed myself in the hands of4he
civil authorities, and remained a prisoner until
restored to my personal liberty under the act of;
habeas corpus. Shortly after my liberation, the 1
grand jury found a true bill of murder against
me; whereupon I was again incarcerated, where
I remained until declared not guilty by a sworn
jury of the country. I was acquitted in the latter
part of July, 1856; and this news reached Cali-
fornia in August, of the same year—over four
months prior to the date of the petition.
Now, sir, 1 ask, in all sincerity, if it is reason-
able to suppose that an honest petition would be
based upon the contingency of my acquittal, when
they must have known the fact at feast four months
prior to the date of the petition ? I ask if it does
not bear fraud upon its face, and if the forgery
does not brand its authors as dastardly villains?
This petition was gotten up in the rooms of the
Vigilance Committee of San Francisco, who have
been justly condemned throughout the entire coun-
try as a band of outlaws and murderers. The
House will further remember that no sooner had
the news of the outrages committed by these men
reached this city, than I rose in my place on this
floor and denounced, in the most unmeasured
terms, their action, which was antagonistic and
hostile to the laws and constitution of the State.
And this, sir, is the origin of the petition alluded
to in the report of the Committee of Elections.
Sir, among other outrages committed by these
men whose names appear upon the petition, they
upon one occasion surrounded a house selected
by the Governor of the State, in which there were
at the time some sixty citizens assembled under
his requisition; and after handcuffing and making
prisoners of them, marched them through the
streets in broad daylight to the rooms of the Vigi-
lance Committee, for no other offense than for
having manifested a willingness to protect and
defend the laws and constitution of the State; and
many of these men were there incarcerated in the
cells of the said committee. The dwellings of
private citizens were entered at midnight by these
ruffians, and in some instances even the female
inmates were insulted, and their feelings not re-
spected. But I will consume no further time in
relating their many damnable acts. The fact that
some of the ringleaders of this mob are even now
being compelled to play the artful dodger, in
hiding themselves away upon steamers, under
mattresses, donned with wig and false whiskers, in
order to evade law and justice, is enough to brand
them with infamy and disgrace; and I will con-
clude by stating that I feel complimented by these
barking dogs and braying asses.
The SPEAKER. The report proposes no ac-
tion.
Mr. BOYCE. I move that the whole matter
be laid on the table.
Mr COLFAX. I wish to state one thing on j
behalf of the Committee of Elections. This pe- I
tition was not submitted to tiiat committee until |
the 16th of February; so that the Representative
from California will see that the committee acted
as promptly as the nature of the case allowed.
They have reported within eight days.
Mr. WALKER. I should like to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana why he made this report
and proposed no action ?
Mr. COLFAX. I will answer the gentleman.
It was because it was the unanimous instruction
of the committee that this report and petition
should be submitted to the House for such action
as the House of Representatives might deem fit
to take. If the House see fit to direct no further
investigation to be made, it has a right to do so;
and if it see fit to order a further investigation
by any committee of the House, select or stand-
ing, it has a right to do so.
Mr. WALK.ER. Can I be allowed to say a
few words ?
Mr. TRAFTON. I object.
Mr. WALKER. Of course objection was
made by the hypocritical parson from Massa-
chusetts.
The SPEAKER. Objection was made on the
left of the Chair, and not by the gentleman re-
ferred to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I shall now insist
on proceeding to business, and therefore I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Boyce's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
So the report of the Committee of Elections
was laid on the table.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move to go to the
business on the Speaker's table. The first busi-
ness in order then will be the bill to which I have :
callcd the attention of the House. It will not |
occupy five minutes. |
The SPEAKER. There is a motion pending |
to suspend the rules and go into the Committee of}
the Whole on the state of the Union. If that mo- i
tion be negatived, the motion of the gentleman
from Alabama will be in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope the House
will go into the Committee of the tVhole on the i
state of the Union. This is the only day we shall
have to dispose of the appropriation •bills.
Mr. McMULLIN. I rise for the pu rpose of
presentingaprivileged question. Some time&nee
i moved to reconsider the vole by which the
House passed a certain bill for paying fishing
bounties. I now propose to call up that motion
to reconsider.
Mr. CRAIGE. I submit that the proposition
of the gentleman from Virginia is not in order.
The SPEAKER. The motion to reconsider
cannot be called up pending the motion of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell,] or the
motion of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr.
Houston.]
Mr. FLAGLER called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion to go into the Committee of the
Whole.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Mace in
the chair.)
APPROPRIATION BILLS, ETC.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to take
up House bill No. 634, and that the first reading
of the bill be dispensed with.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I give notice'
that if the motion is voted down, I shall move to
take up the river and harbor bills.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. This is the only
day when we can dispose of the appropriation bills.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And this is
the only day in which the river and harbor bills
can be disposed of.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman from Illinois
must know that these river and harbor bills can
never become laws. If they should be passed,
they would be vetoed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And we will
override that veto by a two-third vote, as we
have done in reference to every veto during this
Congress
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; you have not got
your ten days.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded tell-
ers upon Mr. Campbell's motion.
| Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Bcfftntok were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 78.
So the bill was not taken up.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to take up
House bill making; appropriations for the support
of the Navy for the year ending June 30, 1858.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
motion will not be agreed to. I demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Weight,
of Mississippi, and Cumback, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 62, noes 68.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee pass over the first bill on the Cal-
endar, which is House bill (No. 18) to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public do-
main.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
committee take up for consideration House bill
(No. G16) making appropriations for the support
of the Army, for the year ending the 30 th of June,
18 ">8.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise a
point of order. My motion being first made,
should be first put.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds that the
motion of the gentleman from Ohio, having refer-
ence to one of the general appropriation bills,
takes precedence, and must be first put.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will not
take an appeal from that decision, but merely
express the hope that the gentleman's motion
will be voted down.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I want the House
to understand that unless we act on the general
appropriation bills at once, and send them to the
Senate, they will be lost.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers on Mr. Campbell's motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee,
and Wright of Mississippi, were appointed.
