1857.
THE, CONGIIESSIONAL' QhOM^
he bills shall 6e ta6ehup"antf"iIisposed ofTn tfieiF6r3er dti"|
tthe Calendar; but wheil objection is made to- the consider- :
ation of a bit), a majority of the committee shall decide,
without debate, wherherit shall betaken up and disposed
of or laid a>ide; provided that general appropriation
bills, and, in time of war, bills for raking men or money,
and bills concerning a treaty of peace, shall be preferred to
all other bill:?,atthe .discretion ofthe committee; and, when
demanded by.any member, the question shall first be put in
reference to them."
And the 80th rule is as follows:
"General appropriation bills shall be m orderin preference
to any other bills of a-pubitc nature, unless otherwise or-
dered by a majority of the House.'5
The decision of the Clmir is, that when the
appropriation bills were moved they were in order.
The question then arose, whether they should be j
taken up and considered; and the House decided
at' that time the'y should not be taken up. It
would not have been in brd'er immediately there-
after to have moved again' to take up the same
bill; but when other business has intervened, the
Chair is of the opinion that the question is again
iti order."
Mr, WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I take an
appeal fVom the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair holds the mo-
tion of the* gentleman from Alabama to be in
order From that decision'tlie gentleman from
Illinois takes an appeal. The question now is,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee ?"
Mr. WAKEMAN demanded tellers.
Teller's were ordered; and Messrs.' Kennett
and Florence were appointed. 
Th'e'com'mittee divided; and the tellers reported I
—ayes G6, noes 73."    I
So the decision'of the Chair was overruled;!
and Mr. Houston's motiori decided to be out of
order.
' The CHAIRMAN. The bill now before the
House is a bill (H. R. No. 74) to amend and sup-
plementary to "An act to organize the Territo-
ries of Nebraska and Kansas;" approved May
30, 1854. The Chair understands the gentleman
from Illinois to object to the consideration of that
bill, which; "under the rales, brings the House to
the question, " Shall the bill bo now considered ?"
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the committee
do no w jgse; and upon that motion I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Kelly'were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 34, noes 97.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. McQUEEN. Would it be in order to
offer a resolution now?
The CHAIRMAN. No proposition will be in
oyder. The rules require that when objection is
made to the consideration of a bill, it shall be
decided without debate, whether it shall be con-
sidered or not. The question is, shall the bill
be not considejil?
Mr. SMITHTof Virginia. The object is not
to act upon it?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not the object to act
upon it, and it is not in order to read the bill, be-
cause it is not considered.
The question was taken; and the bill was passed
over.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay aside the next bill upon the Calendar.
The CHAIRMAN. The next bill is a bill
(H. R. No. 133) to prohibit officers of the Army
and Navy from having an interest in contracts
for the supply of any article for any branch of
the service to which such officer belongs.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope we shall pass that
bill.
Mr. FAULKNER. I appeal to the House to
pass that bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
its consideration.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is not debate in order, as
a motion has not been made?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. HOUSTON. But I desire to ask the Chair
a question, to know whether I can raise a point
of order. Has a motion been'made to lay that
bill aside ?
The CHAIRMAN. The rules do not require
a motion to be made. The rule says that the bills
shall be taken up and considered in their order
upon the. Calendar, unless objection be made; and
if objection be made to the consideration of a bill,
tTie question shall be propounded to the commit-
tee, " Shall the bill be laid aside or not?" When
this bill was called, the gentleman from Illinois
objected to the consideration, which makes it
necessary for the Chair to put the question to the
committee
Mr. HOUSTON. But the point of order is,
that the gentleman from Illinois made the objec-
tion before the Chair announced the bill as next
in order. He stated in advance, " 1 object." The
Chair has first to announce the. bill, and then, if
objection be made, it goes over. Now, 1 call for
the reading of the bill, because objection was made
before the bill was announced by the Chair to be
the one next in order.
The CHAIRMAN. Objection was made both
before and after the bill was announced.
Mr. HOUSTON. But not before I addressed
the Chair.
Mr. WALKER. Is it in order to move that
the committee'rise ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order.
Mr. WALKER. Will the Chair and the com-
mittee allow me to state my reason for making
that motion'
The CHAIRMAN. With the consent of the
committee the Chair is very-willing to hear the
gentleman from Alabama; but it must be by
unanimous consent.
Several Members objected.
Mr. WALKER; If the committee will hear me
one moment I know they will give me leave to
proceed. I have insulted a member of the House,
and I wish to explain ray reason, and to apolo-
gize to him and to the House. For that pur-
pose I move that the committee do now rise; or,
without going through that form, that I may be
allowed to say here what I desire.
Several Members. Do it here.
Mr. WALKER. Well, I will do it here. Be-
fore the House resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, a mem-
ber from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] made a report
from the Committee of Elections, in reference io
a member from California, [Mr. Herbert.] The
report proposed no action by this House. After
the report was read, Mr. Herbert addressed
the House briefly. By leave, Mr. CoLr.vx was
allowed to explain the reasons governing the
committee in making that report. I then rose and
asked leave of the House to say a few words.
My reason for asking that permission was, that
I had been the counsel of that gentleman before
the criminal court in this city, and was neces-
sarily conversant with the case, and qualified to
judge of its merits. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Trafton] objected. In the heat
of the moment, and governed by the belief that,
in this country of ours, wherever a man, the
humolest citizen here, has been charged with an
infraction of our criminal law, and has been put
on his trial before a jury of his peers, and has
been by their action pronounced innocent, the lips
of censure are then, in the minds of all right-
thinking and true men, sealed; and, sir, when,
by this report, it was made munifesito this House
that the petitioners had signed that appeal pre-
vious to the adjudication of the case by the court,
it did seem to mo that it should have been passed
sub silcntio, and that there should have been no
action of a committee of the House, or by the
House itself; I rose to cast no censure on the
committee—to implicate no man, North or South;
but I merely wished, as a man believing himself
to be governed by high and true impulses, to say
that, m my judgment, the report never should
have found its way within this Hall; but w! en
I rose for that plain and, as it seemed to me,
honest purpose, and heard the gentleman from
Massachusetts object to my being heard after the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Colfax] had been
heard without objection, I was so far carried away
by the passion of the moment as to make a re-
mark which certainly could never have fallen from
my lips if I had remembered the profession of
the gentleman, (his being the pastor of a church,)
a profession precluding him from resenting an
insult. I now, on reflection, feel ashamed. Sir,
I speak frankly. I apologize to him and to the
House; and 1 wish what I have said now to go
on the Journal ofthe House, and to be reported.
If I wish to insult a man,l would select one who
has no trammels or shackles; and I say now to
Mr. Traftok. that, if I hairc wounded him, I
jam most Heartily sprryTorlt. XwTtJiciraw my;
| motion'.' ' ' • '
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers on Mr.
Wasuburne's motion. * ' -
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Flagler were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
j ported—ayes 83, noes 3f). " ~ ' 1
j So the bill was passed over.
An act (S. No. 119) to authorize the cpnstruc-
I tion of ten sloops-of-war.
! Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
| the consideration of that bill.
| Mr. BENSON. I move that it be laid aside to
be reported to the House, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. LETCHER. I object to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois". I insist on
my motion. If we stop to pass any one of these
bills we cannot reach the river and harbor appro-
priation bills.
Mr. BENSON. I hope that bill will not be
passed over.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Maine that his motion is not
in order. If the bill is to be considered at all, the
committee must first "refuse to pass it over. Tha
question is, " Shall the bjll be passed over?"
Mr. GREENWOOD. ' I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. SriNNERand
Greenwood were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 64.
Mr. BENSON. Before the Chair announces
the vote, I wish to state that several gentlemen
have voted under a misapprehension of the ques-
tion pending. I ask, then, that by the unanimou3
consent of the committee there may be a recount.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let us have a recount.
The CHAIRMAN. If gentlemen voted on the
wrong side, they could have changed their votes
to the right side.
Mr. BENSON. But it is now too late. The
tellers have made their report. [Cries of " Ob-
ject !" and " Announce the result!"]
The result of the vote was then announced;
and the bill was passed over.
The CHAIRMAN stated the next bill on the
Calendar to be House bill (No. 157) enabling the
States of Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Ken-
tucky, Indiana, and Illinois, to improve the nav-
igation of the river Ohio, and granting lands to
said States in aid thereof, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. CLINGMAN moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
burn e, of Illinois, and Packer, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 44, noes 76.
So the inotiun was disagreed to.
[At this point the committee informally rose,
and Mr. Pike, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled joint resolutions
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
A resolution to provide forascertaining the rela-
tive value of the coinage of the United States and
Great Britain, and the fixing the relative value of
the unitary coins of the two countries; and
A resolution to prevent the counterfeiting of
the coins of the United States.
The committee then resumed its session.]
Mr. DUNN. I move that the bill just reported
be laid aside in committee, and reported to the
House with the recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. KENNETT. 1 rise to a point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the consideration of this bill. The gentleman from
Indiana cannot make his motion. The question
must be put m another shape.
Mr. DUNN. 1 want to raise a point of order
H upon the gentleman fiom Illinois.
II The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to move
tolay aside any bill, with the recommendation that
:j it pass, so long as gentlemen propose amendments
i• to it. ,
!i Mr. DUNN. No amendments proposed.
i1 Mr. LETCHER. Read the bill, and then we
i' will see whether it ought not to be amended,
'i Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
il point of order. It is, that I objected to the con-
