846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
sidmtion of this bill before and after it was an-
nounced by the Chair.
Mr. DUNN. I understand that this committee
has no k lowledgc of any proposition that is to
be submitted to it until it is announced from that
d \sk. No gentleman can hold a Calendar in his
hum! and object, before that announcement is
made. The gentleman's objection came before it
was announced by the Chair.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And after-
wards, too.
Mr. DUNN. 1got the floor instantly, and was
recognized by the Cinur, upon the bill being an-
nounced by the Chair. The gentleman's objection
was too soon, as it was made before the Chair
announced what bill it was, and it was made too
late after I h.id been recognized. The othersystem
is a system of following the march of file leaders,
ani is not a just system to be recognized.
The CIIAIRYIAN. If the Chair had heard
the objection of the gentleman from Illinois, he
would not have recognized the gentleman from
Indiana until the Chair had put the question.
The Chair was not aware that the gentleman from
Illinois had objected.
Mr. DUNN. Then I make a motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I ask
dut a vote be taken upon the gentleman's mo-
tion.
Mr. DUNN. I move to strike out the enacting
clause.
Mr. LETCHER. Now I ask to have the bill
read, that we may see what it is.
The CHAIRMAN. As the bill is to be acted
upon, it is in order to have it read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
understand this matter. I certainly made objec-
tio i to the consideration of this bill. [Cries of
" Order," " Too late!"] I rise to point of order
myself. I made an objection to tne considera-
tion of this bill before the Chairman announced
it, and at the moment the Chair announced it I
made another objection. Gentlemen all around
me heard it.
Mr. PAINE. I certainly heard it.
Mr. LETCHER. Is this matter debatable?
The CHAIRM YN. The Chair would state
to the gentleman from Illinois, that he did not
In-ar (he objection; and the reason perhaps was,
that ih« Ch ur was under the impression that this
was one of the bills which the gentleman desired
to take up and have action upon. If gentlemen
around the gentleman from Illinois state that the
gentleman did make objection to the considera-
tion of ihr hill before the gentleman from Indiana
tv\rs ivro^niz<'d, tin* Chan will so decide.
Mr. nous 1 ON. I suppose, if evidence is to
'« «• f-dvon upon on" side, evidence can be taken
i:po i the other. Now, the gentleman from Indi-
cia s lys lie was recognized before any objection
v.M5 .oade Then, as a jury, we must determine
1 j• • w ve >vill decide it.
The CHAIRMAN. Rut the gentleman from
AU:>anm will see that the testimony he states
upon one s;de is negative testimony. If forty
g-i'il' inen say ihcy did not hear the objection,
and \v< ntythat tiieydid hear it, the twenty state
a positive fact, while the forty a negative.
Mr. i tOCJS TON. i say it is not. negative tes-
timony. The gentleman from Indiana states af-
firmatively that no objection was made. He said
that he had the floor immediately after the an-
nouncement by the Chair upon the bill before
anything was done.
^ Mr. McMULLlN. The committee and the ,
Chair will remember that the other day I stated
o, '.i tin- floor of the House that I objected to a
s>.!i. 1 he Speaker decided that he did not hear
on-; and although two or three members testified
Jo tii" (act, the Speaker did not decide to receive
.<• (> j.-ctmn, but refused. If that was a right
tic cmm.u fjus case should be governed by it.
i he r? AUvM AN. It was not in the province
of \iu; Chair to assign the floor, so as to cut off
any gentleman from the privilege of objecting to
the consideration of a bill. If the Chair had pro-
corded, after any gentleman had objected to the ,
bib, and ass «rned "the iloor to another gentleman '
the Chair wauld, according to the opinion he now
entertains, have denied ton member of this House
a pi ivile're to which he is entitled under the rules.
Mr. DCJNN. I think I can place this thing
precisely ri^ht.
Mr. KENNETT. I rise to a point of order,
and I make it under the decision of the Chair. It
is, that it was the right of every member of this
House, when the bill was called in its place upon
the Calendar, to object to its being considered;
and if such objection was made——
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides upon
the statements made, that objection has been
made to the consideration of the bill; and the
question which the committee is to decide is,
" Shall this bill be laid aside?"
Mr. KENNETT. I have not concluded my
point of order.
Mr. DUNN. I beg the indulgence of gentle-
men a single moment. I can put this thing right.
As I said, in the point of order stated a moment
ago, no objection can be entertained to a bill until
j it is properly before the House. It is not before
the House for objection, or any other purpose,
until it is announced by the Chair. Now, sir,
the gentleman from Illinois is right when he says
he objected, and there were others who objected.
Mr. KENNETT. I insist upon my point of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order, and so dccided before the point of
order was raised.
Mr. KENNETT. The gentleman from In-
diana is not in order in arguing the point.
Mr. DUNN. I suppose I am entitled to the
same indulgence as the gentleman upon the other
side. I rise to set afact right about which there j
is a misunderstanding. I take it that, if the gen- |
tleman from Illinois, or any other gentleman, i
raised the cry of " I object at a time which is j
too soon, it came before the bill itself was an- i
nounced.
Mr. KENNETT. I am compelled to insist on
my point of order, and that the gentleman cannot
go on to argue this matter. The Chair has de-
cided that the gentleman from Illinois had a right
to object the moment the bill was named. He
did object, and moved to set it aside. I therefore
insist on that motion.
Mr. DUNN. When is a bill named—when it
is read by its number, or when the substance of
it is announced ?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from In-
diana will recollect that the gentleman from Illi-
nois stated that he objected both before and after
the bill was read by its title.
Mr. DUNN. And instantly on the conclusion
of the bill being read by its title, I was recognized
by the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. Rut the gentleman from
Indiana will remember further, that the Chair
holds it to be his duty to allow an objection when
it is made in proper time.
Mr DUNN. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON called for tellers.
Tellers wore ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to ask the
'Chair this question: do I understand the Chair
| as deciding that a member has the right to object
' after another has got the floor?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair says that, if
a gentleman rises immediately on the naming of
a bill, and proposes to object, and the Chair cuts
him out of that right by assigning the floor to
another, the objection must be received.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I wish to ask the
Chair this question: whether an objection is good
from a member sitting in his seat, or whether he
must rise from his seat, and be recognized?
The CHAIRMAN. The rules of the House
do not state whether objection is to be made by
rising or otherwise.
Mr. ORR. I move that the committee do now
rise; and I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Orr, and
Bennett of New York, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 39, noes 83.
So the committee refused to rise.
j The question recurred on the appeal from the
; decision of the Chair, on which tellers had been
ordered.
Messrs. H. Marshall, and Jokes of Tennes- j
see, were appointed. !i
The committeedivided; and the tellers reported
—fayes 85, noes 21; no quorum voting.
The roll was called; and the following named
members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs, Aiken, Altera, Allison, Ball, Barclay, Barksdale,
Bell, Billinghurst, Boyce, Bradshaw, Branch, Burnet*, John
P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chngman, Howell Cobb,
Cox, Craige, Cuilen. Davidson, Jacob C. Davis, Timotlh
Davis. Denver, Dp Witt, Dowdell, DarlVr. Edi". Edmui'd-
!>on, Elliott, Em^ie, English, Etheudyc," E'1-tw, Evnn^,
Faulkner, Foster, Ilenry M. Fullej. Ga'ilovv.u*, Game!!,
Giddmgs, Grow, Herbert, Hickman, Hoffman, Thomas U.
Ilorton^ Jeweu, J. Glancy Jones, Koitt, K.dwell. Kuowl-
ton, Kunkel, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Matteson, Smith Miller, Morrison, Andrew Oli-
ver. Mordeeai Oliver, Packer, Peuree, Pulton, Phelps,
Powell, Purvianee. Reado, Ready, Rieaud, Ritchie, Rivers,
Robison, Rust, Seward, Sheiman, Samuel A Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Swopo, Tnpp , Vail,
Valk.Watkms.Warner, Wcleli, Wells, Wheeler, Whitney,
and John V. Wnglit.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the subjects referred to it, and finding itself with-
out a quorum, had caused the roll to be called,
and the absentees to be noted, and had directed
him to report the names of the absentees to the
House.
A quorum having appeared, the committee re-
sumed its session.
TheCHAIRMAN. The question is, "Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?" on which tellers have been
ordered.
Mr. QUITMAN moved that the committee
rise; and on that question demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson
and Stranahan were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes 77; no quorum voting.
The roll was again called; and the following
named members failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Aiken, Akers, Ball, Barclay, Barksdale, Bell,
Billinghurst, Boyce, Branch, Burnett. James II Campbell,
John P. Campbell, Clingman, Howell Cobb, Cox, Craige,
Cuilen, Davidson, Jacob C. Davu>, Timothy Davis,'Denver,
Dp Witt, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, EduiuruUon, Elliott, Em-
ne, Ethendge, Eustis, Faulkner, Foster, flcniy I\I. Fuller,
Tliomas J. L). Fuller, Galloway, Garnett, Giddmgs, Green-
wood, Grow, Herbert, Ilickman, Hofiman, Thomas R.
Ilorton, Jewett, J. Glancy Jones,, Keitt, Kidwell, Knowl-
ton, Kunkel, Lake, L'-iter, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matron, McQueen, Mom^on,
Andrew Oliver, Mordeeai Oliver. Oir, Packer, Pearee. Pel-
ton. Phelps, Powell, Purvianee, Reade, Ready, Rieaud,
Ritchie, Rivers, RobUon, Rim, Seward, ShermuftpSaniuel
A. Smith, William R. Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Svvope,
Thuiston, Trippe, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Walker, War-
nei, Watkms, Watson, Welch, Wells, Wheeler, vVlntney,
Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had,according to order, had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the subjects
referred to it, and finding itself without a quorum,
had caused the roll to be called, and directed him
to report the names of the absentees to the House.
A quorum having appeared, the committee
again resumed its sitting. $
The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the motion to rise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Objection is
withdrawn to the rising of the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
the motion will be considered as agreed to.
There was no objection.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Bocock reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the subjects referred to it, and had conie to no
resolution thereon.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILLS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
suspend the rules that I may introduce the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union be discharged fiom the fuitherconsideration of
the bill of the House (No. 295) to continue the improvement
of the Capo Fear river, North Carolina, and that the House
proceed to its consideration, and that wh«n so under con-
sideration it shall be in order to submit an amendment
thereto, embracing similar provisions for vauous other rivers
and haibors.
Mr. LETCHER moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope that mo-
tion will not be agreed to, but that the House will
proceed to the consideration of the several appro-
priation bills.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House now
