1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
847
adjourns, will not the motion to suspend the rules
be the first business in order in the morning?
The SPEAKER. U will come up as the un-
finished business of to-day.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to adjourn.
The House divided on the demand forthe yeas
and nays; and there were 24 in the affirmative,
96 in the negative.
' The Speaker voted in the affirmative.
Se-thfTyeas and nays were^Ordered. '
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 65;as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright. Barbour, Ilcnry Bennett, Bliss,
Broom. Buffinton, Buriingame, OadwaldMor, Ezra Clark,
Ciawson, Coi.ax, Covode, Cra«in, C'unibaek, Day, Dick
Dodd, Erorie, Flagler, Goode, Granger, Harlan, I-Iarr^on,
Hodges, Valentine 13. Norton,George W. Jones, Kelly. Kel-
sey, Kennett, Knox, Letcher, l.indU-v, Mace, MeCarty,
MeMullin, Killian Miller, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Molt,
Nichols, Norton, Parker, Perry, Porter, Pringle, Puiviance,
Puiyear, Q,uitmn.n, Roberts, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Savage,
Scott, Sherman, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stran-
ahamThorington, Trai'tori, Tyson, Walbridgo, Cadwalader
C. Washbume, Ellitiu B. Wasliburne, I&iaei Washburn,
Williams, Woodruff, Wood worth, and Daniel B. Wright—
71.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Allison,Ball, Hendley S. Bennett,
Benson, Bishop, Boeock, Bowie, Brenton, James II. Camp-
bell, Lewis D. Campbell, (Jarlile, Caruthers, Caskie, Chaf-
fee, Bayard Clarke, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Comins,
Craige, Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Dickson, Dunn,Durree,
Florence, Galloway, Gilbert, J. Morrison Horns Sampson
W. Hams, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Houston, Howard,
flughston, King, Knapp, Knight, Kunkel,Lake, Humphrey
Marshall, Maxwell. Smith Miller, Million, Milhvard, Mur-
ray, Paine, Peek, Pennington, Pike. Uobhins, Rnffin, San-
didge, Simmons, Stewart, Tappan, Taylor, Thurston. Todd,
Underwood, Wade, Wakeman, Waldron, Walker, Wood,
and ZoSlicoffer—G5.
So the motion was agreed to; and the House
(at aquarter past five o'clock, p m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 24, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the^enate, information in relation to the dis-
position of the lands owned by the United States,
in Chelsea, Massachusetts, which were author-
ized to be sold by the act of March 3,1855; which
was read, and, on motion of Mr. Wilson, was
ordered to lie on the*table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting a report from the Attorney General, in
reply to the resolution of the Seriate of the 20th
instant, asking for the correspondence of Samuel
D. Lecompte, chief justice of the Territory of
Kansas; which was, on motion of Mr. Weller,
ordered to lie ^the table, and be printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill from the House of Representatives
(No. 527) for the relief of Whitemarsh B. Sea-
brook and others, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS-
Mr. WELLER presented the memorial of
Oliver Evans Wood, praying that an appropria-
tion may be made to enable hhn to put into oper-
ation his plan for the safe and prompt delivery
of letters sent by mail to the floating population
on the Pacific coast; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DODGE presented a petition of A. B.
Slaughter and others, for the establishment of a
mail route from Muscoda to Lacross, in Wiscon-
sin; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Pie also presented a memorial of the Legislature
of Wisconsin, praying for an appropriation to
build a post office and United States court-house
at Madison, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce,
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of Albert
Boschke, civil engineer, for the purchase of a
number of copies of his topographical map of the
city of Washington; which was referred to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the memorial of
Jabez M. Woodward, claiming to be the origina-
tor of steam mail service between the Atlantic
and Pacific States, praying that the contract for
carrying the mail for the next ten years from
New York to San Francisco may be awarded to
him; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Nancy
Fisher, one of the heirs of John and Sarah Chisom,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
petition of a committee of the Corporation of
Washington, reported a bill (S. No. 625) ceding
to the Corporation of Washington certain public
ground for market purposes, and granting powers
relating thereto; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the following bills,
reported thorn without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 516) for the relief of William
L. Oliver;
A bill (H. R. No. 534) forthe relief of William
Walton, a soldier of the war of 1812;
A bill (H. R. No. 288) for the relief of Isaac P.
Washburne; and
A bill (H. R. No. 517) granting a pension to
Franklin W\ Armstrong, of Hardin county, Ken-
tucky.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, to whom was referred the peti-
tion of Nathaniel P. Swan, submitted an adverse
report; which was concurred in, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims, to whom was referred the memorial
of the heirs of Daniel Trueheart, have instructed
me to make an adverse report. I wish to state
that this memorial has been fifteen years before
Congress; there have been several adverse reports
on it, both in the House of Representatives and
in the Senate; but they failed to he acted on, and
consequently the papers have been withdrawn,
and referred again to the committee. Iwish the*
report to be acted on now.
The report was agreed to, and ordered to be
printed.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, an<M>y unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No. 624)
to apportion the clerks in the several Departments
of the Government among the States and Terri-
tories, according to Federal population; which was
referied to the Committee on Finance.
JOSEPH RICHARDS.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up for consideration two little
bills which have been reported from the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims, to the passage
of which I think there can be no possible objec-
tion. One is to authorize the issue of a bounty
land warrant. It is a case clearly coming within i
the equity of the law. The other is to refund
$200 that have been in the Treasury for a num-
ber of years, which were paid by a private land
claimant. I ask first to take up the bill (H. R.
No. 225) for the relief of Joseph Richards, of
Berks county, Pennsylvania.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Commissioner of
Pensions to issue to Joseph Richards, legal rep-
resentative of Henry Hutchinson, late a private
in company B, fourth regiment of United States
artillery, a land warrant in lieu of a warrant issued
the 27th of May, 1848, in the name of Henry
Hutchinson, for one hundred and sixty acres,
No. 16,596, which was issued subsequent to the ;
death of Hutchinson. The original warrant is
to be delivered and canceled before the new one
shall be issued in the name of Richards; and sat-
isfactory proof is to be filed in the office of the
Commissioner of Pensions that Joseph Richards
is entitled to receive the warrant as devisee and
representative of Henry Hutchinson. :
Mr. STUART. I should like to inquire of the
honorable Senator from North Carolina if this
bill proposes to issue a land warrant to the repre-
sentative of a deceased person who died before
the first warrant was issued ?
Mr. BIGGS. Yes, sir. 1 will state to the
honorable Senator from Michigan the facts of the
ease. Hutchinson was a foundling; he was raised
by Richards, in whose name this warrant is now
to issue. He enlisted in the war with Mexico;
came back broken down in constitution; was
taken care of by Richards; and during the time
he was there he made his application for a bounty-
land warrant. He made ins will,and devised his
property to Richards. Richards took care of him
for a considerable length of time. He devised by
his will all his property to Richards, and the
warrant issued after his death. This bill is to
enable the warrant first issued to be canceled for
the warrant which this bill authorizes.
Mr. STUART. There may be some special
circumstances about this case which I have not
j heard; but the subject is an old one; it has been
| considered by the Committee on Public Lands
' ever since 1 have had any connection with it. It
was discussed at great length in 1855, on the
bounty land bill; and the Senate, at that time,
sustained the views adopted by the committee,
and decided, that where an individual died after
his application had been made for a bounty land
warrant, and before the warrant issued, it should
not issue, and become a part of his estate. As
the law now stands, if the warrant is issued be-
fore he dies, although it is regarded as a persona!
bounty, it becomes a part of his estate. If the
Senate is disposed to change this rule upon gen-
eral principles, very well; but I do not sec any-
thing in this case that makes it an exception more
than any other case that may arise. [lore is a
man having no family, no heirs, who devised his
property—this warrant among the rest—to a
friend with whom lie lived, and died. The war-
rant did not issue until after his death. By the
present law, and by that law as determined after
a careful examination of the question by the Sen-
ate, he is not entitled to it. It seems to me that
it is only necessary to ascertain what is to be the
sense of the Senate upon this question, bec^frse,
as I said, the facts of the case do not differ Irom
a thousand others or more, and therefore 1 desire
to have a vote of the Senate on the question, that
we may be able to understand what is to be the
rule.
Mr. FOOT. I am myself, and have been from
the beginning, rather inclined to favor applications
of this character. I am in favor of the principle
involved in this bill; but, as has been said by the
honorable Senator from Michigan, two yeais ago,
when the Committee on Public Lands had the
whole subject of bounty lands under considera-
tion, this principle was fuily discussed and con-
sidered, and finally rejected by the committee. It
was offered in the form of an amendment 10 the
bill before the Senate, and on full consideration
it was rejected by the Senate.
I have several applications in the form of peti-
tions from the lepiescntatives of personsd« cea^rd,
who made applications for bounty land, and to
whom warrants were issued on such application;
but they died before the warrants were issut d In
all those cases those warrants or certificates have
been canceled at the office. In consequence of
this decision by the Committee on Public Lands,
and more especially in view of the decision, on
full consideration by the Senate itself, I have re-
frained in all such cases from presenting the peti-
tions which have been sent to me. Hosvever, if
the Senate see fit now to pass this bill, thus rec-
ognising the principle, I shall feel it due to myself,
and in justice to those petitioners under like cir-
cumstances, to present their cases for the favor-
able consideration of the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. As this bill relates to one
of my constituents of the good county of B< rks,
I must say that I think it is an exceptional case;
and although I may not feel inclined to favor the
principle which may be supposed to be involved
in it, I think this bill ought to pass. It lias re-
ceived the sanction of the House of Representa-
tives, and of a committee of this body. They
put it on the ground, 1 understand,that there are
peculiar circumstances connected with this case,
which ough to secure the passage of the bill.
The facts which make it an exceptional case are
j stated, 1 believe, in the report. 1 have great con-
| fidence in the committee which reported it, espe-
cially in the member of the committee from
North Carolina, [Mr. Biggs,] who has examined
the ease, and says the bill ought to pass.
