m
TffE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
Mr. WILSON". I see nothing in ibis ease, be-
cause it happens to come from old Democratic
BjiIjs, that makes it an exception to the general
UMr. BRODHEAD. I do not put it on that
ground.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator says lie docs not
put'it on that ground. I do not sec any other.
'As has been stated by the Senator from Vermont
of himself, I have had several petitions in cases
of this kind; I have had several letters in regard
to them. I received a letter a day or two ago
from Mr. Rockwell, my predecessor on this
floor, urging that this law ought to be amended,
and pointing to a very strong case which hap-
pened in his neighborhood, i received a letter a
few days ago in regard to a revolutionary claim
of this character. I hope we shall have no spe-
cial legislation on the subject. If it is necessary
to do anything, let us pass a general law. I hope
this bill will not be passed.
Mr. BEN'JAMIN. As there seems to be some
discussion on this principle which can be ill af-
forded at this period of the session, l move the
postponement of the bill, with a view to take up
the report of the special committee appointed by
the Senate for revising the 34ih rule. That is a
privileged question, which oturlit to be disposed
of at ouec. 1 move that the farther considera-
tion of the bill now before the Senate be post-
poned until Friday, which is private bill day.
The motion was agreed to.
COMMITTEES OF THE SENATE.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
reported by him on the 17th instant:
Resolved, That the following bo substituted for the 34th
rule of the Senate, to take effect froui and alter the expir-
ation of the present tes> ion 01 Congress :
Hule 34. Tne following standing committees shall be ap-
pointed at the conitnunoement of each session, with leave
to report by bill ui otherwise:
Ax*^JHimntoc on Foreign Relations, to consist of seven
meimTei\s,
A 6<>iinnittee on Finance, to consist of seven members.
A tJomnuttee on Commerce, to consist of seven mem-
bers.
A Committee on Military Affairs and Militia, to consist
Of five meitjbctb.
A Committee on Naval Affairs, to consist of fivo mem
bers.
A Committee on the Judiciary, to consist of seven mem-
bers.
_ A Committee on the To.st Office and Po^t llo.nl*. to con-
stat of si'ven ineinb.'w.
A Committee ou t'ublie Larnk, to cotism of >even mem-
bers.
A Committee on Pnvatc hand Claims to constat of five
members.
A Committee on radian Affairs, to coriMst of seven mem- .
beis.
A Commute!! on Pensions and Revoiutjonaiy Claims, to :
coismj.1 of five members.
A Committee on Claims, to eont-iptof five member?. <
A Committee on the District of Columbia, to eonsrst of t
eeven members. >
A Committee on Patents and the Patent Office, ) con- j
fUtoi five members. j
A Committed on Public Buildings and Ground' to con- 1
sist of-fivo members, who shall have power also to act I
jointly with the same committee of the House of Reore- I
sentattves. ^ j
A Committee on Tcrutories, to consist of seven mem- !
A Committee on the Library, to constat of five members. !
A Committee to Audit and Control tne Contingent E\*- '
pensesot the Seimie, to coiwist of five members to whom 1
Biiall be interred all resolutions directing the pajmentol' 1
money out ot the continent fund of the Senate. or ere- :
alius a vharge on the same.
cons,st ofthree members, !
nnhll,^? reform! vvoty question on tile printing !
of the orothcr inattoa tiausiuitted by either 1
ottbebja-cutoni Departments, and all n.einonals.petiti'Mis I
Se D'Sf^li?U!'le'.'tfl',,i0seth,,rn,u, all othe? matte? i
pm-ifn " m r S e moved, excoprmsj; bilteoii- 1
gm.uiu„ in Congress, resolutions offered by any Senator !
bvurdtr o?Vlt * ® rJ?peel,v« Stat0s> and motion, to punt
ov omtr of tltt s-tnudmg comimueet-of the Senate Mn I
to""r sltflH bc referred i
co ..aid i ommittre , ,ind when the report shall he in tavor 1
of pi mtmy additional numbers, it shall be accompanied bv <
an e*ftnrue of the probable cost; and it shall bp the dnrv 1
otsueh Committee on Pinning to reprm, m everyV.^em .
one day, or sooner, it practicable; the aa.'d oo,m„m4 sin :
?I„o J-upe.v./e ami dueet the pmeoring 01 maps a",i \ii!m" !.
iSi -x In- (l0f,«'nents ordered to be. printed !:
A Comniiuee on ICn^iosj-ed BilU, to consist of three mem '
m(mt duty lt bc to examine all biib, amend i
muit>, resolu ions, or motions, before they go out of the :
po^e.:-cion or the Senstr; and &iuH deliver the same to the !
secretary ot the Senate, who .hall enter upon the Jour™ !
that tiic same have Iwu correctly ensrroj-sed. ' i
ber- t*,*umm*lIee 011 Enrolled Biita, to consist of three mem-.!
Bacil of the foregoing committees shall be entitled to j
I employ a cleik. with the exception of the following, which
II shall not be entitled to a clerk, viz:
'j 1. Thf C3oninutt.'e on Patents and the Patent Office.
2 Thi Committee on Public Building tend Giounds.
jl 3. Tne Committee to Audit and Control the Contingent
,t E\pcn"e,s of the Senate.
ii 4. The Committee on the Library.
|j 5. Tiie Committee on Eu^io^ed Kills.
6. The Committee on Cuiolied Bills.
i| The clerks ot tin-4 Committees on Finance, Piintiojr, and
! j Claims shall be peruiuneut clerk.-, at a salary ot $1,800 per
annum.
' '"lie clerks employed by all the other committees shall
!j receive a eomp<1ov>ation ot dollar-, pei diem duimg the
i, time o^ then actual employm-'iit, and at the elo.o of the
:! M'vond s^iou of ea^'h Compress thall entitled to an
j < \tia compi n.-ation, eijual to the amount of their pei diem
[I for Hxty days.
j! Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say a few words for
i g&cpose of putting the Senate in possession
of the modifications which have been made in the
34th rule by the committee, in order that the ques-
tion may be understood by members who may
think proper to give me their attention.
In reorganizing the committees, we have con-
sidered that some were useless to the Senate as
standing committees, in consequence of the very
limited number of reports or bills acted on by
them for some sessions past. The Committee on
Manufactures is discontinued as a standing com-
mittee; the Committee on Agriculture is discon-
tinued as a standing committee; the Committee
on Roads and Canals is discontinued; and the
Committee on Retrenchment is discontinued. I
The subject of the mihtia is added to that of mil-
itary affairs, so that there will be but one com-
mittee for the future on military affairs and the
militia. The subject of revolutionary claims
is committed to the Committee on Pensions, as
being subjects entirely germane, and which ought
to be confided to one committee. These are all j
the changes made in relation to the business of '
the committees. j
As regards the number of members, the special i
committee came to the conclusion that it was in- j
judicious to have any committee to consist of an |
even number; that it was always better there
should be a majority report from a committee;
and consequently some of the committees which
.formerly consisted of six members are now made
to ^consist of seven; and other committees are
reduced to five members, according as it seemed
to the special committee that the business of the !
country would be better dispatched. We have '
reported in favor of paving woven members on all (
committees which embrace subjects where the j
interests of the (hflerent sections of the Union j
maybe supposed to be diversified, and whoio, I
eonsequenliy, it is proper that each portion of the i
Lnioi) should be represented on a committee; and :
we have fu/ther augmented the number of teem- '
bers of those committees which embrace subjects |
of^ a party character, or where party politics ;j
nvght seem to^require a fair representation of the
difterent political parties of the country. The
Committees, consequently, of Foreign Relations, !;
of Finance,^ of Commerce, of the Judiciary, of i-
th.? Post Ofiice and Post Roads, of Public Lands, ||
of mdian Allan's, of the District of Columbia, n
and of Territories, are made to consist of seven 'j
members each. All the other committees are H
of_live, with the exception of the Committee on i'
Printing, I believe, which consists of three mem- 1;
mittees on Patents and the Patent Office, on the
Public Buildings and Grounds, on Contingent
Expenses, on the Library, and on Engrossed and
Enrolled TJills. The compensation allowed to the
cieiksof the committees is the same as that here-
tofore allowed; but m view of the long recess that
ensues on our adjournment at the short session,
it was deemed proper to allow some extra com-
pensation at the close of that session for the clerks
of committees, to assist them during the long
recess when they -receive nothing. During the
short session they receive six dollars a day. They
are employed but ninety or a hundred days, and
we propose to allow compensation for sixty days
extra at the ck)se of the short session.
These are the only changes made by the com-
mittee, and I submit them to the Senate. I will,
however, in behalf of the committee, move two
tiiilmg amendments. The clerks to the Commit-
tee on Finance, on Printing, and on Claims, by
this report, are to be at a salary of $1,860 a year.
That is a mistake, and I move to strike out
" sixty" and insert <{ fifty." One thousand eight
hundred and fifty dollars is the salary of the clerks
in the Secretary's off.ee, and this salary was in-
tended to be put at the same rate. I move, there-
fore, to sUike out " sixty" and insert " lifty." I
shall further move at the end of the words " actual
employment" to add " Sundays included," so
that there may be no misinterpietalion of that
clause.
Mr. GREEN. I think this report does not em-
brace all that should be embraced in it. From
my little experience, f am satisfied that the Com-
mittee on Pensions has a very large amount of
labor, and ought to have more than five members
It receives business from all parts of the Union.
More than that, as this Senate is about to expire,
and as nearly one third of it will be renewed
after the 4th of March, I think the reorganiza-
tion of the committees and the provision for the
employment of permanent and temporary clerks
ought to be postponed, and for that reason I
move to lay the whole subject on the table.
The motion was not agieed to.
Mr, "VVELLER. I should !i k(> my friend from
I Louisiana to give me some reason'for reducing
j the number of members of the Committee oil
Military Affairs from six to five.
I Mr. BEXJAMIjN. I stated, in the opening
; remarks which I made oil the report, that the spe-
i cial committee determined to make the commit-
] tees of the Senate consist of odd numbers, so that
' there could always be a majority report from a
! committee. Some were increased to seven; and
i where the business of the committee appeared to
us to be such as to give use to 110 sectional con-
' troversies 01* party o^estions, we thought five
would be a moie efficient number. We are per-
fectly willing that any committee shall have seven
members, if that number should be preferred. In
cases where controversies mighLjMise 0f a sec-
tional character, or embracing political topics, all
parties ought to be^ represented. The military
has never been considered a subject of that kind,
and we thfmght five would be more efficient. If
the Senator prefers seven, I suppose there will
not be a dissentient voice.
Mr. WELLER. I prefer that number. Asa
matter of course, it will not affect me, but! speak
oers only, ana tne Committees on Engrossed and ,j of the business before the committee.
Enrolled ijills, where three members oie supposed '
to be sufficient. These are the only changes made,
as regards the organization of the Senate com-
mittees, then* business, or their number.
On the subject ot clerks, the special committee
had some difficulty. There are now but three
clerks permanently employed by the committees
of the Senate. On a review of our business, we
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will move
to insert seven, I shall not object.
_ Mr. WELLER. I move to amend the resolu-
tion so as to provide for seven members of the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The PRESlDENT/>ro tempore. The first ques-
{ tion is on the amendments proposed by the Sen-
. . . . / - j ator from Louisiana; the first of which is to strike
came to the conclusion that those three clerks m out 4,1,800 and insert si,850, in the clause stated
ought to be continued 011 then* present footing, jl by him,
ut that their salaries ought to be made equal. j| The amendment was agreed to.
Une of them receives, through some mistake of The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The second
egis.atiun 1 believe, some two or three hundred ; amendment of the Senator from Louisiana is,
! dollars per annum more than the other two, and
| his compensation is therefore to be reduced, so as
; to he the same as that of the other two. These
] three are considered by your special committee
as the only committees properly entitled to a per-
manent clerk. ^ Ail the remaining committees are
provKied by this report with one clerk to act durinn-
the sessions of Congress, with the exception of
six; and for those six the special committee could
see no necessity for clerks. They are the Com-
after the word "employment," to insert "Sun-
days included."
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move to lay this sub-
ject on the table for the present. We have other
business of more importance to attend to.
The motion was ag-reed to; there being, on a
division—ayes 23, noes 19.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I give notice that I shall
call this subject up to-morrow morning, that Sen-
ators may inform themselves about it.
