850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
and steamboat course, with which the country-
goes in reference to these matters, and by the aid
'of southern gentlemen here, these results are
brought about. It seems to be the progress of
things, and it appears to be useless to complain.
Like one of your large steamers down on thaBis-
gissippi, you may cry "There is a man overboard^'
■ but the boat never stops to inquire about him.
[Laughter.] These Minnesota men, -when they
get here, and see my friend from Michigan, and
my friend from Iowa, struck down, will grapple
.up their bones from the sand, and make handles
out of them for knife-blades to cut the throats of
their southern brethren. I want no Minnesota
Senators.
I am against the bill because we have enough
of that influence in the councils of the nation
already. I am aware that on the vote taken on
Saturday I stood by myself on this bill. I rep-
resent my own personal independence and views,
.and I think I represent the good sense of the
people of the State of Kentucky. I have often,
heretofore, expressed my views in reference to the
effect of the acquisition of territory. The tel-
egraph conveys tons, in the morning papers, the
information that another treaty has been made
witli Mexico for additional territory. Are we to
have other territory annexed to us? I hope not;
I thought the Gadsden purchase was to be the
last. I know some men talk about annexing
Canada and all New Prance; but I hope that,
when they come in, wo shall go out. I do not
wish to have any more of Mexico annexed, un-
less you annex it by a treaty so controlling its
regulations and municipal institutions as to erect
it into a slave State. The equilibrium in the Sen-
ate is destroyed already. There is now an odd
number of States, and the majority is against the
slaveholding States. I want no hybrid, speckled,
mongrels from Mexico, who are free-State people.
It is bad enough to have them from Now England,
Christianized and civilized as they are. Our action
in regard (o purchasing territory in somewhat
curious. We do not more than half pay the In-
dians for their land; m fact, wc cheat tliem out
of it; and they arc disappearing as the snmvfadrs
before (lie fane of day. After having done that,
you are to get up Territories and new States, and
by all sorts of artifieiajexcitemimtforcejjito them
a population from all tiurope—men that do not
suit you 01- me, sir; and yet men to whom you
propose to give land for nothing. More of these
men land at the port of Now York1 every year
than tho whole nnmbeu,of the population of the
State of Florida qr thelState of Arkansas.
I am against giving power to such people in
this way. My notion of governing the Territo-
ries is, that they ought to be governed by a pro-
consul, and pa^ tribute to Cresar. 1 would not
puff them up with Treasury pap or plunder in the
way of public lands, like <ui Austrian horse that
is sleek and bloated with puff, instead of real
fat and strength, by putting arsenic in his food.
Are you to stall-feed the people in these Terri-
tories ? No, sir. I would treat them differently.
Like boys that get too big for their breeches,
they ought to have rigid discipline administered
to them; tftey ought to be made to know their
place, and constrained to keep it. We are told
of there being two hundred thousand people in
Minnesota. 1 do not care if there are five hun-
dred thousand. They went there in the way I
have stated, and I do not intend to go out of my
way to give them power.
I have other reasons for opposing this bill, and
they are reasons growing out of the geography
and the law of the case. Minnesota is undoubt-
edly a portion of the Louisiana purchase. By
reference to the laws of the United States, (Bio-
ren & Duane's edition, vol. 1, pp. 435, 4.36, 437,
et seq.,) it will be found that the eastern boundary
established by the treaty of Paris of the 10th
I'ebruary, 1763, was " by aline drawn along the
middle of the river Mississippi, from its source
to the river Iberville." The southern boundary
this time was the Gulf of Mexico and Mexico.
The northern and western boundary wasnot fixed
by any definite line, but was governed entirely
oy the law of nations as to discovery and occu-
pancy. This would have given the northern
boundary as follows; " The highlands which sep-
'arate the head waters of the streams bearing
south and emptying into the Gulf of Mexico from
the streams bearing north and emptying into the
Hudson's Bay." The northern boundary line
was never determined until the treaty of 1818,
which fixed it at 490 north latitude to the Rocky
Mountains. The western boundary was New
Mexico and the Rocky Mountains, although we
alleged that the boundary extended to the Pacific,
so as to include Oregon. By the treaty of 1846
the boundary was continued "west on the parallel
of 49° fromJjfae Rocky Mountains to the Pacific.
Mr. HUOTER. 1 must throw myself on the
courtesy of my friend from Kentucky to allow me
to make a report from a committee.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I cannot
stand that. I never disturb the Senator, and I
hope he will not interfere with me. I am some-
what attached to the Old Dominion, from which
he comes; and he will understand that I decline
to yield the floor from no personal discourtesy to
him. My mother and rny father were Virginians.
My maternal and paternal grandfathers were offi-
cers in the revolutionary army from Virginia. I
reverence that old Commonwealth; but the way
things are now going on, the day will come when
there will be more pine fields upon worn out land
in Virginia, and more sedge grass than ever be-
| fore, simply because you are eternally p£ying
for land, ana then you offer it at half price ^ give
it away to the new States. This process acts as
a two-edged sword. You buy land from Indians
and sell it to Dutchmen and Irishmen. Not only
are the old States impoverished by this process,
but, I regret to say, long will be the day before
the proud Old Dominion will ever again wear the
purple. Though I am as averse to dying polit-
ically as most men are to dying naturally, it is
likely that I shall never live long enough to see a
Virginian wear the purple. The progress of
events forbids its.
I have stated to the Senate my understanding
,of the boundaries of the Louisiana Territory as
ceded by Prance. I have before me an extract
from the introduction to the volume of land laws
compiled in virtue of a resolution of Congress of
27th of April, 1810, in which it is stated:
" The United Hi,He-, by tlic treaty ol 1803, uilb Prance,
acquired t.oiii-iaira, without any dir"et ilelinuioii ot' its!
t boiindnric-, tint mllv, ami in Ihe cimc manner, as if hud
! been neijuited by i'Vincir Itom Spam, in vnlti>' of the tiealy
ot" St. Jhte'onso, ofttle lM of October, J800. liv this treaty
Spain had ict.oceded Louisiana to Fiance,' Willi the same
extent ibat it then had in tin; hands of tfpain, ami that it
hart vviu'ii France possessed it, and .--itch ;>; it should bo
attei the treaties subsequently euteied into between Spam
and oilier Slates.'"
1 shall not detain the Senate by going over
the question, what were the boundaries of New
Mexico as it ran out to the southwest? because
that was sufficiently discussed when wc talked
about Chihuahua and Coahuila in the late Mex-
ican controversy; nor do I desire to mix it up
with our treaties with Great Britain in reference
to the northwestern boundary. I say that here
is a grant describing the ceded country, and it is
the only definite description you can get. It is
like an open line in a survey. That line makes
the Louisiana cession include the Mississippi up
to its head, with all the waters that run into it.
Going up to the head of the Mississippi accoiding
to that grant, it runs up beyond the western end
of Lake Superior. When you run up to the
headwaters, you must take in the highlands, as
in the country they take a dividing ridge as a
boundary. Then you pass up the Platte and the
Missouri,striking across to the Rocky Mountains.
The Louisiana cession included all this vast
country, and undoubtedly included Kansas and
Nebraska, and a large portion of Minnesota.
Taking this to be a fixed fact, as a geographical
question, how does this case stand? This, it
seems to me, under th^ treaty of Louisiana, is
incontestably slave territory. I have voted for
compromise lines. I voted for the Kansas bill,
and I am sorry that I ever did so, for it seems
nothing can ever be settled in this country unless
it is making or breaking a compromise. The
treaty of purchase negotiated by Mr. Pinckney
and Mr, Monroe provided:
" The inhabitants of the ceded territory shall be incorpo-
rated in tho Union of the United States, and admitted as
soon as possible, according to tho principles of the Fcdeial
Constitution, to the enjoyment of all the rights, advantages,
and immunities of cuizcns of the United States; and m the
mean tune they shall be maintained and piotected m the
Iree enjoyment of their libeitv, property, and the religion
which they profess."
The Constitution of the United States and the
treaties under it being the supreme law of the
land, this stipulation gives the inhabitants of the
ceded territory the right to be protected in their
property until they come to be admitted as States.
While they areTerritories,Minnesota, Nebraska,
and Kansas are liable to have slaves taken there.
This I regard as a plain proposition of law; and
I would so decide if I were a member of the pal-
ladium of slavery, as the Senator from New Hamp-
shire [Mr. Hale] calls the Supreme Court. If I
were there, I should decide that we had made this
stipulation by solemn compact with Prance, and
we had no right to say that we would absolve
ourselves from the obligation; but it was a right
that attached to persons living in the Territories,
like villeinage to the freehold. I believe, as a
legal proposition under the Constitution and the
treaty, slaves may be held in these Territories.
I have alluded to the remark of the Senator
from New Hampshire in reference to the Supreme
Court. ' Sir, that court is a coordinate branch of
the Government. It is composed of old men, fee-*5
ble m power—learned men, venerable for their
learning, for their justice, and for their age. They
have no patronage, no power. They sit as the
expounders of the Constitution, the laws, and
treaties of the country—a tribunal that, from its
weakness, and from its respectability and learn-
ing, ought to be revered. Whenever they are
taunted and plucked by the beard, be certain, that
it is done by a barbarian Gaul who is invading
the precincts of the Capitol. Though they may
sit, like the Roman Senator did, in the forum,
when his beard was plucked, recollect that then
came the price of the freedom of Rome, it was
first the sword and then the foot of Brennus in
the scales that measured out justice, or what pur-
ported to be justice, between parties.
There is, Mr. President, a common popular
error upon the subject immediately before us. I
allude to the notion that we are bound peremp-
torily to admit a new State. What are the pro-
visions of the treaty of cession? That until the
ceded territory be admitted as States, the inhab-
itants shall have the immunities and rights of
other citizens. A majority of the States at that
time owned negroes, and their people had as
much right to own a negro as I have to own a
black horse or a black dog—a right never to be
affected until they came into the Union as sov-
ereign States. Is not this territory, covered by
that provision, slave territory to all intents and
purposes ? I do not believe in the notion that ws
are bound to admit a Territory as a State when
ever it applies. I know that one or two members
of Congress, to whom I have spoken, asked mo
whether, under the Constitution, we were not
forced to admit them? I say no. The Consti-
tution provides: " New States may be admitted
by the Congress into this Union; but no new State
shall be formed or erected within the jurisdiction
of any other State; nor any State be formed by
the junction of two or more States or parts of
States, without the consent of the Legislatures of
the States concerned, as well as of Congress."
The notion seetns to be entertained that when a
Territory contains a certain number of people you
must admit it as a State anyhow. I say it does
not depend on the numerical amount of people
there. I do not know whether they are Cana-
dians, or Dutch, or other refugees from Europe,
vagrants and vagabonds and speculators from all
parts of the earth. I know of no census which
justifies tho statement that there are two hundred
thousand people in Minnesota. I suppose it is
like every other new country which is settled up.
A man goes there, seizes a favorable locality, lith-
ographs a plan of a city, makes out harbors and
roads, and sends a flying fraud all over the coun-
try; and then comes to Congress to get appropri-
ations and get a new State made. The moment
you admit a Senator from this State he will be—
as most of these men are, (I say nothing about
anybody personally,) arrogant, assuming, pre-
tentious, Pree-Soilish, and Democratic. [Laugh-
ter.] He will set himself up as the emblem of
representative wisdom,like Pallas from the brain
of Jove, full-grown and panoplied for armor and
public plunder. He will ask for all manner of
appropriations you can imagine. The territorial
Delegates annoy us enough in the lobbies now,
and I do not want to have Senators here from
these places.
I do not think the Senator from Illinois should
be so anx,ious for the passage of this measure, l
