852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
ciple of the right of the people to form their in-
stitutions, and come into the Union on an equal
footing with every other State under the Consti-
tution.
Now, sir, I am told by the Senator from Ken-
tucky that a sufficient reason to vote against the
admission of a northern State is, that the souths
( ern, or slaveholding States, are in a minority in
this Union. Why are they a minority ? Simply
because of the territory acquired by our ances-
tors by the Revolution, more has been devoted
to free labor than to slave labor. Slavery has not
been abolished by act of the Federal Government
in any Territory or any State. Slavery has not,
in fact, been kept out of any Territory or State
by the act of the Federal Government. I am
aware, sir, that an act of Congress was passed
prohibiting slavery in Oregon, but it was never
passed here until six years after the people of
that Territory had excluded it by their own law,
unanimously adopted. So, Oregon was conse-
crated to freedom by the act of their local Legis-
lature six years before the Congress of the Uni-
ted States, by the Wilmot proviso, undertook to
do what had so long been done, and well done.
Mr.GREEN. Say"non-slavehoklingStates,"
instead of " free States."
Ml*. DOUGLAS. I am speaking of the tech-
nical sense in which men now use the words.
Sir, neither the North nor the South has a right
to complain, so far as any practisal result is con-
cerned, of either the extension or resistance of
slavery by act of Congress. Theoretically, the
South may complain because we prohibited it in
Oregon by act of Congress, and thus, to that
extent,showed a disposition to exercise a power
which was odious to them,and which, under the
principles of the Federal Government, had better
be left to the people of Oregon to decide for them-
selves. But practically it did not limit or extend
slavery, for the reason that it only affirmed what
had 'been done six years before by-the territorial,
or local Legislature.
Then, Mr. President, why should we get into
a sectional contest here between the North and
the South? Is it to be a struggle to keep up an
equilibrium between non-slaveholding and slave-
holding States ? Sir, J deny the power of this
Government to maintain any equilibrium"on the
subject. It is_ contrary to the prinri pits of the
Constitution; it is contrary to the principles of
the Nebraska bill; it is contrary to the principles
of the Democratic party; it is contrary to the
principles of State equality and self-government,
to attempt here to keep an equilibrium between
non-slaveholdingand slaveholding States, in order
that they may balance each other. Each State
has the right to do as it pleases; and I tell the
Senator from Kentucky that he lies no more right
to insist upon having Klavny tolerated in Mm- !
liesota, than I have to insist on having tkuery !
abolished in Kentucky. lie would be driven im- I
mediately to resistance —to revolution, before he I
would permit this Congress, or any other power i
outside of the State of Kentucky, to interfere
Willi her domestic and local institutions—to tell I
liar whether ske should use slave or free labor. ;
Then why attempt to interfere with any other j
State, or any other Territory or community, upon
that very subject on which ho is so sensitive, j
within the limits of his own State! j
Again, he tells us that he is opposed to so many ■
now States coming into the Union. He does not
like to have Senators from new Slates eomin" 111
and intruding themselves, and taking seats' by i
the side of us old Senators. Permit me to tell i
the Senator from Kentucky that it does not be- !
come either Kentucky or Illinois to object to new J
Senatois coming on this floor. JNVitiet the one '
nor the other belonged to the original thirteen !
States, as States. Kentucky was the first new |
State that enmo into the Union. Kentucky was :
the first State that sent two new Senators to lake '
seats beside the old Senators, in violation of that -
rule to which Kentucky's representative now i
clings with such tenacity.
iVlr. COLLAMEIi. It was ilrst admitted,ex-!
cent Vermont.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Vermont and Kentucky
came in as a sort of twins. Vermont has no
right to object to new Senators coming here, nor
ihas Kentucky, nor has any other new State, nor
has any old State of this Union. Sir, I hold that
o Senator from a new State has aj much right
here as one'from the original States. 1 hold that
our dignity, our rights, our privileges, our claims
to respect on this floor, are as sacred in the person
of a Senator from a new State, as of one from an
old State; and I hold that a new State has as many
rights here as ail old one. We are all here under
the Constitution, in conformity with the Constitu-
tion , by virtue of its provisions. Our highest duty
is to maintain the great principles of the Consti-
tution, by sStaring to every new State the same
rights on this floor, and the same right of self-
government at home, that every old State has
under the Constitution.
Then, Mr. President, what becomes of the
Senator's objection? He tells us there is danger
that the old States will be overrun by new States.
How ovenun? Outnumbered? That may be;
but is that a serious calamity? There are many
of us 011 this floor—and I wish it was so with all
of us—who are outnumbered by our own children;
and is that a calamity over which we sfiould
grieve so seriously? It was the intention of the
Constitution—it was the glorious purpose bf our
ancestors in making this Government, that wo
should make it for the whole continent, provided
the people of the original States should from time
to time deem it their interest to accept a new State
into the Union when ever the proper period arrived.
I am willing to allow our progress to go on as
it now goes, gradually and steadily, admitting
new States as they come under the Federal Con-
stitution. _ I do not wish any of that liot-bed pol-
icy of which the Senator speaks, to manufacture
States. 1 am content that Canada shall remain
subject to thc'British Crown so long as her own
people desire it; and Great Eritain can maintain
her sway. I am willing that Cuba shall remain
subject^ to Spain so long as the people of Cuba
desire it, and the Q,ueen of Spain can maintain
her authority over them. I am willing that Mex-
ico, that Central America, that every other por-
tion of the continent, shall remain subject to the
Governments to which they now owe allegiance,
so long as those Governments may be able to
maintain their rights there. I am not in favor of
an aggressive policy, nor of a hot-bed policy of
manuiacturing new States; but, sir, I cannot close
my eyes to !he fart that this people is a growing
people. Orir numbers daily increase, and will
increase, by natural causes, in spite of my bach-
elor friend from Kentucky. [Laughter.] He
cannot slop that law of progress. God forbid
that he should be able to stop or restrict it. We
must have new Territories from time to time for
the benefit of our own children, and I am willing
that those children should follow the example of
the bee, and swarm from time to time, and seek •
new hives in order to leave room for the old peo- !
pie to live and die m happiness while they are '
here. • 3 j
I am willing to carry out, also, the other great !
provisions of the Constitution which made Araer- !
ira (the only Republic on earth at that timcfitto
be called a Republic) the asylum of the oppressed
of all nations oil uai til. The framcrs of the Con-
stitution provided for encouraging immigration,
and for naturalizing immigrants when they came
here, and admitting them to social and political
rights with us. It was one of the causes of com-
plaint set forth by our revolutionary fathers in the
Declaration of Independence against the British
Crown, that the Government of Great Britain re-
fit sod to pass laws encouraging immigration to
these colonies. Sir, I am not willing now lo lay
down a line of policy in regard to immigration
which was so odious in the days of the Revolution
as to force our fathers to rebellion against their
mother country. lam content with our natural-
ization laws as they are. I would not putin a
further provision against them; but when these
people come here as immigrants I would extend
our protection to them; I would let them choose the
State or Territory they will make their new home.
vVhen they get there they must be obedient to the
local IjiWii which they find existing in the place
of their resilience. I'hey may go to Kentucky, .
or to Illinois; they may go to an old State or to a '
new State; they may go to a Territory or to a
State, and they must be obedient to the laws of
the land whereever they locate jtnd dwell.
This principle has been recognized thus far,
and was extended to Minnesota in the provisions
of her organic act. When wo organized the ,
Mmnjoota Territory, we provided that all the i
male white inhabitants should vote at th® first
election, and that at subsequent elections the Le-
gislature should prescribe the qualifications of
voters for themselves; provided no man should
vote who was not twenty-one years of age, who
was not white, and who was not a citizen of the
United States, or who had not taken an oath to
support the Constitution, and the preliminary
oath forbecomingacitizen. Congress authorized
the people of Minnesota, by their organic act, to
prescribe their own qualifications of voters, sub-
ject to these limitations. You organized that
Territory with a view to enable her to prepare
herself for admission into the Union. Why did
you give her people the right then to make their
own qualifications of voters, subject to the restric-
tions imposed, unless you believed them capable
of prescribing those qualifications properly? Under
that authority, given them by Congress, they
have passed an election law, from which I will
read one section, to show what the qualifications*
of voters now are ill the Territory of Minnesota,
and what they would be under the bill passed by
the House of Representatives, and approved by
the Committee on Territories of the Senate, if it
had not been amended the other day on the mo-
tion of the Senator from North Carolina. The
lav/ of Minnesota is:
"Section i. All tree white male inhabitants over the age
of twenty-one yeais, who shall have resided witliin thirf
Terntory six months next preceding an clcction, shall be
entitled to vote at the election lor Delegate to Congress,
and for territorial, county, and precinct officers: Fro elded,
1 hat tliey shall be citizens of the United States, or shall
have resided witliin the United States for a period of two
years next preceding such election, and declared on oath
before a coiut of record having a seal and clerk, orin time
ot vacation before the clerk thereof, his intention to become
such, and shall have taken an oath to support tlie Consti-
tution oi the United States and the provisions of the act of
Confess entitled ' An act to establish the terntonal govern-
ment of Minnesota,' approved March 3,1849: Provided,
That nothing in this chapter shall be so construed as to
piovent all peisons of mixed white and Indian blood, who
have adopted the eu^toixu and habits of civilization, from
voting."
As my friend from Missouri [Mr. Green] sug-
gests, they swear to support a law—just what is
done in Kansas—the organic law. The reason
why Minnesota requires them to swear to sup-
port the organic law is, first, that the organic law
is their constitution; and second, that the organic
law itself provided that no man should vote un-
less he had taken an oath to support it. That is
just what is done in Kansas; and it was right in
Kansas to require voteis to support the organic
law, and it was right in Minnesota to require
them to support the organic law.
But, Mr. President, the point to which I was
directing the attention of the .Senate, was this;
eight years ago Congress adopted an organic law
for the government of the Territory of Minnesota,
by which they were authorized to prescribe the
qualifications of voters at all elections in that
Teiritory, with a proviso that they should not
allow any persons but citizens, or such as had
declared on oath their intention to become citi-
zens,and had certain other qualifications, to vote.
Under that authority they have passed an organic
law, which restricts? the right of suffrage to"citi-
zens of the United States who have resided there
for six months, or persons who, not being citi-
zens, have resided two years in the United States,
and six months in the Territory, and have also
taken an oath to support the Constitution of tho
United States, and declared their intention to be-
come citizens of the United States, and taken an
oath to support the organic act. Are these not
safeguards enough to prevent any person from
voting who may not be well permitted to come
within the class of persons properly authorized
to vote?
Phe Senator from Kentucky is afraid that under
this principle a number of emigrants will come
in from abroad, land on our shores, and go di-
rectly to Minnesota and vote. They cannot voto
in that Territory until they have been here two
years, until they have traveled one thousand five
hundred mile's into the western wilderness, and
have resided there six months. Sir, I tell you
that whenever a foreigner landing on our shores
has shown the energy and the perseverance to
leave the eastern cities and their haunts, and go
into the wilderness one thousand five hundred
miles from the ocean, plant himself upon land,
build a house, and become a resident, he is capa-
ble of voting, and ought to be permuted to enjoy
