854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
„,„,j State now in the Union has to perpetrate
slavery. It was not the theory of-fthe Constitu-
tion that there should be uniformity in the local
laws and regulations of this country. It was not
the theory of the Constitution that there should,
be uniformity of voting. This Union is a con-
federation of sovereign States. Each State, old
and new, is absolutely sovereign in all things,
except to the extent that the Constitution of the
United States has imposed limitations. What-
ever limitation the Constitution has put on any
State, applies to each and all the States. When
Minnesota comes into the Union, she must come
here with all the rights of sovereignty, in all re-
spects without limitation, which pertain to Mas-
sachusetts, or Virginia, or New York, or to any
other State of the Confederacy.
For- these reasons, Mr. President, I ask the
Senate to reconsider the vote on the passage of
this bill, and then take the necessary steps to
reach this odious amendment, and pass the bill
in the shape in which it came from the House of
Representatives, which allows the present legal
vorci'3 of Minnesota to vote in the formation of
the constitution and its admission into the Union
as a State. If we shall do this, we shall avoid
all difficulties in the future. If it was the pur-
pose of the Senate to put those restrictions on the
elective franchise, they should have put them on
the organic act of the Territory at the beginning,
and not put them on now, when they are coming
into the Union, and thereby disfranchise a large
body of voters to whom you have granted this
privilege of the elective franchise.
I should have been opposed to putting on the
restriction then as T resisted it in the Nebraska
bill, and I am grateful to say, resisted it success-
fully in the end; but if the limitation should ever
be imposed, it should have been done in the or-
ganic act before white men wont there, so that
emigrants might know before going what their
rights and privileges were to be, and conform to
the laws under which they were to live. Rut I
hold that it is unjust, it is odious, it is not fair,
now to disqualify so many legal voters there
when you aie disqualifying them only on a point
in which you have no interest. What manner
of interest have you of North Carolin*K>r Mis-
souri, or of any other State, in the forffition of
the constitution and laws that Minnesota may
make, provided she does not violate the Federal
Constitution? If she does violate the Copstitu-
tion of the United States by any of her laws, I
submit that Congress has not the power to reverse
her decision, but the Supreme Court of the United
States would declare such laws void, as being
repugnant to the Constitution.
Mr. President, while I regret that I have been
compelled to consume time 011 this question at
this late hour, I hope the Senate will not persist
in what I believe in this instance to be an act of
injus tice to the people of Minnesota. I shall not
lake up time to defend the people of Minnesota
against the attacks that my friend from Kentucky
has madron them, believing that he did so more
in humor than in malice; But I must tell him that
in my opinion he was assailing the character of
as virtuous,as worthy, as intelligent a people, as
there are within the limits of the United States.
I do not believe there is a State in this Union,
whose people have a higher character for intelli-
gence, for sobriety, for obedience to the law, for
loyal principles, for everything that affects the
Union and the Constitution, than the people of
Minnesota. It is unkind to make these assaults
on them in the Senate where they have no one to
reply to, or repel them. ] feel bound to a certain
extent to act as their representative here, because
they have no Senator, no Delegate, no one author-
ized to speak for them on this floor; and my posi-
tion as chairman of the Committee on Territories
makes it appropriate that I should assume that
function in the absence of any other person to rep-
resent them. I regret that I have been compelled
to occupy so much of the attention of the Senate
on this occasion.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, this discussion
looks tq me a great deal like a tempest in a tea-
pot. I have seen for myself no occasion for this
very extraordinary speech of the Senator. I voted
to restrict the right of suffrage in this case to the
citizens of the United States. I intend to change
that vote, and because I intend to do so, I think
it-my duty to make a brief statement to the Sen-
ate. I do it, not because I believe anybody but
citizens ought to participate in the government,
for-that is my settled judgment—not because I
choose to pander to any false sentiment that may
spring up in the country—but for the sole reason
that the Congress of the United States have
heretofore fixed the qualifications of the voters of
the Territory of Minnesota; since I have exam-
ined that point it would now look a little unfair,
when they have exercised that-right for years, to
spring upon them a new question, change their
qualification, and exclude a large portion of the
population from the right to vote.
This is the whole ground upon which I shall
change my vote. I shall vote to reconsider the
passage of the bill, and I shall also vote to recon-
sider the amendment by which those who may
have made a declaratory statement of intention to
become citizens of the United States are excluded
from the right of voting. I leave it-as the law of
Congiess has fixed it in the Territory, and as the
authorities of the Territory has fixed it. If others
are content with it, so am I.
But, sir, I yet justify myself against all the as-
saults of the honorable Senator from Illinois. If
Congress dare touch the subject of the qualifica-
tion of voters, must they not exercise their judg-
ment? How dare he say that the foreigner who
has emigrated and has taken the preparatory step
shall be permitted to vote ? I dare him to state
on what ground he says that. If he says that,
then I say that Congress assumes the right to
control the qualifications of voters in Minnesota;
and he, with all his ingenuity, cannot extricate
himself from this difficulty.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not think I shall have
any trouble in extricating myself from what my
friend deems a difficulty. I argued this question
with reference to a Territory, and then I came
back and answered the objections which had been
urged by the Senator from Tennessee, and others,
against the light of Congress to authorize any
State to allow an unnaturalized foreigner to vote.
They claimed that if wo had imt the right to do
it in a State, we had not in a Territory. I went
on to show that each State has the power to do
as it pleases, and that Congress cannot regulate
voting at all in a State; and hence the inference
of gentlemen that Congress could not allow this
species of suffrage in aTerritory wasunfounded.
That was the point 1 was making.
Mr. GREEN. There is not a single Senator
in this body, Mr. President, who contends that
Congress has the right to regulate the elective
franchise in a State—not one.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator from Tennes-
see, and others, contend that Congress, by its
naturalization laws, does restrict the right of
voting in States to those who have been natural-
ized. ■
Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. Will the honorable
Senator from Missouri allow me a moment?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. HELL, of Tennessee. The honorable
Senator from Illinois, 111 the general terms which
he uses, and throughout his whole argument on
this subject, misconceived, or if lie did conceive
properly, so incorporated his remarks on that
point with others m his speech, as to have it
understood that the Senator from Tennessee had
contended that Congress could fix the qualifica-
tions of voter1! m the States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to understand the
Senator 
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I am on the floor.
If the^honorable Senator supposes that I con-
tended for such a power he is mistaken; I con-
tended for 110 such thing. The Senator from
Connecticut, [Mr. Touoey,] the other day, in
some remarks he made on that subject, assumed
that I had done so. I do not say that those Sen-
ators meant to avail themselves of the argument
I had made as a pretext for attempting to impress
upon the Senate and the country the idea that any
Senator here had contended for any such thing.
I presumed they were forgetful, or had not prop-
erly conceived the argument which I used. Sir,
T never contended for an instant that Congress
had the right to fix the qualification of voters in
the States. I conceded that power to the States
under the Constitution. What I said was that
no State had a right, in fixing the qualification of
its own voters, to allow an alien not naturalized
to vote.
The honorable Senator from Illinois is not to
suppose that he has answered this position tri-
umphantly when he has stated that both North
Carolina and Tennessee at one time admitted
negroes to vote. That does not conflict with my
argument at all. It is no answer to my argu ment.
It does not touch the position I took. Free ne-
groes in Tennessee and North Carolina, at the
time they were entitled to vote, were free citizens.
They have a right of inheritance in those States;
they are regarded as citizens by law with some
qualifications against full rights of citizenship
prescribed by the Constitution; but they were
allowed the political rights of citizens of the State
and of the United States; and why should they  
not be? They were freemen; they were bom
upon the soil, and they were educated before they
were manumitted, to the extent that an intelligent
slave might be supposed to acquire a knowledge
of our institutions. They were not only inhab-
itants but citizgps of our State. They do not
vote in Tennessee now; but I do not deny the
right of the States to make their own citizens and
qualify them as electors. We have a right under
the Constitution to do it. 1 thank my friend from
Missouri for enabling me to make this statement.
Mr. GREEN. I have understood the position
of the Senator from Tennessee perfectly, while
I dissent from it. I have also understood the
position of the Senator from Illinois, and I have
understood from the two positions that the one %
did not meet the other. If the Senator from Illi-
nois desires it, with the consent of the Senate,
I will yield so far as to permit him to make an
explanatory statement.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I do not know that any
explanatory statement is necessary to be made.
I d;d wish to put this question to the Senator
from Tennessee: did he not argue here that the
States had no- power to authorize a man to vote
who had not become a citizen of the United States
under the naturalization laws?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I said that of a
kforeigner, an alien—not of a native-born, free in-
habitant. I contended, not that Congress had a
right to fix the qualifications of voters, but that
it was unconstitutional fo.r a'State to admit to the
right of suffrage, in our Federal elections, aliens
as soon as they put their foot on our soil, after
Congress had exercised the power to prescribe a
uniform rule of naturalization throughout the
United States.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Senator then takes the
ground that a State has no power to allow an
unnaturalized foreigner to vote within its own
limits ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Undoubtedly.
Mr. DOUGLAS. If Congress, then, will say
that a foreigner shall be a citizen after one year's
residence, the State may allow that man to vote;
but if Congress says a man shall not be a citizen
for five years, the State cannot allow him to vote
for five years.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If that be the uni-
form rule, I say yes. [ say that Congress has
power to prescribe the rule of naturalization.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Congress, according to his
view, can deprive the State of the power of allow-
ing any immigrant to vote until after he has re-
sided twenty-one years in the country, if they
please.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. If the honorable
Senator means the power, such as his own State
peihaps lias exercised, I cannot question their
physical power in a State organization to do as
they please; but I say it is in violation of the
Constitution of the United States to allow an un-
naturalized foreigner to vote. I said this of Vir-
ginia as well as of Illinois, that it is in total dis-
regard, not only of the spirit, but, #5 I think is
sufficiently shown, of the letter of the Constitu-
tion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Because it violates the nat-
uralization laws?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Because it is in
violation of the Constitution.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will not persist in thisdis-
cussion. I think I have shown clearly that the
Senator insists it is the act of Congress that limits
the rights of the States.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. That is like all the
rest of your argument.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I have-yielded
to these two statements made bv the two Sena-
