858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
our own children to have it. I do not want to
allow other people who are aliens to the house-
hold, to come in and share our inheritance.
The -«cnator from Illinois told us about some
States allowing negroes to vote with a property
qualification. I said nothing about that. The
time was when most of the States required a
property qualification for every voter; but I sup-
pose, from the deep furrow which Democratic
doctrines have cut through the country, that can
never be restored. You know, sir, very well,
.that the Whig party never had power in this
country. John Q,uincy Adams was in a minority
all the time that he was President. He had never
a House of Representatives 01* a Senate in his
favor. When we elected Harrison, he came in
with the Twenty-Seventh Congress, and we had
the Senate and about half the House of Repre-
sentative's; but that balky horse, John Tyler, of
Virginia, bolted, and lost us even that. When
we elected General Taylor, on his gunpowder
popularity, he had not the control of both branches
of Congress. When has the Whig party ever
had control of the Government to illustrate its
policy, its conservatism, its principles of justice?
You have got us down, and you have always kept
the power yourselves.
I have fought long, and I think I have fought
valiantly and well; but when do any men remem-
ber that the Whig party has had a fair chance?
One of the first things I recollect was the rejec-
tion by the senate, in 1824 or.1825, of my'col-
leagae [Mr. Crittenden] as an appointee to the
bench of the Supreme Court of the United States,
for no oiher reason in the world except that he
was not right in politics. A gentleman whom I
just now saw in the Senate Chamber, a former
Senator fiom North Carolina, (Mr. Badger,) dis-
tinguished for his legal attainments, was nom-
inated for the same position, and he was rejected
for the same reason. The only conservative
branches of the'Government are the Senate and
the Supreme Court; and one of the supreme judges
„-once told-a friend of mine that it did well enough
for a politician to be a Democrat, but when a man
got on the bench it was butter to be a Federalist.
Now, sir, I am sure the vote on this bill will be
reconsidered, and it will be a perfect quarter-race
as to who shall run out first and get Michael and
Iiarm on his side.
IvJt\ BAYAItD. Mr. President, I have not the
strength, even if I had the inclination, to prolong
this debate; but 1 consider the principle involved
in it important, and I wish to state the position I
occupy on this qnesrion.
In rhu course of the debate in reference to the
[Nebraska bill, I spol te upon the question involved
in tin.- amendment of the honorable Senator from
North Carolina to tins bill. I stated the substance
of a portion of my views then. Collateral ques-
tions hare been introduced into this debate. There
is no question here as to what is the power of
.the Siutes in reference to regulating the rights of
pcrsuns to vote within their own limits. The
right, of suffrage is entirely intrusted by the Con-
stitution o1 the United States to the respective
States within their limits. No one doubts that.
But the question may arise hereafter—not before
Congress; we have nothing-to do with it; but it may
perlmpsjudieialiy arise, whether, under the frame
of the Federal Constitution a State can authorize
any but a citizen of the United States to vote.
That is a question which Congress ought not to
touch, which we have 110 jurisdiction over, and
no connection with.
The question here is, whether, in a republican
Government. professing to be founded on the
pnneipift of self-government, which of course
must mean the self-government of those who con-
siitnte the community in which it exists, the right
ot suffrage isnotnecessarily incidontto citizenship,
and ciuzenslup alone, as a question of policy, if
not of right. The Congress of the United States
arc called upon to prescribe, by an express enact-
ment, j,i the vote to be taken in a Territory,
(w!h";1 c.o tamly is within our jurisdiction,) what
are the qualifications of the voters. Ought we
in such a bill, to authorize any other than citizens
of the United States to vote?
I will mention but a single absurdity that is
involved in the proposition which authorizes any
but a citizen to vote, and I defy any gentleman
liere to answer it. Certainly the duty of the citi-
zen ought in al! eases to correspond with the
right, and exist where the right exists. Under
your naturalization laws, Congress, having the
exclusive power, choose to prescribe the tune and
mode of naturalization; but a declaration of inten-
tion does not make a party a citizen. Until a
foreigner becomes a citizen of the United States,
he owes allegiance to the country to which his
allegiance was due previous to his becoming a
citizen of this country. The fact of his coming
here does not destroy that allegiance. We never
contended for such a doctrine. No nation under
heaven has contended for such a doctrine. When
he becomes a citizen here, we hold then that the
change of allegiance is complete, and that, he
being a citizen of the United Statgs, we are bound
to protect him. But the duty of the citizen cor-
responds with the rights of the citizen; and the
right to make a citizen of the United States is
vested in the Congress of the United States alone.
Under the laws of nations, in all countries, it is
the right of any Government, if an alien enemy
is resident within its boundary, to remove him
from one place to another, to place him in personal
confinement, to confiscate his property, if they
see fit to do so. That is the right of every Gov-
ernment.
The proposition involved in this bill is that,
you are by general law to authorize persons, on
a declaration of intention to become citizens,
which does not make them citizens, to vote at an
election, which is the highest political privilege
that can be confeired on ail individual. You are
to authorize them to vote, when at the very time
of voting they may stand in the relation of alien
enemies to you. You are recognizing the prin-
ciple that the man may be an alien enemy at the
time when, under this bill, he exercises that right;
and yet you give him a partial right of govern-
ment, as well as your own citizens in this Terri-
tory, in framing the organic law.
1 am unwilling, by any vote of mine, under any
circumstances, to sanction what I consider a vio-
lation of principle; nor am I able to perceive how
this provision can be designated with propriety
an odious law, or an odious principle, as is alleged
by the honorable Senator from Illinois. Nor, I
confess, am I able to understand how the honor-
able Senator from Missiouri, after his able argu-
ment against the right of Congress to do this,
should tell us that lie will vote in favor of it be-
cause eight years ago Congress committed a mis-
take. when 110 question was raised, in authorizing
persons to vote whom they ought not to have
authorized to vote. 1 see no declaration of right
in that. Wo are not interfering with the right of
a State. Wc are merely prescribing here who
are the persons to select the representatives who
are to form the organic law of that State, in case
they determine to apply for admission into the
Federal Union, having the proper population for
that purpose. What makes this provision odi-
ous? Is the principle odious, that in a republic
you choose to confine the right of voting to citi-
zens of your country, whether native born or
iiatiii altzed ? Is it not the law of more than half
the States of this Union? Is it not founded on
the soundest principle of self-preservation in a
republic.'' Would it not be a government of others
and not of themselves, if any community were
to authorize those who do not owe the duties of
citizens to exercise these rights and privileges of
citizens' Then, what is there odious in your
prescribing a restriction of this kind over the right
of voting? 1 sec nothing to justify the appella-
tion.
\ ou may tell me there is no danger in this par-
ticular case that any such exigency will occur.
There may be no such danger 111 this case; but
in reference to great political principles as well
as in reference to the great principles of morals,
there never can be a violation in the one ease
without ultimate injury to the character of the
individual, or in the other without detriment to
the permanent interests of the country. You are
violating a great political principle when you
authorize by your legislation a man to vote on a
meie declaration of intention to become a citizen,
which does not make him bound by allegiance to
this Government, nor destroy his allegiance to
the country from which he came. If war were to
take place with that country, antecedently to his
exercise of this right, he would stand in the posi-
tion of an alien enemy; and in that position vou
could send him out of-the country; you could
confiscate his property; and yet to a person so
situated you propose to intrust the right of sov-
ereignty. It is a right of partial sovereignty in
the Territories of the United States for the pur-
pose of forming its organic law.
Sir, I hold the principle too important to be
passed over. It may be that there are some other
cases in which, without struggle, such bills have
been passed; but, so far as my recollection goes,
in the only cases in which they have over come
up in the Senate of the United States, there has
always been a majority against the adoption of
this modern policy. In the former regulations
of the Government, the principle was always rig-
idly adhered to. In reference to the Kansas bill,
when the question first came up in the Senate, in*
1854, a majority voted to restrict the right of suf-
frage to citizens alone. It is true, when it went
to the House of Representatives, an amendment
was adopted there; and when it came back again,
from an anxiety to pass the bill, which, it was
supposed, would allay all agitation, and give
peace and harmony to the country, vast numbers
of Democratic Senators, contrary to their opin-
ions, as then announced, abandoned their posi-
tion in reference to what they considered a minor
principle, but which I did not; and they voted in
favor of adopting the House bill. At the very
last session of Congress, when the question came
up in regard to authorizing Kansas to form a Slate
government, the Senate restored the restriction
that citizens of the United States alone should
vote, by a very large majority of the members
then present.
As regards the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, and his reasons why his vote should be
changed in reference to this measure, I confess
they seem to me not to be entitled to the weight
that the rest of his argument is as to the sound-
ness of the principle for which I contend. Be-
cause eight years ago you passed an improvident
law, you are now, when you are called upon to
pass another law, still to continue in that species
of improvidence, though he admits it is against
right, and against the duty of Congress ! I cannot
understand that. In reference to Kansas, then,
we shall be bound liej^ifter in regard to her,
though at the last session of the Senate we did
alter her lawin that respect, and restored thequal-
ification of voters where it ought in the first
instance to have stood—to citizens of the United
States alone—to allow persons who are not citi-
zens to vote. Is not that the argument?
I have no hostility to foreigners. I do not
desire to prevent immigration to this country;
but I cannot for my life see how or in what mode
this is to pi event immigration. I do not think the
foreigner has a right to ask it. He comes here
under your laws; he has the right to hold land, if
the State into which he goes chooses to permit
him—that is a question for her; he has the right
of hospitality; he has the right of carrying on
business. All these things are irrespective of
citizenship; but the right of voting is a political
power which is and ought to be incident to cit-
izenship alone; and if he comes here with a view
to a permanent residence, that restriction is cer-
tainly not an unnatural or improper one, or one
to be denominated odious, to say that he shall
reside here for a period of time which the wis-
dom of our ancestors, since 1802, has prescribed
as the proper period m which a man should be
entitled to take on himself the privilege as well
as the duties of a citizen—five years. That is
the law of 1802; and if there is anything novel
in the proceeding, the novelty is that this is, by
a kind of side-blow, to break down the existing
naturalization law of the United States, and to
pass a law inconsistent with the provisions of it,
at the very time when gentlemen tell us they
think that law a wise one, and they want it to
remain undisturbed, as I do. I think it is a wise
law. I think, carried out properly, it will answer
all its purposes; but it will not answer its pur-
poses if you are to violate its fundamental pro-
visions by placing a man who has simply declared
his intentions on the same footing with a man
who has become a citizen. You are giving the
benefit without the liability of naturalization.
You are repealing virtually to that extent the nat-
uralization laws of the United States as they now
stand. I am opposed to any alteration of those
laws. I think the law of 1802, in the main, con-
tains all the provisions necessary for the country.
