§60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24,
ries. It was applied with the anti-slavery clause ]
to Ohio, Indiana, and Michigan. It was applied, |
excepting the anti-slavery clause, to every other .
Territoiy you had, down, I believe, to the case of j
Florida', and I do not know but that it was ex- j
tended to Florida. Therefore, when Senators say. j
as the Senator from South Carolina has said, that;
here is a proposition different from anything wu ;
have heard of before, I say that, until the year ^
1846, when the proviso was inserted in the Iowa (
and Wisconsin bills, I have not been able to find ;
a ease in which such a prohibition as that was j
put upon a new State. That is all I have to say J
oq that point. ^ . ... i
Now, one word to my friend from Mississippi, |
Mr. Adams.] He refers to the vote taken in the j
Senate at the last session on the Kansas pacifica-
tion bill, and says that the Senate, by its vote,
struck out the permission to aliens to vote in
Kansas. I voted against that; but I think the
Senator will recollect the argument which he him-
self stated. What was it? In the Kansas-Ne-
braska bill we authorized aliens to vote at the first
election; but thereafter they were to vote or not !
as the Territorial Legislature provided. The first.
Territorial Legislature, which is said to have rep-,
resented the pro-slavery party, voted the aliens ;
out. That was the action of that branch of the !
people. TheTopcka constitution, which was said j
to represent the free-State branch of the people, 1
voted them out, too, so that it was said to be the j
unanimous vote of the people of Kansas, on both j!
sides, that aliens should not vote; and therefore, '
although I voted against striking it out in the j
Kansas pacification bill, I did not think it of much i
importance. I
Mr. ADAMS. It is the vote of sensible men ;
everywhere, in nil countries. j
Mr. PUGII. I do not know that it is. The ;
Senator may think so. In the State I represent,
undoubtedly in the territorial organization aliens j
were entitled to vote under the ordinance of 1787; ;
and the first constitution of the State, by its proper ,
language, would have admitted them, though, in 1
practice, they did not vote to any great extent, j
ISy-apd-by the Legislature passed an election act, |
and excluded them. The present constitution j
- SXcludes them. It is not a question in which I I
have any interest, because there has never been
actually alien suffrage in my State since it has .
been u State.
Here is the point: You passed, in 1849, a law
Organizing a territorial government m Minnesota, j
ftnd followed nine tenths of the precedents, over- [
ruling the exceptional cases of Iowa and Wjscon- >
sin; and you said to everybody: " Go there and ;
settle, and you may be a citizen of the Territory." 1
They have gone over, lived peaceably,and elected
a local Legislature. You have had no disturb- ;
ancc or trouble there. You have not had to pro- ;
claim martial law, as in other Teiruorics. You :
have never had any disturbance. Sull, on an
abstract proposition, you propose to condemn
th^se gentlemen in the lump. My friend from
Mississippi said they were paupers and criminals;
and I believe his colleague, [Mr. Brown,] the
Other day, said they were led up in a body to
vote. I do not find it so in my neighborhood. '
I find they are about as much divided in their '
YOtes and opinions as native-born citizens.  
Mr, ADAMS, My remark was not a general |
one. I said paupers and criminals came here and 1
Congress refused to pass any law to prohibit them. I
1 did not say the respectable portion of them were !
SO, but I said paupers and criminals came here. !
Mr.PUGH. The criminals will neverfind their j
way toyourTerritories. They will nover^o there I
to fettle. _ It is peaceable men who go there. The !
criminal infests your cities. There is no danger !
of his voting under this biil. As to a pauper, if j
gentlemen mean by that term a man who has no |
great amount of property, instead of considering >
him an injury to the country, I consider him a i
great hem-fK and hope they will ail come. I
Mr, STUART. Wo are pretty near the end i
of tins day. and pretty near the end of this ses- :
sion, and therefore I simply ask the Senate to pro- '■
ceed to a \ote. It seems to me we ought to pro- ;
ceed to take a vote on (lie question. ■
Mr. BUTLER, lam not to be called to vote I
suddenly on a matter of this kind when other !
people introduce it, and if gentlemen have a mind '
to introduce this measure agam it is notmy fault.
The time of the Senate would hove admonished
me not to have it taken up; but as they have taken I
it up{ the Senator from Michigan is mistaken if ;
he supposes I will not probe it to the bottom. j
I say my friend from Ohio is in error; and when i
Senators undertake to force me on a matter fo ■
deeply affecting us, I shall vote against the ad- ■
mission of Minnesota if they refuse to put in this .
amendment. I intend to put myself right before j
the country in relation to what I said, for i do not
like, as a lawyer, to say anything that is not !
maintainable by the statute. The act in regard ;
to Alabama provides; j
« j3n4 he if. further cnactal, That all white male citizens
of the United States"—
that excludes women—
" who shall have airived at the age of twenty-one years"—
that excludes minors—
" and have resided in the said Territory three months pre-
vious to the day of election"—-
that excludes all who did not go there and were
not there within three months—
" and all persons having in other respects the legal qualifi-
cations to vote lor members of the General Assembly of the
said Territory, be, and they are hereby, authorized.5'
What persons are excluded? Indians, negroes,
and aliens, if it meant anything, it intended to
give the power to vote only to those who had the
right to vote. I suppose it was intended to give
it to all white peisons who had been there longer
than three months, and the fact that it enumerated
white male citizens twenty-one years of age,
showed distinctly that they intended to exclude
aliens. This is the act admitting Alabama, and
it is the same in the other cases. They never
thought in that day of allowing a Commonwealth
to come into the Confederacy under the auspices
of alienage. I am opposed to the whole of the
doctrine which would proscribe the foreigner; J ■:
am his friend; and I say to the foreigner who
comes here with a view to adopt tins as Ins coun- ''
try, " Be jealous of the right which you have to :
come here; do not let everyone come to compete '
with you." The foreigners thatcamc here twenty !
and thirty and forty years ago came from choice; I
they came here on principle, understanding that !
they were to abide by the institutions and comply !
with the laws of this country. They did not,,
come here as upstarts to take their place upon the 'i
political chess board before they were invited. J
When my friend from Ohio undertakes to say .;
that these States were admitted by foreigners, 1
say it is not so—I speak of the act admitting '
Alabama, now. ;
Mr. PUGII. I U3C that very act to move what j ■
I said. The gentleman has only to read it to the j,
Senate to show that I am right. ■■
Mr. BUTLER. 1 have read it; and I venture ■;
to say there ore no two men in the Senate, when !;
you get them in a corner, who will deny my con- ;
slrurtjon. £ have no doubt that here, when you ■:
have a big crowd with you, you will be sustained; '
but take them by themselves, and ask them to tell i
the tiuih, and every one will agree with me. i;
Mr. BRO WN. 1 wish, before the vote is tak^n, ■
to reply to a vsingle suggestion of my friend from ;
Ohio. lie callcd attention to a remark of mine J
on Saturday, in which I said foreigners were led ij
to the ballot-box and voted like machines. I did
not apply that remark to foreigners generally. •
My reported remarks show that I used if m con- I
flection with those who did not speak the English •
language and who were wholly incapable of com- ;
municoting or being communicatcd with in the •
language of our country. As a matter of course 1
they cannot be made to understand the rationale .
of what they are duina when they are voting; but
some demagogue gets hold of them, and by signs, 1
or through some sortof instrumentality, commu-
nicates to them a half idea of his, and i said such i
people would be taken up to the ballot-box and 1
voted without knowing what they were doing. I
object to any person thus circumstanced having ■
anything to do with the institutions of our coun-
try, and I care not whether they vote on my side
or on any other side.
Mr. PUGII. Has the Senator seenanysueh?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. PUGH. I live in a city one third of the
population of which is foreign born, and I have
never seen any such thing.
Mr. BROWN. I understand that is the case in
•Pennsylvania and in Louisiana, and to a limited
extent in my own State, where there are full
grown men, who have been there for years, who
never have spoken one word of English, and if
your life was at stake you could not communicatc
an idea to them in the English language. 1 spoke
particularly of the Norwegians. That country
happened to occur to me at the moment; but we
know that propls come from ail parts of the globe,
They go to these new Territories, having" no idea
of the language, no idea of the Constitution, no-
idea of the laws under whiv*n they live; and how
is it possible, in the nature of things, thnr they can
vote intelligently? How th-y ea^t their votes
depends entirely on the hands into which they
fall. In the important business, as I tried to ex-
press it the other day, of making a new State, I
do not believe people thus circumstanced ought
to be allowed to have a voice.
I have no outcry to make against foreigners as a
class. Many of them are very excellent people,
and when they have been natuialized according
to the law of the land, I am as willing to see them
vote as anybody else; and whether they vote for
me or against me, I would not m the slightest
possible degree restrict their privileges. Con-
gress has wisely determined that five years' resi-
dence shall be necessatv to make one of them a
citizen. I think the right to vote is a very essen-
tial privilege of a citizen, and I am not willing to
weigh my ballot at the box against any man of
less dignity than a citizen. I care not who he isf
how exalted or how humble soever he may be,
if he be a citizen, he has an equal ri<rht with my-
self; but I have no idea of going and putting my
ballot in the box, and then the next minute sec a
fellow come up and kill it, who is the mere instru-
ment of some political trickster, and who know
nothing of what he is doing. It was for the pur-
pose of giving foreigners the opportunity required
by law of being here long enough to learn some-
thing of our language and laws, that I insisted m
this'Territory on a full execution of the naturali-
zation 1 uvs—for that and nothing else. 1 have no
opposition to foreigners as a class; and if I was
undeistood as expressing any such opposition, I
wish to be understood now coriecily.
Mr. RLT3K. 1 desire only to say a word in
explanation of the vote which I shall give. The
particular friends of this measure are very desir-
ous of a reconsideration, in order that they may
have another opportunity of voting on tiiispartof
the bill; and, as a matter of politeness, to gratify
them, I shall vote to reconsider; but I have heard
nothing in the argument to change my opinion
m regard to the principle involved. When the
amendment of the Senator from Isoitli Carolina
comes up again, i shall vote precisely as I did
before. I regard the elective fiancise as one of
the most sacred rights of Ameiican citizcns, and
I shall do nothing, so far as I am concerned, to
cheapen it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is, " Shall the vote by which
the bill was parsed be reconsidered?"
: Mr. PRATT called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
; yeas 35, nays 21; as follows:
' Y£AS—Allen. Bell of Ts'pw Hampshire, Busier,
I Bright, Ca'---, Collaum-, !> nice, l)ouzi.i>, Duiker. Fes^en-
1 den, Fu->h. Fitch, Foot, Fon^r, Green. Hale. I-I.irl&n, Ever-
' son, James, Johnson, Jone* of Iowa, MulOiv, Tvour^e,
Push Fiu«-k, dewmd, Stuart, Tijom-on of New Jersey,
! Toomo?, Touccy, Trumbuli, Wade, Weller, Wilson, and
, Yu!e<j—35.
NAYS —Messrs. Adam*, Bayard, BM1 of Tennessee,
, Uiodhrad, Brown, Butlei CVmenders. Lvnns,
1 I?tt/,patn';k,Geyei. Gwm. Ilou-ton, Humor, Jones r>f TVn-
ne-sfjij, Mason,Pratt,ileid, Glided,and Thomp.-on oflCeu-
, tucky—21.
i So the vote by which the bill was passed was
, reconsidered.
! Mr. HALE. Having voted with the majority
! on the question of ordering the bill to a third
j reading, I move to reconsider that vote.
i The motion was agreed to.
i Mr. HALE. Having voted with the majority
on the vote adopting the second amendment of
the Senator from North Carolina, I move to re-
consider that.
' Mr. BIGGS. I inquire of the Senator from
; New Hampshire whether he voted with the ma-
jority on that amendment?
I Mr. HALE. 1 so stated. I voted with the
i majority for the very purpose of doing what I
i am now doing.
1 The Secretary read the amendment proposed
! to be reconsidered, which is in line ten, after the
