1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
two to one. I know that the edict has gone forth
that this thing is to be done. As a Democrat—as
one of a great and powerful political party who
never had any alliance with any other party,
deeply and earnestly and sacredly devoted to its
success, I protest against this proceeding. I pro-
test against it in the name of niyparty; I protest
against it in the name of a violated Constitution;
I protest against it in the name of the rights of
American citizens; I protest'against it in the name
of American liberty; I protest against it on every
ground which the American mind can possibly
conceivc as an outrage upon us, upon the Con-
stitution, the laws, and the privileges which we
enjoy.
I have witnessed nowhere anything wjiich
struck me with more amazement than the exhi-
bition we have had to-day in the Senate. Where
shall the American mind rest for security, to what
point shall it turn for safety, if the judgment of
the Senate is to be thus suddenly changed on a
great question which more than twice—ay, more
than five times, has undergone discussion here,
and I am bound to say, has generally resulted as
it is likely to result now, in giving way. The
first impulse always right — the final decision
always wrong.
In my feeble way, as an humble Democrat—as
one of the humblest of American citizens, I have
defended foreigners. I have defended their rights
under the Constitution; I have defended their
right to vote, under proper circumstances; but,
sir, as God is my righteous judge, if this pro-
ceeding is to go on—if rights are to be given in
violation of the deliberate judgment of the Amer-
ican Senate, on appeals by foreigners, I can raise
my voice no longer. It is not the judgment of
the Senate that this should be done. I say so,
because, only two days ago, after a calm and
dispassionate consideration of the question, you
determined otherwise. Influences, to which lam
not subjected—and I pretend to be no more honest
or patriotic or upright than other men—have been
introduced here, and these influences from without
have changed the whole current of the Senate.
Mr. President, I speak earnestly on this ques-
tion, because I feel to-day that I speak in the
name of a great party which holds the destiny of
this country, as it were, in the palm of its hand.
Break down, destroy, overwhelm that party, and
your institutions are not worth the gathering of
them together. Look over at the other side of the
Chamber, and you do not find a solitary member
of thai, party commonly called the Black Repub-
lican party—but which I call simply the Repub-
lican party—who docs not vote for this proposi-
tion. The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hale] comes forward to-day, and does us the
favor to say that he voted for the proposition the
other day simply that he might have the oppor-
tunity to do what he has done—move a reconsid-
eration ; that he, isolating himself from his party—
that he, the Senator from New Hampshire, voted
with us on this side of the Chamber, having in
his mind's eye at the moment to move this recon-
sideration. Now, sir, the whole body of that
party come up in solid phalanx and vote to reverse
the decision which we rendered two days ago. I
know not whether we are, here, more under the
influence of foreigners or Black Republicanism;
but I know this, that we are under some sort of
influence which causes us to change our judgment
very suddenly. Sir, there has been no influence to
cause me to change myjudgment. From the hour
that I came into the House of Representatives,
and from there here, I have steadily and consist-
ently, without variation or a shadow of change,
stood up against this whole proceeding, and with
the blessing of God I mean to stand up against it
to the end. The foreigner who has rights of cit-
izenship under the laws made in obedience to the
Constitution, has my full and unqualified consent
to record his vote, being equal to any man in the
Republic; but to linn that comes in as a mere ad-
venturer, never having qualified himself according
to the laws of the"country to become a citizen, I
would not award, in this bill or any other, the
right to vote. Against that proceeding I now, as
heretofore, and as I mean.at all times hereafter
to do, enter my most solemn protest.
_ Mr. TOOMBS. After the extraordinary exhi-
bition, and I think very unnecessary eloquence
of a number of my friends from my section of
the country, if the Senate will allow me a few
moments, I will say a few words to explain the
reasons which controlled me in giving the original
vote which gentlemen say is against the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and the principles of
American liberty, and everything else that any-
body can think of.
The general practice has already been shown
by the Senator from Ohio; and it will not take
any Senator more thatl half an hour to refer to
some of the speeches made here two or three
years ago, tracing the history of the question
from before the time the Constitution was made,
commencing with the ordinance of 1787, which
was affirmed by that Constitution subsequently,
up to this time. Its general history has been,
from 1787 to now, that persons other than citi-
zens of the United States have been allowed to
vote in the Territories, and to vote for members
of a conwntion to form their State constitution.
That has been the general rule of the Govern-
ment; and if we lived and prospered to this ex-
tent, the Senator from Mississippi must pardon
me for not being alarmed by imaginary evils. It
was the practice of our forefathers; it has worked
well; it violates no part of the Constitution of the
country.
I am free to confess, Mr. President, that in fix-
ing the right of suffrage, I would confine it myself,
within the limits of my own State, or where I had
to be governed by it, to citizens of the United
States. I believe that to be the safer rule; and as
a citizen of Minnesota such should be my vote.
But it is a mistake to suppose that they have done
anything else than exercise a clear, indisputable,
constitutional, legal right, affirmed from the be-
ginning of the Government until now—indeed,
before the Government existed, for the ordinance
was passed before the Government existed. It
is a remarkable fact that the ordinance not only
did not require voters to be citizens, but did not
require them to swear off allegiance to anybody.
It did not require that they should promise ever
to become citizens. It simply required that they
should have a stake in the country.
Now, according to the laws of the United States
in Minnesota Territory, a residence of two years
in the United States, of six months in the Terri-
tory, and a declaration of a determination to be-
come a citizen, entitle a foreigner to preempt land.
We have given people other than citizens of the
United States tins right in Mmnesoja to own the
soil of the country, to get preemption claims pre-
cisely on the same foundation as everybody else.
When we made the organic law, we did it ia con-
formity to the general, I do not say universal, (if
gentlemen will attend to the language it will prob-
ably save me the trouble of explanation,) rule
from the foundation of the Government, which
was to allow the Territories in their organic acts
to fix the right of suffrage for themselves, allow-
ing all the white inhabitants to vote in the first
instance. When you organized this Territory
you did the same thing. You said that all white
persons who were citizens of the United States,
or such as had declared their intention to become
citizens, should vote at the first election, and then
that the territorial government should fix the right
of suffrage while it remained a Territory. They
did fix it, limiting it to six months' residence in
the Territory, and a declaration of intention to
become a citizen of the United States, and swear-
ing off allegiance to all other potentates or Pow-
ers. They have gone on and governed themselves
until now, when you propose to admit them into
the family of States.
The biil, as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, allowed those very persons who were
made legal voters under your authority, and m
conformity vttth the usage, and better usage, from
the beginning of the Government, to elect dele-
gates to a convention to frame a Constitution.
That is all there is of it. It makes no innovation.
It is a question now whether you will take it away
from them. I will not disfranchise the five or ten
thousand men who have gone there under the in-
vitation of the public law of this land—who have
voted in the government of themselves and their
own affairs, to whom you have given the rights
of a freeholder, and who are deeply imbued in
your society. I will not strip them of this right
which you have given them by your laws for six
or seven years. It is unjust; it is a violation of
principle and a violation of practice to do so.
But it is said they are making an organic law.
They make no constitution-which you Iiave^a
right to look into, except in one respect,". They
must make a republican form of government;
you can inspect it to see if it be republican. Why,
then, do you complain of, the.workmen? They
are to get together and n(iake a republican fora  ot
government. You have a right to look into it to
see whether it is republican or not. If. it is not a
republican form of government, if there is foreign
influence, if there is a monarchy, if there is any-
thing against the principles of liberty, as eon-,
tained it. republican Governments, it is jn .the
power of the House of Representatives and' the
Senate to reject it.
This having been the wish of a people of one
hundred and eighty thousAd inhabitants, you
propose to prevent them from.voting at this elec-
tion, when, by the laws of the Territory, they
may do so, and may, the day after admission, fix
the right of suffrage to suit themselves. Nobody
denies the right of every State in the Union to
declare who shall be voters. They may declare
that only white people—they may declare that only
black people—they may declare that nobody but
men—they may declare that nobody but women
shall vote. They may fix it to suit themselves.
No question was better settled by the framers of
the Constitution than'that.
These are now ideas—modern ideas. They have
been put before the country, and I thank God
have been condemned by the freemen of this great
country pointedly, distinctly, on this very ques-
tion. On the Nebraska bill, to which gentlemen
have referred, the Senate did reverse its vote on
this point—reversed it wisely, reversed it for
sound reasons. It is true, that some, agreeing in
the general principle, yielded to a supposed ne-
cessity. As to the Nebraska bill, throughout the
South, in the late presidential election, the two
features called alien suffrage and squatter sover-
eignty were the two points of objection to it, be-
cause" they were afraid to attack it anywhere else;
but these objections were made on every stump
from this to the Rio Grande by the opponents of
the gentleman who has been elected President of
the United States, and from here to the Rio Grande
the objections were also condemned universally.
Therefore, I have seen with astonishment that
the representatives on this floor of those fourteen
States which have so recently affirmed the prin-
ciples of that bill, with alien suffrage and all,
should give so small support to this feature of tho
bill. This point was everywhere urged against
me. It was the very point of attack; and I de-
fended this provision of the Nebraska bill on the
ground that it was just, that it was according to
the practice of our forefathers, in conformity with
the highest interests of the Republic, which is my
judgment now; and it was approved by the peo-
ple.
We are called upon now to say that it shall
not exist here—that we shall deprive these people
of the privilege of interfering in the making of
their constitution, or that at least we shall pre-
vent them from exercising the elective franchise
for a single session of the constitutional conven-
tion. All this clamor is to be raised on the idea
that our constitutional rights and liberties are to
be overturned by foreign influence, when your
whole action does not extend an inch beyond the
very measure you are now passing. You nifty
take away the rights these people have exercijfed
for so many years by your express provision;
but the only uct over which you have control is,
that if they do not make a republican form of
government ygu can reject it. It is a qualified
power to reject. You have given the right to act,
and now you take it away, when the next day
they can declare that aliens, or anybody else,
may vote.
The framers of the Constitution of trie United
States were too wise to say that nobody but citi-
zens of the United States should participate irk
the right of suffrage. All great Governments, ail
good Governments, have, from time to time, for
great services and for political reasons, or for the
reasons that governed our fathers, the increase of
immigration, deeming it to be a national advantage
that immigrants from foreign countries should'
come into their settlements—all Governments for
free countries have given foreigners these privi-
leges, and oftentimes have given them all the
rights of citizens. It was done by Rome fre-
quently. All Governments have exercised tlia
