§64
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 24.
power. The policy of oar Government was to !
bring these people here. Has itnot worked well?
Look at the country; look at us then; look at us
now. Where is the evil from it? To what evil
can any man point ? Have we not grown great,
prosperous, powerful, and happy? Is there any-
thing to disturb us but our own folly—our own
dissensions about abstract questions that do not
concern the parties who make a noise about them ?
We increase national wealth by bringing in hun-
dreds of thousands of persons into the country;
and it has been the great, the main, I will say the
greatest of all, elements of the wealth and the
power of the United States. It is so much cap-
ital reared in foreign countries at the expense of
foreign countries. Tt is brought here at the full
vigor of manhood. We not only do not have to
pay for it, but it transports itself, and brings some-
thing with it. Therefore, as a sound question
of political economy, with your boundless public
lands, from the Mississippi river to the Pacific,
every wise statesman should seek to bring thou-
sands of people who a\*e attached to liberty to
develop our own possessions on this continent,
and such as in the order of time we may acquire.
I was for this provision in Kansas; I am for it
here. I believe it to be sound m principle. It is
a good inducement to give to these Territories the
power lo determine for themselves, as 1 determine
for myself in Georgia, who shall vote. They have
settled it; and the bill only says that the persons
whom they have adjudged to ho worthy shall
exercise that richt. They do not injure me, and
tha people of Minnesota say they do not injure
them. I will leave to the people of Minnesota,
these one hundred and eighty thousand freemen,
the right to determine who shall aid them—who
shall be consulted, m this great act of taking her
position anions the sovereign States of thisUnion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I regret exceedingly, sir,
that my indisposition is too great to allow me to
participate in this debate. [ have never wit-
nessed one in which I felt so great an anxiety to
furticipate a« the one now on the (dpi*. I know
am tumble to proceed; but! protest against the
passage of this bill without the amendon-iits pur-
posed. I? is all I can do. Inasmuch as matters
vuliateral to this question have been brought into
the discussion, 1 shall, I trust, have sufficient
strength and health before the adjournment of the
present s/msjou, when I will avail myself of an
opportunity to answer some of the arguments and
matters introduced into this discussion. J>eing
unable to proceed, 1 shall not detain the Senate
one moment; but 1 hope the vote will be taken.
Mr. CRITTIjN DEN . 1 have, sir, however
erring I may he, a very clear and strong convic-
tion on this sublet; and 1 feel it to be my duty,
painful ns it i.s at such an hour, and with a Sen-
ate whose patience must already bo M-ry much
worn out, to detain them with a few further re-
marks on tins subject 
Mr. X'RATT. If my friend from Kentucky
will give way, I will move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Air. DOUGLAS. I hope not. I ask for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. PRATT. I hope we may adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays as follows:
YEAS—MeF«rp„ Aflame, Bayatd, Hell ofTennosnec. Hen-
juEffei, Bijie*, liio vn, Diitlei, Ciav, CiiLtenricn, (Jevei.
Houston, Hunter, 1ver*mu Mason, Pratt, Ruid, Rusk.Vili-
rioii. ;uid Thompson of Kentucky — J9.
NAN —Messrs. Allen, Uoll of New Ilumpshlie. Eigler,
Biodfjead, ColSamcr, I)uiigUi=j, Darker. Fessendcn, Fitch,
i'o,tci, Hale, Ilnii.m, Jnmui, Noui.%e, Piuh, Sewatd, Stu-
titi, Tow.b*, 'lVmcey, Tiumbull, YVade,ttiid YViUou—2*.
So the Ornate refused to adjourn.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It is quite us agreeable
to me personally to proceed now us it would be
to postpone my remarks until to-morrow. I have
no complaint, therefore, to make on that account.
Mr. President, I think this is a very important
question. The immediate instance which is before
us, perhaps, is not; but it involves a great ques-
tion ot principle and of policy whether the Con-
gress of the United Status can or will confer upon
aliens the privilege of voting. 1 think they cannot;
I think they ought not, if they could. The Con-
stitution of the United States declares that we,
the people of the United States, make this Con-
stitution for our own advantage — for our own
good; and in all its provisions it refers to that
same people of the United States as those who in
every capacity are to administer this Govern-
ment, as well in its primary elections as in its
representative character. That is what I under-
stand the Constitution of the country to be; and
to illustrate that this is the great and primeval
principle of the Constitution, it goes on further
to provide that Congress may pass a uniform rule
of naturalization. Tha; is the only means pro-
vided by the Constitution by which any other
than the original parties to it can ever acquire the
! privilege of voting. That is my view of tne Con-
j stitution.
! I know of no citizenship that can be conferred
by a State. I deny that it is in the sovereign
competency of any State to confer a citizenship,
j or to confer the right of suffrage in regard to any
[ matter where, mediately or immediately, it is to
j have influence and effect on the General Govern-
ment. It is not worth the inquiry Whether, in
j relation to other matters, they may give this or
ji that right to whomsoever they please, as well
within as without their borders. That is not the
question. The question is, whether they can
confer citizenship, and with it the right of suf-
frage, upon parties not entitled by the Constitu-
j tion or the naturalization laws; which right of
' suffrage is to be exercised in any matter touch-
ing, affecting, or controlling, mediately or imme-
diately, the action of this Government; and I
deny that they can. The Constitution which es-
tablished this Government made all the provisions
necessary, and it made them for the people of the
United States, and nobody else. Nobody had a
,j right to interfere in this Government, by suffrage
;i or otherwise, except the people of the United
!j States, in the manner provided by the Constitu-
:! tion. There is no mode provided by the Consti-
umon whereby any other than the original par-
tj ties—the people of the United Siatex—shall vote,
!t except through the medium of tho naturalization
ij laws. When you attempt to confer it, then, on
|j others, I ask you for y>nr power to do so. The
! Constitution says nothing about conferring the
ii n^ht of suH'i^e; but" it speaks of citizenship.
Ij That i« tin* chaiacter to winch the right of suf-
frage belong; ills pnitumi pan-el of it. That
is the instalment by which the sovereign people
exercise their soveieigiity. It is their crown,
their scepter-, and none shall take it from them,
so far us I am cone rned, and my vote is con-
cerned. Tiwmgh having no less sympathy for
foreigners than others who hnve spoken here, I
will not give one hair's breadth of it to mortal
man. It belonged to mv ancestors and their pos-
terity, my brethren, and my countrymen; and I
shall hold it my bounden and my sabred duty
to secure and confine it to its lawful inheritors.
That, is my objection; that is my feeling on the
1 subject,
[ 1 do not dfbire to expatiate. Remember, sir,
1 the x'ighfc of sulfrnte which you are now confer-
ring, is not that which r-dafes to the transaction
' of tmiall matters of temporary expediency or
! temporary propriety in the government of a'Ter-
| ritory. That is the utmost privilege which, it is
| contended, the Minnesota organic act gave. They
I have had the full enjoyment of that: but, in the
j progress of their society, they have come to
j another stage; and they are now, by this bill,
j authorized to prepare themselves to enter in the
I higher character of a State government into this
| Union. TIiim is a very different sta'e of things,
' The affairs lo bo managed, the matter*: to be de-
1 termmed, the great and permanent institutions of
! a State, are not trilling little matters of a Tern-
1 tory. The foundations of ail American Republic,
; a member of tins Cn ion, are to belaid; and whose
: hands are fit to lay them ? To whose hands does
i the Constitution give this great '"work ? To
; American citizens. By tins bill you prooose to
| gi\e it to aliens. Is the Senate prepared for this ?
i Is it a question of expediency when presented in
I this point of view, and with reference to such a
' subject ? It is to establish a constitution; to make
j a Republic. Is that, a small matter, in regard to
I which we may be governed by a mere temporary
j expediency, and the little circumstances of the
. day, which to this party or that party, may seem
j to require that they should urge on to a precipi-
j tate conclusion a measure of this sort ? Is it that
| little matter to be governed by considerations so
I small? _ No, sir; it is a principle. To be jealous M
j of foreign influence we were taught from the f
foundations of the Government.
In this instance the influence which you are
giving to the foreigner may be but small. It looka
like an evil no larger, at any rate, than the palm
of your hand, but it may spread into a mighty
cloud that shall cover the whole horizon. Do you
think the people of the United States, if they
could hear and -witness this question being put,
and knew that the Senate of the United States,
on a clear case, whether aliens should vote in the
formation of a constitution of one of the future
States of this Republic, had decided that aliens
should vote as well as American citizens, would
view with calmness or indifference that question?
No, sir. Every American heart, it seems to me,
would feel a natural repugnance to it. It. is no
small question in the popular estimation. It may
be overruled, it may be forgotten in the wild hurrah
of a presidential election; but let it stand naked
by itself, and the simple question be put, "Shall
we American citizens be, in effect, deprived, to
some extent, of oui right of suffrage by neutral-
izing it with the vote of aliens?" I think it is
inconsistent with the just pride of an American
citizen, to suppose that he would not consider it
as a matter of grave consequence to him; and so
it is to the country.
We have a very large element of this character
or description in the country. It is not the mere
number of alipns that are in Minnesota, it is not
them alone, to serve whom, by giving this right
of suffrage, would be considered a sufficient ex-
pediency. No, sir. Many gentleman here—not
all—are in a position to feel the power and influ-
ence of that alien element which exists in our
country. Such is its cohesive power already that
one might well have apprehensions, if apprehen-
sions could govern him, that giving offense to
these aliens in Minnesota mi°ht be resented and
, revenged not only by the aliens of the States
' which they represent, but by even the naturalized
of their own country who have votes and who
have power. Rut here the question is simply, on
the one side, as it strikes me—American right,
American suffrage; and on the other side, the suf-
frage of alien?.
Th^ argument of the honorable Senator from
Delaware [Air. Bayard] placed this subject in a«
clear a light, I think, as it could be placed. WouM
you, if you could', confer on aliens the right of suf-
frage m such a matter? I think not, Kir. Pres-
ident. I think you would recoil from giving them
the right to establish the institutions of one of the
States of your Umon, or to cooperate in establish-
ing them. It is an American work; let it 151 done
by American hands. "We are all to be influenced,
such is our connection with it, all to be affected
by whatever is good or whatever is bad in the
local institutions of each State. More or less we
feel its influence. We have a right, therefore, to
inquire into this subject. We are interested par-
ties, and the whole people of tho United States
are interested in this question.
Wc are depriving aliens of no right whatever.
What previous law of the United States ever gave
them the power to vote for delegates to a conven-
tion to form a constitution and State government ?
None that I know of or have heard of. You gave
them a right to vote, which 1 would not have done,
which the Senate would not have done except
that they acted under a necessity which has no
law; but upon a plain, fair vote this question has
never been put to ihc Senate of the United States
when the majority did not decide against confer-
ring the right on aliens. He may be even an
alien enemy at tho time he is voting with your
citizen, standing side by side at your ballot-box
voting for American laws. His own country
would not hold him guiltless if he joined in de-
fending yours. lie is no citizen of yours. He
does not belong to your household. He owes no
allegiance to this Government cxcept a mere tem-
poral)- ono, which may be thrown off in an hour.
Mr. President, I desired rather to make my
earnest, clear, and distinct hostility to this meas-
ure known, than to occupy tho Senate at this
hour with any extended remarks on this subject.
I am opposed to it upon every consideration of
principle and policy. Upon every consideration
that is due to my own countrymen, to the secu-
rity of their law and their rights, I vote against
this alien admixture in exercisme; the right of
suffrage. The Government of this country does
belong to the people of the United States, and I
hold those as people of the United States who
