868
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
have not the least doabtthat the establishment of |
that policy, being fundamentally wrong, has been !
of great injury "to the shipping interest of this
country; and 1 am satisfied such is the judgment
of a large class of the prudent, honest men en-
gaged in that business. It is now a fact, that
over two fifths of the entire importations into the
city of New York are by steamships, and three-
fifths of the valuable freight is curried by tlitm.
You call it Government aid; but the fact is, that
the Government, by giving large sums of money
to pay the expenses of transportation, has been
able to take it away from the honest trader and
owner of sail-vessels, which are better suited to
the general commerce of the country, or at least
the carrying of agricultural productions, because
that mode of transportation is cheaper; and cheap-
ness is a matter of more importance, in these par-
ticular commodities, than time. They have very
greatly hindered the shippmgmtercst, because, m
consequence of the Government giving $311,000
per trip to a steamship to go to F<nghmd, the
French and the English finer goods, which pay
the best freights, have been monopolized hy the
English and American steamers;and consequently
that valuable portion of t lie freight has been taken
from the general commercial mai .ne of the United
States, and it has compelled a very large number
of vessels to run with no freight, or with bad
freight, from England to this country. We see
the operation of that in the south' rn .States. More
than,half the ships thnt go to the southern ports
for cotton, rice, and lumber, go in bulhoi; and
that necessarily increases the cost of our freights,
bceauso when they have, to run a dead voyage
across the Atlantic without getting freight., they
must of course charge nioie for return freights.
If it were proposed directly that the Govern-
ment should bccome a carrier, everybody would
admit that it was wrong, ftvoiybody would
admit that it, was agenist the. principles of politi-
cal economy for thin ( covrniuient to eai i y I) eights
for nothing. Who would s-inction a dn<>et prop-
osition thatthis Govruaoeni "hould biuid twvnry
steamers to i un from Unto n or \ nonal), to Liv-
erpool and I Havre,and take ail the \ uiuahle freights
for nothing? E\ery man would admit that that
was a violation of the pnueiplesof political econ-
omy, and would be destructive to the great indus-
trial classes of this Republic. The Government
has done that pro lunto; for oveiy dollar she has
given to ocean steamers under the fraudulent
pictext of carrying mails, has had the effect, of
throwing the valuable freights of this country to
steamers, by enabling them to am over the At-
lantic ocean cheaper than other people, and thus
monopolize the best freights from England to the
United Slates. On account of the imports from
the Old World bping exceedingly small m bulk
according to their value, we have ten times as
much tonnage of out-freight as of in-freight. The
steamships which my friend supposes have done
the commerce of (he tountiy Mteh great good,
have now possession of three-fifths of all the val-
uable freights from Emone, and especially ftom
France and England. They have taken that
branch of trade away from the commercial ma-
rine,and they are able to beat them down in com-
petition hy the action of the Government. They
could net do it m any other way, because it is
very well known that the ordinary cost of run-
ning a sail vessel as against a steam vessel would
Ins in favor of the sailing vessel as ten to one; and
the steamers would not attempt to ran an hour
in competition but for the funds taken from the
public Treasury. That is a wrong system. It is
coming back to the old system of Government
monopolies, the Government undertaking to do
the business of the people.
One argument has been, that if we did not pay
large bonuses to steamers, England would ha\e
a monopoly of cairynig our letters. That is as
great a delusion as was ever presented to any peo-
ple in the world. It has coat uss about one dollar for
every letter we have had transported by foreign
steamships into this country, where wo get ten
cents. If wo have earned them as cheaply as they
can be carried, and we pay one dollar and get ten
cents, we lose ninety cents on each letter. If we
put that burden on England, it is the most effec-
tual way to break her down, to make her do an
unprofitable business. If she can carry them
cheaper than we can by any advantages she may
have, we ought to get her to do it rather than do
our own carrying, for the same reason that any
of us get our produce carried across to England
rather than do it ourselves. If England can carry
our letters cheaper, I say the best way of injuring
her is to give her the whole of this unprofitable
business.
Seeing this fact, wc were first told that those
steamers would be exceedingly beneficial to the
Navy, important to the Government in time of j
war. I believe that everybody now admits that j
that is a failure. I know, as a member of one of!
the committees of the other House, the testimony j
given hy the. officers of the Navy was that not j
. one of them could stand the fire of her own broad - j
i side, much less that of an enemy; that it was
1 utterly impossible to make ships of the speed ne-
: cessary for the competition of travel on the ocean,
■ capable for war puiposes. That has been thor-
oughly demonstrated, and the idea of making
| your side-wheel mail steanicis useful for war pur-
; poses is a confessed failure all over the world,
i because screw steamers are used for that purpose,
' 1 behove, by all the nations vno have looked into
! the qiu-stion, as all commercial nations have, in-
, stead of side-wheel steamers. It is a fundamental
i error to suppo;* that your steam-ship policy of
! encouraging th-.m by the Government, as you call
: it, (that is, the whole expense of running them
i being given to a parcel of monopolists,)"is any
I advantage to the marine of this country.
! it is tiue the commeiual lmuine has increased
, and is increasing, and is strong enough to con-
i tinue increase * in spite of the deleterious effects
I of the oponit. is of the Government. They are
, not, sufficiently wide-spread yet to destroy it; but
th.'t they are injurious to the commercial marine
i is known to every ship-owner in the United States,
; and your policy m< ets the opposition of the great
| body of those persons. Our true policy is to let
j it alone; to let the carrying be done by those who
i can .do it cheapest and best, and to give no mo-
j nopolies by the action of the Government. If to
j lay a telegraphic wire jktom.-j the Atlantic ocean
1 be a good scheme, a feasible and practicable one,
le,i\e it to indiviilud enterprise, f do not knmv
, that it is practic;)!)!<•. I Juue m>t looked into it,
' and do not comprehend it; and I make bold to say
theie is not, a member in this body who does un-
i derstand it; he may have read the ex parte state-
; ments of those who favor it; 1 have done that, but
| without being able to comprehend them. If it is
( a good scheme, give the pai ties all the advantage
( you can prop< rly give them without giving them
i the public money.
In this cvn" you undertake to guaranty to
them the highest profits for a long series of years.
If it shall succuaUo the extent imagined by the
most ardent members on this iloor, so much the
worse; we shall be giving fourteen per cent, to
them independent of all they can make. Every-
body knows that, as a Government, wo do not
want it. It is unnecessary to delude ourselves
and the countiy with that idea. It is a naked
piece of bosh—I will not call it anything stronger
— to say that the Government of the United
States want the use of this telegraph between
Newfoundland and Ireland. She cannot commu-
nicate with her foreign ministers by it. Probably
there would not have been a single message within
the last two years, or none of necessity, to have
been sent by it, if it had been constructed. The
commercial classes may want it; the cotton men
| may want it, if my friend from Texas be right;
and the diy-goods men may want it; but let the
; cotton men, and the sugar men, and the dry-
goods men, pay for it.
Nor is the amount of money required for this
object so much as to put it out of the power of
! individual enterprise. Take the case, of a rail-
* road to the Pacific, which will cost £300,000,000
' or ^400,000,000; and they say it is out of the
power of individual enterprise. But here is a
scheme that will not cost <£200,000 steiling; and
it is within the power of some of the subscribers
to this scheme to pay it outoi their own pockets,
and they would do it if they were satisfied it
| was a good speculation without this aid. Then,
I say, when it is in the power of even one of
the subscribers to this scheme to carry it out,
j what is the excuse for the Government coming in
unless you take the risks and hazards of com-
mercial speculation, and to do so is a violation of
the Constitution ? # It is a violation of justice. It
is indiscreet in having no contract; and then there
is no interest to be subserved except the com-
mercial interest and the jobbers of the United
States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky
to postpone the bill with the amendments until
the 5th of Match.
Mr. BIGLER. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, [Mr. Wright,] who has
been obliged to leave the city.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2G, nays 26; as follows:
VRAS—Messrs. Allen,Bi^gs Bright, Butler, Oas«, Clay,
Crittenden, Dod^e, Evans?, Fitch. Fitzpatnck, tieyer!
Green, Houston, Hunter, Ivor-son, Johnson, Jonesot Iowa,
Jone.-,of Tonne-c.ee. Macon. Pug!], Uoul, Shdolt. Thompdou
ot Kentuck\, Toombs, and Trumbull-— 2G.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell oi New Hainp^hne. Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Brodheud, Bnmn, Colktmer, Douglas, Our-
kee, Fessondcn, Fi-.li, Foot, Fo«tei, Gwin, Hale, Harlan,
James, Maliory, Pratt, Husk, S'nvard, Stuart, Thomson
of NewJeuey, Toueey, Wade, Weller, and Wilson—&>.
So the motion to postpone was not agreed to
Mr. FOOT. The Chair will allow me to inquire
what motion is now pending in connection with
this bill5
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pending
question is on the amendment of the Senator from
i Virginia, [Mr. Hunter,] to add a proviso.
! Mr. FOOT. Was not a motion made by the
! honorable Senator from Virginia, to refer the bill
I to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
! Roads?
I Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; I withdrew it.
'• Mr. FOOT. I thought that*motion was made
; by some one.
Mr. HUNTER. I made it, but withdrew it.
The PRESIDENT pro trmpore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Virginia is, to insert
before the last amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives this proviso:
Provided, That the contract hereby authorised shall not
be hindina on the (Tinted St>ue-> until the r.uno shall have
been submitted to and approved by the Congress of the
XhMird States.
Mr. FOOT. Mr. President, I voted for this
bill as it passed the Senate. I shall vote now in
favor of concurrence m the House amendments.
l>oth 1 louses,upon full consideration, have agreed
upon the leading features, and thus have signified
their approval of the purposes of the bill. The
House amendments aie simple, well understood
by the whole Senate, of comparatively little im-
portance,and require no examination in commit-
| toe. They do not impair or essentially Modify
the main piovisions and objects of the bill. The
friends of the measure can have no hesitancy in
agreeing to these amendments at once, without
delaying, and thereby endangering, the passage
of the bill. The amendment of the honorable
Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] is an ad-
versary proposition, tending, if not designed, to
s delay, and so far forth, to defeat the bill—a legi-
| timate and parliamentary course, to be sure, as
! coming from a hostile quarter. Such a motion
i will, of course, embody the vote of the opposi-
1 tion to the bill, but will not be likely to command
a vote from those who desire its passage.
I shall vote in favor of concurrence, because I
have no objection to the House amendments, and
j am in favor of the objects of the bill, and desire
! its immediate passage m order to secure those
I objects. I regard the measure which this bill is
I intended to aid as the great and crowning enter-
, prise of this age of progress in the application of
i art and science to the, practical purposes of life. I
| have an abiding confidence in the complete success
j of the proposed undertaking. This confidence 13
| founded chie/ly upon the results of experiments
1 already made, and upon the opinions of scientific
and practical men. Submarine telegraph lines
j have been laid down in seveial instances, and in
] every case they have been attended with complete
{ success to the extent they have been tried.
{ But, Mr. President, let me inquire for a moment
j what is the proposition upon which we aie called
| to act—the proposition contained in the bill before
! us ? Why, sir, to express it in brief, it is nothing
! more nor less than whether we will aid in an
effort which, if successful, is to place us as a Gov-
ernmental^ a people in direct and immediate tel-
egraphic communication with the civilized world,
for the comparatively trilling consideration of
fifty to seventy thousand dollars a year? The
experiment, if unsuccessful, costs us nothing but
