1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
the use of -one, or at most of two, vessels for a
few months, which would otherwise be unem-
ployed, in assisting to lay down the wire. The
whole loss, in case of failure,falls upon the com-
pany.
In the event of the success of the enterprise—
and success is hardly to be deemed doubtful—its
benefits to our country, and to the whole coun-
try, and to every; material interest of the country,
commercial, political, and social, mu&t, indeed,
be invaluable. No man may now undertake to
measure them. It places us in daily communica-
tion with the capital and the commercial marts of
every-State in Europe, and with portions of Asia
and Africa. It places us in daily communication
with our own diplomatic representatives at foreign
courts — at London and Paris and Madrid and
Vienna and St. Petersburgh and Constantinople
and elsewhere. The leading events which trans-
pired on the eastern continent on yesterday are
made known to the American people to-day. The
'debates in Parliament; a revolution in France; the
fate of a battle; the fall of a city or an empire; the
change of a dynasty; all the great and stirring
events of the day, as well as the daily puces cur-
rent, are brought forthwith to the knowledge of
our own Government and people. It is for those
who say that all this js nothing, to oppose this
measure. It is for those who may regard all this
as of no account, to laugh at it as a wild and im-
practicable and visionary scheme. It is for those
who may count all this as of no value, to de-
nounce it as an extravagant and unwarrantable
waste of the public money. But, sir, 1 have faith
to believe it will stand the test of the severest
ordeal, and outlive all assaults of whatever char-
acter, and from whatever quarter; that it will
command the undivided assent of the American
people as a great economical measure—as a meas-
ure of immense practical value to the country—as
a measure eminently prq^iouve of international
peace, union, and harmony—as one of the proud-
est triumphs which genius and art have ever
achieved—as, in short, the sublimest consumma-
tion of the age in which we live.
Just so widely different are my views and my
anticipations from those of honorable Senators
who feel themselves constrained to oppose the
passage of this bill. A very few months, how-
ever, will test the results of the experiment, and
test the wiser policy and the deeper discernment
of those who resist or of those who favor the
measure. When it shall have been once brought
into successful and triumphant operation as its
friends anticipate, it will vindicate itself—it will
silence all clamor, all ridicule, and all opposition,
and be hailed everywhere and by everybody as a
boon to the country and the world'. And when
once its benefits and its blessings shall have been
fully realized, depend upon it, the American
people will never consent to dispense with them.
As soon would they consent to dispense with our
whole system of railroads and telegraphs and
other modes of internal communication.
This is by no means the first time that an im-
portant experimental enterprise has been scouted
as a wild and visionary scheme, involving a use-
less waste of time and money. This case belongs
not to the thousand schemes and humbugs of the
hour, resting upon no principles of science or of
common sense, but which contravene both. It
belongs to no class of supposed new discoveries,
nor docs it propose the development of any nuw
principle hitherto untried and unknown. It only
proposes to extend and enlarge the operation of
a well known principle of natural science, and
which has been thoroughly tested. But all new
and untried enterprises, whether practicable or
impracticable, must pass the ordeal of public and
private criticism. Fulton's experiment encoun-
tered jeers and ridicule, when he placed the first
steamboat upon the waters of the Hudson. The
first idea publicly announced of the possibility of
running carriages or cars over land by steam
power,"at the rate of thirty or forty miles an hour,
was jeered at as the fancy of some hair-brained
lunatic. Dr. Morse's proposition was made the
subject of jest when he asked the aid of Congress
to enable him to test the practicability of his
electric telegraph. The experiments and labors
of these men have overcome and outlived all op-
position and all skepticism, and their names stand
enrolled among the benefactors of their country,
and of their race.
Trial and experience are always better and safer
and more reliable than mere theory, however plau-
sible it may be. The learned Dr. Lardner was
once lecturing to an intelligent audience in Bos-
ton, and was expounding to them the physical
impossibility of crossing the Atlantic ocean by the
power of steam, when his beautiful and well-rea-
soned theory was all set aback and completely
overturned by the arrival, for the first time, of the
Great Western, direct from the docks of Liver-
pool. And now to-day, English and American
steamers are traversing the waters of the world;
and I regret, as an American citizen, to feel obliged
to add that through our narrow and short-sighted
policy, we are surrendering to Great Britain the
supremacy and almost the entire monopoly of
steam navigation upon the ocean.
Sir, it is a wise and an economical Government
which takes care to secure to its own citizens, by
timely and needful aid and encouragement to pri-
vate enterprise, the benefits of all tlu-great material
improvements of the day. I am in favor of our
Government having a hand in this great work,
andsharmginitshonorsand its countless benefits.
The work is too great and too expensive to be
undertaken by unaided private efforts. The com-
pany which proposes to undertake itis composed
of our own citizens, in partat least, who are gen-
tlemen well known to the country as possessing
the highest ehauieter foi iutegut'y, enterprise,and
responsibility. They have applied to tlie British
Government for aid. The British Government ex-
presses its willingness to lend the requisite nid,
and proposes to join the American Government in
granting such aid, the amount being stipulated,
upon precisely equal terms and conditions. The
offer of the British Government is a just and fair
one. It is tendered m a spirit of kindness, of
friendship, of confidence, and of !,!>erahty. Let it
be accepted in a corresponding s, .it on our pait.
Mr. .TONES, of Tennessee. I am not willing,
Mr. President, to allow the question to be taken
without at least entering my protest against this
measure, though I know that protests here amount
to very little; "they are the mere expression of
individual opinion.
The argument of the honoral'j Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Foot] is a very pretty thing—a
beautiful lecture on the progress of the age; and
he illustrates in terms most beautiful,as he always
does, the skill and ingenuity of man; but I cannot
sec, for the life of me, what it has to do with this
question. He tells us about the incredulity of
the world in regard to improvements which have
been suggested—such assteam navigation and the
electric telegraph. We all know that; but it has
nothing to do with this question. Some improve-
ments nave succeeded, ancPfcome have riot suc-
ceeded. The question for us to determine to-day
is, first, whethei we have the power to enter into
this contract, and, in the next place, if we have
the power, whether it is expedient or not to do
so.
As for myself, I do not recognize the power;
and I think I have been regarded as latitudinous
in my construction of the Constitution as any-
body. But if the power does exist, I deny the
expediency of the measure. To make it plain
and simple, what is it? Some gentlemen asso-
ciate themselves together, without any warrant
or authority of law, so far as we know; we know
nothing of their existence as a corporate body;
they are not responsible to the laws of the United
States in any shape or form; the}* call themselves
a telegraph company, and they come here and
ask the Government of the United States to be-
come a partner in the corporation by making this
contract. I ask the oldest Senator here to tell me
if any such thing has ever occurred in the his-
tory of this Government as the Government of
the United States becoming a partner in a private
corporation, or an association of individuals, with
or without law?
That, however, is not the strongest point of
objection with me. We not only become part-
ners in this irresponsible corporation, (if it be a
coiporation, about which we know nothing,) but
we become a grand national insurance company.
We are asked to guaranty to these gentlemen,
live, or six, or seven, or ten of them, certain
amounts of profit on their investment if they suc-
ceed. Does it not strike Senators as something
extraordinary that this Government should be
converted into a mere insurance office?
This is of a kindred spirit to a proposition
that was here the other day, When Congress was
asked to appropriate §50,000 to make "a'survey
to ascertain the practicability of a scheme of Mr.
Ellett'sfor making rivers wnere God never made
them. I appeal to the Senator from Vermbiftji
because I recollect to have had a conversation
with him on that subject, whether last year we
had not an exhibition m the rotunda of the Cap-
itol of an invention by which steam engines should
be made to ascend very high grades? The inventor
came here and asked Congress to do/precisely
what this company is asking us to do—make an
appropriation of money to test the feasibility and
practicability of his scheme. He was an Amer-
ican citizen, and the work was within the limits
of the United States, and for the benefit of all the
people of the United States; and yeuitwas not
done. But the other day a gentleman was here
with a-steam plow, and he wanted Congress, I
think, to make an appropriation to enable him to
try his experiment. If the Congress'of the Uni-
ted States has the power, and deems it wise and
expedient, to appropriate $70,000 a year for an
untried experiment which may or may not suc-
ceed, why may it not give money to this man to
build his railroad, h>nd"the other to try his steam
plow? When this Government assumes the
power to become a mere guarantor for the? fancies,
or the whims, or the capriccs frf every man who
comes here with an improvement, you might as
well open the doors of the Treasury and let the
money flow out to every man.
You levy taxes on my constituents, and bring;
them here for the purpose of supporting the Gov-
ernment, paying the legitimate expenses of the
Government; but instead of making an honest and
faithful application of the taxes thus levied, you
deal that money out to speculators who are to
realize fortunes if they succecd; and if they do not
euccecd the 'responsibility is dividod. Is it not
enough that we shall assist them by lending them
vessels ? If gentlemen choose to go that far, why
not stop there? They say that amounts to noth-
ing. That is not my understanding of the matter.
I believe it will be very expensive to the Govern-
ment to fit out and furnish vessels,and send them
oil on this servicc. Not content with that, they
ask us to indemnify them in a large profit—so
large that 1 understand, sincc this bill has been
before the Congress of the United States, the stock
in this moonshine concern has gone up to one
hundred and twenty-five, or one hundred and
thirty, or one hundred and forty dollars for the
hundred dollars.
It strikes me that we had better pause. I hope
this experiment will succeed. I am as anxious
for its success as the Senator from "Vermont. I
will not hazard an opinion; I have no such scien-
tific knowledge as would authorize me to express
an opinion on it; but if it does succeed, let this
Government pay for the use of it, just as she pays
for the use of the property of any of her citizens;
let her pay liberally and generously. If it fails,
it is their experiment, not ours. In my Judgment,
it is the strangest and wildest proposition that I
have ever seen seriously entertained by the Amer-
ican Senate-
Mr. BUTLER. I shall make no apology to the
Senate for detaining it on this subject; I am not
in a condition to speak long; but it seems to me,
as the huntsmen say, that there is an eagerness
on this trail. They cry the trail with an eager-
ness that I have scarcely ever known in the Senate
of the United States. Why not postpone this
| project for a year ? As far as regards the sphere
1 of observation which will enable us to form a
! determination upon it, why shah we precipitate
! this question and decidc it now within one or two
| days? If I could get a clcw to that, I should be
| very apt to find the way to this labyrinth. We
j have asked for a postponement. The friends of
j the bill will not grant it. They say we must make
i the experiment, and we must be the guarantor and
i insurance office for it. Theygo much further than
\ that: they say that we mustnotonly crcate—(and
i we have had nothing to do with the creation of
this corporation)—but we must adopt a foreign
corporation.
If a proposition were made in the Senate of
the United States to create a telegraph corporation
from one portion of the Union to the other, how
many votes would it get, provided we had to raise
the money to pay for it ? Let the old Anglo-S^xon
