870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
notion, that when you want money for any par-
ticular purpose you shall appropriate money for
that purpose, be adopted, and go to a tax-paying
constituency with this scheme, what would be
the result? Like my friend from Georgia,! rep-
resent a tax-paying portion of the constituency
of this Confederacy. I say this is a war against
cotton, and cotton has made your Treasury. I ■
do not say it is an intentional war on cotton.
I am not going to say that this project may not
succeed. I hope, so far as it is a development of
science, that it may succeed. I go further, and
say that, so far as regards the great development
of science which is to connect nation with nation,
I have no objection to it; but I have no idea of
trusting the destinies of commerce, and the des-
tinies of that portion of commerce in which I am
interested, to a foreign corporation over which I
have had no original jurisdiction. I do not ex-
press myself too strongly when I say it is the
most extraordinary proposition that has been
brought before Congress; and I should not feel
so much upon it if \ did not see crcscU eundo—u
goes all one way; and ail the money we appro-
priate for this object goes one way, very much
like what was said by the fox when he went into
the lion's den—nulla vesligiumretrorsum. All goes
one way, and none the other. You have appro-
priated nothing for the South; you have appro-
priated nothing for any object likely to develop
her commerce, her agriculture, or anything con-
nected with her; and yet, day after day, you have
propositions here to open ennnnunicaticTns around
the lakes of New Yoik. I have said that i have
been reconciled, though I could not consent, to
opening the Mississippi by your money; but I
will not consent to commit the destinies of my
portion of the country, and indeed I may say,
of the Confederacy, to a corporation created in
Great Britain, and by speculators in New York.
Who gets this money? Where does it come
iioin ?
If tins Confederacy depended on wising money
by direct taxation, the very people who are voting
for this tneasuie would not vote for it. .Sir, if it
depended on raising money for any liberal purpose,
1 answer for it, my poiiion of iho constituency
of the Union would he as liberal ns any, but ns
long rw the money is heie, and you ha\e the ma-
jority, you will take it. You have taken it. I
have asked nothing; 1 want nothing; let me alone.
But if this money is lo be appropriated at all, let
us appropriate it to increase the Navy, to go every
day, if you choose, from here to Great Hntain.
1 understand peife-'tly well how these things
operate. You jmtouly take the power of appro-
puatnig money to those who want it, but you
appropriate it to those who are the first to ask for
it. I low do these projects get in here > Not, as
I have said before, through any responsible chan-
nel, but a coiporalion comes hcie, and we adopt
a foreign corporation. We would not create one
within our own Territory. K has been denied,
by Federalists ai>d Republicans, that we have a
right to create a corporation for any purpose
within the (Jmted Suites, and vet, we adopt a cor-
poration out of the United States.
Mr, RUSK. Will mv frn >nd allow me to in-
terrupt him ? I wish to ask him if he does not
vote money <ite\ery session of Congress to pay
a hundred corporations inside (he United States,
for transmitting intelligence to evet y part of the
countiy?
Mr. BuODHKAD. And for u navy-yard at
Brunswick r
Mr. IH/rLr.R. The'gemlomau from Texas
puts Lis tjur-uioii with rather a taunting ail.
Air. lM'Sf\ Not at all.
Air. 1)U i LJi-K, An appropriation forcarrying
the mails is i ePu able to the po^toiace jurisdiction
cornl rred by the Constitution. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania e.sks me in regard to the naval
depot at Brunswick. That fails within the naval
power. 1 should iike to know where you get the
power to adopt a foreign corporation to regulate
your commerce. Y/e iiave an unlimited power,
as regards the use of any means to carry the
mails, I grant.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot allow the vote to
be taken on this subject, Air. President, without
saying a few words m relation to the principles
of this bill, which, it seems to rne, have been
misrepresented—1" cannot say studiourdy, but
which certainly have been misrepresented, in my
judgment, by almost every Senator who has ad-
dressed the Senate in opposition to it.
I deny emphatically, that the friends of this
measure propose to give the slightest aid to any
corporation towards building this line of tele-
graphic communication. I deny that the bill
before you proposes to appropriate one dollar to
that object. Those persons who propose to con-
struct this line of telegraph undertake to do it at
their own expense, and ask of you nothing but
an assurance that you will employ them if they
succeed. They say they are willing to construct
this line, and if they fail, to bear the entire loss;
and yet gentlemen tell us that we are making an
appropriation to assist in the construction. They
tell us that they are willing to undergo all the
risks of this untried experiment, and ask from
this Government nothing but an assurance that
it will employ them if tkey succced in building
the line. The practical sense of my fiiend from
Texas at once suggested the answer to the entire
argument of the Senator from South Carolina.
We propose to build up no new corporations m
this country; we propose to establish no new
hues. We propose to continue to do that which
we have done ever since telegraphic lines have
been m existence: we propose to employ the
men that own the line to carry our messages
when they shall be ready to carry them. That
is all the bill propose*.
My friend from South Carolina tells the Sen-
ate, and appeals to gentlemen who represent the
agricultural interests of the South, that this is
un attack on the cotton inteiest. Why, sir, I
know no maebmriy by which the interests of
the cotton planters of the southern and western
States could be more effectually protected than by
the building of this telegraphic communication.
The planteis of the West and South do not sell
their products themselves on their oww planta-
tions. Every nun who is aware of the course
of trade knows that all those phmteis employ
commission merchants in 'the large cities to sell
their crops; ami it is a matter of the gt cafes t pos-
sible moment that ttie <-ai best intelligence should
! be communicated to those merchants m relation
to the state of i'ortign matkef.s, that the interests
of the planters who me their correspondents may
not be sacrificed by the failure of this informa-
tion. Wc know that long prior to the establish-
ment of our tfdogiaphic lines, the commission
merchants in the huge cities of the South estab-
lished at their own expense express lines for the
conveyance of this vet y information, for the pur-
pose of protecting the interests of the cotton plait t-
1  tn against the veiy .spcculatois to whose inach-
! mations the gentleman from Georgia considers
i that they are now exposed. This is a measure of
! protection to the cotton planter.
j Hut the gentk man from Georgia says, let those
, interests which are concerned in this matter them-
i selves subscribe the money necessary for its ac- !
i comphshment. This appears to he a perfectly !
! good and sound argument; but it is based on the j
j assumption, which the Senator also makes, that j
; this Government will never have occasion to use j
the telegraphic wire, and, as he says, probably j
I for the last two years not a single nit st>age would '
have crossed the ocean upon it, if U had been in
• existence. We have heard—public rumor tells us
j so.and \ hope that public rumor is well founded— t
1 that the venerable Senator liom Michigan [Air. 1
Cass] is very soon to have under his control a ,
; Department of this Government which is spe- ;
: cully interested iu communications with foieign j
| countries. I)o 1 go too far in appealing to the ,
I intelligence and patriotism of that \enerable Sen- ,
j ator, whether he would or would not feel that he I
. had an arm m his hands capable of being devoted :
to the piot^etioa and to the promotion of the
r interests of the country, jf, seated in the chair of
. tile Department over which he may be caljcd upon 1
1 to pieside, he could communicate with the Aim- :
j isters of this country in all parts of the woild,
; and ascertain, by the touching of the knob of a j
: telegraphic wire, what was going on m foreign ;
! countries that might affect the interests of his ;
;own? !
Sir, are the foreign relations of this country
' upon a footing of such stability—aie we so sure ;
i oi the continuance of our present condition 'of ;
, peace, that we can afford to throw away an agency ;
, of this kind, that might be so valuable in case 1
1 of a sudden outburst of hostilities? How lon<r
would it take you now, in case of war with a for-
eign country, to communicate such intelligence
to your squadrons in the Mediterranean, or the
eastern waters, as would be necessary to recall
them to those points at which hostile forces might
threaten the interests of your countiy? Six
months or a year might be employed m sending
the intelligence, for which five minutes, if this
enterprise be successful, would suffice to call home
those whose services might be wanted.
Nor, sir, is this all. It is not true,as the Sen-
ator from Georgia says, that there is Inequality
of advantage in this matter. He places the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, and justly places it,
before us in the attitude of a Power interested in
communications, not only with this country, but
with all its colonies on this side of the Atlantic;
and so far his argument is perfect; but, on the
other hand, when he comes to speak of the ad-
vantages that we are to reap, he confines those
advantages to our communications with England,
forgetting the fact, that not only shall we enjoy
this immediate communication with England by
means of this telegraph, but that we shall thereby
become participants lYi all that net-work of inter-
communication between Great Britain and all the
other countries of Europe—Asia and Africa, that
are now connected by telegraphic communication
with London. Without having contributed a dol-
lar to the establishment of that international com-
munication, we gain the advantage of it all. Put
us in communication with London—and we are
asked to aid that by a promise of employing this
company—and we at once get the advantages of
every line of communication that has been estab-
lished between London and every other prominent,
point of the civilized globe. Is this nothing?
England is now in possession of it all; wc have
contributed nothing towards it; but she says to
us, as I once before had the honor to suggest to
the Senate,in a spirit of generosity and liberality:
" Join us in an equal encouragement of this new
enterprise, and you shall have not only equal
rights m it, but we will throw open to you every-
thing we have hitherto gained, and put you, with-
out one dollar of expense, on a footing of entire
equality with ourselves m our communications
witii the remainder of the civilized world," Is
that nothing? What do wc risk because the two
termini of this telegraph line belong to a foreign
nation ? Is not England now in the daily use of
telegraphic communications that pass entirely
through foreign countries? Does she find herself
injured by that? Do not the lines which cross
the Alediterranean find their two termini in coun-
tries foreign to British power, and entirely freed
from British domination ? And yet the British
merchants and the British Government daily,
hourly, use those telegraphic lines; and no sum
of money would induce them now to sacrifice the
advantages which experience has shown to be
attendant upon the use of that means of commu-
nication ?
Now, Mr. President, what is all this contro-
versy about? A simple proposition to promise a
company that we will employ them for ten years,
if they will carry our messages. If they 5o not
carry our messages, thev get no money; if they
do not carry our messages, they lose every dollar
they may expend in their experimental efforts to
establish this communication. If they do carry
our messages, we pay them for that and for noth-
ing else. And gentlemen raise a grave question
of constitutional power, in relation to our right
to pay a_ company for carrying telegraphic dis-
patches for us, and represent it in one breath as
an attempt on the part of this Government to
organize corporations, and in another, as an at-
tempt on the part of the Senate to give assistance
in advance to wild or moon-struck schemes, as
some gtnilemen term them. This scheme may
he wild; it may be the offspring of a moon-struck
fancy, m the consideration and judgment of some
members. In that of others, it is the well-de-
veloped, well-considered result, not only of scien-
tific research, but of actual, practical experiment.
I, myself, thoroughly believe m its success. But
whether successful or not is not now the ques-
tion. The question—the sole question is this;
these men say to you," If we carry your messages,
will you pay us for them2" And I propose that
the answer be, <( We will."
Air. TOOMBS. The argument of the Senator
from Louisiana is ingenious and delusive as the
