1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BT7
Mr. BROWN. What I meant to say in refer-
ence to a State committing suicide was this: that
if a border State, like New York, should allow
the monarchial people of Canada to come over
and vote, and exercising that right, and they
should overturn the republican institutions of New
York, that would be suicide; New York would
have brought in the Trojan horse, and she must
submit to the consequences. I &aid it was not in
contemplation when the Government was formed
that any such thing ever would occur; and there-
fore the Senator from Tennessee supposed very
extreme cases. Yet 1 admitted that, if a State
were capable of such madness, she had the right
to commit the act—not only the power, but I
contcnd also for the right.
The Senator then asks me, suppose an election
should be carried by the votes of foreigners thus
brought in, what I would do m reference to it.
Why, sir, I might have some difficulty in determ-
ining that question, if it eVer should arise. That
is supposing a very extreme case, based upon
• another very extreme supposition; and you may
go on supposing one extremity after another until
you would get any one in a difficulty; and yet I
have'no difficulty in answering according to my
present impressions. I should say that, in the
preservation of their rights, the other States
would, under the Constitution, be justified, not
only in protesting against the inauguration of a
President thus chosen, but resisting it jf necessary
even by force.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. After you had sanc-
tioned it here by your own voice and authority?
Mr. BROWN. Not at all. We sanction noth-
ing here. I asked the Senator before if the States
have not the right to do this? That was the point
—have the States a right to interpose? if the
States cannot regulate the right of suffrage, who
has the right to regulate it? Is it a right belonging
to Congress? If a State thinks proper to allow
these people to vote, and they do vote, I should
like to know how the Senator from Tennessee
would undertake to interpose to prevent it?
Would he ask Congress to say to the State of
New York, " You have fixed your election laws,
you have established the right of suffrage on a
' wrong basis, and therefore we propose to over-
turn it." Is that his doctrine?
* Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. 1 do not under-
stand the Senator, but I will tell him how to pre-
vent it. Denounce the doctrine, so that they will
never undeitako it. I have no doubt Canadians
now vote, though in no great number; but my
honorable friend from Mississippi dtsires to es-
tablish the doctrine that the States have the right
to bring them in by legislative authority.
Mr. BROWN. I maintain simply that, under
tJfe Constitution, cvciy State has the right re-
served to itself to fix the qualifications of voters,
and when they have done it, this Congress has
no power to interfere. That is my proposition;
and though they may fix it wrong—though I may
protest against it, if they give aliens the right to
vote, and say I do not assent to it, and I think
it is all wrong in principle, yet I say this Gov-
ernment has no right to interfere to overturn the
action of a State in this regard. That is all I
^ contend for, and have contended from the be-
' ginning.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not intend to make
a speech on this subject; but it is one of great
conscquence, and of very great importance, as to
what doctrine is to be promulgated by the Senate
of the United States, as my*friend from Tennes-
see has remarked. If public opinion is wrong on
this subject, the object of every statesman and
every Senator should be to correct it. I should
like to know the name of any eminent statesman
who has gone before us, who has ever announced
the doctrine that a State, under this Constitution,
may make a citizen, or confer the right of voting
on a foreigner, m any respect where it may ope-
rate on this Federal Government, or come in con-
nection with it. Are aliens among the people of
the Unitc"d States? Such is the inrimate_connec-
tion of each and every State of the Union, and
so far is the good of one part made to depend on
that of another pait, that the coopc-ration of all
within its constitutional limits,according to con-
stitutional principles, is essential to us all. I have
an interest as to who shall vote and who shall
not vote in every part of the Union.
To go back to the first authority to which I
will refer gentlemen, Judge Tuclcer, formerly a
professor of law in the College of William and
Mary, the proud and favorite institution of Vir-
ginia, who taught lessons of law and Constitution
to the young men of his generation—what does
he say about this subject? I cannot give you the
page, but you will find it in the first volume of
Tucker's Blackstone. lie takes notes of this
question, and he denies the right of a St-ue to
confer citizenship or the right of suffrage, in the
sense in which we are now discussing the subject.
If I am not greatly mistaken, Mr. Calhoun an-
nounced the same doctrine, in the most explicit
terms, on the floor of the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. Ho did so.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I did not recollect ex-
actly the occasion, and I am glad to have the
authority of the Senator from South Carolina, his
successor in office, for saying that he did proclaim
that opinion which I now entertain, that no State
can confer this right. We delude ourselves—we
spread false appeals and erroneous doctiines
through the country, when wc here undertake to
proclaim different doctrines. The subject de-
serves more consideration than any of us perhaps
have been called on to give to the question. It has
rather been the subject of hurried and heated de-
bate than of any deliberate consideration or de-
liberate judgment.
It may be of no consequence within some lim-
ited sphere; but when you come to look to the
distant and unlimited future, and to the distant
and unlimited contingencies which may occur,
and the little interests of the day to induce States
to borrow strength, if they can make citizens,
from adjoining Slates or foreign countries, it is
well worthy of consideration whether the con-
sistency, the true principle of the Constitution
can stand under the admission of so heretical, so
heterodox a doctrine as that the States can cieate
citizens and give them power to vote in matters
relating to this Government. It is assuming to
some a peculiar action over this Government,
which others may not choose to enjoy.
If each State may make its own citizens ad
libitum, where will the people of the United States,
the great majestic people, for whom alone these
institutions weie made, and under whose control
alone tliev were placed, be? in giving up to the
General Government this right to make citizens,
and confer the right of suffrage on aliens, they
gave no more than wasessential and necessary to
the promotion and foundation of our Govern-
ment. That is the truth. Let us not hesitate to
proclaim it under any of the delusionsof imagin-
ary State sovereignty. We impair the sover-
eignty of the States \jfhen we endeavor to extend
it to this mysterious, unintelligible, and mis-
chievous extent ? Why bring into question that
which would never be questioned when properly
applied? We do the Stales a mischief, and wo
inflict a wound on the Federal Government, and
on the Union itself, by so doing.
How lonv would this Union continue with the
sentiment avowed, that the States may lawfully
and constitutionally, ad libitum, create citizen-
ships and give the right of suffrage ? Would the"
North, I will say, expect the South to be faithful
to the Constitution, if they were to exercise tins
power and admit Canadians everywhere to vote?
Would the North be satisfied, if confining her-
self to her own legitimate vote and to her own
citizens the right of suffrage, she were to see the
South allowing Mexicans and Cubans to come m
and vote? Would anybody expect them to be
satisfied ? There could be no union—there could
be no uniformity in the exercise of such a power,
if all the States were to exercise it. The sufe
and constitutional doctrine in my judgment is,
that no State has the right to exercise it.
The gentleman from Mississippi says they will
not abuse it. This is an argument that cannot
weigh. Why was the Constitution made r Why
not say, it is unnecessary to have the limitations
in the constitutions? Will Congress commit sui-
cide? Will the Union destroy itself? In these
great arrangements of government, and in the
great affairs of mankind, we must limit, we must
ascertain and reduce to certainty the powers to be
exercised by one and another functionary. The
State Legislatures and Congress are only function-
aries of the people in one capacity or another;
and it is for them to say who shall exorcise the
one and who shall exercisc the other. Here is a
power that can only be safely and judiciously
exercised by Congress.
Look at the Constitution itself, and see it it
has not been wise enough, (and it required, but
little wisdom to see and comprehend it)—have not
the framcrs of the Constitution been wise enough
to place this power of giving citizenship and the
right of suffrage in proper hands when they gave
it to Congress? If you have a right to create a
citizen in a State, ana allow him to vote when he
is not a citizen of the United States, his locality,
his rejsidencc, is a matter of no consequence; you
may give that right to a man living without the
State as well as within, or on the borders of an-
! other State. Kentucky may, on the same prin-
| ciple, authorize the citizens of Indiana as fraternal
i neighbors to vote; Indiana may authorize the cit-
| izens of Kentucky to vote in her elections, and
; thereby, it might be urged, increase the alliance
| and intimacy and kindred between the two States.
| But is not the iniquity, the injustice, of it man-
' ifestatonce? We should exercise double powers,
Wc should vote twice when your honest citizen's
voted but once. It cannot be thought of. The
more one analyzes it, the more one thinks of it,
the more one looks at the Constitution in refer-
ence to this question, and the more you consult
the opinions of the past, and of the great tnen,
North and South, who have gone before us, an'd
look into the acts of Congress, the more manifest
it is that this power does not belong to the States,
but belongs to the Union.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the .chair.) Tiie question is upon the amendment
of the Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Biggs. 1
Mr. ADAMS called for the yeas and nays; and
they weie ordered; and being taken, resulted—-
yeas '24, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Miosis. Adams, Bayard, Bell of Tennessee,
Bo.ijainin, liing-, Brodiiead, Blown, Butlci, Clay, OUttcn
clou, 1-Vli, Fitzpatuok, Ueycr, Gw,n, Houston, Hunter,
Iver-on. Jouoj of Tonucs-ee, Mason, Pratt, Iteid, Rusk,
yiidol!, and Thompson of Kentuckv—2d.
NAY£—Me^sis Allen, Bell of New Hampshire, Btglcr,
UriprJit, Cass, Collamoi, Dodeo, Douglas, Duikee, Fe^cn-
den, Fit^l), Foot, Foster, Green, Hale, Harlan,
Johnson, Jones of Iowa, MaJiory, Nburse, Pu^h, Sebas-
tian, Sewird Stuart, Toombs, Toueey, TiumbaJ], Wade,
WYlJer, Wilson, and VuJee—32.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the second amendment of the Senator
from North Carolina.
Mr. BIGGS. 1 wish now to withdraw that
amendment, with the consent of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent.
Mr. R A YARD. I object to its being with-
drawn by consent. Let it be voted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made to the withdrawal, the question is on agree-
ing to the amendment.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
! now is on ordering the bill to a third reading.
The bill was ordered to a third reading', and
was read the third time.
Mr. ADAMS. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays wre ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would willingly vote
for the admission of the State; but in consequence
of the provision about which we have been de-
bating, 1 cannot vote for it. I will in no form
vote for such a denunciation of American privi-
leges artd rights.
Mr. BUTLER. I agree with my friend from
Kentucky. With my strong convictions on this
subject, believing that it is an invasion of the car-
dinal principles of this Confederacy, I cannot vote
j for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 22; as follows: %
YKAS-M.-^iv. Allen. Br-li of New Hampshire, Bigier,
Bi-glu. Oa>^, Coll.mifJi, Dodge, Douglas, Dutfceo, Fc&*en-
den, tish. Fitch, Foot, Poster,Oiecn, Hale, ILulan, Jain^,
, Johnson, ion^oi Iowa. Xoursc, Push, Sebastian, Seward,
! SruuH, Toombs, Toueey, Trumbull, Wade, Wciier, and
' Wilson—31.
! NAVS—Messrs. Adami, Bayard,Benjamin, Brgss, Biod-
! head, Biown, Buticr, Clay, Cmtcailcn, Fitzp:urick,Ci'yor,
i Houston, Huntei, Iver-am, Jones of TonnG seo, lla«n,
1 1'iait, Reid, Rusk, Slidel!, Thompson oi Kentucky, and
Yuk-e—-J2.'
| So the bill was passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
I Mr. CRITTENDEN. I rise, Mr. President,
