878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 36,
for the purpose of asking the Senate to take up a i
bill which has been a long time before us from !
the House of Representatives, and which has !
been delayed by calls for information that have 1
all been complied with, and which, unless it be j
considered very soon, although passed at an \
early day by the House of Representatives, will
be, perhaps, entirely overlooked in this body. I
mean the bill fixing the compensation to be re-
ceived by Lieutenant General Scott. I hope that
will be taken up and acted on.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise to a question of
order. What is the first business in order? Is it
not the unfinished business which was put aside
when this Minnesota bill was taken up?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am not very skillful
in the form of putting questions here. I can
qualify my motion by moving to dispense with all
previous orders for the purpose of taking up the
bill to which 1 have alluded. If this is inconve-
nient to gentlemen, and they will among them-
selves fix an early day on which it shall he taken
up, I shall be happy of the opportunity of accom-
modating; them.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish the question of
order decided. What is the first business in
order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will announce that the fust business in older will
be the House bill to authorize the people of the
Territory of Oregon to form a constitution and
State government.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I must ask the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of that bill.
Mr. RUSK. There is an unfinished bill that
was displaced by this special order this morn-
ing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That bill was
postponed until to-morrow.
Mr. RUSK and Mr. STUART. No, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was passed
over by the special order.
Mr STUART. It was displaced by this
special order.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Which has priority?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. 1 move to postpone all
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill
I have named.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There is no prior order until
senile one is announced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
under the impression that the prior order is the
Oregon bill. It is objected by some Senators that
the business properly befoie the Senate now is
the bill which was pending when the bill justdis-
posod of was taken up. The Chair will cheer-
fully yield to that suggestion, if such be the pleas-
ure of the Senate.
Mr. BRODHEAD. There is so much noise
about me that I did not hear the announcement
of the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
announced as its opinion that the business next
in order wns the Oregon bill.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Rut I understood the Chair
to announce that opinion on the ground that the
telegiaph bill was postponed until to-monow,
winch was not the casu.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was under the impression, but ltdid not influence
his judgment, that the telegraph bill had been
postponed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move to take up the tel-
egraph hill. 35
i he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky has moved to postpone, all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill in
relation to the pay of the lieutenant geneial.
Mi. BUTLER. I gave notice, the other day,
that I should ask the Semite to take up the bill
dative to the pay of General Scott. My friend
from California [Mr. "YVbi.lkr] having control
over the matter, told me he would do it; and in
good faith he eiifh nvored to get the floor, but
could not do so. The bill in relation to the sub-
marine telegraph will have priority, just as cer-
tain us it is called up; the Oregon bill will also
have prionty,and they will both pass; but if this
matter is to be acted on at all, I hope it will be
acted on at once.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope the Oregon bill will
be taken up and have a hearing, i shall take
great pleasure in voting with my friend from Ken-
tucky to take up the bill relating to the pay of the
lieutenant general whenever I can do it without ^
coming in conflict with measures to which i feel ;
bound to give priority. j
Mr. STUART. This question certainly must !
become of importance under our rules. To-day ■
we had under consideration, when the hour of (
one o'clock arrived,the telegraph bill. The Chair ,
announced that the special order being the ques-
tion on the reconsideration of the Minnesota bill,
was a privileged question, and displaced the tele-
graph bill, because it was privileged. Nov/, sir,
that privileged question has been disposed of
during the same day. The effect must be to bring
j the Senate back to where they were when that 1
: privileged question displaced the other one.
! There can be no doubt about that. I hope the
| Chair will review the question, and I think lie will ;
see that this is th* true principle. !
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 may perhaps enable the !
Senate to get out of this difficulty, by an appeal \
to my friend from Kentucky I shall be peifectly 1
willing to take up the bill which he desires to j
have brought before the Senate, at the earliest ■
moment; but I would suggest to him that he allow 1
those who agree with him in opinion on that bill
to dispose of the unfinished business before us, ;
get rid of it, and we shall then join him to take .
up his bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am always happy to ;
accommodate the gentleman; and I withdraw my 1
motion. :
OCEANIC TELEGRAPH. !
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the Senate take i
up the telegraph bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the amendments of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
493) to expedite telegraphic communication for
the uses of the Government in its foreign inter-
course; the {lending question being on Mr. Hun-
ter's amendment to the House amendments to
insert this piouso:
j Ptoviiln!, Thai the eontr.iet lieieby authorized <hall not
lie bnifliiiL' (Hi fhe I mted States until file >:un'* fliall have
been Mjb.nitted to and appioved by the Coiujkj-oj of the
Tinted States.
Mr. IVERSON. I move to lay the bill on the
table; and on that motion 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. FOOT. I suppose the honorable Senator
from Georgia makes that motion with a view to
have it regarded as a test question.
Mr. IVERSON". I will reply to the gentleman,
by saying that 1 intend it to be one test question;
but as to this being all the test questions that will
! be presented, I do not answer.
j The yeas and nays wer^ ordered.
Mr. "BIGLER. I desire to say that I have
paired off with the Senator from New Jersey,
| Mr, Wright,] who would vote for tins bill, and
i against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 29; as follows:
VIS VS—Allen, Ihar^, Bright, Hutlcr. Clay, Cut-
tenden, Ilvans, Fitzp.uoek, Fileli, Gever, (iieen, IJouMon,
Hunter. Iveivon, John-on, Jon«*>< ot Tennessee, Ma-on,
Pugli, Reid, s?el>.i«ti<ni, Shdell, Thompson of Kentucky,
Toomlw, jukI Tnnubull—2-1
,Vi\VS--MewN. Jiayatd, Hell of Now Hamp^nre, Bell
of Tennessee, Benjamin, Uiodhead, Biown, Coilamer,
Dodge, Douglas, Dinkee, Fe^enden. Fi-h. Foot, Foster,
Ow in, flaiian, Jaun>, Jones of Iowa, M.illot}, Nourse,
Pratt, Rn-k, Sewaul, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toueoy, Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—29.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table; and the question recurred on Mr. Hun-
ter's amendment.
Mr. HUNTER called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
— yeas 24, nays 28; as follows:
YFAS—Allen, Clay, Crittenden, Evan",
Fiteh, Fjtzpattiek, Cover, Creen, Houston, Hunter, fver
son, Johnson, Jones ot Tennessee, .Mason, Puuh, Reid, Se-
bastian, Shdell. Thompson of Kentuekj, Toombs, Tium-
Imll. Weller, and Yulee—24.
NAY>S—Mex-iM.I5aj.ud, Bell of Mew tramp-hue. Roll
of Tennessee, Kenjuimn. Blight. fiiodhead, Ooiiamei,
Dod^e, Douslfis. Dmkoe, Fes-enden, Fi-ii, Foot, Foster,
Gwin, Hati.ui, Jam^, Jono.- ol' fowa, Mnliory, Nourse,
Piatt, 11 ii-«k. Sewaul, Stuart, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toucey, Wade, and Wilson—-23.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. IVERSON. I have an amendment which
I desire to oifer to the amendment of the House
of Representatives, it is to add a proviso—
That it shall bo the duty of said person, persons, or asso-
ciation—
I think that is the term by which the company is
designated in the bill—
by the properolfieer thereof, to ttnke annual return", under
o.tm, to the Pie-ifleiii of the United iHatc*, of the capital
stoc-k aotmi'v paid m and expended, and the. annual re.-
eeipt- and ew-mlitines and net pjofif - ot said association ;
and m deiault of ■-U'-h tetinn-, the -aid -uni, for the use of
the -aid tejf^iripli provided hv this bill, .-hall be withheld
by the President until the same thall be made.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a question of order.
The House of Representatives 1ms amended the
bill that passed the Senate. It is obvious that this
is not on amendment to the House amendments,
but is an amendment to the bill, and js therefore
entirely out of order. It is not at ail germane to
any amendment put into the bill by the House of
Ilepresentutncs. The object of this amendment
of (he Senator from Georgia, as 1 understand,
is to provide for accounts to be rendeted for the
purpose of ascertaining when the profit of six
per cent, shall be reached. The Senate, however,
have made no proviSiq/i on that subject, nor has
the House of Representatives. This is an amend-
ment to the entire bill, not to any amendment
that has come to us from the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. HUNTER. The question whether the
matter of the amendment is consistent with the
House amendments is a question for the Senate,
and not for the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair so
decides.
Mr. HUNTER. Jt may be a reason for Sen-
ators to vote against il; but the Chair cannot take
from Senators the privilege of voting on it. I
think it is a legitimate amendment.
Mr. PUGII. I think the Senator from Louis-
iana is entirely mistaken.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the point of
order.
Mr. PUGH. Then I shall speak to the amend-
ment itself.
Mr. IVERSON. I have offered this amend-
ment in good faith, not with the intention of
clogging or embarrassing the bill, though I am
oppos<d to it in any shape or form m which it
has been, or can be, presented. I do not intend
now to make a speech on the merits of the bill.
They have been discussed at length much rrioro
ably than I could hope to do it, and 1 know that
I could not enlighten the Senate on the subject.
I think, howevt-j, this amendment ought to be
adopted; and 1 wish to state in a lew words the
reason why I think so.
There is a provision m the bill that when the
profits of the company shall reach six per cent,
the annual amount which the Government is to
pay to them shall be §50,000, instead of $70,000.
The amount of the compensation paid by the Gov-
ernment is to be reduced $20,000 per annum when
the profits of the company reach six per cent.
There is no provision in the bill to ascertain when
the profits ever do amount to six per cent. They
may amount to sixty per cent, without the Con-
gress or President of the United States knowing
anything about them. No plan is pointed outm
the bill by which this fact is to be ascertained.
How can wc limit the appropriation to $50,000 a
year when we do not know, and probably never
will be informed, when the profits exceed six per
cent. ? 1 have no doubt that the profits will largely
exceed six per cent, the first year of the actual
operation of the company.
The $70,000 paid by each of the Governments
of Great Britain and the United Spates will be
more than six per cent, on the capital in zested.
They talk about investing $3,000,000. 1 venture
my salvation that it will not cost $] ,500,000; and
if it be ,500.000, >140,000 a year is nearly ten
percent, on that amount. Then there must he
something expected to be obtained from private
source's. The $140,000 is what the two Govern-
ments pay in their sovereign capacity. Then the
company are to charge individuals for telegraphic
communication, and that is to be added to their
receipts, as a matter of course. The receipts must
be sufficient, including this doucexir from the two
Governments, to be more than six per cent, the
first year of tbeirorgamzation; but no matter how
much it may be, there is no plan pointed out in
this bill or any way by which the Government
of the United States can ever ascertain what the
receipts and expenditures are, and what the net
profits are, so as to putin practical operation that
clause of the bill which provides for reducing the
