1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
879
amount from $70,000 to $50,000 annually. I ask
that these returns be made by the company under
oath, because there is no other sanction that could
draw truth from them—a return under oath of
their receipts and expenditures—first, to ascertain
the amount of capital actually invested in this
company, and then the receipts and expenditures
of the concern, with the net profits made by it.
In that way the President or the Congress of the
United States can determine whether their net
profits go beyond six per cent., and when they do
so, in order that the amount of the annual appro-
priation may be reduced from $70,000 to $50,000.
It is an amendment whith ought to be adopted in
good faith. It is offered in good faith, and X hope
it will be adopted.
Mr. RUSK. I am very glad the Senator from
Georgia informed us in the opening and conclu-
sion of his speech that this amendment had been
offered in good faith. I should have been so stu-
pid as not to see it in that light if he had not
stated it. I take his statement, however. It seems
to me that he hay not investigated this subject.
This bill puts the United States on precisely the
same footing as the British Government. The
British Government did not go into an unlimited
contract, but they assumed a certain amount
which the work was to cost; and that amount
was <£350,000 sterling. Whenever the profits
shall reach six per cent, on the amount assumed
as the capital by the British Government, which
is <£350,000 sterling, the payment is to be reduced
to $50,000 a year.
Mr. 1VERSON. How are we ever to ascer-
tain when the profits are six per cent, on the
assumed amount of capital, without getting the
accounts of the company?
Mr. RUSK. You can pass a resolution to get
the accounts at any time. This is a contract, but
you can ascertain that fact at any time by a reso-
lution.
Mr. COLLAMER. I agree with the views of
the Senator from Texas; and it seems to me this
bill provides for the case. It provides that these
people shall enter into a contract with the Gov-
ernment, and it prescribes what the essential
leading features of the contract shall be. Of
coursc, there must be put into the contract all
those conditions and limitations which will enable
them to ascertain and carry out the leading points.
They should be in it, and must be in it. The bill
provides that the tariff of fees shall be fixed by
the Government; that if their percentage amounts
to so much, the sum paid by the Government
shall be reduced. Make a contract according to
this bill, and the very terms of the contract will
specify how that matter is to be ascertained. If
it is made as any decent lawyer would make it,
the terms of the contract will provide for ascer-
taining it.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that the support-
ers of this bill in vain attempt to evade the force
of the amendment offered by the Senator from
Georgia. The Senator from Texas says that this
six per cent, is upon an assumed amount of cap-
ital. That is not the bill.
Mr. RUSK. The bill says our contract shall
be on the same terms with the contract of Great
Britain. If the Senator will examine the contract
of the British Government, whiclnaccompanies
the bill, he will see it.
Mr. PUGH. Then we are brought to the ques-
tion, whether the plain terms of the bill are to be
controlled by outside references? I think it ought
to arrest the attention of the Senate for the pur-
pose of showing that a more incongruous and ill-
drawn proposition than this never was submitted.
Here is the bill, providing m express terms:
u And for the'me of such hUbtnarme communication,
when established, by the Government of the United States,
on such tetms and conditions nssjmil seem to the President
just and leasonable, nut exceeding §70,000 per arm vim, unul
the net piotits ot'such jier^on, persons, or association shall
be equal to a dividend of six percent, per annum, and then
not exceeding $50,000 per annum for twenty-five yeais."
When are we to know it? Never. It will be
the interest of this association that we shall never
lenow it. When they make known the fact to us
officially that their dividends exceed six percent.,
they are to be reduced from ^70,000 to $50,000.
It is their direct interest to conceal this fact. This
amendment is not only germane to the original
bill of the Senate, but it is germane to the House
amendments. We reserve by them the right to
terminate this contract after nine years What
would be the inducement to Congress to termin-
ate the contract ? The bad faith of the company,
the negligence of the company to inform us of its
condition, the misbehavior of the company, the
violation of the essential terms of the agreement.
And yet, when it is proposed that we shall sim-
ply require of these gentlemen who are to be our
beneficiaries, and every mile of whose telegraph
we make by this bill, to tell us what is their con-
dition and what are their profits, we are told that
any competent attorney, in drawing the contract,
would put it in. Has the Senator from Vermont
forgotten that this bill limits the contract to the
language of the contract made with the British
Government?
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no contract made
with the British Government. The leading terms
are agreed upon; but the drawing out of the par-
ticulars for carrying those terms into effect, of
course, will bo just such as the gentleman, as a
lawyer, would put mas a matter of course. They
will provide all the stipulations by which to get
at the time, place, and manner of carrying this
power into effect.
Mr. PUGH. Now let us see. Hero is the
bill:
li Provulrd further, Thsit the contract to be m;tdo by the
Government not be dilVcient from thai alioady
piopo^ed bv (li.it (iovernmcnito the New York, Newfound-
land, and London Telegraph Company, except such pro-
visions as may he necessary to secure to each Government
the transmission of its own messages by its own agents."
In a previous part of the bill we are limited to
the terms which the British Government may
make; and thus these gentlemen, by their own
bill, have made it impossible for the President to
assert the proposition on the conditions specified
in the amendment offered by the Senator from
Georgia. It comes then to this: as the bill stands
now with the House amendments, you have for-
bidden the President—you have forbidden the
Secretary of State to demand the very security
which is embodied in the amendment now offered
by the Senator from Georgia; and the question
recurs, shall we have that security ? Mr. Presi-
dent, let us look at the history of this bill.
These gentlemen appear before us with a cor-
respondence between them and the British Gov-
ernment, from which it appears that thus far they
have been at no expense at all. All the expenses
of the sea-soundings, to test the practicability of
their project, whether they can strike the.bottom
of the Atlantic across from Newfoundland to Ire-
land, has been borne by this Government. Your
Navy has been engaged in taking sea-soundings
for the benefit of these gentlemen. They have
not been at the expense of one dollar. You have
tested the practicability—if this be a testing—of
their proposition. You have demonstrated it for
them, if it he a demonstration. They propose,
on the footing of your expenditure of public
money, and the use of your public ships, to avail
themselves of it. You have taken the sea-sound-
mgs. Now, what has the British Government
offered to do? It offers to verify these soundings,
and to take such others as may be necessary.
That expense the corporators are not put to in
any shape or form. Then what? They are to
buy the wire. How much does the wire cost'
I have never heard it stated, except by the Sen-
ator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs.] He says a
million of dollars is to be the cost of the wire.
That is to be the whole expense of the company,
from beginning to end. They did not pay for the
sea-soundings; they are not to pay for those
which are to be made. They are at no earthly
expense but the price of the wire. And what
have you agreed to do? You have agreed to give
them $70,000 a year, and the British Government
is to give them "$70,000 a year, payable in Lon-
don, with the advantage of exchange in favor of
London to that amount. Upon the faith of that j
guarantee, reaching through a period of twenty- ;
five years, they will borrow the money to pay i
for the cable. I do not believe these gentlemen ;
will ever pay a cent out of their own pockets, or ,
ever intended to pay a cent. Who is to lay the j
cable? We and the British Government are to ;
do it. This is the beginning and the end of this j
splendid philanthropic scheme. The wit of cer- :
tain gentlemen, calling themselves " persons, j
associations, or companies," has taken advantage
of the public action of the British Government,
and of our Government, to make money on our
eapital.
Sir, I do not think it is half as respectable as
the Collins line of steamers. These gentlemen will
not expend one cent of money, for they will bor-
row it upon the faith of this contra^. Do we not
know how railroads are built ? I think my col-
league knows how they were built in Ohio, and I
presume in other States. If the corporation can,
by begging, by private subscriptions of fictitious
amounts in msny cases, by county bonds, by
township bonds, by State bonds, by all the con-
trivances of credit, get sufficient amounts to make
the graduation and masonry, that is to say, to
fit the road bed for rails, and put up bridges, they
can borrow money to put down the iron. That
is the history of railroad enterprises; and I say
these gentlemen, on the faith of this bill, if it'
becomes a law, will borrow the money to pay
for the cable. I said before, I verily believe they
never intended to put a cent of their money into
it, and they do not intend it now. The object is
to induce us to take upon ourselves the construc-
tion of this work in this indirect manner.
Now, when a Senator rises and simply asks
the bare privilege that we, who are the guarantors
of the undertaking—we who are to pay the money
for it, and that, too, without any benefit to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, shall simply have
an account stated to us that we may know when
the time comes to reduce thisgratuity from S70;000
to $50,000 a year, that we may know when the
proper time has come, after the expiration of ten
years, to stop this contract—when we simply
ask light from this corporation, we are told it is
too late to put it into the bill. Then it is too late
for the bill to pass. According to any sound doc-
trines of statesmanship, it is a necessary safe-
guard. It cannot be made otherwise. So much
for that amendment, and my views connected
with it.
I should not have said another word on the
general proposition but for the remark of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] this morn-
ing, that we simply proposed to buy the right to
use the telegraph wire of these gentlemen. We
do not need any contract for that. We can get
the use of any telegraph wire in the United States,
provided we pay Tor it. If this be, as the Sen-
ator from Vermont [Mr. Foot] has said, the great
achievement of the age; if it be perfectly practi-
cable; if it be that which is to convince skepticism,
and put to flight all the ridicule and censure of
its opponents, why do not these gentlemen put
their money into it and make it? They can then
charge us exactly what they choose. They can
charge us for our skepticism; they can put a little
•addition on the price to pay for all the jokes that
have been made at their expense by my friend
from Kentucky, [Mr. Thompson,]-and others.
It is because they have no faith in it, except as
they may be backed by the long purse of this'
Government and the Government of Great Brit-
ain, that they come here.
I do not say that it is not practicable; I do not
know; but I say, as the Senator from Kentucky
[Mr. Ckitienden] said, it is a private enterprise;
the benefits will result to piivate individuals, and
it will never be of any use at all to this Govern-
ment. There is no more authority for voting
money to it than there is for voting money to
construct a railroad from the city of Washington
to the city of New York. We have refused to
appropriate money to construct a telegraph from
the Mississippi river to the Pacific coast. There
might be some argument for that. We might be
told that the remoteness of our States and Terri-
tories on the Pacific—the necessity for their pro-
tection was such that we ought to be instantly
informed of what was transpiring there. We have
given them the poor privilege of the land <jver
which they shall pass, but have refused them a
dollar of money.
Now, this scheme is setup, and it is set up
especially for the benefit of the agricultural in-
terests. Sir, they will never be benefited to the
extent of a dime. This Government is to send
its messages over the line—where? To Ireland.
Have you a guarantee that they will ever get a
foot beyond Ireland? Where is your security in
the shaoe of a stipulation from the British Gov-
ernment, or from anybody else, to control the
line from Ireland to London? or that your mes-
sage will ever go beyond the coast of Ireland ? It
neverwill, if it is the interest of the British Gov-
ernment that it shall not.
