THE CONGRESSIONAL
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, B; <3;.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 27, 1857.
New Series. .. .No, .56,
this bill violates the Constitution, you have vio-
lated it every day. I care not whether this com-
pany be a corporation ornot; they get no money
unless they complete the line, and that is what 1
want to see. You are using corporations every
day to transport your mails. This is for the pur-
pose of transporting intelligence. Is it a violation
* of the Constitution to send a message from here
to your Minister in England ? Is it a violation,
of the Constitution to receive a message from your
Minister there? If so, you have been violating
the Constitution for a long time, and at a vastly
greater price than the cost now proposed. 1 shall
not go into this subject, for I do not wish to delay
the Senate, and I trust we shall get a vote.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I am far from
being well; but this is a measure that has aston-
ished me; and I certainly feel indebted to the
clarion notes of some of the sentinels who have
cried aloud on this subject, especially to my friend
from Ohio, and my friend from Georgia. I ven-
ture to say, sir, that there is not a proposition in
the amplitude of its extravagance, that has ap-
proached it since I have been here.
I have a right to ask to whom belongs the
Treasury of this Confederacy ? I know who con-
tributes to it, but I should like to know to whom
it belongs? I will tell you to whom it belongs.
It belongs to a combination of stock-jobbers,
skillful, importunate, dangerous,invading specu-
lators.
Sir, this Government is dependent not at all on
any of the principles whiihare prescribed by the
Constitution. It depends not even on the discre-
tion of justice. It does not depend on the dictates
of wisdom. It depends on the temptations of in-
terest; and when interest puts its hand into the
Treasury, I rather think it may be as Clive said
when he was called to account after he had come
from the East Indies—he was astonished at his
moderation. He had filled his casket with money
from the jewels, and he said he was astonished at
his moderation I I have no doubt these interests
will say they are astonished at their moderation.
"The best condition of things for this Government
■would be to have no money in the Treasury. 1
know to whom it belongs. -Ask to increase the pay
of an officer of the Army, who gets a thousand or
fifteen hundred dollars, and you will hear it dis-
puted. Let there be a proposition to give three
millions, or five millions, or ten millions to a cor-
poration, and you will find a concentrated effort,
and more than that, you will find all the sanc-
tions of skill and intelligence invading the Treas-
ury of the United States. This is to be at the
expense of my section of the country. Whether
we are a united people or not, we are arming
others to make war upon us. I am not going to
stand here patiently under it.
I am astonished at this movement. ^Why are
we to give this amount to a foreign coloration'
England is always at war; and if wo are to join
her in this telegraph, I suppose we must join her
in fighting, to protect our interest in it. Itis not
likely that we can oppose this measure success-
fully; but if gentlemen would only postpone it for
one year, if they would give us an opportunity
to have the instructions of time, I might assent
to it; but they will not do that. I have entered
K\y protest against it. I am not very well, and
I do not intend to go further into the argument.
Mr. GREEN. I simply desire to say that I
see no reason why those who oppose this meas-
use should be called opposers of improvement, of
discovery, of invention. I have never yet seen
the man who denounced Mr. iN^orse as a mere
speculator. While honorable Senators refer to
the first establishment of the line between the city
of Washington and the city of Baltimore as a rea-
son why we ought to engage in this project, and
while they have said that was called a humbug,
I have never yet seen the man who said so.
Where is he ?
Mr. RUSK. He was here on the floor of Con-
gress.
Mr. GREEN. Heis always at a far distance.
Science, discovery, common sense, will ever pre-
56
vail and rule the Government, in spite of every
scheme that may be gotten ujjj|
But, sir, the reason, and the only reason, why
I vote against this bill, is this: first, the interest
which the United States, as a Government, have
in a communication between the shores of the
Atlantic, on the east and west side, does not jus-
tifyan expenditure of $50,000 or §70,000 a year;
second, the interest which the commercial com-
munity may have in ir is a matter with which
the Government has nothing to do'. Whether it
will prove to the advantage of the cotton interest
or not is no subject for me to consider; but when
gentlemen say that it will inure to the benefit of
the cotton-growing interest, I am astonished at it.
If communication from the great cotton market
be tardy, the buyer and the producer are both
placed upon the same foundation. If the commu-
nication from the great cotton market be speedy,
the buyer and the producer are both placed on the
same foundation. You may make this telegraph
or bring information by steamers, or you may
blot out steamers, telegraph, and all, and bring it
by common sailing vessels, and still the grower,
the producer, and the speculator will stand the
same chances of success. It is idle to say that
this will inure to the benefit of the producer or
the grower of cotton, or any other of the pro-
ductions that we supply to the markets of the
world.
I hold, sir, that this Government ought never,
however specious the ground, however plausible
the pretense, however disguised may be the argu-
ments advanced by such as the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, to step beyond the line of bound-
ary that circumscribes this Government as aGov-
ernment. Where is our right to engage in anything
outside of the United States? I admit, if our in-
terest as a means of communication with our
diplomats in foreign parts requires us to do this,
we have a right to do it. But does the Senator from
Louisiana say—I dare him to answer the ques-
tion—that it is for the benefit the Government will
derive from it that it is desired? Not a single
honorable Senator dare answer this question. If
you cannot answer this question, I dare you to
answer a second; What right have you as a Gov-
ernment to establish a means of communication
for commerce, for agriculture, or for anything
else? WB'have a right to protect ourselves. 1
care not what the means are, or what the cost may
be, if. is our duty; it rests upon us in an impera-
tive sense, and we will discharge it. But as a
Government it is also our duty to let the people
alone, to let Wall street alone, to let the commerce
of the country alone, to let agriculture alone; for,
in my opinion, the doctrine of the immortal Jeffer-
son to this day stands unimpeached, to wit:
"Agriculture, commerce, manufactures are all
most prosperous when left most free to the com-
petition of individual enterprise. The Govern-
ment draws its revenue from all the people; it
distributes it to few. As you increase the pur-
poses to which that revenue is to be distributed,
you multiply and increase the chances of favor-
itism, and undue advantage being given to the few
over the many."
The Senator from Louisiana also says that the
telegraph is worthy of being established, and that
these individuals desire no aid from the Govern-
ment in establishing it. So be it. If they do
not, I am perfectly willing, and so is every Sena-
tor in this body, to say, "I bid you God speed;
go on, and make your telegraph." If they ask
nothing from this Government, why is it that
they are before the Senate? Why is it that they
were before the House of Representatives? They
must expect something, or else they would ask
nothing. What is it they want? If they want
no money—if they want a privilege, they ought
to know that the Atlantic ocean belongs to the
world and not to the United States, and that we
have 110 right to grant them the privilege to lay
a telegraph wire across that ocean. If it obstruct
commerce, it will be broken—it will be torn up.
If it does not obstruct commerce, they do not need
our consent to put it down. If they do want money,.
then what ? It brings up a question that is not
to be avoided. I dislike to say a single word oa
the subject, and would not do it but from imper-
ative necessity. It brings up this question: the
prospect of the enterprise will either justify the
investment of private capital o#it will not. If it
will justify the investment of private capital, they
do not need the aid of this Government. If it will
not justify the investment of private capital, we,
as a body of sixty-two Senators, not ten of whom
know a single thing about the whole subject ex-
cept that the proposition is to take money away
from us—if the Argus eyes of money, of cftpitid,
of schemers and plotters who wield the control
of capital, will not invest it, ought we to be ex-
pected to do so ? '
Again, we are expected to pay $70,008 a year
to this company. Now, I ask the Senators pres-
ent this sirrfple question: will the use of that tel-
egraph be worth $70,000 to this Government? If
it will not, you are violating your duty. If it
will, then, I ask, will not the Argus eyes of cap-
italists seize hold of this measure as an invest-
ment, and say:" We choose rather to make more
than $70,000 out of you, the United States, and
we intend to make the telegraph, and make you
pay for it what we please; we will make you pay
more than $70,000?" I say, that if they did not
know, and were not well assured of the fact, that
the use of this telegraph to the United States, as
a Government, was not equal to the $70,000,
and if they believed they could make more than
$70,000 out of it, they would never come and
make this proposition to us. It is all a scheme
and a system to take money out of the United"
States Treasury, and put it into the pockets of
individual speculators.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. May I ask
my friend from Missouri one question ?
Mr. GREEN. With the utmost pleasure,
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Have you
ever been able to find out whether this is' a cor-
poration, or not a corporation, or the name of
one solitary man that is interested in it ? I cannot
ascertain one man that has stock or is interested
in it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will answer the question
on that subject. The principal stockholders are
George Pcabody and Peter Cooper, of New York.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Peter Cooper is the pres-
ident of the company, and as honest a man as
there is in America.
Mr. GREEN. Are they incorporated ? Is it'
a body-politic? Is there any responsibility rest-
ing upon them as men ? No one can answer. I
beg my honorable friends from Louisiana and
Pennsylvania to tell me whether Mr. Peabody is
answerable, in one single dollar, for any promise
or obligation in this whole enterprise ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have taken no part in
this debate, but I will say to the Senator from
Missouri that I know the president of this com-
pany—Peter Cooper. He is the largest stock-
holder in it, and it is under his auspices. He is
the president of the company; and he is as high-
minded and honest a man as there is in America.
He has invested large sums of money in it.
Mr. GREEN. iW much ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. X do not know the exact
amount, but it is very large.
I Mr. GPiEEN. When was the charter granted ?
j! Mr. BRODHEAD. I do not know when it
11 was granted; but he is the president of the com-
!l PaS!r. GREEN. It is a floating unsettled kind
iI of corporation. Mr. Peter Cooper? Well, I
II love coopers. They hoop up and contract things
|i within proper limits and make them all right.
!1 Mr. Peter Cooper, the friend of the honorable
j! Senator from Pennsylvania, is a corporator. I
|i have not a word to say against Peter Cooper nop
ji any other of the Cooper family ; but I have this
i! to say: is Mr..Cooper responsible to thisGov-
I eminent for anything, whether he.succeeds or
!! does no( succeed ? Not a single dollar. Now, I
i sihoulti like—no; E would sot like, but I will carry
II out the illustration by stating it as though I did
