882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
like—to get up a scheme in which I, as a Mr.
Cooper, should have the privilege of drawing a
large amount of money from the Uni-ed States on
condition that I succeed; if I fail, Uncle Sam
foots the bill; if I succeed, I pocket the profits.
Mr. RUSK. Would the Senator invest a dol-
ar in this project ?
Mr. GREEN. Ifthe United States will guaranty
me a profit of seven per cent., and my friend from
Texas will lend me the money to put at six per
cent., I will do it. [Laughter. J Why? Because
if it fail I get my seven per cent., and I only pay
six; and if it sueeeeds I make more than seven
per cent.
What does this Government want with this
line of telegraph ? I speak of the Government,
not of individuals. I know New York city; I
know the commerce of that great city; I am proud
of that city; I would not abate one jot or tittle from
her grandeur, from lier excellence, from her power,
and her influence; but shall we establish a tele-
graph for the benefit of New York? By no means.
We hare done what, more than six years ago, in
the other wing of the Capitol, I said was wrong,
in voting away millions of money to establish a
line of mail steamers from New York to Liver-
pool. If that was wrong, when there was some
pretext to justify it, this is still more wrong.
Does the Grovernment need the use of this tele-
graph ? I undertake to say, without fear of sue
cessf'ul contradiction, that not one solitary thou-
sand dollars' worth of communications will be
made by it per annum, if established. Every-
thing important, everything of a momentous char-
acter, everything that relates to the policy, the
secret history, and designs of this Government,
must be sent by special agent, by a special com
munication. 1 once liad the honor of serving ;
little in that capacity,"and I know that the inter-
ests of ellis Government would never be safe when
the secret purposes, secret designs, and special
intents ol the Government were made known
through a public channel of communication. It
is idle to talk about it. Do you desire to com-
municdte to Mr. Dallas eerl.iin information about
what you want done? You dare not, trust it to
this (me of communication, both ends of which
are in the hands of the enemy. Do you desire
to communicate to Mr. Belmont something with
reference to the Netherlands? You dare not trust
it to this instrument that belongs to the public;
and why? Some undue advantage may be gained
by which all secrecy is lost and destroyed, and
the United States lose the benefit of their privacy,
which is r;o desirable in such matters.
Sir, Missouri needs mails; Illinois needs mails;
the western States need malls. They have a right
to expert of this Government that mail lacihties
shall be extended to them,because then- ma pos-
itive; constitutional power to do so; but while
money is taken out of tile Treasury for this wild,
scheming, stock-jobbing concern, without refer-
ence to the execution of any power under the
Federal Constitution, our mail facilities must be
forever denied. The cry is, the Post Office De-
partment cannot sustain itself; the cry is, that
there is too much drain on the Treasury; and yet
these schemes spring up here, and we are called
upon to contribute to them.
1 intend to defeat this measure by any and every
honorable means of defense. I place my oppo-
sition to it 011 the ground, first, that the Govern-
ment does not need it; second, if the Government
did need it, its use would not justify the expendi-
ture: third, as a commercial 'means, as a means
to communicate commercial information, you have
not the power; and that is the whole ground on
which the honorable Senator from Louisiana
placed it,and I dare any other Senator to putiton
anyothergiound. They cannot do it. When they
put it on that giound they concede that this Gov-
ernment, as a Government, has no right to con-
tribute a single dollar to this scheme, 1 leave the
subject.
IVilr. BUI'LLR. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The question being taken, oil a division there
were—ayes 13, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. SEWARD. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I ask for a division again
on the motion to adjourn. There are other Sen-
ator in the lobby.
The question being taken, there were, on a
division—ayes 15, noes 23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Iyerson.]
Mr. REID stated that Mr. Sebastian had
paired off.
The question b§|ng taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows;
YEAS—Messis. Allen, Biggs, Cutler, Clay, Crittenden,
Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Gcyer, Green, Hunter, lverson,
Mason, Push, Iteid, SJideli, Thompson of Kentucky, and
Toombs—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brodhead, Brown,
CoSl.tmer, Douglas. Durkee, Fessenden, Fish, Foot, Foster
Gwin, Harlan. James.Nourse, Pratt, Rusk, Seward, Stuart,
Thomson of New Jeisey, Wade, and Wilson—22.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring in the amendments of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. PUGH. I ask that the amendments be
separately voted on.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the Senator object to
any of the House amendments?
Mr. PUGH. I shall move to amend one of
them, and one of them I do not understand, un-
less I can see it in connection with the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the first amendment of the House, which is,
page 2, line twenty-six, to stiike out the words,
" a period of fifty years," and insert, "all time,"
so that the clause will read:
Provided further, That the United States, and the citizens
theieof, shall enjoy the use of the said telegraph commu-
nication for all tune, See.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The second
amendment of the House of Representatives is to
strike out the words " in the," and insert:
Recognizing equality of rights among the citizens of the
United States m the use of saut submarine communication,
and the line* of telegraph winch may at any time connect
with the siin:1 at tin* terminus on the coa:-t*of Newfound-
land, and in any;
so that the clause will read:
Proi idc<l l.trilvr, That the Tinted Sute<, and the citizens
theirof, f-ha!l enjoj [lie of' Hie <aid subniaime commu-
nication lot all tune, on the -.otic tenu-= and condition*
which shall be stipulated in favoi of the Government of
Great Untain recognizing equality ot lights among the cit-
izens of the iw, &.c , m any contract.
The amendment was concurred in.
The third and last amendment of the House of
Representatives was to add at the end of the bill
the following proviso:
Jhid provided further, That it shall be in the power of
Coo^rc-s alter ten yenrs Jo terminate said contract, upon
Giving one yeaiS notice to the parties to such contract.
Mr. PUGH. I move to sti ike out" ten years,"
and insert " live years." This is an experiment,
and that will £ive them money enough. I ask
for the yeas <md nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, icsulted—yeas 19, nays 20; as follows:
Y11At;—Mc->r>. Allen, i>nj.:h!, Jiiimn, I3utli*i,
Clay, Onttenden, Evan*, Fif/pntneic, Go\ei, Gieen'. Hun-
ter, lverson. Mason, Pugh, Reid, ShduJi, Thompson of Ken-
tucky, and Toombs—19.
N\VS—iMessi.v. Bayard, Benjamin, Jliodhcad, Collamcr,
Durkee, Fes«enden, Fish, Foot, Foster, Gwm, Harlan,
James Noursc, Pratt, Rusk, Sewaid, Stuart, Thomson of
New Jeisey, Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of the House of Representa-
tives was concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk,announced that the
Speaker lmd signed the enrolled bill entitled an
act to authorize the people of the Territory of
Minnesota to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment preparatory to their admission into the
Union on an equal footing with the original
States; which thereupon received the signature
of the President pro tcrapurc.
THE TARIFF BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move now to postpone all
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the
tariff bill. My object is to get it up, and then
adjourn on it, so that it will have precedence to-
morrow.
_ Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, ou
a division—ayes 10, noes 23.
The motion of Mr. HtTKTF.R was agreed to;
and the Senate proceeded, as in Committee of
the Whole, to consider the bill (H. R. No. 566)
reducing the duty on imports, and for other pur-
Mr. HUNTER. I now move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 25, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. rn. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
there be a call of the House; and on that motion
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can that motion
be entertained during the pendency of a motion
to suspend all the rules?
Mr. ORR. I suppose it is only wlien no
quorum is present that a call of the House can be
had before the reading of the Journal.
The SPEAKER counted the members present,
and ascertained there was a quorum.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
the motion that there be a call of the House,
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated the question pending to
be on the motion of Mr. Wasiiburne, of Illinois,
to suspend the rules for the purpose of introducing
the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of the "Whole on the state
of the Union be ditchar^edfiom the tui tlier contadci anon of
the bill of the IIou->e (No. 295) to continue the improvement
of the Cape Fear liver, Noith Carolina, and that tne House
proceed to us coiiMdcianon, #nd that when so under con-
sideianon it ^hall be m order to submit an amendment
theieto, embracing similar provisions for various other livers-
and harbors.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order
i in connection with that resolution. I ask the
j Ckik to iuad the 55th rule.
I Tiie Clerk read the rule, as follows;
i "No motion or pioposition on a subject different from
that under roiMdeiation, ^hall lie admitted under color of
i amendment. No bill or lc-'olution ^hall, at any time, he
j amended by annexing tneicto, or liicoiporatmg theiet\ith,
any other bill oi i evolution pending befoie the House."
Mr. LETCHER,. Now read the 136th rule?
and I will then state my point.
The Clerk read the rule, as follows:
"No standing iu)e or order of the House shall be rescinded
or changed without one day's notice being given of the mo-
tion tueretor; nor shall an> lule be suspended, except by a
vote of at least two thuds of the member-s piesent; nor
| shall the otder of bu^ne^, as established by the rules, be
; postponed or changed, except by a vote of at lea-t two thirds
of the menibeis. pie«,ent. The IIoihc may, at any time, by
a vote oi a majority ot the members present, suspend the
iule> and orders lor the puipose of going into the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the state of the Union; and
al-o for piovidmg tor the dnchaige of the Committee of the
Whole House on the ^tate of the Union from the further
coiwdeiation of any bill lefencd to it, after acting without
debate onal! amendments pending and that may be oiiered.-''
Mr. LjEjjTCHER. My point of order is this:
That resolution provides, as I understand it, for
taking up the Cape Fear bill, with authority to
annex to that bill all other river and harbor bills.
The 55th rule, as I understand it, prohibits that
course of proceeding, and the 136th rule prohibits
the_ alteration of any rule without one day's
notice.
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Illinois is to suspend the 55th rule,
and the 136th rule, and all the rules which con-
flict with his proposition. His motion is to sus-
pend the operation of those rules.
Mr. LETCHER. Can the gentl. ;man move to
change the rules so as to make that in order which
would not be in order now under the 55th rule
without one day's notice?
The SPEAKER. Ifthe House shall suspend
the operation of the 55th rule, it will not operate
on this question. There is a distinct proposition
to suspend the rules. Whether the House will
suspend or not must be determined by the House.
CASE OF HON. \V. A. GILBERT.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise to a privi-
leged question. This day is the day appointed
for the consideration of the resolutions reported
by the select committee to investigate the exist-
