1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887.
the House should have the witnesses before it,
and examine them here.
Mr. STANTON. I have this remark to make
in reference to this matter: I understand that the
right of this party to have witnesses brought to
the bar of the House and examined, is a question
yet to depend on the vote of the House, and that
that right is to be resisted. Now, in that point
of view, this question seems one of great import-
ance. It appears, from the disclosures that have
been made here, that witnesses have been brought
before the committee in the absence of the party,
and that their full testimony has not been reported
and published. It appears that what transpired
in the committee-room is not reported and pub-
lished; and what may have transpired is not re-
duced to writing. The defendant cannot know
it, and the House cannot know it.
Now, sir, there is no greater safeguard of any
man's constitutional rights than the right to con-
front his witness, and see and know how he tes-
tifies; and not only that, but to hear every side-
bar remark he has made that indicates the animus
of the witness, and to know and sec the man-
lier in which the witness is treated by the com-
mittee. A vast deal may be learned in this way.
These parties have not been permitted to be
present to take advantage of these circumstances.
They were not allowed the opportunity of cross-
examination; and now, it is to depend upon a
vote of this House whether they shall have the
right to be tried before the House.
..Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] asked what course the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Orr,] and
the gentleman from Maryland, proposed to pur-
sue; and if he yields the floor for tjjat purpose,
I will indicate the course I propose to pursue, in
response to that question, m order that he may
pursue hereafter such a course as he may deem
advisable. I will state, in the first place, in re-
spect to the revisal of the testimony of witnesses,
that I was not personally present when the testi-
mony of Mr. Sweeney and Mr. Raymond was
revised. Mr. Raymond's testimony was read
over to him at a meeting of the committee held m
the evening, in order to accommodate Mr. Ray-
mond, who wished to leave in the cars in the
morning for New York. At that meeting 1 was
not present; and I had no knowledge that any-
thing such as has been read here this morning
had been omitted. So much for the statement
which I made to the House this morning, that no
testimony had been omitted. I am still"ignorant
of any omitted in my own knowledge.
In reference to the question now propounded by
the gentleman from Ohio, I desire to say this: that
the gentlemen to whom this report relates are
now on trial in accordance with the invariable
precedent of the Congress of the United States.
The invariable course in the Congress of the
United States has been to raise a committee, to
refer the matter to them, to direct them to take tes-
timony, to report the facts to the House, together
with their recommendations as to what action the
House should take; and the only proceedings the
House can take according to the precedents before
us, is to consider the resolutions reported by the
committee, and these resolutions have invariably
been decided upon the evidence taken by the
committee, and m no instance one additional evi-
dence taken by deposition on the motion of the
party after the report of the committee, but before
a day had been set down for the hearing. In that
same great case to which I refer—and the name is
one that will bear down the whole criticism upon
the course of the committee on this side of the
House—in that one great case before the Senate
of the United States, it was tried on an ex parte
deposition presented by President Jefferson on
the call of the Senate, never taken in the presence
of the i mplicated party, but taken when he was not
present, and when no opportunity was afforded
for cross-examination; and it was attested, by
some thirty depositions taken afterwards, at the
order of the Senate, and in presence of the Senate,
at the instance of the respective parties. _ Then,
as now, the Senate ordered that the witnesses
whose testimony was to be impeached should be
notified, and that the impeach ing testimony should
be taken in their presence. And, sir, upon such
evidence taken, not in his presence, but as sent
from the Executive Departments, in connection
with a preliminary proceeding in the case of
Aaron Burr, a Senator was implicated and triajfc
In that ease, on the application of the witnefraT
two or three additional witnesses were examined
at the bar of the Senate when the matter came up
for consideration; but the proceeding still rested
upon the evidence reported by thecommittee. And
at the head of that committee was John Q.uincy
Adams, " the old man eloquent," who is contin-
ually invoked as the great parliamentarian and'
statesman by gentlemen on this side of the House.
Now, sir, for my position. I regard these gen-
tlemen as now on trial. I regard them as on trial
on the evidence reported by the committee. As
an attack has been made on the testimony of the
witness Sweeney, I desire to say, that if the
motion be made to place Mr. Sweeney at the bar
of the House, and have him examined, although
the party implicated waived the right of examin-
ing him in the presence of the committee, I have
no objection to that. But if gentlemen will not
agree to that, I ask that the House shall vote
upon the evidence as it stands.
But I desire to say to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Stanton,] that he is gravely in error when
he says that this gentleman had no opportunity
of confronting these witnesses. A fuller oppor-
tunity was given than ever was given in any par-
liamentary contest of this kind, upon this side or
upon the other side of the Atlantic. These gen-
tlemen were told, day by day, that if they desired
to examine witnesses before the committee, the
opportunity should be afforded them, but they
did not choose to do it. Now, sir, if they desire
to have the opportunity of examining Sweeney
at the bar of the House, I shall interpose no
objection. I will not make the motion, because
I believe his testimony is correctly and fully set
forth in the report of the committee.
Mr. STANTON. It is very important that we
should understand precisely the character of the I
investigation before the committee. Is it a grand j
inquiry, or is it a mere presentment of this party
for certain crimes and misdemeanors? If it is the
latter, then the committee has done perfectly right
in taking their evidence in the absence of the party
implicated. If such was the fact, the party had
no right to be present during the investigation to
hear the witnesses testify. But if this is all, then
the testimony taken before this committee is not
the testimony upon which the House, in the sub-
sequent trial, can proceed to try and convict the
party. It is important that we should understand
the precise position we occupy, and what we are
about to do; and hence I made the inquiry.
New, sir, God knows that I have no sympathy
for the parties involved in this prosecution. If
any man has been guilty of the offenses charged
by this committee, I would convict him ten times
sooner if he belonged to the party with which I
act, than if lie belonged to the opposite party, for
if there be anything rotten in my party, I want
to purge it. I trust that no gentleman will sus-
pect that there is any disposition to favor gentle-
men here from party considerations. I do not
know how I shall vote when I am called on to
vote «pon this testimony. _ But this I do know:
that there is no gentleman in this House who has
a higher opinion of the members of this commit-
tee than I have. I have great respect for them,
and especially for my friend from Maryland—for
his impartial position, and high character.
1 must be permitted to say, however, that this
investigation and the course of the examination
of witnesses do look to me a little like an inqui-
sition. I have never in my professional experi-
ence found a case in which witnesses have been
tortured for impressions,for recollections, for in-
nuendoes, as has been done in this case. Isubmit
that anything this witness has said as to what
his impressions are on a particular fact, as to
what he inferred from the conduct or declaration
of a witness, is not open for the consideration of
this House, and the committee ought not to have
printed any such questions. They ought not
to have taken any such answers. They were
taken, in my judgment, in violation of all the rules
of evidence.
Mr. GROW. I hope thejfentleman will yield
to me for a moment. I desire to make a correc-
tion, with reference to a question raised the other
day, and now referred to by the gentleman from
Maryland.
Mr. STANTON. I prefer to go on with what
I have to say without interruption. On the sup-
position that this is a mere grand inquest, I have
no fault to find with the committee'. Upon the
supposition that it is merely for th6 purpose of
informing the House as to whether there is a
prima facie case upon which these parties sh&Jlbe
put upon their trial, and these parties are to be^
subsequently tried legally and on competent tes-
timony, then it is all right. But I understand that
that is not the proposition. It is proposed that
this evidence, taken in this manner, that these in-
quiries after inferences, after impressions, and
after vague suspicions founded upon facts which
the committee cannot state, are to be established
here, and made the basis of the action of this
House, and our votes for the expulsion of mem-
bers are to be predicated upon them. Now, it
does seem to me that, taking the view of this
question which, I understand from the gentle-
men of the committee, they have taken—that the
House were to act on the testimony taken before
the committee—that members wete to vote "ay"
or " no" on the resolutions for expulsion upon the
evidence reported by thecommittee, it was due to
these gentlemen, the very moment the members'
names were used in connection with a corrupt
combination, or with any charge of bribery, that
that committee should either have reported that
fact to the House, or, at all events, should have
given notice to the members implicated, that they
were taking testimony touching corrupt prac-
tices alleged against them. Then the members
should have been permitted to go before the com-
mittee, and ask the witnesses where they got their
information, so that they might judge whether
or not there was collusion betweenMr. Simonton,
and Mr. Sweeney, and Mr.Triplctt, or anybody
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man allow me just here 
Mr. STANt'ON. I will get through in a mo-
ment. Another remarkable occurrencc strikes
rnc. While, the parties who arc charged here,
and who arc now on their trial for expulsion, had,
no notice, and were not permitted to see the man-
ner in which the witnesses originally testified,
yet wherever any testimony was called to im-
peach a witness, the witness impeached, or sought
to be impeached, was invited to be present, that
he might hear the impeaching witness testify
originally, and know how he deported himself,
and by counseljo cross-examine the witness who
atti-mpted to impeach him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mary land. You are mistaken
in that.
Mr. STANTON. Who, then, did Edwin M
Stanton appear for ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. For Mr. Gilbert.
Mr. STANTON. Then I was mistaken, so
far as that was concerned. I do not make any
imputation on the committee's fairness. _ I sup-
pose they have acted under the impression that
the primary duty devolved upon them by the
order of this House was, to find out, by all pos-
sible means they could, whether any member had
been engaged in any corrupt practices. Now, as
I said before, for a mere purpose of finding out
whether there was a prima facie case, it is all right;
but I submit to the gentleman from Maryland
whether he believes it is consistent with the well-
settled principles of the common law—with the
constitutional rights of eveiy citizen, that this
man shall be condemned by testimony which he
has not been permitted to hear, for an offense
which, to an honorable man, is no less punish-
ment than an imprisonment in the penitentiary,
or death. I submit to him, whether he believes
it is entirely fair that that testimony which would
warrant them in presenting this resolution is suf-
ficient to justify this House, without permitting
the party to be present to hear the testimony of
the witnesses, to go for this member's conviction ?
I know that the gentleman from Maryland says
that, after this testimony was reduced to writing
—after the witnesses were through, the parties
accused were permitted to recall the witnesses if
they desired. But how did they know how the
original parole testimony of the witnesses has.
been modified and fixed up, and, to use a vulgar
expression, licked into shape before they wuie
permitted to see it? How did they know how
many contradictions may have existed m that
parole testimony as it was given befoi-ethat com-
mittee, which had all been arranged, so as to ra;> ke
it perfectly consistent, before it wad redueca to
