888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
writing? How did either of these parties know-
that these witnesses had, in pointof fact, been
the unwilling*witnesses they are represented by
the committee to have been ? How did they know
all these things? Does not the gentleman know,
as a criminal lawyer, how exceedingly important
it is to know all these circumstances, to enable a
party to understand the value and the force of
the testimony which has been taken against him ?
Certainly, it is true they had notice afterwards
that this committee had taken this testimony;
but I am not prepared at present to condemn these
parties without permitting them to rccall every
witness that has been examined, to place them
upon the stand and cross-cxamine them; and I
am not sure but that it is the duty of the House
to introduce it as original evidence. It is per-
fectly_ plain, to my mind, that these parties have
the right to the examination of their witnesses
here. About this I think there will be no con-
troversy. Every gentleman has the right to have
the testimony read at the Clerk's desk prinU'd,
so that he may compare it with what has already
been printed.
Mr. PURVIANCE. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose of saving the unnecessary consumption of
time, and, as I understand it, with the consent
and approbation of a portion of the committee,
my colleague from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie,]
and as indicated by the honorable member from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis^] another member of the
committee, 1 submit a resolution which will test
the sense of the House as to whether the case
shall be tried on the evidence loturned by the
committee, or whether the accused shall have the
opportunity of confronting the witnesses if he
desires it.
Mr. LINDLEY. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question, so that we may know
how to vote on this resolution? I wish to know
—I could not hear it read in the testimony which
has been omitted, nor do 1 see it m the piintrd
testimony—whether the eommitn o did s;rt the
witness to tell the pluce where the conwisation
took place; and if ho, wheie was it?
Mr. PURVI.ANCi.''. I a;ik that my resolution
be read.
The Clerk lead tin: resolution, ns follows:
Revival, That TlmiMhtv immune, the instant, at
twelve o'clock, m., be livrl i'or ilm tn.tl of lion. William
A, GiUx'ii; .i' l ili.u the ,<ci i am at be <ln< ctef| to
Miinmon F. ^ C Tuplett :ind Jatne^ It. Swecnev iouppc.ir
at the bar of the at that, time to testily tn the j,M
of the party amtsod, ana to be by Imn eontronted and
Mlbjecteii to« lav-cwiiuiuli.in,
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. I hold that the question cannot
be put in that shape.
Mr. CstUITAlAN. 1 understand that, the prop-
osition now befoiu the i louse is the one proposed
by the ^eiuKunau from New York, [Afr. Bem-
nett,] made, apparently, at the instance of the
accused, which is, that some portion of the testi-
mony which has been suppressed shall be printed.
While that motion is before the House I contend
that no other resolution can be in order.
The SPEAKER. A simple motion to postpone
would be in order. And tin- Chair will statu that
the motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Puiuiwcv.,] in its piesent form, is not in
order; but it may be received as a motion to
amend instructions appended to the motion of the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to say to the House
at this time m reference to this proceeding, that
jl, as a member of the committee who made this
repoi t  
.Several Members. Speak louder.
Mr. WARNER. 1 am not in the habit of
making much noise here 01- elsewhere; but if gen-
tlemen will keep quiet, I will endeavor to make
myself understood. I wish to say, that in all the
connection [ have had with this investigation, I
have simply endeavored to discharge The duty
that was devolved upon me by this House. I
need not say that that duty was a laborious and
uupieusant one. So far as ;he further action of
this House is concerned, 1 certainly have no per-
sonal feeling. I have endeavored to discharge
my duty to the country to the best of my ability
as a member of that committee. Wo have-; re-
ported our proceedings to this House, and by
them I am willing to stand or fall. I have no
apologies to make; but I should be happy to make
any explanation which may be deemed material;
f#the committee have no desire to conceal any-
thing. But so far as the future action of this
House is concerned, as has been said, I have my
individual views in regard to it; and I will en-
deavor to express them now. While I do so, I
have not the least objection to this House taking
any course that it may think proper in relation
to the parties implicated; the responsibility shall
be theirs, not mine. If it is intended to prevent
any definite action on the report of the committee
during the present session, let it be done by those
who arc willing to assume that responsibility.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I rise to a
point of order. I do not do so from any desire
to interrupt the gentleman from Georgia. If this
was to be a trial, undoubtedly every gentleman
would have the right to state his views on the
cases generally; but the question here is in re-
gard to perfecting the evidence which is now
before the House, by the addition of some which
has been suppressed.
The SPEAKER. The motion is to recommit
with instructions,
Mr. WARNER. I so understand, and I desire
to spi-ak in reply to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Staxton.] When this investigation was
oidercd, it was done upon a statement which was
made here, that members of this House were
involved 111 that which was understood to be an
invasion of the privilege's of this House; the in-
quiry was ordeit-d on'that ground alone* The
allegation was made that improper and corrupt
means wcie used here for the purpose of aiding
in the passage or preventing the passage of bills;
and that charge was an invasion of the privileges
of this House; for, under the Constitution, the
membeis of this House, and the people through
their liepresentatives, have the right to assemble
lieie and deliberate, and to legislate without dis-
turbance from outsiders or insiders, or any im-
proper influences that may be brought to bear
upon them. The charse, then, involved a breach
of the privileges of this House, it was based on
oluugt^ made ci^aiiiMt members; 110 other inquiry
was oideied til lie made by the committee. Itwas
competent lor this I fouse to have oidered an in-
vestigation here upnii this door, to have suspended
all other business, and proceeded with the inves-
| ligation of those charges at once in this Hall. It
j waseompetent for this I louse, however, to appoint
| a special committee to discharge that duty if it
I thought proper to do so. In other words, to do
' that by a special committee of its members winch
it might con-sidi r inconvenient or inexpedient at
that time to do itself here in tins Hall. { say it
might have proceeded to have; had these inve'sti- !
gallons here, to call witnesses here, and examine i
them here; but the House ordered otherwise.
They ordered that a committee of five should be :
selected to pei form that duty. And what was the j
duty of that committee, and in what capacity did !
the)* act? They acted merely as the agent, the ;
instrument, the hand of this House—if I may so 1
speak—to perform that which this House thought
inconvenient and inexpedient for them to under-
take to perform themselves. And hence *thoy
clothed theireommittce with power and authority !
to do that which they could have done by them- 1
solves, hut which they deemed it inexpedient to ;
do. They clothed that committee with power to j
send for persons and papers to make that inves- i
tigution in their name and in their behalf; and that j
was the duty of the committee, and they made '
it under the order of this House. The House,
instead of making the investigation orisinally, I
conferred the power upon a select committee to !
do so, and repoit the evidence to the House. ]
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I desire to j
afek the gentleman from Georgia a single question. !
He speaks of the power of this committee. Now, !
I ask him what particle of authority that com-
mittee had beyond what is covered by the general
report ? Was not their power the power to inves-
tigate the specific charge of corrupt combination,
charged as existingfortwo sessions, to report the
evidence upon that subject to the House, and what
action they deem it necessary for tjie House to
take thereon. The'jpWent fully into that investi-
gation, reported the. evidence and their recom-
mendation in their general report. What jurisdic-
tion had they beyond that ? What right to inves-
tigate charges against an individual' member of
this House not connected wall the corrupt com-
bination charged!
Mr, WARNER. The point made by the gen-
tleman from New York—and it was the point
made by him the other day—that this committee
was appointed for the purpose of inquiring mtc
corrupt combinations of members, and because, in
inquiring into such combinations, evidence came
out that corrupt influences had been used for the
purpose of invading the privileges of this House
—the committee not having been charged with
that question—therefore that, no matter how much
corruption is shown against individual members,
the committee exceeded their authority, and un-
less a corrupt combination exists there is no powei
to inquire into the case of individual members.
What, sir, was the object of the inquiry ordered
by the House ? It was to ascertain whether its
privileges had been violated by any of its mem-
bers by the use of corrupt means either in pass-
ing or preventing the passage of bills. But, says
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Bennett,]
if the evidence did not show that the members
corruptly combined for that purpose, the commit-
tee had no right to report it, no matter how much
corruption was proved upon individual members
of the body. Individual corruptions, no matter
how numerous or extensive, were not to be no-
ticed or reported by the committee, in the estima-
tion of the gentleman, but only corrupt combina-
tions of members; it is the combination of the mem-
bers for corrupt purposes which constitxUes a
bleach of privilege, according to his standard of
legislative morality — corrupt as much as you
please individually, but don't combine. That is
the point which the gentleman makes. The ob-
jection is not that there has not been corrupt in-
fluence proved here—not that corruption did not
exist here, buM-hat unless there are corrupt combi-
nations of individual members, the privileges of
the House are not interfered with. That is the
point; and I hope the gentleman is answered.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Let me cor-
rect the gentleman 011 that point. I want to state
my position fairly. I insist upon it that no mem-
tier's individual conduct can be investigated he-
fore a committee not authorized to investigate
that eouduct, and when no charge has been made
against such individual member. That is the
point.
Mr. WARNER. Yes; the point which the
gentleman says he makes is, that the conduct of
110 individual member can be investigated unless
he ispeisonally and specially named. That, sir,
was not the order of this House. No particular
members were named in the original resolution
who had acted in combination or otherwise. The
resolution under which that committee was raised
was based 011 charges made against individual
members, without naming them, if there was
any error committed, the error was in the adop-
tion of the original resolution, and not in the.
conduct of the committee acting under it. That
original resolution mentioned no member indi-
vidually; but that individual members were
charged with an invasion of the privileges of the
House by the use of corrupt means to procure or
prevent the passage of measures. That was the
charge which your committee was charged to in-
vestigate and inquire into, and report ihe facts,
and what action, m their judgment, was neces-
sary on the part of the House.
Mr. PIKE. I find m the report of the testi-
mony, on the sixtieth page, that the gentleman
from Georgia used the following language to the
witness Sweeney:
It lo due to other witnesses who have testified before
us, ti.e 1I1011 testimony siioutj be corroborated , and tjiere-
foie we -'-k you the question "
I wish to ask the gentleman from Georgia to
what testimony he refers, and where it may be
found >
Mr. WARNER. I propounded that question,
Mr. Speaker, on my own responsibility. I pro-
pounded it in the performance of a duty devolved
upon me as a member of the committee, to elicit
the truth. I found an unwilling witness—a wit-
ness who, I believed, was reluctant to testify all
he knew. I put the question in that way, on my
own responsibility, for the purpose of drawing
oat of him facts which he was, in my judgment,
desirous to withhold.
Mr. AKER.S. I rise to a point of order. I
wish to know whether this rambling debate is in
order?
The SPEAKER. It is not proper to charac-
