1857.]
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLCS
terize the debate in that manner. ThegeHtleman
from Georgia is entitled to the floor.
Mr. AKERS. I used the term in the sense of
"desultory"—I meant no disrespect.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia is in order. The motion to recommit with
instructions certainly admits of a wide range of
debate; and the Chair does not perceive that the
gentleman from Georgia deviated from it.
Mr. WARNER. This is not a matter in which
I can exactly control interruptions. I desire to
be courteous, and not to withhold any informa-
tion from any gentleman who thinks proper to
aslc it. These interruptions do not throw me off
my balance. I am too old a soldier to be excited
and thrown off the line of my argument in that
way.
A nd now I come back to the original question
which I was discussing, as to the power of the
House and as to the power of the committee. I
was on the line of argument that this committee
was the agent and instrument of the House to
make investigations; that it acted under the au-
thority conferred on it; and that the original
charge involved a breach of the privileges of the
House. The committee were not ordered to in-
quire into the conduct of any particular member
byname, or any particular number of individ-
uals, specially named, who had corruptly com-
bined together; the order was to inquire gener-
ally into the conduct of members.
Sir, this House is a coordinate branch of Con-
gress. The power of legislation is, by the Con-
stitution, devolved on Congress. Each branch
has the right to assemble, deliberate, consider,
and vote on all questions that may come before
it, involving the most momentous questions that
can affect a free and enlightened people. It con-
trols the question of peace and of war. It in-
volves appropriations of millions ef the people's
money. They have a right to sit and deliberate
freely, unrestrained by any adverse or improper
influence, either inside or outside of the House;
and whoever attempts to control, or to interfere
with, their free and unrestrained deliberations,
either by the use of money, or by incitement to
bring money or other improper influence to con-
trol that legislation and the judgment of its mem-
bers, commits a breach of the privileges of the
House. Itwas to inquire into such acts and such
improper conduct that this investigation was
ordered.
The gentleman ftpm New York says, that no
matter how much coijruption may be elicited here,
no matter how many individuals might be trying
to pollute the different members, or to corrupt
their action, it is no breach of the privileges of
the House unless they combine to do it. He says
that, in order to make it a breach of the privi-
leges of the House, there must not only be cor-
rupt influence used, but the persons using it must
combine. Individual corruptions are nothing—en-
tirely outside of the legitimate inquiry of the com-
mittee. It is the corrupt combination of members
alone that the committee had authority and juris-
diction to inquire about. In his judgment, com-
bination constitutes the main element of thisbreach
of privilege. Sir, your committee was charged
to inquire into corrupt combinations of members,
and to report the evidence thereon. They did
inquire whether there were corrupt combinations;
and, in inquiring about that, they found out that
corruption had been used without combinations,
and that that was an invasion of the privileges
of the House by individual members thereof; and
under the order of the House, they reported their
names, and the evidence which implicated them,,
and recommended what action was necessary, in
their judgment, for the protection of those priv-
ileges.
Now, the gentleman might as well tell me that
a grand jury, acting on a charge of murder, could
Hot, if the evidence did not show the party to be
guilty of murder, find an indictment for any lesser
offense. According to the gentleman's argument
they would be obliged to find an indictment for
murder, or not find an indictment at all. I do not
so understand it. I uiiderstandvfchat the major
includes the minor; and that, although a party
maybe indicted for the highest grade of homicide,
yet, if the evidence authorize it, he may be placed
on trial for a lower grade of homicide. So in
regard to members of the House charged with a
breach of the privileges thereof by corrupt com-
binations: if the evidence did not show any col
rupt combinations of members, but showed that
individual members were guilty of corrupt con-
duct to control legislation here, it was their duty
to report it, although it might not be an extensive
combination of members for that purpose.
Now, the point made here by the gentleman
from New York has been this: Grant that this
committee, in the investigation which they had
in charge, have not found that there were general
combinations, but that the evidence showed that
individuals, acting "on their own hook," as it
is called, were corrupting members, and thereby
committing a breach of the privileges of the
House; still, no matter how many of^them may
be here acting on theirown hook, offering money,
or making bargains to control votes, on tiieir own
responsibility, it is no breach of the privileges
of the House. They must combine. They must
enter into a corrupt organization for the purpose
of corrupting members of the House; otherwise
it is no offense; and the committee have violated
their duty, because they did not report that com-
bination. That is the point; that is the position
in which this question has been placed by gentle-
men who complain of the action of the committee.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. If the gen-
tleman from Georgia will pardon mo for a mo-
ment, I desire to state my position. My argu-
ment was not that no man jhould be proceeded
against for any offense, if he was guilty; but my
argument was that a committee could not proceed
to indict and try a member for an offense not
charged—that under a charge of conspiracy on the
part of twenty men, /ou could not proceed to
originate a charge against arid try one member
for an individual and different offense. That is
my position.
Mr. "WARNER. I perfectly understand the
position of the gentleman from New York; liis
position is, that, although members of the House
may have been engaged in schemes of private
plunder and corruption on their individual account,
involving a breach of the privileges of the House,
yet, if they did not combine together to effect their
object, the committee had no authority to report
them to the House. The position of the gentle-
man is to smother and hide from public view the
private corruptions of individual members under
the form of a more technical objection to the action
of the committee. The committee are to be put oil
trial, instead of the members implicated by the
evidence reported by them—that is his position.
As I remarked, if there was any order given
upon the part of the House to try any persons at
all, it was to try individuals. There were no par-
ticular individuals named to whom the charge
could apply. We were to inquire generally; and
how could we inquire generally into the truth of
a charge unless the charge could be applicable to
some one individual ? And when the evidence
was applicable to some one member, what could
the committee do ? I repeat, that no one member
was named about whom the committee were to
inquire. We were told to inquire generally for
corruption among membetsof Congress; and how
could we know where the charge would vest in
advance? I declare, as one member of the com-
mittee, that I was ignorant of the names of the
members implicated until they appeared in evi-
dence before the committee. They were all of
them strangers to roe. I had not the slightest
idea, nor do T know that any member of the com-
mittee could point out one gentleman who would
be implicated. Butas the investigation progressed
individuals were implicated; and what did the
committee do? E.emcmbcr that the order under
which this investigation was instituted did not
implicate any individuals, generally or specially;
but when we found that particular individuals
were implicated—when sufficient testimony had
been taken to require explanation or defense upon
his part, we ordered a copy of such testimony to
: be furnished him, and gave him an invitation to
appear before the committee to cross-examine
the witnesses who had already been examined,
and to introduce any witnesses jJaom he might
choose to call in his own defense. Sir, the very
first thing an innocent man would have done,
under such circumstances, would have been to
have demanded the witness thus falsely testifying
to confront him.
But, sir, these parties were not only invited by
the committee to come before them, and to con-
ront the witnesses who had bran examined, and;
to examine other witnesses, but they were fur--
nished with copies of the testimony given, by
which to assist their memories in the puttings "of
questions. Sir, the committee regretted' that the
parties implicated did^iaK avail themselves of this
privilege, for if it had been done, in my judgment-
it would have elicited much more going to con-
vict them than now appears. Bt)t not one of them
availed himself of the opportunity.
Now, sir, I submit it to every candid man in'
the House—I submit to you, sir, if witnesses be-
fore that committee had implicated you falsely,
whether your first instinct would not have been
to have demanded to have confronted that wit-
ness, and whether you could not have done it
with an almost certain ty that by a thorough cross-
examination his falsehood could be made to ap-
pear? Bat, on the other hand, you had reason
-to believe that he had not stated all that he could
state, and that what he had stated was true,
would not your roost prudent course have been
to have said as little as possible, and to have en-
deavored to impeach his testimony in some other
way ?
But I will not pursue this branch of the sub-
ject further now in reference to this trial that is
proposed. 1 have endeavored to show that the
order of this House was to inquire into a viola-'
tion of its privileges, and that these men are to be*
tried only for a breach of these privileges; and
how does the case apply to the position taken by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stantonf] The
gentleman from Ohio speaks of the privileges
guarantied by the Constitution, that every man
shall have an impartial trial; that he shall be con-
fronted by the witnesses; and that lie shall not
be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb. Well,
sir, I understand that rule; and I understand also
that it is only applicable to crimiiw! prosecutions
ill the courts. But I have yet to learn that these
guarantees of the Constitution are applicable to
any extent to a trial upon the part of this House
for a breach o f tin privileges.
Mr. STANTON. I certainly did not:say what
the gentleman represents me as saying. What I
intended to say was, that this House, m all hon-
esty and fairness, should extend to its members,
when implicated, the privilege which is guaran-
tied to citizens in the courts, of confronting the
witnesses testifying against them.
Mr. WARNER. The gentleman did not say
that those men should bo entitled to a trial
I admit; buthetook the ground, as a great consti-
tutional right, that they should be allowed all the
rights and privileges which are extended to cit-
izens when on trial under a crimiwtil prosecution
before the courts. Now, sir, my position is that
this is not such a trial as is contemplated by the
Constitution in the clause referred to by him in
any degree. And as evidence of the correctness
of my position, I will give this illustration: Sup-
pose a member is expelled from this House for
bribery, would that relieve him from prosecution
and punishment in the courts? Nobody will
pretend to say that an expulsion from this House
would prevent him from being indicted and tried
before the courts Of the country. " The power of
this House only extends to its own protection.
We have only the right to remove the member, so
that he cannot do any more harm amongst us.
Yet, sir, if this proceeding is such a trial as is
contemplated by the Constitution, he could not
be again tried for the offense before any court in
the country; for under the Constitution no man
can be twice tried for the same offense.
1 Sir, it is all folly to talk of great constitutional
rights m connection with this question. It is only
a "question of the privileges of the House, and
nothing more. If the privileges of this House
have been invaded, it is competent for the House
to protect itself. It is upon the principle of self-
protection that this whole case rests. It is upon
that foundation, and that alone, whenever a man
outside or inside the House, by his conduct or
by his corrupt practices invades the privileges ot
the members of this House, it is competent for
the House to judge whether their privileges have
been invaded, anl to remove the offender. This
is a power incident to every legislative body; it
is incident to every judicial body, even down to
the lowest justice's court m tiie land. They have
an inherent power of self-protection, a power to
protect themselves from inyasion, and to protect
