896
' TIIE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
influential citizens of his home against his vera-
city ia sadly damaging-. True, he produces some
who regard his character as good; but the Irish-
man who, when three witnesses swore they saw
him steal a pig, offered to outweigh it by the tes-
timony of a dozen who did not see any such
thing, found that his character was not thereby
restored in the eyes of his jury. I dismiss the
question of his veracity by remarking that he was
appointed a messenger of the House, by the Door-
keeper, at the organization of this Congress, on
Gilbert's recommendation; that on the 30th of
December last, he was removed; that nothing
could be more natural than that he should suppose
a member who could procure his appointment
could have also prevented his removal; that Mr.
Cole, the chief clerk of the Pension OiRce, under
whom Sweeney has acted as clerk, and who says
he has known him for seven years, swears, on
page 81, as follows:
"The loputation he had was that of making mischief;
particularly when he had anything against a clerk, he ap-
pealed to be very reuenge/ui."
And that on the 16th of January, just seventeen
days after his displacement from office, he testi-
fies against Mr. Gilbert. These facts, thus brought
together, certainly need no comment; and I make
none; for I know nothing either way of Swee-
ney's character, except what is in the printed
record before me.
Triplett I know nothing ahont at all, except
the current rumor that he was removed from the
Pension Office on charges against him, alluded to
the other day by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania just before me, [Mr. Grow.] Whether
the rumor is true, or the charges, if made, just or
unjust, I have no knowledge whatever; but I feel
it a duty to direct the attention of the House to
the ascending scale of his recollection also, in
regard to Mr. Welch, which, m a court of justice,
would have resulted in striking out his testimony
altogether. ,
On pa^e G?, (first day's examination,) in an-
swer to instructions to state "ai.l riiE facts "in
reference to conversations, perchance negoti-
ations, with mI'.jubeus of Congress," he reihem-
hris only Gilbeit; and on page 70, same day, m
answer to a request from Mr. Orr to state " atuj
conversation" with " any other member in which
he came out and solicited,oy demanded, or required
any pecuniary compensation," he answers:
" i had! conversations with various members, but theie
wa<* no other conversation, us far as 1 eau recollect, wheio
then: was any Mich uixlt'r^tarulniii. A* ro 1oom> talk and
suift;ostious, I cannot undertake to uiiMver lor them. Theic
was nothing arj'roacuina a contract with anybody
ki.SK.
On this second examination (Saturday) he is
" permitted" to explain his previous day's testi-
mony; rentfhnbers then the graduated scale, but
does not remember Welch. On Ins third exam-
ination (Monday) he is "permitted" to explain
still further, and now remembers another mem-
ber; that he is satisfied, from what ho told him
himself, (pa^e 71,) " that he expected to receive
something from the passage of that bill;" and
though he says (page 72) that " 1 find myself
unable to recollect many tilings that I did not
suppose I had forgotten," he does remember, as
he continues testifying, (page 73,) that he " fre-
quently" conversed with dim other member; nay,
more, that he conversed with him at least a dozen
times about the book; still more, that he, Trip-
left, sometimes sought intei views, and sometimes
the other side did; still more, as he progresses,
" I think probably,that lieasked me what amount
had been agreed on with Gilbert;" still more, that
" I think it very likely that I told lum that it was
up to a e.ertau) amount," &c.; still more, " it may
be possible he told me what he expected to re-
ceive;" utiil iwt; still more,t£ 1 think he asked me
what I could do in certain quarters; 1 told him that
I could not do anything in that way." And on the
fourth examination (Tuesday, page 74) ho °uves
the name of this member as Dr. Welch, and adds
still further, " I recollect that on one occasion
he asked me, in the event of their having to dis-
tribute more money than they had contemplated,
whether 1 would not do what was right, or some-
thing of that sort." At this interesting point of
his disclosures, the curtain falls on Triplett, with-
out the committee's asking him what his answer
was to this appeal for more money, out of thjs
apparently inexhaustible book appropriation.
Now, considering what he testified to on page 67,
(see above,) I must be allowed to consider these
recollections as extraordinary ones.
I return to Sweeney, the double contractor with
Triplett. He indicates in his testimony three
times that there was "some misunderstanding"
about this §14,500 contract; but our committee
did not seem to think it worth while to inquire
into the fact as to who misunderstood it, and in
what particulars there was any conflict about it.
Before he shows the paper, he says, (page 56:)
il But there was com? misumlen>tanding, as I understand,
as to whom the money was to he paid."
On the same page, in answer to the question,
what was to be done with the $14,51)0, he replies: !
a Theie was a misimileritandins: upon that subject, and
as I r«uppo<-'e mere will be conflicting testimony upon it, I
would like to have the question postponed for the present "
And as in the case of the suppressed testimony
read to-day from the Clerk's desk, in which he
declines answering where the contract was made
with Gilbert, and thinks there is enough evi-
dence to convict Gilbert already, and appeals not
to be questioned so as to break down his testimony
already given, which was all struck out of the
evidence at Ins request, his request was granted.
Again, for the third time, on page 57, he says,
speaking of the graduated scale:
IC Beyond that (^l j0 per copy) it seem* to conflict with
tins wiitmg, and there is a conflict of opinion in relation to
It F I.S KWHERE. "
Where and with whom this conflict of opinion
existed, neither Sweeney nor Triplett is asked;
nor is Triplett asked to answer the question which
Sweeney declined replying to in his suppressed
testimony, as to the place where the corrupt bar-
gain was entered into.
But Sweeney incautiously supplies the " con-
flicting testimony" himself by making two asser-
tions m his testimony absolutely contradictory of
each other, and that, too, on a vital point. I give
them together, (p. 57:)
u /?i/ Mr. Orr.—Then it was f he understanding that it [the
$m,:">o0j irut to he paid to Mr. Gilbert by you ?
'• That was my undefUanJing at the interview
to wim'ii I have refem-d 1'
Ihit he, on the same day, volunteers an entirely
diifercnt answer unasked, as follows, (p. 64:)
f tri^h to t-tafe under oarh that theie was no nuanijp-
iiKMil helween I\Ii. Gilbert and myself bv winch J was to
rr*eeivo anvthins, ou by which j"w.\s to pay iioi any-
thing, or m any way be-nivolved m the matter."
And yet on testimony thus taken ex parte, eli-
cited by leading questions, altered afterwards to
suit the witness before it was sent to Gilbert, with
the poor prolFer of a cross-examination thirteen
days after u was given—testimony thus contradic-
tory, in which each witness contradicts himself,
and contradicts each other also, we are asked to
expel a member from this House !
i know, sir, that the circulation of this report
has prejudiced public opinion against the accused;
but 1 shall join in no hue and cry against a man
whom I sincerely believe (o be unjustly assailed.
I should be unworthy of the trust confided to me
here if, after having examined this remarkable
testimony, and analyzed it as I have before you
to-day, I became convinced of the innocence of
the member charged, and yet feared to express
that opinion and the reasons for it openly. J will
vote for the expulsion of any member who is
clearly proved to be guilty of corruption m his
high office, if that member was my dearest friend,
instead of being but a bare acquaintance, as is the
gentleman from New York. But I do believe that!
not only is the charge " not proven;" but that he j
is actually " not guilty," and I have given reasons
for the faith that is in me. Nay, more, strike
! Sweeney's testimony from the record, and a close
j inspection of Triplett's first day's testimony will ;
j show that it is not inconsistent with Gilbert's j
I enure innocence, if you keep in view that Swec- <
j ney had probably told him previously that Gilbert I
| was " all right," and that Triplett construed his !
j kindly and friendly remarks into evidence of •
! being ready for corruption. And Triplett, it will [
j be remembered, says he never knew/mn, Gilbert jl
j that he was to have a cent, or that he wanted any
. order such as the one he gave Sweeney, or that
j its proceeds were to be paid to him.
i The report of the committee has carried greater
; weight with the public also, against Mr. Gilbert,
j because it declares that the testimony was elicited
I from reluctant witnesses. But I regret to have
j to say, that as I view Sweeney's testimony as
j printed, (and the suppressed portions read to-day
are even more significant,) this is not borne out
by his course. Here arc five distinct invitations
by him to the committee to alter their questions,
so that he could furnish his testimony: Page 61,
" If your questions were piopounded in a little
different form, it might bring out something;." Same
page, " If the question be propounded so that I
cannot avoid answering directly, I will answer,
however reluctantly, if it no not strike too
deep!" Same page, in answer to Mr. Ritchie,
" No, sir, not exactly." Page 62, " The question
has not yet been asked to bring out from me what I
suppose the committee want to know." Same
page, " 1 know the points the committee are
driving at, but as I understand the questions, my
answers are correct." If all tins b; not coaxing
the committee along, instead of being reluctant,
I do not understand the force of language.
I have not time to allude at length to the pos-
sibility that a failure on Gilbert's part to ofFerand
pass the book resolution, as Sweeney and Trip-
lett evidently hoped he would, may have led to
this charge against him; or that, having found
that their contract was an illegal one, the parties
to it sought to evade punishment by inculpating
an innocent member, who was, however, known
to be friendly to the book purchase, and against
whom, therefore, suspicion might be the better
invoked. Nor will I stop to allude to the voluntary
confession Sweeney says Gilbert made to him of
having received seven square miles of land for his
Iowa railroad vote, which is contradicted by the
very person whom Sweeney says was the corrupt
agent in that transaction, (Hon. George W.Chase,)
but which sworn denial is not even alluded to m
the report, which professes to sum up all the tes-
timony, and also asks us to vote that Gilbert did
sell his vote on that bill. But I cannot omit
directing the attention of the House to the r&ent
well-known conspiracy casein New Yoik, of Liv-
ingston vs. Moore, where three different witnesses
testified to three different contracts made by the
latter with them to murder the former, giving all
the details of the conversations, his instructions
how to kill him &c.; which was, nevertheless,
pioved to be an utterly shameless conspiracy, al-
though supported by the testimony of the brother
of the accused, and the defendant consequently
acquitted, with the umveisal approval of the pub-
lic opinion of thatgieat city. Let us beware that
we do not unjustly strike down a fellow-member,
and send him dtsgiaced from this Capitol, with
his reputation, dearer to him than life, robbed
from him by our votes, based on testimony so
extraordinary, conflicting, and antagonistical as
this now before us.
Mr. PURVIANCE. I rise to a question of
order. I submit whether it is order on the pend-
ing question to go into an examination of the
merits of this case ? I make the question of order
on my own friend, so that the House will see I am
only governed by proper motives.
The SPEAKER. The debate must be limited
to the motion to recommit with instructions, if
the point of order be insisted on.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man to let me interrupt him at this point. I think
the frieifis of the gentleman against whom the
report has been made are doing him unintention-
ally great injustice if they desire—and I believe
they do — to meet directly the charges made
against him. I therefore suggest to my friend, as
the friend of the parties accused, to allow the House
to come to a vote on the motion to recommit with
instructions. Then, when that shall have been
decidi-d—and I do not desire to say one word on
it—the question will be on the adoption of the
amendment moved by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, and after that, on the passage of the
resolutions. When that shall be done, the whole
merits of the case will be before the House. If
the House shall resolve not to call witnesses
anew, then the question for the House to decide
will be, whether there is enough in this r^ord
evidence to justify the adoption of the first reso-
lution. If there be not evidence enough to adopt
the resolution, then the second resolution falls of
itself, and the gentlemen stand as they are entitled
to stand, by a deliberate and open vote of their
peers, free from every imputation. If there is
evidence enough to carry the resolution, then the
House should insist on their expulsion. I ask
the gentleman to let a vote be had by common
consent on the pending resolution.
