THE CONGRESSI0M 'GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED B.T JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGJONVK^d''
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 1857.
New Series. .
Mr. COLFAX.  I think that it is singular the
question of order should be raised on me when
* the debate by other members has taken so wide
- a range™*, but at the suggestion of the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] and with the un-
derstanding1 that there is to be full opportunity to
analyze this conflicting evidence ■ before final ac-
tion,! will yield,after making1 one further remark,
' to conclude the point to which I was alluding
sdien interrupted.
Mr. CLINGrMAN. I think the gentleman is
* in order. The whole subject is open to discus-
sion.
• The SPEAKER. If the question of order be
insisted on, the Chair must hold genLk-men to the
question immediately before the House.
- <Mr. CLINGrMAN. J-n order that there may
foe no misunderstanding, I make this question of
order. Theresolutionsagainstthegentleman from
New York [Mr. Gilbert] arc before the House.
There is a motion made to recommit those res-
olutions, with instructions. Of necessity both
•' those questions are before the House, and any
gentleman is in order in debating them, and the
evidence reported by the committee.
The SPEAKER. A motion to recommit the
•resolutions of the committee would open the
merits of the case; but the debate on a motion to
recommit with specific instructions must, if the
point be made, be confined to those instructions.
, Mr. HOUSTON. So far as tins point is con-
cerned I wish to say that I want the House brought
to*a vote. If the discussion is to go on now, not
'<HjIy,yviLli reference to the immediate proposition
. before us, but the resolutions of the committee,
then when we have disposed of that proposition,
J shall, if I get the floor, jpove the previous ques-
tion on those resolutions. But I do not think t'lie
general discussion should be had now.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire, in justice to myself,
■to say that my acquaintance with the gentleman
from New York is so limited that not twenty
sentences have passed between us during the
3#htf(e Congress; and if gentlemen will allow me
i will make but one remark in conclusion of what
* I have already said. Sweeney, when called on to
; "implicate Mr.'Welch in regard to the fifty dollar
transaclion, does not state, and is not asked by
the committee to state whether the conversation
- Occurred between them in the spnng or in the
fall, in the summer or in the winter; and the
result has been to foreclose all chance of the ac-
cused provilig an alibi. Now in every cause this
right of demanding specific evidence should be
guarantied to the accused.
Mr. LETCHER obtained the floor.
Mr. ORR. I' hope the gentleman will allow
'„ the course to be pursued that has been suggested
by the gentleman from Maryland.
- Mr. LETCHER. I intend to do so in less
than five minutes. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
that we are all laboring under a misapprehension
- in regard to the course proper to be pursued in
this case. This proceeding on the part of this
committee cannot properly be likened to the pro-
ceeding of a grand jury; the examination and the
_ decision of this House are not to be hkened to a j
criminal/trial; nor can it be insisted on here that
the rules' which /govern criminal trials should op-
erate .in disposing of this case. These parses are
■jK>t under trial here for a cr'mmal offense of which
this House can take cognizance. They are to be
taken up and proceeded against in the criminal
courts for criminal offenses, if such are charged
■against them. The whole point here is whether
-the House, upon the examination that has been
had, has come to the conclusion, from the evidence
. taken before the committee, that these parties
liave been guilty of such conduct as will justify
.-this House in refusing longer to recognize them
■as members and'to associate with them as such.
:That is the whole point.
? If gentlemen will take the trouble to look to the
\ftpt of 26th of February, 1853, entitled <! Jla act
. prevent frauds upon, the Treasury of the United
they will find that the third section of
.th$t act relates- to the conduct of members of
57
Gongress in connection with thfc passage of bills,
or with other frauds, to get money from the pub-
lic Treasury. Whatever the views of tins House
may be as to the resolution of expulsion, it can-
not protect these parties from a, criminal prose-
cution and a trial in the courts, if they have
violated the law of the land. What is the third
section of that act?
Mr. SIMMONS. Will the gentleman allow
me a word?
Mr. LETCHER. When I have read the law,
I will listen to the gentleman. The law is as fol-
lows:
"CiiiP. LXXXI.—An Jict to prevent Frauds upon the
Treasury of the United States.
" Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any Senator or
Repiosentative m Congvc«a who, alter the passage ot thid
act, shall, foi compensation paid or to lie paid, eeitain or
contingent, act as agent or attorney for piosecutmg any
clnnu or e"hum& against the United States, or shall in any
manner or by any means for such compensation aid or
as&ist in the piosecution or support of any sucli claim or
claims!, or shall receive any gratuity, of any share ot or in-
terest in any claim from any claimant against the United
States, with intent to aid or assir-t, or in consideration of
having aukd or as^Uted m the prosecution of such claim,
shall be liable to Indictment as for a misdemeanor in any
comt of the United States having jurisdiction thereof, and,
On conviction, shall pay a line not exceeding five thousand
dollars, or suffer impugnment in the penitentiary not
exceeding one yeat, or both, ud the court in its discretion
shall adjudge."'
Now I will hear the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to ask the gentleman
if it is consistent with law, statute, or parliament-
ary or any other law, to convict a member ot this
House of an offence which deseives expulsion,
upon less than would be required before a jury
in a cnmmal court ?
Mi\ LETCHER. I can answer the gentle-
man V question very readily by reference vto the
gentleman'-s own course toward Preston S.
Brooks.
The gentleman does not an-
Mr. SIMMONS,
swer the question.
Mr. LETCHER,
him ?
Mr. SIMMONS.
reason that- 
Mr. LETCHER.
Did not you vote to expel
I did; but it was for the
The gentleman's own action
furnishes the information in regard to the pro-
priety of the action of this House in a case involv-
ing the privileges of its members.
Mr. SIMMONS. Allow me to explain a mo-
ment. I understood that the whole question
then was as to the jurisdiction. The parties had
pleaded to the juusdiction, and the report of the
minority was, that this House had no right. I
made an argument upon that point. Whether
the parties did so or so, there was no evidence;
and 1 tpok it for granted that it was aspecial plea
or demurier. The ground I went upon was, that
the facts were not disputed at all by anybody. I
would not vote for expelling any man, not even
for the expulsion ofMr. Biooks,ifhe hau knocked
the man's brains out, without giving him a trial,
if he wanted it. Dull ask the gentleman if he
is ready to vote for expelling any man upon tes-
timony that would be insufficient to convict him
in a court of justice? That is the first question.
The next is, whether he ever heard, in Virginia
or any other State where they have regular laws,
of a man's being convicted of bribery upon the
testimony of witnesses who can gire nothing but
inferences or impressions, and cailnot state a
single fact from which they draw those iniei-
ences ?
Mr. LETCHER.. The gentleman owns up
very fairly that he voted to expel Mr. Brooks,
but he presents the most extraordinary reasons
for it that it has ever been my misfortune to hear.
He says he would not vote to expel any man un-
less he had a fair trial; but, as Mr. Brooks did
not ask for a trial, he would expel him before such
trial was had. Now, if lie, as a member of this
House, knew that the party was entitled to a fair
trial, does the simple fact, that the party did not
demand it, justify the gentleman from New York
in proceeding to try him, and in proceeding to
expel him from this House, so far .as his VQte was
concerned, and thereby, in the language,of the
gentleman from Maine, (Mr. Wa$hb*ts«,,1 de-
prive one of the districts of this Union ortts "Rep-
resentative upon this floor? , / ,
Now, sir, the gentleman over the .way, from
Indiana, [Mr. Colfax,] undertook to that the
party here under trial ou^ht not to bfe convicted
upon the testimony of witnesses, because there,
are discrepancies between th^ni; that one o'fihein
said that there had been conversations in regard
to a graduated scale fo* the purpose of ascertaining
the amount to be fixed in the bill, and that the
other did not recollect anything of that sort.
Mr. Triplett says pretty distinctly;
(<l think there was something wiid about a graduated
scMle", or perhaps that $1 35 a copy was to be paid to my-
self, and all beyond to go to some other person."
Mr. COLFAX. Let me correct thegenticman.
Mr. LETCHER. Hold still a moment.
, Mr. COLFAX. Thegentlcman misunderstood
my remarks. My statement was upon another
remark of the witness.
Mr. LETCHER. I*do not care which remark
it was upon; the witnesses confirm each other.
Mr. ROBISON. I rise to a point of order.
The gentleman from Virginia announced his in-
tention to call the previous question, if I under-
stood him.
Mr. LETCHER. Is it your point of order
that I have not called the previous question?
Mr. ROBISON.- I desire to confine the gentle-
man's remarks to the point; and I make the point
of order that he is discussing the general prin-
ciples of this matter.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ha*s decided that
debate must be confined to the question imme-
diately before the House. * .
Mr.-LETCHER. I was only following- the
example which has been set me. Now, Mr.
Speaker, if the proof is here, I take sccasion to
submit to the Chair that there is no need of in-
structions. If the proof is not here, it is a sub-
ject for investigation and inquiry. But I do not
choose to make a controversy with the Chair
about the question of order. 1 now demand the
previous question. "
Mr. STANTON. I want the gentleman to
answer me one question first.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, I withdraw the pre-
vious question for that purpose.
Mr STANTON. I profess to mean what I
say—that I have acted upon principle in this mat-
ter, and in the former action of*this House in
similar cases. The question is this: 1 maintain
that every member of this House charged with
an o ft'cnse has the right to a trial; but he has the
right to waive a trial. Is not that so in Virginia?
Mr. LETCHER. He can waive it by plead-
ing guilty. k
Mi. STANTON. He may waive his right to
a jury trial by a plea of guilty or not guilty. So
in the ease of Mr. Brooks. He did notaslgfor
a trial. He did not deny any of the facts alleged
against him, and, as his colleague says, he did
not care-
Mr. LETCHER. I would like to know
whether my colleague [Mr. Edmundson] or the
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] did
not deny the charge, explicitly and unqualifiedly,
and whether the gentleman or any of his friends
did propose a trial for them?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman's colleague
in that proceeding did claim that he had not had
a fair trial; and for that reason' I voted that he
should not be convicted. I stand right on that
record and on that principle, and there I mean to
stand. _
Mr. LETCHER. If so, the gentleman did not
stand on the same principle on which the sixty
other members on his side of the House stood. I
want to see on what principle these sixty are going
to stand now; and on what principle the gentle-
man from Ohio is .going to stand. 1 now call the
previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN.
I desire to know, if the
