1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8
(Report, p. 56.) In order to connect Mr. Gilbert
•with the transaction, it was'necessary to violate
the plainest law of evidence by parole proof, con-
tradicting and explaining the written document,
allow Sweeney to swear his own name off the,
writing, and put on Gilbert's. In this predica-"
ment, Sweeney stated that the writing was not
the contract, but that the contract wa£ verbal, and
made in his presence, between Gilbert and Trip-
lea.—(Report, p. 56.) Being asked to state the
conversation between Gilbert and Triplett, on
which .the whole case turned, he says: " I can-
not remember the details of the conversation."—
(Report, p. 57.) Being then asked to give the
"general purport," he answers: " I would not pre-
tend to give the language used on that occasion. I
do not know that I can give even the substance
of their talk."
Able to-give neither the details of the conver-
sation, nor the language, nor its general purport,
nor even its substance, this question is then pro-
pounded: " By M. Orr.—What was your impres-
sion?"—(Report, p. 57.) Thus turned loose into
the boundless and unchecked field of impressions,
it would seem to be an easy matter for a witness
of Sweeney's character to establish any point the
committee desired; but at almost every step he
needed and was lent the aid of leading questions,
for the very answer as to bis impression whether
the rate to be paid wag $1 35 per copy, and the
sum of $7,500, is qualified by the remarkable ex-
pressions, " I may be mistaken in saying that he
was to give $7,500 if the books were put in at
$1 35. It may have commenced at $1 40, at $8,000.
I think I could figure it up so as to speak precisely;
but my impression is, that it was $7,500 for $1 35
per copy, and $500 for every five cents per copy
beyond that sum.—(Record, p. 77.) At this
juncture, unable to specify the contract by lan-
guage, details, purport, substance, or impression
—for his impressions contradicted each other—
unable even to "figure it up," he is helped out
t>y the suggestion of a "graduated scale," and
seizes upon it with alacrity.
" By Mr. Orr.—It was a graduated-scale con-
tract, then?"
" Witness.—Precisely."
■ But this was*°not free from difficulty, for the
writing was for a specific sum—was no " gradu-
ated-scale contract;" so that, seeing danger ahead,
the witness goes on to say: "Then there was a
certain sum which he agreed to pay beyoild that;"
""1 think it was the expectation, dbc. I think he
was to pay at the rate I have stated, &c. I could
not speak with accuracy, however, as to the figures,
without making a calculation." Pausing here, let
any candid man notice this proceeding. The com-
mittee were dealing behind a member's back with
a matter that involved his dearest rights as a mem-
ber, a citizen, and a man. They were inquiring
in his absence as to his guilt or innocence of a
charge which, if true, in their view warranted
expulsion. They had before them a witness to
establish that charge. The question was, whether
there was a contract between Gilbert and Triplett,
as the witness had sworn ? The writing ho pro-
duced showed the contract was his own, and not
Gilbert's. The witness then undertook to estab-
lish by conversation a verbal contract, different
from the writing. Charged, as the committee
"were, with the honor of a member and the duty
of justice to a man, by assuming an examination
behind his back, in what court would such a lead-
ing examination have been allowed?
But to constitute the contract, there must have
been a sum to be paid, and a person to receive it.
'As to the sum, we have seen that neither " pur-
port," " impressions," " figures," nor " gradu-
ated scale" would arrive at any certainty, and the
committee have not even ventured to specify any
sum, although an essential element of the contract,
_if any existed. How is it as to the person who
was to be paid ? On page 5G, near the top of the
page, it will be seen that the witness says: " there
was some misunderstanding, as I understood, as to
whom the money was to be paid." The payment
specified in the writing was to be made to Swee-
ney alone.
VI. On page 57, near the bottom of the page,
it will be seen that the committee having failed,
even by the mode they adopted, to ascertain what
sum was to be paid, directed their attention to the
person who was to receive the money. The
■writing showed no connection with Gilbert; and
having asked whether any resolution had been
offered, which was answered in the negative, this
question, if it can be so called, was immediately
propounded:
" By Mr.'Orr.—were, then, to pay over this
'money to Mr. Gilbert, if the resolution passed?"
But the witness, not yet prepared to follow this
lead, answered: " There was something said
about negotiating the paper, if the resolution
"By the Chairman.—Who was to have the avails
of it?
" Witness.—I have stated in my explanation
who the bargain was made between. I do not
know that I was instructed, in so many words,
to pay the money to anybody." But it being
necessary, in the view of the committee, to im-
plicate Mr. Gilbert, the witness was again led to
the charge that was wanted:
" By Mr. Orr.—Then it was the understanding
that it was to be paid to Mr. Gilbert by you?"
Placed on the safe ground of understanding, the
lead was thus promptly followed:
" Witness.—That was my understanding at the
interview to which I have referred." But he adds:
" As I have stated, I was not called on afterwards
to pay it to anybody." (Page 58.)
With such a witness, and such a course of ex-
amination by a secret committee behind his back,
what member of Congress is safe from imputa-
tion ?
The attention of the House is directed to what
took place a little further on, at page 58. Seek-
ing for the implication of other members, the
witness is asked by Mr. Orr for conversations
between Mr. Gilbert and other members as to
their participation in the transaction, with the
proper caution in this instance that " I only, in
that, ask for your personal knowledge." Thus
restrained, the honor of other members was saved
only by that precaution, as Mr. Gilbert's might
have been, if, as common justice required, the
same caution had been used towards him, for the
.witness answers:
" Witness.—My impression is very strong that
other persons did have an interest in it, but [ can-
not certainly answer the question; for, although
,1 have inferred that other members were inter-
ested, I may have drawn the inference Errone-
ously," &c.
Now if the same rule had been applied to others,
and this witness called upon, as he was in respect
to Mr. Gilbert, for his "impressions" and his
" inferences, although they might be erroneous,"
who would have escaped? And why were all the
rules of evidence and common justice violated in
order to strike down one member rather than
another? If one inquisition may select its victims,
why may not another do the same ?
VII. To pursue the examination and point out
all its violations of justice and law would require
too much time. But one thing is too remarkable
to be passed over. By what means the commit-
tee undertook to establish their first charge has
already been seen. Having exhausted the " im-
pressions," thoughts, "figures," and "under-
standings" of the witness on the first point, they
proceed, on page 59 of the report, to make some
inquiry touching the subject of the second charge.
After some questions had been propounded by
Mr. Orr, the answers to which in no degree im-
plicated Mr. Gilbert, or anyone else, the witness
having intimated that he could not criminate any
one but Mr. Gilbert, he is thus encouraged:
" By Mr. Warner.—It is due to other witnesses
who have testified before us that their testimony should
be corroborated, and therefore we ask you the ques-
tion."— (Report, p. 60.)
Now, this examination was on the 16th of Jan-
uary. The journal of the committee shows that
they met for the first time on the 12th of January,
and appointed a clerk.—(Report, p. 40.) That
they again met on the 14th and examined Henry
J. Raymond, and on the 15th examined James
W. Simonton. Sweeney was the next witness.
Raymond and Simonton, then, were the only wit-
nesses who had been examined. They were the
persons to whom it was "due that their testimony
should be corroborated," viz: the writer of the
charge against members of Congress, and its pub-
lisher. "But was that the authority delegated to
this committee by the House ? Was it not their
only duty, by fair means and legal evidence, to
seek the truth, without regard to whomsoever
might be " corroborated" or contradicted? ,Ancf
'when did it ever before, occur in a judicial inves-J
tigation that a flag was held out' to a witness to
notify him* that others had gone before in the
path of accusation, in-which he might safely fol-
low ? That " therefore " the question was asked.?*
And does not this statement, appearingupon their
own record, afford a clew to the extraordinary
conduct of the committee in violating the rules'
of evidence and the principles of justice towards
a member? A calumnious - charge indiscrimin-
ately against members<f Congress, published iii*
a widely-circulated journal, the testimony of its
authors failing to establish its truth, thpy required .
" corroboration." But the undersigned solemnly
protests against this effort to sacrifice him in order
to corroborate the assailants of Congress.
And in this connection it cannot fail to be ob-
served, that both Sweeney and Triplett seem,like
the committee, to consider it their special mission
in this case to" corroborate "those who had gone
before "them in charging corruption upon Con-
gress; for both swear to the charge of the Times
that such is the general reputation of Congress.
VIII. How such an intimation as was given to
Sweeney by Mr. Warner would operate upon a
" vindictive and not over-scrupulous man," as
the committee admit Sweeney to be, can readily
be understood, and it accounts for his extraordi-
nary and incredible story that a member; of Con-
gress voluntarily should, in tRepublicstreets, boast
te another, without motive or pledge of secrecy,
that he had received " seven square miles of land
and some stock" for 'his single vote for a bill on
which only fifty-nine members voted against its
passage.
The means by which the committee extracted
from Sweeney the accusatory material upon the
first charge (evidence it cannot be called) has al-
ready been considered. And here is revealed,by
the delaration of one of the committee, in open
session, to a witness on the stand, the reason why
they sought for the other charge. But is it not
incumbent on the committee to explain what-cor-
roboration was needed for the witnesses "who
have testified before?" Where is their evidence?
No such previous testimony appears on the rec-
ord.
A witness upon the stand, under secret exam-
ination, evidently desirous, but hesitating to ac-
cuse, is told by his examiners that " it is due to
other witnesses who have testified before us that
their testimony should be corroborated." (Report,
p. 60.) What is the import of this observation
to the witness immediately after his own hintthat
he can implicate some one?. Is it not an impru-
dent and dangerous intimation to him—first, that
the committee wis/i to strengthen an accusation,
and will credit the accuser; second, that he may
safely accuse, because others have already done
so; and as he will corroborate them, so they will
corroborate him ? Does it-not, also, signify that
the committee, losing sight of the limited author-
ity and responsible duty intrusted to them by the
House, had become, as it were, the prosecuting
agents of the editor and correspondent of the
New York Times, and, in anxiety to " corrob-
orate" the wholesale traducers of Congress, for-
got justice to members of Congress?
IX. The story of Sweeney, however, is incredi-
ble m itself, and stands, by the confession of the
committee, " solitary and alone." The only two
witnesses against Mr. Gilbert were Triplett and
Sweeney, and the former said nothing about the
Iowa land bill. But, if seven square miles_ of
land, (4,480 acres,) worth, at Government price,
over $11,000, were given for one vote, the land
must have had some location—there must have
been some evidence of grant, some giver to be-
stow such a bounteous gift. Where, then, is the
land, and who gave itJ Every foot of land granted
by the Iowa land bill can be traced. None has
been traced to Mr. Gilbert by the committee.
They had before them Mr. Chase, the very per-
son named as the bestower of the gift, and he
positively denies the whole charge. But the la-
borious path by which the committee arrived at
the ridiculous ptory of Sweeney and the manner
in which he trifled and amused himself with them,
is worthy of notice. It appears from the report
(pao-e 60) that after Mr. Warner had held out the
/|ag° to the witness, Mr. Orr took him in hand,
and, after an examination of a page and a half,
extracted nothing. On page 61 Mr. Warner took
