902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
Mr. CLINGMAN. I would suggest that, by
common consent, the gentleman be allowed to
proceed after the vote is taken upon the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any debate.
Mr. PtIRVIANCE, I desire to make a mod-
ification of my proposition, by striking out the
words " and other witnesses;" so as to confine
the examination to the witnesses Sweeney and
TripJett.
Mr. BENNETT, of Mississippi. I object.
. Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, no! that is rig'nt.
Mr. CUMBACIt. I wish to make a suggestion^
If the resolution of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania should prevail, it will obviate the necessity
of the gentleman from New York and the gentle-
man from Maryland addressing the House at
this time at all. I think we ought first to take a
vote upon that resolution.
The SPEAKER. It will be done if the House
consent
Mr. SEWARD. I object to any modification
4fcf the resolution of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. If we go into a trial of this matter, I want
every witness who knows anything about the
transaction to conic before tins House for exam-
ination.
Mr. WATSON. Has the gentleman not a
right to modify it?
The SPEAKER. Only by general consent.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I rise to a point of
order. Nothing is in order, unless the gentleman
from Maryland proceed, but to adjourn; and 1
objcct to anything else. j
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary- j
land is entitled to the floor. i
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I suppose the j
gentleman from Kentucky will not object if the j
gentleman from New York [Mr. Gilbert] cle- !
sires to say anything. t
Mr. II. MARSHALL. Of course 1 will not. j
Mr. CUMBACK. I rise to a point of order. |
It seems to me that it is not in order either fo>- ;
the gentleman from Maryland or the gentleman ■
from New Yoik to addtes.s the [louse now. when \
the question pending before the House .s, whether <
the gentleman from New York shall have a tnal j
at the bar of the House. !
The SPEAKER. The rules give the gentle-j'
man from Maryland the righltoclose the debate. ;
The House has closed it upon the part of other
members, and the Chair will close it upon the j
part of the gentleman trom Maryland, unless (he |
House will hear the gentleman from New York, i
Mr. WASIIIllfRN, of Maine. Is jr not com- j
potent for the i louse to take a vote now 3 I
The SPEAKER. It uj, by the consent of the j
House. i
Mr. PURVIANCE. Before the gentleman from '
Maryland proceeds I wish to say one tiling. The \
resolution which has just been read to the House
provides, if passed, that the accused have
the n^ht of being heard by himself, or counsel.
Now, if he is to be heard before the passage of
the resolution} and the resolution is passed, he
will be twice heard at the bar of the House.
Mr. ORR. Let him be twice heard. j
*"* Mr. PURVIANCE. 1 hope the House will !
consent to have the vote taken upon the rcsolu- ;
tjon now. |
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I wish to I
state, on behalf of my colleague, [Mr. Gilbert,) i
that he has dewed this charge, and demands a i
trial; and he wants a vote taken upon this resolu- '
tion. It can be done by unanimous consent. If j
he is not allowed a trial, lie desires to be heard •
here, and to be heard by counsel; but he is not i
ready to be heard to-night. i
Mr. HO U STON. It take s infinitely more time, !
Under our mode of proceeding, to settle the pre-'
limmaries, than it does to settle the question. I j
want to come to some definite course of action, !
and I object to ail these interruptions. j
Mr, BENNETT, of New York. It seems to '
me that, as a matter of j ust ice, my colleague should
be allowed to be heard.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
request of the gentleman from New York to the
House whenever it is made.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. My request
is that this House, by common consent, allow a
vote to be taken without debate on the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Portia.ncb,] and that the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Davis,] and the gentleman from New '
York, [Mr. Gilbert,] shall reserve their rights j
4until after the vote shall have been taken. ' ,
* Mr. ORR. I object. |
Mr. COLFAX. Weil, as a member of the j
committee objects,-I move to lay the whole sub- i
ject on the table.
Mr. BENNETT, of .New York. I move to
suspend the rules for my motion.
Mr. LETCHER^ There is now pending a
proposition to suspend the rules, offered yester-
day.
The SPEAKER. This is a question inci-
dental to the business before the House.
Mr. ORR. I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER stated, the request of Mr. Ben-
nett, of New York, on behalf of Mr. Gilbert.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, the
few observations which I desire to submit will ap-
ply to this precise question, and therefore I desire
to proceed. I do not design to trouble the House
with a disquisition orv the evidence taken, because
every gentleman here is as competent to judge as
to the evidence as I am. But there has been yet
condemn the persons whose names are mentioned
111 the report? That is now the first question be-
fore the House.
Various reasons have been assigned why the
witnesses should be examined before the House.
The argument of all the gentlemen who have
spoken in favor of the gentleman implicated by
the resolution has been, that unless the witnesses
are here to be reexamined, or unless they shall
be again examined, the party will be condemned
or acquitted without having been tried. It is
to that one question of parliamentary law that I
respectfully invite the attention of the House. I
desire to say that if that be law, then there has
been, in the history of this Government, no case
in whicha gentleman has been proceeded against
by either House of Congress, in which they have
not proceeded to vote on his condemnation before
a trial.
What is the precise course of procedure fol-
lowed by the committee? They were ordered to
investigate the existence of certain corrupt combi-
nations. They ascertained that there were no such
general corrupt combinations as were mentioned.
no discussion on the main point now to be de-1| There was a further clause in the preamble of the
cided by the House on the amendment moved by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. And on that
point, as a matter of parliamentary law and pro-
cedure, I desire this House not to set a precedent
which will entangle it hereafter.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I desire to
raise this question, whether that is a point on
which the gentleman has the privilege to close
debate?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land is pnv iHj;ed to debate the merits of the ques-
tion before the House.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Is not the
tronilrman from New York [Mr. Gilbert] to be
Inwd ?
The SPEAKER. The House will decide the
question wnether he is to be heard or not. If the
tfenth man from New Yoik will submit a question
to the {louse on the pait of his colleague, the
Chair wll take the sense of the Hou.se on it.
M r. BEN N ETT, of New York. I ask whether
he is tu be precluded from being heard at all t
[01 ies of " Not at all.''j
The SPEAK ER. The Chair understands that
he has unanimous consent to be heard after the
iCenthman from Maryland, and before the ques-
tion is decided.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Can he be
lu aid bv counsel ?
The SPEAKER. Not by counsel.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I modify that
request, and ask that he be heard by counsel as
Well as personally.
Mr. ORR. That depends on whether the res-
olution be adopted or not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to say, as regards any application from the
gentleman whose name is mentioned in the reso-
lution to be heard by counsel or m person, he shall
have my vote.
The resolution now before the House is, so far
a* my investigations have gone into cases under
the summary power of the House to expel a mem-
ber, in the form which every resolution of this
kind that has been reported has assumed. The
motion made by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
resolution which referred to the statement of-a
member on this floor, that the charge indicated,
was riot without foundation. And the House
knows that there was a further statement of that
member that a particular proposal had been made
to him by a member of the House. The resolu-
tion in its preamble referred to the statement in
the newspaper which had been read before the
House; and that statement did not confine itself
to the simple matter of combinations. It went on
to add various kinds of corruption prevailing in
the House. On the order of that resolution, the
gentlemen of the committee proceeded in the work
assigned them—never'acting on anonymous or
irresponsible communications-—always summon-
ing witnesses if they had a responsible name pre-
sented to them. In the course of that investiga-
tion, after the examination of Mr. Raymond and
Mr. Simonton, two witnesses were examined,
whose evidence, as taken, appears in the printed
record before the House—unless that record is
to be considered as varied by what was read from
the Clerk's table — a variation quite immaterial
as touching the facts or character controverted.
When that evidence was completed, so that the
committee could see that there was a case made
upon which it would not be impertinent that they
should call upon these gentlemen to explain the
testimony given, they did so call upon them.
If gentlemen will examine the record they will
see what rule the committee acted upon when
anything was testified to in reference to any gen-
tleman which, upon examination, did not make
a case against him. They appended a note to
the evidence, saying that such evidence contained
no imputation or suspicion upon the gentleman
mentioned, and the committee proceeded without
reference to that statement.
That gentleman may be able to judge of the
spirit m which this investigation was conducted.
I call their attention to page 164 of the report.
This man Simonton —the Titus Oates of this
proceeding, animated by all the wickedness and
falsehood, without the audacity, of that reproach
to his kind, stated that he had frequently, from
, his reporter's desk, observed throe gentlemen,
ma is that at this stage of the proceedings two ij whose names he mentioned — Messrs. Gilber
witnesses may be examined at the bar of the
House  : j
Several Members. Twowitnessesuorothrrs." ,1
Mr. SEWARD. If there 13 any trouble about :i
the two witnesses, let the resolution be modified. |
I wiihd/aw my objection. |:
Mr. DAVIS, of. Maryland. That two wit- ii
nesses shall bo brought before the House for ex- ,1
Edwards, and Welch—on consultation with Mr.
Chase, and others, change their votes repeatedly
during the last session of Congress, and then,
with Mr. Chase, exhibit much exultation at the
change of result. The committee went through
the Journal to, see whether that was the fact, and
they found that the witness had in this as well
as in other instances testified to what, within the
animation. The two witnesses named are the twos1 knowledge of the committer, was false. The
whom the committee have examined. " Others5'
arc mentioned, but their names are not indicated,
nor has any statement been made on which the
House can act, that there are, in point of fact,
any witnesses who can state any facts relative to
the controversy.
The question, therefore, before the House now
is, whether we shall adopt a new course of pro-
cedure—a new precedent—to examine again wit-
nesses who have heretofore been examined, or
whether the House shall rely on the evidence
taken by the committee appointed for that pur-
pose, and shall, voting on that evidence, acquit or
committee did not therefore furnish those gen-
tlemen with a copy of this testimony, but them-
selves, by the vote which they appended, relieved
them from all imputation arising from the false-
hood.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to correct a single remark. When I was
before the committee of investigation I inquired
if Mr. Simonton had testified anything against
myself, and thecommittee remarked that he had.
1 replied that the imputation that was cast upon
me by Simonton was not true. The committee
said to me that they had examined the Journal
