1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
90r
in regard to the matter—that it was not true. I
said to the committee, that if they should report
the evidence to the House, I wished to give a
negative to the statement, and have it go on the
record with the evidence. I find that the com-
mittee have reported the testimony of Mr. Simon-
ton without my testimony against it. I say that
the testimony,so far as he testifies against me, is
false.
Several Members. So the committee have
I said.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
geems to have misunderstood entirely my course
of observation. Now, sir, if, according to the
hypothesis of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] the moment the name of a gentleman
was mentioned by a witness, it was our duty to
call that gentleman before us, then it was our duty
in this case to have called the gentleman before
us when no further fact appeared against him,
and the committee were certain that what was
testified to was false, and cast no imputation
upon him. The committee did not so look upon
theirduty. They supposed that while theyshould
-push the investigation to the extreme of their
powers, they should not regard any gentleman
implicated so far as to call him before them, until
there was such a case made out that, unless it
was rebutted, would entitle the committee to say
there is something to which the gentleman ought
to respond before the House. And, therefore, m
the case to which I have alluded, they did not call
those gentlemen from New York before them until
they had had time to look over the Journals, and
ascertain whether the testimony was true or false,
nor till other witnesses had made out another case
against them.
And in the case of the evidence of these wit-
nesses, Sweeney and Triplett, what were the
committee to do ? In the first place they testified
to facts without stating any name. In the case
of Triplett the name was almost the last thing
stated. In the case of Sweeney he stated the
facts in great part before he did the name; and
until they had stated such facts as, if true, re-
quired to be met, the committee would not call
for the name and connect any honorable gentle-
man with statements which, though too vague to
prove a crime, might cast a suspicion. Sir, they
' acted tenderly. They did not choose even to
•allow the name of any gentleman to be connected
with this investigation outside of the committee-
room, until they could say that testimony had
been given which made out at least a prima facie
case against him. But when all the evidence in
a particular case had been taken, and the com-
mittee were satisfied that such a case was piade
out, they then delivered to the gentleman impli-
cated a full copy of all that had been testified
against him with the invitation to come before
the committee and make out his own case ? Now,
what is the condition of the record relative to the
gentleman now in question ?
On page 75 of the record will be found the fol-
lowing:
Room of the Committee of Investigation,
Hocseof Representatives, January 29,3857.
Sir: I herewith transmit to you a copy of certain testi-
mony given before the committee of investigation, in which
your name appears. The committee will be ready to hear
any explanation or defense you may desire to make, at their
room, to-morrow, at ten o'clock, a. m.
X am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
VV. H. KELSEY,
Chairman of the Committee.
Hon. William A. Gilbert.
Was it more kind to that gentleman privately
to notify him what the facts were, and to send
him a copy of the evidence, that he might appear
before the committee, and lay before it the evi-
dence which disproved every allegation against
him, before itshould become the subject of harsh
and anery crimination and recrimination in this
House) Or was it more prudent, that we should,
• as suggested by the gentleman, come before the
' House with the name of the gentleman, as con-
nected with corrupt combinations, and ask that
the committee have leave to proceed against him ?
I say that asking to recommit it for a prima facie
case, without an opportunity on the gentleman's
part to refute it, would have been, in the present
state of public sentiment, a prima facie condem-
nation -, and it was in tenderness, and not to injure
the gentleman, that we kept the evidence and the
name secret till the whole was taken, and then
communicated it to him alone, that the impeach-
ment and defense might appear together.
Did we attempt to make a report before the
honorable gentleman had an opportunity for the
most ample defense? On the 13th of January,
Mr. Gilbert appeared and requested further time
in which to prepare his answer; which request
was acceded to by the committee. There was
then no suggestion of any transgression of the
bounds of their authority by the committee.
Being, as the committee supposed, rather tardy
in making his response, on the 2d of February
they addressed to him the following note:
" The committee of investigation will, to-morrow morn-
ing, at ten o'clock, proceed to consider your case, at which
time they will hear any witnesses you may desire to have
examined."
Not his witnesses—not those to be adduced in
his exculpation—not to cross-examine; but any
witnesses—those whose testimony had already
been taken, or others—any witnesses that he de-
sired should be there face to face with him, the
committee were ready to proceed to examine.
On the 3d of February Mir. Gilbert appeared,
and desired to know whether the testimony im-
plicating him was closed. He said that if any
further testimony was to be given, lie wished to
meet it all at the same time. The chairman replied
that there was no testimony held in reserve, and
that if there should be any other testimony given
in his case, he would be notified of it. Mr. Gil-
bert was desired to inform the committee whether
he wished the attendance of any witnesses. He
replied that he would be ready to answer to-morrow.
He had not yet determined whether he should require
witnesses or not. Mr. Gilbert was desired to state
whether he wished the attendance of the witnesses,
a copy of whose testimony had been furnished to him
by the committee ? He said that he had not made
up his mind, but was inclined to think that he should
not. The chairman stated to him that if he desired
their attendance, and would inform him at any
time before ten o'clock that night, they should be in
attendance before the committee at ten o'clock
the next mormngfor examination—not cross-exam-
ination, but exa7nination in his presence, to the main
facts implicating Jiim, at his option. The further
statement was made to Mr. Gilbert, <that the
committee had adopted the rule of allowing any
gentleman who might be implicated to make such
statements as he might desire to make, either
under oath or without oath, at his option, but
that the committee would not regard him as a
witness. Mr. Gilbert replied, that for Ms own
vindication he should prefer to make his statement
■under oath. * jlfe--
On the 4th of February, Mr. GilcrCTt submitted
his statement, with which doubtless gentlemen
of the House are already familiar, giving his ver-
sion of the transaction which had -occurred be-
tween him and Mr. Triplett and Mr. Sweeney.
On the Cth of February Mr. Gilbert appeared
and presented the following additional statement:
" That portion of Mr. Sweeney's testimony in which lie
says, that ' he and I had a good deal of conference with
eaeb other,' is without foundation or truth.
"Soon alter the organization of the piesent House of
Representatives, to wit: the forepart of Fcbruaiy, I left tins
city and returned home to Jetferson county, New York;
that white at home I was informed that Sweeney was a
communicative and mischief makingman, and that 1 would
find him so ; that after this [ had no confidence whatever
111 him, and that my reservedness in his presence was
noticed and spoken of by more than one who boarded at
the same house with me, and were occasional I j  in my
room. I can prove that I was not in the habit ot talking
witti him freely, and cautioned others not to do so.
"If the leatimonyof Mr. Sweeney is regarded as of suffi-
cient impoitanee to justify fuithcr proceedings, so far as I
am concerned, then I require asubpenaaud time to procure
witnesses to contradict and impeach him; butifnot, I will
ask for no delay on my account."
The House will see that the gentleman had the
management of his own case; that the committee
denied him no request; that he did not desire the
reexamination of the parties before him; that he
did not offer to adduce any evidence controvert-
ing any material fact; that he said expressly he
desired nothing but an examination as to the cred-
ibility of Sweeney, and that only on the suppo-
sition that the committee should regard his evi-
dence of sufficient importance to justify further
proceedings. So he did not then doubt that the
evidence, if sufficient, was to lead to further pro-
ceedings. The committee, of course,.could not
express an opinion oil this witness's evidence,
because there was other evidence before them
going to prove the same fact. The committee,
therefore, told Mr. Gilbert that it would be im-
proper for them to intimate any opinion as to
what their decision in his case might be, and:
that he must judge for himself " the nature,
extent, and scope of his defense." • Afier that he
asked liberty to send for witnesses, and the com-
mittee were delayed from ten to twelve days.
waiting their arrival. They sent to almost the
extreme border of the State of New York for wit-.-,
nesses for him. The committee acceded to.that
request, because it was the gentleman's tight to
impeach Sweeney's character if it were bad;, be—
cause it was all he asked; because they wished to
be informed as to the strength of the testimony
upon which they were ordered to report what
proceedings that evidence required on the part of
the House; and they encountered the risks,of the •
witnesses not getting here, and all the-imputations
which would have been cast upon them all over
the country, of having combined with gentlemen
here to conceal the results of the investigation,
rather than subject the honorable gentleman .to
jfee effect of a report of a evidence without hift
testimony impeaching its credibility. They ran
more risks than the honorable gentleman himself
ran when thoy gave him that time; for I say thpt
the members of that committee, whatever vtheir
character, and whatever their position, could not
have stood up in the face of their fellow-citizens
after having allowed this in vestigation-to fail by
any neglect, by any carelessness, ,by any indul-
gence on their part. No reason would have been
accepted as adequate; their failure to complete
the investigation and publish it would have been
their own condemnation without appeal or re-
versal. Sir, they have been liberal as well as just.
Well, the witnesses came; some on one side,
and some on the other—more on the honorable
gentleman's side than on behalf of the witness
Sweeney. Witnesses were summoned in this
city. The examination occupies pages; the House
will judge of that evidence. I desire to say that,
to the extent of the gentleman's request, accord-
ing to the measure of his legal right, all the wit-
nesses he desired have been summoned and<ex-
amined; and, with the full knowledge of all - the
facts, the gentleman has declined to have the wit-
nesses who testified against him confronted with,
him. And if gentlemen say now, that that is a
denial of justice, I submit that the gentleman de-
nied himself justice. And if it be said that he
has been deprived of the benefits of cross-exam-
ining the witnesses, I may be allowed to suggest
that he has escaped the danger of a cross-exam-
ination; that, considered as a question of pru-
dence, there are as many reasons why a guilty
man should shrink from facing his guilty partner
as there are for an innoccnt man to court it; be-
cause the inevitable consequences of the examin-
ation in person of an accomplice, operating upon
the minds of witnesses, would, by the law of
association, have been to bring up with distinct-
ness facts floating vaguely in the memory, details
which the presence of the party to the transaction
would causc to flash like lightning upon the wit-
ness's mind, which otherwise would have been
ablank. He has now the benefit of the witness's
wan?of memory. He might have refreshed that
memory by his presence. The refusal to con-
front the witnesses may have been, therefore, as
much in favor of the gentleman implicated as it
may have been against him. It was his right to
judge of that; and we had no right to control his
defense.
Then, sir, as the evidence has been given in
that form, and he has refused to confront the wit-
nesses, on what ground can the gentleman or his
friends now move to have this witness here re-
called ? Is it that in a parliamentary proceeding
of this kind this House cannot- proceed except
upon the evidence of witnesses taken at the bar
of the House ? If so, let the gentleman, let the
oldest parliamentarian in the House, point to the
case in which it has been declared necessary; or
even show that any member has ever been pro-
ceeded against in this House on a charge crim-
inally touching him in that way. Sir, when they
insist on legal rules of trial, they urge an argu-
ment which they will not follow to its legitimate
conclusions. If we are to try this case as in a
criminal court, then the presence of the parties and
of the witnesses at the cross-examination before
the committee does not make their testimony fit
