1857.
TtfE OONGRMIONAL «-LO BE.
mt.
asked him (Simonton) to arrange with the parties
to pay them in the. event of the passage of the
law; and refusing, after this statement, to give
the names of the members to whom he referred.
On his refusal to give the names of those mem-
bers, this House, almost without a division, after
hearing Simonton at the bar of the House, com-
mitted him to custody—because, forsooth, he had
refused to answer irrelevant questions touching
particular individuals as to whom, according to
tile argument now set up, the committee were not
entitled to inquire! If the House sees fit to stul-
tify itself, the committer must stand exonerated
for following.thit construction. I say there was
no misconstruction of the powers by the com;
jnitlee; but believing that the only way to get at
any facts of corruption was to ascertain the cor-
rupt person, that crimes can only be committed
by individuals, and that the fact of combination
with others is only multiplying the crime by the
number of individuals—believing that the only
way to bring home crime to any man is to fasten
it upon some individual and proceed against him,
the committee supposed that all we could do was
to inquire into the acts of these individual mem-
bers.
The case now before the House happens to be,'
however, as appears from the evidence, a case of
actual combination between the honorable gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Gilbert,] and the
honorable gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Wei.ch,] for the purpose of procuring the passage
of a resolution mentioned in the testimony. So
that, sir, 011 every ground 011 which this House or
any individual member of it may see fit to impeach
the proceedings of the committee, they me not
only within the construction which a majority of
the House placed upon the resolution, but they
are witlnn the construction placed upon the reso-
lution by the very gentlemen who now impeach
their authority. The evidence is of a joint com-
bination—of an arrangement between these two
parties. But a mere conspiracy is not the thing
for which 111 '■ y are proceeded against. The thing
for which they are proceeded against is for cor-
ruptly bargaining to take money for that which
they can only legitimately do according to the
free convictions of their judgment.
Now, sir, so far as the question of a combina-
tion upon the part of these two members is con-
cerned, it is admitted that we had jurisdiction
over it. Weli, then, what further remains?
If wc had 110 right to go into an investigation
of an individual case, in the opinion of the ac-
cused, would he have come "before the committee
and made his defense? Would he have examined
witnesses in regard to the charactcr of Sweeney ?
Sir, the accused did appear before the committee,
and examine witnesses before this committee;
and declared his defense to be closed. Sir, for
one, whatever might have been my course under
• other circumstances, I will not agree, in the face
of the solemn decisions of the House, to vary
from the course they have approved, and the
party has accepted, to pursue the unknown path
indicated in the argument to-day.
Sir, is it anything new that a party should b®
tried upon evidence taken by a committee charged
by the House with the investigation of the sub-
ject? The question of jurisdiction to take evi-
dence touching the individual has already been
decidod more than once by this House. Wily
was this report received by the House? Was it
sub siUnlio ? Was it without objection ? Did not
the Speaker state that it was received, so far as
it went to state facts reIative„to the charge against
the party implicated, but leave it a matter of doubt
as to whether we had the right to report resolu-
tions founded upon those facts? Was there not
a motion made that all the reports be received at
once and printed-with the evidence? And was
not the vote of the House unanimous upon that
motion, with thcexccption of five members? And
"was not that a vote as to whether the report was
or was not within the jurisdiction of the com-
mittee? Did the House order this evidence and
the reports relative to the character of individual
members to be received and printed, when the
committee had 110 right to take such evidence?
Was not that the point which this House, with
the exception of five members, unanimously de-
cided? And was not that the second time that
this House has deliberately decided that the taking
of such testimonywas within the competency of
the committee? X may dispense with further,
argument upon that point.
Well, sir, is it anything new for a parliament-
ary proceeding to expel'a member to proceed to
written evidence which the courts would reject.
Is there any question of parliamentary law that
hasbeen more definitely settled by the unanimous
decision of our" American parliamentary assem-•
blages than that the restrictions of municipal law
do not apply in this proceeding? What law is
over this body? Does the Constitution require
that they shall assign any reason for their con-
duct? Does the Constitution require that they
shall pursue any formalities ? Is there any limit
over the mere will of the House, except the limit
of requiring a two-thirds vote for expulsion? The
precise question as to whether a parliamentary
body was to be confined to the rules of a legal
tribunal was distinctly decided in the case of John
Smith, in 1807, before the Senate of the United
States, after the most elaborate consideration.
The proceedings before the Senate ejrewoutof
the printed evidence relative to Burr's trial, and
especially rested on the deposition of one Glover,
communicated by Mi'. Jefferson on the call of the
Senate. It was referred to a committee .at the
head of which was John Q,uincy Adams, whose
report is an eloquent vindication of the purity of
parliamentary assemblies, and a profound expo-
sition of the principles which regulate the exercise
of their summary and discretionary power of self-
purification.
That report rested on the deposition of Glover,
the indictments found at Richmond, the printed
evidence communicated by Mr. Jefferson, the
testimony of two or three witnesses examined by
the committee, and a vast mass of ex parte depo-
sitions chiefly taken 011 behalf of Smith, the Sen-
ator proceeded against. He set up every pretense
now urged, and every one was voted down, lie
asked for charges and specifications, and they
were refused. He askrd for the summoning of
witnesses as of right, and it was refused. He
objected to ex parte evidence, and it was admitted.
He asked to have Glover examined at the bar of
the Senate, and it was not granted. Ho objected*
to any evidence not given before the Senate, and
it was disregarded.
The Senate allowed him counsel; gave him time
to fake depositions; required notice to Glover, the
witness to be impeached; but they tried him 011 the
report and resolutions reported, on the evidence
submitted in chief with the report, on the exam-
ination of three or four witnesses before the Sen-
ate, Glover not being one of them, and on a vast
mass of ex parte depositions, taken pflKly for the
charge, but chiefly by Smith.
For these proceedings Mr. Adams was the ablest
and the warmest advocate throughout.; and the
principles of his report contain the whole law of
the case. Its words of wisdom are now needed,
and to them I refer those who impcach the com-
mittee.
In that report, John Gluincy Adams scouts the
idea, that in a great investigation in which they
wore to judge of the purity of the body, upon
which might depend the existence of the Repub-
lic, they should be tied down to the rules and
technicalities of municipal law. The only rule
required by the Constitution ill such a trial was,
that a two-thirds rote should be necessary for the
expulsion of the member. Hecould have no other
trial. By the deposition of Glover, he was guilty
of a conspiracy and unworthy the dignity of a seat
Among Senators. Step by step, and motion by
motion, did that investigation proceed, granting
delay to afford the accused an opportunity to im-
peach the character of the witness—exactly as was
done 111 this case in reference to impeaching the
character of Sweeney—but using the evidence ori-
ginally taken. And that Senator escaped expulsion
only by the lack of a single vote to make two thuds.
There were nineteen forexpulsionon that ex parte
evidence and ten against it; and here—as there.—we
proceed,-freed from every rule except that great
principle, salus populi suprema lex. To thatgreat
report I invoke the attention of the country as
the best vindication of the rule of proceeding m
this case. If the committee is to be impeached, I
invite the solemn construction of almost two thirds
of the Senate, led on by John Gluincy Adams. I
ask gentlemen to point to a greater authority 011
parliamentary law. I ask therti to mention an-
other name in American, history better entitled,
whether by desoettt or-by 'personal -ptiaraoter, to;
be regarded as the guardian .ofthe rights pf
ican citizens; and til! they can.do.that I ^halljie,
content when they east a slur on the committee—r
1 will not say an imputation ofjreaehery—whpfij
they cast an imputation ".that this cowmittee ,h&$"
dealt carelessly with the reputation of one man'bo-
fore them, I'hold uf> that immortal name between
me and the shaft which is hurted at the committee..
They may controvert his parliamentary I^IiT
they can do so. I am content to rest where, thai
law places me, in the line of every precedent, in
the Brooks case, the Blount cftse, in' the,'Smith
case, and on -every expression of opinion in the
Congress of the United States, on the question as
to whether we are bound to have the witnesses
here present, atid whether^their testimony cannot
be taking in writing, and whether it is any reason,
that the party has refused to examine them.else-,
where, why he should consume the time of the
House here at the heel of the session, with a re-
examination of witnesses which he had the po wer
to examine before the committee, charged.by the
express order of the House as construed by the
House itself, to take and report that, evidence.as
the foundation for the proceeding of the House.
Oil the evidence I shall make  o comment. All
the gentlemen here are as able to appreciate jt;as
1 am. The member implicated is e0'titte4,t0 their
best judgments. What the committee, think of it
they" have said in their report, and these I leave
it.
I am chiefly anxious that' the House should
not be misled by analogies drawn fro ill other-
trials. I desire to preserve themfrom a precedent
more dangerous than any particular result in this
case.
And aftev that, I am of all things mostanxious
for the vindication of the character of the House
in the opinion of the country. The belief of per-
' vcuhng coirupUon at the source of la\v has sunk
deep into the minds of the people. They begin,
to speak lightly, and to think lightly, of a body
which is powerless when it is not respected,.and
whose feebleness is the weakness.of,tfie whole
Government—for the House is the very seat .and
center of the power of the people, jthc very pulse
where fever or health is marked, and b.y which
men judge the condition of the body politic.
This investigation byaparliamentary majority
of parliamentary corruption among its own mem-
bers, is withouta precedent in England, or Prance,
or the Uniicd States. If such have been begun,
they have brought forth no fruit. It was reserved
for this House earnestly to investigate, resolutely
to scrutinize, and manfully to publish the result
to the world. «
To stop short here, when the evidence points
to the guilty parties, is to give immunity to guilt,
and to perpetuate corruption. It is to make this
Mouse tiie accessaries after the fact, to the crime
they do not punish.
I invoice the House either to acquit or to con-
demn now on this evidence, which exhausts every.-
thing relative to the cnmc imputed.
It is fortunate that the parties implicated "belong
to the majority; for to punish them will be seen
to bo a sorrowful act of high justice speaking
from the lips of their party friends. Were they
of the minority the suspicion of partiality mighj;
not be excluded. Now, it will be justiceand nop
revenge. Let that great majority, which here
now represents the opinion of the people against
the Government, show itself worthy of itjs. great
position. Let them remember the great Kansas
investigation, and sustain this with equal vigor.
Then, the House fearlessly probed and exposed
the conduct of the Executive Government in that
distractodTerritory. Let that majority new show
that it can with equal dignity turn' its eye -within,
and purge the corruption which its own power
has attracted to its bosom. .
Report of Mr. Jldttms in the case of John Smith, a Senator
from Ohio.
Yonr committee arc of opinion, ili-it the conspiracy of
Anion Bui I and his associates against the peace, union, aod
liberties of these States, rsofsucli a diameter, and that its
existence i& eMabhshcd by i-ach a mass oi concurring and
mutually corroborative testimony, that it is incompatible
not only with the honor and privileges of tins Uou.e, bat
with ttie deejiest interests of this nation, that any person
en a ed in it should be permitted to bold a seat 111 the Sen-
ate of the United States. ,
Whetberthe facts, of which the committee submit here-
with such evidence as, under tlie order of the Senate, they
hav  Ueen sWe collect, are sufficient to substantiate tba
