906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 25,
participation of Mr. Smith in that conspiracy, or not, will
remain for the Senate to decide.
The committee submit also to the consideration of the
Senate, the correspondence between Mr. Smith and them,
through their chairman, in the course of their meetings.
The committee have never conceived themselves invested
with autliouty to try Mr. Smith. Their charge was to report
an opinion relating to the honor and privileges of the Sen-
ate, and the facts relating to the conduct of Mr. Smith.
Their opinion, indeed, cannot be expressed in relation to
the privilege of the Senate, without relating, at the same
' time, to Mr. Smith's right of holding a seat in this body ;
but, m that respect, the authority of the committee extends
only to proposal, and not to decision. But as he manifested
a great solicitude to be heard before them, they obtained per-
mission from the Senate to admit his attendance, commu-
nicated to him the evidence in their possession, by which
he was inculpated, furnished him, in writing, with the ques-
tions arising from it, which appeared to them material, and
received from him the information and explanations here-
with submitted as part of the facts reported. But Mr. Smith
has claimed, as a right, to be. heard in his defense by coun-
sel, to have compulsory process for witnesses, and to be con-
fronted with his accusers, as if the committee had been a
circuit court of the United States. But it is before the
Senate itself that your committee conceived it just and
proper that Mr. Smith's defense of himself should be heard.
Nor have they conceived themselves bound in this inquiry
by any other rules than those of natural justice and equity,
due to a brother Senator on the one part, and to their eountiy
on the other.
Mr. Smith represents himself, on this inquiry, as solitary,
friendless, and unskilled, contending for rights which he
intimates are denied him, and the defender of senatorial
privileges which he seems apprehensive will be refused him
by Senators, liable, so long as they hold their offices, to have
his case made theirown. The committee are not unawaie
that, in the vicissitudes ot human events, no member ol
this body can be sure that his conduct will never be made
a subject of inquiry and decision before the assembly to
which he belongs. They are aware that, m the couise of
proceeding winch the Senate may now sanction, its mem-
bers are marking out a precedent which may hereafter apply
to themselves. They arc sensible that the principles upon
which they have acted ought to have the same operation
upon theirown claim" to privilege as upon those of Mr.
Smith—the same relation to the rights of their constituents,
which they have to those of the Legislature which he rep-
resents. They have deemed it their duly to advance in the
progress of their inquiry with pccuhar care and deliberation.
They have dealt out to Mr. Smith that measure, which,
under the supposition of similar circumstances, they would
jhe content to find imparted to themselves; and they have
no hesitation in declaring that, under such imputations,
colored by such evidence, they should hold it a sacred ob-
ligation tojiiemselves, to their telknv Senators, and to their
country, to meet them by direct, unconditional acknowl-
edgment or denial, without seeking a refuge fiom the bioad
face of day in the labyrinth of technical forms.
In examining the question whether these forms of judi-
cial proceedings, or the mles of judicial evidence, ought to
be applied to the exercise of that censorial authority which
the rfenate of the United Slates possesses over the conduct
of its members, let us assume, as the test of their applica-
tion, either the dictates of unlettered reason, the letter and
spnitofthe Constitution, or piocedents, domestic or foreign,
and your committee b( lievcthut the result will be the same
—that the power of expelling a member must, in its^iature,
be discretionary, and in its exercise alwa>s more sunmiaiy
than the tardy process of judicial tubmmls.
The power of expelling a member for misconduct results,
on the principles of common sense, Irom the interest of the
nation, that the high trust of legislation should be invested
in pure hand?.. When the trust i; elective, it i.s not to he
presumed that the constituent body will commit the deposit
to the keeping of worthless characters. But when a man,
whom his lellow-cilizeus have honored with their conh-
dence, on the pledge of a spotless reputation, haw degraded
himself by the commission of infamous crimes, winch be-
come suddenly and unexpectedly revealed to the wotld,
defective indeed would be that institution which should be
impotent to discard from it* bosom the contagion of such a
member—-which should have no remedy of amputation to
apply until the poison had readied the heai t.
fhe question upon the nial of a criminal cause, before
the courts of common law, is not between guilt and mno-
conce, but between guilt and the possibility of innocence.
If a doubt can possibly be raised, either by the ingenuity of
the party or of his counsel, or by the operation of general
nilesmtheirun foreseen application to particular cases, that
doubt must be decisive foi acquittal, and the verdiet of not
guilty, perhaps, in nine cases out of ten, means no more
than that the guilt of the party has not been demonstrated
in rbc precise,specific, andnarrow form* prescribed by law.
The humane spirit of the laws multiplies the barriei3 for
the protection of innocence, and freelv admits that these
toariiers may be abused for the shelter of guilt. It avows a
strong partiality favorable to the person upon tual, and ac-
knowledges the preference that ten guilty should escape
rather lhan that one innocent should suffer. The interest
of the public that a paitieular crune should be punished, is
but as one to ten, compared with the interest of the party,
that innocence should be spared. Acquittal only restores
the party to the common rights of everv other citizen ; it
restores hun to uo public trust; itmvestsbim with no public
confidence: it substitutes the sentence of mercy for the
doom of justice ; and to the eyes of impartial reason, in the
great majority of cases, must be considered rather as a
pardon than a justification.
But when a member of a legislative body lies under the
imputation of aggravated offenses, and the deteimination
upon his cause can operate only to remove him from a
station of extensive powers, and important trust, this dis-
proportion between the interest of the public and the
interest of the individual disappears; if any disproportion,
exists, it is of an opposite kind. 11 is not better that ten
traitors should be members of this Senate than that one
innocent man should suffer expulsion. Jn either ease, no
<ioubt> the evil would be great-. But-, in the former, it would
strike at the vitals of the nation; m the latter it might, j
though deeply to be lamented, only be the calamity ot an ;
individual. |
By the letter of the Constitution, the power of exposing
a member is given to each of the two Houses of Congress, i
without any limitation other than that winch requnes a :
concurrence of two thirds of the votes to give it offcct. ;
The spirit of the Constitution is, perhaps, m no respect
more remarkable than in the solicitude which it has man-
ifested to secure the purity of the Legislature by that of the 1
elements of its composition. A quaiincation of age is made ;
necessary for the members to insure the matuuty of tneir i
judgment; a qualification of long citizenship, to msuie a '
community of interests and affections between them and 1
their country; a qualification of residence, to provide a ;
sympathy between every member and the poition of the ;
Union from which he is delegated and to guard, as far as ;
regulation can guard, against every bias of personal interest, i
and every hazard of interfering duties, it has made every ,
member of Congress ineligible to office which he coutrsb- ,
uted to create, and every officer of the Union incapable of '
holding a teat in Congress. Yet, in the midst of all this ;
anxious providence ot legislative virtue, it has not author- :
ized the constituent body to recall in any case its lepre- ,
Bcntative. It has not subjected him to removal by impeach- :
ment; artd when the dailing of the people's choice has j
become their deadliest foe, can it enter the imagination of j
a reasonable man that the sanctuary of their legislation
must remain polluted with his presence, until a court of!
common law, with its pace of snail, can ascertain whether '
his crime was committed on the right or on the left bank of ,
a river; whether a puncture of difference can be found j
between the words of the charge and the words of the proof; !
whether the witnesses of his guilt should or should not be !
heard by his jury ; and whether he was punishable, because
present at an overt act, or intangible to public justice,
because he only contrived and prepared it ? Is it conceiv-
able that a traitor to that country which has loaded him
with favor*, guilty to the common understanding of all man-
kind, should he suffered to return unquestioned to that post
of honor and confidence, where, m the zenith of his good
fame, he had been placed by the esteem of Ins countrymen,
and m defiance of their wishes, in mockery of their fears,'
i surrounded by the public indignation, but inaccessible to
j its bolt, pursue the pm poses ol tieason m the heart of the
national councils ? Must the assembled lulers of the land
hsten with calmness ami indifference, session after session,
to the voice of notouoin infamy, until the sluggaidstep of
municipal justice can overtake his enoimities? Must tliev
tamely see the lives and fortunes of million5?, the safety of
present and future ages,depending upon his vote, recorded
with theirs, merely because the abu.-cd beuigmtyof geneial
ma\ims m.ij have lenntled to him the forfeiture of hi-> life ?
Much, in vety supposable ea>e«, would he the unavoid-
able consequences ot a principle whu h should oiler the
erutUies ofjruheiai tuliuiiaN a-- an apology foi crippling the
eongres-aoual power ot evpuKion Far dilloient, m the
opinion Of } om committee, t. the -.pint of our Constitution.
They believe tli.it ihe veiv purpose (or which tin- povv-*r
was given was to preserve the Legislature It oat the fu -t
apptoaches ol inteetioii; that it was made dirciotionaiy
because it could not oxist under the piocrastmation of gen-
eial mles; that its pioeess must be summary, because it
would be tendered nugatoiy by delay.
Passing fiom the constitutional view of the subject to
that which is afforded by the auihoiifv of precedent, your
committee find that,since the establishment of our pre-ent
National Legislatuie, thcte has been hut one example of
expulsion Irom the Senate. In that ease, tne mernbci im-
plicated was called upon, in the fust instance, to answer
whether he #fts the author of a letter, the copy of which
only was produced, and the writing ol which was the cause
ol his expulsion. He was atteiwards ieque«ted to dcclaic
whethei lie was the author of the letter itself, and declining,
in both ca-es, to nn-wei, the fact of Ins having wi'tfen it
was established by a eompaiison of In ? handwriting, and by
the belli fof peiaons who had seen him wiite.upon inspec-
tion of the letter In all these points the committee per-
ceive the adim-sion of a species ol evidence which, in
eoiuts of eiimmal jurisdiction, would be exclu led ; and, in
the resolution of expulsion, fhe Senate declared the person
inculpated zuiUxt of a Jn«h misdemeanor, although no pre-
sentment or indictment had been found against him, and
no prosecution at law was evci commenced upon the case.
This event occurred in July, 1707. About fifteen months
before that tune, upon an application from the Legislature
of Kentucky, requesting an investigation by the Senate of
a charge ag'im^t one of the members of that State, of per-
jury, winch had been made m certain newspaper pubhea-
tions, but for which no piosecution had been commenced,
the Senate did adopt, by a majoi ity of sixteen voter, to eight,
the icport of a committee, purposing that the Senate had
no jurisdiction to try the charge, and that the memonal
of the Kentucky Legislature should be dismissed. There
wore, indeed, very sufficient reasons ot a d.ffcrent kind
assigned m the same report, for not pursuing the investiga-
tion, m that particular ease, any further; and your com-
mittee believe that, in the reasoning of that icport, some
piineiples were assumed and some inferences di awn, which
were altogether unnecessary for the determination of that
case, which weie adopted without a full consideration of
all their consequence6-, and the maccuiacyof winch was
eleaily proved by the depaituie from them*in the instance
which was soon afterwards to take place. It was the first
tune that a que-tion of expulsion had ever been agitated m
Congress since the adoption of the Constitution. ■ And the
subject being thus entirely new, was considered perhaps
too much with refeienee to the particular circumstances of
the moment, and not enough upon the numerous contin-
gencies to which the general question might appiv. Your
committee state tiiw opinion with some confidence", because
of the sixteen Senators who, in March, 179b, voted for the
report dismissing the memoiial of the Kentucky Legisla-
ture, eleven,-on the subsequent occasion, m July, 1797,
voted also for that report, which concluded with a resolu-
tion foi the expulsion of Mi. Blount. The other five weie 1
no longer present in the Senate. Yet, if the principles 1
advanced m the first report had been assumed as the giound !
ol' proceeding at the latter period, the Senate would have j
been as impotent of jurisdiction upon the offense of Mr.
Blount as they bad supposed themselves upon the allega
tion agauist Mr. Marshall.
Those parts of 'he fifth and sixth articles, amendatory to
the Constitution, upon winch the icport in the case of Mr.
Marsnall appears to rely foi taking away the jurisdiction of
the Senate, your committee suppose can only be understood
as referring to prosecutions at law.' To suppose that they
were intended as restrictions upon powers expressly granted
by the Constitution to the Legislature, or either of its
bianehes, would, in a manner, annihilate the power of im-
peachment as well as that of expulsion. It would lead to
the absuid conclusion that the authority given for the pur-
pose of lemovmg iniquity from the seats of power, should
be denied its exercise in precisely those cases which most
loudly call for its energies. It would present the singular
spectacle of a Legislatuie vested with powers of expelling
its members, of impeaching, removing, and disqualifying
public officers, foi trivial transgressions beneath the cogni-
sance of the law, yet forbidden to exert them against cap-
ital or infamous crimes.
Those two articles were, in substance, borrowed from sim-
ilar regulations contained in that justly celebrated statute,
which"for so many ages lias been distinguished by the name
of the Gieat Charter of England. Yet, m that country,
where they arc leeogrnzed as the most solid foundations of
the liberties of the nation, they have never been considered
as interfering with the power of expelling a member, exer-
cised at all tunes by the House of Commons; a power which
there, however, rests only upon parliamentary usage, and
has never been bestowed, as in the Constitution of the
United States, by any act of supreme legislation. From a
number of precedents which have been consulted, it is
found that the exercise of this authority there has always
been discretionary, and its process always far otherwise
than compendious in the prosecutions before the judicial
courts. So far, indeed, have they been from supposing a
conviction at law necessary to precede a vote of expulsion,
that, in one instance, a resolution to demand a prosecution
appears immediately after the adoption of the resolution to
exprd. In numerous cases the member submits to exam
mation, adduces ev.-dcnce in Ins favor, and has evidence
produced against him, with or without formal authentiea
tion ; and the discietion of the House is not even restricted
by tiie necessary concurrence of more than a bare majority
of the votes.
The piovision in our Constitution which forbids the ex-
pulsion of a member by an ordinary majority, and requires
tor this act of rigorous and painful duty the assent of two
thuds, you? committee consider as a wise and sufficient
guard agam-a the possible abuse of this legislative discre-
tion. In tunes of heat and violent party spirit, the lights
of the nmiouly might not always be duly respected, if a
majority could expel their members under no other control
than that ot their own di&cietion. The operation of this
nile is of gteat efficacy, both over the proceedings of the
whole body, and overthu conduct of every individual mem-
bci The times when the iwm violent snuggles of con tend-
ing panic-, occur—when the conflict of opposite passions
is mo -t prone to execsa—are precisely the tim^s wnen the
numbers aie mo-,t equally divided; when the majority
amounts to the proportion of two thuds, the securitj m us
own stiength 1-3 of itself a guard against extiaordinaiy
stretches of power; when the mmonty dwindles to the pro
ponton of one thud, its consciousiiess6fweaknessdi--uade3
from an\ attempts to encioach upon the rights of the ma-
jority, winch might piovoke retaliation. But if expulsion
weie admissible only as a sequel to the Lssne ot a legal
prosecution, oi upon the same principles and forms of tcs
tnnopy which arc established m the criminal courts, vour
committee can see no possible reason why it should be
lendeied still more imbecile by the requisition of two thirds
to give it effect.
It is now the duty of your committee to apply the princi-
ples winch they have heie endeavored to setile and eluci
dat°, to the particular ease upon which the Senate have
directed them to report. The bills of indictment found
against Mr Smith, at the late session of the circuit court of
the United States at Richmond, (copies of which are here-
with submitted,) arc precisely simitar to those found against
Aaion Buri. Fiom the volume of printed evidence com
mumcated by the President of the United States to Con-
gress? iclating to the tual of Aaron Burr, it appears that a
great past of the testimony which was essential to his con-
viction upon the indictment for treason, was withheld from
the jtiiy upon an opinion of the court, that Aaron Burr, not
having been present at the overt act of treason alleged m
the indictment, uo testimony relative to his conduct or dec-
larations elsewhere, and subsequent to the transactions on
Blannerhassei's Island,.could be admitted. And,m conse-
quence ol this suppression of evidence, the traverse jury
found a verdict " that Aaron Burr was not proved to be
guilty, under that indictment, by any evidence submitted to
them." It was also an opinion of the court, that none of
the transactions, of which evidence was given on the trial
of Aaron Burr, did amount to an overt act of levying war,
and, of coupe, that theydid not amount to treason. These
decisions, fowling the basis of the issue upon the trials of
Burr, anticipated the event which must have awaited the
trials of the bills against Mr. Smith, who, from the circum-
stances of his case, must have been entitled to the benefit
of their application ; they were the sole inducements upon
which the counsel for the United States abandoned the
prosecution against him.
Your committee are not disposed now to question the
correctness of these decisions on a case of treason befoie a
court of criminal jurisdiction. But whether the transac-
tions proved against Aaron Burr did or did not amount, m
technical language, to an overt act of levying war, your
committee have not a ecrupleof doubt on their minds that,
but for the vigilance and energy of the Government, and of
faithful citizens under its directions, in arresting their prog-
less and in ciushing his designs, they would, in a very
short lapse ftf time, have terminated not only in a war, but
in a war of the most hornble description—in a war at once
foreign and domestic. As lutle hesitation have >our com-
mittee in saying, that, if the daylight of evidence, combining
one vast complicated intention, with overt acts innumer-
able, be not excluded from the mind by the curtain of arti-
