1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
907
ficial rules, the simplest understanding cannot but see what
tbe subtilest understanding cannot disguise, crimes before
which ordinary treason whitens into virtue; crimes of which
war is the mildest feature. Thedebauchmentof our Army,
the plunder and deviation of our own and foreign terri-
tories, the dissolution of our national Union, and the root
of interminable civil war, were but the means of individual
aggrandizement— tbo steps to projected usurpation. If the
ingenuity of a demon were tasked to weave, into one com-
position, all the great moral and political evils which could
be inflicted upon the people of these States, it could pro-
duce nothing more than a texture of war, dismemberment
and despotism.
Of these designs, a grand jury, composed of characters as
respectable as the nation can boast, have, up«n the solem-
nity of their oaths,-charged John Smith with being an ac-
complice. The reasons upon which the trial of this charge
has not been submitted to the verdict of a jury, have been
shown by your committee, and are proved by the letter
from the Attorney of the United States for the district of
Virginia, herewith reported. And your committee are of
opinion that the dereliction of the prosecution on these
grounds cannot, in the slightest degree, remove the impu-
tation which the accusations of the grand jury have brought
to the door of Mr. Smith.
Your committee will not permit themselves to comment
upon the testimony which they submit herewith to the Sen-
ate ; nor upon the answers which Mr. Smith has given as
sufficient for his justification. Desirous as the committee
have been that this justification might be complete, anx-
iously as they wished for an opportunity of declaring their
belief of his innocence, they can neither control nor dis-
semble the operation of the evidence upon their minds;
and, however painful to their feelings, they find themselves
compelled by a sense of duty, paramount to every other
consideration, to submit to the Senate, for their considera-
tion, the following resolution:
Resolved, That John Smith, a Senator from the State of
Ohio, by his participation in the conspiracy of Aaron Burr
against the peace, union, and liberties of the people of the
United' States, has been guilty of conduct incompatible
with his duty and station as a Senator of the United States
and that he be therefor, and hereby is, expelled from the
Senate of the United States.
The SPEAKER. The time allotted to the
gentleman under the rules has expired.
Mr. DUNN. As this is an important ques-
tion, not only to the public but to the House, I
trust, by general consent, the gentleman may be
permitted to conclude his remarks; and the same
indulgence should be extended, if he desires it, to
the gentleman from New York. [Cries of " No,!"]
Surely on such a question we ought not to cut off
full discussion.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Does the gentle-
man from Maryland ask to conclude his remarks?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not think it
is proper in a case of this kind to deviate in any
degree from the rules of the House.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. My colleague
[Mr. Gilbert] desires to be heard, but says that
he cannot speak to-night. I therefore move that
the House adjourn.
Mr. ORR. Let ug take the vote first on the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
, [Mr. pljrtiance.] * '
Mr. CLINGMAN. Iam desirous that the gen-
tleman from New York shall, if he desires it, be
heard either in person or by counsel on this ques-
tion, but I do not wish to hear counsel on the
motion to recommit. I call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. ORR. What is the first question to be
decided ?
The SPEAKER. It is on the resolution moved
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. ORR. I hope the vote will be taken on
that resolution to-night.
Mr. DUNN. Is it the wish of the gentleman
from New York to be heard to-night or to-mor-
row ?
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. He wishes
to be heard to-morrow.
Mr. DUNN. I think the indulgence should
be extended to the gentleman under the circum-
stances.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 330, nays 46; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Ball, Barbour, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bingham, Bliss, Bowie, Brenton, Buffin-
ton, Burimgarae, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, Carlile,
Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clark, dawson,
Clingman, Williamson R. W. Gftbb, Colfax, Comins, Co-
vode, Cragin, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell, Davidson, Tim-
othy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn,
Durtee, Edie, Edmundson, Edwards, English, Etheridge,
Flagler, Florence, Granger, Greenwood, Robert B. Hall,
Harlan, Harrison, Herbert, Holloway, Thomas R. Ilorton,
Valentine B. Horton,Houston, Howard, Hughston, George
W. Jones, Kelly, Kelsey, Kidwell, King, Knapp, Knowiton,
Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Mace, Alexander
' K. Marshall, McCarty, McMullin, Killian Miller, Milhvard,
Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Orr, Paine, Parker,
Peck, Perry, Petut, Porter, Prmgle, Pifrviance, Puryear,
Qmtmun, Ricaud, Bobbins, Roberts, Sabin, Sage, Sapp,
Scott, Seward, Sherman, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan,
Thormgton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton. Tyson, Underwood,
Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Walker, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburne, EJhhu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Williams, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodworth, Daniel B, Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
coffer—130.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Allison, Hendley S. Ben-
nett, Bishop, Bradshaw, Branch, Broom, Burnett, John P.
Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Cox, Craige,
Crawford, Jacob C. Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Elliott, Faulk-
ner, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Goode, Augustus Hall,
J. Morrison Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Hoffman,
Jewett, Knight, Lumpkin, Samuel S.Marshall, Maxwell,
McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Moore, Packer, Ready,
Ruffin, Savage, Shorter, Stewart, Taylor, Warner, and
Wheeler—46.
So the motion was agreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois, stated that Mr.
Morrison had paired off with Mr. Norton.
Mr. PURYEAk stated that Mr. Oliver, of
New York, had paired off with Mr. Vail.
Mr. WATK1NS stated *hat he had paired off
with Mr. Billinghurst.
Mr. ORR said that, understanding the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Gilbert] desired to
be heard on the motion to recommit, he would
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that, although he de-
sired to go,on with the public business, he would,
on the statement of the gentleman from South
Carolina, vote in the affirmative.
The SPEAKER, before announcing the result
of the vote, stated that an error was made in the
Journal in the vote on the motion to adjourn the
session of yesterday. The name of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Hall] was not
recorded, although he voted in the negative. If
there was no objection, the correction would be
made.
There was no objection; and the correction was
ordered.
And then (at twenty-five minutes after six
o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 26, 1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. StephenP. Hill.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Hon. Charles Sumner appeared in his seat
to-day.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of War, commu-
nicating, in compliance with a resol^on of the
Senate, the reports of the officers charged with the
purchase and importation of camcls for the mili-
tary service of the United States, with informa-
tion from other sources as to the characteristics
and habits of the animal; which was, on motion
of Mr. Weller, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Interior, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, a state-
ment showing the number of widows now draw-
ing pensions under the second scction of the act of
February 3, 1853, and the amount required to pay
those pensions from March 4,1848, to the time of
the passage of that act; which was, on motion of
Mr. Foster, referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions, and ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Commissioner of Patents, communicated in obe-
dience to law, showing the amount and kinds of
seeds purchased for distribution, and the cost of
the same; which was, on motion of Mr. Seward,
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWN presented additional papers in
relation to the claim of Leonora Moiton, widow
of Auguste Douce; which were referred to the
Court of Claims.
SENATOR FROM INDIANA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have been requested to
present to the Senate a memorial of twenty-seven
of the Senators, and thirty-six of the duly elected
and qualified Representatives of the General As-
sembly of the State of Indiana, stating to the
Senate of the United St&tes that it is important
to their rights, and also to those of the people of
the State of Indiana, that there should be a speedy-
decision in the case of Mr. Fitch, who claims to
have been elected to a seat in this body. Among
other reasons for asking for speedy action, they
state that the present General Assembly of that
State will expire by constitutional limitation on
the 9th day of March,next, and they ask that this
contested seat may he decided during the present
session of Congress, and before the expiration of
the session of the General Assembly of Indiana.
This request of the petitioners seems to me so rea- .
sonable that I trust it will receive the favorable
action of the Judiciary Committee, and that we
shall have a report on the case. I move to refer
the petition to the Committee on-the Judiciary.
It was so referred.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am enabled by a short report
to reply to that inquiry. I beff leave to present
this short report, accompanied by a resolution
from the Judiciary Committee:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred
the protest against the election of the Hon. Graham; N«
Fitch, beg leave to report that the committee have'bad the
same under consideration, and find that important matters
of fact alleged by the protestants, in connection with the
manner in which the election of the sitting member was
had, are denied by him, and that it becomes necessary, in
the opinion of the committee, to take the testimony of per-
sons residing in the State of Indiana, for the better ascer-
tainment of these disputed facts. For instance, it is, among
other tilings, alleged by a portion of the protestants, that
" there was no joint convention of the two Houses of said
Geneial Assembly on said day" on which the election in
dispute took pJace^ and that a minority only of the legally
sitting Senators ot Indiana participated in said election;
which statements are denied by the sitting member; andhe^
affirms, on the contrary, that'' he was elected to said office'
by a majority of all the members composing the Legislature
of the State, they being there for that purpose, and assem-
bled in joint convention and that he was elected whilst
m huch joint convention by a majority of the legal Jy-quali
lied moinbeis of the Senate of the State, and ofthe legally
qualified members of the House of Representatives, respect-
ively. For the proper ascertainment of these contested
fact-*, and the better elucidation of the matters in dispute
contained ui the several protests herewith submitted, and
the reply of the Hon. Graham N. Fitch, your committee
recommend that leave be given to take testimony in the
city of Indianapolis, and State of Indiana, and recommend
the adoption ofthe following resolution :
Resolved, That in the case of the contested election of the
Hon. Graham N. Fitch,a Senator returned and admitted
to his seat irom the State of Indiana, the sitting member
and all persons protesting against his election, be permitted
to take testimony on the allegations of the protestants arid
the sitting member, touching all matters of fact therein con
tamed, befbro atiy judge of,the district^couit of the United
States, or any judge of the supreme or circuit courts of the
State of Indiana, by first giving ten days'notice of the time
and place of such proceeding m some public gazette
printed at Indianapolis.
The mostimportantfactsupon which this elec-
tion will turn are at issue. I have in my hand the
reply of the sitting member to the protestants, in
which these important facts are in dispute. One
is, whether three persons who actec!"as Senators
of Indiana were legally admitted to their seats?
It is a matter m debate, and„can only be deternu
ined by ascertaining the manner in which this
proceeding was conducted in the Legislature of
Indiana. The committee are unable to report to
the Senate the facts on which the case turns with-
out this testimony. I have looked into the pre-
cedents from the beginning of the Government.
They have been somewhat variant as to the mode
of taking testimony in such cases; butithas been,
at the order of either House of Congress, as they
think best—sometimes by a commission, some-
times by committees, sending for persons and
papers—sometimes by bringing witnesses before
the two Houses—and at other times bringing wit-
nesses before the judicial magistrates of the Union-
and the States. Supposing this can be done with
less expense and more conveniently, the commit-
tee have recommended this mode of taking the
testimony. I hope the resolution will be adopted.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before any action is had
I desire to say 
Mr. STUART. If that resolution is to be dis-
cussed,! object to its consideration now, because
I wish to make some reports.
The PRESID ENT pro tempore. The resolution
will lie over, being objected to.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is it not a privileged ques-
tion ? It relates to the right of a member to a seat.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore♦ It is not ex-*
actly a privileged question. It may be taken up on
a vote of the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. The point is, does it he
over under the ruW? Resolutions which lie over
under the general rule are those which relate to
the general business of the Senate—not to privi- ,
leged questions.
