906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Questions af-
fecting the seat of a Senator, and his election, the
Chair would understand as questions of privi-
lege.
Mr. COLLAMER. This resolution,! think,
•cannot lie over on an objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempos. This is only
incidentally connected with it. The Chair will
put tho question to the Senate at the request of
any member, whether the resolution can be con-
sidered.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not think resolutions
Of tiiis sort can he treated as questions of privi-
lege. Everything connected with questions of
privilege is not privileged as to priority. I hope,
the resolution will go over until to-morrow, if
there is to be any debate on it, and let us go on
with the business of the day.
Mr. COLLAMER. My objection is not to
the resolution going over, but I say it is a privi-
leged question. It seems to me that everything
necessarily incident to a privileged question is
itself privileged.
Mr. BRIGHT. Whether this be a privileged
question or riot, dependssomcwhat on the sitting
member. He may make it aprivileged question;
but I apprehend every Senator cannot. Under
the rules of the Senate, however, the resolution
lies over, if any one Senator objects.
The PRESIDENT p)o tempore. The resolu-
tion will lie over, under the rule, if any one Sen-
ator objects, unless it be a question of privilege
which Is not within the rule. The Chair is of
opinion that it is not such a question of privily.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 move that the resolution,
together with the report and,accompanying pa-
pers, be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, it was
Ordard, That U'Mihou U. Giant have leave to vviihdravv
hij petition and papej •>.
HARBOR OF DUBUQUE.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution for consideration:
Rctalvtd, Th;>? tho Secietarv of Win tie directs] to com-
municate if) the Senate the imports i (.mm-ally nude bj Lieu-
mauf OokHt'jl ."U''*pUi'M aud ('apiain \V. II. Palmer,
of tb«  United Army, the eontmuation of
the improvement of ihe haibor at Dubuipie, Iowa.
ItKPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Laudato whom was referred the bill {_£!. R. No.
034) to extend tho provisions of tho act entitled
"'An act maddition to certain aets grantingtbounty
land to certain ofticers and soldiers who.h.ive been
engaged in the military service of the United
States," to the oliicersand soldiers of Major Da-
vid Bailey's baUnliou of Cook county, Illinois,
volunteers, reported it without amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Private Lund Claims, to whom was refured the
bill^S. No. 595) for the relief of Daniel "Whitney,
reported it without amendment. He also sub-
mitted a report on the subject; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on the Post
OiRce and Post Roads, to whom was referred a
prtmon of citizens of New York, reported a bill
^8. No. G'J2) to provide for conveying the United
Status mails from New York to Para, on the east
coast of South America, touching at intei mediate
pons; which was read, and passed to a second
refulmg.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was lerencd a memorial of the Chamber of Com-
merce of the city of New York,and the memorial
of James Hail, reported a bdi (S. No. 633) to
provide for conveying the mails of the United
Stales now Panama to Valparaiso, on the west
coast of South Anieiiea, it) connection with the
mail routes ahvedy established, or hereafter to ue
established, to New Oileans, New York, and Cal-
ifornia: winch was read, and passed tb a second
reading,
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom wes referred the petition of
Kuidah Butler, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. iSo. 634) for the relief of Mrs.
Hulduh Butler. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading; and ths report was ordered
to be prmted
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 605) for the re-
lief of Leonard Lilly, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 622) to expedite the construction of
a line or lines of magnetic telegraph from the At-
lantic States to San Francisco, in the State of
California, reported it with amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a motion to print two
thousand additional copies of the report of the
Committee on Military Affairs on the subject of
the military asylums at Harrodsburg, Kentucky,
and in the District of Columbia, reported that the
same be printed; and the report was agreed to. _
Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred tiie bill (S. No. 588)
granting land to the State of Wisconsin, to aid
in constructing a railroad in said State^reported
it without amendment.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 620} granting public
lands in alternate sections to the .State of Alabama,
to a'd in the construction of a certain railroad in
said State, reported it without amendment. He
also submitted a report on the subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Public Lands be di?-
cli.ujred 1'iom the farther consideration of the petition ot the
Homoiw Com-oid, and Mimical lt.ulioad Company, and a
memonal and i evolution* of the Genejal Assembly of Iowa,
m lavor of a giant of land I'm the conjunction of eeituin
nulroadi.
Ou motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Coinmeice Ik' discharged
from the tmllier ooiuuler.ition of the petition ol citi/.en?-'of
Cas'me, Maine, m relation to the light-home at Dices'
Iiead, and a haibor h^hton Nautilus {Monti Point.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ouh'vcrf, Th it tiie ('oinmifloe on Commeiee be dis-
ehui'j.-d it'ini the furiiiei con ideianon oi tuo memorial of
Will, un M. IJih-
Mr. SE WARD, from the Committee on Corn-
mere''. to whom the subject was referred, icported
a bd! (S. No. 63J) to authorize the Pie.Mdont of
the United States to cause to be procured, by pur-
chase or otherwise, a suitable steamer as a rev-
enue cutter to be stationed on the'Panhc coast of
tine United States; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
j lie also, from Hie same committee, to whom
was referred the bill ( S. No. 570) to remove ob-
structions to the navigation of the Maumee bay
and riverjjjjbelow the city of Toledo, m the Slate
of Ohio, reported it without amendment.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
_ Oidsrcd, That the ComunUee on Publie Laud* be dis-
chu.^ed item ihe further eoin-nleiauon ot the memorial of
acti.i< i.- of lvaji^.i-5. pre^ent'*d LYbruaiy 10.
He stated that the committee asked to be dis-
charged, without prejudice, to the prayer of the
petitioners.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
Ou'errd, That the Coimmitee on N« v l Affair be dis-
cliatgcd from the furtiiei consideration of lesoltiuons of the
Lejuslauue ot Georgia, respecting a mual depot at Bruns-
wick, and icaolutsons of ihe Legislature of .South Caioliua
icspeeting Toit Royal harbor in that State.
On motion of Mr. MALLORY, it was
OtdereJ, That the Committee on Naval AfTans be di<s-
ehaiged from the l'mther conMderation of the bill (S, No.
to uuthonze the establisnmem ot a navy-yard at Port
Royal, in South Carolina
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on tho Podt Office and Po^t
Roods be discharged 1toni the tuuliei consideration of tne
memorial of the eorpomteatuhoutic^ of ihecitv of Annap-
olis, rc.ipt'cting <i po^t office building in that ei{>3 and that
H be leierred to the Committee on Commeiee.
,j CREDENTIALS.
i| Mr. PRATT presented tho credentials of the
;! Hon. Anthony Kenxedv, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of Maryland for six years from
■i and after the 4ih of March 31857; which were read,
I• and ordered to be filed.
j BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. DOUGLAS asked, and by unanimous
'[^consent obtnined, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
j! 635) authorizing: the erection of a building at the
city of Cairo, Illinois, for a custom-house, post
i| office, and court-house; which was read twice by
jj its title, and referred to the Committee on Com-
n mere®.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring m a bill (S. No. 636)
authorizing the erection of a court-house at the
city of Boston; wliich was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciarj.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr, Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills; in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 615) making appropriations for
certain civil expenses for the year ending the
30th of June, 1858;
A bill (No. 63 6) making appropriations for the
support of the Army for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1858;
A bill (No. 633) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending the 30th of June,
1858;
A bill (No. 634) making appropriations for for-
tifications and other works of defense, and for
repairs of barracks and quarters for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1858; and
A bill (No. 637) makingappropriatjons for the
transportation of the United States mail by ocean
steamers and 'otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1858.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the bills were
read severally twice by their titles, and referred
to the Committee on Finance.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the en-
rolled bill to expedite telegraphic communication
for the use of the Government in its foreigninter-
course.
TELEGRAPH TO THE PACIFIC.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
biil (S. No. 622) to expedite the construction of
a line or lines of magnetic telegraph from the
Atlantic States to San Francisco in California,
reported it with an amendment; which was agreed
to; and the bill passed, after a debate, which will
be found in the Appendix.
TIIE TARIFF DILL.
The Senate proceeded, rn in Committee of the
"Whole, to consider the bill from the House of
Representatives, reducing the duty on imports
and for other purposes; which was debated until
half pabt four o'clock, when the Senate took a
rcccas until half past six o'clock, p. m.
KVE.VTNG SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past six o'clock,
and lesumed the debate on the tariff bill. Mr.
Hunter's substitute, m a modified form, was
adopted for the bill of the House of Representa-
tives; and (at ten minutes past one o'clock, a.
m.) the Senate adjourned.
[Sec Vppcnuix for details of proceedings on
the tariff bill.]
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
TinrRbDAY, February 26, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting, in compliance
with the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 6th instant, the correspondence in the
case of Francis Dainese; which, on motion of
Mr. Kelly, was referred to the Committee oil
Foieign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Commissioner
of Patents, showing the manner in which the ap-
propriation of $75,WOO for agricultural purposes
has-been expended; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be piinted.
Also, a communication from the Postmaster
General, transmitting abstraet of offers and con-
tracts for carrying the mails; which was laid
upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER stated the question in order
to be the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WASflBURNE, of Illinois, is itiii order
