no
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
the floor on that question to open debate. It was
not out of disrespect to the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, or to any other member of the House.
The appeal is withdrawn.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I propose now,
in order to save time, to offer a substitute for the
bill, which will embrace the amendments that
have been agreed to by the Committee of Ways
and Means. I moved th$ previous question;
but as the gentleman from Kentucky is anxious
to have a test vote on his amendment, I will with-
draw the call for the previous question.
Mr. ENGLISH. I object to any bargaining
of that kind.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the gen-^
tleman from Ohio to make the statement which
he has made. The Chair recognizes no arrange-
ment between members on the floor.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. ENGLISH. I object to the gentleman
from Ohio bargaining away the floor to the gen-
. tleman from Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has not yet stated
the call for the previous question. The gentleman
from Ohio has been assigned the floor.
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Ohio must yield the floor
unconditionally, if he yields it at all.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
moves an amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. 1 asked the pre-
vious question, and now withdraw it for the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Let us vote down
the previous ques'tion.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw the
previous question to hear what the gentleman from
Kentucky has to say.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I have struggled to
obtain the floor for the purpose of moving an
amendment with regard to the Louisville and
Portland canal, that I may be afforded an oppor-
tunity to press (hat on the attention of the House,
and with a vh«w of explaining to the House ex-
actly the condition in which that work stands.
Mr. McMULLIN. I nse to a question of
order. The gentleman from Ohio nwved a sub-
stitute to the original bill, and on that question
moved the previous question. He yielded the
floor for the purpose of hearing a suggestion from
the gentleman lrom Kentucky. Now, my point
of order is this: that the gentleman from Ohio
cannot yield the floor for the purpose of allowing
the gentleman from Kentucky to submit a prop-
osition, and then resume the floor.
The SPEAKER. The statement of the gen-
tleman from Virginia is correct; but the Chair
understands the gentleman from Ohio to have
withdrawn the call for the previous question.
Mr, McMULLIN. For the purpose of hearing
ft suggestion.
^ The SPEAKER. It is withdrawn uncondi-
tionally, and the gentleman from Kentucky has
the absolute right to the floor for one hour.
Mr. McMULLIN. Then my point of order
is, that the gentleman from Ohio is "not entitled
to it if he yield thus unconditionally to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. He is not entitled to the
floor to open debate; but he will be entitled to
the floor to make a motion a second time.
Mr. McMULLIN. I want the attention of the
gentleman from Ohio for a moment.
The SPEAKER, The gentleman from Ohio
has yielded the floor.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I must object to con-
tinuing this debate further, unless the gentleman
from Virginia appeals from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. MCMULLIN. I want the attention of
the gentleman Aorn Ohio to know if he has
yielded the floor unconditionally?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
the gentleman from Ohio has yielded the floor
unconditionally.
Mr. McMULLIN. Well, then, I hope the
genileman-from Ohio will not complain hereafter
if we fail to pass the appropriation bills.
Mr, HOUSTON. It ihe gentleman from Ohio
has yielded the floor, then I hope the bill will be
read by clauses for amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is entitled to the floor.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. If I can command the
attention of Representatives to explain the amend-
ment which I have proposed, I shall be able, with-
in the time I have by the rules, to say all that I
desire to submit to the House on this subject, now
or hereafter.
The State of Kentucky, in 1825, granted a char-
ter to a private company, known as " The Louis-
ville and Portland Canal Company," to construct
a canal navigation around the Falls of the Ohio
river. The capital stock, as fixed by the charter,
was originally $600,000. It was afterwards in-
creased, by act of the Legislature, to $700,000,
and was expanded afterwards to $1,000,00(1—the
last expansion being a stock dividend; that is, di-
vided as a debt of the company among the stock-
holders for interest and dividends—the company
then being without money. In this corporation,
the United States purchased 2,335 shares of stock,
at $100 per share, and obtained 567 shares more
by way of dividend, as just now stated, making
the stock held by the United States 2,902 shares
against 7 ,198 shares held by private individuals.
The first boat passed through the canal in Decem-
ber, 1830. From the commencement to January,
1842, the United States drew, in cash, dividends
upon their 2,1)02shares, the sum of $>257,778,being
an excess of $34,278, in money, above the whole
amountof money subscribed by the United States
to the woik. I want you to mark the fact, then,
that the Government, by subscribing to that work,
is not out of pocket a dollar, and that the Louis-
ville and Portland canal is the only work to which
this Government ever did lend assistance that
ever returned a dollar of its investment. That
work returned, in the first ten years, the entire
investment, and #34,278 more, besides the 567
shares of extra stock, for which the Government
never paid a dollar in money.
The first salient fact, then, is established, that
this Government has not been a loser, but againer, by
its interest in the Louisville and Portland canal; and
has actually h awferred to the vaults of the United
States Treasury, $34,278. in money, from this work,
as profit, after it* whole investment had been re-
turned, and still holds the 2,002 sharef of stock in
the corporation.
This statement is conclusive that the tribute
paid by commerce to this canal was a very heavy
one; and, naturally enough, it produced discontent
among the people of the 'West and South. They
saw th's Government paying millions annually
j out of tiie Treasury for ameliorations to com-
| mcrce on the sea-board, in the way of light-houses,
improvements to harbors, in erecting buoys and
breakwaters, while the same Government was
actually drawing an annual profit from their toil,
through the Louisville and Portland canal. The
western people began to murmur, and petitions
were sent here to demand an appropriation from
the Treasury for the establishment of afree canal,
or some other mode of avoiding this heavy tax on
the commerce of the Ohio river. These petitions
for congressional action alarmed the private stoek-
j holders of the Louisville ond Portland Company,
since it was apparent that the establishment of a
1'iee canal, under the auspices of this Government,
would render their investment not only profitless,
but would amount to the destruction of the capital
invested by them under the charter.
The expansion of the commerce of the Ohio river
so early as 1842 had called for a class of vessels
that could not pass through the Louisville and
| Portland canal. The locks of that canal were con-
! structed only two hundred feet long, that being a
; greater length than any boat then built to navi-
gate the Ohio river I say, experience had proved
that the length of voyage from the upper Ohio to
New Orleans and St. Louis was such, that only
longer and larger vessels than these locks would
pas£ could perform it with profit to holders of
steam stock. Accordingly, larger and longer
steamboats were built; and when below the " falls"
they could pass back to Cincinnati only at stages
i of high water which permits them to ascend the
1 " falls." Thus a break is made by the falls of
the Ohio in navigation, which, at most seasons,
compels the shipper to break bulk at this point,
and to transfer cargo from large vessels which
havigate the lower Ohio and Mississippi, to small
vessels which navigate the upper Ohio; and this
transfer operates as an additional tax upon the com-
merce of the river. The dividends of the carnl com-
pany only exhibit the tax partially. The total tolls
received, from the completion of the work to Jan-
uary, 1843, was $1,120,350 55. Besides this,
there was an additional tax upon every pound of
froight which was transhipped across the portage
from Portland to Louisville,either on the ascend-
ing or descending navigation!
But what was to be the remedy for this mon-
strous grievance? As I remarked before, the
people demanded that Congress should remove
it by making a free canal around the falls. On
the other hand, the directors of the Louisville and
Portland Canal Company , though perfectly aware
that, in its existing condition, their work did not
afford the facilities required by commerce, would
I not double their expenditure of capital to enlarge
j and deepen the canal, and to build locks of greater
! dimensions, menaced as they already were by the
popular demands for relief from all tax upon this
commerce, by the construction of a 'free Govern-
ment canal. 'They had a perpetual charter—their
work paid a net income varying from twelve to
twenty per cent, upon their capital—with a busi-
ness annually increasing. Why did they want
to dispose of such a franchise ? I have already
given the answer, and that is the second point I
desire to establish here, to wit: The apprehension
that the action of this Government might, at any
moment, destroy the value of the stock in the Louis-
ville and Portland Canal Company, by creating a
free canal as its competitor, and the fact that such
a movement was continually pressed upon Congress,
induced the stockholders in that canal to part with
their pioperty, and induced Kentucky to take the
action hi the matter to which I shall presently allude.
I have shown that the people demanded a free
canal, and that commerce demanded an improved
canal, with increased accommodations to navigators.
It was supposed both of these conditions could
be met by the stockholders in the Louisville and
Portland canal giving up their property at a valua-
tion, being compensated therefor, and by a trans-
fer of the work to the United States Government,
(alieady a part owner,) and by the subsequent
improvement of the work by the United States,
either by a direct appropriation of money from
the Treasury for that purpose, or by an applica-
tion of tolls to the improvement of the facilities
of the canal. Application was made to the Le-
gislature of Kentucky to enable the company to
carry out this view. At the session of 1842 they
presented their petition. The language of their
memorial exhibits thus the apprehension under
which they acted:
"In tlie repeated applications to Congress for another
canal, flic hostility exlnbited'to the company from various*
quaiteis, and the apathy with winch propositions to destroy
its nghts aie enteitained in Congress and elsewhere, to-
gether with the general expectation that the thoroughfare
tortlie navtgauon of this important section of the Union
should be fice. Under these circum-'tances, it ha^ been
deemed prudent by many who are largely interested that,
although if fully a&sured ot the safety and stability of alt the
i ights and immunities granted tliein by the chartei, the stock
would br- a good investment at §250 per share, yet fiom the
indications of Government and individual interference, they
would be content to receive a sum mueh below the intrinsic
value of their stock."
In response to this petition the General Assem-
bly of Kentucky passed an act, in February, 1842,
amending the charter of the company, by which
I it was provided that:
| " Whenever the stockholders m said company shall direct,
j the Board of President and Dneetors of said company shall
i have the privilege ot telling the shares of stock owned^y
! individual in said canal to the UnitPd States, or the State
I of Kentucky, or the city of Louisville,/or the pwpo&e of
j mahmtr the canal free of tolls; or further, to effect this ob-
i ject, the Board of President and Directors, when so author-
I  zed as aforesaid, shall hereby have the privilege of opj/ro-
j priating the net income arising from said canal to the pvr-
! chase of said stock, instead of makinq dividends therewith
| At a meeting of the stockholders on the 4th of
I July, 1842, it was resolved by a majority of votes
j to accent and ratify this act. I desire to draw the
i especial attention of the House to the fourth sec-
j tion of the act I have recited, and to an act sup-
i piementary thereto. These exhibit the condi-
I tions under which this Government is now called
on to act. The said section piovides:
" Th^share* so pmchased by the board shall be held in
trust by it for the purpose herein declared, and shall be voted
on by them at aH subsequent meetings and elections, until,
by the operation of the provisions of this act, all the shates
standing in the names of others than the Government of the
United States shall have been purchased up; and when the
said shares shall be all purchased, the same shall be trans-
ferred to the Government of the United States, on condi-
tion of said Government levying tolls, for the use of f-ud.
canal, only sufficient to keep the same in lepairand pay all
necessary superintendence, custody, and expenses, and
