,1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
911
make all necessary improvements, so as fully to answer the.
purposes of its establishment, and further to protect and
guard the interests of commerce. "The superintendent or
agent of said canal shall ever hereafter, on the firstMonday
.of January, annually-report to the General Assembly of
Kentucky the amount of tolls levied and received, and of
' the charges and expenses incurred on the same—the Gen-
eral Assembly reserving the right of directing the amount
annually to be collected, if found too much for the purposes
contemplated by this act."
After the passage this act objections were
urged to the latter part of the foregoing section;
and, to obviate any difficulty between the Gov-
ernment of the United States and that of Ken-
tucky, the following act was passed, to wit:
" That in the event of the United States becoming sole
owner of the Louisville and Portland\anal,the jurisdictron
of this Commonwealth over said canal'shall be yielded up
to the Government of the United States ; and no annual
report, as mentioned in the charter of the Louisville and
Portland Canal Company, shall he required to he made by
the United States, or their agents and superintendents, to
the General Assembly of this Commonwealth.
"Approved February 20, 1844."
I presume, Mr. Speaker, that the objection to
the act first cited came from this Government,
inasmuch as the stockholders had already ac-
cepted the provisions of the amended charter so
early as July, 1842. The act amending the char-
ter required the valuation of stock for sale to be
fixed at the minimum price at which a purchase
could be effected, provided that the maximum
should not rise above $150 per share. The stock
was worth then in the market $162, as well as I
can ascertain. The stock unpurchased in any one
year after the valuation earned six per cent, per
annum interest upon the valuation until it could
be purchased.
I have now detailed to you the arrangement in
full. The United States were .party to this ar-
rangement, as a stockholder and a voter in the
acceptance of the terms. They have stood by
silently until, under this arrangement, the stock
of the Louisville and Portland canal has been
purchased by the President and Directors, and is
held in trust for the United States on the perform-
ance of the conditions' stipulated in the act of the
General Assembly of Kentucky. Only five shares
remain in private hands, and these remain only
to keep alive the corporation until the United
States shfcll have an opportunity to act, in accept-
ing and determining to perform the conditions
^required by the act of the Kentucky Legislature.
• They can be purchased at any moment, with the
means of the company that are on hand.
The third point is established to which I desire
your attention, to wit: the whole stock of that canal
is now held by the United States, or in trust for the
United States, and still your Treasury has not lost
one dollar in making the acquisition. To acquire
, the outstanding seven thousand one hundred and
ninety-eight shares, this Government has not
expended the first cent; but it has all been drawn,
cent by cent, from the hardy toil of the western
.people. They have been patient under the ex-
pectation, that when by this annual process they
had paid the tax, and discharged the private
stockholders, this Government would take charge
of the work, accept the conditions, and gener-
ously step forward and appropriate from the
Treasury a sum sufficient to make that canal
" answer the purposes of its establishment
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise to a question of order.
The point I make upon the gentleman from Ken-
tucky is, that he is asking for an appropriation
not authorized by any existing law of the United
States, and that his amendment is not germane to
the bill, inasmuch as there is nothing about the
Louisville and Portland canal in the bill.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky is not at present debating the bill.
Mr. ENGLISH. I ask, then, wither it is in
order for the gentleman ffom Kentucky, in de-
bating the bill, to discuss a question about the
Louisville and Portland canal, which is not men-
tioned in the bill ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I shall conclude di-
rectly.
Mr. ENGLISH. I insist upon a decision of
my point of order.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
the gentleman from Kentucky is m order.
- Mr. H. MARSHALL. Then I will proceed.
I have stated how this process of liquidating the
stock of the canal has progressed since 1842,
until the whole has been purchased by the pres-
ident and directors, and is held in trust for the
United States., Only five shares remain in private
hands—just enough to maintain a president and
directors—each gentleman holding one share, and
only for the fmrpose of keeping the corporation
alive until this Government can act. Will the
Government of the United States perform the con-
ditions prescribed by the act of the Kentucky
Legislature? That is the question. The time has
arrived for an answer. I have been trying since
last session to obtain an answer. I am flow ap-
plying for an act which will operate as an answer,
and which will at once adopt the work as a Gov-
ernment work.
There is some ambiguity in the language of the
Kentucky statute. It may be rendered to impose
no duty on this Government further than to keep
the tolls on, so as to compass the improvement
contemplated, or it may be rendered, by supply-
ing the word " shall" before the word " make"
in the text, as if left out by ellipsis, so as to make
the improvement of the work "to answer the
purposes of its establishment, and further to pro-
tect and guard the interests of commerce;" a con-
dition absolute on this Government, whether the
tolls should answer that end or not. Tlus last is
the liberal, and I have no doubt the just and true
construction, since it could not have' entered into
the intention of the Legislature to require this
Government to continue the system of tolls when
the expressed aim of the legislation was to make
the canal free of tolls. By the first rendition of the
meaning of the statute, the obligation of the Gov-
ernment is to pay for repairs, custody, superin-
tendence, and all improvements, through the instru-
mentality of tolls. By the other rendition, it is
only to pay for custod^ and superintendence and
annual repairs by tolls, and is accompanied by an
absolute obligation to make the work " answer
the purposes of its establishment," and further
" to protect and guard the interests of commeice."
I respectfully submit that it never was the intent
of the Kentucky Legislature, as it clearly is not
the inteiest of the western people, transacting
commerce on the Ohio river, to compel this Gov-
ernment to impose a burden, by way of tolls, to
guard and protect the interests of commerce,
which in every other part of the Union this Gov-
ernment accepts as one of its own original duties.
But suppose the more limited construction of
the statute to be the true construction. Will you
then apply the tolls drawn from the sweat and
labor of the West and South, in order to make
that canal " answer the purposes of its establish-
ment Give us an answer in some form or
another. Let the people of the valley of the Ohio
understand whether the General Government
means to appropriate millions to improve and
light and fortify and make harbors in other places
—deepen the mouth of the Mississippi—make a
passage between the kikes—dig a canal to avoid
obstructions between lakes, and yet will not ap-
propriate a dollar to improve a canal around the
falls of the Ohio, after the commerce of that river
has paid a million of dollars m purchasing the
property now offered to your acceptance—no,
not even tolls extracted from the people at the
canal. Mr. Speaker, if the Government of the
United States intends to accept the Louisville and
Portland canal upon the conditions proposed by
Kentucky, I want this appropriation to be made
and to be put here, in this general appropriation bill.
I ask it in the name of western commerce. I do
not come, in any sense, as a petitioner for bounty:
I demand it as the right of a people you have neg-
lected. At any rate, f want an answer from this
Government. If your answer is to be in the neg-
ative, at least make the answer definite, so that here-
after there may be no dispute about the fact of
its having been so rendered by this Government.
If your answer shall be in the negative, Kentucky
must act in the case; and if I have any influence
it shall be exerted at home to induce the General
Assembly at its next session, to take action upon
the subject in such manner as shall best comport
with Kentucky's own interests. Thus far Ken-
tucky has acted liberally and justly. To advance
the interests of commerce she granted the charter
to a company to embark in the enterprise, at the
time deemed quixotic. She has amended that
charter from time to time to suit the wishes of the
company. She has even consented to surrender
exclusive jurisdiction to this Government over her
soil to the extent of this canal, if this Government
would bind itself, by some process, to make " the
canal answer the.purposes *>f its establishment,"
and " to protect and guard the interests .of. com-
merce." . - .
Now, Mr Speaker, I must talk plainly. T&at
act of the Kentucky Legislature means that the
canal to be made free ultimately is to he-the
Louisville and Portland canal; the canaLto be
adopted by this Government, and made to an-
swer the wants of commerce, is the Louisville
and Portland canal—not a canal on the Ir^iana
side of the river. If gentlemen on this floor meaji
to go forward with the construction of a new-
canal on the free-State side of the Ohio, rather than
to accept gratis the Louisville and Portland canal,
though it is the shortest by far that can be con-
structed to avoid the obstructions at the Falls of
the Ohio, letthem mature their projects and spend
the money of Government as they please. Let
them avow their purpose, though; and then the
State of Kentucky will feel no hesitancy in in-
itiating a policy which will be necessary to save
her own commercial emporium from the effect of
that policy which gentlemen propose to pursue.
If the energies of this Government and its means
are to be prostituted to an attempt to carry tKe
path of commerce miles away from the track
which nature pointed out for it, and to place the
Ohio river between Louisville and such artificial
construction, Kentucky will energetically put
forward her own effort, and will assume, as
speedily as may be, the control of the Louisville
and Portland canal, and impose su£h taxes upon
a passage through it as wil^ enable ner to enlarge
it, and " make it answer the purposes of its es-
tablishment." To this course she will be forced
by the policy to which I have referred.
Gentlemen say this Government has entered
into no contract, incurred no obligation, to en-
large and improve the Louisville and Portland
canal; that that is only the action of the Kentucky
Legislature. Sir, for,fourteen years this Govern-
ment has stood silently observing the absorption
of stock for its benefit, which stock this.Govern-
ment and its officers knew full well was only
parted with by the holders because of the attitude
this Government was constantly pressed to as-
sume; and it seems to me to be rather late now
to avow a want of knowledge of the transaction.
I admit that I am not able to point to any direct
act of the Government which precludes the denial,
but I can point to a cognizance that would render
the denial obnoxious to severe criticism. Indeed,
Mr. Speaker, I think the process of liquidation
that has been steadily pursued since 184Q, by the
president and directors of the company; the silent
acquiescence of this Government; the failure to
ask for any explanation of the cessation to pay
the dividends on Government stock; yet the con-
tinued representation of the Government stock in
elections of the president and directors, has com-
mitted this Government for ten years and more
to an acceptance of the Kentucky act. In a court
of equity it would be so held; for, if I stand by
and see a man sell his property on condition that
it shall be transferred to me upon my pledge to
do or perform a certain act, and I do not inter-
fere when I have knowledge of what is going on,
I would be considered by the chancellor as bound
to redeem the pledge; and it would be enforceable
by any party in interest; but, if this Government
has an intent to repudiate the contract, and to
refuse to accept the seven thousand one hundred
and ninety-eight shares of stock so purchased,
let that fact be known authoritatively and legit-
imately, and without any procrastination. The
moment for this Government to act has arrived".
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
from Kentucky will substitute for his proposition
one relinquishing that canal.to the State of Ken-
tucky, I will vote for it. I understand him to
say that if this Government will not improve it,
Kentucky will.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. As a Representative
from the State of Kentucky, with the act of her
Legislature before me, I do not feel authorized to
take the initiative u£on the line proposed by the
gentleman from Tennessee. Asa Representative
of the United States m Congress, I could not
aeree that the United States should be committed
to such a proposition as that of the gentleman.
1 In my opinion, it is to repudiate a contract which
the United States are bound to perform, by the
whole line of action pursued by all parties to
this business for fifteen years past. Relinquish I
