THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE,
February 26.
Relinquish to the State of Kentucky! Why, sir,
-the State of Kentucky desires no relinquishment, j
-The canal lies wholly within the borders of the 1
State of Kentucky, and her sovereignty is-yet
intact and her jurisdiction complete over it, and
ever the franchise by which the_ Louisville and
Portland Canal Company holds it. The gentle-
man from Tennessee and this Congress will please
to observe the terms of the Kentucky act 1 have
quoted already. It is by that act only Kentucky
is guided, and within that act the president
and directors of the canal company will necessa-
rily be compelled to keep themselves. The stock
that has been purchased by the income from the
canal for fifteen years past, is held in trust for
the United States on a condition, not otherwise;
.and, to obtain it, the United States must accept
that condition, and the time has arrived for this
Government to elect whether it will accept or refuse
the condition. It has nothing, as yet, vested to
relinquish; for if it shall dccline the condition
named in the Kentucky statute, and shall ignore
the proceedings of the company, the trust which
was crcatcd will not become active. The whole
result will bp, that the survivors of the corpora-
tion will hold the stock of the company, subject
to a settlement with the United States for a share
of the intervening profits, proportioned to then-
shares of stock held in the company. Every
party to this transaction has acted with clcrn lmnds
thus far; it remains to be seen whether the Gov-
ernment of the -United States will, by failing or
refusing to accept thp condition of the Kentucky
statute, at this time, m the transaction, produce
confusion in the affair and embarrass western
commerce further, instead of ameliorating its con-
dition.
Review for a moment the history of this trans-
action. The Government of the United States
bccomes a partner with individuals in an enter- j
prise then deemed hazardous; the enterprise sue- ■
coeds beyond expectation; the Government has j
an ability, by starting a competing enterpuse of ,
the same character, to ruin its partners; it is ■
pressed to do so by an opposing and popular '
interest, and the partners oi Government become ;
alarmed for (heir security; they ask, as a prin- j;
lege, thatthewoik, now yielding immense profi is, |j
may ran on until its earnings shall pay them bat k
their capital at the minimum of the price of stock in
the market, and this privilege is conceded by the
State; this Government stands by for lifteen
years seeing the work operate to tins effect, and
says not a word. When the effect proposed has
been produced,and the individual partners have,
one by one, secured their original capital and
have retired, and the trustees have the whole
work m hand, ready for delivery under the ar-
rangement, does this Government now propose
to suy it was no party to thai arrangement and js
not bound by it r thai it will not pel form th« con-
ditions which it was to pruform by the term* of
that arrangement, in any sense or m any form 2 r
I undertake to say, Mr, Speaker, such conduct
would not be tolerated in any individual. I will
not characterize it in the Government of my own
country; and I hope the Representatives of that
country will not commit their Government to any
such course. When individuals lose confidence in
the will of a Government to stand to contracts it
has expressly or tacitly become bound by, it will
not long retain its power, if it does not utterly lose
its respectability. . :
Wearenow arrived at the point of time to make |t
v decision of this matter; and as a Representative j:
from Kentucky 1 ask Congress at this session to
make that decision definitely. Bills have been j;
prepared at both ends of this Capitol to meet this jj
ease. 'S ho Committees on Commerce m both jj
Houses have acted on this subjcct. The Com- II
mittee on (Jommeiee of this House have reported jj
a bill containing this appropriation, with a. plan !!
of improvement of the v.anal; the Committee on !'
Commerce of the Senate have reported a bill com- !l
milting the Government to the same plan, but
based on the construction of the Kentucky statute
that only appropriates tolls to the improvement
upon the plan adopted. Both of those bills, how-
ever, acknowledge that the Government is to adopt
the Louisville and Portland canal as a Govern-
ment work, and both accept it under the condi-
tions of the Kentucky act. .This being the state
of the case, 1 wantto press adccision by Congress,
so that the case shall assume some definite shape,
and the western people may have the assurance
that the obstacle at the falls is, in some way, to
be removed, now or hereafter, by the action of
this Government, if you intend to take the work
and to impose tolls to pay for its improvement,
as your Treasury groans with its hoarded coin,
why not now make the appropriation of a sum to
make the improvement as speedily as practicable
upon the plan proposed, so as to alleviate the
burderfs of commerce on the Ohio, and, if you
choose, keep up the tolls until the work repays
the Treasury the sum advanced? That course
would be preferable to a mere imposition of tolls;
but either course would be preferable to doing
nothing in the matter.
Mr. Speaker, the whole West and South and
East and North are interested in this question.
Not a pound of fieight passes through the Lou-
isville and Portland canal without a special tax.
The sugars of the ScHuh pay tribute, and it falls
on the northern consumer; the sugar-nulls and
manufactures of Pittsburg and Cincinnati pay
tribute, and the tax falls on the southern con-
sumer. There is no return and no corresponding
benefit to any class from the imposition of this
i tax. Government is the tax-gatherer from this
pauicular commerce, and Government does not
treat any other commerce in this way. You ap-
propriate here to build light-houses for eastern
; commerce, and to rebuild after the first appropri-
ation has been swept away by the winds or the
waves, and it all is accepted as right. If the
Treasury pays these, why will not Congress ap-
propriate the sum I ask for the benefit of the Ohio
river commerce, especially when it is demanded
by a contract to which Government stands com-
mitted by its own past conduct in connection
will! the Louisville and Portland canal ? Gentle-
men may ask why I take so much interest in a
matter which poaseascs such a general interest.
: it is true, Mr. Speaker, that my constituents"
j have less mterest in this matter—suffer less from
i the obstacles to navigation at the falls of the
Ohio than the constituencies of other gentlemen
v. ho le.sido above oi below the falls. I do take
the deepest interest, however, from my personal
knowledge of the necossstylor the improvement
ftu the general good. I take a particular interest,
too, and 1 will frankly state it m my place upon
thin lloor—I take a particular interest as the Rep-
resentative of the interest of Louisville. I am
afraid of this Government; Ifearjfs power, and
1 apprehend its injustice. I am afraid of its ac-
tion in the future, and therefore I want action
nou\
I do not conceal from my own senses that, as
time rolls on, the representation wjthm these
1 falls of Congress will be more disproportions!
than it is now between the different sections of
tiii.s country; and already 1 find that the proposi-
tion to make, a large expenditure of the people's
money, under the pretense of making a free canal
on the Indiana side of the rivr-r, obtains counte-
nance here and combines friends. It is a stab at
Louisville; and under the pretext of advancing
the inteiests of commerce, on the Ohio river has
quite a different real aim. It proposes to make
an artificial construction to carry the path of com-
merce through a free State, and miles away from
the wharves of Louisville, thus tapping her
prosperity and menacing the value of her prop-
erty. It is a menace which Government ought
not to be party to for a moment; and which I
want to put a stop to immediately, by the adop-
tion of a plan of improving the Louisville and
Portland canal, which shall indicate the intention
of this Government to make that work meet the
wants of commerce, by granting to it all the neces-
sary facilities to accommodate commerce. This
appropriation is, under this view, ■practical econ-
omy; for if this improvement be made, it will be on
a canal only about t«n thousand feet long; while
if it fails, you will hereafter be called on to ap-
propriate untold millions to make a earinl de novo
nearly ten miles long. The idea of debouching
a canal into the fails of the Ohio at any point of
their inclination is simply preposterous; and I
will not now stop to discuss any such plan.
Whenever attempted it will prove a failure as an
auxiliary to commerce, though it may serve as an
aid to run machine^, and help the value of real
estate in Indiana.
I have frankly told the House why I am inter-
ested in this measure. Had I any guarantee
against the combinations of the future, I should
lose all care upon the subject, except in so far as
I would feel the general interest of a resident of
the valley of the Ohio, and of a citizen who de-
sires to see the benefits of Government fall upon
its people, like the dews of heaven—equally on
ail. I have shown you, sir, the interest of Cin-
cinnati in this improvement. She is now quite
unable to engage profitably in the lower-river
trade, because her boats cannot be of sufficient
length to engage in-that trade—they cannot pass
the locks of the existing canal. Yet Cincinnati
resists this improvement through her represent-
ation m part, and through her press at home. I
am not here to speak for Cincinnati; but as the
Representative from Louisville, I will say that
the interests of Louisville in this improvement
are not so great as those of Cincinnati and of
Pittsburg; and that Louisville can get on with-
out the improvement as well and as long as they
can. She is and has been always willing to lend
her aid to improve the canal, so as to remove,
practically, ail obstacle to their freights passing in
their own vessels by her wharves to their desti-
nation, without stop or hindrance, tax or tribute
m any form. What more should the cities of the
upper Ohio desire ? Is it necessary to their pros-
perity that Louisville shall be assailed in her
property and in her prosperity? Will nothing
else answer but that the power of this Govern-
ment shall be used and abused, and its Treasury
leeched to make a new canal through Indiana, at
an untold and incalculable cost, merely to attract
business from Louisville, and to create a compet-
ing theater of business at the falls, and J-n a free
Slate ? Why adopt a new canal longer than
ours? Why travel over the curve of the Ohio
when you have already*a passage cut across the
choid, and upon the shortest line? Why term-
inate your longer canal in the midst of the ob-
struction, when on a shorter line you can avoid
the obstruction altogether ? Mr Speaker, to the
inquiring mind, thoughts will occur in this con-
nection which vindicate the propriety of the ap-
prehensions I have expressed, and the good sense
of avoiding the " combinations" of the future,
when other hands may hold the helm of public
legislation.
J have heard it said that the only reason why
a n'w canal is wanted is, that the impiovements
I ask will interrupt the commerce of the upper
Ohio for a <j,reat length of time. Permit me to .
expose the falhx'y of this in a word or two. The
existing canal is constructed sixty-six feet wide,
through an excavation of solid rode for seven feet
at the bottom. On this rock rests the super-m-
cumbent earth, and it is held in place by a stone
wait, constructed alread) three fifths of the entire
length of the canal. The plan of improvement is
to widen this canal forty-four feet, so as to make
it one hundred feet wide, wilh turn-outs on the
way, so as to permit vessels to nass with ea.se,
and without delay. The plan is further to erect
a new lock, four hnndied feet in length, to be
situated a little distance below the present locks,
and to enter the rjver at an acute angle, instead
of at a right angle, as the existing locks do, and
to be connected with the present canal by a new
cut. This new lock to be below a stony bar which
crops out just below the present locks, and which,
in fact, Constitutes the foot of the fails of the
Ohio. Now, it must be plain that the new lock
and the new cut can be constructed witliout inter-
fering, to any extent whatever, with the use of
the existing canal. What obstruction will the
enlargement on the side offer? The work will
commence at the line of the proposed en-
largement, &nd the earth will be borne aicayfrom
Vie canal, so as not to interfere at all, until the
whole excavation ?hail be completed, except just
thai wall of rock winch shall be required to resist
the piessure of the volume of water in the exist-
ing canal—say a wall four feet through. At a
season of hw water, the canal can be emptied,
and this wall can be removed by a thousand men iii
less than a month, i would stake my reputation on
the ability of any competent engineer to produce
just such a result; and in my opinion it can be
done in the summer time, when navigation is to
all practical purposes suspended, without-mffct-
ing the loss of a dollar upon the interests belong-
ing to the upper Ohio. I know gentlemen will
say engineers have decided otherwise. I say en-
gineers have also decided in accordance with this
