THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 28, 185T.
New Series. .. .No. 58.
statement, and their report is entitled to superior
credit, because of its consistence with reason,
and for other causes which I shall not now stop to
explain. I have placed this subject before the
House with the hope that something will be done
with it this session, and I now ask a vote on ray
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will send up his amendment.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I will write it out and
send it up in a moment.
Mr. DUNN. I would inquire whether the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky is
subject to still further amendment ?
The SPEAKER. That is an amendment to
an amendment. The gentleman from Ohio moves
an amendment to the bill in the nature of a sub-
stitute, and the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky is an amendment to that amendment.
It is, therefore, not further amendable.
Mr. DUNN. "Well, I suppose I can amend
another part of the bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
will state his amendment.
Mr. DUNN. I will send it up.
Mr. LETCHER. The regular way will be to
get the other amendment first.
The SPEAKER. The only difficulty which
arises is, whether the amendment of the gentleman
from Kentucky must not be first disposed of.
Mr. HOUSTON". I wish to ask the Chair
whether, if the House adopt the amendment of
the gentleman from Kentucky, it will not be in
order to amend the amendment further.
The SPEAKER. It will be.
Mr. DUNN. I ask that my amendment be
reported for information.
The amendment was read, as follows:
And the sum of,91,500,000, for the construction of a canal
around the falls of the river Ohio at Louisville, Kentucky,
on ihe Indiana pide of said river, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretaiy of War. Said canal to be upon
such plan as lie may order and direct in all respects.
Mr. LETCHER. I raise a point of order
upon that amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is not now before the
House. It was read only for information.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I am opposed to doing
anything until we get the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky.
Mr. H. MARSHALL sent up his amendment;
and it was read, as follows:
To carry out the contract between the United States and
the State of Kentucky and the Lousville and Portland Canal
Company, to make the >amc equal to the wants of com-
merce, $500,000 : Provided, The same shall bo expended in
. making &au! canal one hundied feet wide, and with a lock
lour hundred feet long, according to the plan of Edward
Watts, civil engineer.
Mr. ENGLISH. I rise to a point of order.
The amendment is not germane to the bill. There
is nothing in the bill in reference to the Louisville
and Portland canal. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky proposes an appropriation which is not
authorized by any existing law. I call the atten-
tion of the House to the 81st rule.
The SPEAKER. If the appropriation is not
authorized by existing law, it is not in order.
Mr. ENGLISH. It is not authorized by ex-
isting law, as I understand it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will state whether the appropriation is au-
thorized by law.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The canal is the prop-
. "rty of the United States.
' Mr. ENGLISH. It is the property of a private
company. There is no act of Congress author-
izing the Government to take possession of this
canal, and I understand it has never been received
by authority of law.
Mr. H.MARSHALL. The report of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shows that $70,000 was
expended upon it by the Government last year.
Mr. ENGLISH. By what authority ?
Mr. H. MARSHALL. By the Government.
.The SPEAKER. If the work is authqwzed
by law, it is in order.
-Mr. ENGLISH. I give it as my opinion that
58
the appropriation is not authorized by existing
law; and if it be otherwise, I call for the produc-
tion of the law.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. The gentleman can-
not call on me or challenge me for the production
of a law, for I do not state that there is a law. I
stated that this was a work in which the United
States took stock by law; and the whole of which
property, with the exception of five shares, the
United States hold. And I stated that your Sec-
retary of the Treasury has been expending money
upon it all the year. If that is not enough to
make the amendment in order, I do not know what
would be.
Mr. JONES, of Kentucky. In addition to the
rule read, I ask that the 55th rule be read.
The 55th rule was read, as follows:
"No motion or pioposition on a subject different from
that under consideiation, shall be admitted undercolor of
amendment. No bill or lesolution shall, at any time, be
amended by annexing thoieto or incorporating therewith
any other bill or resolution pending before the House.
The SPEAKER. It is competent for the
House to amend a bill although there may be no
matter in the bill allied to that to which the amend-
ment refers.- But the Chair is of opinion, from
the statement of the gentleman from Kentucky,
that this can hardly be considered a work author-
ized by the Jaws of the United States. But a fur-
ther suggestion may be made to the House, and
one which must arise. The House has no right,
under the present condition of the subject before
it, to adopt, an amendment, unless that amend-
ment shall have been first considered in Commit-
tee of the "Whole on thq state of the Union. This
applies to the amendment proposed by the Chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, as well as to that of the gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move that the bill
be recommitted to the Committee of the "Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky has had the floor once oil this subject. I
claim it now. an^l move the previous question on
the bill.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Is my amendment
ruled out of order ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that it cannot be entertained.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. Then I hope that my
motion to recommit the bill will be carried.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I hope not.
Mr. DUNN. If the motion to recommit the
bill prevails, or pending that motion, is it not ill
order to move instructions?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is in error. The
Chair should have assigned the floor to the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr.Dunn*.] Thatgentlc-
man was assigned the floor, and subsequently the
amendment of the gentleman from Kentucky was
ruled out of order. The floor reverts to the gen-
tleman from Indiana who was in possession of it.
The motion to recommit is not received at this
time.
Mr. DUNN. I inquire whether it is not com-
petent to recommit to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union with instructions to
report the following amendment:
And the sum of ,$1/)00,000, foi the construction of acanal
around the tails of the i tver Ohio, at Louisville, Kentucky,
on the Indiana safe of said river, to he evpendod under the
dnection of the Secittaiy ol VV.n. S.ud canal to he upon
such plan a- he may eider and dnect in all respects.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. There is no existing law under
which an appropriation of this kind can be made.
It provides for the construction of an entirely new
work, unauthorized by law.
The SPEAKER. The amendment cannot be
received, if the statement of the gentleman from
Ohio be correct.
Mr. DUNN. I would inquire of the Chair
whether it is not competent to move to recommit
the bill, with instructions to report the amendment
proposed by the gentleman from Kentucky and
the one submitted by myself?
The SPEAKER. It will be competent to
recommit the bill, but not with instructions. It is
not competent for the House to instruct the com-
mittee to do that which the House cannot itself
do.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. H. MARSHALL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. PtmviAweE
and Goode were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-five, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The first question was on Mr. Campbell's
amendment in the nature of a substitute.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It will be seen, I
suppose, by this time what the amendment I pro-
pose is; and I ask that it may be read, and call
the previous question.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I ask if this amendment does not appropriate
money; and if so, whether it has been considered
in Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. There are vari-
ous amendments which I have been instructed by
the Committee of Ways and Means—I believe
unanimously—to submit to this bill. They are
founded upon estimates that have been sent to
the House from the Departments, and by tlie
House referred to the committee." They do, how-
ever, make appropriations, and have not been
considered in Committee of the Whole. If my
colleague insists upon his point of order, of course
the substitute I propose to offer will, under the
decision of the Chair, be out of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I call the gentleman from
Ohio to order. The previous question has been
seconded, and no debate is in order. I insist that
the rule shall be enforced.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio,
having reported the bill, is entitled to one hour
to close debate upon the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. If my colleague
insists upon his point of order, the effect will be
to bring the House to adiicct vote upon the pas-
sage of the imperfect bill, reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means early in the session.
Mr. SEWARD. Can I have an opportunity
to reply to the gentleman from Ohio?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia will not have an opportunity to reply.
Mr. SEWARD. Tnen I object to his proceed-
ing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
to speak for one hour upon the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Is he entitled to speak upon
the substitute which the Chair has ruled out of
order?
The SPEAKER. He is entitled to speak on
the bill.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I insist that the
substitute is not properly before the House, not
having been consideied m committee, and that he
shall be confined in his remarks to the original
bill.
The SPEAKER. The substitute has not been
read to the House, but the gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to one hour upon the original bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I should havo
finished what I had to say before this time if the
gentleman from Georgia had not interposed his
objection. I have no desire to speak one hour
upon each of thesefbills. I simply desire that
the House and my colleague shall understaneU,he
effect of the point of order which he makes, that
it will bring the House to a direct sote upon the
imperfect bill, reported by the Committee of Ways
and Means early in December last. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, upon the recom-
mendations of the various Executive Departments,
after a close and some what laborious examination,
recommend the amendments which I no w propose
in the nature of a substitute. If this point o{
order be sustained, the effect will be to embarrass
the bill and require the action of the Senate upon,
the&e very items on which the committee have
spent so much labor. Unless my colleague, there-
