914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
fore, will withdraw his point of order, we must j
bo brought to a direct vote upon the. hill. j
Mr. GREENWOOD. X desire the attention j
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and j
Means for a moment. I understand him to say j
that this is an imperfect bill. I wish to ask j
whether it is imperfect in any other respect than j
that it does not contain all the appropriations !
which the substitute contains ? i
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. That is all. It 1
does not contain all the appropriations which !
have been found necessary for the fiscal year ;
ending the 33th of Juno, 1358. I will ask my j
coiieague to withdraw lus point of order. ,
Mr. STANTON. 1 myself believe the House '
committed a great blunder when they gave unan-!
imous consent to discharge the Committee of the |
Whole on the state of tiie Union from the con-1
sideration of these bills; and I intend, so far as I ]
can, to repair that error by insisting upon the j
question of oider upon every bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. X desire to aak the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means a ques-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 merely desire to ask a
question, not to debate the bill.
The SPEAK'ER. An inquiry is in the nature
of debate, nnd if objected to, is not in order.
Mr. HOUSTON, I do not wish to debate. I
desire that the Chair shall hear my question, and
if he decides fchat it i  not in order, 1 will submit
and take my scut. 1 propose that the substitute
shall be read over, and that it shall be accepted
by the House so iar as there shall be no objec-
tion.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only by
unanimous consent.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. My colleague
[Mr. Stamtox] says that he is desirous of repair-
ing the blunders of the House. I would suggest,
that if lie had been in his scat, and as vigilant
early this morning as lie .-.rcins to be now, ho !
could have prew.iUd tin; blundc r of winch he1
tspcuks by his single voice, i now propose that |
the vote shall be tjken upon the original bill as j
it stands.
The bill was oidered to be engrossed and read i
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPUELL, of Ohio, demanded tiie pre-
vious question upon the p issage of the bill. !
Tiie pievious question was seconded, and the !
main question oidered to be put; and under the !
operation thereof the bill was then passed. ;
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon- !
aider the vote by which the bill \v<is passed; and ;
also moved to lay the motion to leoonsuler on ;
the table; which latter motion was agreed to. i
UNUOU.ICD BILL. I
"Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled ■
Bills, reported as tnilv enrolled a bill to expedite -
telegraphic communication, for the use of the
Government in its foreign intercourse; when the ,
Speaker signed the same. j
ft. 11 MY APPROPRIATION BILL. j
The House next proceeded to consider a bill !
making appropriations for the support of the j
Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 18o8, |
fi om ihi* further consideration of which the Com- '
nut ire of the Whole on the state of the Union \
Iked been discharged. [
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I again propose ;
an amendment in the nature of a substitute. It:
embraces additional appropriations which are ren- j
dered necessaiy, and for which estimates have i
been sent in. * i
Mr. STANTON, If my colleague will permit ;
other gentlemen tu submit the amendments they J
desire without calling for the previous question, i
I will not object. j
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. In the present!
condition of the pubhc business, I do not deem it >
prudent to launch this House into a general de- j
bate upon the various amendments which gentle- i
men may have to move to this bill, and, therefore, ■
my colleague having made the point of order
against the substitute, I call for the previous
question.
Mr, LANE. If the gentleman will allow me,
I will indicate an amendment to which I am sure
there will be no objection.
Mr. CAMPBEL.L, of Ohio. I would have no
objection, but the gentleman will see that the
point of my colleague will not only cut olF the
amendments of the Committee of Ways and
Means—unanimously adopted—but any the gen-
tleman may desire to submit.
Mr. STANTON. I do not desire to be placed
in any such position as that stated by my col-
league. I told him that if ho would not call for
the previous question, and allow gentlemen to
move amendments, X would not object to his sub-
stitute.
The SPEAKER. No objection has yet been
made to the substitute proposed by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Air. SEWARD. I object, unless every other
gentleman can have an opportunity to submit
whateveramendmenthe pleases. I raise the point
of order that the substitute is not in order, mas-
much as, making an appropriation, it must have
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point .
of order. !
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then I call for j
the previous question on the engrossment of the i
bill.   !
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be cngiossed and read
the third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, called for the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr CAMPBELL, ot Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A'AVT APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House next proceeded to consider the bill
(II. R. No. G3'0 making appropriations for the
naval service for the y\ir ending the 30th of
June, 1858, from the further consideration of
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had been discluivgejl.
The hill was redd.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will move an
amendment m the nature of a substitute, for the
same reason I gave before, and call the previous
question.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to accept an amendment which I propose to
oiler. It is the amendment I proposed to offer
the other day in Committee of the Whole for
paying the Ohio volunteers.
Air. CAA1P1JELL, of Ohio. It is not germane
to the Navy appropriation bill, of course, and it
is out of order; but I will hear the amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
For the puipo^c of eatmni; into effect the provision* of
the "Joint K--uiufio:i duectin^ the pavim-nt ot certain
volunteer* and nnlih.i under the lamution< therein pie-
scribed, ' approved Awu-t so much money as may
be necessaiy, nor exceeding five thousand dollars.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. My colleague
will sec that his amend mentis not germane to the
Navy appropriation bill.
Mr. HARLAN. I submit that it has as much
merit a.> any provision in the bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have no doubt
of it; and in its proper place I should be happy
to support it.
Mr. HARLAN. Then E object to the gentle-
man's substitute.
Air. BENSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House, including the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and .Means, to permit me to offer
an amendment for the construction often sloops;
and that they will not raise a point of order, but
allow a vote to be taken upon it by the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 objcct to the
proposition.
Mr. BENSON. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his objection, and let thesunse of the House
be taken upon the question. It is impossible to
get it before the House in any other way.
Mi*. JONES, of Tennessee. I object,
Mr, HAVEN. I ask the unanimous consciit
of the House to offer an amendment, not for my-
self, for I would not trouble, the House with a
proposition of my own; but when the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Stephens] left the city, he
intrusted to my care an amendment, and desired
me to offer it to the end of the bill. I desire to
offer it in his name, under the circumstances, and
ask unanimous consent to do it. I know the
House would not do it for me upon my own ac-
count. I will read the amendment;
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the salary of
Pro'e^-or Jam-".- P. Fh-py for th- current year ending
June 30, I$37.^,000, the pajment to be mad" m the same
manner, and under the like eontiol.as formsr appiopria-
tiona foi motcorologieal obsoiv;itious.
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
All. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I withdraw my
substitute, and insist upon the previous question.
Air. LETCHER. I call for tellers upon the
previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dejtyer and
Be.vson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty-nine, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded; and
the main question was then ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, calledfor the pre-
vious question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
vote by which the bill was passed be reconsidered;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION APPROPRIATION BILL.
m ,
The House next proceeded to consider the bill
(II. R. No. G34) making appropriations for forti-
fications and other works of defense, and for re-
pairsof barracks and quarters, for the year ending
30th June, 1858, from further the consideration of
which the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had been discharged.
The bill was read.
Air. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Iam directed by
the Committee of "Ways and Means to move to
strikeout lines thirty-four and thirty-five, which
are as follows;
For Port Mcllee, and preservation of its site. Florida,
$2.5.000.
That certainly will be in order, as it is to de-
crease the appropriation; and I call the previous
question upon it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurring on oidcnng the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time,
Air. BLISS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CAA1PCELL, of Ohio. I call for tha
previous question upon the passage of the bill,
j, The previous question was seconded; and the
i! main question ordered.
j| A'Ir. STANTON called for the yeas and nays
ji on the passage of the bill.
j The veo s and nays were not ordered.
' Air. .TONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
Air. STANTON. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
j The question was taken; and it was decided in
j the negative—yeas 48, nays 1Q2; as follows:
! YEAri—Messrs. Aibnght, Barbour. Henry Bennett, Bliss,
; Brcnton, Burnett, Caiuthers, Williamson R. W. Cobb,
; Colfax, Cumbaek, Jacob C. Davis. Dodd, Elliott, Emrie,
! English, Flagler. Galloway, Grow. Harlan, IJoUoway, Jew-
en, Geo>«o VV. Jones, Knapp, Knight, Loner, Lumpkin,
.Mace, Humphrey Marshal], MeCarty, MeClueen, Moigan,
Molt, Mm ray, Nichols, Norton. Andrew Oliver, Perry,
Pike, Navajo, Scott, spinner, Stanton, Waldion, Cadwal-
ader O. Washburne, Elliliu B. Washbume, Watkius,Wells,
and Woodworth—IS.
NAYS — Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Allison, Rail, Barclay,
Ilendlev S. Bennett. Billmchuist, Bingham, Bishop, Brad-
shaw,-l-iMmeh, Broom, Buifinton, Cadwalader, James H.
Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carlile,
Caskie, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Claris, Clawscm,
