916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 26,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative; yeas 87, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Aiken. Allen, Barbour, Hendley S.
Bennett, Bowie, Bianch, Breuton, Burnett, Cadwalader,
Caruthers, Caskic, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craw-
ford, Cullen, Damrell, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Jacob C. Davis, Day, Denver, De Witt, Dowdel!, Dunn,
Edmund&on, Elliott, Emric, English, Eustia, Evans, Flor-
ence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood,
Grow, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Hoffman, Houston,
Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Kelly, Kid well, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Lumpkin, Mace, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, Mc-
Mullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morrison, Mott,
Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Peck, Powell, Pur-
year, Quitman, Rieaud, ftuffin, Rust, Sandidge, Savage,
Seward, Shoiter, Spinner, Stewart, Taylor, Underwood,
Vail, Wade, Walker, Warner, Elhhu B. Washbume, Wat-
eon, Well3, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—87.
NAYS — Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Bali, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss,
Biadshaw, Butiinton, Burlingame, James H. Campbell,
Lewis i). Campbell, Chaffee, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Claik,
Clawson, Colfax, Coining, Covode, Craige, Cumback, Tim-
othy Davis, Dean, Dickson, Doild, Durfee, Edie, Lthendge,
Flagler,Galloway,Grantor, KobeitB.IIall,HaiInn,Hodges,
Thomas It. Horton, Valentino B. Horton, Howard, Hughs-
ton, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knox, Ktmkel, Lake, Leiter,
Lctehcr, McCarty, Killinn Miller, Mill ward, Moore, Mor-
gan, Murray, Paine, Paiker, Pennington, Pettit, Pike,
Porter, Pringic, Purviance, Reade, Ready, Ritchie, Jtobbms,
Robot 1$, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Shefcmun, Simmons, William
Smith, Stanton, Stranahan, Tlmiston, Todd, Trallon,
Tyson, Wakeman, Walbndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C.
Washbume, Israel Washburn, Whitney, Williams, Wood,
Woodruff, Woodvvorth, aiul /.olhcoflcr—91.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
Mr. IlEADY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Sneed, who had been compelled to leave the
House by indisposition, had paired off with Mr.
Tiioiungton.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House re-
fuse to second the call for the previous question,
"will it be in order to move to recommit the bill?
TheSPEAEvER. It will.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I demand tellers
on the second.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMctllikt
aud Saw* weio appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 1".noes 71.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. DENNETT, of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays on ordering the main question to
be put.
The yet>s and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the*bill
he laid upon the table; aud on that motion called
for the yeaw and nays.
The yena and nays were ordered.
The question wa^ taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 93, nays 87; as follows:
VBAS—Me-^rs. Aiken, Allen. Uaibour, llendley S. Ben-
nett, Bowie, Bianch, Brentou, Burnett, Cadwalader, John
P. Campbell, (\uutl]t'i->, C.ulue, Chmpn.ui, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Co\, CiiiwIokI. havuhoii, Henry Winter l>uvi«,
Jacob C. Davio, Day, Denver. DowdeU, Dunn, Udtnund-
son, Elliott) Enuie, LnglHi, Eustus, Evans, Florence,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, G.unctt, Goodo, Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, J. Mouwin Flams, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas L.
Ilunis, Haven, Iloibert, Hoffman, Houston, Ilimh^ton,
Jewett, Geui e YV. Junes, Ki'itt, Kelly, Kidwcll, Knovvl-
ton, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K. Maishali, Humphrey
Marshall, Maxwell, McMulhn, McQueen, Smith Millet,
Millson, Morrison, Mott, Nichols, Andrew Oliver, Otr,
Packer, Peek, Puny, Powell, Piuyear, Quitman, Rit.uid,
Rutlin, Savage, Seward, Shorter. William R. Smith, Spin-
ner, Stewait, Talbott, Tapp.ui, Taylor, Undoiwood, Vail,
Wade, Walkei, Warner, Elhhu B. WTa-?hburne, Watson,
Wheeler, Whuney, Window, Wood, Daniel B. Wncht,
and John V. Wright—93.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Allison, Ball, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Billinghurst, Bingham, Biadbhaw, Bullmton, Bur-
Imgame, James H. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee.
Ezra Claik, Claw&on, Colfax, Coimns, Covode, Craige,
Cumback, DairireH, Timuthv Davis, Dean, Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee, Kdie, Hrheridge, Flagler, Galloway, Granger, Har-
lan. Ilarrivon, Hodges, Holloway, Thomas At. Uorton, Val-
entino B. Hoi ton, Howard, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knox,
Kunkel, Lake, Letebei, Lindley, McCarty, Kilhan Miller,
Millwaetl, Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Murray, Norton, Paine,
Parker, Pnut, I'ike, Pungle, Purviance, Reade, Ready,
Ritchie, Itobhnif, Robert*., Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Sherman,
Simmons, William Smith, Stanton, Stranahan, Tlmi&ton,
Todd, 'J'json, Yaik, Wakeman, Walhridge, Waldron, Cad-
waiader C. Washbume, isiael Washburn, Watkms, Wil-
liams, Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolhcoffer—67.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved that the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table be recon-
sidered; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The House next proceeded to consider the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H.R. No.
614) making appropriations for the current and
contingent expenses of the Indian department,
and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,1858,
from the further consideration of which the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had been discharged.
Mr. WHITNEY. I move to recommit that
bill.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House now concur in all the amendments of the
Senate; and upon that motion I demand the pre-
vious question.
The SPEAKER. The amendments must be
read, unless the House dispense with the reading
by unanimous consent.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope the reading will be
dispensed with.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. There are a large
number of Senate amendments to this bill, in a
portion of which the Committee of Ways and
Means have recommended a concurrence, and a
non-concurrence in others. I have no objection
to taking a vote upon concurring in the report
of the Committee of Ways and Means. If that
motion is in order, I submit it.
The SPEAKER. It is the right of members
to have the amendments read, if they desire.
The reading will be dispensed with, if there is no
objection.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I object.
Mr. WHITNEY. I rise to a question of order.
These amendments have not been considered in
Committee of the Whole. They were simply
referred to that committee, and were withdrawn
this morning by the consent of the House. I
behove the Constitution requires that they shall
first be considered in Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The fact is as stated by the
gentleman from New York; but the House, by
its unanimous} consent, discharged the Committee
of the Whota from the consideration of this bill,
and it is competent for the House now to dispose
of it.
Mr. WHITNEY. Is the previous question
pending on the motion to oon'cur in the amend-
ments of the Senate?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not been called.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I call for the
reading of the amendments.
The amendments were then read.
First amendment:
Provided, That at the discretion of the President all dis-
bursementsof moneys, whether for annuities or otherwise,
toiullill tieaty stipulations with individual Indians or In-
dian tithes, now or hereafter to be appropriated for <ueh
objects, shall be made in person by the superintendent^ of
Indian affairs, where superintendences exi^t, to all Indians
or tribes witlnn the limits of their respective supermtrnd-
encies, in the presence of the local agents and interpreters,
who shall witness the same under such regulations as the
Secretary of the Intertoi maj dneet.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio?. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
For the pay of an additional Indian agent for the Indians
of New Mexico, at an annual salary of ,500, and for the
pay of two agents, at an annual salarv of {§1,000 each, one
for Indians in Utah and one for the Witchetas and neigh-
boring tribes west of the Choctavvs and Cluckasaws, $3,500.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The Committee
of Ways and Means recommend a concurrence
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I desire to know
if it is in order to move that the House concur in
gross in those amendments of the Senate in which
the Committer of Ways and Means recommend
a concurrence?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order; but the
gentleman from New York demands* that the
amendments be read.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would suggest, by
way of saving time, that the amendments be rea4,
and that a vote be taken in gross upon all amend-
ments upon which a separate vote is not asked.
The SPEAKER. The amendments will be
read; and if there is no objection, the vote will
be taken in gross, if no separate vote is asked;
and then a vote will be taken upon the amend-
ments upon which separate votes arc demanded.
No objection being made, the amendments of
the Senate were read.
The resolution of the Committee of Ways and
Means was then agreed to, in reference to all the
Senate amendments upon which a separate vote
had not been asked.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote just taken; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question was then stated on the second
amendment of the Senate, which is as follows:
For the pay of an additional Indian agent foi the Indiana
of New Mexico, at an annual salary of $1,^00, and for tho
pay of two agents, at an annual salary of $1,0J0 each, one
foi Indians in Utah and one for the Witchetas arid neighbor-
ing tubes we&t of the Choctaws and Chieasuws, .<13,000.
Mr. BERNHISEL. I hope that amendment
will be concurred in. There is great need for an
additional agent in Utah.
Mr. WHITNEY. Has the previous question
been seconded ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. WHITNEY. The gentleman from Ohio
moved the previous question, but there has been
no action upon the part of the House.
The SPEAKER. The main question has been
ordered by the House.
Mr. WHITNEY. I move to reconsider tho
vote by which the previous question was seconded.
The SPEAKER. It will be necessary for the
gentleman first to reconsider the vole adopting the
several amendments, which have been adopted.
Mr. WHITNEY. I make that motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I move to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on concurring in the
second amendment of the Senate.
Mr. BERNHISEL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kennett
and Durfek were appointed.
Tho House divided; and the tellers reported—
j ayes 75, noes CO.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The twenty-ninth amendment of the Senate, on
which a separate vote had been asked, was re-
ported as follows:
For the general incidental expense*? of the Indian service
in Oregon Territory, including insurance and ttan^poiunon
i of annuities, goods, and presents, and office and tiavehng
expenses of the feupemitendent, agents, and sub-agents,
§39,o00.
The SPEAKER. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence in the
amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurrcd in.
The thirty-eighth amendment of the Senate,
on which a separate vote had been asked, was
i reported as follows:
! For adjusting difficulties and preventing outbieak^ among
| the Indians m the Territory of Oiegon, §iG,00u.
The SPEAKER stated that the Committee of
Ways and Means recommended a concurrence m
the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The thirty-first amendment of the Senate, on
which a separate vote had been called, was ie~
ported as follows:
For defraying the expenses of the removal and sub-Ktencc
of Indians in Oregon Territory to the reservations therein,
aiding them in procuring their own subsistence, purchase
of provisions and presents, compensation of laboiers, and
other employes, $50,000.
The SPEAKER stated that the Committee of
Ways and Means recommended a concurience
in the amendment.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was concurred in.
The thirty-second amendment of the Senate,
on which a separate vote had been called, was re-
ported as follows:
For restoring and maintaining peace with Indinn tribes
in Oregon Territory, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary for expenditure during the year ending June 30,1857,
$264,000.
The SPEAKER stated that the Committee of
