1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ^LOML
919
tribes from joining the ¥akimas,the authors of the war east
of the Cascade Mountains, should they be so inclined. That
the WalJa-Wallas were peaceably inclined, is evident from
the fact that Major Chinn remained, with, I believe, only
four volunteer companies, within the distance ofthirty miles
of Fort Walla-Walla, sending out almost daily scouting
parties that approached within a short distance of the fort,
when the major reported there were a thousand warriors,
without being molested or interfered with. Ajzain, when
Lieutenant Colonel Kelley moved against Fort WaUa-Wal-
Ja, A. Oluey, &ub-Indian agent, wno was not considered
favorably inclined to the chief ot the Walla-Wallas, reports
in substance as follows, viz: 1 That soon after the arrival
of the command at Walla-Walla river, above the fort, a
party of Indians were seen on the hills above the campy when
& detachment of volunteers commenced afire upon tkem. That
he, Olueyjsucceededininducmgthem to suspend their fire,
and had a talk with the Indians, in which he learned the
whereabouts of the chief's camp, and directed them to take
a message to the chief informing him that he wished to see
him. The next day they proceeded in the direction of the
village, but before reaching it, the chief, with five of his
men, met them with a flag of trace. They inquired of him
what he wanted; he replied, peace. They told him to return
to his people with his flag, and fight them. He said he did
not wish to fight. They gave linn his choice, to return and
fight, or go with them and remain a prisoner. He wished
thfem to go and camp, and allow him to return to his village,
and on the monovvhe would return and hold a talk. They
told him if he left, they would at once attack his village.
He, with his men, went to the camp, where they were dis-
armed and tied. During the night, some arrangement was
liiade about beef animals, horses, &c., and one of his people
sent to the village directing them (the Indians) to gather up
horses to supply the colonel's command. On the way they
proceeded to the village, which dunng the night had been
abandoned ; they found articles which had been taken from
the fort. Here he, the chief, asserted that he could recover
piost of the property, and such as could not be restored he
would pay for. The next morning tbe command was or-
dered to proceed up Walla Walla river. Detachments were
Btarting at intervals and diverging to the right and left, and
before the colSmand had all left the camp, firing commenced
In the advance, but by whom he did not know, but was
forced to believe it was by volunteers, as it was evident to
him that the Indians did not meditate an attack, for they
were at the same time engaged in prepanug the morning
meal; form several instances the volunteers dismounted
and partook of the roast beef found at the fires where the
Indians were encamped.' The result of all which ended
with driving the Indiansacross Snake river,adding several
tribes to the ranks of ihehostile Yakimas,the loss of nearly
all the volunteer horses, either captured by the Indians, or
died of fatigue and starvation, and -perhaps the issuing of
nearly or quite a million of dollars in scrip. We shall see
whether this will be fa God-send to the people.> It may
be to the money speculators, but not to the people. I am
informed that the scrip is now selling for from twenty to
thirty-five cents in the hundred.
" Thus ended the winter campaign of Governor Curry.
If there had beenany Oregonians,or other white inhabitants,
to protect or defend east of the Cascade range of mountains,
there might kaoe been, perhaps, some excuse for his usurpa-
tion of power and raising troops, and making war beyond
his ovm Territory and jurisdiction
The following- letter from Lieutenant Sheridan
to Colonel Wright aids in illustration of my
position:
Camp, Lowcr Cascades, Washington Territory,
Jipril 18,1656.
Sir: The bodies of the parties of Indians supposed to
have been murdered, on or about the 4th of this month,
were yesterday discovered a short distance from the road
leading from the camp to the block-house, by a party sent
from this camp under charge of Lieutenant Ilame. To-
day, in obedience to 5 our instructions, I buried the bodies,
and made an examination of the manner in which they
came to their death, and of the ground in the vicit.ity. The
Indian chief Spencer identifies the bodies of his father,
wife, child, and niece, and two young men, Vancouver In-
dians—six in all. The men had their hands tightly lashed
behind their backs, and were then strangled to death by
short enrds tied around their necks with slip-knots, and then
diavvn tight by pulling both ends. The hands of the women
were not tied, but they were strangled to death in the same
manner; a silk handkerchief was used to sti angle the child,
a boy three years old. The person of the young woman,
from the position of her body and dress, was undoubtedly
violated. I did not see her until she had been moved, but
when first seen by the interpreter, Mr. Haines, her body
was in such a position as to leave no doubt that the above
was the case. I feel satisfied that the party were murdered
by white men. I send you, with this report, a buckskin
gauntlet found near one of the bodies. Tiie day 011 which
tiie Indians were seen passing the block-house, it was re-
ported at this camp, by Colonel J. Meek, that a party of six
men armed with rifles had followed them, saying that that
party of Indians would never reach the lower end of the
portage. 1 think ail their names are known to him. A
party of the same size, armed with rifles, reached this camp
the same day. In the accompanying letter I give you some
of their names.
I am, sir, your obedient servant, P. H. SHERIDAN,
Second Lieutenant Fourth Infantry, Commanding Camp,
Lowcr Cascades.
Colonel G. Wright, Ninth Infantry, Commanding District.
True copy : 1UCHA1U) ARNOLD,
First Lieutenant, Third Jlrtillery, Jlid de-Camp.
This Spencer and his whole band were known
to bo the friendly allies of the whites.
My next extract is from a letter written by
Mr. R. R. Thompson, Indian agent at the Dalles,
dated April 20, 1856. He writes to Colonel
Wright:
" The season for fish having arrived, some few have been
furnished with passports to take fish at thfe Dalles of the
Columbia river, on the Oregon side, and while thus peace-
ably engaged, have been fired upon by the Oregon volun-
teers, who are encamped on the north side, and about thre6
miles from the bank of the river. If the Indians were per-
mitted peaceably to take fish, they could subsist themselves,
and thereby relieve the Government of a large bill of ra
pense. I have therefore to request that you furnish a
fieient force to guaranty them protection (during the fishing
season) from the common foe—as also from our own peo-
ple."
In reply, Colonel Wright addresses himself to
Governor Curry, from which I extract the fol-
lowing:
" As I march into the Yakima country to-morrow morn-
ing with all my disposable force, £ am much embarrassed
by these wanton attacks of the Oregon volunteers on the
friendly Indians. Were I to accede to the request of the
agent, to furnish a force to protect those Iudians during the
fishing season, it would diminish my force to such an
extent as to render nugatory my campaign in the Yakima
country.
" Under these circumstances, and presuming that you still
retain authority over the Oregon volunteers, although at
present beyond your territorial jurisdiction, £ have to re-
qnest that they may be withdrawn from the country on the
north side of the Columbia river."
I would like to read now from another letter
of General Wool on this subject, dated San Fran-
cisco, May 4, 1856.
Mr. LANE. I object to General Wool being
introduced here as testimony at all.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
this course of debate is not in order.
Mr. LANE. Very well, I will sit down.
Mr. WHITNEY. I am not surprised that the
gentleman from Oregon should object to this tes-
timony, but ho has introduced matter in reference
to Oregon and Washington, and I do not see why
I should not be allowed to treat of the same sub-
ject. These extraordinary Indian appropriations
are, as a general thing, all of the same character;
and that which is applicable to the Territories of
Oregon and Washington to-day, may be applica-
ble to Nebraska next year. We cannot foresee
events in that Territory; but we may employ our
present experience in guarding against future
error. The extract which I desired to read from
General Wool's letter is in the'folio wing words:
" The only obstacle in the way of entire success is the
determination of the citizens and Governor Curry's troops
to exterminate the Indians, as may be discovered in former
reports, as well as reports marked 4, 5, and 6, herewith
transmitted, of Joel Palmer, superintendent of Indian af-
fairs in Oiegon,and Lieutenant Sheridan, marked 7, and
to prolong the war, and for no other object than to promote
the ends and designs of political and pecuniary speculators.
The latter are already m the market, buying Oregon scrip
at twenty, thirty, and thirty-five cents on the dollar. If the
exteuninating principle is not Abandoned, I repeat that not
a farmer will be left to till the ground in Oregon. All will
be either killed or driven from their farms into extxes or
places of defense."
" Political and pecuniary speculators !" Sir,
in the name of the country I thank General Wool
—I thank the public officers, civil and military, in
those Territories, for the manly and frank man-
ner In which they present the active motive upon
which these Indian forays are fomented and kept
up. Sir, I believe them. I believe these Indian
wars are fomented for no other purpose than to
create imaginary demands upon the Government
Treasury. I think, from information in my pos-
session, that I am safe in saying that the war
scrip issued by Governor Curry in Oregon, and
by Governor Stevens in Washington Territory,
and for the adjustment of which a board of United
States commissioners has been appointed, will
amount in the former to §7,000,000, and in the
latter to §1,000,000—not one farthing of which
has any legal value, and very little of which
ought, m my opinion, to be indorsed by this Gov-
ernment.
I have endeavored, sir, so far as my feeble con-
dition would allow, to present to the House a
correct view of this subject. I know it is imper-
fect. I have been beset with a storm of inter-
ruptions, and have, not the physical strength to
do battle single-handed against the whole Demo-
cratic party in this House, in exposing these
wholesale frauds upon the Treasury. For these
reasons, and under the ruling of the Chair, I leave
the subject to the House, and to the judgment of j
the people.
Mr. ORR. I desire to inquire whether there
was a division taken upon concurring in the
amendmentofthe Committee of Ways and Means
to this thirty-seventh amendment ?
The SPEAKER. A separate vote was taken.
Mr. ORR. While I am on the floor I desire
to state some reasons why I think that amend-
ment Should bVre Considered. As I mtiftiatedio
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, the arrangement or treaty under which
the appropriation is asked for has not been sub-
mitted to the Senate, or has not been confirmed
by the Senate; and, from what I can.learn, it is
not one that the Senate will be likely to ratify;
and I do not think we ought thus to appropriate
$200,000 in advance, the effect of which will be
to initiate a system that will cost the Government
millions of dollars. This proposition or arrange-
ment is one made by General Harney, proposing
to purchase clothes or uniforms for the wild In-
dians on the plains. I do not think the House
have sufficient information to justify them in
voting for this amendment, nor that the inform-
ation which they have is such as to induce them
to vote for it. 1 should have asked for a separate
vote, if it had not escaped my observation at the
time. I call the attention of the House to the
fact that this amendment did not come from the
Senate. It was reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means, and has never been considered
here. We have no definite information in rela-
tion to it, and the little information we have ought
to induce the House to reject it. I hope, the
House will agree to the motion to reconsidcrj
and I move the previous question upon it. ,
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered to be put.
The question was taken on the motion to recon-
sider; and it was agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the House had agreed to the amendment
of the Committee of Ways and Means to his
amendment.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. ORR demanded the previous question on
the following amendment of the Committee of
Ways and Means to the thirty-seventh amend-
ment of the Senate:
And to enable the Secretary of the Interiortoexecute the
stipulations entered into at a council held at Fort Pierre,
Nebraska Territory, on the 1st of March, 1856, by Brevet
Brigadier General William S. Harney, United States Army,
commanding the Sioux expedition, with the delegations
from nine of the bands of the Sioux Indians, $200,000; being
for the fiscal year of 1857 and 1858.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the amendment to the amendment was
disagreed to.
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate, as follows; and it was concurred in:
For the geneial incidental expenses of the Indian service
in the Territory of New Mexico—presents of goods, agricul-
tural implements, and other useful articles—and in assisting^*
them to locate in permanent abodes, and sustain themselves
by the pursuits of civihzcd life, to be expended under th©
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, $47,500.
REPAIRS OF CONGRESSIONAL LIBRARY.
Mr. BALL. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to report back from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, Senate
resolution (No. 47) authorizing the payment of
a certain expense incurred in the repairs of the .
Congressional Library, under the act of Con-
gress, approved Marck 19, 1852.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the resolutions re-
ported by the special committee.
REGISTER OF A VESSEL.
Mr. TYSON. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to put on its passage a bill grant-
ing a register to the bark Ann Elizabeth. She
was built as a brig in the United States; but being
wrecked in the waters of the British West Indies
she lost her American character. Under the act
of 1797, she cannot be restored unless by a special
act.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ister order of business.
And then, on motion of Mr. ORR, the House (at
five minutes after four o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 27,1857.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Stephen P.Hill.
The Journal of yesterda y was read and approved.
FINANCE COMMITTEE.
The PRESIDENT- pro tempore appointed Mr.
