1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
COMMANDER JOHN L. SAUNDERS.
The next private bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H- R- No. 405) for the relief of Commander
John L. Saunders; which was considered by the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole. It author-
izes the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to Com-
mander John L. Saunders, out of any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, $250,
full compensation for entertaining; on board the
ship St Mary's Colonel John C. Eldridge, whilst
a bearer of dispatches from Pensacola to Aransas,
in September, 1845.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported an
amendment to strike out " $250," and insert
" ten dollars a day from 9th of September, 1845,
to 16th of September, 1845, both inclusive."
The amendment was agreed to, the bill was re-
ported to the Senate as amended, and the amend-
ment was concurred in and ordered to be en-
frossed, and the bill to be read a third time.. The
ill was read the third time and passed.
GUSTAVUS B. HORNER.
The next private bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 343) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Gustavus B. Horner, which
was reported by the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, with an amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let that bill go over.
The bill was passed over.
JESSE MORRISON.
The bill (H. R. No. 463) for the relief of Jesse
Morrison, of Illinois, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs that there be paid
to Jesse Morrison, of Illinois, $500, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, the same being m full for damage in being
dispossessed of his storehouse at Fort Jackson,
Michigan Territoiy, for use of the United States
military force, and for rent of the said store-house
by the Government during the Black Hawk
War.
Mr. Morrison was a merchant at Mineral Point,
then in Michigan Territory, and now in the State
of Wisconsin, where he Bad a large stock of mer-
chandise. It became necessary for the accommo-
dation of the Army to occupy his store-house
building for public purposes, ana a requisition was
made in due form by the proper officer for the
delivery up of the building for the public use.
Mr. Morrison, therefore, was obliged to break
up and move hie store of goods, and give up his
store-house for the use of the United States mil-
itary force then stationed there. It is proved to
the satisfaction of the committee, that the damage
to Mr. Morrison in breaking up his business and
the rent of his store-house would amount to the
sum claimed, which is $500. After the close of
the war, Mr. Morrison made application to the
Secretary of War to be reimbursed for his loss
and damage; but, while the justice of the claim
was not disputed, it was alleged that no law then
existed to authorize the payment thereof.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordpred to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
C. B. R. KENNERLY.
The bill (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of C. B.
R. Kennerly, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to ICennerly $536 6G, for medical
services rendered the military escort of the United
States boundary commission in 1854 and 1855.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ANTHONY DEVIT.
The bill (H. R. No. 767) for the rolie'f of An-
thony Devit, late a sergeant in the third artillery
of the United States Army, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place the name of Anthony
Devit, late a sergeant of the third artillery of the
United States Army, and now at the Western
Military Asylum, Harrodsburg, Kentucky, upon
the invalid pension roll at seventeen dollars per
month, beginning oil the 1st of January, 1856,
and to continue daring his natural life or the
existence of his present disability.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a tljird reading, read the third time, and passed,
ISRAEL B. BIGELOW.
The joint resolutions (No. 29) for the relief
of Israel B. Bigelow, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It provides that a pension
of fifteen dollars per month, during his natural
life, be allowed to Israel B. Bigelow, of Texas,
to commence from the 14th of January, 18J7, the
day on which he was severely wounded and dis-
abled by the enemy, while bearing important dis-
patches from Major General Patterson to General
Q,uitman, during the march of the division of vol-
unteers from Victoria toTampico.in Mexico.
He was a contractor, in the year 1847, to fur-
nish beef to the forces of the United States in the
Mexican war, on their march from Victoria to
Tampico, Mexico. On the 14th of January in
that year he left Victoria, with a part of the
United States troops, for Tampico, leading cattle
and men in that place to supply with beef the
brigade commanded by General Cluitman, which
was to follow the succeeding day. On the 19th
of the same month, he was called upon by Lieu-
tenant Elliott, an assistant commissary of sub-
sistence, and informed by him that his men had
failed to supply General Quitman's brigade with
beef, on account of their having lost the cattle.
The memorialist was ordered to return forthwith,
and, if possible, to obtain beef for the brigade, and
if he could not, to notify General Q.i*itman that
he would deposit bacon at certain points on the
route to supply his forces. The petitioner also
received orders from General Patterson, to con-
vey to General Cluitman, to the effect that he had
found it impossible to obtain sufficient forage for
the animals, and that those in his brigade must
be put upon the same allowance of a quarter ra-
tion to which ho had limited those in his division.
In returning to convey to General Cluitman
these orders, and when about twenty miles in the
rear of General Patterson, he was attacked, in
both front and rear, by about twenty Mexican
cavalry, and was shot through the left leg with
a one and a quarter ounce ball, which passed
through and fractured the head of the tibia, close
to the knee-joint. Pursued by the enemy, with
his limb shattered, he was forced to ride eight
miles on horseback before meeting General Quit-
man. When he reached him he was suffering
severely from his wound, but saying nothing
about it he proceeded to deliver his orders. The
general noticed his agonized appearance and the
blood streaming down his legs, remarked to him,
" You are badly hurt." He replied, " I know I
am, and expect to die; but I must convey to you
the orders with which I am charged." He then
informed the General of the orders in detail, be-
fore dismounting. After this he suffered seven
days' torture, laid out in a wagon without springs,
in proceeding to Tampico, over a miserable road,
at which place he was confined m bed, without
once being removed, for one hundred and four
days, and for the space of three years thereafter
he was unable to walk without crutches. He
still suffers with a stiff leg and knee, covered
with ulcers, and has expended a large amount of
money in treating it, without reference to his lo«s
of time and intensity of suffering.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
JOHN L. VATTIER.
The bill (II. R. No. 505) for the relief of John
L, Vattier was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It provides that John L. Vattier is entitled to
select and locate of the public lands of the United
States, open to entry, at $1 25 per acre, two thou-
sand eight hundred and eighty acres, for which
he shall duly receive a patent as indemnity for
the undivided half of the claim of George Schamp
and Pelagre Schamp, his wife, as filed before the
register and receiver of the land office of the
southwestern land district of Louisiana, as re-
ported by them the 1st of November, 1894.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
BENJAMIN R. GANTT.
The bill (H. R. No. 524) for the relief of Ben-
jamin R. Gantt was considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It proposes to confirm the claim
of Benjamin R. Gantt, as the assignee or repre-
sentative of George Rowe, to a tract of iana {in
the east or leift sitle of the Bayou Teche,'in. fli'e
parish of St. Mary, Louisiana, in virtue of 'a
location made by H. Williams, surveyor general,
on the 21st of February, 1840, under the act of
Congress for the relief of the said'George R.ow'e,
approved March 3,1839, containing not more tha'n
four hundred superficial arpents, to so much of
the land, so located, as may be found undisposed
of by the United States; the same to be patented
and adjusted according to the approved plat of
survey of the township in which it is situated,
under instructions from the Commissioner of tKe
General Land Office, so a-s to give him, as near an
may be, the lands sought to be located by him,
being a part of sections one and two, and perhaps
a fraction of eleven and twelve, in township No.
15 south, of range No. 10 east, in the south-
western district of Louisiana; but this act is only
to operate as a relinquishmentforever on the part
of the United States to the lands, and is not to
interfere with adverse valid rights of third per-
sons, if such exist, to any part thereof.
Under an act of Congress approved March 3,
1839, George Rowe, of Ouachita Parish, Louis-
iana, was authorized to locate, within twelve
months from that date, under the direction of the
surveyor general of Louisiana, a tract of land in
the district south of Red river,notexceedtng four
hundred arpents, in lieu of an equal quantity con-
firmed to him by the register and receiver of that
district, under certificate numbered 382—the Gov-
ernment not being able to make good the same—>
the new selection not to be of better quality than
that relinquished, and the titles patent to issue
therefor as soon after the location and return as
it could be done.
In accordance with which law, and after having
complied with all its provisions, as stated by the
surveyor genoral in his process verbal of the
transaction, the surveyor general, on tlie 21st of
Febiuary, 1840, at the request of the mcmorialj&t,
Gantt, the assignee of Rowe, located upon certain
lands, particularly described in the bill, certifying
officially that it was an unlocated vacant tract,
not exceeding four hundred arpents in quantity#
and not of superior quality to the tract, the claim
to which had been relinquished under the afore-
said law of Congress.
For this land, so located, the Commissioner of
the Land Office refuses to issue a patent, for tfcts
reasons as stated in his communication, that the
location was regarded as not being valid under the
law, as it conflicted with other claims, and did not,
as required by the act of Congress, conform to
the legal subdivisions of the public lands.
It appears, from the plat of approved survey
of the township, in which is situated the land in
question, that subsequently to the location of
Gantt's claim there was a resurvey of a private
land claim adjoining it; and that the survey thus
made changed to some extent the shape of the
tiact located by Gantt, but leaving to him the full
quantity, and more than was claimed by him.
The survey of the township having bernapproved
after, and hy the said coirection differs slightly
from the map of the land returned by the sur-
veyor general to the land office, exhibiting hia
location of the Gantt claim; and in that way
shows what appears to be a departure from the
law requiring it to have been located according to
legal subdivisions; but which seems altogether
immaterial, resulting as it did from a resurvey
made subsequent thereto, but being approved,
became the only legal survey.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
GEORGE F. BALTZELL.
The bill (H. R. No. 504) for the relief of
George F. Baltzell, assignee of James P. Roan,
was next consideied as in Committee of the
I Whole. It proposes to permit George F. Balt-
zell, of Florida, assignee of James P. Roan, to
enter, at any laud office in Florida, a full section
of land, or less quantity in lieu thereof, by divis-
ional lines, without making payment therefor;
but the same is to be deemed and taken as a full
satisfaction of any and all claims of James P.
. Roan, and George F. Baltzell, his assignee, under
an act of Congress entitled " An act gi anting do-
! nations of land to certain actual settlers m the
