924
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
Territory of Florida," approved May 26, 1824;
and in his location Baltzell is in no case to select
any tract of land containing a less number than
one hundred and sixty acres.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
"WILLIAM POOLE.
The bill (H. R. No. 498) for the relief of Wil-
liam Poole was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Interior to cause to be paid to William Poole, of
Maine, whose name is now on the roll of invalid
pensioners, eight dollars per month, from January
1, 1856, instead of four dollars per month, which
lie has heretofore received, and that the same be
continued during his natural life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JOSEPH RICHARDS.
The next private bill on the Calendar wars the
bill (H. R. No. 225) for the relief of Joseph
Richards, of Berks county, Pennsylvania.
Mr. SEIDELL.. I think this bill will neces-
sarily lead to discussion. It was objected to the
other day.
The bill was laid aside.
HENRY T. MUDD.
The hill (H. It. No. 539) for the relief of Henry
T. Mudd, of Missouri, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. Charles Burke, on the 35th
of March, 1856, entered, at the land office at Pal-
myra, Missouri, under the provisions of the pre-
emption act of September 4, 1841, the southeast
quarter of section thirty-foiu, townahip fifty-one,
range two west, containing one hundred and sixty
acres, for which he paid $>200, per receiver's
receipt, which entry failed for want of proof, and
wa.s canceled at the General Land Office, Henry
T. Mudd, before the entry was conc.eled, in  oo*d
faith, but in ignorance of the provisions of the
pieeniption law. bought the Lmd of fhoke for
$800, and holds a de -d from Bui lee, daft d March
17, ic-51; but ihe purelmse-money, as the law
stands aud has bteu con«tiued by tin) General
Laud OiKcc, cannot be paid to Mudd, though the
equitable right is acknowledged to be in him, and
Burke has gone to parts unknown, and his order
or power of attorney cannot be had. This bill,
therefore, provides that the transfer of Burke to
Mudd shall be leeeivod and treated as an admis-
sion of the right of Mwld to the repayment of
the purchase-money on the entry, viz: the sum
of yiOO, and the same is to be refunded to linn
a.ecoidmi.'Jy.
The h>il was repoited to the Senate without
amendment, ordeu-d to a third reading, read the
thud time, and priced.
JO*IN HUFF.
The hill (TL R. No. 572) for the relief of John
Huff, of Texas, wr.y considered aw m Committee
of the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to HulF $1,556, in full of all
demands against the Government of the United
States for damages done to his property whilst
Ins house and premises were in possession of a
battalion of United States infantry in December,
1*18.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
JACQUES GODFROV.
The bilj (H. R. No. 508) for the relief of the
hens of Jacques Gudfroy was considered as m
Commiike of the Whole. It directs thaia patent
be issued to the heirs of Jacques Godfrey for a
second concession (No. 19) in rear of the front
grant on Detroit, river, patented to those heirs
July 21,3811, according to the survey of the sec-
ond concession made by deputy surveyor Joseph
Fletcher, in July, Kv22, and returned into the land
cilice by the siuveyur general, and contained in
the patent certificate No. y 13, issued by the regis-
ter of the land office at Detroit, dated April 16,
ltf55.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading-, read the
third time, and passed.
NAPOLEON B. GILL.
The next private bill on the Calendar was the
bill (H. R. No. 355) for the relief of Napoleon
B. Gill, of Perry county, Missouri, and for other
purposes; which was reported adversely by the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. CLAY. I move the indefinite postpone-
ment of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
COLLINS BOOMER.
The bill (H. R. No. 333) for the relief of Col.
lins Boomer was considered as in Committee of
the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Collins Boomer $1,000, in full pay-
ment for the sloop and provisions captured from
him in 1813 by the British, in consequence of his
employment of the sloop in the conveyance of
American troops upon the river St. Lawrence.
The fcdqop was employed in 1813 in conveying
American troops from the river St. Lawrcnce,
and in consequence thereof was capturcd by the
British, and towed across the river into Canada.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SAMUEL S. HAIGHT.
The bill (H. R. No. 510) for the relief of Sam-
uel S. llaight was considered as in Committee
of the WQiole. It directs the proper accounting
officers orthe Treasury to adjust and settle, upon
the principles of equity and justice, the claim of
Samuel S. ITaight, for his services and expenses
in mustering into service, and marching to the
New York frontier, his command, under orders
from General Amos Hall, during the war of 1812,
when Haight was colonel of the first brigade of
Now i ork State militia.
In the early part of January, 1814, he was
senior colonel of the first brigade of militia in the
State of New Yoik. Soon after the burning of
Buffalo and the taking of Fort Niagara, he was
ordered by General Amos Hall to proceed with-
out delay with his command to the frontier, which
he did with about five hundred men, which in-
creased to one thousand men before he reached
the village of Dansville, where he was met by
oiders from General Hall that the British troops
and Indians had recrosscd the Niagara river, and
that he disband his men, as there was no further
necessity for them. The petitioner was at some
expense in getting out the troops, and for such
expense and his own pay he now asks to be re-
imbursed by Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ACKNOWLEDGMENTS TO NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. SEIDELL. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to consider a joint resolution that I re-
ported two days since from the Committee on
Foreign Relations, which I am sure will receive
at once the unanimous approbation of the Senate.
It js a joint resolution authorizing Commander
Henry J. llartstcne, of the United States Navy,
to accept from the Government of Great Britain
a sword presented to him by the Q,ueenof Great
Britain, not in the ordinary form, but sent to the
Navy Department, with an expression of her
earnest wish that he might be permitted to accept
it. There is also a similar provision for Lieuten-
ant Trenchard and Mr. Morrison, of the United
States steamer Vixen, as on acknowledgment
by the Government of Great Britain of their gen-
erous and effective services rendered by them in
rescuing the lives and property of certain of her
Majesty's subjects from shipwreck, and also per-
mitting the crew of the Vixen to receive a small
amount of money, sent to them as a donation,
in relation to this latter branch of the case, 1 will
say that it is geneially believed the officers and
crew of the Vixen would have been entitled to
salvage if they had chosen to claim it. It is in
consequence of their particularly liberal and mag-
nanimous conduct on that occasion that her Bu-
tannic Majesty's Government is desirous to pay
this tribute.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(No. 56) allowing Commander Henry J. Hnrt-
sten^, of the United States Navy, Lieutenant S.
D. Trenchard, Master Morrison, and the petty
officers and crew of the steamer Vixen, to accept
certain tokens of acknowledgment from the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain, was read the second
time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take up the Post
Office appropriation bill.
Mr. BfGLER. W^ill the Senator allow me to
present a bill for the purpose of reference?
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot give way to any-
thing. We have nine appropriation bills to act
upon.
Mr. BIGLER. I simply wish to introduce a
bill which will not take a minute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
postpone all prior orders, to take up the Post
Office appropriation bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senate will now
allow me to take up the bill which I sought to
have taken up, before the Private Calendar was
considered. It will not take long. It is a short
bill. I move to take up the bill for the enlarge-
ment of the Public Grounds.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is a
motion pending offered by the Senator from Vir-
ginia which the Chair will first put.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was considered until four o 'clock, when
the Senate took a recess until six o 'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at six o'clock.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BIGLER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury
to audit and settle the accounts of the contractor
for the ercction of the United States custom-house
at San Francisco, in California; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill making an
appropriation for the preservation of the harbor
at Plymouth, Massachusetts; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
ALEXANDER RANDALL.
Mr. PRATT. The Senate has, during the
present session, passed a bill for the relief of Adam
D, Steuart, the title of which is " A bill explana-
tory of an act approved August 18, 1856, entitled
6 An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart and of
Alexander Randall, executor of Daniel Randall.' "
The Committee on Military Affairs, through in-
advertence, or because at that time of the want of
proper information, omitted to put in the bill the
same provision for the relief of the executor of
Daniel Randall. By the unanimous concurrence
of that committee, 1 desire now to report a bill for
his relief; and I ask the Senate to extend me the
favor of considering and passing it now, so that
both the parties included in the original act may
stand in the same position.
Mr. HUNTER. I am willing to have it done
by general consent, so that it does not displace
the Post Office appropriation bill.
Mr. WELLER. This bill simply carries out
the intention of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs in reporting the former bill.
By unanimous consent, the bill further explan-
atory of an act approved August 18, 1856, enti-
tled "An act for the relief of Adam D. Steuart
and of Alexander Randall, executor of Daniel
Randall," was read the first and second times,
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes so to construe the act of August 18,
J 850, as to pay to Alexander Randall a commis-
sion at the rate stated in that act upon the wholo
amount received or collected by Daniel Randall
in Mexico, as chief of the pay department of the
United States army, duiing the war with that
Republic.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and pissed.
JEHU UNDERWOOD,
Mr. TOLEE. I ask the Senate to take up the
