1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
Mr. KNIGHT objected, to the-withdrawal.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. What is the ob-
jection ?
The SPEAKER. Pending the question on the
three resolutions reported by the select committee
in the case of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Gilbert,J the gentleman from South Caro-
lina moved that they be laid upon the table.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. Is the question
divisible ?
The SPEAKER. If the motion to lay upon
the table be rejected, the Chair is of the opinion
that the question is divisible.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If there be no ob-
jection, I will withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. CRAIGE. I renew it.
Mr. ORR. The vote then is to lay upon the
table the three resolutions reported in the case of
the gentleman from New York, and nothing else?
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay upon the
table, carries with it the report and resolutions in
the case of the gentleman from New York.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. Then, if I vote to
lay upon the table, 1 vote to lay all three of the
resolutions upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. That is the effect.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. That is tantamount,
then, to saying that we disagree to those resolu-
tions.
Mr. PURYEAR. I am opposed to the motion
to lay upon the table.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PURYEAR. I ask to make a single state-
ment. [Cries of " Object!"]
Mr. BURNETT, if the House refuses to lay
the resolutions upon the table, would the next
question then be divisible ?
The SPEAKER. Upon agreeing to the reso-
lutions the House can have a separate vote upon
each resolution.
Mr. ORR. Would it be in order, after taking
a-vote upon two of the resolutions, to move to lay
the third one upon the table ?
The SPEAKER. Afterthe House disposes of
the first and second resolutions, the third can be
laid upon the table.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 136, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Allison, Daibour, Henry
Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Ken-son, Rillinghnrsf, Ring-
bam, Bishop, Bliss, Bowie, Boyce, Brad haw, Brenton,
Broom, Bufiinton, Buihngame, James H. Campbell, Lewis
J>. Campbell, Chaffoe, Bayard Clarke, Ezra Clails, Clavrson,
Colfax, Comins, Cragin, Cumback, Damiell, Davidson,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, Denver, DeWitt, Dickson,
Dodd,Dunn. Durfee,Edje,Emiic, Ethei idge, Eustis, Evans,
Flagler, Foster, HeniylYI. Fullei, Thomas J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Grangei, Gieenwood. Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
J. Morrison ilarus, Hatrison, Haven, Hodges, Thomas R.
Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howaid, Hughbton, Jewett,
Keitt, Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, ICnowlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Lciter, Lindley, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, McMullm, Killian Miller, Miliwaid, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Muiray, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oarer,
Orr, Packer, Paiker, Pennington, Perry, Pike, Porter, Prin-
gle, Puiviunce, llitchie, Bobbins, Robeirs, Robison, Sabin,
Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Scott, Sherman, Simmons,
Samuel A. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan,
Talbott, Tappan, Thormgton, Thurston, Todd, Tiafion,
Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge,
Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washbutne, Ellihu B. Wa&h-
burne, Israel Washburn, Watson, Wells, Williams, Wood,
Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolheoffer—136.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Ailen, Ball, Bianch, Burnett,
Cadwalader, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caiuthers,Caskie.
Clingman, YVilliamson R. W. Cobb, Cox, Craige,Crawfoid,
Cullen, Henry Winter Davis, Jacob C. Davis, Dowdcll,
Edmundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Florence, Garnett,
Goode, Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L.
Harris, Heibert, Hoffman, Houston, George W. Jones, Kid-
well, Knight, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K.
Marshall, Samuel 3. Marshall, Maxwell, McQueen, Smith
Mtifcr* Millson, Mormon, Paine, Peck, Pettit, Powell,
Puryear, Quitman, Reade, Ready, Ricaud, Ruffln, Rust,
Setvard, Shorter. William R Smith, Swope, Tyson, Walker. I
Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, I
and John V. Wright—68.
So the resolutions were laid on the table.
Pending the call,
Mr. KEITT said: Before I cast my vote, I
wish to inquire of the Speaker whether the paper j
sent to the Speaker by the gentleman from New \
York, and read by the Clerk, is addressed to the '
Speaker? !
The SPEAKER. It is a formal communica- i
tion addressed to the House. J
Mr. KEITT. Does it go upon the Journal? '
The SPEAKER. The announcement made j
by the gentleman from New York, in his seat, is I
his resignation; and that fact will go upon the i
Journal. 1
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, moved that
the vote by which the resolutions were laid upon
the table be reconsidered, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CASE OF HON. ORSAMUS B. MATTESON.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I believe , sir, that
the next business in order is the resolutions re-
lating to the honorable gentleman from Connec-
ticut, William W. Welch. I desire that they
be read.
Mr. ORR. X ask that both tiie report and
resolutions be read.
Mr. MORGAN. I ris*3 to a privileged ques-
tion. In the absence of my colleague, [Mr. Mat-
teson,] who is detained from the House Uy sick-
ness, I havo a communication, which I send to
the Chair and ask to have.read.
The communication was read, as follows:
To the Speaker of the House oj Representatives:
A committee of this House having presented a report
deeply afiecting me, I have, in compliance with a resolution
of the House, placed on file my reasons for refusing to sub-
mit to the usurpations of that committee, and my claim to
an open, public, and impartial trial, in the full faith that
the plainest principles or justice would at once induce the
House to yield an assent to that claim. The proceedings
of this day make it evident that no *uc!i hope can be longer
entertained. A similar demand for trial has been denied to
another member against whom the same committee insti-
tuted and consummated similar proceedings. I have no
right to expm that any larger measure of justice will be
granted to me.
A secret inquisition has, without warrant or authority,
assumed to sit in trial upon me; it has taken testimony
against mem secret, and without my knowledge; upon that
testimony it has pronounced it* judgment, and invoked the
highest punishment winch this House can inflict; and a
majority of the House have to-day decided that a trial thus
held and completed is ail that one of its members has any
right or title to demand or to cxpcct.
In all this, the lights of the people whom I represent, and
my own rights and privileges as their Representative, have
been violated and trampled down; and seeing but too
plainly that neither the lights of my constituents, nor my
own, are any longer secuie or to be respected, I have deemed
it my duty to them and to mjself to resign my seat m this
House.
I have accordingly forwarded to the Executive of the
State of New York my resignation, to take effect from this
hour; and my seat i  now vacant.
February 27, 1857. O. B. MATTESON".
Mr. WARNER. Will it be in order now to
call up the report and resolutions relative to the
gentleman who addressed that communication to
the House ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mary-
land is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAYIS, of Maryland. I yield to the gen-
tleman from Georgia.
Air. MORGAN. I would ask the Chair if that
communication goes upon the record ?
The SPEAKER. The fact of resignation will
be recorded upon the Journal.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to call ur> the report
and the resolutions in reference to the member
from New York who addressed that communica-
tion to the House. I will state to the House that
I desire to do so for the purpose of taking a direct
vote upon two of the resolutions embodied in the
report, and of laying the third resolution upon
the table; and I call the previous question.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That Orsamps b. Matteson, a member of
this House from the State of New York, did incite parties
deeply interested m the passage of a joint resolution for
conr-truing the Dos Monies grant to have here and to use a
large sum of money and other valuable considerations cor-
ruptly, for the pmpose of procuring the passage of said
joint resolution through this House.
Resolved, That Orsamps B. Matteson, m declaring that
a lame number of the membeis of this House had asso-
ciated themselves together, and pledged themselves each
to the other not to vote for any law or lesolution granting
money or lands, unless they were paid for it, has falsely
and willfully assailed and defamed the character of this
House, and has proved himself unworthy to be a member
tlipreof.
Revolved, That Orsaxu* B. Matteson, a member of
tins House from the State of New York, be, and is hereby,
expelled theietrom.
Pending the reading of the resolutions—
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I rise to a
question of order. Mr. Matteson is no longer a
member of this House. Therefore there is noth-
ing to make this a matter of privilege.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter for the
House to determine.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. t I submit to
the Speaker, that we have no jurisdiction to pro-
cogd, for the purpose of expelling a member, after
that member has resigned.
The SPEAKER. It is a matter for the Houses
to determine what, disposition sjmll be made of
the resolutions?
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I move to
lay the resolutions on the table.
The SPEAKER. The resolutions must
first read.
Mr. RITCHIE. Is there a motion to lay them
on the table ?
The SPEAKER. No motion is yet stated to.
be in order.
Mr. RITCH-IE. Then I move to lay the reso-
lutions on the table. I think that, when a.gentle-
man has resigned, he is entirely outside of the'
jurisdiction of this House; and I think that we
should pursue, in this case, the sam3 course pur-
sued in the other.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 understood that the gen?
tleman from Georgia moved the previous question.
The SPEAKER. No question has been stated;
for the resolutions have not yet been reported.
Mr. ORR. The gentleman from New York
[Mr. Matteson] states, in his communication to-
the Speaker, that he has filed with the Clerk a
response. I desire to have that response read
before a vote is taken.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be read until the,
resolutions are reported.
The reading of the resolutions, was resumed
and finished.
Mr. WARNER. I now move the previous
question; and ask for a division of the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. Pending that question, the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Ritchie] moves
that the resolutions be laid on the table
Mr. MILLSON. I think my friend from Geor-
gia will see the propriety of withdrawing his
demand for the previous question. This ease is
now for the first time, before the House.
Mr. CLINGMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. CRAIGE. I call for the yeas and naysf
on the motion to lay on the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. wARNER. I withdraw the previous',
question for the purpose of allowing tfr^ commu-
nication to be read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand the gentleman
from Georgia to have yielded the floor. The,
gentleman from South Carolina asks for the,read-
ing of the communication from Mr. Matteson.
The SPEAKER. It cannot be read pending
the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. WARNER. I have not withdrawn the
previous question for that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia can withdraw the call or not; but that does
not preclude the motion to lay on the table.
The question was taken on Mr. Ritchie's mo-
tion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
95, nays 102; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs'. Albright, Allison. Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bishop, Bliss, Boyce, Rienton,
Broom, Bufiinton, Cuihngame, J> wis D. Campbell,Chaffee,
Ezra Clark, Claw-son, UoKax, Comins, Covode, Crasin,
Damrell, Dean, DeWitt, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, Dnrfee,
Edie, Eustis, Flagler, Galloway, Granger, Robert B, Hall,
Harlan, Hodges, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Valentine
B IJoiton, Howard, Kelly, Kelsey, ICennett, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knox, Leircr, Lindlev, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, McCarry,McMullm, Kilhan Miller, Morgan, Mun ay,
Nichols, Norton, A' drew Oliver, Orr, Paikcr. Felton. Pen-
nington, Porter, Pringle. Ritchie, Bobbins, Roberts, Rob-
i.-on, Sabin, Sage,. Sandidge, Sapp, Sheiman, Simmonsj
Stanton, Stewait, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan ,ThoriB;eton,,
Thurston, Traiton, Wade, Wakeman, Walbridge, Wal-
dron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Eihhu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Wells, Williams, Wood, Woodiuff, ana>
Woodwwrth—85.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Akers. Allen, Ball, Hendley S*
Bennett, Bingham, Bowie, Braashaw, Branch, Burnett,
Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, John P.Campbell, Car-
lile, CntinhciP, Ca-kie, Clingman,Williamson It- W.Cobb,
Cox, Ci aige, Crawford, Cullen, Cumback, Davidson, Henry •
Winter Davis, Jacob C. Davis, Day, Denver, Dovvdel!,
F/dmundson, Elliott, Emiie, Etheridge, Evanf, Faulkner,
Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Goode,
Greenwood. Augustus Hall, J. Moruson Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Harris, Harrison, Ileibeit, Hoffman,
Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kidwell, Kun-
kel, Lake, Letcher, Lumpkin, Alexander K. Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall. Maxwell, McQueen, Smith Miller,
Miilson, Millvvard, Moore,Morrill, Morrison, Mott, Pack-
er, Paine, Peek, Pettif, Powell, Purviance, Puryear, Quit-
man, Read. Ready, Ricaud, Ruffin, Ru*t, Savage, Scott,
Sewa'-d, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, TaJbott, Taylor, Tyson, Underwood, Vail,
Valk, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Wheeler, Whitney,
Winslow, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright, and ZolU-
coffer—102.
So the House refused to lay the resolutions on
frh§ table.
