928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27.
Pending the vote,
Mr. SPINNER asked to be cxcused from
voting; and there being no objectioirTlie was
excused.
Mr. WARNER. I have no desire to debate
the resolutions at this time. I desire to say to
the House that, having called the previous ques-
tion, if there be any gentleman who wishes 10 be
heard in the defense of the member implicated,
I will give him the opportunity.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I renew my
point of order. This thing is entirely out of
order, for the reason that the resolutions con-
template the expulsion or censure of a member
who has ceased to be a member, and the power
of the House over him is entirely withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York must sec that that is a matter to be disposed
of by the House, and not by the Chair. The
conclusions drawn by the gentleman from New
York may be perfectly corrcct; but it is not for
the Chair to dcode.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. If the ques-
tion is to be decided by a vote of the House, i
desire to submit to the House whether anything
can be done against a member, as a member, after
he has ceased to be a member? Why, it is en-
tirely absurd.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York raises the point of order that the resigna-
tion of the member having been received, further
proceedings on the report of the committee should
be suspended. The Chair wiil submit the ques-
tion to the House.
Mr. CRA5GE. lias the House accepted the
resignation ? It has nothing to do with it.
The SPEAKER. The House has informally
accepted the resignation.
Mr. ORll. The House has no right to accept
or to not accept.
The SPEAKER. The House has taken the
usual course in cases of this kind. The resigna-
tion is made, and is informnlly accepted by the
Ilouse; but that does not dispose of the business
before the ITou.se. That business it is for the
House to determine.
Mr. WARNER. The question of order bring
raised, is it not competent for the House to de-
cide that question of order ? A nd if the gentleman
desires a vote of the House upon it, let him take an
appeal fiom the decision of the Chan.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has stated that
the gentleman fiom New York must see that it
is for the House to detemnne the question. Jt
is competent for the House to declare thet it .shall
proceed no further in this mutter; or, if the gen-
tleman from Georgia yield the ihn-r to the gom^o-
man fiom New Yoik, he may move an indefinite
postponement.
Mr. WARNER, I will not yield the door, ex-
cept for the purpose which i indicated.
Air. BEMNETT, of New York. 1 take an
appeal from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. OIUL If there is to lie any further con-
sideration of the mattc.r, 1 desire to say a few
words, and I hope the gentleman from Georgia
will allow mo the floor to do so, that 1 may put
the committee rirht.
Mr. KUfcTIS: There are some ten or fifteen
gentlemen who also desire to say a few words.
Air. SANDIDGE. I hope th e gentleman from
Georgia will allow me to ask a question of the
Chair.
Ah. WARNER. If it relates to a question of
order, yes.
Air. SANDIDGE. It relates to the matter be-
fore the House I wish to ask the Chair whether
Mr. M afteson js a member of this House?
The .SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
lie is not a member, that he has resigned his scat,
and that the House has accepted ins resignation
informally.
Air. SANDID&-E. That is the reason why 1
voted for the motion to lay the lesolution on the
table.
Mr. WARNER. Wheneverthe Chair settles
this question of order, and announces to me that I
am in order to proct ed, 1 will do so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Bennett] to
apnea! from the decision of the Chair.
Air. BENNETT, of New Yoik. 1 do ap-
peal.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bennett] raises the question of order
that the resolutions cannot be further considered
by the House, because the gentleman to whom
they refer is no longer a member of the House.
The Chair admits the fact stated by the gentle-
man from New York; but states that he has no
authority to determine that the House has no
power to proceed further in the matter. That is
a question which the House must determine for
itself.
Air. COLFAX. I desire to say to the mem-
bers of this committee, that if this proceeding is
to go on against a man who is no longer a mem-
ber of the House, they should also bring in
Sweeney and Triplett, who have both of them
sworn that this whole Congress is corrupt.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter which is
not before the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move to lay the appeal
upon the table.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. When the propo-
sition was first made to lay upon the table the
resolution in the case of Mr. Gilbert, I was in
favor of a division of that question. I desired
an opportunity to express my opinion as to the
facts that were presented to this House by the
committee in the resolutions, one of which con-
; templated his expulsion. I believe it is due to
| every member of the House that this opportu-
: nity should be allowed. I believe it is due to the
| member who has resigned, that that privilege
I should be allowed the members of the House.
1 There was more than one chaige made in that
I report, and in those resolutions; and there may
! have been a wide difference of opinion as to the
truth of those charges.
Mr. WARNER. 1 rise to a question of order.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. 1 know I am not
in order in referring to proceedings that have
passed from the attention of the House.
Mr. WARNER. I want to know who is en-
titled to the floor ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Geor-
gia has the flnoi upon the lesolutions, and the
gentleman fioni Kentucky has the floor upon the
question of order.
Mr. A. K. MA KSHALL. If, then, T nm not
ruled out of order, I desire to say a word more
upon this point.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate
matters that the House has already disposed of.
Mr. A. K. MARSHALL. I think the House
should express its opinion as to whether the facts
lepoited by I lie committee are true, notwithstand-
ing the resignation of the member^ Weare called
upon to express our opinion m reference to these
transactions, which are said to have taken place
\\ it"U the gentleman fiom New York wasamem-
bi r of the House.
Now, sir, 3 have heard the remark made here
that we should not be kicking a dead body.
Well, sir, we may be m the position of a cor-
oner's jury sitting upon the body of a man who
has commuted suicide, and m that position I
think we have the right to inquire into the causes
of his death. Now, sir, I desire that this House
shall not shirk the responsibility, but shall de-
clare whether we agree with the committee in the
facts which they have presented. It is due to
ourselves and to the country, that we should
express the opinion of the House as to whether
these facts and conclusions are borne out by the
j, testimony presented. On this ground 1 'shall
|. sustain the decision of the Chair,
|| Mr. EENNETT, of New York. These res-
;; olutions assume that the man to whom they re-
lj late is Hti'l a member of the House. Otherwise
|j it seems to me, it is a useless waste of time to
; travel out of our proper course to give any ox-
I'prcssion upon the matter of fact. The whole
m proceedings in this report center upon this point,
j' and what is it? The charge against my colleague
|' on which the resolution ot expulsion is founded.
!: But the resignation of my colleague ha\mg taken
| place, there is norhntg on which to proceed. You
. might as well undeitake to iuvfsugute the con-
,i duct of a dead man, and di cide what you would
j: have done if the mail had not died. It is an ovcr-
jj anxious zeal that would pursue this matter fur-
b ther. The facr, since the resignation of the mem-
j1 ber, is not of the slightest earthly consequence.
|( There is nothing to be gained from it. Those
, parties have not been heard, and it is not fair tS
' decide upon this statement of facts, itdoeslook
to me like traveling out of the way to give any
expression of opinion in the matter.
Mr. Speaker, I have only desired to express my
opinion in reference to the course which it is pro-
posed to pursue. I withdraw my appeal, and
move that the whole matter be postponed until
the 5th of March next.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order
unless the gentleman fiom Georgia yields the
floor for that purpose.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I then do not
withdraw my appeal.
Mr. HOUSTON. I intend to move to lay the
appeal upon the table after I have made a remark
or two in relation to it. I do not intend to go into
the merits of the resolutions reported by the com-
mittee, orexpress,at this time, any opinion upon
them. I propose to deM with the point of order,
which I think presents a very important question.
As I understand it, the question of order made
by the gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. Eln-
nbtt,] presents for our consideration and decision
this point: whether a member whose conduct
has been impeached by the report of a committee
can deprive the House of the power and rhiht
to pass upon the report of that committee, either
in affirmance or disaffirmance of the facts therein
alleged by his resignation? I think he cannot.
1 am willing to admit that, if the member shall
resign, a resolution to expel him is superseded.
In this case, however, there arc three resolutions
proposed for our adoption; the first and second
contain each a distinct fact, which the committee
say is proved by the evidence in the case; tho
third proposes to expel the member. I am will-
ing that the expelling resolution shall go to tho
table; but it is due to the House—to its honor
and the integrity of its conduct—it is due to the
country,and, i think,to the member implicated,
that we shall pass upon the first and second of
these resolutions, and either afiirm or disaihrm
the facts embraced in them.
Mr. WARNER. What is the question before
the House ?
The SPEAKER. It is upon the appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
A'Ir. HOUSTON. Perhaps I have already
stated as much as it is well for me to state in illus-
tration of the opinions which I entertain upon this
subject. I believe it is not only in the power of
the House to pass m confirmation or condemna-
tion of the action of the committee so far as they
present a statement of facts, but that it is our duty
to do it. If such matters pass without action by
the House, it seems to me the questions and mat-
ters embraced m the report and resolutions are
left open and undecided, except so far as the
action of the committee is concerned, and except,
so far as a legitimate inference of guilt may be.
drawn from the untimely and inopportune resig-
nation of the member himself.
If we think the committee acted improperly, and
unjustly implicated one of the members of this
body, we owe it to the memberand to ourproper
sense of justice to say so. If, however, we en-
tertain opinions in accordance with the action of
the committee, we are equally bound to say so.
Any other rule would make all such investigations
worse than a farce. Members may combine under
the influence of corrupt motives, and eiih<n- de-
feat or advance particular bills. They may bo
guilty of any degree of corruption, and whenever
a committee should be raised to investigate their
conduct, they have only to resign to prevent the
House from bringing- to light anything they may
have done; for if this Hou&u cannot now proofed
further with these resolutions, of course a com-
mittee raised to inquire into the conduct of a
member, even upon a direct and responsible charge
of corruption against him, could not call a \.itn<'sx
before it, or ask one question as to the truth of
the charge, if the member knowing or fearing the
proof would convict him should sec fit to resign.
The committee can have no more power than the
House of which it is a component part; and if the
point of order be a good one—if it be true that we
cannot proceed fuither because of the resignation,
then it is equally true that the resignation arrests
the proceedings of the House or the committee at
the. precise point at which they were when the
resignation was accepted. And if that be true,
this report itself, with all of its evidence and dis-
closures, could have been prevented and sup-
pressed by resignations before it was made. We
