THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Cowgress, 3d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1857.
New Series....No. 59.
I could neither have received it or ordered its print-
ing. This I think fully vindicates my views,
I and proves the incorrectness of the point asserted
,, by the question of order.
Unless further debate be desired, I will move
; to lay the appeal upon the table. I make that
i motion.
[ Mr. WARNER. Is the previous question
operating on the resolutions ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was under-
stood to withdraw it.
Mr. "WARNER. I did not withdraw it. I
only said I would withdraw it, to allow a defense
1. of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Matte-
son.]
I The SPEAKER. If the gentleman had not
!, been understood to have withdrawn the call for
i; the previous question, debate would not have
been allowed, unless by general consent, on the
! appeal
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid upon the table.
Mr. ORR. I hope my colleague on the com-
mittee will allow me to say a word before the
previous question is called.
" Mr. WARNER. I prefer to retain the floor
for the present. If the call be seconded, I will
then yield to the gentleman.
Mr, SHERMAN. Does the previous question
cat off the defense of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Matteson1?]
The SPEAKER. It can be read by general
consent.
^ Mr. MILLSON demanded tellers on seconding
; the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Mii-lson,
  and Bennett of New York, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
i ' ayes 86, noes 75.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. MORGAN. Is it in order to lay the
■whole subject upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is ill order; but the gen-
tleman from Georgia is entitled, under the rules
of the House, to one hour in which to close debate.
The Chair will state the motion, if the gentleman
from Georgia yields the floor for that purpose.
Mr. WARNER. I do not yield for any such
purpose.
Mr. ORR. I would like to hear the defense of
the late member from New York read before my
colleague proceeds.
Mr. WARNER. I am willing to have it read.
Mr. ORR. I will waive my application for the
reading, if none of the friends of Mr. Matteson
desire it to be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it but just that it
should be read.
Mr. WARNER. I am perfectly willing that
it should be read, if there be no objection, after I
have made my speech; or if it be tiic pleasure of
the House that it should be read now, I am per-
fectly willing to hear it. [Cries of " Read !"]
Mr. DUNN. After hearing the offensive com-
munication from tliu late member fiom New York
[Mr. Matteson] read this morning—the language
and general tone of which grossly assailed the
action of this House and its committee—I object
to the reading of any other communication from
that quarter.
The SPEAKER. Before the previous question
was called, consent was given that the answer of
the gentleman from New York, filed in pursuance
of, an order of the House, might be read, and it
is now too late to object.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I object.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to object. The
gentleman from Georgia is entitled to 'the floor,
and asks the consent of the House to yield the
floor until the communication of the gentleman
from New York can be read.
Mr. TODD. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that paper is upon file as
a paper in the case, I have a right to hear it read
before I pass upon the resolutions, and I ask for
i the reading of it.
59
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered it
to be read; and the only question is, whether the
reading shall precede the remarks of the gentle-
man from Georgia.
Mr. WARNER, t am perfectly willing, if it
is the pleasure of the House, to have it read now,
if it will not come out of my hour.
The SPEAKER. It will not be deducted from
the gentleman's time; but a gentleman upon the
left of the Chair objects to its .being read in the
present stajje of the case.
Mr. HOUSTON. Why cannot it be read in
the present stage of the proceeding?
The SPEAKER. The question is, whether
the gentleman from Georgia would lose his right
to close debate by yielding to have it read now:
Mr. HOUSTON. This is a paper in the case,
and I ask for the reading of it. I understand that
it lias been filed, under the order of the House,
as one of the papers in this proceeding, and I ask
for the reading of the paper.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. Then I ask
for the reading of all the testimony and all the
papers in the case.
Mr. SMITH, ofVirginia. How did this paper
get in?
The SPEAKER. By order of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Allow me to make
a suggestion. That paper, of course, is designed
to operate upon the question before the House;
and if so it ought to be read.
The SPEAKER. The House has given its
consent that it may be read; and it will be read
after the gentleman from Georgia has closed his
remaiks.
Mr. HOUSTON. Cannot the question be sub-
mitted to the House, whether or not it shall be
read now ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will submit the
question to the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope it will be submitted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was mistaken.
The previous question having been ordered, it
cannot be read except by unanimous consent.
The consent of the House has been given; and
the only question is, whether the gentleman from
Georgia loses his right to the floor if the paper is
read at this time.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. The previous ques-
tion was ordered, with an exception as to the read-
ing of this paper.
The SPEAKER. It was; and the Chair will
submit the question to the House.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. If any paper
is to be read, I insist that all the papers in the
case shall bo read. None of them have yet been
read.
The SPEAKER. The consent of the House
I was given, before the previous question was or-
j dered, that the answer of the gentleman from New
York might be read; and the only question is as
to the time when it shall be read.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York. I have the
same nghuto call for the reading of the other
papers.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not the
right, the previous question having been ordered.
Mr. STANTON. 1 move to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia yields the floor for that purpose, the Chair
will submit the motion.
Mr. WARNER. I do not yield the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Georgia
will then proceed.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed joint resolutions and
House bills of the following titles:
Joint resolution (No. 24) to pay the pension due
ParmeliaSlavin, late wife of John Blue, deceased,
to her administrator;
Joint resolution (No. 29) for the relief of Israel
B. Bigelow;
An act (No. 254) for the relief of the heirs of
Samuel R. Thurston, late delegate from Ore-
s'*
Wn act (No. 333) for the relief of Collins Boo-
mer;
An act (No. 358) for the relief of George Schel-
linger;
An act (No. 366) for the relief of Rebecca
Smith;
An act (No. 370) for the relief of Mary Ann
Clark; '
An act (No. 372) for the relief of Lyman N.
Cook;
An act (No. 446) for the relief of Thomas B.
Steele, Passed Assistant Surgeon of the Navy of
the United States;
An act (No. 459) for the relief of John C. Me-
Connell; 4
Ail net (No. 460) to reimburse the estate of
Joseph McClure, a paymaster in the war of 1812;
An act (No. 463) for thp relief of Jesse Morn-
son, of Illinois;
An act (No. 466) for the relief of William Ken-
dall;
An act (No. 473) for the relief of Eichard
Phillips;
An act (No. 498) for the relief of William
Poole;
An act (No. 504) for the relief of George P
Baltzell, assignee of James P. Roan;
An act (No. 505) for the relief of John L. Vat-
tier;
An act (No. 508) for the relief of the heirs of
Jacques Godfroy;
An act (No. 510) for the relief of Samuel S.
Haight;
An act (No. 524) for the relief of Benjamin R.
Gantt;
An act (No. 528) for the relief of C. B. R.
Kennerly;
An act (No. 575) for the relief of John Huff,
of Texas;
An act (No. 589) for the relief of Henry T.
Mudd, of Missouri;"and
An act (No. 767) for the benefit of Anthony
Devit, late a sergeant in the third artillery of the
United States Army.
Also, that the Senate had passed, with an
amendment, an act (H. R. No. 405) for the relief
of Commander John L. Saunders.
Also, that the Senate had indefinitely postponed
an act (H. R. No. 355) for the relief of Napoleon
B. Gill, of Perry county, Missouri, aneffor other
purposes; and
An act (H. R. No. 438) for the relief of the
heirs of Captain Thomas Gill.
CASE OF ORSAMUS B. MATTESON AGAIN.
Mr. WARNER. I will detain the House but
a short time with what I have to say; and I may
as well do it now as at any other time.
The principal object I had in calling up this res-
olution, after the resignation of the member from
New York, was for the purpose of taking the
sense of this House upon two of the resolutions
embodied in the report. I desire to do so for this
reason: The member from New York, in a com-
munication he made to your committee, and which
is made a part of the record, insisted that the
facts which were proved in reference to that mem-
ber, and particularly in reference to the using one
fourth of a valuable factory for the purpose of
carrying a certain bill through this House, was
IcgiUmutt and ptoper, and that it was a legitimate
and proper method to secure and promote legis-
lation in this House.
Sir, I desire to show tbatif that be the standard
of that gentleman's morality, and the morality
of others who may think with him, I desire to
know who they are, and what standard of mo-
rality they are disposed to establish here upon
this subject. * ...
There is another object I have in view. It is
made a part of the record here, as charge
against the committee appointed by this House,
that an error was committed in the testimony, and
the committee are charged with furnishing that
member with/afee testimony. I desire to explain
