1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
931
whether these things are to go on—whether these
practices of outsiders or insiders are to be consid-
ered legitimate and proper.
There is another fact developed by this testi-
mony^ independent of the factory stock. I do not
read the testimony in full. Every gentleman, I
imagine, has read the reports of the committee
and the evidence accompanying them, and there-
fore I will not refer to it m detail. The member
does not deny the facts. He says the §100,000
to be brought here, and the cutting up of the fac-
tory stock, Were perfectly legitimate to operate on
outsiders to help pass the bill. That is the ground
upon which he justified himself. There is an-
olher $1,000 which was placed in the hands of
Mr. Greeley, but for whose special benefit has not
been distinctly established, though the implication
is quite strong and pointed in view of the circum-
stances under which the money was placed there.
The proof is, that Mr. Stryker, a member of the
Des Moines Navigation Company, who was here
under the direction of the board, for the purpose
of urging the passage of this bill through Con-
gress, in which the company was deeply inter-
ested, their interest being about three hundred
thousand acres of land, transmitted in a letter to
Horace Greeley a dtaft for $1,000. On first view,
that would-seem to be an ordinary transaction—
that he had transmitted it by mail; but on further
examination it was found that they were both
stopping at the National Motel, in this city. He
sent the letter through the post office of that
hotel. He first said that it was given as counsel
fee; but, when pressed, said that the draft was
deposited in the hands of Mr. Greeley to aid
in the passage of this bill. Iiere was $1,000 de-
posited in the handsof Mr. Greeley,to do with it
as he pleased in order to aid in the passage of this ;
bill. Nobody who understands these things—
nobody who has been accustomed to ferret out
and trace up the transactions of men when they
attempt to evade the law and escape detection, is
deceived about this matter. By the act of 1853
it is made criminal and punishable m the peni-
tentiary for an outsider to offer a member of Con-
gress money or other valuable thing to aid in the
passage of bills. Stryker deposited the money
in the hand of a friend, because he had confidence
in him that he would not make a bad use of the
money. Did any member of Congress have a
similar confidence ? The money was placed where
anybody could find it who wanted to find it; and
he said that the member from New York [Mr.
Matteson] knew that he had made this deposit.
He said further, that it was proper for him to say
that he did not suppose the member got anything
of it. He would not suppose that, because as soon
as he entertained that supposition and knowledge
that it was put there for a member, it put him in
the penitentiary. Fie would not suppose any such
thing. The money was put there, and it was
put there to be used as Mr. Greeley might think
roper. The money hns been paid, but to whom J
do not know. I have seen a letter published j
by Mr. Greeley to the editor of the Iowa City j
Republic^! in relation to this §1,000 draft, in ]
"which he says, " A friend handed him a draft for j
$1,000, drawn on the treasurer, in New York, |
of the Des Moines Company, which he asked me j
to take with me and use to pay a draft which he .
said would probably be drawn on me by an agent em-
ployed by said company. The treasurer said he knew
all about it, and paid it, and with the proceeds I
paid the $1,000 draft drawn from Washington on
me." Who drew the draft from Washington on
Mr. Greeley we do not know; but when we con-
sider the statement of Stryker as to the manner in
which the draft on the company was placed in the
hands of Greeley, and the object for which he says
it was placed there, it is not at all probable that
the second draft was drawn on Mr. Greeley by
an agent of the company. Stryker says the draft
transmitted in a letter by him to Mr. Greeley was
to be used entirely in his discretion to aid in the
passage of the bill; which, as a matter of course,
gave him the authority to pay the proceeds either
to outsiders or insiders, or to keep it himself. He
had the absolute authority to dispose of the money
in any manner he might think proper in the event
the bill passed. See Stryker's evidence upon this
point. This state of things existing here, and it
being insisted by the member implicated, who ar-
raigned the committee- for their proceeding in this
matter before the Hou^e for what he says was
f
their improper and arbitrary conduct, I felt "it due
to myself, as a member of tliat committee, to the
committee, to the country, and to the House, to
have a direct vote on this question, whether these
outside proceedings are right and proper, and
whether it is against public policy and public mor-
als to attempt to corrupt legislation hereat its foun-
tain-head. S5ir, no vote of mine shall ever make a
record here in favor of any such transactions, let
who will contend they are legitimate and proper.
Never; for when this body becomes corrupted,
either by inside influence or outside influence, it
will not be long before the people will be corrupted.
Every man is entitled to come here and represent
his constituency, and to vote according to his judg-
ment, according to the best intellect God has given
him; and he is entitled to come here and enjoy
that privilege without being annoyed by outsiders
either armed with shares in a factory, in money
deposited in the hands of third parties, or in
having $100,000 brought here for the purpose of
aiding in the passage of any bill or resolution.
And just here I desire to make one remark in
relation to the $1,000 deposited in the hands of
Mr. Greeley. In the letter of Mr. Matteson to
Mi. Johnson, in which he asks him whether he
is willing to have his one fourth of the factory
cut up and used to carry the bill through, in
addition to what Stryker arranged, he says: te I
can have some agent to promise outsiders stock
in a new factory." Now, when the money is.
deposited in the hands of Mr. Greeley, with the
knoivledge of a member of Congress, it is just as
easy for him to have some agent to draw on Mr.
Greeley for that money, as to have an agent to
promise outsiders stock in a new factory. The pro-
cess is exactly the same. Everybody under-
stands it. Nobody misunderstands these things,
unless they want to. It is to accomplish the
passage of bills by unlawful and improper moans,
and to avoid detection. And this is a striking
illustration of the indirect, cunning devices of
shrewd, experienced men to corrupt legislation
at its fountain-head; and if gentlemen suppose
they are deceiving anybody who understands the
motives and conduct of men, and who has been
accustomed to investigate their fraudulent trans-
actions, they are mistaken. They deceive only
themselves, and those who want to be deceived.
And let it be remembered that, in his letter, he
wants to know whether he is willing to furnish
that one fourth of the factory in addition to what
Stryker has arranged. He did not say what
Stryker had paid, but what he had arranged.
Stryker tells what arrangements he had made—
that the $1,000 which he placed in Mr. Greeley's
hands was all the atrangemcnt he made to secure
the passage of the bill. Corruption of members
of Congress by the use of money, or other means,
will always be difficult to prove; hence it is our I
duty to deal promptly and summarily with every
one who improved to have done such acts as tend
to accomplish that result, and especially members
of this body.
Mr. Stryker, it appears, was a member of the
executive committee of this company. On the
2d day of July an order was passed by that ex-
ecutive committee to pay this draft of $1,000, '
expressing upon the face of it that it was for the I
retainer of counsel in the prosecution of the bill for \
the benefit of the company before Congress. In j
another part of his testimony he says that Greeley j
ought not to have paid this money, because it was |
only to be paid on condition that the law passed, j
t.nd not having been passed, it ought not to have i
been paid; and if he had been present at the board *
it would not have been paid without his knowing ;
something more about it. The resolution order- !
ing it paid has the name of this same John Stryker ■
attached to it. He was there, then, when it was I
passed, and it expresses upon its face that it was j
for the retainer of counsel. When he is examined \
before the committee he makes that first state- j
ment; but when the matter is investigated it turns ;
out that Greeley had the right to do just what he ,
pleased with it. So this pretense that it was for ;
the retainer of counsel was merely colorable. No :
man can look at the transaction without seeing ■
the track of the animal all along there. As the ,
old hunters say, there is u plenty of sign "along :
there. There is no evading it; and whatis the ,
defense? When called upon for a defense, what:
does he do? Does he deny it? He admits that j
he wrote the letter, and he does not 4eny the >
ccmYersrstroi* with Hott; Beverdy Johnson; what
defense, theft, doe& he make? He turns round
and attacks the committee, and puts them on trial
for usurping authority, and doing everything
which is outrageous and against decency, and for
sitting as a secret inquisition.
Sir, who ordered that inquisition ? This House
ordered it. There was a complaint that the priv-
ileges of members had been invaded by improper
influences; and this secret inquisition which the
member denounces was ordered by this House;
and when they do not perform theirduties exactly
in a manner which is agreeable to the gentlemen
implicated, then, instead of denying the allega-
tions, they turn around, and_make war upon the
committee, and seek to put the committee on trial
instead of themselves. I have no apologies, as
I said the other day, for my action. When I
wentupon that committee I knewnothing of these
outside influences. I did not know that any such
thing existed. I had heard of no" complaint in
any quarter, and I was not even in the House
when the resolution raisins: the committee was
passed; and the first intimation I had of my ap-"
pointment was from the chairman, who came to
my desk, and notified me of the fact. My first'
impression was to ask to be excused from what
I knew must be a laborious and unpleasant duty.
I immediately went to one of my colleagues upon
the committee, and inquired whether he intended
to servo upon the committee, and inquired about
some other members of the committee with whom
I was not acquainted. I then consented to serve,
and did serve, without knowing one single indi-
vidual who would be implicated. So far from that,
I did not suppose anybody would be implicated;
but, as the investigation progressed, facts impli-
cating members were disclosed, and the committee
then discharged their duties in such a manner as
they thought incumbent upon them, and as they
supposed the House desired that they should,
without regard to the person implicated. And so
far as fairness is concerned, we felt it due to our-
selves to protect members. And when it is charged
against us that we sat in secret, we reply that we
did so as much in protection of members, as for
any other purpose. A great number of anonymous
communications weie sent to us, pointing to indi-
viduals almost dircefly; and if we had held our
meetings in public, these would have come totffe
knowledge o$thc public, giving rise to rumors and
reproaches against members, in reference to which
we had no right to institute an investigation. We
never acted upon one of those anonymous com-
munications. We burned them up. We were
careful to guard individual members of Congress
and to report nothing which would not be evidence.
Every one will sue Vhat would be the result of
pursuing a different course. The committee felt
it due to members of the House to^pursue the
course we did.
Mr. ORR. At this particular point of the gen-
tleman's argument, I wish to say a word in reply
to some remarks in the written letter of the gen-
tleman from New York. I have no word of un-
kmdness for the gentleman from New York; but
that portion of his letter which charges that his
district was ransacked for testimony, requires
that I should state the facts injustice to the com-
mittee.
The first intimation that any improper influ-
ences had been resorted to in reference to the Des
Moines bill, was conveyed to me by a gentleman
from the State of Iowa, who resides in that State.
He named the fact to me, and furnished me the
name of William C. Johnson. At that time I
did not know where Mr. Johnson resided. On
inquiry I ascertained. He was summoned before
the committee, and in the progress of his exam-
ination a certain letter was traced into his posses-
sion. He stated that that letter was at home.
We dispatched the Sergeant-at-Arms with a sum-
mons after his clerk to bring the letter. When
the letter was produced before the committee we
found that Mr. Stryker had made some other ar-
rangement. That induced the committee to send
for Striker, and in the progress of the investiga-
tion it appeared that Reverdy Johnson had been
the counsel for that company, and the conimittee
deemed it thiSHtiuty to send for and examine him.
That is the^ay I, as? a member of the commit-
tee came into possession of the information,
which information I indicated to my colleagues the
first meeting after the information reached me.
