934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
such cases, as I understand, the uniform practice
is to give to the party accused notice of time and
place of the meetings of the committee, and to
permit him to be present and hear the testimony
given. The committee reports the testimony so
taken, with the result of their deliberations in the
nature of a verdict, and recommend to the House
such sentence or judgmentas in their opinion the
case demands. Upon this testimony, originally
taken in the presence of the party and subject to
immediate cross-examination, the case is tried
and determined by the House.
Here, then, the House is a constituted court
for the final trial. The case is taken up de novo,
and the House has before it all the evidence upon
which it can act understandingly. Another case
is where a general resolution of investigation into
certain charges, which may or may not involve
members of Congress, is passed. There nobody
can have notice until somebody is implicated by
the testimony taken; and then tjie question is
raised as to what is the proper course to be pur-
sued in reference to such cases. For myself, for
the sake of convenience, for the sake of the rights
of all the parties and of the public, I am satisfied
that the true course is for the committee to report
a resolution in which they will embody the result
of their deliberations, resolving that the party has
been guilty of such an offense, without any evi-
dence. That resolution would be in the nature
of an indictment, and then the true course would
be to recommit that resolution charging the party
to another select committee, who should hold a
court in which all the testimony should be taken
uptfe novo, of which the party should have notice,
be furnished with process to compel the attend-
ance of witnesses, and be himself present when
every witness testifies. That is the course which
ought to have been pursued in this case; but it
has not been done. The testimony upon which
he has been tried is ex parte. It is not only ex
parte testimony, but it is impeached testimony;
it is testimony laboring under a thousand difficul-
ties.
For the purpose of showing one of the results
growing out of this mode of proceeding, I will
allude to the case of the gentleman from New
York. When the gentleman from New York
m^e a question about a portion of tlm testimony
having horn omitted, it was ascertained that it was
doubtful what was testimony and what was not:
that what had been done 111 the committee room—
questions put to witnesses and answers made by
him—although reduced to writing by the clerk,
■were not considered to be. testimony. How, or
"why, I know not.
Now, I have copied from the notes taken be-
fore that committee of what purpoits, upon the
face of the manuscript, to be evidence, but what
the committee toll me is not evidence; and 1 ask
the Clerk to read it as a part of mv argument.
Mr. ORR. 1 desire, before that paper is read,
to say, that if that paper be read it puts the com-
mittee in a position which is dishonoring to them,
and that the paper could not have been otherwise
than surreptitiously obtained.
Mr. STANTON . That is very extraordinary
language. 1 called at the office of the Clerk of
the House to examine the papers in these cases
on his files, as I had the right to do. [laving
found the papers, I had copied from them the
paper which t have sent to the Clerk's desk.
The SPEAKER.. It will be read as a part of
the argument.
Mr. STAiNTON- I do not choose, if the gen-
tleman from South Carolina insists that anything
wrong has been done in reference to obtaining
that paper 
Mr. ORR. I stated to the gentleman from New
York yesterday, in reference to testimony which
he was seeking for, and which I suppose is the
same which the gentleman from Ohio desires to
have read now, that when the witness made the
statement of that paper to the committee, the com-
mittee stated to him that th<-y would not receive
it or %*eat it as evidence. If there was any mem-
orandum made, as there was by the clerk of the
committee at the time, it was for the purpose of
securing the names of the parties which had been
furnished.
The gentleman perceives he places the com-
mittee, by this course, in the position of allowing
that to be published which they said to the party
ehouid not be published, arid which they did not
receive as evidence. The main facts which the
gentleman desires to get at, he can obtain through
the letter of Mr. Simonton in the columns of the
National Intelligencer, in which he states dis-
tinctly, over his own signature, that he furnished
the committee with the names of Mr. Sweeney
and Mr. Triplett.
Now, after making that statement, I leave the
gentleman from Oluo to his own sense of propri-
ety. I have no personal objection at all. If the
House will acquit the committee of doing that
which is improper towards this witness, I have
not the slightest objection to the paper being read;
but I do not want the committee to bear any por-
tion of the responsibility of bringing to light that
which they said was not testimony, and not taken
as such.
Mr. STANTON. I went to the Clerk's room
to look at the testimony on file. The Clerk was
not present; but I found that of which I had this
copy taken amongst file files of his office, which
I supposed every member of this House had a '
right to inspect. However, I think, under the
circumstance, I will not ask for its being read now.
Mr. ORR. One more question.
Mr. SAGE. I desire to appeal to my friend
from Ohio, as this disussion has taken this turn,
to propound some questions to the gentleman from
South Carolinain reference to those matters which
might relieve the committee from any censure,
and that we may have the fact that this witness
took this witness Sweeney to certain places in
this city for the purpose of taking testimony when
he was about to leave here to escape from arrest
for a crime.
Mr. ORR. The point is this: The gentleman
from Ohio says he obtained this from the Clerk's
office. I desire to know if the manuscript from
which the copy was made was not erased?
Mr. STANTON. Red lines, in the shape of
cancelation lines, passed over it. I examined
the papers on file, and I found portions of it which
were not printed.
Air. ORR. Then, as the committee is not to
be held responsible at all, and as this matter, by
accident, lias been put m a place accessible to all,
and feeling that no responsibility rests upon mc,
or any other member of the committee, I with-
draw all objection to the reading of the paper.
Mr. HOtJSTON, 1 desire to know of the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether he purposes to read a
copy of a paper as filed in the Clerk's office, or
whether he proposes to read that which is no part
of the paper winch is filed there—that which in
the course of the testimony by the witness, as I
understand, was stricken out?
Air. STANTON. I found in the Cleik's office
the manusenpt from which this report was pub-
lished, as I understand it. The manuscript is
with the Clerk, and a copy of the portion i de-
sired was made by one of the clerks. I went to
the office, found the manuscript, and found two
pa^es that had maiks drawn around the margin
to indicate, as I understood, that it was not to be
printed. There was nothing to indicate that the
lines were drawn for any other purpose. I found,
on comparison of that manuscript with the printed
copy, that these two pages were omitted. What
the purpo.se was, I do not pretend to know.
Air. HOUSTON. I desire to know whether it
is a part of the evidence?
Air. STANTON. I say no mnn can tell. Tt
appears fiom the papers as part of the evidence.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does it not appear from the
papers that this was stricken out in the correc-
tion of the evidence?
Mr. STANTON. There are lines drawn around
it in the way I have mentioned.
Atr. HOUSTON. And then you piopose to
read that which is stricken out? [Cries of "Read!''
"Read !"] 1 have no objection.
Air. STANTON. 1 decline to yield further,
and ask for the reading of the paper.
The paper was read by the Clerk, as follows:
t£ By 3iV. fFarncr.—Will you now place the coimmttee
in the* possession of such facts as will enable them to obtain
toimioiiy to establish the charges which you have indi-
cated ?
" Witness—I will name to the committee, to be exam-
ined as a witness, J. II. Sweeney; and I will say to the
committee that, if he should t>ui to ostabh&h specific facte
justifying m<? m calling public attention to these subjects, I
hold myself responsible to prove that I had good reason to
suppose he could give good testimony.
u By Mr. Ritchie—To what point will the testimony you
suppose him able to give tend ?
•" JVitness.—I would ask him wnether he knows, of his
own knowledge, of any attempt of any members of Con-
gress to obtain compensation for votes given or to be given;
and then, I take it Tor granted, the committee will be shrewd
enough to draw anything out of him that he knows.
" By Mr. TVumer.—ln. relation to what specific measure
do you suppose him able to testify ?
" TVUne&9.—If he does not state the measure voluntarily,
I think I shall be able to designate it. Another man who
I think can testify, but of whom I cannot speak so confi-
dently at present, is a Mr. F. F. C. Triplett, the author of a
book on pension laws. I think these parties will testify to
specific tacts, from which you will see that I am justified
in the conclusions to which I have come. Some time ago,
I was informed by a gentleman in whom I have confidence
—who also pledged me not to disclose his name,under any
circumstances—that Mr. Chubb, the banker, had stated
that, when the California war bond bill, or joint resolution,
was pending before the House at the last bussion, a mem-
ber of Congress came to him and said there were thirty of
them who designed to vote against that measure, but who
would vote for it if they were paid .$300 apiece. I believed
the statement, because I knew that Mr. Chubb was the
agent of most of the parties who held those bonds; and 1
was informed that Mr. Chubb also said that lie paid, or gave
security to pay, for it, $15,000. We all know the meagre
passed. I believe the measure was a right one : I want the
committee to understand that. One point more: Iahave
heard it stated that it would be proved before this commit-
tee, when it was appointed, that I was largely interested m
the Pacific railroad bill, and ihat my hostility to this meas-
ure was founded on that fact. I state to the committee that
X have no interest whatever m that bill."
Pending the reading,
Air. A. K. MARSHALL asked whether the
witness was under oath when he made that state-
ment?
Mr. ORR. I suspect the matter will explain
itself on that point.
Mr. STANTON. Before I proceed to comment
on the testimony, I wish to say a word more in
reference to the course of proceeding which ought
to be adopted here. We are referred by gentle-
men on the other side to the precedent of the
Brooks case last summer. But, Air. Speaker, so
far as it was concerned, it belonged to the first
class of cases to which I have alluded. He had
notice of the time and place where the committee
would meet. He had an opportunity of being
present at all times, and of hearing every syllable
of testimony uttered against him, and of cross-
examining every witness. So far as the other
gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Iveitt] is
concerned, it was developed in the progress of
the evidence that there was to be a charge against
him. If, when the charge was presented to the
House, that gentleman had disputed any fact, if
he had called for further investigation, if he had
objected to the testimony on which the committee
predicated their resolution of censure, if he had
expressed a desire* that the testimony against
him should be taken in his presence, and Unit he
might be confronted with his accuser face to faces
he should have had the opportunity.
But how stands the case; and what is the dif-
ference between that ease and this? He is charged
in the House with being guilty of a particular
offense. He is arraigned upon it and is asked to
pleadguilty or notguilty. He says, " I am guilty
of the facts charged, but I deny that the law arising
on these facts justifies my being punished." Is
not that done every day t The gentleman from
.Maryland would move for an arrest of judgment
in such cases. He would not inquire for wit-
nesses. He would not ask for the opportunity
to cross-examine them, nor would he ask to bo
tried before another jury. No such tiling. But
how is this case ? Here is the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Air. Welch,]—as well as all those
who have been arraigned here—who denies the
truth of the testimony. lie files a written, sworn
answer, denying every fact against him. He says
he was not present when the witnesses testified.
He does not know anything about what is ex-
cluded fiom the report of the testimony and what
is reported. He does not know how these par-
i ties conducted themselves on the examination.
| He wants an opportunity of meeting his accusers
I face to face, and not to be convicted on ex parte
! testimony. Now, my friend from Maryland
• quoted "the old man eloquent" and the course
I pursued in an investigation in the Senate some
' fifty years ago. 1 have had no opportunity to
! examine this case, but from his statement of Jt it
! is against him. It was a case in which expulsion
was'proposed. It was a case in which witnesses
were sworn in open S&nate,examined, and cross-
examined; and the judgment of the Senate was
based on the testimony so. taken, as I understand
it.
