1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That and other
testimony.
Mr STANTON. That and other testimony.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not under-
stand that any testimony going to the original fact
charged was taken before the Senate. The report
does not exhibit it. It rested on the evidence and
depositions taken ex parte, and on printed evi-
dence sent in.
^V£r. STANTON. The main fact to which I
wish to call the attention of the House was that,
in that case, the party was permitted to call wit-
nesses, and to bring .them before the body, that
they might see and know and judge of the in-
telligence and integrity of the witnesses, from the
manner in which they testified before the body.
That is denied to these parties. They are not
permitted to put these witnesses on the stand.
Bat whatever weight, may be due to the opinion
of Mr. Adams, and whether it is for or against
me in the d$tse to which the gentleman refers, he
was not then the " old man eloquent," but, like
the gentleman from Maryland, the "young man
eloquent." And whatever his opinion may have
been at that time, he has left on record the ripe
and mature judgment which he had formed in the
experience of fifty years spent constantly in the
service of his country, and during which he had
" sounded all the depths and shoals of honor."
In the Congressional Globe, volume 6, number 21,
page 333, he says:
" It is the pnvilegpof every member to lie her.rd anil tried
by tlie Houm: ii-.elf.''
And this rule, he said, was necessary to the
rights of members and their constituents. I am
not only supported by Mr. Adams, but he goes
beyond me, and denies the power of any commit-
tee to try a member. And, sir, the difliculty under
which this case labors, as it seems to me, and as
the gentleman on the other side cannot fail to dis-
cover, will be found in every step of this investi-
gation. And it docs seem to me, that if gentle-
men would only have the goodness to reflect
coolly and calmly, they would see the injustice
of this proceeding.
The remark which fell from the gentleman from
Maryland, the other day, discloses the feeling
which almost necessarily enters into a committee
constituted as this was. He says, in his remarks
here, that if nothing were to be developed by the
committee, if it were to be a sort of ilash-m-the-
pan, the committee could not.havo withstood the
public indignation. The public, he said, was
looking for some result from this investigation.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. No, sir. I said
if the committee had failed to make their report.
Mr. STANTON. Certainly. If the commit-
tee had failed to go through with the investiga-
tion and make the report. Tliey were directed
to ferret out whether certain combinations ex-
isted, and they felt it to be their solemn duty—
whether or not the rights of parties were violated
and trampled under foot—to make their report
before the close of the session. Now, Mr.
Speaker, a body so constituted as a sort of gtand
inquest, necessarily has infused into it something
of the esprit tie corps of a prosecuting attorney or
grand juror. They could not escape from it.
And now look at the kind of testimony that has
been produced, and on which this conviction is
asked, and at the sort of examination resorted
to. It is an examination which would be per-
fectly competent in a grand-jury room, but it is
not competent anywhere where a party is placed
on his trial, or in a court which has power to
pass final judgment on it. I will read a few of
the questions and answers.
The chairman of the committee' puts this ques-
tion on page 57:
" Give the general purport of the conversation, as near as
you can.
" would not pretend to give the language
used on that occasion. 1 do not know that J tin give even
the substance of their talk. 1 have givoii the lebiilt in I he
writing 1 have exhibited to the committee. As near as [
can remember, Mr. T riplelt proposed that, if the hook was
taken at $1 3.5 per copy, lie would give ,$7,5i)0 ; if at 40,
lie would mcrcdhc $j00; and so on, at the same rate, up
to $1 50 per copv Beiond that, it seems to conflict with
this writing; and there is a conflict of opinion in ielation
to it elsewhere. .
" By Mr. Orr.—What was your impression >
" fullness—My impression was, that all above a eeitain
amount was to go for the benefit of other parties besides the
author of the book. I may be mistaken in saying that he
was to give .<s7,500 if the hook was put in at $1 35. It may
  . . ... A4\ isQ nnn r I ficmw
it up, so as to speak precisely; but my impffigsion is, that
it was $7,500 for $1 35 per copy, and $50Q for every five
cents per copy beyond that sunn.
" Bv Mr. Orr.—It was a giaduated-scale contract, then ?
" Witness.—Piecisely. 'JFhen there was a certain sum
wlucli he agreed to pay beyond that. I think it was the ex-
pectation then that the book would go in at$l 50 per copy.
I think he was to pay at the rate I have stated, and then
pay one or two thousand dollars in add uon, if it went in
as "high as $1 50. I could not speak with accuracy, how-
ever, as to the figures, without making a calculation.
"By the Chairman.—Was there a resolution for the pur-
chase of this book afterwards ofTeied?
"Witness.—No, sir ; not to my knowledge.
"By Mr. Orr.—You were, then, to pay over this money
to Mr. Gilbert, if the resolution passed ?
" Witness.—There was something said about negotiating
the paper, if the lesolution passed.
"Blithe Chairman.—Who was to have the avails of it?
"Witness.—I have stated in my explanation who the
bargain was made between. 1 do not know that 1 wa<s in-
structed, in so manv woids, to pay the money to anybody.
"By Mr. Orr.—Then, it was the understanding that it
was to be paid to Mi. Gilbert by your
" Witne^.—That was mv understanding at the interview
to which I have vefcrrcd. As I have stated, 1 was not called
on afterwaidsto pay it to an} body.*'
He then goes on to give his impressions, and
they are all very disastrous to those parties.
Then the chairman puts this question:
" Was there a resolution for the purchase of tins book ?
'♦ Witness.—No, sir; not to my knowledge."
My fliend from South Carolina then puts to
him this leading question:
" You were, then, to pay over the money to Mr. Gilbert,
if the tcsolution passed ?"
Here, sir, is a leading question indicating the
answer which was expected of the witness; and
I ask you, Mr. Speaker, whether such a question
would be admitted in any court of justice in the
land on a criminal prosecution ? But there is more
of the same sort. On page 60,1 find these ques-
tions and answers again, under the lead of my
friend from South Carolina: 1
" By Mr. Oir.—Did any member ever express to you the
expectation that he ought to be compensated, or would be
compensated, for reporting a claim favorably ?
" Witney.—No. «n.
" By Mr. Orr.—I will put the question in a little more
generii! form : Do you know of any mmibcr having de-
manded money, or any other consideiation, to induce him
to make a favorable rcpoitfiom his committee ?
" Witnc-s —1 really cannot answer that question.
'• /hi M>. Orr.—Why not'
ik iVitness.— It !•> so general.
"By Mi. Orr.—IJa^ any such requisition been made
upnn^'ou bv any member, or ha< it been made upon any-
bodv el=o by any mcnbei in your presence?
•* fthink not. I want to make this statement:
1 do not foe! myself called upon to volunteer any infoima-
tion upon ilv-e M-ntci =; and while, if your question were
propounded m a Isttlo different fo*m. it might bring out
tomchmg. I thai! avail mj&clf of this much : 1 antwor the
question :)•« piononnded.
* " By Mr. Warner.—Udvc you any reasons for believing
that a member of Congress has demanded, or taken any
compensation for «uch service?
*• Witness.—f think not.
" Bv Mi, Warner.—Have you any reason tor believing
that Mioh i-= the fact."
'• fFiiHc.ss.— F pay have reasons for believing such a
thmi*, that K F may have my suspicions aroused.
"By Mr. Warner.—Will jou sulci what those riMhons
arc ?
" W-Uness.— I do not know that I have any reasons that
I could r-tatc.
" B>t Mr. W<irner.—State what the facts arc.
" Witness. —I have not admitted that f ever knew a
member to take any money tor lepoitmg anything liom a
committee.
" By Mr. Warper.—Have you known any member to
receive land oi any other valuable consideration ?
Witness.—I know nothing alioutany member receiving
land for any mich bcivicc.
" By Mi. Darh.—Any thing whatever of any value, cither
received or demanded ?
•* Witness.—You gentlemen have certain information m
your possession that, if your question* were propounded
differently, might be drawn out. I shall not unnecessauiy
give the committee any aid m buneing myself into these
matters. What I know, if the question be propounded so
that 1 cannot avoid answering directly, I will answer, how-
ever reluctantly, if it do not strike too deep."
"If it do not strike to deep." On condition
that it did not injure any spccial friend of his he
would tell the truth, if compelled to do it. .Now,
sir, there is a strange contrast between the mode
of examining this witness, and that of some
others. This witness is tortured for his impres-
sions, for his recollections, for his opinions, and
for his inferences, it is notsoall the way through.
On page 204, I find Mr. Wendell is called as a
witness—and he is a very worthy gentleman for
aught I know. I have not the honor of his per-
sonal acquaintance, but thcg^htleman from South
Carolina approaches him in this way:
" By Mr. Orr.—There have been a great many rumors
through the press and in the city, of a supposition that im-
proper influences were resorted to in your election as
printer. We desire to inquue of you whether any member
or members of Congress received, or were' to receive, any
pecuniary consideration from you, directly or indirectijym
consideration of their support of you for that office ? ■
" Witness.—There were none.
" By Mr. Orr.—You know of no arrangement which was
made through any other person, paying any member of Con-
gress anything for his vote?
" Witness.—I know of none,
" By Mr Orr—Is there any member of Congress who is
entitled to, or who expects to receive, any portion of the
profits that may result from your establfthmerfPas public
printer of the House?
u Witness.—I cannot answer as to what they expect to
receive. No one, to my knowledge, does so expect i and
no one certainly will get anything of the sort.
"Bythe Chairman.—There is no arrangement between
you and any member of Congress by which he has a right
to expect any such consideration ?
" Witness.—None, in any shape.
" By Mr. Ritchie.—Did any member of Congress ever
apply to you for any consideration for his vote as public
punter, directly or indirectly?
u Witness.—Never.
" By Mr. Warner.—-Has any member of the present Con-
gress made any agreement or contract.directly or indirectly
through anv third person, by which they have become in-
terested m any public piinting, or in any document that
ha* been ordered to be printed by Congress.?
" Witness.—No, sir.5'
Now, sir, when this witness is brought to the
stand the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Orr] " roars you as gently as any sucking
dove." He is asked for no suspicions, for no im-
pressions, no hearsay evidence; but in a straight-
forward , lawyer-like way, he is asked for his per-
sonal knowledge. Well, sir, that is right; and
the only complaint I have to make is that all the
witnesses were not treated in the same way.
In the testimony of another witness, on the
same page, in response to a statement of the
witness, in reference to political combinations for
the election of printer, the gentleman from South
Carolina says: " We do not inquire in reference
to any political combination." Well, sir, I
should not have cared if the committee had in-
quired a little into tilings of that sort, for that sort
of bargaining is not to my taste any more than if
a man says: " I will give you a section of land if
you will vote for my railroad bill." It is, in my
opinion, very liftle better.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have spoken of the char-
acter of this examination, and I have not time to
pursue this line of argument further. Every gen-
tleman knows that the evidence upon which the
committee predicate their resolution is wrested
from the witnesses by that kind of examination
which is not competent in open court before a
petit jury, in answer to questions which are illegal
and would not be tolerated in any criminal prose-
cution.
But, sir, what are the charges against Mr.
Welch, and wlmt is the proof (such as it is) in
support of these charges ? He is charged first
with asking fifty dollars as a consideration for
reporting a pension bill from the committee of
which ho was a member. That is the matter of
one of the resolutions, and it rests entirely upon
tiie testimony of Mr. Sweeney. It is not pre-
tended anywhere, by anybody, that it was heard
by anybody else, or that Mr. Welch ever com-
municated, or hinted in the remotest degree, any
idea of the sort to any other witness. I say that
that charge rests solely on the testimony of Mr.
Sweeney. I undertake to say that Mr. Sweeney
i§ totally, absolutely, and wnqualifiedly unworthy
of credit. He is infamous upon the face of that
examination. Upon that examination there is
an affectation of reluctance to testify which ill
conceals a deep-seated malignity, and a settled
purpose to injure these parties, although in the
answer which I have read, in which this witness
communicates no information touching these
parties, yet in that answer he suggests to the
committee that there is information within his
knowledge which the committee could get if they
would only vary their questions. And this is the
temper developed throughout his whole examin-
ation. He manifests a deep and settled purpose
to injure these parties by inducing the committee
to draw out all the testimony they can; at the
same time he seeks to preserve some little color
of integrity and fairness and impartiality by
saying that he docs not desire, and he is very
reluctant, to say anything. I say that no intelli-
gent lawyer can read the testimony of Mr. Swee-
ney, and not come to the conclusion, from the
facts developed on its face, from the temper dis-
closed, from the malignity it exhibits, from the
hypocrisy which pervades it, that Mr. Sweeney
is steeped in perjury to the very lips.
