936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
I say, therefore, that a charge here resting upon
his testimony alone is not to be taken to convict
this party. An improbable charge—a charge
trifling, contemptible, and insignificant—a petty
larceny affair that a country negro boy would be
ashamed of, is made against a member of Con-
gress upon the testimony of such a witness as
this, and on that testimony we are asked to expel
the member. What is the testimony? It is that
Mr. Welch expressed himself to the witness as
being favorable to the claim of Roxana Kimball,
and subsequently, that fifty dollars might be used
to aid in its passage. That is the whole story as
Mr. Sweeney tells it. If the charge were estab-
lished by unquestionable proof, I should think it
exhibited Mr. Welch as a very simple, penurious,
and contemptible wretch. Still I would not con-
sider that it constituted the offense of bribery
which demanded his expulsion from the House.
But the charge is not true. There is no proof
of its truth. Mr. Welch denies it under oath.
Why will you not believe him? Because he is
the party charged? Has he been guilty of any-
thing worse than this witness has been guilty of
by his own confession ? So far as the evidence
of the witness himself is concerned, they stand
together. If Mr. Welch was the bribee, Mr.
Sweeney was the briber. If Mr. Welch is in-
famous, is not Mr. Sweeney infamous also? If
bribery carried infamy with it, and brands infamy
upon a man, is not this witness branded ? Every
consideration goes to show that Mr. Welch is
entitled to as much consideration as Mr. Swee-
ney.
It is suggested to mc that the report of the com-
mittee on this Kimball case was afterwards made,
and that this witness swore there was, as he be-
lieves, no money paid for it. lie is satisfied there
was none paid or demanded. Then there is only
a simple, naked, ex parte statement of the utter-
ance of a single sentence, not followed up by any
overt act, and this upon the testimony of this
witness.
Mr. Speaker, the other elnirge is, that Mr.
Welch was to be a p;u tieipant ju the fruits of the
contraetbetween Mr. GilbertandMr.TnpIetf. In
regard to the testimony of Mr. Triplett I have to
say, that I know nothing of his character. I am
glad I do not. 1 have no friendship or enmity m
tfajlHfnatter. On the face of his testimony there is
no evidence of any malice or settled purpose to j
injure, i do not see, so far as Ins recollection i
goes, but that ho testifies straightforward, like a j
rnatl who desired to tell the truth. 1 have no I
disposition to cast any imputation on Ins integ- j
rity. 1 do not think there is anything on the face j
of his testimony which would warrant me in j
doing it; but I do be£? to say, that he has the j
frailest memory of any poor human being whose j
testimony I have heard of for many days. Of i
course, before Mi. Welch can be charged as a
participant in the profits of the contract between
Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Triplett, the principal must
be convicted before the accessory cau be put on ;
trial. Let it be assumed that Mr. Gilbert is con- j
victed; I am willing to agree, for the purpose of !
this argument, that he has been convicted; but it 1
is not now necessary for me to speak my opinion j
as to whether he is guilty or not. I
I want to cull the attention of this House to j
the testimony of Mr. Triplett, so far as it affects
Mr. Wclch, On page 70 wc find the follow- <
li iff:
some land, I think. There was some controversy with re-
gard to the land.
" By Mr. Davis.—Do you know whether there was any
arrangement or any negotiation entered into between him
and Mr. Gilbert?
" Witness.—I do not. Mr. Gilbert told me the fact that
he had a claim here against Congress, and prob'ably suggested
to ine that 1 could make something out of it, but I have
never been in the habit of running down people about their
claims. I have never spoken of it to him since, so far as I
know and behove.
" By Mr. Davis.—Then that is all you know about any
arrangement between him and Mr. Gilbert?
u Witness.—If ever they made any arrangement I do not
know it."
The examination to which I first alluded was
on the 16th of January. He was again examined
on the 17th, and again on the 19th.
On the 19th he was permitted to make the fol-
lowing explanatory statement:
"With reference to the question propounded to me by
Mr. Orr, 'whether any conversation took place between
me andanyotliei member in which he came out and soli-
cited, or demanded, or EMuned any pecuniary compensa-
tion 101 voting,' I desir!*to say that my answer is more
strongly worded than subsequent icHeetiou hds> convinced
| mc it should be. I meantto confine myself, and do confine
myself, to a denial of any specific contract with any one
owe. I would also state moie specifically than I have done,
that I cannot undo take to bay when or how tlie conversa-
tion between Mr. Gilbeit and myself upon my book arose,
ft is piobabie that when he was first introduced to mc an-
other matter was the subject referred to. It was, however,
a mattei over which Mr. Gilbeit had no control, and in
which, so far as I know, nothing was subsequently done.5"
On page 72 are the following questions and
answers:
" By Mr. RitcMc.-A.rc you certain that he was aware
of the ariungement with Mi. Gilbert?
Kl Witness.—lie was awaio that there was an arrange-
ment with Mi. Gilbcit, though I do not know whether he
know the specific terms; I do not think lie did know the
tfinis.*'
'• By Mr. Warner.—From the conversation you had with
bun, it was j'our nnpuSMon tli.it you and he understood
each other perfectly in ielation to this matter:
'* Witness.—I thought I understood whathi^motivewas,
though my expectation and supposition were that the under-
; M.Hiding was between him and Mr. Gilbcit, and that if be
I h < (ived any compensation he was to receive it from Sir.
' Gilbeit.
I "/>'>/ i />\ —Haw many eouveisations do you
i think \ on had with linn :
J •- Witnrt\ —Iih mipo^'ibif foi m<> to-tntc. I fic<jui>iiily
| impiiied. and wu«« frequently imjimed of, to the pio-ncct
oi the parage of the liook.
*' Bij Mr. Ifurncr —What did he s ay to you about Ins et-
P'etiUion of being benefited by it?
•• Witness.—My uupiesMOins, and I give U s-nnply as an
impulsion, that the !ir t convocation' that occuircd be-
tween upon the buliject was in the room, or at len-t m
the pieMmee oi Mr. (Jilbert. Whether I had been told be-
loiehand, or whethei 1 then lieaid he was io be the recipi-
ent of <t portion ot the inonej, I cannot ; bat lrom the
conversation that ocemred botweenus I should have diawn
the deduction that be had -ontfi interest in it. I think
probably that he a>ked me what amount had been agieed
on with Mr. Gilbcit; lint tln^c aro ftmttcrMn which I can-
not undeitake to be aeeuiate.
k- Hy Mr. W.yracr.—Yon of course told him the amount
that had been agreed ort
Now I apk the gentleman from Georgia if, in |
his own court, that last question had been put, i
he would not have ruled it out as leading? The
witness, however, did not respond to the lead.
Ho answers:
u I do not know that I did tell him the exact amount. I
think it very likely that t told him that it was up to a cer-
tain amount, without mfoimmg him accurately about if,
becaiwc I Mippo^d that if he wa> togetain compensation,
he was to get it from Mr. Gilbert, and that they would make
then arrangements together
Mr. WARNER. I will answer the question
ot i'lO "V11 fli'lYUl V! fl-nm  f mrtcit nnv^i„!rr
" Pa Mr. fhr— rf tlicie \va> ;my conver^itiou that took !
pi.ice between you and any uUierfiicnilier m winch lie crtme '
out and *o!ie.led,oi dem.'iwh'd, or lentmed ;my necumary !
eolripentiition tor voting tor d piopusitton, it will lie pioiiur 1
to state it. It it Wle, simply a coiivci-ration whetc \ou tie-
Mi-etl to impress a member of Oonaies* with the piomiety !
ot votint; to! it, ami thi-te w;h nothing indicating that he
expected to i eceivo, or you to give anything, it is unnecc---
fcaiy to state it. * J
•' mtnesi.-l had conversations with various member!, ;
but thcie was no other < ohvitmhiou, as fai as I can iccol- :
lect, whole there was a y-iieji imdeistanilmg. A no loose !
talk and suggest ions, I cannot undei lake to answer foi them
Theie was nottaui; appioaelimg a eontiaet with au\body
Orr.—Or expectation on the part of the mem-
" TVUne5s.—*l was !o to lie at 110 expense outside of that
contract, as far as any other member of Congress was con-
cerned.
"By MrDavis—Do you remember Mr. Gilbert introdu-
cing you to any gentleman from Richmond ivdo had some
claim belore a committee that ho wished to press-
1 Witness—I think X rcmembei that Mr. Gilbeit intro-
duced me. while in lie-room somemoniing, to a gentleman
whose name I have forgotten, who had a claim there tor
the gentleman from Ohio—I most certainly
would, it 1 saw an unwilling witness unwilling to i
answer. 1 would relax the rule so as to put'the i
question more leading. I
Mr. STANTON. That is the true rule; and !
all I have to say is, if lie supposes this House j
regards this Triplett as ail unwilling witness, he j
will find himself mistaken. j
^Now, sir, what does this testimony prove 5 |
Triplett is the only witness whose testimony I !
quote upon this question at all. 1 regard Sweeney j
as utterly infamous and unworthy of credit. It '
shows that this Triplett had nothing but vague, |
loose, and indefinite suspicions that Mr. Welch j
was to be benefited. Ik not that the whole of it? j
I submit it to the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. 1
Davis] in his closing argument. Is there any- i
thing more definite than that Triplett had the
impression, through conversations he had had,
as he thinks with Welch, that Mr. Welch was
to derive some benefit from it, without having 1
any information as to how much, or upon what |
terms? But does not every lawyer know that 1
when a witness swears from information, it is !
the most common thing; in the world for a wit-
ness to swear to that as information derived from
conversation with one person which he actually
derived from another? Sweeney had had conver-
sation with Triplett, and Triplett got the impres-
sion that Welch was to participate in the con-
tract with Gilbert, and from that source I have
no doubt Triplett was informed of the fact. He
does not give a single sentiment ever uttered—a
single word ever uttered to hiin by Welch from
the beginning to the end. [Here the hammer fell 1
Mr. STANTON. I ask that the House will
allow me just five minutes more.
TheSP'EAKER. The gentleman will proceed
if there is no objection. '
No objection being made,
Mr. STANTON proceeded. Whatever the
arrangement was, according to the testimony of
Triplett, it was an arrangement between Gilbert
and Welch, and the compensation was to go from
Gilbert to Welch. Now, Gilbert is sworn as a
witness for Welch. He denies the whole story
in toto, and says there was not the slightest sem-
blance of truth in it; that Welch was not to re-
ceive any compensation from him; and the only
escape from the force of that evidence is, that
Gilbert is not entitled to credit. In the name of
God, does this House, in a case between parties
engaged in the same infamous transaction, be-
tween Triplett and Gilbert—parties both of them
corrupt—mean to take the testimony of impres-
sion, of suspicion, of loose opinions, as conclu-
sive, and condemn this man to eternal infamy
and shame, and reject the testimony of the other,
because he happens to be in favor of the party ?
These are the reasons which will govern my
vote against this resolution. I know this is a
question of the last magnitude to the party; and
it he be what he may be, for anything which this
proof discloses, a man of unquestioned integrity,
a man ot honest name, a man who desires to hold
up his head and be recognized as a man amongst
men, then he must be acquitted of this charge
upon this floor; otherwise he is forever infamous
by the vote of this I-Iouse.
Air. DEAN obtained the floor.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. SEWARD. J appeal to the gentleman
from Connecticut to allow me the floor for a few
minutes—for not more than fifteen or twenty
minutes.
Mr. DEAN yielded the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, I propose the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the three resolutions:
Resolved, That theie ha^ been no sufficient evidence
elicited by die conimmuc having chaige ot' the subject, and
icpoited ro thi- Fluu-e jn the ca^'eof VVit.liam W. Welch,
a member thereof, and that no further proceedings shall be
had aganijit such member.
^ The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
Chair will entertain the proposition of the gentle-
man from Virginia as an amendment.
There was no objection.
Mr. SEWARD. I am glad that the gentleman
from Virginia introduced that resolution. I feel
that we are dealing here with something sacred.
The character of one of the members of the
House is put in issue. I cannot' say what I de-
sire to say in the time allowed to me under the
arrangement between the gentleman from Con-
necticut and myself; but I desire to propound one
question m dMvance to the committee which made
this report. I want to know from them, if in the
first direct examination, a solitary word was
uttered by any witness, going to impeach the
character of the member now on trial before the
House r
Mr. DAVI-S, of Maryland. Not the first day.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman says, i£ jNot
the first day." Now I propose to put another
question. While the Journal states that these
witnesses, Sweeney and Triplett, were recalled,
the record shows that they voluntarily sought to
come before the committee and make statements,
and explain what was inconsistent in their evi-
dence when they were first examined. Now, I
ask the committee whether Sweeney and Triplett
were sent for to be reexamined, or whether they
sought to be reexamined before the committee,
and whether or not the statement that they were
recalled was not a mistake? I impute nothing to
the committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not know
that I can go beyond the statement on the record;
