1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mt:
for I really have no distinct recollection on the
subject.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I ask the House to
look at Mr. Sweeney's testimony on page 60,
where the question was put to him directly,
whether he knew any member to have ever ex-
pressed to him the expectation that he would
receive any compensation for his vote on any
matter before the House, or his action in com-
mittee; and he answered the question unequivo-
cally, " No." That was in the direct examina-
tion. This same thing appears in respect to
Triplett on page 70, where almost the same ques-
tion was put to him in reference to the proposition
to give members other than Mr. Gilbert money,
and he answered equally emphatically,"" No."
Now I would not be squeamish about this mat-
ter; but where, by my vote, my own reputation
for integrity is at issue, I could not sit here and
vote to convict any member of the House on the
testimony of Sweeney and Triplett. Had it not
been for the confessions of the other members im-
plicated, I should not have given the votes which
I have given to-day. Sweeney, I think, stands
discredited before the country. And while Trip-
lett says he did not desire to deal with any mem-
ber, or to have any transaction with any member,
he uses the agent Sweeney, as he says, to do that
indirectly which he had not tlie courage to do
directly. I say that such a witness is not to be
believed by any tribunal, much less by an en-
lightened tribunal like this. And when I am
called upon to vote, and to answer from my con-
science, whether this man who stands accused
here is guilty, I am bound to say that I do not
see any substantial fact to lead to such a conclu-
sion, and ask the committee to point me to any
fact on which ne can be convicted, or showing
that Welch had any connection with this affair.
I pause for a reply.
Mr. ORR. If the gentleman will look at page
74—the second-answer from the bottom—I think
he will find something.
Mr. SEWARD. I am glad the gentleman from
South Carolina has called my attention to it. It
appears upon the reexamination of the witness,
made upon his own suggestion; not the slightest
allusionwas madethereto in the firstexamination,
but denied. Now, let us see:
" By Mr. Orr.—Will youstate any of these facts, or your
recollection of any of the conversations to which you re-
ferred ?
" Witness.—As I stated yesterday, we had conversations
about it, the tenor of which was based upon the idea ol' his
receiving a part of it; and f recollect that on one occasion
he asked me, in the event of their having to distribute more
money than they contemplated, whether I would not do
what was right, or something of that sort."
The witness on the second examination says
the tenor of the conversation was based upon the
idea of his receiving a part of it. A part of what?
The witness has already said Mr. Welch was
not advised of the terms agreed upon with Mr.
Gilbert. Then how could Welch know any-
thing about the distribution, not being informed
as to any contract with Gilbert. I am glad the
gentleman from South Carolina has called my
attention to it, because Triplett has stated over
and over again that he had no conversation with
any one except Sweeney and Gilbert about any
contract in reference to the passage of this book
resolution. Therefore I take it for granted that
this statement is too general, and is not to be
relied upon as a fact to fix on a man's reputation
the stain of dishonor, much less to convict him
of an act infamous in itself.
1 now propose to call the gentleman's attention
to M&. Triplett's testimony on page 71. I want
to show that his statements are not to be relied
on:
« By the Chairman.—Do you know that any other mem-
ber ot Congress expected to share m this money for which
you gave the order on the Clerk?
  Witness.—'To that I can answer, that there was another
member of Congress who, T am satisfied, expected to be
benefited, but he had no contract with we."
How did Triplett become satisfied that Mr.
"Welch expected to be benefited? Why did he
not say how he became satisfied, as "Welch had
no contract with him, and Gilbert swears he made
none with him ? #
Now, if ho had no conversation with Gilbert
and Welch when they were together, I want to
know what contract the gentleman is talking
about ?
He had no contract with Mr. Welch. He had
no contract with any person except Mr. Gilbert.
Now, if Mr. Welch had no contract with this
witness, who did he have a contract with ? The
witness does not know that he had any with Mr.
Gilbert, and there is no evidence that he had any
contract with Sweeney. Sir, to my mind, the
testimony of this witness shows that he came
back voluntarily before this committee with a pur-
pose, and that his testimony is not to be enter-
tained by any high-minded man.
" By the Chairman.—Do you know that any other mem-
ber expected to share thi3 money for which you gave an
order on the dak.'
u Witness.—To that I can answer that there was another
member of Congress who, I am satisfied, expected to be
benefited, but he had no contiact with me.
ie By the Chairman.—State how you became satisfied of
that fact.
u Witness.—I was satisfied from what he told me him-
self, that he expected to receivc something irom the passage
of the bill." *
Well, sir, what did the member tell him ? I
call upon the committee to state. When Triplett
says he was satisfied from what the member told
him, I want to know what it was that satisfied
the witness ? I want to know what the conver-
sation was, and then I can judge for myself as to
its effect? Sir, what was the fact stated? It
does not, in any legal tribunal in the land, rest in
the discretion of the witness to say that he was
satisfied of a fact, or that such were his impres-
sions. The law is, and justice requires, that he
shall state the facts, and let those to whom it be-
longs determine upon their truth or falsehood.
" By the Chairman.—State what was that conversation.
" Witness.—1 could not possibly state the teims of the
conversation.33
What, sir, a conversation about a contract for
a large sum of money—about the compensation
and corruption of a member of Congress, and
cannot possibly state the terms of that conversa-
tion ? Sir, I call upon this body to put the seal
of condemnation upon such evidence. No hon-
orable man would condemnanyperson upon such
evidence; and I would not, so long as I occupy a
seat upon this floor:
"By Mr. Warner.—State it to the best of your recollec-
tion ?
"Witness.—I must bo satisfied that the committee hag
the authority to make me give the name of the man before
I can consent to give it."
He was not asked to give the name of the man.
'"By Mr. Ritchie.—We first want to know what the con-
vert-ation was?
"Witness.—I had frequent conversations with him, and
he ha* been present wheie conversations oo-cuired between
Mi. Gilbert and myself. He has spoken to me about the
matter freely and confideniiahv, and I tiiink has told me
that he expected, in the event of the passage of the bill, to
receive compensation for it; in what precise language I
could not undeitakc to say."
Pie thinks! He thinks! Mark how he puts
it! Sir, such information would not be consid-
ered as evidence in any court of justice, and much
less should it be so considered in an honorable
body like this. Pie says they talked freely, and
yet he cannot state a solitary jact.
" By Mr. Ritchjc.—Aie you certain that he war. aware o
the arrangement with Mr. Giibeit?
" Witness.—Ho was aware that there was an arrange-
ment with Mi. Giibeit, though I do not know whether he
knew the specific terms; I do not think he did know the
terms.''
He does not say Welch was aware of the ar-
rangement between witness and Gilbert, but of j
an arrangement. Now, why not specify the at- j
rangbment ? [
Now, if Mr. Welch did not know the terms of t
the contract with Mr. Gilbert, I want to know i
how he could expect to have a-certain portion of
that contract?
[Plere the hammer fell.]
Mr. DEAN. I yield the gentleman as much
of my time as he wishes.
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman from Con-
necticut can stoj) me whenever he thinks proper.
<• By Mr. Warner.—How did that conversation onginate?
" Yfitness.—I could not possibly undertake to answer
how the first conversation oiigmated; there were many
conversations between us."
Could not tell how a conversation in reference
to a contract to corrupt a member of Congress
originated! Why, sir, there is not a schoolboy,
who makes an exchange of a'pocket-knife m
which ten cents is involved, that cannot tell how
the conversation originated.
" By Mr. Warner.—Did he say how many votes he could
control?
" Wtineis.—KedlSy I cannot possibly &ay« I never re-
garded it as very probable that my book would pass* and I
did not charge myself with these facts as I should other-
wise have done. I was actuated more by a desire to pre-
vent this other man from making the same arrangements
than I was of passing my book."
Did not charge his mind with facts that trans-
pired in the face of the statement that he had
drawn an order for §14,500 for the purpose of
corrupting another man ! But his mind fras not
charged with it because he did not expect that
his book would pass. Mr. Speaker, if he did not
expect his book would pass, why did he draw an
order for $14,500 to be paid when the resolution
had passed ? He did not charge his memory with
it; and upon such evidence as this we are called
upon to expel a member of this House!
" By Mr. Warner.—Did he say his influence could ope-
rate upon it in committee or in the House ?
" Witness.—Tt was in the House. He did not expect to
have any influence in any committee that J know of.
•l By Mr. Warner.—State, as near as you can, what he
did say to you in sonic of these conversations about these
matters, and what you said to him. You, of course, con-
vened freely.
u Witness.—It is impossible to recollect such fugitive
conversations."
Very fugitive, when they related to a contract
involving $14,500! He finals it impossible torec-
ollcct such fugitive conversations, yet upon these
fugitive conversations we are called upon to con-
sign the gentleman from Connecticut to infamy
—upon this fiery kind of testimony! I tell you,
Mr. Speaker, it will never do. While I am will-
ing to punish corruption, and to ferret out all the
wrongs of this Congress, I will never by my voice
respond " ay" to such a charge as this, upon such
evidence, in my opinion, testimony is entitled
to little consideration that rests on conversations
so fugitive, so indefinite, appearing to be so con-
tradictory, only giving impressions, reciting sus-
picions,giving conjectures, and based upon vague
ideas of xohat the witness thought, forming his
opinions upon his general idea of the reputation
of members of Congress.
The witness goes on further and says:
" T find it to be utteily impossible to recollect aii these
details."
Pie does not specify one. He says:
" I did suppose that I had this whole matter in my mind;
but I find myself unable to rocollccl many things that I did
not suppose I had foigotten."
Is not that beautiful testimony to affect an hon-
orable man? Pie finds it impossible to recollect
a good many things which he did not suppose he
would forget; but really he has forgotten them!
And the gentleman from Connecticut to be con-
victed, because this witness cannot recollect these
.details!
" By Mi. Wumcr.—From the conversation you had with
him, it was youi impulsion that you and he understood
each other perfectly m relation to this matter?"
That is a leading question, and I differ with my
honorable colleague in reference to the unwilling-
ness of this witness. He was unwilling, in the
innocence of his heart, to put himself in a bad
attitude before the country*, but (he whole testi-
mony shows that he was exceedingly willing to
convict somebody else. Let us see what he says
in reply to the question I have just read.
'' I thought I understood what his motive was"—
Is it not ridiculous that a witness should come
before a committee and say, " I thought I under-
stood what the motive of a member of Congress
was,"' withoutstating how that motive was ascer-
tained—what act was done to show that motive?
" I thought I understood what Ins motive was. though
my expectation and Mipp-iMrion were that the understanding
wa^ between him and Mi. Gilhoit, and that if he received
any compensation he was to receive it from Mr. Gilbert."
His expectation and supposition were that the
understanding was between Welch and Gilbert.
If he knew anything winch affected Mr. Welch,
could he not say so, in so many words? I would
not have the meanest scouudiel that ever disgraced
humanity convictcd on such evidence.
"By Mr. IFavicr.—How many conversations do you
think you had with him ?
u Witness.—It is impossible for me to state. I frequently
inquired, and was frequently inquired of, as to the prospect
of the passage of the book 33
In the preceding part of the testimony he says
that the resolution never passed. He says that
Welch and Gilbert were perfectly familiar with
the whole transaction. If so, they never would
have asked him such a question, in face of the
fact that there was no resolution pending.
u By Mr. Warner.—Did you have as many as a doxva
conversation;: with him ■
