1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
its moral force and character with the country,
and that it was preeminently our duty to do every-
thing that might be requisite to discover and pun-
ish the guilty; but, sir, I cannot think that hasty
conclusions, or indiscriminate punishment, will
tend, in the sober judgment 01 the country, to
reestablish that assaulted dignity. Precipitate
and unfair action will, it strikes me, only show a
morbid sensitiveness in the body at large, not
calculated to increase public confidence in its pu-
rity, and that the harm of the blow now struck
at it will be best repaired by deliberate action, and
by dealing with all these cases in a quiet and just
spirit. We ought not to be carried away by«any
feeling of vindictiveness into unjust condemna-
tion; for one case unfairly dealt with because of
such a spirit, will hurt more than it will heal.
These cnarges, even with the partial substantia-
tion they have received, do not make this House
of Representatives either undignified or dishonor-
able. In its thronged Hall, representing all classes
of society, all grades of position, all phases of
character, all sections of country, there may be
found a handful of men who lack moral princi-
ple and are willing to yield to temptation; but he
who assails the honor of all, because of the guilt
of the few, destroys the force of his slander by
the very scope of his charge.
Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, we have heard
four speeches on one side of this case, and I de-
sire to say a few words in reply to those efforts.
But, sir, I have no desire to trespass upon the
indulgence of the House at this hour in the even-
ing; and at the hazard of losing my right to the
floor, I would prefer that the House should ad-
journ.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama will not lose his right to the floor by the
adjournment oflhe House.
1 Mr. W A.LKER then (at a quarter before seven
o'clock) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WALKER. I have only a few woids to
say in this case. I have heard the arguments of
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Seward,] the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] the gen-
tleman from Maryland, [Mr. Harris,] and the
gentleman fiom Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] and the
great radical error into which they have, in my
opinion, fallen is this: They liken this proceed-
ing to a trial under indictment in a court of law,
and contend that the strict rules governing such
a tribunal must be our guides. Upon this i differ
with them. In my judgment, the usefulness of'
a legislator depends, not merely upon his being
innocent of crime, but that no act of his affords
a warrant for suspicion that he is influenced by
corrupt motives. Actual guilt is not necessary to
disqualify him for public trust. If there be prob-
able cause for questioning his integrity as a legis-
lator, he is unfit to be here. This, at any rate,
is the rule I have laid down for myself in these
" corruption" cases. From such a stand-point,
let us examine the cases under consideration.
Giving credence to both Sweeney and Tnplett,
no man can doubt Welch's complicity. But it is
said that Sweeney is discredited. Well, sir, at
this stage I am willing, for argument's sake, to
disregard the testimony of Sweeney, to pay no
heed to it, and to rest the case upon Tnplett's
evidence, and the answer of the accused member.
Before I take my seat,! may say something fur-
ther as to Sweeney. For the present, I shall
confine myself to Triplett's accusation, and the
defendant's denial. Tnplett's testimony concern-
ing Mr. Welch will be found in the report of the
committee, from pages 71 to 74, inclusive.
"Monday, January 19, 1857.
" P. F. C. Tnplett having been recalled, was permitted to
make the following explanatory statement:
" With reference to the question propounded to me by
Mr. Orr, i whether any conversation took place between
me and any other member ui which he eamc out and soli-
cited, or demanded, or required any pecuniary compensation
for voting?' 1 rle-Jiie to say that my answer is more strongly
worded than subsequent reflection has convinced me it
should be. I meant to confine myself, ami do confine my-
self, to a denial of any specific contract with any one else.
I would also state, mote specifically than I have done, that
I cannot undertake to say when or how the conveisation
between Mr. Gilbeitand myself upon my book aro?«. ft is
probable that when he was first introduced to me another
matter was the subject referred to. It was, however, a
matter over which Mr. Gilbert had nocontiol, and in which,
so far as I know-nothing was subsequently done.
<( By the Chairman.-—Do you know that any other mem-
ber of Congress expected to share m this money fbr which
you gave the order on the Clerk?
" Witness.—To that I can answer that there was another
member of Congress who, I am satisfied, expected to be
benefited, but he had no contract with me.
" By the Chairman.—State how you became satisfied of
that fact.
" Witness—I was satisfied from what he told me him-
self, that he expected to receive something from the pas-
sage of that bill. What it was I do not know. I never
agreed to pay him anything.
" By the Chairman.—State what was that conversation.
" Witness.—I could not possibly ^tate the terms of the
conversation.
" By Mr. Warner.—State it to the best of your recollec-
tion.
" Witness.—I must be satisfied that the committee has
the authority to make me give the name of the man before
I can consent to give it.
"By Mr. Ritchie.—We first want to know what the con-
versation was.
" Witness.—X had frequent conversations with him; and
he has been present where conversations occuned between
Mr. Gilbeit and myself. He has spoken to me about the
matter freely and confidentially; and I think has told me
that he expected, in the event of the passage of the bill, to
receive compensation for it, in what precisc language X
could not undertake to say.
" By Mr. Ritchie.—Are you eertatn that he was aware
of the arrangement with Mr. Gilbert?
" Witness.—He was aware that there was an airangement
with Mr. Gilbert, though I'Sfo not know whether he knew
the specific terms; I do not think lie did know the terms.
By Mr. Warner.—How did that conversation origin-
ate ?
" Witness.—I could not possibly undertake to answer
how the first conversation originated ; there were many
conversations between us.
" By Mr. Jfamcr.—Conversation? in relation to this
transaction?
" Witness.—Yes, sir; in relation to the book.
" By Mr. Warner. -State what he said, as nearly as jou
can recoDcct, and what you said to him about it?
" Witness.—X cannot state any more than that all the con-
versations left no doubt upon my mind that he expected to
be compensated foi the labois which ho intended to per-
form in the case.
" By Mr- Warner.—Did he state to you what service he
could iendei ?
" Witness.—He expected to use his influence m secunng
vote?.
'• By Mr. Warner.—Did he say how many votes he could
contiol?
" Witness.—Really I cannot possibly sav; X never regai (led
it a> very piohable that iny book would pass, and I did not
eiuuge nn.self with thcbe facts., as I should othciwi^e have
done. 1 vvn^ netiiiitod more by a desire to prevent this other
man from making the same arrangements, than X was of
parsing my book.
il By Mr. Warner.—Did he say hi* influence could oper-
ate upon ltm committee or in the IXouse?
Witness.—It was in the House. He did not expect to
have any influence in any committee, that I know of.
By Mr Warner.—Htato, as near as you can, what he
did say to you tn some of these conversations about these
matters, and what you said to lnm. You, of course, con-
versed freely.
'' Witness.—It is impossible to recollect such fugitive con-
versations ; but there was no doubt upon my mind that the
party expected to have an interest in the matter. X find it
to be utteily impossible to recollect all the«e details T did
suppose that I had this whole matter in my mind, but I find
myself unable to lecollect many things, that X did not sup-
po>e I had forgotten.
<- By Mr. Warner.—From the conversation you had with
him, it was your impression that you and he understood
eaen other peifectlvin relation to this matter?
Witness.—I thought X understood what his motive was,
though my expectation and supposition were that the undei-
standing was between him and Mr. Gilbeit, and that if he
received any compensation he was to rcceive it from Mr.
Gilbert
"Bu Mr. Warner.—How many conversations do you think
you had with him ?
"Witness.-It is impossible foi me to state. I frequently
mquued and was frequently mquned of, as to the pio&pect
of the passage of the book.
"By Mr. Warner.—Did you have as many as a dozen
conversations with him ?
"Witness.—1 think I did ; not,of course, mentioning any-
thing about compensationinall of them.
"By Mr. Warner.—Who sought these convocations—
vou or he ?
'•Witness.—Sometime* one. and sometimes the. othei.
"By Mr. Warner.—Did he'state to you in any of these
conveisation- the amount he expected to leceive?
" Wetness.—I do not think he ever stated to me the amount
he expected to receive.
"By Mr. Warner.—What did he say to you about his
expectation of being benefited by it?
Witness.—My imptesston is, and I give it s-imply as an
impression, that'the lir.-T convention that occuned be-
tween us upon the subject was in the room, or at least m
the presence of Mr GiSbcit. Whether 1 had been told be-
foichand, oi whethei X then hcaid that he was to be the
recipient of a poiuon of the money, X cannot say ; but ftom
the convention ihat occurred between us. I should have
drawn the deduction that he had some interestin it. I think
probably that lie asked me what amount haa been agreed on
with .Mr. Gilbeit; bur, these are matters m which I cannot j
undertake to be accurate. ■
"By Mr. Watner.—You, of course, told him the amount j
that had been agieed on r I
"Witnes* —J do not know thai I did tell lnm the exact ,
amount. I think it very likely that 1 told him that it was
up to a certain amount, without informing Imn accuiatuly
about it, because 1 eupprwd that if he was to get any com
pensation, he was to get it from Mr. Gilbert, ami that they
would make their arrangements together.
"By Mr. Warner.—You nu> going on to state what he
said to you of the amount he expected to receive ?
" Witness.—I do not know what he expected to receive,
"By Mr. Orr.—Did he expect to receive anything?
<( Witness.—1 have no doubt he did.
"By Mr. Orr.—Why? *
"Witness.—Prom the conversation that took place be-
tween us. It may be possible that he told me what he ex-
pected to receive. I had no doubt, at the time, that he did
expect to receive something. I think he asked me what I
could do m certain quarters. J told him that I could not do
anything in that way; that X had some friends who would
support my book, and who were, of course, desirous to sup-
port my interest. I think that he, as well as other parties,
had counted up the assistance they were able to render,
and wanted to know what assistance X could expect from
my friends.
c< By Mr. Orr.—When you talked to him as if it was fixed
in your mind that he was to receive acompensation, did he.
seem to talk as if he understood the fact?
" Witness.—1 have stated as definitely as I am able to state
what occurred in these conversions. There was no hes
itancy about the matter. X thinlett was understood by both
paities that it was expected he would receive some com-
pensation. I do not thmk I ever heard Mr. Gilbert say
what amount he intended togive him. I suppose it is under-
stood, that in most of these frequent conversations there
was no reference to any pecuniary transaction at all; but
simply, the thing being understood between us, they would
ask mc if I had seen certain parties who 1 expected tosup-
poit me, and how much suppoit I could rely on outside of
these .appliances. X do not think that X knew personally a
member of Congress that I could approach in that way if I
had desired, and I certainly should not have desired to make
any such appioaches to a member.
"By Mr. Warner.—Did you hold these conversations
with more than one member of Congress besides Mr. Gil-
bert?
" Witness.—No, sir.
"By Mr. WarnerM$Vill you state the name of that
member? ^
" Witness—That Is a question to which f do not think
the committee have a right, under the circumstances, to
exact an answer from me. If I had made a bargain with
him myself, of euurs-e I could be compelled to answer. I
had no doubt, from the conversations I held with him, that
he expected to receive compensation ; but I had no cer-
tamtv of it.
" By Mr. Ritchie.—You say, in the first place, that you
had no doubt, and in the same statement that you had no
ceitamty. Aie you certain that he did expect to receive
some amount ?
" JFifncss —I feel perfectly well convinced thathe did. 1
would not say that he did not tell me that he expected to
receive some amount, nor could X say positively that he
did.
" The committee, upon consultation, decided that the
witness was required to answer the question. The witness
declined to answer, and was. allowed to retire for the pres-
ent.•
" Tuesday, January20,1857.
" F. F. C. Tiiplett, having been recalled, made the follow-
ing .statement, explanatoiy of a question put to him yestor-
dav:
" Upon further reflection. I recollect conversations and
facts winch put it beyond a doubt, in my mind, that the
tiK-uibcr .-it whom I ppoke expected to receive a portion of
the coiinuct about winch I have been epeaking.
" By Mr. Oir.—Will you state any of these facts, or your
recollection of any of the conversations to which you re-
feired?
Witness.—As I stated yesterday, we had conversations
about it, the tenor ot which was based upon the idea of his
receiving a .part of it; and I recollect that on one occasion
he asked me, m the event of their bftvingtodMributemore
money than they contemplated, whether I would m>t do
what w,h right, or something of that sort.
*  Bv Mr. Orr —What was the name ot that member?
Witness.—Dr. Welch, of Connecticut. One more expla-
nation ofmyformei testimony. The contract about which
I have been speaking, in reference to that book, in my ap-
piehension, and as I suppose was shown by the date of the
conn act, teimmated with the first session of this Con-
gress ''
What telling force there is in this! The wit-
ness swears " that there was another member of
Congress (besides Gilbert) who I am satisfied
expected to be benefited;" and " that 1 am satis-
fied from what he told me himself that he ex-
pected to receive something from the passage of
the bill." "I had frequent conversations with
him, and he has been present when conversations
occurred between Mr. Gilbeit and myself. He
has spoken to me about the matter freely and
confidentially, and I think has told me that he
expected, in the event of the passage of the bill,
to receive compensation for it; in what precise
language I could not undertake to say." (l FJe
was aware that there was an arrangement with
Mr. Gilbert, though I do not know whether he
knew the specific terms," &c. "I had no doubt
at the time that he did expect to receive some-
thing." Here we have the account of repeated
conversations between these parties; both avoid-
ing making m express terms an illegal contract,
yet the member showing his readiness to vote for
a consideraiion.
Sir, is all this consistent with the idea of inno-
cence ? Could all these things have been said and
done, and yet cast no cloud upon the member
from Connecticut? Repeated conversations are
held between the parties. They steer clear of
making in express terms an illegal contract, yet
