§m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
member leaving no room to .doubt his readi-
ness to receive a pecuniary-consideration for his
vote. A corrupt proportion is not directly made
to him; but the conclusion is inevitable that he
expected to be remunerated for his services in
pushing Triplett's book through.
Mr. AVelch's answer does not relieve him.
Ris denial cannot justify us disbelieving Triplett.
f& admits that he frequently talked with Triplett
about the book. lie mast have known that Trip-
lett considered him as pliant. And he again and
again talks with him.
Mr. Speaker, when a member of Congress is
so lost to the high and delicate responsibility of
his position, so forgetful of his own personal dig-
nity, as to allow an^man to approach him in
that manner, he not only deserves to be expelled,
but if I could have my way I would have him
kicked by the Sergeant-at-Arms from the bar of
the House out of the door. Sir, I speak plain
language. I do not know Mr. Wclch. If he
were to rise in his place now, I should not be able
to recognize him as a member of the House; but,
sir, I mean to be true to myself, and at all hazards,
to stigmatize such conduct as it deserves.
It is said we cannot try this man; that because
his guilt is not established by the ordinary rules
of law, we should discharge him. To this I can-
not assent.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia.^ desire to know
whether the gentleman stated just now—I was
tlot listening—that Mr. Welch received a corrupt
proposition from Mr. Triplett or anybody else ?
Mr. WALKER. I said no such thing. I said
simply this: that on his own answer he conferred
with Triplett on this book resolution under cir-
cumstances justifying the belief that he was in-
fluenced by corrupt motives; and when you con-
nect his case with that of Mr. Gilbert 
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. I ask the gentleman
to let the Clerk read Mr. Welch's statement;
which will, 1 think, stand in the faco of God and
the country without exception.
Mr. WALKER. Let it bo read.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the 1nvcstigtdiwr Committee of the Ilouso of Rerrresent-
atucs.
A.* a member of the Committee on Invalid Peinionn, the
papers on the application of Roxana Kunliall wore retired
to me lor examination. Tins was known to Mr. Swecnev,
who spoke to mo i-evoial tunes about it. In .substance,1
told him I thought it a meritorious claim, and .should express
that opinion to the committee ; and if approved, should
report U favorably as soon as t had an nppoitumty. I after-
wards reported it to the liou^e upon its merits only. 1
Utterly deny that I ower stated to the witness Sweeney, or
to any other pei?on,fBat it might he nccessaiy to u^c anv
smn of money whatever for the procuring of such report."
In respect to the testimony of the witness Triplett, the
facts are as follows.
At last ^,on of Congress he (Tiiplett) informed
me h#Tiad compiled a book upon the pension law^, and that
another person, named Bennett, had gotten upn rival woik,
which was made up pnncipally from his (Tripiett's) woik.
I behoved, irom his. statements, that Dennett was attempt-
ing a great and tiaud upon him, m attempting to get
a resolution adopted to purchase his (Bennett'^) hook He
(Triplett) exhibited to me a copy of his book, which I ex-
amined and believed to be useful for distribution throughout
the eountiy. Kelt interested m his success, for the leasons
I have Ihusindicated, and should have voted for a resolution
to purchase hubook. if apioposinon to that effect had come
before the IIou^c. But £ unqualifiedly deny that I hail any
knowledge that any contract or understanding existed be-
tween Triplett and any other poison, wheieby any pecu-
niary consideration was to be paid to myself or any poison,
in the event of the passage of Mich a isolation. I never
understood,from Triplett or any other person, that myself
or any other member of Congress would receive any pecu-
niary ^benefit tiom u whenever. No language used by me to
Mr. Ti iplett could have ju-tly implied such a thing, what-
ever construction he might have put upon it—for t icpeat,
no Mich thing was m niv uund. J had several con vei sat ions
will) him upon the subject of liw book, and no doubt ex-
pressed wb:it f ielt—a desire that he might bo remunerated
for hts labor, and that hn book might be purchased lor dis-
tubution ; but nothing was further from iny unnd than any
corrupt bargain or understanding with respect to it.
WILLIAM VV. WELCH.
yv ashington, February 4. 1857.
Mr. WALKER. What is this answer ? It is
a denial of what Triplett did not allege, rather
than uf what he did allege. It is an avoidance,
not a flu t contradiction. I send to the Clerk to
be read a question and answer on page 74 of the
record.
The Clerk read as follows:
" By Mr, Otr.—Will you state any of these facts, or your
recollection of any of the conversations to winch you re-
ferred ?
4k JVitnesi —As I stared yesterday, we had conversations
about it, the tenor of which was bas-ed upon the idea of his
receiving a pait of it; andj recollect that on one occasion
he airkwd mo, m the evdrit of their having to distribute more
money than they had contemplated, whether I would not
do what wa's right, or something of that sort."
Mr. WALKER. I submit to the House
whether, when we connect the statement of Mr.
Welch with the answer which the Clerk has read,
one fact is not made manifest? That fact is, that
Welch admits he had conversations over and
over again with Triplett about this proposition
as to the purchase of his book.
It is true, that in the answers of Triplett on page
74 he does not employ the language known to
courts of law as direct and positive proof. He
does notsay: " I know this to be the fact;" but " 1
think and believe it to be the fact." This morning
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] argued
this case, and rather assailed the committee be-
cause they had sought the " impressions" of these
witnesses. He alleged that this was against the
great fundamental rules of evidence. In reply to
that, I ask the gentleman, as a lawyer, to rise in
his place and stale whether or not cases do not
arise, over and over again, in our courts, where
imjyrcssions are all essential to the ascertainment
of truth? To illustrate: A conversation between
parties is inquired of. The witness is placed upon
the stand and interrogated in regard to it. He is
asked to repeat the conversation; to state the time,
place, and the number of persons present. He
says: " The factoccurred, but I cannotdistinctly
remember when it occurred, the hour, or the day;
and though I tax ray memory I cannot fix the
exact number of persons present nor the precise
language used." We all, as lawyers, know that
in such a case as that it is always allowed to ask
the witness: " What then is your best recollec-
tion 5 What is your impression in regard to the
fact ?" The courts have always held, unless I am
greatly mistaken, (and 1 have had no small ex-
perience.) that such questions were allowable.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I desire to ask whether
this is not the rule of evidence: that presumptions
are never to be received in evidence only on facts
which the witness distinctly remembers?
Mr. WALKER. The gentleman takes my
position, only he puts it in different language. I
say that the testimony of Triplett, coupled with
the testimony of Welch, establishes certain facts—
the fact that conversations were held. Conver-
sations with whom? Conversations concerning
what ? This very book resolution in which Trip-
lett was concerned, and the passage of which was
so much desired.
Mr. ORR. Will the gentleman from Alabama
allow me to interrupt him? I call his attention
to this question and answer:
"By Mr.'Orr.—If there was any conversation that toolc
place between you and any other member in which be
came out and solicited, or demanded, or required any pecu-
niary compensation lor voting for a proposition, it will be
proper to ttate it If it was simply a conversation where
you denired to impress a member of Congress with rho pro-
puety of' voting lor it, and there was nothing indicating
that he expected to receive, or you to give, anything, it is
unnecessaiy to etatc it.
<k Witness.—I had conversations with various member?,
but there was no other conversation, so far as T can rccol-
lect, vvheie there was any such understanding. Ato loose
talk and suggestions, f cannot undertnke to answer for
them. There was nothing approaching a contract with
anybody ebe."
Mr. WALKER. I thank the gentleman for
directing my attention to this question and answer.
They show the discretion of the committee, and
the scrupulous care of the witness. The com-
mittee were not asking for vague conjectures and
suimises. The witness says: <{ As to loose talk
and suggestions, I cannot undertake to answer for
them." He does not attempt to repeat "loose
talk" between himself and Welch, but he enables
us to discover what Welch was after. He swears
that ''we (Welch and himself) had conversations
about it, the tenor of which was based upon the
| idea of his (Welch) receiving a part of it; and I
' recollect that on one occasion he asked me, in the
event of their having to distribute more money
than they had contemplated, whether I would not
do what was right, or something of that sort."
pan there be any doubt as to the meaning of
this? Doesit not establish the "fact" that Welch
knew of the understanding with Gilbert, and ex-
pected to profit by it? And yet we are told that
there is not sufficient proof to justify us in con-
demning him; that there are doubts of his guilt,
and that, according to the rules of law, he is en-
titled to an acquittal.
This ground wag taken by the friends of the
accused parties, when the committee's report was
first read; and my friend from Georgia [Mr. Sew-
ard] has warmly and earnestly pressed the posi-
tion in behalf of Mr. Welch. In doing so, he,
in my judgment, wrongs himself and the country
in asserting that this case should be tried by the
strict and rigid rules of law courts. There is the
issue I make with him. I ask him whether, upon
this record, upon the answer of Mr. Welch and
the testimony of Triplett, he considers the Gentle-
man from Connecticut as entirely clear and with-
out stain ?
NXr. SEWARD. Do you not consider it so 5
 . WALKER. I do not.
Mr. SAVAGE. I rise to a question of order.
I should be very glad to^ubmit to this cross-ex-
amination, but I feel deeply interested in getting
through this trial for the purpose of getting up
an important bill for the benefit of the soldiers,
and I must object to this kind of guerilla warfare.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is entitled to the floor without interruption.
Mr. WALKER. The only point I make In
the whole case is that, in my judgment, where any
member of this House has shown a readiness to
barter his vote for his own profit, the House owes
it to itself, in vindication of its own character,
to the public morals, and the purity of legisla-.
tion, to drive that member from the seat he dis-
honors.
Mr. Speaker, I take no pleasure in urging the
adoption of the resolutions reported by the com-
mittee. I would do no wrong to any of the par-
ties charged. If I had the warrant of my judg-
ment, I would gladly give a vote to acquit them;
hut, sir, nftcr a careful and even painful examin-
ation of the testimony taken by your committee,
I cannot do so. The course taken by the accused
should and must damage them. Look at it. Wit-
nesses are examined by the committee, and under
the solemnity of an oath make statements impli-
cating certain members; the accused are immedi-
ately informed of what that testimony is, and
assured by the chairman of the committee that
they shall'have their right to be confronted by the
witnesses, to cross-examine them; but, instead of
availing themselves of that offer, they assail the
committee, and put in the poor, miserable, cow-
ardly plea to their jurisdiction, and afterwards
come into this House and assail the integrity of
every member on this floor who chooses to record
his vote against them. I say, sir, there is ground
for every man to doubt their innocence. It seems
to me that a pure man — one who is unjustly
accused—one whose own heart assures him of
his innocence, and that the verdict of his peers
cannot possibly he ngainst him — would never
dream of technicalities. He would at once have
gone before the committee and confronted his
accusers face to face.
But, sir, how is it now ? No one has dared to
question the individual honor of the committee.
They had to act upon statements of a general
character; and in the progress of their investiga-
tions, disclosures were made involving members
on this floor. Well, the complaint is made here
that the very moment a member's name was men-
tioned, he should have been informed of it, brought
before the committee, and allowed to confront his
accusing witnesses. Why, sir, see how prepos-
terous all this is. Look at the cases of Gilbert,
Matteson, and Welch. The witnesses were all
reluctant. Their examination was a coercive,
thumb-screw process to extract the truth. The
very momentthat the evidence was strong enough
to involve the idea even of doubt against the ac-
cuscd member, that moment the committee ap-
prised him of the fact, and invited him to appear
before them, giving him the right of recalling the
witnesses, and interrogating them face to face.
Not one took advantage of it. Every one refused.
In Welch's case, his name was not disclosed by
Triplett until at the close of his examination.
The committee did not invite him to be present
before his name was disclosed, because it was not
until then they heard of his complicity.
Now, sir, there has been no impeachment of
the testimony of Triplett. There are certain rules
by which evidence can be impeached in a court
of law. The one is by the manner of the exam-
ination, by the bearing and deportment of the
witness, by the inconsistencies of the testimony,
and by the improbability of his story. The other
is by direct evidence, through other witnesses,
