1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOS£.
a's to his veracity. This was done in the case of
Sweeney. In that case sixteen or seventeen wit-
nesses were examined. Nine of them were against
him; eight in his favor. And, if I remember
rightly, four out of the accusing witnesses were
unable to testify against him. Your doorkeeper
and others came forward and said that they could
not answer the question as to his veracity, be-
cause they had never heard him spoken of as to
his veracity. This must be regarded as in his
favor, for if a man's character fortruth and vera-
city was never made a subject of comment, the
inference is that he is above suspicion. The other
testimony on this point was conflicting, and there-
fore the effort at impeachment failed.
As to Triplett, no attempt has been made,
either before the committee or in the House, to
question his veracity or to impeach his general
character. The entire Kentucky delegation has
arisen on this floor and given him a most em-
phatic indorsement as to his being a gentleman.
That, coupled with the fact that he states that
he'had despaired of making anything out of that
book resolution himself, and that his chief motive
Was to prevent a possible wrong by Congress in
awarding to another person the profits of las men-
tal labors and researches, seems to me to place
hisevidence beyond cavil or dispute. Well, what
does he say ? He says he made no specific con-
tract with Mr. Gilbert about this book resolution,
but signed an order on your Clerk to pay Swee-
ney $14,500; and he had 110 doubt that Mr. Gil-
bert was to be the chief beneficiary of that draft.
When he comes to Welch he says: " I had con-
versations over and over again, some at my in-
stance, some at his. I have no doubt that he was
cognizant of the arrangement with Mr. Gilbert,
and that he was to be a party benefited by that
arrangement." Triplett says that Welch asked
him would ho do what was right in the event of
getting more money than they expected ?
Now, sir, it is a very poor and miserable answer
to all this that the resolution never was brought
forward in this House. It is like the Matteson
case. Perhaps the delay was owing to the lack of
definiteness m respect to the contract on the part
of Triplett. Perhaps, had the offer been more
satisfactory, if the money had been paid down,
or the conclusion that the money would be forth-
coming had been more certain, the resolution
would have found its way into this House.
Now, sir, what have we against this, to say at
least, strong inferential evidence ' Nothing but
the answers of the accused. Gilbert and Welch
went before the committee and made statements.
They became witnesses for each other. Flow-
ever willing I may be to shield them, I am con-
strained not to allow their statements to set aside
Triplett's evidence. They were arraigned on the
same charge, and for mutual safety were bound
to support cach other.
But, sir, I will notproceed further in argument.
I would have preferred simply to cast my vote,
and should have said nothing but for the charac-
ter of the speeches made on the other side, and
the action of the House in Gilbert's case. I con-
fess that I was surprised at the motion of my
friend from South Carolina [Mr. Orr] this morn-
ing, to lay the resolutions on the table in that case.
I regretted it, because in that ho placed himself,
the committee, and the House, in a false position.
I say this, and I give it as another reason why I
shall feel constrained to vote against Dr. Welch. In
myjudgment William A. Gilbert, by our action to-
day, stands most unjustly acquitted of the charges
made against him. The committee came in here
with certain charges and resolutions against Mr.
Gilbert. A motion to lay those resolutions on the
table was made by a member of the committee,
and the House sustained the motion against my
vote. I think that when that committee came in
here with those grave charges against that mem-
ber, proposing to expel him from his seat upon
this floor, and, in his own language, stigmatizing
him now and for all time, by the action of the
House wc did what was tantamount to a with-
drawal of those charges, while ho is placed by the
testimony in the position of a member swayed by
corrupt motives. I may be mistaken in ail this,
but tliatis my judgment of our action in that case.
I have examined the record carefully in each
one of these cages, and I think that unless this
House has been led astray by false reasoning,'
there would have been in every one of these cases
a straight-forward, unbroken action. Whether
these parties are actually guilty, the recorded
proof covers them with suspicion; and if the House
were mindful of its own dignity, each and all of
the accused should be ejected from their seats.
But, sir, after all, it may be a small matter what
the action of this House is. Outside of these
walls the popular instincts will award the proper
judgment, and that will be one of condemnation
upon those whose conduct has shocked the moral
sense of the country.
Now, sir, I have spoken without arrangement
and incoherently, and perhaps the best apology
I can make the House is to move the previous
question, unless the member from Connecticut
desires to be heard.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I desire to speak
in defense of the gentleman from Connecticut, and
in reply to the speech of my colleague.
Mr. WALKER. I move th<s previous ques-
tion, and cannot withdraw it unless the gentleman
from Connecticut wishes to be heard, or requests
some member of the House to answer for him.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I make a personal
appeal to my colleague to withdraw his demand
for the previous question.
Mr. RUFFIN. I object to all personal appeals.
Mr. WALKER. If my colleague makes a
personal appeal to me I will withdraw the demand
for the previous question and yield him the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I
thank my colleague for yielding me the floor. I
am not willing to sit here and let the doctrines
he has just enunciated pass uncontradicted, not
because they come from him, but I should feel it
equally my duty to protest against them if they
came from any other man. I understand my
honorable colleague to lay down the proposition
that every member here should be free from sus-
picion, and if not free from suspicion, should be
expelled.
Mr. WALKER. Will my colleague allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. Certainly; I will
yield to my colleague.
Mr. SAVAGE. I make the point of order
against the gentleman.
Mr. WALKER. Will my friend from Ten-
nessee withdraw it for a moment? I am placed
in a false position.
Mr. SAVAGE. I cannot.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. My colleague will
understand that I was perfectly willing to hear
his explanation; but his explanation could make
no difference with reference to the substance of
his remarks. There can be no doubt that he laid
down this position, that a member of Congress
ought to be free from suspicion, and that, if
charged with ail offense, and he could not show
that he was free from suspicion, ho ought to be
expelled.
Now, sir, this is the very reverse of the true
rule of evidence as administered in all the courts
of justice. When a man is brought before the
courts of the country to be tried for any criminal
offense, even for the stealing of a penknife, he is
entitled to a jury, solemnly sworn to decide his
case upon the evidence; and the jury is bound to
be convinced, beyond a reasonable doubt, of his
guilt, before they can so declare; and in weighing
the testimony the jury are not only bound, but
are always instructed by the judge, that if they
entertain reasonable doubts of his guilt, they
should acquit him. They are admonished to dis-
card suspicions, and to decide upon facts clearly
defined and well understood, bo, sir, I think
that a member of Congress is at least entitled to
as full and fair a chance for his character as a
knife-stealer is for his back. [Laughter.]
The gentleman says that a man to be entitled
to a seat here should be free from suspicion.
What is suspicion? Suppose, sir, that my hon-
orable colleague, as is true, has in his district
some five.thousand voters against him, and who
opposed his election with more or less energy and
hostility. Will he or any other man tell me that
a minority of five tfiousand in a district are not
able to generate a suspicion ? Will any member
here contend, in his own case, that the five thou-
sand voters who opposed his election, under all
the various devices of political chicanery, whether
legitimate in politics, or honest in morality, were
not able to cast suspicion in some shape or other
on him, and not only suspicion, bat to pile up on
his devoted head, mountain high, the. clouds of*
obloquy ? Does no'lj^ery man know how easily
political opposition assumes personal hatred?
That he who opposes you to-day, merely be-
cause of a difference of an opinion, may to mor-
row feel against you all the concentrated hostility
of a disappointed and defeated man. Triumph,
and success always leave behind them revenge-,,
vindictiveness, and malice. And will you still teil
me, sir, that a politician is to be above suspicion?
If a politician is to be judged by those harsh and
delicate rules which are said to be necessary in
prescribing the confined circle of a woman's chas~
tity, he would hardly be able to pass unscathed.-
You say that a woman ought to be above sus-
picion. That is a popular fallacy, taken from the
heartless cdict of the imperious and ungrateful
Cassar, who, assuming that he was better than all
other men, assumed at the same time that his wife
should be better than all other women; and who.
laid down the base rule, that he had a right to put
away his wife even for suspicion! " Ceesar's
wife must not only be pure, but must be abova
suspicion!" Sir, the husband who should admit
that his wife was pure, and at the same time con-
tend that ho had a right to put her away becausw
some imp of darkness had breathed or engen-*
dered a suspicion against her, should be pro-
nounced by all right-minded men as a wretch,,
ungrateful, base, and dishonorable. It might suit
the morality of Caisar, and come up to the high
standard of Roman connubials; but I, for one,
would not choose to be a Roman. What would
be the effect of such a rule but to place the best,
and purest at the mercy of the lowest and basest?"
Suspicion is the brood of darkness. Who will'
say he is free from it ? Who so pure as to escape
its shafts—those arrows which, winged with the
shadows of the night, pierce the character and.
draw no blood, but leave the poisoned arrow-
head in the wound to do its slow but sure de-
struction ?
I reject, then, sir, this popular fallacy of Roman
virtue, and prefer to follow the example of th<*
honest American yeoman, who, instead of putting
his wife away for the gratification of the. base-'
scandal-monger, would take a stick as big as his
arm, and beat out the brains of the slanderer.
There is a story in the Bible, Mr. Speaker, full
of sweetness and simplicity, which illustrates the
suggestions I have made on this famous text of
Caesar. It is an incident in the history of Ruth,
the beautiful widow, whose whole life was a con-
tinuation of events full of heroic fortitude and
perseverance. When she found, by the advice of
Naomi, her wise mother-in-law, that by the pecu-
liar laws of the age and country, the great lord,
Boaz, was bound to take her as his wife, she at
first appeared at his harvest, and, as a poor
gleaner of the fields, caught his attention by her
beauty; for, as Sterne says: " Grace and beauty
beget inclinations to love at first sight." Still
following the advice of her mother-in-law, even in
the night time she sought the sleeping apartment
of Boaz; and removing the covering from his feet
as he slept, lay down with him:
"And it came to pass at midnight, that the man was
afraid, and turned himself; and, behold, a woman lay at
his feet. And he said, Who art thou ? And she answered,
I am Ruth thine handmaid; spiead therefore thyskiit over
thine handmaid."—Ruth, chap. 3.
Now, sir, I think here is a case of suspirion
Nay, sir, not only of suspicion, but of" confirm-
ation strong as proof of Holy Writ"-—yet there,
was no guilt meant — no guilt thought of. She
became the wife of Boaz; she became the grand-
mother of David, the King of Israel, and through
her illustrious lineage is traced the Savxoue of
mankind. But in these days of ours, when sus-
picion is to convict, woe be to the widow who
shall do likewise!
You talk about politicians being above suspi-
cion! Sir,I should like to see/AaiarticTe. Tliebest
and wisest in all ages of the world have been the
sport of calumny and suspicion. Themistocle3
the Athenian, and Aristides the Just, Cimon,
Solon, Lycurgus, and nearly all the great hosts
of illustrious ancients were at some time of their
lives crushed or banished for suspicion. The
ostracism of antiquity required nothing but sus-
picion. Old Socrates died by poison for suspi-
cion. These are some of .the martyrs of suspicion,
and a just posterity does honor to the injured,
and spurns thejniquity of these judgments, God
