$44
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
February 27.
save me as a politician, and all my friends as pol-
iticians, from a verdict built upon suspicion !
Sir, before I was a politician, I used to hear
much about Clay and Webster, those idols of this
age—those illustrious man-marks in the nation's
glory — those posterity-peers of Demosthenes
and Cato. I used to hear, and see it in the news-
papers j that they received money ir( great piles
and heaps from their friends to pay their debts;
that the banks and the factories kept them in pay,
and that every speech was followed with great
■wheelbarrows full of gold ! I guess that some
of our friends in this House have heard similar
stories. .Certainly, Mr. Speaker, this squinted a
little of suspicion ! But who ever dared to say,
or what just man, not heeding these tales, ever
thought, that for such suspicions these illustrious
men ought to have been kicked out of Congress ?
Yet, sir, suspicion — however unjust, however
ungrateful — has followed these men, not only
while living, but it hovers, with its black wings,
over their graves! Did not half the politicians
of the Union, blinded by party zeal, at one time
give currency to the charge that Henry Clay
received the office of Secretary of State from Mr.
Adams under a corrupt bargain? Not only has
it been the fate of great men I have named to
have suffered in lf^p&nd in death by the odium
of suspicion, but the greatest oration which we
find in the annals of the world was delivered by
the orator (Demosthenes on the Crown) to vindi-
cate himself from suspicion.
I know, Mr. Speaker, something of the -pas-
sions of men, as well as of women. I know
something of the little tricks and strategies that
raise bad men above good men. I know some-
thing of the inducements that lift men up and
sink men down. And I know that the man who
can throw his coat back, and put his hand upon
an upright and uncorrupted heart, with all the
obloquy of the world resting upon him, will be
at last triumphant. "Who is there here to-night,
after having passed through his political initia-
tion and apprenticeship, that has notbeen crushed
down, at some time, by the force and power of
his enemies? I can speak for one who has been
borne down to the earth, with the dust of a trium-
phant competitor flashing in his face-e-who has
been covered with clouds that no other man could
see through, but whoso, undimmed eyes could
pierce the gloom, and feed themselves upon the
everlasting sun of justice and truth.
I wish to say that, so far as the gentleman is
concerned who is upon trial, I never until this
day knew him. It may seem singular that for
two years nearly I have sat in this House with
gentlemen whom I do not know. Yet it is never-
theless true.
But, Mr. Speaker, what is the excuse, in this
case, for reversing all the rules of evidence—rules
which have been perflated, not in an hour, not in
a day, not in a month, not in a year; but rules
which have been perfected by the labor of the
most enlightened lawyers for centuries past, and
by the experience of the judicial tribunals from.
the beginning of the English constitution, and the
courts which have been established under it?
I ask where is tire fairness, where the propri-
ety, and where the honesty of trampling all these
rules under foot now, for the sake of crushing out
a man against whom there is absolutely nothing
out idle rumors of suspicion? What is rumor?
. What is innuendo ? lake a roan under a tree in
a fence-corner, and if he be inclined to cover your
neighbor with suspicion, howeasily he can whis-
per you a hint, and then it is all done ! And you
look mysteriously cold at your neighbor the next
time you meet, and hardly know yourself the
reason. 1
I say, sir, that when a man is charged with a
grave offense, he has a right to say; " I want to
stand m front of my peers as sworn jurors; and
1 want my case decided according to the rules of
law and of evidence as judicially administered on
e very tnai of a criminal case in a court of justice."
1 say nothing of the two other members who
have been convicted here to-day, save that 1 have !
recorded my votes against them after the most
careiul examination of the testimony, and that I
have sat upon their cases precisely as if I had been
solemnly sworn as a juror to decide between them
and the country. I feel the same solemn respons-
ibility in this cas6, and shall dscide accordingly.
Mr, Speaker, I have spoken very positivwy of
my knowledge-of certain rules which prevail in
courts of law in criminal cases. I may be allowed
to say, sir, without the appearance of boasting,
that it w$s once my duty to myself, to my charac-
ter, and to my fellow-citizens, to study those rules
and to make myself well acquainted with them,
for I had to preside over tribunals which involved
the lives and the liberties, as well as the fortunes
and the characters of men. I could gloat, and
have gloated, over the punishment of a guilty
wretch, with all the ferocity of Jeffreys. I never
let one cscape me if I could avoid it. But I have
often found it to be my highest and most agree-
able duty to dissipate from the minds of a jury the
piled up clouds of mere suspicion with which in-
genious and eloquent advocates had enshrouded
the innocent. I have seen practically the awful
dangers of suspicion to conscience, to justice, and
to innocence. I never failed to warn and to guard
a jury against it. And when successful on such
occasions, I have felt the hardness of a disposi-
tion, sometimes, perhaps, too cold and rigid,
melting under the streaming sunlight of self-grati-
fication; for to shield the innocent in moments
of danger, is the purest joy that ever cheered the
human heart.
When I say that a criminal charged with an
offense has a right to the benefit of all reasonable
doubts, I do not mean to ask for the doubt of an
intellectual philosopher in the dim pursuit of some
metaphysical abstraction. I would not ask for the
doubt of a star-gazer looking through a telescope
when he is hesitating whether a certain thing in
the moon is an elephant, or a lion, or a lizzard.
[Laughter.] I speak of those reasonable doubts
which besiege the minds of fair men in the
investigation of plain, common-sense cases, and
which will not permit their minds to come to a con-
clusion. I ask for that doubt, sir, which is neces-
sary to be removed in legal investigation, and
which must go hand in hand with that great prin-
ciple of the law, that a man is presumed to be inno-
cent until his guilt is satisfactorily established by
evidence.
A word as to the testimony in this case. I say
nothing against the evidence of Mr. Triplett. It
is notnecessarytoimpeachhim. There is nothing
against the party now on trial in Triplett's evi-
dence—nothing, sir, except the vague inferences
of his own mind; and these inferences he does not
pretend himself to have been well ascertained,
even in his own mind. Sir, in courts of law, a
witness of^pfs is not allowed to infer; he is not
allowed to think; he must state facts and well-
defined recollections; and from these facts it is
the great officc of a jury to infer. It is said that
twelve men, guided by law and the wise expo-
sition of its rules, and sworn to do justice, are
better able to infer thanawitness. This is because,
for one reason, the thoughts of men run in a
thousand different channels, and inferences de- j
pend sometimes upon inclinations, and always i
upon the capacity of the mind and its uncertain I
driftmgs in the hasty pursuit of opinions. The I
guilt, then, of this party must rest upon the evi- !
dence of Sweeney. And in addition to the oath j
of Mr. Gilbert, which entirely exonerates Dr. |
Welch, and m addition to his own solemn assev- I
eration, there is another witness which must be i
introduced, and must be allowed to speak. I in- I
troduce that witness now,sir, as pure and spotless ; j
as a wlute-robed angel. That witness is a long life ''
of unimpeaehei intcgiity, which in courts oMaw
or of conscience is always heard in vindication
against all the ingenious accumulations of suspi-
cion.
I know not by how many thousand votes the
gentleman was elected. I do not care how many.
When a man is elected by a free constituency to
stand here as their representative, he comes well
indorsed; and I take it for granted that he lias
passed through the crucible, stood the fiery ordeal
of his enemies, and been sent here to represent
the purity of his district, whether it be Demo- i
cratic, or Know Nothing, or Republican. 1 take
it for granted that he is a pure and honest man. i
I do not care what his enemies say about him 1
Wei!, sir, taking this for granted, and that the
gentleman from Connecticut came here with the 1
indorsement of his constituency that his life has :
•been pure, and the united testimony of all his j
colleagues, are you to cast aside the evidence of !
a whole life of purity, and to trample in the dust j
a record of forty or fifty years of honorable use- '
fulness, for the undefined gabblings of a turned-
out doorkeeper — for the vague suspicions and
whispered innuendoes ofa disappointed, discarded
man? You ought to know the vengeance of a
disgraced politician, whether he be a doorkeeper
or a Senator. Cast-off and discharged men are
often dangerous witnesses. They are mad with
fortune and enraged with mankind. Destroyed
themselves, too often they are ready to destroy
others. A fallen angel may become a fiend; this
is true, from Lucifer down to the club-footed mon-
arch of hell. The reason that the devil is repre-
sented with a club-foot is to signify that he is the
universal enemy of mankind, and particularly
gifted in the black art of engendering suspicion
Why is it, sir, that a spotless character is per-
mitted to speak against suspicious, and some-
times even against positive, testimony? There
are many reasons. It is the habit of pickpockets,
when they steal a purse and find it empty, or are
in danger of detection, to slip it into the pocket
of the nearest man to them in a crowd. As good
men as any of us have found, to their astonish-
ment, strange purses and strange pocket-books
in their own pockets! The devices of villainy
are so numerous, and it is so well ascertained
that the best men are often surrounded by the
worst; that the w-isdom of ages, sanctioned by
the sagacity of the gieat law-makers, has estab-
lished this rule: that character is a good and pow-
erful witness, either against suspicions or against
any other sort of doubtful or uncertain evidence.
Rouseau, the great French philosopher, in his
old age, tells, in his confessions, under the most
solemn asseverations of its truth, a story on him-
self of this sort: He stole a bolt of ribbon from
his mistress, and gave it as a present to a maid-
servant in the house. When the ribbon was
missed, search was instituted, and it was found
in the possession of the maid. She vowed that
Rousseau had given it to her—he denied it—the
innocent girl was pronounced guilty of a theft, and'
kicked out of the bouse !
I shall never forget the impression made upon
my mind many years ago, when I was a youth,
by an incident recorded in Roderick Random:
One servant stole a set of spoons, and out of
malice put them in the trunk of an innocent house-
maid. In the search after the stolen goods they
were found in her possession! She could give no
explanation. Suspicion reigned supreme. Her
very consternation was interpreted against her.
She lost bftr place, and with it her character I
These touches of romance, Mr. Speaker, though
they be the records of fancy, are at last the best
illustrations of real life; for most men are Willing
to admit, that truth is indeed stranger than fiction.
Mr. CARUTHERS arose and addressed the
Chair, but resumed his seat.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama, (resuming.) I am
very glad, Mr. Speaker, that the gentleman from
Missouri has taken his seat without speaking *
He is a large and rather scary looking customer,
[much laughter,] and as I am just now on the
wrong side of the House, I feel particularly sen-
sitive at the uprising of a border ruffian. [Pro-
longed laughter.] Of course, my honorable friend
will take these remarks as they are intended—in
the best of humor. I am not only glad, sir, that
the gentleman has taken his seat, but I am de-
lighted at this universal prevalence of good humor
and merriment. It is a good omen for the gen-
tleman from Connecticut. Joy and justice ar"
twin sisters, and are apt to go hand in hand
together. It is the surest sign that justice will be
done. When I hear a good laugh, I am apt to
believe that a good heart lies under; but when I
see a gloomy, dark-browed, melancholy juror,
cutting his tobacco into snuff. I know he is ready
tossy, " Guilty ! guilty!" [Prolonged laughter.]
And now, sir, 1 come back to the direct ques-
tion before us. I ask any man here to rise in
his place and answer me: Are you satisfied be-
yond a reasonable doubt that this man is guilty ?
That is the question.
Mr. WALKKR. I will answer the gentleman
if he yields the floor for that purpose. Have I
the floor?
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. ^ I yield to my col-
league for a categorical answer.
Air. SAVAGK. I protest against this mode of
proceeding.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, it is
evident that this case has dwindled down to a
