THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Foorth Congress, 3d Sess
MONDAY, MARCH 2, 1857.
New Series. .. .No. 60.
very small point. General Houston himself,
with a sharp knife and a pretty piece of cedar,
and his acknowledged skill in such matters, could
not whittle it closer. [Laughter.] One gentle-
man rises and asks if he has the floor; and
another gentleman objects to this mode of pro-
ceeding; but no gentleman rises and says that he
is satisfied, beyond a reasonable doubt, of the
guilt of this party. There may be vague sus-
picions resting upon the party; but who that has
any regard for his own character, who that has a
knowledge of human nature, who that knows
man in his frailty, will condemn a man to infamy
from mere suspicions ?
We are not to judge of a man by the rule of
perfection ! Who is perfect ? Who is free from
suspicion? Whoever answers "I am perfect,"
condemns himself. There is none perfect except
the long-faced kin of that immaculate old man in
the Testament, who, with a long robe on, stood
up at the corners of the streets and thanked God
that he was not like other men. [Laughter.] The
question in this case is not, is this man perfect :
but is he guilty ? The great question which is
propounded to all jurors who are sworn to decide
according to the evidence, is, are you satisfied be-
yond the existence of a reasonable doubt that this
man is guilty ? If so, then pronounce that verdict.
If you have a reasonable doubt, then he is entitled
to it.
But, sir, I rose simply to protest against this
perversion of the rules of evidence, as presented
by my honorable colleague. I protest against the
principle being sanctioned here that a mail shall
be crushed upon suspicion, against the exercise-
of the time-honored rules of evidence. But why
do I press these technical rules ? I am willing to
admit the difficulty of enforcing them here; but
there is no difficulty at all in following the great
rule — not to convict until you are satisfied of
guilt.
The House, it is true, has a right to try and
expel its own members. The word " trial "carries
with it the idea of clear investigation. When a
judge is impeached, the House of Representatives
has to find the bill of impeachment, and the Sen-
ate has to try the judge, under the most solemn
forms and ceremonies, and it requires two thirds
of the Senate to convict. These formalities are
not required in the case of an impeached member
—and I refer to them only to enforce the sugges-
tion that, in the absence of these prescribed forms,
as the character of a member of Congress, and all
that pertains to him, is as sacred as a judge, the
more solemn is the duty of Congress to give the
inculpated member all the chances that 111 more
formal tribunals are secured to a judge.
Sir, perhaps I have already said too much. I
have spoken long upon the bare interpretation of
words.' I will tax the patience of the House but
a moment.
Suspicion in some shape or other is inseparable
from the human understanding. It is so inter-
woven with the mysterious action of the brain that
all men are more or less swayed by it.« The mis-
fortune is, that, as some men arc constituted, sus-
picion assumes the shape of certainty, for the
mind loves to leap at a conclusion; and thousands
in all ages of the world have fallen the innocent
victims of suspicion. I know nothing that tends
so to degrade the human mind as suspicion.
But as the presence of suspicion m some minds
is an evidence of weakness and vacillation, so
the absence of it in others indicates a noble na-
ture. What is so glorious as the unshaken con-
fidence of a friend? Take one example: when
Alexander was sick, his physician mixed a potion
for him. The King was admonished to beware
of Philip, for that the dose might be poison.
The hero sent for his physician, and said to him,
as he held the mixture in his hand: " Philip, they
say that you have prepared poison for your King.
J will drink it!'' and so swallowed the draught.
There, sir, you see the solid adamant of an un-
suspicious mind. To me, there is nothing in
the battles of Alexander in greatness or glory
all equal to the heroic fortitude displayed m
60
this simple incident. When ages become so old
hereafter, and the history of the world so vo-
luminous, that the whole career of Alexander shall
be compressed into a single page, and when the
names even of his battle-fields shall be forgotten,
posterity will still cling to this story, which so
strongly illustrates the glory of a constant and
unsffcaken mind.
Now, take a contrary example, in one said to
be of a " noble nature;" one who, even as a hero,
" had done the state some service." Take the
Moor of Venice, " perplexed in the extreme,"
and listening, with ready and even greedy ear,
to the slanderer, whose mysterious words stir up
suspicion in his heart: " Beware of Castio." Be-
wildered and blinded by the vague hints and whis-
pered innuendoes of a pretended friend, this noble
Moor, as he is falsely called, goes about foaming
at the mouth, gnawing his lips, tearing his hair,
and beating his breast, all for suspicion ! And,
sir, how a thing of darkness will grow in the dark!
What can swell with the rapidity of a shadow
except a shadow itself? From a hair, in an instant
it will assume the dimensions of a mountain, as
in the case to which I am referring; for we see
this infatuated husband so lashed into insanity
itself, that suspicion swelled into certainty by the
accidental location of a pocket-handkerchief! and
the gentle Desdemona, the chaste, the beautiful,
the loving, is smothered—on suspicion. And the
misguided husband, when it was too late, discov-
ered that, like the base Judcan, " he had thrown
away a pearl richer than all his tribe."
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
beg the attention of the House and their indul-
gence, after this very protracted session, to a plain
statement of what the committee supposed to be
the evidence upon which they have reported the
resolutions relative to Mr. Welch. I shall not
follow at all the various remarks that have beoii
made relative to the conduct of the committee,
nor do I feel myself under the slightest necessity
of putting in any plra in their behalf. I am dis-
charging now, at the end of this proceeding, the
same disagreeable duty that I assumed when I
was placed upon the committee; and I now close
this discussion in exactly the samo unruffled spirit
with which, like the other gentlemen on the com-
mittee, I accepted the charge. I think the gentle-
men who have discussed the evidence have not
dealt with it on those principles on which it would
have been dealt with in a court of justice, and I
think that the arguments which have been ad-
dressed to the House will, unless the real bearing
of the evidence shall be pointed out, lead the
House to a conclusion w hich hereafter it, or its
successors, may have occasion to regret.
As I said two nights ago, I argue no decided
questions. A point has been decided to-day which
relieves me from an argument. The vote of this
House upon the case of the Hon. Mr. Matteson,
of New "Vork, has disposed of the whole contest
pressed before this House a few days ago. We
are therefore now before the House free from
every suggestion thai the evidence has been irreg-
ularly taken; that the evidence reported to the
House is not fit to found a judgment on, or that
the committee has exceeded its jurisdiction, or ro-
ceived illegal and incompetent testimony, to smite
down the character of ary r.ntn upon this floor.
These things have been decided by the House
in the case of Mr. Matteson, and therefore I now
have here nothing to do but to call the attention
of the House to a biicf summary of what I sup-
pose to be the real evidence in this case. Every
species of assault has been made upon this evi-
dence; yet there is the testimony of a witness here,
to one distinct fact relative to the point now in
question, whose evidence has this day driven one
member to a resignation, because it was perfectly
certain what would be the judgment of this House
upon that very evidence; and that very evidence
is the preliminary step in the investigation that
the House will now engage in. It is the starting
point in this investigation.
There remains, then, nothing except the ordi-
nary questions in a court of law with reference to
the witness—first, what did the witness suppose
that he stated; next, was his means of informa-
tion adequate to enable him to know the facts that
he supposed he stated; and, third, is the char-
acter of that witness unimpeached? If any one
of these ordinary tests shall be found to fail, then
the gentleman now in question is entitled to no
withdrawal of this report in behalf of the com-
mittee, but he is entitled to the unanimous verdict
of this House, that hi§ character is absolutely
without stain. If the House think the evidence,
while true, is deficient in details and particulars,
the House will give those circumstances such
weight as they think proper. It left no doubt on
the minds of the committee of Mr. Welch's com-
plicity, and they therefore felt bound to report
the resolutions. Who is Mr. Triplett? Of him
I know nothing, save what 1 get from his de-
meanor before the committee, and from the testi-
mony given in this House by two distinguished
gentlemen, excepting that the statement of Mr.
Welch shows that he is a person whose society
Mr. Welch did not discard, that he is a person in
whose concerns Mr. Welch took an interest, that
with him he conversed relative to the matter
which was the subject of the corrupt contract
with Mr. Gilbert; and therefore we have, to that
extent, the confession of the party that there was
intercourse between them, and conversation be-
tween theru relative to the main fact here in con-
troversy. Everything, therefore, that Mr.Trip-
lett states relative to the fact of conversations
stands corroborated by the statement of the hon-
orable member himself. All that remains to be
ascertained is, what docs he state to have passed
in those conversation, and, when we have ascer-
tained what has passed, is it worthy of credence,
and does it show criminal conduct?
Was Triplett, first of all, a swift witness?
The obliterated clauses of the proceedings of the
committee read by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] sufficiently show that the committee
commenced the investigation in entire ignorance
of the existence of this witness—that their atten-
tion was callcd to him by another person; and
there is nothing to show, and there is no reason
to believe, that there was any the slightest com-
plicity between Simonton and the witness in ques-
tion. He therefore did not volunteer his testi-
mony, and there is nothing to show that he asked
Simonton to point to his testimony.
What was the manner in which he gave his
evidence? I say, that so far from being; of the
suspicious character that gentlemen have repre-
sented, the very parts that they have pointed to
as indicating suspicion are the plain marks of a
witness who was conscious that he had been en-
gaged in a transaction which he ought not to have
touched, that he had been engaged in an attempt
to bribe a member of this House, and that he felt
that whatever might be the effect of his evidence
relative to the gentleman to whom he referred, it
must leave something of a tinge upon his own
character, and therefore he testified with that re-
luctance which any man will exhibit when the
facts that he states, while striking down the man
against whom he testifies, will recoil on himself
to a greater or less extent.
Was there any ill-feeling between the witness
and the honorable member from Connecticut? On
the contrary,the statement of the honorable mem-
ber is, that their rolations had been these: that ho
was laboring strenuously to procure the passage
of a resolution in this House to confer ft great and
coveted pecuniary benefit upon the witness. That
was not calculatcd to create unkindness. There
is no reason to suppose that there had ever been
the slightest difference between them. The failure
of the effort was not aground for any ill-feeling.
So that the witness stands befoie us corroborated
by those two strongest elements of all testimony
—a kindly feeling for the man who was illnig,
even at the expense of his own character, to do
him a service, and the other and stronger induce-
ment to a witness, that what he stated redounded
to his own discredit. Has any circumstance hero
been indicated which in the slightcstdegrce lessens
