946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
the weight of these grave considerations corrobor-
ating the testimony of the witness ? Say gentle-
men, there was nothing said relative to Mr. Welch
011 the day of the first examination. Sir, that is
the strongest consideration that can be urged in
regard to the weight of the testimony.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
will pai don me; if X yield to one I must yield to
ah, and I must decline to yield.
The testimony, Mr. Speaker, will show that
the witness answered the questions that were put to
him; and the examination that took place on the
first day related, in the shape of the questions
and in the course of the examination, to the con-
tract relative to the book. It was only one gen-
eral interrogatory of my friend from South Car-
olina [Mr. Orr] which could have called upon
the witness to state anything that did not relate
to that contract. Here is the question:
:i If there was any conversation that took place between
you and any other member m wlnclf he came out and soli-
cited,"or demanded, or required any peouniaiy compensation
for voting for a proposition, it will be propor to state it."
And the witness says:
"I had conversations with various memhor5?; but there
was no other conversation, as lar as £ can recollect, where
theie was any such understanding."
"Understanding" there meaning contract. He
passes that by. " There was nothing approach-
ing to a contract with anybody else." The wit-
ness, therefore, had his mind directed only to an
arrangement between him and another person,
resulting in a contract, and only in a contract.
But, on reflection, he found the language of Mr.
Orr, widely and liberally construed, required liim
to state something more. It required him to state
whether an individual had conversed with him
on the footing of an understanding or contract,
and, therefore, ho voluntarily seeks the commit-
tee again, and says:
"With rclerenee to the question propounded to me by
Mr. On, ' v\ lidI101 any convriHanon took pi,too between
me and any other memboi m wini.li he came out and so-
licited, or demanded, ot leqiiued dnv pecunuiy compen^a-
non foi voting,* I do-no to say tii.u my answer is mote
strongly worded tinn subsequent inflection has convinced
me it should be. 1 meant to confine myself, ami 1 do con-
fine myself, to a denial."
Of what? Of conversations or knowledge of
corrupt transactions? No; but "of any specific
contract with any one else." Docs not that affirm
a specific contract with Mr. Gilbeit; and does it
not draw a distinction between that contract and
the rest of the conduct of the witness? Did the
witness come back corruptly and instigated by
some inimical motive? Had the witness left the
stand failing to make out the clear case which he
desired to make out, and now did he come back,
finding it imperfect, to supply the lacking link of
evidence ? Why, sir, the House will sec^ that his
mind was called to the subject in every conceiv-
able way, and that his lack of knowledge was the
ground on which he put his declining to answer.
Lack of memory was the ground. If he were
inventing, would he lack memory ? Is memory
a part of invention? Does not the party invent-
ing create the story? Or arc we to suppose that
the witness had invented the story, and then for-
gotten it? If he did not, then it was lack of mem-
ory of facts that he had in his mind before, and
not a failure to invent a complete story. Every
yuan familiar with the course of judicial proceed-
ings knows that the witness who starts out to he
down ^the character of any man, never fails for
lack of a sound declaration, and that the falsehood
is always discovered by pushing him into details.
Throughout the examination of this witness,
every question attempted to draw out some sep-
arate detail, and we find repeated replies that the
witness can give no more accurate testimony,
that he has forgotten the details,that it is his im-
pression that this and that took place—guarding
himself against every suspicion of inventing as
lie went along. When he came before the com- '
mittee the second time if was because on reflec-
tion he found that there were facts in his mind
which he outjht honestly to have stated in reply
to the question of Mr. Orr; and he came back
to ruheve his mind from, the consciousness that
he had not stated all that he ouijht to state, al-
though what he should state would be still more
to his disciedit than that which he had already
stated.
Now, sir, what was this pregnant fact which
so rankled in the conscience and memory of the
witness that he could not allow it to sleep in the
oblivion in which his failure to recollect it had
left it ?
"Doyou know that any other member of Congress ex-
pected to share in this money for which you gave the order
on the Clerk?"
This is his answer to that question:
" To that I can answer that there was another member
of Congress who, I am satisfied, expected to be benefited,
but  —
and this shows the close consistency of all his
testimony—
"he had no contract with me."
"By the Chairman.—State how you became satisfied of
that fact.
Witness.—I was satisfied from what he told me himself,
that he expected to leceive something from the passage of
that bill."
Now, sir, if he were a lying witness, bent on
making out a clear case, would he have added the
next sentence ? It is as follows:
" What it was I do notknow."
Would notsuch apartyhave ventured to name
half of the $14,000, or some other sum that would
have been an adequate consideration to control an
honorable member's vote ? Butthis witness says:
" I never agreed to pay him anything," still show-
ing the marked distinction that the witness drew
between a contract and an expectation of reward
from another source. " State what was that con-
versation?" A willing witness bent on destroy-
ing the member would have coined a conversa-
tion; but what was the answer to that question?
" I could not possibly state the terms of the con-
versation " is the answer of the willing witness!
" State it to the best of your recollection," says
a member of the committee ?
" I must be sau^fied that the committee has the authority
to make me give the name of the man before I can consent
to give it"
is the reluctant reply of the witness,
" By Mr. Ritchie —We first want to know what the con-
versation was?"
Then comes the material fact, that it was not
one conversation, but many. " Witness.—I had
frequent conversations with him," and here is
another pregnant circumstance: " he has been
present when conversations occurred between Mr.
Gilbert and myself. He has spoken to me about
the matter." What matter, but the getting the
book through Congress ? "He has spoken to
me about the matter freely and confidentially,"
says the witness. Why confidentially, if there
was nothing to be confided? "And I think he
has told me (he does not swear outright that the
party has told him—it is his belief—the impres-
sion of his mind) that lie expected m the event
of the passage of the bill to receive compensation
for it." Then, showing the mark of the true
witness, he adds, " In what precise language I
could not undertake to say." He guarded him-
self at every point from saying more than his
memory distinctly brought up.
" By Mr. Ritchie.—Are yon certain that lie was aware of
the airangement with Mr. Gilbert ?
" Witness.—He was aware th.it theie was an arrange-
ment with Mr. Gilbert, though I do not know whether he
knew the specific terms."
Translated into plain English that means that
the member from Connecticut knew there was an
arrangement between witness and Mr. Gilbert on
the footing of pecuniary compensation for ser-
vices to be rendered in procuring the passage of
the resolution; for that was the only arrangement
that the witness had testified to between himself
and Mr. Gilbert. The statement would have been
absurd if he meant anything but that the arrange-
ment was m existence and was known to the
party.
Now, let us see if that he not more distinctly
indicated by the further progress of the examina-
tion:
" By Mr. Warner.—IIow did that conversation originate?
" Witnas.—I could not po^ibiy undertake to answer
how the fust conversation originated •, there were many
conveisations between us.
"By Mr. Winner.—Conversations in relation to this
tiansdcuon s
" Witness.—Yet;, sir, in relation to the book.
"By Mr. Warner. State what he said, as nearly as you
can recollect, and what you *aid to him about it.
" Witness.—I cannot state any more than that all the
conversations left no doubt upon my mind that he expected
to be compensated for the labors winch he intended to per-
ioral in the case/'
Now, I say, in the face of every lawyer in this
House, that that is competent evidence on an in-
dictment for bribery, whoever be the judge, and
whatever be the case. " He intended'to perform
in the case." What did he intend to perform in
the case, according to the idea of the witness?
Let us see:
"By Mr. Warner.—Did he say how many votes he could
control ?
" Witness.—Really I cannot possibly say. I never re-
garded it as very probable that my book would pass, and I
did not charge myself with these facts as £ should otherwise
have done, i was actuated more by a desire to prevent
this other man from making the same airaugements than I
was of passinj* my book.
" By Mr. Warner.—Did he say his influence could op-
erate upon it in committee or in the House ?
"Witness.—It was in the House."
Here, then, is a distinct statement that the wit-
ness understood from Mr. Welch that his influ-
ence was to be brought to bear in favor of wit-
ness's book in the House.
"By Mr. Warner.—State, as near as you can, what he
did say to you in some of these conversations about there
matters, and what joa said to him. You, of course, con-
versed freely ?
" Wdnesi.—It is impossible to recollect such fugitive con-
versations."
Would a lying witness have invented no other
answer to the interrogatory of the gentleman from
Georgia? The witness proceeds:
" But there was no duubt upou my mind that the party
oxpected to have, an interest m the matter.
" By Mr. Warner.—Fiom the conversation you had with
him, it was your impression that you and he understood
each other perfectly in relation to this matter? *
Now, I say that that is a competent question
to a witness testifying as to the understanding
between him and the person with whom he con-
versed; because his impression was the impres-
sion made on his mind by the conversation, the
demeanor, the language, and all the surrounding
circumstances; and in a transaction like this a
wink is as good as a nod. Then, sir, what does
the witness say about Mr. Welch's expectation
of being benefited?
" My impression is, and I give it simply as an impression,
[showing how careful the witness was,] that the first con
versation that occurred between us upon the subject wag
in the room, or at least m the presence of Mr. Giibort.
Whether I had been told beforehand, or whether I then
heard that he was to be the recipient of a portion of the
money, 1 cannot say; but, from the conversation that oc-
curred between us, I should have drawn the deduction that
he bad some mteicst in it.
" By Mr. Warner.—You, of course, told him the amount
that had been agreed on ?
" JVilnesi,.—1 do not know that I did tell him the exact
amount."
Why, if the witness wished to make out a clear
case, did ho not say that he told him the amount
already marked down in the written paper signed
with his name ?
"By Mr. Warner.—You aie going on to state what he
said to you of the amount he expected to receive.
" Witness.—I do not know what he expected to receive,
" By Mr. Orr.—Did he expect to receive anything ?
" Witness.—I have no doubt he did.
" By Mr. Orr.—Why ?
" Witness.—From the conversation that took place be-
tween us. It may be possible that he told me what he ex-
pected to receive. I had no doubt at the time that he did
expect to receive something. I think he a«.ked me what I
could do m certain quarters. T told him that T conld rotdo
anything in that way—that I had some friends who would
support my book, and who were, of course, de-iroun to sup-
port my interest. I think that he, a«s well as other patties,
had counted up the assistance thev were able to render, and
wanted to know what assistance I could expect from my
fncr.di*.
" By Mr Orr —When you talked to him as if it was fixed
in your mind that he was to leceive a compensation, did he
seem to talk as if he understood the fact?
" Witness.— I have stated as definitely as I am able to
state what occurred in these conversations. There was no
hesitancy about the matter. I think it was understood by
both paities that it was expected he would receive some
compensation I do not think I ever heard Mr. Gilbert say
what amount he intended to give him."
At that point, after a few other questions, the
first examination of the witness relative to Mr.
Welch ceased. I submit that that examination
itself shows that the party was a reluctant wit-
ness, carefully drawing a distinction between
what he knew positively—what was his belief,
where he could not state the details of what oc-
curred. He had a distinct impression and belief
upon his mind as to the result of all the conver-
sations. He declined to state any conversation,
because he did not remember it. But feeling that
it was his duty, as he had been examined with
reference to everything that had occur-ed, to make
a clean breast of the whole transaction, upon
turning the matter over m his mind, and finding
