1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
facts and circumsiances thickening upon him, as
he reflected upon it, the witness comes back, as
an honest witness always does, and none but an
' honest witness would have done, to state more
than he stated in the first instance, and to give
particulars of conversation which, in the first in-
stance, he could not recollect.
Now, sir, did Triplett invent the statement
which he then made? If he did, why was there not
more of detail and circumstantiality ? Why does
it not bear directly and fully on every conceivable
point and question that could be raised ? I sub-
mit that the shape of the testimony shows that
the party really had recollected what he now came
•forward to state, and that was:
" Upon further reflection, I recollect conversations and
facts which put it beyond a doubt, in my mind, that the
member of whom I spoke expected to receive a portion of
the contract about which I have been speaking.
"By Mr. Orr.—Will you state any of these facts, or your
recollection of the conversations to which you referred ?
" Witness.—As I stated yesteiday, we had conversations
about it, the trnor of winch was based upon the idea of his
receiving part of it; and 1 recollect —
Is that the language of invention or not? Is
that the language of impression, or is it admissi-
ble in a court of justice or not?
—" and I recollect that on one occasion he asked me. in the
event of their having to distribute more money than they
contemplated, whether £ would not do what was right, or
something of that sort."
Sir, unless the House can disbelieve the state-
ments of the witness Triplett, they must pass
upon the effect and meaning of that evidence.
They must either say that this fact being estab-
lished by a witness who is to be believed, the
thing that he there states is not proper for the
House to act upon, or else they do not believe
the testimony of the witness. And then, if gen-
tlemen are tender of character, I beg them to re-
flect that there are two characters involved in this
case; and that the character of the witness is as
dear to him, and is as much entitled to the con-
sideration of the House, as is the character of the
member. It is not, therefore, a fair question
whether they will allow the member to go free 
Mr. KING. I desire to ask the gentleir.an
from Maryland a question for information in re-
gard to one paragraph. I understand that the
argument of the gentleman from Maryland places
Mr. Welch and Mr. Triplett on the same footing
in regard to standing and credibility in relation to
this transaction. Is that so ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. No, sir.
Mr. KING. Well, I understand that they are
accomplices.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I cannot yield for
anything but a question.
Mr. KING. Well, I wish to ask the gentle-
man a question. On the thirteenth page of the
report, in relation to Dr. Welch, the gentleman
uses this language:
"The committee do nnt think tlley can regard the testi-
Mony of Mr. Gilbert as entitled to outweigh the testimony
ofa disinteiested witness; for Mr. Gilbeit appears before
the committee m the capacity of an accomplice with Mr.
Welch." .
My understanding is that Triplett and Gilbert
were both accomplices alike.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Certainly, sir, they
are both accomplices; but I presume that one was
interested in the proceedings of this House, and
the other was not interested; that Triplett was
testifying against Ins interest to facts not credit-
able to him, and Mr. Gilbert being on trial, was
called to deny that he was guilty. Mr. Gilbert
"was directly interested to say what he did say,
and Mr. Triplett was directly interested to con-
ceal and deny what he did say.
Mr. KING. One question.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object to these interruptions.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I decline further
to yield.
Mr. Speaker, this is about all I have to say
relative to this case, excepting this one other ob-
servation. 1 rose merely to sum up theevidcnce
and to show what the witness thought he stated;
what the witness had the material to know; that
there was no mark of a willing witness about
him; that there was no volunteering of evidence;
and that there was no conflict m his statements.
I now desire to make the final remark upon the
case against the gentleman from Connecticut; and
it is, that when he was called before the commit-
tee he declined to meet the witness; to sift him by
cross-examination; to compel him to say wnat he
did know ana what he did not know; to refresh
his failing recollection as to the real conversations
which the party implicated admits took place
between them; to give the witness the benefit of
his suggestions; to get himself the benefit of
suggesting to the witness all the surrounding cir-
cumstances, so that he might remove, if possible,
from the mind of the witness, the clear and dis-
tinct impression which his conduct had left upon
the mind of the witness that he was implicated in
the transaction; that he did know of the arrange-
ment with Gilbert, and was to receive benefit
under it; that he was calculating on the passage
of the resolution, and hoping for pecuniary re-
wards.
^ Sir, the failure to cross-examine, under these
circumstances, is a distinct admission of the cor-
rectness of everything which the witness has
said, so far as any cross-examination could pos-
sibly vary it. We have, therefore, the witness
before the House, with the consent of the honor-
able member that he should not be cross-exam-
ined; and under these circumstances it will not
do to make any suggestion of an ex parte proceed-
ing, or a secret tribunal, or an inquisitorial pro-
ceeding, or any other of the wild and loose sug-
gestions that have been cast out by gentlemen in
the course of this discussion. The question comes i
down to the House: Do they or do they not he- j
lieve the witness, Triplett, to have stated what i
he supposed to be true? Do they or do they not!
believe that he did recollect the terms of this last j
conversation? _ And if they do believe it, is it a |
transaction which they can tolerate in a member i
of this House? Beyond that I have no remark !
to make. j
Mr. WELCH. If the question involved in
the resolutions before the House, based upon tcs- :
timony submitted to it by the investigating com- J
mittee for consideration, is one of deep interest
to myself, permit mo to say it is not devoid of :
interest to each of my fellow-members here.
The decision of the question under considera-
tion, as a careful examination of the testimony
will prove, affects not myself only, but involves '
in the highest degree the honor and usefulness of'
this body, its just title to the confidence of the ■'
people, its name and character in the face of the i
worid; nay more, sir, to some extent it affects •
the great doctrine of popular and democratic ;
government itself; since, if the testimony re- j
ported by the committee be true, as believed by 1
them, it must follow that ail reliance upon the :
virtue and intelligence of the people is but vain; ,
that no substantial presumption in favor of their i
Representatives is to be founded upon it; that lie 1
who comes here, from whatever quarter of the |
country, sustained by the persons who surround
his home, who have been the witnesses of Jus
daily life, who have tried and proved him, and 1
who present in his person the chosen represent- ;
ativc of their political existence; that he who so
comes is covered with no shield sufficient to ward '
off the first attack of the calumniator, however ;
vague, improbable, and contradictory may be the
statements upon which it is based.
Sir, I am to defend myself, it seems, against
certain portions of the testimony of two witnesses
who have been examined before the committee,
and who have used my name in connection with
alleged corrupt airangements for influencing the
action of this House. The same witnesses, if i|
they establish any ground for suspicion against .|
me, do not less impeach the honor and character
of the members of this House generally. They 1
scatter far and wide and indiscnmitiately the
charge of common coriuption against this body.
They affirm, under oath, that it is the general ,
reputation of Congress, and the common under- j
standing among those who have claims before it, ;
that such claims, however just and undeniable, ■
are carried not at all upon their merits, but always |
by improper motives of pecuniary interest in the
members of this House.
Hear the chief witness, Sweeney, in answer to :
the thirty-eight interrogatory at the first exam- ['
ination. When he is asked to state the circum- .
stances which led him to entertain the impression ,
that there may have been other members, besides
the one he had mentioned, (not myself,) inter- ■
ested, he answers: 'j
" It may have been fiom common rumor. Itisthccom- j,
mon talk that memoers or Congress uo nave an interest m , |
everv measure oeiore mem.-; ,j
i Here the other witness, Triplett. bein? asued,
(interrogatory 9th,) on his first examination.
" Have you been brought in contact with any meraoerin
that connecuon—-a corrupt bargain r"
He answers:
" l have. There is nobody, I suppose, who knows the
organization of Congress, who expects to carry anything
through it merely from love of justice."
By Mr. Orr.—(Interrogatory 3 Gth:)
" Id that the general reputation of Congress ?"
Answer;
" It is the geneial reputation of Congress."
Mr. Speaker, is this charge true? Upon the
testimony of these witnesses it is asserted as a
fact, with as much confidence as any other fact—
indeed, with more directness, and without qualifi-
cation.
The honorable member of that committee
knew, as every member of this House knows, that
that assertion, under oath, was grossly false and
calumnious. It was evidently uttered in a spirit
of wholesale slander, or else what honorable man
would join himself to a body to be identified with
which would be to come under the taint of a com-
mon and general reputation of trafficking basely
with a high and honorable trust. Is the slander
to be indorsed and admitted by this House? Is
it to go forth to the country as proven by two
credible witnesses, that such is the general repu-
tation of Congress?
But is it proven, Mr. Speaker, that such is the
general reputation of Congress? General repu-
tation is itself a fact, and a most weighty and
significant fact. Itpresupposestheexistenee ofun
indefinite number of particular facts. If these wit-
nesses are to be believed, then thUfact—Ih'v, damn-
ing fact is established before the American people,
and in the eyes of the civilized woild, against this
body as avihole—a fact touching not merely the
choiacter of one or two, or any inconsiderable
number of members, but impeaching the action
oi the Home as a body, tainting its very vitals, and
affecting with a just suspicion its whole action
and organization. It is impossible to escape the
conclusion, if this testimony is to be indoiscd
by this House. It goes forth, not solely to cast
suspicion upon one or two individual members,
but by the confession of the House itself, if any
action be taken upon it as true, it is proclaimed
to the country and the world that the body itself,
as a body, has acquired a " general reputation"—
that its '* organization" (to use the very language
of the witness) is such that no measure can be
earned for justice's sake, but only through cor-
rupt bargains with a majority of its membcis.
Sir, if the House itself accepts as true such evi-
; donee, the impeachment of its character is rati-
fied.
I am justified then, sir, in saying the question
before the House concerns every member; and I
confess, when I was furnished with a copy of the
testimony of these witnesses, and with increasing
amazement perused its details, it did not enter my
inind that the honorable mem be is of the committee
could possibly have entertained a serious doubt
as to the disposition which they oughe*to make
of such wholesale calumny. At most it seemed
! that all that could be required of me5whni, after
these general charges against Congress, the wit-
, ness was pressed and compelled to jusuiy himself
I by giving the name of some member in particular,
j and when ot length, under circumstances I shall
, presently more particularly notice, he gave my
i name—it seemed that all that could be required of
' me was ci full declaration upon oath touching the
■ facts with which my name had been so connected.
it seemed to me, as I still hold and maintain, that
[ if a committee of this House receives as tiue the
j testimony of a witness not a member of the
House touching the import of an alleged private
conversation between the witness and a member
only, common justice, common prudence, a com-
mon regard to the honor of the House, and to the
character of particular members, would require
fhat the oath of the member, the only <"Uher per-
son present at the supposed interview, should be
received and taken with at least equal presump-
tions of truth as those which attended the testi-
mony of the other witness. Upon what grounds,
I ask, should it not be? I was not on triai before
that committee. It was a committee of general in-
vestigation only, to ascertain if there were grounds
for action by the House to remedy an alleged
