050
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 27,
every probability ? The assumption seems to me
most extraordinary.
But it does not depend on the chance of proof
only. There is a clear, positive indication of the
fact of consultation in the testimony of the wit-
ness Tnplett on this same first day's examina-
tion. Ho says, (page 7:) "I understand that you
already have the name; if you had not, I should
be disposed to make a point upon it." From
whom had they the name? From Sweeney, the
witness already examined? In that way only
does the name of Mr. Gilbert appear originally
before the committee. From whom did Triplett
learn that the testimony had been given? Surely
not from the committee. That would be a most
indecent supposition. Indeed, the member from
South Carolina is prompt to avoid every such
indication to the witness; for he says at once:
"We may have a name;" but declines to give
any information to the witness. Then is it not
as clear as proof can make it, that he knew, di-
rectly or indirectly, from Sweeney, either that he
hail given that evidence, or before he gave it there
had ben communication between them? I fling
this ground of confirmation to the winds. If the
committee had been as vigilant toasceitain the
truth of particular charges as they were to ex-
pious the general accusations made by these and
other witnesses, they would have seen how un-
just and unwarrantable is their conclusion on this
point.
Now, sir, I desire it to be observed that, in this
so much relied on first testimony, on the same day
and '• without the chance of conversation," nei-
ther of these witnesses connect my name with the
" book matter." The witness Tiiplelt (with an
admitted chance of consultation) appears on a
subsequent day, (17th January—Report, pages
70, 71,) and still makes no correction of his ori-
ginal testimony. On that original examination,
it is a most remarkable fact that he had been most
seaiclangly questioned, and pressed to mention
the name of any other member than Mr. Gilbert
as m any way connected with the alleged "cor-
ruption," and he Jutd denied the knowledge of
any other person. As to Mi. Gilbert, he had
given hia impressions, which we have seen were
artfully produced by.Sweeney, ihit he has ex-
pressly said, (page 70:) "There was nothing
approaching to a contract with anybody else.
Before the second examination he leaves tins dec- j
laration on oath, without the slightest qualifiea- j
tion, though he appears to have voluntarily re- j
turned, after viewing the testimony, to explain it !
where lie thought it incomplete. |
.Now, sir, pau^e a moment, and consider whether j
it consists with the ordinary rules of human cut)- [
duct, to suppose thata person in the condition in !
which Tripjftt represented himself to have hem, \
with a fair ground for receiving a large sum oi j
money fiom Congress—so large that he could ;
alFord to throw away $14,500 in despair as to sue- j
cess upon legitimate grounds—stimulated not only 1
by interest, but by a natural and controlling de- i
sire to prevent the perpetration of a great wrong ■
on him by Bennett;—I say, consider whether a !
man, so situated, could have forgotten me, pressed
as ho was by questions—if, in fact, he had evei !
had an interview with me—which, at the time,
conveyed to him the idea and belief that I was ■
one of the two members to whom lie was to look ■
for the realization of those hopes. Is not the
supposition too monstrously incredible to be
for a moment entertained ; Yet, twice before the '
committee, he never thinks of me, and says—
givm- his impression as to Mr. Gilbert —that
there was nothing approaching to a contract with
anybody else. But now, sir, three days aftei his
second examination, and upon his fourth exam- ;
jmmoru when all Sweeney's energies have been
aroused, to make good hischarges°aud to enlarge 1
them into greater importance; and when the '
chance of consultation, or, I should rather say,
the oppoitunity and motive of Sweeney to play
further upon the mind of Triplett, had been abun- !
dant, and without doubt broughtmto requisition, •
he returns, and for tiie first time mentions my
name as a person whom he had inferred hud com- !
bmed with Air. Gilbert. Undoubtedly this is the i
v/oik of Sweeney, the discredited witness. He \
infers this from conversations which he had with
me, in which 1 manifested an interest m his sue- \
cess. ' His impressions and inferences arc only j
stated m this examination,
But is this the ground upon which a corrupt
intention is to be presumed? Then it behooves
members here never to express,however earnestly
they may feel it, any interest in the success of any
claim, however meritorious it may be. This wit-
ness does not pretend to give any single expres-
sion used by me which he interpreted as indica-
ting a corrupt intention—not one. The commit-
tee have furnished another proof that, insensibly
no doubt, they have lapsed from the chairs of
judges into those of prosecuting attorneys, when,
at page 12 of the report, they represent the wit-
ness as testifying directly to expressions used by
me. But they wholly omit the most important
words used by the witness, "or something of that
sort." See the evidence itself, page 74. These
words refer the whole matter, as in his previous
examination, back again to the impressions on the
mind of the witness. And these, we have seen,
are the work of Sweeney, the discredited witness,
"the vote broker," the common " cheat," as the
committee describe his whole class in their gen-
eral report.
But it may be asked, " What had Sweeney to
do with naming me?" He had not connected me
with this " book matter;" and it is icmaikable
that he did not, if I were in fact connected with
that matter. He could hardly have forgotten the
instruments by whom lie was to accomplish his
infamous purpose; but, pressed to give some jus-
tification of his wholesale charges against the
House, he had found it necessary to give more
than a single name; and he had named me upon
his second examination, after positive denials to
questions most direct, asking for his knowledge
concerning any other member, in connection with a
pension case of lloxanaKimball—a charge so con-
temptible and absurd upon its face as only to re-
quire a passing notice in the present connection,
lie had said I expressed my satisfaction of the
merits of the claim, and my determination to report
it favorably so far as depended on me, upon its
merits; but that I had expressed the opinion that
there mu'ht be difficulties with others, and that it
might be necessary to use fifty doliarsor so,to pro-
due the lepoit. This 1 have positively denied
upon my oath; and 1 now lepeat the declaration,
that I n^ver usrd any expressions tending to con-
vey that idea, if res's wholly upon the testimony
of this single witness, proven not worthy of belief
on his oath, and wholly uncorroborated.
The very argument of the committee by which
they seek to sustain the charge as to the book,
viz: the corroboration between Tiiplett and
Sweeney, and the fact of the paper, implies that
without tins coiroboiation they could not rely
upon lus evidence. H virtually concedes this
miserable and most improbable charge—depend-
ing solely on a tainted witness—ought not to be
believed, or else there is no force or pertinency
to their argument founded on corroboration. But
how was this bribe of fifty dollars to be used?
Was it an indication that I thought, that while
reason and justice were enough for me, there were
others who would never listen or attend until they |
had been filled with champagne and the delicacies !
of the season at a cost of lift y dollars or so ? Upon
all this the testimony is conveniently vague. But
one thing is ccrt.un: the report was in fact made
by me upon its merits, without the shadow of an
intimation that directly or indirectly there was
any agreement or expectation of reward.
Let it be remembered that the same witness had
already answered the following direct questions
with as direct lepiies. (See report, pp, 6Q-G4:)
•*£;/ AT/, U> r.— Did any tn-mber ever e.xpiess to you tlie
tis it lie (>U4:n to Lie compensated, or would be
coifjp'-n-.ated i<u lepomn'i a claim iavoiabiy?"
'• Witney.—Xo, }iii.;'
Here is an express and emphatic denial, on the
first examination, of this whole chaige.
Again, (p. 65:)
' 7}}f ?■£,. —TIr<-; that claim been reported ?
" IVih-ifi-s —it w,a iep.>i-t<'d upon its merits, without any
othci eo;i;'!(ieiat!oii. as I rnidei-tand.
.,tr. Irtnnc,-.— W'uir was your leply when Mr.
W <'leh ttat°d tii-a it nugat become JieccsnAiy to u->e fifty
dollar.-. ? *
IVUm9*—E reallv do not know that T made any reply,
or tb.it we even alluded to tile subject between ourselves
afterwards.
- By Mr. If'smcr.—1There was no money paid for re-
porting the claim, as fat ;h you know?
*• IVitiiQti, —TiiCje hit.- uevot been a cent paid, as far as I
know and believe.-'3
This was convenient, because if he had stated
further particular!? he was liable to be contradicted.
Again, (p. 63:)
"By Mr. Orr.—Has there been any claim before the House
for yourself or any friend of yours in which you felt any
special interest?
" Witness.—Yes, sir.
"By Mr. Orr.—Has any member, knowing the interest
you felt in that matter, indicated, oi intimated, or stated to
you that to secure his influence a consideration of some
sort should be paid by you or your friend or the party inter-
ested ?
" Witness.—Nn, sir, I think not; not to my present rec-
ollection. There has been no such thing before the House
in which I was personally interested in any way."
And again, on the same page:
" By Mr. Davis.—Then I put the question in this form:
Do you know of any corrupt airangement enteied into by
any member of Congress, of your own personal knowledge ;
and by personal knowledge I do not mean that you were
present when the arrangement was entered into, but knowl-
edge derived from the member himself?
" Witness.—I have stated two cases already—one the
Towa land bill, and the other the book resolution. More
than that I cannot say, except by hearsay from third par-
ties  
Here is an explicit denial of knowledge of any
other kindred matter.
Now, this absurd and incredible charge, fore-
stalled by the witness's own primary evidence,
having been made as a preface to name some other
member besides Mr. Gilbert, and Sweeney being
now put into the dilemma of making good his
charges by " corroboration," or else succumbing
under the weight of his own character, thus
brought necessarily in evidence—who can fail to
see that the chances of consultation which have
appeared between the first and the fourth exam-
ination of Sweeney and Triplett day, after day,
with intervals of whole days between them, and
apparently with a complete termination of exam-
ination each time—ail this without any notice
to me that this tremendous issue to me person-
ally, and in some degree to my constituents, was
in progress of trial—and indeed, as it appears,
substantially decided against me—who can fail
to see that Triplett, the dupe of Sweeney, who
had been obliged to give some plausible reason
for exacting of him an order for $14,500, was now,
without any willful departure from the truth on
his part, led to assert before the committee the
falsehoods which Sweeney had persuaded him
were tacts on which he could rely, for Sweeney
had the materials for persuading his mind to the
conclusion he desired. And, sir, in the face of
all this, the committcc, at page 13, say they
(i Tendered to Dr. Welch an opportunity to confront the
witnesses who had testified aganibt him, but he dcchned to
examine them.3'
" Who had testified against him." And this, in
the opinion of four of the committee—lawyers,
and men of high personal character—" is to be
confronted with the witnesses!" Undoubtedly
I declined to cross-examine them. I must have
been wholly indifferent to my sense of duty in a
matter of grave principle and fundamental con-
stitutional right, not to me only, but to every
citizen who rests securely under the shield of the
Constitution, if I had consented, by any act of
mine, to recognize that secret and prolonged ex-
amination by piecemeal as an examination in
chief of a witness against me.
Sir, there are innumerable points in the evi-
dence which support these general views of the
case. Time is not allowed to present them. I
leave them to be detected by the good sense of
every man who reads the evidence. I am con-
tent. to stand not only before this House, but be-
fore the sovereign people. I feel confident it will
be received with calmness, impartiality, and a
sense ofjustice. But if my confidence should not
be realized, I know that the real trial is not here,
but as to me before the people in my own vicin-
ity, and as to the House before the country at
large. And upon this first and important issue
it will appear—
1. That the chief witness is impeached in such
a manner as would prevent any fact in any court
from being established on his testimony. He is
proven to be of general bad reputation for truth;
and witnesses say they would not believe him on
his oath.
2. That the committee itself avow that it is ap-
parent on his own examination, that he is not over
scrupulous.
3. That there is direct contradiction between
the two witnesses on their first examination.
4. That after repeated examinations in private,
and after communication to be inferred from the
circumstances, there is the first mention of my
