952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
An act far the relief of William Poole;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Samuel R.
Thurston, late Delegate from Oregon;
An act for the relief of George SchelHnger;
An act for the relief of Rebecca Smith;
An act for the relief of Lyman N. Cook;
A joint resolution to pay the pension due Par-
melia Slavin, iate wife of John Blue, deceased, to
her administrator; and
A joint resolution for the relief of Israel B.
Bigeiow.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table the bill (H. R. No. 636) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department, returned from the Senate with amend-
ments, and that it be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
There being no objection it was so ordered.
CASE OF HON. FRANCIS S. EDWARDS.
The question recurred on the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved, That Francis S. Edwards, a member of this
House from tlio State of New Vork, did, on the 23d day of
December last, attempt to induce Robert T. PAiNn,amcm-
ber of Urn House from the tftate of North Carolina, to vote,
contiaiy to the dictates of his judgment and conscioncc, on
a hill making a gr,mt of lands to aid in the construction of
a railroad in the Tenitory of Minnesota, by holding out a
pecuniary consideration to the said Paine for his support
of the said bill.
Resolved, That the said Francis S. Edwards be, and
he is hereby, expelled from this House.
Mr. RITCHIE. I understand that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Edwards] desires, ot
this time, to submit a few rcmrnks to the House.
Mr. EDWARDS. I have been a member of
this House for nearly two years, and I can say
honestly, and with a clear conscience, that I have
never given my vote on any measure or bill on
other than correct and honorable motives. 1 have
sometimes had to differ from some of my own
personal friends and those of my party in my
views of public duty, and lmvc sometimes enter-
tained opinions different from theirs; but I can
say that no selfish consideration ever enteied into
my mind to affect my judgment. With mem-
bers of Congress on this floor I have sought on
every occasion to boon terms of friendship. If!
have unwittingly given offense to any single mem-
ber of this House, I now ask his pardon. And
for myself, I will state that the hours that I have
spent in association with members on this floor
have been among the pluasantest of my life; and
I shall curry with me into retirement the con-
sciousness that f have never sought to do one of
them an injury. The circumstances which have
surrounded me, and the position assumed by the
committee, have compelled me to take a course
which I am about to announce to the House.
They have refused me that consideration which
my position and statement under oath deserved.
Under these circumstances no other course has
been left to me without a sacrifice of character and
sclf-renpcct. I can, however, say this much in
regard to it: that 1 am as free in my own heait
frotn any intent to do any wrong as any member
of this House. I have, however, bccome satisfied,
from the several votes which have been taken in
the House upon similar resolutions that, although
friends upon every side of the House, without
distinction of party, sympathize with me in the
position which I occupy, and perhaps regret that
the resolutions against me have been moved, and
wish that they were not what they are, yet from
tho force of circumstances and the sentiments of
their own immediate neighborhood, are con-
strained to vote for the recommendation of the
committee, in some instances against the dictates
of their better judgments.
To relieve ail such kind friends—and I know
there are many such in the House—from the diffi-
culty of such a position, I have determined on
resigning my place upon this floor. I have al-
ready communicated that fact to the Governor
of the State of New York, to take effect from the
time when I shall make that announcement to
the House, which I do at this time. In taking
my leave of the members of this House, I desire
to say, that I shall carry with me the kindest
regards towards every gentleman upon this floor.
Mr. RITCHIE moved to lay the resolutions
in 'lie Case of Mr. Edwards on the table.
'Hie motion was agreed to.
Mr. ORR moved to reconsider the vote by
■which the resolutions were laid on the table, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
EXPULSION OF SIMONTON AND TRIPLETT AS
REPORTERS.
The special reports of the select committee
having all been disposed of, the question was then
stated on the following resolution accompanying
the general report of said committee:
Resolved, That James W. Simonton be expelled from the
floor of this House as a reporter.
Mr. KELSEY. Mr. Speaker, if I had suc-
ceeded in obtaining the floor at an earlier stage
of the discussion growing out of the proceedings
upon the special reports of the select committee,
I should have presented my views in regard to
those reports somewhat at length. I desire now
simply to remark that the differences of opinion
in the committee were as to the proper reports to
be made to the House.
The defense made by my colleague, of the
course pursued by the committee during the in-
vestigation, if any defense were needed, relieves
me from saying anything in relation to the attacks
that have been so freely made upon the commit-
tee, and I should hold myself to be inexcusable
if I were to occupy the time of the House at this
stage of the session in any remarks in relation
to the reports and resolutions now before the
House; and unless some friend of the reporter
named in that resolution desires to be heard in his
behalf, 1 shall, without further delay, submit the
question to the House, and move the previous
question.
Mr. SAGE. I ask the gentleman from New
York to allow me to move an amendment to in-
clude Mr. Triplett in the resolution. I under-
stand that he is assigned a scat in this Hall as a
reporter.
Mr. KELSEY. I will allow the gentleman to
offer his amendment; and I now demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to inquire whether
it would be in order, with the permission of the
gentleman from New York, to move to amend
that resolution so as to include all persons, whether
ex-members or others, engaged in the prosecution
of claims?
Mr. KELSEY. If We attempt to accomplish
too much we shall accomplish nothing. I decline
to withdraw the demand for the previous question
for that purpose.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to offer it as an additional resolution ?
Mr. KELSEY. I deelinc to withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. ORR. 1 ask that the 19th rule be read.
The 19th rule was read, as follows:
" No person shall be allowed the privilege of the Hall
undcu the chaiactei of stuuouraphei without a written per-
mit-ion from the Speaker, «.pccifyniR the part of the Ilall
assigned to him ; and no ropoiror or stcnosiapher shall he
admitted under the iulrs of the Hous>c. unless &uch reporter
or stenographer shall ftate m writing for wh.it p.ipei or pa-
pers lie is employed to repoit. And no poit-on shall be ad-
mitted under the uiles of the House as a ieport<*r oi stenog-
rapher for anj papei or papers who shall he employed as an
agent to prosecute any claims pending in Congress ; and the
Speaker shall give Ins pernns-iou With this condition; and
not more than one reporter or stenographer shall be assigned
to the &amc seat."
Mr. SAGE. I understand that Mr. Triplett
has occupied a seat upon this floor as a reporter,
and therefore have moved the amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that no
reporter has been admitted to a seat upon this floor
except oil the condition that he was not an agent
for the prosecution of any claim pending before
Congress. In addition to that, a written state-
ment was also demanded from reporters askin°"
for a seat upon the floor that they were not such
agents. ^ This was done in every case, so far as
the Chair recollects; and if theie was an omission
in the case of Mr. Triplett, the Chair does not
know it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the Chair
will instruct the Doorkeeper to keep out all per-
sons who are not authorized to come upon the
floor under the rules of the House.
The SPEAKER. The House has already in-
structed the Doorkeeper to that effect.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then the Door-
keeper does not enforce the rules.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I understand that Mr.
Triplett has not exercised the privilege of a re-
porter to a seat upon this floor during this session
of Congress. If gentlemen wish to strike at him,
that is another thing.
Mr. BURNETT. I want to make a request
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Sage.1
Mr. MORGAN. I object to all debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair finds upon tha
files of the House the following statements in
writing to him from Mr. Triplett and Mr. Simon-
ton:
To the Speaker of the House of Representatives:
The undersigned respectfully begs leave to add to his
application for admission to the floor of the House as a
reporter for the New York Times, the assurance that he is
not interested in the prosecution of private claims before
Congress. JAMES W. SIMONTON.
Washington, February 19,1856.
Washington, February 6, 1856.
Sir : I desire to obtain a desk in the Hall to act as re-
porter for the Louisville (Kentucky) Journal. I state, on
honor, that I have never received nor been promised any
sum of money or compensation whatever in consideration
of any claim that has been or shall be presented to Congiess,
and that I will not become in any wise interested in any
such whilst occupying the position of a reporter, if it should
be assigned me.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, F. F. O. TRIPLETT.
Hon. N. P. Banks, Present.
The question was taken on the amendment; and
it was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the amendment was agreed to, I
want to make an appeal to the gentleman from
New York, and to this House. The chairman
of the select committee said he would yield to any
friend of Mr. Simonton to make a defense for
him, and X now ask that he yield to adefensefor
Mr. Triplett. [Cries of "Object!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
previous questioi^has been ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to re-
consider; and it was disagreed to.
Mr. NICHOLS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution as amended.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr.McMULLIN. I rise to make an inquiry.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. ELLIOTT. I ask for a division of the
question.
The SPEAKER. It is not susceptible of
| division, as the House has agreed to the inser-
| tion of the name of Mr. Triplett.
i The resolution as amended was adopted.
I Mr. KELSEY moved to reconsider the vote
: by which the resolution was adopted; and also
| moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BILL TO GUARD AGAINST CORRUPTION.
Mr. KELSEY. Is any action necessary on
the adoption of the report of the committee?
The SPEAKER. The House only acts on the
resolutions and measures reported by the com-
mittee as the conclusions of their investigation.
The Clerk will now read for the information of
the House the bill reported from the select com-
mittee.
Mr. SAVAGE. I object to the reception of
that bill, as I do not consider the committee had
authority to report it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
is as follows:
A Bill to protect the people against corrupt and secret in-
fluence in matters of legislation.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmcrica in Congress assembled,
That no person shall, directly or indirectly, offer or agree
to give any money or other valuable thing, or security for
any money or other valuable thing, to any person for the
service of such person, or of any other person, in aiding, or
advocating, or procuring, the passage or defeat of any meas-
ure before either House of Congress, or any committee of
cither House, to be paid or delivered on the contingency
of the passage or defeat of any measure before either House
of Congress, or before any committee of either House; and
that no person shall agree to accept oi recuive, or shall ac-
cept or receive, any money or other valuable thing for aid-
ing, or advocating, or procuring, the passage or defeat of any
measure before either House of Congress, or before any
committee of either House; and that every bargain, con-
tract, or security for any such compensation on any such
