1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
contingency, and all shifts and contrivances to cover or
conceal Mich bargain, are hereby declared null and void;
and the parties to any such bargain, contract, agreement,
or undo-landing, as well the party to pay as the party to
receive the money or other valuable thing, or security there-
for, on citiv such contingency as is above indicated, ate
hereby declaied gmlty of a misdemeanor; and on convic-
tion thereof beiore any court of the United States having
jun-dictio.i of the said offense, shall suffer imprisonment
in fhe C'outuhm jml for not Jess than six months, nor more
than one veat. and he subject to a fine of not less than one
hundred dollars nor more than one thousand dollars
toLC. 2 That no peison having any interest in the pas-
sage or deteat of any measure before either House of Con-
gie-s, and no agent or person acting l'or or representing
any other person as agent or attorney] in law or in fact, for
pioeuiing, aiding, or advocating the passage or defeat of
any measure befoic either Uoube of Congress, or before any
committee of either House, shall approach, converse with,
or explain to, or in any manner attempt to influence, any
member of either ITnu?e relative to such measure, without
first distinctly disclosing to such member whether he is in-
terested personally in his own light or as agent for any other
person m the pasoage or defeat of puch measure 5 and any
person who shall violate the provisions of this section is
hereby declared guiify of a misdemeanor, and on conviction
iheivof. beioie anv court of the United States, be punished
by impnsomnent for not less than one month nor more than
one yi'ar, and bj- a fine of not less than one hundred dollars
noi 11101 e than one thousand dollars.
Mr. KELSEY. Under the intimation con-
tained in the general report, I do not feel at lib-
erty myself to put that bill upon its passage. I
think it ought to be passed, and passed now; but
in accordance with the intimation made in our
report, I move to refer the bill to the Committee
of the Whole. I will withdraw the motion if
any gentleman desires to put the bill upon its pas-
sage.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the motion to
commit is voted down, will not the question be
upon ordering the bill to be engrossed and read
a third time ?
The SPEAKER. Tt will.
The motion to commit was not agreed to.
The question recurring upon ordering the bill
to be engrossed and read a third time,
Mr. GIUITMAN moved to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr ORR. I do hope the time of the House
will not be consumed with the consideration of
this bill. There seem to be gentlemen who are
opposed to the bill; and as we did not expect to
pass it, I hope the motion of my friend from Mis-
sissippi will prevail, though the bill ought to pass
at some future time.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. QUITMAN. 1 call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The Chair having
announced the vote, it is too late to call for the
yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the call is
too late upon laying the bill upon the table.
Mr, M1LLS0N". I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. As this bill seems likely to consume a j
great deal of time, I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to commit the bill to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. KELSEY. I move the previous question j
upon the passage of the bill. i
Mr. BLISS. We know nothing about the bill |
in this quarter. It has never been printed, and 1
it ought to lie over and be printed. We cannot !
understand so important a measure from its read- ;
ing aruid the confusion of this House. !
Mr. CtUITMAN. I call for the yeas and nays j
upon the passage of the bill. |
The yeas and nays were ordered. I
The bill was read in exlenso. !
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 move to lay the bill upon \
the table, and upon that I demand the yeas and j
nays. I
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a question of order. !
I desire to inquire whether, this bill being upon j
its passage, it is not in order to call for a separate
vote upon the two sections of the bill, first upon
section one and then upon section two? Gentle-
men may be in favor of the first section who are
not in favor of the last.
953
The SPEAKER. It is not; the enacting clause
attaches to the whole bill. It is competent for the
House to strike out by amendment, but not bv
division. 3
Mr. BOCOCK. As the previous question has
been called, it is not in order to move to strikeout.
The SPEAKER. That is true.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to submit that motion.
Mr. CLING-MAN. I object; the last part of
the bill is the most important and the best.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the following
bills: °
^ An act (H. R. No. 803) to establish Augusta,
in the State of Georgia, a port of delivery;
An act (H. R. No. 2) making appropriations
for the completion of the military roads in Ore-
gon Territory; and
_ An act (H. R. No. G17) to amend tlie twenty-
eighth section of the act of Congress, approved
August 30, 1842, entitled "An act to provide
revenue from imports, and to change and modify
existing laws imposing duty upon imports, and
for other purposes," prohibiting the importation
of obscene and indecent articles, so as to more
effectually accomplish the purposes for which
that provision was enacted.
Also informing the House that the Senate insist
upon their amendments to the bill of the House
(No. C14) making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June
30, 1858, and ask for a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses there-
on.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House insist upon its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate, and that a committee of
conference be appointed upon the part of the
House.
Mr. STANTON. I object.
CORRUPTION BILL—AGAIN.
The SPEAKER. The question recurs on the
motion of the gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Winslow] to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. WINSLOW. At the request of several
friends, I withdraw the motion to lay on the table.
I only made that motion because I had not had
time to consider well the bill, and could not vote
understandingly upon it.
Mr. QUITMAN. I renew the motion to lay
on the table, and call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 81, nays 10G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Ball, Baibour, Barclay, Henry
Bennett, Hendlev S. Bennett, Bingham, Biihop, Bliss,
Bocoek, Bradshaw, Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Bmlm-
game, Lewis D. Campbell, ChatFe<j, dawson, Cohax,
Cotmns, Covode. Cragm, Cruise, Damrell, Jacob C. Davis,
Timothy Davis, Denver, Be Witt, Dickson, Edie, Flakier,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Giangei, Harlan, Harrison, H<n*bf>it,
Hodges, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton, Howard, Kennett,
King, Knapp, Kunkel, Loiter, Mace, Iluinphiey Marshall,
McCarty, Million. Moigan, Morrill, Mott, Paikcr, Penning-
ton, Pettit, Pringle, Quitman, lticaud, Ilobbins, Robeits,
Robison, Sabm, Sage, Sapp, Simmons, Stanton, Svvopc,
Tappan, Thonngton, Thui&ton, Todd, Tyson, Vail, Wal-
bridge, Waldron, Cndwalader C. Washburno, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Watson* Wells, Winslow, and Woodiuti—81.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Allison, Benson, Branch,
Burnett, Cadwulader, James II. Campbell, John P. Camp- ;
bell, Carhto, Caruthers, Bayaid Clarke, Ezra Ulaik. Cling- '
man, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Cox, Crawlord, Cullen,
Cumback, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis, Day, Dean, j
Dtck, Dowdcll, Dunn. Duitee, Edmundson, Elhotf, RrarirJ j
Enghsft, Etlieudge, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, !
Foster, Galloway, Garneu,'Goode. Greenwood, Augustus
Hall, J. Morrison Hams, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Val-
entine B Hoitnn, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Kelly, Kelsey, Iudwell, Knight, Knowlton, Knox', Letcher,
Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMulhn, Mc-
Queen, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millward, Moore,
Morrison, Nichols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Packer, Peck,
Perry, Pike, Powell. Purviance, Puryear, Reade. Ready,
Ritchie, Ruffm, Sandidgc, Savage. Scott, Seward, Sherman,
Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, William II.
Smith, Spinner, Stewart, Palbott, Tavlor, Underwood,
Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Walker, Wanier, Watkms,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodworth, and
ZolltcofYer—106.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. FOSTER stated that Mr. Lake was con-
fined to his bed by sickness.
Has the main question
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STANTON. I desire here to ask the
unanimous consent of the House to withdraw my
objection to the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Campbell] to insist on the disagreeing
votes of the House, and to appoint a committee
of conference. The motive of my objection was
because the bill has not been considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
but as no other gentleman seems disposed to in-
terpose an objection, I withdraw mine.
There being no further objection, it was or-
dered that the House insist on its disagreeing
votes, and that a committee of conference be ap-
pointed to meet a like committee on the part of
the Senate.
Messrs Howard, Greenwood, and Leiter
were appointed such committee on the part of
the House.
CORRUPTION BILL—AGAIN.
question recurred on the passage of the
bzil.
Mr. QXTITMAN demanded the yeas and nays,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. "
been ordered?
The SPEAKER. It has been.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Then I want to ask
whether it is in order to move to reconsider the
vote ordering the main question ?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Then I make that mo-
tion, in order that the bill may lie over till to-
morrow, that we may have an opportunity of
seeing what we are called upon to vote on.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SAGE. Is the bill engrossed ?
Mr. CLIjNGMAN. It is too late to raise that
objection now. The bill has been read the third
time.
The SPEAKER. The objection comes too late.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 104, nays 88; as follows:
YEAS —Me^rs. Aiken, Allison, Flendley S. Bennett,
Benson, Bingham, Burnett, OadwaJadcr, James II. Camp-
bell, John P. Campbell, Lewi.-, D. Campbell, Oarhle, Ca-
ruthers, Ca&kie, Ezra Giaik, Chngman, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Cox, Crawlord, Cullen, CumbacK, Davidson, Henry
Winter Davis, Day, Dean, Dick, Dovvdeil, Dunn, Durt'ee,
Edmundson, Elliott, Ermie, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Foster, Garnett, Goode, Greenwood, J. Mornaon
Ilairis, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Hairis, Haven,
Hoffman, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Jewett, Georgo
W. Jones, Kelly, Kidwell, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McQueen, Kilhan Miller, Smith Miller,
Moore, Morrison, Mott, Norton, Orr, Packer, Peck, Perry,
Pike, Powell, Purviance. Puiyear, Ready, Ritchie, Ruffin,
riandidge, Savage, Scott, Seward. Sherman, Samuel A.
Smith, William "Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner, Stran-
ahan, Talbott, Tavlor, Undcnvood, Valk, Wade, Wake-
man, Walker, Warner, Watkins, Welch, Wheeler, Wil-
liams, Wood, Woodruff, Woodworth, Daniel B. Wnght,
John V. Wright, and Zolkcoffer—104.
NAYS—Meshra. Albright, Allen, Ball, Barbour, Barclay,
Henry Bennett, Bilhnghui&t, Bishop, Bliss, Bocoek, Bowie,
Bradshaw. Brenton, Broom, Buffinton, Buihngame, Chaf-
J:
E ,   ?
Galloway,' Granger, Harlan, Herbert, Hodges, Hollowav',
Thomas R. Horton, flowaid, Hughston, Kennett, King,
Knapp, Kunkcl, Loiter. Lindley, Mace, Alexander K.
Maishall, Millson, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Nichols,
Andievv Oliver, Parker, Pclton, Pennington, Pettit, Porter,
Puugle, Uuitman, Rieaud, Robbms, l!obori?, Robison,
Sabm, Sagp, Sapp, Simmons, Stanton, Stewart, Swope,
Tappan. Thorington, Thurston, Todd, Tiafton, Vail, WaU
bridge, Waldron, Cadivalader C. Washburno, Eihhu B.
Wabhburne, Watson, Wells, Whitney, and Wmslow—88.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the vote,
Mr. ELLIOTT said: I desire to know before
casting my vote whether, if, for instance, one of
my constituents were to present a petition here,
and to state to me that he had no interest in it  
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to debate
the bill.
Mr. ELLIOTT. Then I shall decline to vote
until I consider the bill.
Subsequently, Mr. Elliott, after reading the
bill, voted " ay.33
Mr. McMULLIN stated that if he had been
present when his name was called, he would have
voted against the bill.
Mr. CLARKE, of New York, stated that if he
had been present when his name was called, he
should have voted "ay."
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill before the House %vaa
