THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
passed. 1 voted in the affirmative on the ,
of the bill for the purpose of being enabled there-
by to make this motion. I wanted to see if I
cannot arrest this species of legislation, before
the subject passes 'from the consideration of the
House.
In the first place, Mr. Speaker, I have had no
opportunity to see this bill before this morning1,
and while the House had the subject under con-
sideration. It may as well be known to the
American people, that while this important meas-
ure was before the House, and being passed
through the forms of legislation, gentlemen were
clustered in squads through the Hall catching a
glimpse—a first look—at the bill. I do not be-
lieve that another copy was in the House than
this which I hold in my hand; and this one Came
here, I am informed, pasted in the report of the
select committee. I respectfully submit, then,
to the House, that a bill ought never to be passed
here under such circumstances. Such a bill as
this should not, under any circumstances, become
a law, or receive the sanction of this House. I
cannot believe that it meets the approbation of
the distinguished gentlemen who introduced it.
They, surely, have not considered the scope and !
effect of this measure. On the face of the bill 1
appears an attempt to denounce contracts made
on the contingencies of legislation as champcr-
tous and void, even when made by citizens in the
country, who are not members of Congress, have
no connection with Congress, and no obligations
or duties to be redeemed or performed within
these walls. But the bill does not contain the
phraseology to secure even this point. It docs
not attack champertous bargains, yet goes much
further. I read from the first section of the bill:
11 Be it cnactcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jimcrica i n Congress assembtei!, That
uo person shall, directly or indirectly, offer or agtee to give
any money or other valuable thing, or eecuuty for uuy
money or other valuable thing, to any person for the scrvice
of such person, or of any other person, in nidmg or advo-
cating or procuring the passage or defeat of any measine
before either House of Coiigiv^,oi any committeeof either
House, to bo paid ordclivoied on the contingency oi tho
passage or defeat of any measure befote either House of
Congress, or before any committee of either House."
Gentlemen say that the prohibition of this
clause extends only to champertous cases; that it
denounces only contracts made contingent upon
the success or defeat of legislative propositions.
It assumes that it may be well enough to employ
a man at a certain fee to procure the passage of
a bill, or to defeat the passage of a bill; but that
it becomes a very grave offense when he is em-
ployed for a contingent fee. Did the authors of
this bill mean to go no further than to denounce
the practice of engagements for contingent com- j
pensations? Are we then arrived at the point j
when we feel it to bo a public duty to interfere in !
the manner of making contracts between the
people of this country, as to the advocacy or op-
position which shall be made to measures that
may be brought forward for the attention of Con-
gress, yet are we to bound our superlative moral-
ity by the distinction between a ccrtam foe and a
contingent fee? Do you mean to enact that the
attorney or agent may act for twenty dollars in
hand, and be esteemed a gentleman, but if he
takes a hundred dollars, in case of success, he is
to be denounced as a culprit? Why, Mr. Speaker,
contingent fees are not always champertous.
Champerty is denounced because the puity con-
tracts tor part of the matter in litigation, or that
waits decision, and the law denounces it because
it tends to promote litigation, and offers induce-
ment to fraud or peijury. But it is not so with
a contingent compensation not to be paid out of
the matter in dispute; there the bargain rests upon
the happening of an event,and the party gathers
his reward from the other party, and not out of
the fund which is submitted to adjudication.
Lawyers frequently take contingent fees; so much
in case such a deciee is rendered, so much more
in the event of another result being attained, or
so much less should no favorable result be ac-
complished. Nothing is more common in the
country than for attorney and client to contract
on the basis of a percentage upon the amount
which shall be the result of a litigation, and I
am not ready to denounce such a practice as either
immoral, or so unworthy as to deserve condign
punishment. I know such contract# are frequent
m the State from which I come, and I have
frequently made such myself during my practice
of law; indeed, this class of contracts is frequent-
ly preferred to certain fees, and notunfrequently
is both most convenient and agreeable to parties,
client as well as attorney or agent. Certainly,
I think, if persons may make any contract at
all touching business which is to come before
Congress, or is pending before Congress, we need
not expend legislative energy on the distinction
between certain and uncertain or contingent con-
tracts as the measure of compensation. That
matter may as well be left to the determination of
the parties interested, without any congressional
interference whatever.
Mr. Speaker, 1 submit any criticism upon the
work of the select committee with great diffidence,
more especially since they have been heralded to
the whole Union as a combination of rare talent
and most enlarged juridical experience; but I will
venture to suggest that, if the object of this bill
was to strike at champerty, they have missed the
point altogether, and have only denounced the
taking of contingent fees. They do not denounce
this class of engagement when it shall occur be-
tween members of Congress and persons having
business before Congress; the bill does not point
in that direction at all, nor need it to have done
so, since that is novo a criminal offense denounced
by the existing law, and applicable to all mem-
bers who have taken the oath of office. Whether
a law should be made to prevent an engagement
touching a measure that may come before a Con-
gress to which an individual is elected, but into
which he has not yet been inducted or sworn,
does not seem to have occurred to the select com-
mittee; at least that case is not embraced by this
bill. This bill, in the clause I have read, only
denounces a contingent bargain, while it does not
turn the frowns of the law upon a certain stipu-
lated amount, when iixed as compensation. The
bill, then, has no reference to members of Con-
gress; it operates in quite another direction, and
seems to embrace transactions occurring, or to
occur, in the country between lawyer and client,
or principal and agent, where the subject-matter
to which the transaction relates is likely to be-
come, or in fact has become, a subject for con-
gressional consideration.
In this view 1 ask Representatives to contem-
plate the probable effect of this act. Why, I could
not sit in my office at Louisville, and be employed
by any man to write his papers preparatory to an
application to Congress, without subjecting my-
self, as well as the memorialist, to the penalty of
imprisonment and fine, under this bill. Observe
the next clause of the first section. It reads as
follows:
u And that no person shall agree to accept or receive, or
shall acceptor leecivo. any money oi other valuable thing for
aiding or advocating oi piocnung the passage or deleat of
any measure before either House of Congress, or belorc any
committee of either Hous>o; and that eveiy bargain, con-
tiact, or becuiity, for any bueh compensation on any such
contingency, and fill shifts and connivances to cover or
conce.il «<uch baigdin, aie heieby declared null and void;
and the parlies to any such bargain, eontiaet, agieement,
oi urideistamiing, as well tho pativ to pav as the party to
receive the money or other valuable thing, or seeuuty
therefor, on any such contingency as is above indicated, aie
hereby declaied guutv ot a misdemeanor; and on conviction
tlu'ieof hefoie any court of the United States having juris-
diction of the said offense, shall suffer imprisonment in the
common jail for not less than six months nor more than one
yeai, and be subject to a fine of not le s than one hundred
doll.us nor more than one thousand dollars."
The idea of a contingency is here dropped; and
the prohibition against accepting any kind of com-
pensation for the advocacy of any measure that is
brought before Congress becomes absolute. Do
you propose to put a citizen in the penitentiary,
or the common jail, for accepting compensation
to advocate a measure pending before a commit-
tee, no matter whot its character? Would you
imprison counsel who would, for a pecuniary
reward, agree to appear before a congressional
committee for his neighbor or his friend ? Who
ever heard of such a law as this in a free country,
or even in a despotism/ What! shall Congress
essay the task of erecting itself into an immacu-
late tribunal that cannot be approached by Amer-
ican citizens, whether for the redress of their own
guuvances or for those of their friends or employ-
ers? I tell you frankly, Mr. Speaker, there is a
I unit to the powers of Congress, and if you exceed
that limit the American people will laugh your
law to utter scorn. Observe the terms of that
part of the bill that I am now discussing. What
penalties are here! It says, to the conducter of
the public press—in these latter days mis-styled
" the palladium of civil liberty"—" You shall not,
for a reward, advocate or resist any measure
pending before Congress." It says to the attor-
ney, " You shall not accept a fee to attend to any
business before Congress.5' It says to the agent in
the Court of Claims, " When your measure comes
before Congress, you must drop your reward or
leave your bill to the mercy of a congressional
committee, without explanation by you of its
merits or the reasons for its passage We are
immaculate; and when Congress is in session no
man whose garments are stained by the odor of
compensation for his services, shall draw nigh
under the pain of being put into the penitentiary V9
Sir, in the old time, Congress made it sedition
to speak or write freely about this body. Have
we so soon come back to the era when you think
it safe to pass a new sedition act ? Can we not
bear the criticisms of the press, that we must
break our necks to pass a law like this ? Are we
so delicate that we shrink if the air of Heaven
breathes on us too roughly? Do you imagine,
sir, that purity is to be let here on a policy of insur-
ance, and the premium to be paid is to consist of
pains and penal sanctions against such as make
any contracts between themselves touching busi-
ness this body may be called on to transact? Do
you mean to pass an act to imprison a citizen for
advocating a measure, no matter how just and
proper it may be, or for resisting a measure, no
matter how iniquitous it may be, if he receives
or stipulates for any compensation for his time,
trouble, or capacity ? Did the select committee
think this bill was the proper sequel of their labors?
Mr. Speaker, when Utopia shall become a reality,
the community of these States may possibly arise
to that perfect state in which such penalties may
become proper for such acts as the bill denounces;
not until then. But let me pass on. The next
section of the bill reads as follows:
" Sec. 2. That no person having any interest in the pas-
sage or defeat of any measure before either House of Con-
gress, and no agent or person acting for or representing any
other person as agent or attorney, in law or m fact, for pro-
curing, aiding, or advocating the passage or defeat of any
measure before either House of Congiess, or before any
committee of either House, shall approach, converse with,
or explain to, or in any manner attempt to influence any
member of either House relative to such measuie, without
first distinctly disclosing to such member whether he is
interested personally m his own light or a agent foi any
other person in the passage or defeat of such measme ; and
any person who shall violate the provisions of this section
is hereby declared guilty of a misdemeanor, and on convic-
tion thereof before any court of the United States be pun-
ished by imprisonment for not less than one month nor more
than one year, and by a fine of not less than $100, nor more
than $1,000."
What is thegtsi of this section? Mark well:
It is not that a member shall not be approached,
but that he shall not be " approached" by any
party who does not disclose his interest! Why should
Congress pass such a provision ? Suppose my
constituent should approach me, being inimical
to me, to abuse me for my course on a measure
pending before Congress: do you imagine I would
consent to put him in the penitentiary for it?
No, sir. So long as he does not insult me, he
has a right, as one of the people, to talk to me
or about me in connection with public affairs, as
he chooses, and I stand by his right to do so here
and elsewhere. Should he " approach " me to ad-
vise me as a friend, and forget to tell me whether
he had a personal interest m the subject on which
he proposed to converse, I should dislike to feel
that it was my duty, as one of the lawmakers of
the land, to inform him that he ought to go to the
penitentiary! Ah! but gentlemen say, let him
then disclose his interest. I suppose, then, the se-
lect committee means to say when he discloses his
interest he may approach and converse with the
members as much as he chooses, and it will be all
right. What is ths purpose of this distinction?
Obviously to protect the members of Congress
from their own want of discrimination as to the
real merits of a subject proposed for their action,
by showing them whether the person who talks
of the subject is interested in it or not—a sort of
finger-post to guide the discretion of the member
—a caveat against impositionupon the men who are
selected to guide the policy and control the insti-
tutions of a great country! Imagine a case under
the law. One who has taken a certain fee to ob-
tain the passage of a measure enters my room or
meets me on the street. Methinks i see him
