956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
which they have in a court of justice—the right
to employ attorneys, to undertake to prepare a
case and advocate it with honest and just reasons,
and to present those reasons to this body. Why
should members of Congress refuse to listen to
all arguments and reasons, because urged by at-
torneys or agents paid for such services? Do
they fear that they themselves will be influenced
by improper considerations ?
1 ask where this kind of legislation is to end ?
It is now proposed to exclude from interference
persons having a pecuniary interest. Next, I
suppose, they would exclude the man who has a
•sectional interest, and next the man who has a
political interest in the question, from coming
here for the purpose of advocating or approving
any measure. I am opposed to all attempts at
curtailing the right of a citizen to come here and
advocate or oppose any measure, public or pri-
vate. And where will you stop if you once begin
such a system ? Rut, Mr. Speaker, I will not
multiply arguments on this subject. The gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. H. Marshall] has
well said that there is in the first section of the
bill an independent clause from all the others,
which makes it penal on the part of any person
to embark, for a pecuniary consideration, in the
prosecution of any claim before Congress, in any
shape whatever.
1 will pass on to another and more serious ob-
jection. Whence do we get the power of thus
multiplying and creating new crimes ? Where do
you find in the Constitution such power given to
the Federal Government? This Government has
not general jurisdiction over crimes and their pun-
ishment. The framers of the Constitution clearly
intended to limit the power of Congress on this
subject. They declared in what cases Congress
should be permitted to establish the punishment
of crimes and offenses, thus leaving the inference
that this power was limited to those cases. But
we have already passed a law which, in reference
to prosecutions or investigations before Congress
or committees, establishes now rules of evidence,
and punishes severely those who may not comply
with the severe rules of the law. We are now
going a step further. We are carrying the cen-
tral power of this great Government down to the
States, and to the domestic circles of the people.
We are making new classes of offenses, and
stretching our powers so far as to invade the rights
of the States, and bring the relations of private
society under our jurisdiction; for, Mr. Speaker,
if Congress has power to make new crimes and
offenses out of the relations of the constituent and
his representative in Congress—if it has power
to regulate the intercourse between them, I ask
whether there is any limit to the power of Con-
gress? I, for one, am opposed to the increase and
multiplication of constructive crimes by law. I
think it is a bad sort of legislation in the States,
and a usurpation on the part of the Federal Gov-
ernment, to create a new branch of offenses out
of the relations which may possibly grow out of
the connection of this Government with the States
and the people. I see no difference between this
and the attempt by Congress, at one peiiod of
our history, to make it punishable byline and
imprisonment to uttur language disrespectful to
the President or the heads of Departments. I
gee no difference between this class of legislation :
and the alien and sedition law. I hope, there-
fore, the House will reconsider the vote.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The committee
recommended to the House the consideration of
this law as in some measure tending to redress
evils which occasioncd the House to raise that
committee. The committee did not press on the
House the consideration of the bill at this time.
It wys put on its passage by the motion of some
other gentleman. Now that it is on its passage,
I may be allowed to explain what I think has been
very seriously misapprehended—the precise effect
winch the law is to accomplish, if it be passed.
The first section is carrying out into a positive
law this sentence in the opinion of the Supreme
Court—that all contracts for a contingent com-
pensation for obtaining legislation, or to use per-
sons or any secret or sinister influence over legis-
lators are void by the policy of the law; and sec-
ondly, that sccrecy as to the character under
which the agent or solicitor acts tends to dissipa-
tion, and is immoral and fraudulent. And I beg
leave to express my judgment that it is bs#ause
of the allowance of that style of influence that the
reputation of the House of Representatives has,
within the last few years, descended many de-
grees in the opinion of the people; and it is the
effort of the committee, in reporting this law, to
enact that hereafter the exercise of these influ-
ences shall be punishable, so that when gentle-
men shall be approached by influences of this
kind, they cannot only throw them off, but bring
them to the notice of the country, so that they
will not be repeated.
The first section of the bill punishes the bar-
gaining to receive, or the actual receiving of any
compensation contingently paid on the passage or
defeat of any bill. That is now contrary to the
existing law of the land; and the only change
which that section makes, is to make that thing
penal. I ask gentlemen here if it is not some-
thing which ought to be made penal, that a man
should come to influence the conduct of gentlemen
in this House, not by fair and open communica-
tion, but by approaches prompted by heavy con-
tingent compensation, depending on the passage
of the bill which he is advocating, so that he may
be enabled to pay fifty, a hundred, or two hun-
dred thousand dollars—as is said to have been
the case with reference to the Collins steamer bill
a year or two ago—out of the money to be appro-
priated in this House, which, in that case, con-
stitutes a corruption fund to destroy the public
influence of the House, and pervert the course of
public legislation? If the bill proposes to make
a contingent compensation penal, it is only for
receiving or bargaining to receive the compensa-
tion contingent on the passage or defeat of a bill here,
or for aiding m the passage or defeat of it, that it
is rendered penal, and no other.
Well, sir, is it punishable in the penitentiary?
The law says " in the common jail," and not in
the penitentiary. It is a misdemeanor, and not a
felony. It is not a harsh punishment. I think
it is a moderate punishment, to secure the purity
of legislation. And for lack of it, more than one
State in this Union is now laboring under an im-
mense load of debt, brought about by enormous
combinations of secret conspirators against the
public good, to be paid out of the very plunder
that is stolen from the Treasury. Nothing of the
kind. The only right which any member has,
or which any man in the country has, is that
guarantied to him to petition Congress; and the
right of petitioning Congress is not touched by
the bill. It says that u no person having an in-
terest in any measure" shall do so and so. 16 Oh,
but"—say gentlemen—44 if we are engaged on the
subject of duties on wool, a gentleman having a
flock of sheep is interested in the variation of the
tariff." The interest here means legal interest
depending on the bill, and growing directly from
it It means that kind of interest which, under
the rules of the House, excludes a man from
voting. I am surrounded by gcntlemenwho are
sheep-growers, and merchants, and importers and
manufacturers; but for weeks and weeks, while
we were disagreeing and voting on the tariff bill,
nobody ever dreamed of their being excluded*by
the rules of the House.
Mr. STANTON. I -would be glad to know
of the gentleman from Maryland whether a stock-
holder in a railroad corporation, for which a bill
granting land was before Congress, would not be
included within the terms of this bill?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Most undoubt-
edly; and that interest would preclude any gen-
tleman on this floor from casting his vote upon
such a bill. It would be scandalous legislation
that would permit any gentleman, directly inter-
ested in a grant of the public domain, to vote
upon the bill making such grant.
Mr. STANTON. One question more I wish
to ask the gentleman from Maryland, whether a
person engaged in manufacturing, and interested
in change of duty upon the article manufactured,
would not also be included within this bill?
Mr. DA VIS, of Maryland. Most clearly not;
i because that is a subject of public legislation in
| which the manufacturer can have no direct legal
; personal interest. Such an interest would not
i touch gentlemen upon this floor, who have been
l voting within the last three weeks upon the
, tariff. No man has dreamed that he was excluded
; from voting upon that bill on account of personal
i interest. It is a direct legal personal interest,
which alone can be affected by the provisions of
this bill. Every man has an interest in a public
act. Every man is interested in general legisla-
tion. Every man is interested in whatever affects
a public interest of any kind. Whoever sup-
posed that a member of this House, having the
same interest in a measure as every citizen of the
country, was prohibited from voting on that
measure? If gentlemen in this House are pro-
hibited from voting upon measures in which they
have an interest in common with every citizen of
the country, no gentleman could vote upon any
general measure before Congress.
Well, sir, is it like the case arising in court,
which has been mentioned here, where an attor-
ney gives his opinion amicus curias ? I undei take
to say that there is not a court in the country
where, if a person who was retained as counsel
.in the case, or was personally interested in the
case, should give advice to the court amicus wirim,
he would not be stricken from the roll. This
case was cited in my hearing as an illustration
before Chief Justice Taney. It was cited by Rev-
erdv Johnson as an extreme case of palpable bad
faith, and all the parties in the trial assented.
Well, sir, I ask the question, in reference to
the bill before us, is it right for a person to in-
sinuate himself into the confidence of a member
of Congress, under the guise of a disinterested
man, for the purpose of inducing the member to
vote for a measure in which he was personally
interested? His advice would be listened to with
much less distrust if it came from a man who was
here merely as a patriot, at his own expense, for
the public good, as a legislative schoolmaster for
teaching members of Congress how to legislate.
Sir, when a man comes under such a guise for
the purpose of inducing a member of Congress to
vote for a measure in which he has a personal
interest, I say that, be he who he may, unless it
is an accident, he is guilty of a fraud that no
honorable man would perpetrate. Sir, the object
and effect of the bill is to make legislation public
and not private; to make legislation open and not
secret; honest and not dishonest; to clear away
the clouds that have been hanging over the repu-
tation of this House. It is with ^hat view alone
that this bill has been reported. In my judgment,
it accomplishes that purpose. I now move to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. DOWDELL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
propound a question to the gentleman from Mary-
land, [Mr. Davis,] to ascertain the construction*
given by the committee to the first section of this
bill. Before doing so, however, permit me to say
that just now I voted for the bill upon hearing it
road at the Clerk's desk, bccause I approved of
what I considered its object, viz; to guard Con-
gress and the people against corrupt influences.
Since a more careful examination of its provision®,
I am apprehensive that the language is not suffi-
ciently guarded to reach its object without involv-
ing important rights of the citizen. Under this
impression, whilst I am prepared to go to any
legitimate length to throw proper guards around
this body and prevent all corrupt influences, a
sacred regard to the rights of the citizen must be
maintained. Unless I miscontrue the first section,
after acareful reading, I believe that injustice may
be done to the people, and shall therefore vote to
reconsider the bill, in order to its reference to the
Judiciary Committee for perfecting and amend-
ing it.
My question is this. Suppose, sir, a constit-
uent of mine who resides at a great distance from
the national capital holds a just and proper claim
against the Government, which requires for its
payment the passage of an act; that he is unable,
for the want of time and means, to be here to
attend to his case; that, thus situated, he employs
an attorney or agent to fairly explain and present
his claim for consideration: now I want to know,
if he should promise to remunerate his attorney
or agent out of the proceeds of said claim if al-
i lowed, whether he would be subject to the penal-
' ties prescribed in the first section ? It appears to
me that he might be, and therefore I shall vote to
reconsider.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Such a contract
is now, by existing law, illegal, and so decided
by the Supreme Court of the United States. This
law only makes it punishable.
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the gentleman from
Maryland to withdraw the call for the previous
question to allow me to propound a question.
