1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WINSLOW called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelly and
Barbour were appointed.
Mr. RUFFIN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
"74, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Ball, Henry Bennett, Benson,
Bitlinghurst, Bishop, Bhss, Bowie, Branch, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Comnis, Crawford, Cullen, Hemy
Winter Davis, Dean, Denver, De Win, Dick, Dickson,
Dowdell, Durfee, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans, Florence,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison
flams, Sampson W. Harris, Hauison, Haven, Herbert,
Hoffman, Howard, Kelly, Kelsey, King, Knapp, Knight,
Humphrey Marshall, Maxwell, Smith Miller, Morrill, Mur-
ray, Nichols, Packer, Paine, Parker, Peck, Pelton, Pettit,
Furviance, Ricaud, Itobbins, Ruffin, Sabin, Sapp, Stewart,
Stranahan, Thorington, Trafton, Tyson, Wade, Cadwala-
der C. Washbume,EUihu B. Washburne, Watson, Welch,
Williams, Winslow, Woodruff, and Woodworth—74.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Albright, Baibour, Barclay,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bingham, Boeock, Boyce, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Buffinton, Burhnjrame, Burnett, Cadwalader,
James H. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Carhle, Caskie,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfa\, Covode, Cox, Cumback,
Damrell, Day, Dodd, Dunn, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Faulkner, Foster, Goode, Granger, Robert B. Hall, Harlan,
Thomas L. Harris, Ilodges, Holloway, Valentine B. Horton,
Houston, Hughston, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones, Knovvlton,
Knox, Kunkel, Leiter, Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S.
Marshall, McCarty, McMullm, Millson, Millward, Mooie,
Morrison, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Perry, Powell,
Quitman, Ready, Roberts, Savage, Scott, Shorter, Sim-
mons, William Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner, Stanton,
Talbott, Tappan, Tayloi, Thurston, Todd, Vail, Waldron,
Warner, Israel Washburn, Wood, Daniel B. Wright, and
John V. Wright—85.
So the rules were not suspended.
LEAVE TO PRINT A SPEECH.
Mr. TYSON. I have been endeavoring for the
last three or four weeks to obtain the floor for the
purpose of submittingsome remarks to the House,
butithas been utterly impossible; and I now ask
the permission of the House to print those re-
marks. [Cries of "Agreed!"]
WILLIAM CUMMINS AND THOMAS M.NOR-
GRANE.
Mr. TYSON. I ask the consent of the House
to report, from the Committee on Commerce, a bill
for the relief of Willianf Cummins and Thomas
M. Norgrane, of the city of Philadelphia, State of
Pennsylvania. I will state^that it is simply a bill
to grant a register to a vessel.
No objection was made; and the bill was re-
ported, received its several readings, and was
passed.
Mr. LETCHER moved to ahriend the title, so
as to read " A bill to authorize the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue a register to the bark Ann
Elizabeth."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
DONN PIATT.
Mr. STANTON. I have a small request to
make of the House. There is a Senate bill lying
on the Speaker's table, making a small appropri-
ation. A bill has been reported from a commit-
tee of this House, in the same case, granting
some three times as much. I ask that the Senate
bill may be taken up, and put on its passage. It
is simply to grant the difference between the
salary of a secretary of legation and a charge
d'affaires for a very short time.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that the bill for the re-
lief of Donn Piatt?
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the motion, and tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
Mr. LETCHER demanded tellers upon the
motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millward,
and Smith of Virginia, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 90, noes 40.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted therefor.)
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, (at a quarter past
four o'clock,) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay, out of any moneys in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Donn
Piatt, late acting charge d'aifatres of the United
States at Paris,"the sum of $2,114, it being the
amount of the difference between the salary re-
ceived by him as secretary of legation at Pari-0
and that of charge d'affaires, for the term of
fourteen days, in October, 1854, and from De-
cember 26, 1854, until May 1,1855, and also from
the 3d to the 11th of September, 1855, together
with the usual outfit of a charge d'affaires.
It appears, from the report, that Mr. Piatt was
appointed, and entered upon the discharge of the
duties of secretary of the legation at Paris, on the
5th of April, 1854. That duiing the mgnth of
October, 1854, Mr. Mason, our Minister at Paris,
was absent from his post for fourteen days at the
conference atOstend,under orders from his Gov-
ernment, and that he constituted Mr. Piatt charge
d'affaires during his absence. That Mr. Mason
was wholly incapacitated from discharging the
functions ofhis office by severe illness, from the
26th of December, 1854, to the 1st of May, 1855.
That Mr. Mason was absent from Pans, traveling
for his health, from the 3d to the 11th of Septem-
ber, 1855, during which Mr. Piatt had charge of
the affairs of the mission, making one hundred
and forty-seven days that he discharged the duties
of charge d'affaires, for which he has only received
the salary of secretary of legation.
Mr. STANTON. This bill does not, like the
House bill, provide for an outfit, but merely for
the difference of pay.
Mr. LETCHER. That will come next year.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will it be in order
to affix the report just read as a preamble to the
bill?
The SPEAKER. It will be in order to amend
the bill, if the call for the previous question is
not sustained.
Mr. FLAGLER demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Goode and
Moore were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 90, noes 28.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered to be put; and
under the operation thereof, the bill was ordered
to be read a third time, and was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. STANTON called the previous question
upon tiie passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.p
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 49; as follows:
YEAS—Me^is. Aiken, Albnght, Ball, Bat hour, Benson,
Bilhrigburst, Binpham, Bi^iop, Bli^s, Bowiv, Buifintou,
Burhngaine, Jairies II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chalice, dawson, Clinsman, Colfax, Comms, Covode,
Crajjin, Cumbaek, Damiell, Hemy Wjnf'i D.ivh, De Will,
Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn, English, Etheudgo, r'u>tis,
Evans, Flagler, Galloway, Hailan, J. Morusort Harris,
IJarnson, H.iven, Hodges,*Hollowa\, Valentine 13. Ilorton,
Hughston, Kelsey,Keunett,King, Knapp, Knight, Knowl-
tonj Knox, Leitcr, Lmdley, Humphrey Mai-hall, McCarty,
Killian Millei, Smith Miller, Miihvaid, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott,Muiray. Nichols, Norton, Oir, Paine, Parker,
Pelton, Pennington, i'ettit, Poi rer,Pnngle, Ricaud, Roberts,
Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Shorter, Simmons, William
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thorington,
Thurston, Tiai'ton, Tyson, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndge,
Walker, Cadwalader C.Washburne, Elhhu B.Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Wood, Wood-
ruff, and Woodworth—102.
NAYS—Messrs Barclay, Ilenrv Bennett, Brenton, Bur-
nett, Cadwalader, Cathie,Camtiiers, Ezta Claik, William-
son It. VV. Cobb, Crawioid, Day, Dean, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, Elliott, Florence, Foster. Thoma- J D. Fuller, Garnctt,
Augustus Hall, Sampson W. Han is, Thomas L. Ham?,
Hoffman, Ilou-ton, Jewott, Geoigc^V. Jones, Kidwell.
Taylor, Underwood, Warner, Daniel B. Wnglir, and John 1
V*. Wright—49. !
So the bill was passed.
Mr. LETCHER. 1 ask for the reading of the ,
title of the bill. <
The title was read, as follows: i
An act for the relief of Donn Piatt. ]
Mr. LETCHER. I move to amend the title
by striking out the whole of it, and inserting in
lieu thereof the following;;
An act repealing so much of the act of 1842 as
prohibits the payment of extra compensation to
Government officers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment to the title was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table for consideration the bill of the
House (No. 566) reducing the duty on imports,
and for other purposes, with the Senate amend-
ment thereto.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope we shall have a full
House when that is taken up.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 propose that the House
proceed to the business upon the Speaker's table
regularly.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to sus-.
pend the rules, to take up that bill.
Mr. LETCHER (at four o'clock and forty-five
minutes) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that there be a call
of the House. I want a full House when that
bill is considered.
Mr. ORR. If the bill h' not acted upon to-day
it will be defeated altogether.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays npou the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I would inquire of the
Chair, if it i<s in order to move to take a recess
until seven o'clock?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
The question was taken on 'Mr. Letcher**
motion, that there be a call of the House, and it
was not agreed to.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I would inquire of the
Chair whether it is now in order to move that the
House take a recess until seven o'clock?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done, there
being objection.
Mr. CARUTHERS. Who objects?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I move to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in order
if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] with-
draws his motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I do not with-
draw my motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered upon Mr.
Campbell's motion.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the bill (H.
R. No. 566) reducing the duties on imports, and
fur other purposes, was taken from the Speaker's
table, and the amendment of the Senate thereto
was read.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved the pre-
vious question on the amendment.
Mr. TODD. I move to iay the bill on the table,
and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ELLIOTT moved a call of the House.
Mr. McMULLIN called for tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Elliott and
Granger, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-live, noes not counted.
' So a call of the House was refused.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the bill on the table; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas 32, nays 136; as follows;
YEAS— Messrs. Allison, Barbour, Barclay, Bingham,
Blios, Bioom,CoUd\, Covode, Cumback, Dick, Dodd. Har-
lan, HnUowav, Hughston, Knight, Kunkel, Lmdley, Mc-
Carty, Killiaii Millei, Morgan, Packer, Pettit, Purvmnce,
RooerN, Sapp, Stanton, Todd, Tyson, Wade, Walbndge,
Waldion. and Watcon—3,?.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Aibiight. Ball, Hendley b. Ben-
netti Benson, Bishop, Boeock, Bowie, Bradshaw. Brenton,
Bulllnum, Buihngame, Cadwalader, James 1J Campbell,
Le<viv D. Campbell, Caiiile, Caiuther?, Ca*kie, Chaffee,
Bavard Clarke. Ezra Clark, dawson, Clinsman, William-
son 11. W. Cobb, Cosmiis. Cragm, Craige, Ciawr'ord, Dam-
rell$ Davidson; Henry Winter Davis, Dean, Denver, De
