THE CONGBESSIONAI, GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. a
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 1857.
New Series....No. 61.
Mr. BURNETT moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HERBERT called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burnett
and Pettit were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 81; noes 75.
. So the motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly (at six o'clock and twenty minutes)
adjourned till Monday.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 2, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo.
The Jou rnal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
order from the standing committees of the House.
Mr. MACE obtained the floor.
MESSAGE FROM TH'E SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed bills of the fol-
lowing titles without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. G13) to establish three ad-
ditional land districts in the Territory of Kansas;
An act (PI. R. No. 212) to establish three addi-
tional land districts in the Territory of Nebraska;
and
An act (H. R. No. 851) authorizing the issue
of a register to the bark Ann Elizabeth.
Also, that the Senate had passed, with amend-
ments, a bill of the House (No. 635) to supply de-
ficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1857; in which he was
desired to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate insisted on their amend-
ments to the several bills of the House entitled:
An act (No. 5G6) to reduce the duty onimports,
and for other purposes; and
; An act (No. 636) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1858.
And had appointed a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
first of said bills, and ask a committee of confer-
ence on the second bill.
Also, that the Senate had passed the following
joint resolution:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives concurring,)
That the 16rh and 17ih joint rules of the two Houses be sus-
pended for the residue of the present session.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill for the relief
of Donn Piatt; when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. McMULLIN. I understand that the Chair
has assigned the floor to the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Mace,] and I desire to know by what
rule the Chair assigned the floor to that gentle-
man, as I was clearly ahead of him, and addressed
the Speaker before the gentleman from Indiana
was up from his seat? ["Order!" "Order!"]
The SPEAKER. No gentleman of the House
could have addressed the Chair earlier than the
gentleman from Indiana, after the business in
order was announced. The Chair did not recog-
nize the gentleman from Virginia, because he did
Mot see him.
Mr. McMULLIN. I believe I am entitled to
the floor, and mean to have it if I am entitled
to it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
has the floor.
APPROPRIATION BILLS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that the
deficiency bill just sent from the Senate, with
amendments, be taken from the Speaker's table,
and referred to the Committee of "Ways and
Means.
The motion was agreed to.
61
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move that a
committee of conference be appointed upon the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
of the House (No. 636) making appropriations
for the service of the Pos.t Office Department for
the year ending 30th of June, 1858.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER thereupon appointed Messrs.
Davis of Maryland, Mace, and Denver, as
such committee on the part of the House.
SUSPENSION OP JOINT RULES.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask now to take
up the joint resolution sent from the Senate this
morning.
No objection being, made, the resolution was
read, as follows:
Resolved, (the House of Representatives eonournng,)
That the 16tli and 17th joint mle-, ot the two Houses be
suspended tor the residue of the picsent session.
Mr. PURVTANCE. I ask for the reading of
those rules.
They were read, as follows:
" J6. No bill that shall have passed one House >hal! be
sent for concurrence to the other on euhei of the thiee
last days of the session.
" 17. No bill or le^olution that shall have passed the
House of Representatives and the Senate, shall be pre-
sented to the Piesulent of the United States for Ins appro-
bation on the last day of the session."
The resolution was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. MACE. I now ask to report from the
Committee on the Post Office and Posl Roads a
bill to establish certain post roads in the United
States, and the Territories thereof.
The SPEAKER. That is not the regular order
of business.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the
regular order of business.
Mr. MACE. I move to suspend the rules, so
that I may report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the bill was
read a first and second timp.
The question being on ordering the bill to be
engrossed, and read a third time,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. MACE. I move to suspend the rules for
the purpose of allowing the reading of the bill to
be dispensed with.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only one
member voting therefor.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended; and the reading of the bill was dis-
pensed with.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. As I cannot get
a vote against this bill on the record, and as I
cannot have it read, and as I am opposed to that
sort of legislation, 1 move to lay the bill on the
table. But before I do that, sir 
Mr. ETJSTIS. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I withdraw the
motion to lay on the table; and am I not then
entitled to the floor ? Is it not debatable now ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is entitled to open the debate on this question.
Mr. MACE. I am quite satisfied to lot the
gentleman from Tennessee have an opportunity"
of saying what he desires.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not want to
debate this bill; but as it is being put on its pas- j
sage here  |
Mr. EUSTIS. Is debate in order ? |
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana !
has yielded to the gentleman from Tennessee. j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is a mode J
of legislation which I never can, under any cir- j
cumstances, assent to. Here is a bill of I do not j
know how many pages. It is a very long one, j
covering the post roads all over the country; and j
it is to be put upon its passage without being read, j
Perhaps there are not a dozen men in the House I
who know exactly what is in the bill. I do not
know, but I suppose that there is no appropria-
tion in it; and my object merely was, as I could
not get the yeas and nays on the bill, that I might
have a record of my bein^ opposed to this sort
of legislation. With that intention I move to lay
the bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HERBERT offered the following amend-
ment to the bill:
From Monterey, via San Luis Obispo, to Santa Barbara,
by land, in the State of California—
and called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Talbott
and Morgan were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MACE offered several amendments to the
bill; which were agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
FISHING BOUNTIES.
Mr. McMULLIN. Some five or six weeks
ago I submitted a motion to reconsider the vote
by which the bill of the House (No. 300) for the
relief of Joshua Knowles, Jr.,and others, owners
of the fishing schooner Garnet, of Truro, was
passed. I now desire to call up that motion and
j have; it disposed of.
! The SPEAKER. A motion is pending to lay
the motion to reconsider on the tabic.
Mr. McMULLIN. I desire the gentleman who
made the motion to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table, to allow me to speak for five minutes.
Mr. CLINGMAN, I hope there will be no
objection to the gentleman speaking five minutes.
Mr. TODD. I object.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move, then, to suspend
the rules, to allow me to speak for five minutes
upon that subject.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended for that purpose, (two-thirds having
voted therefor.)
Mr. McMULLIN. I beg the attention of gen-
tlemen to the few remarks I shall submit. I need
not remind gentlemen that, in 1813 or 1814, you
passed a general law for the encouragement of the
fishing business". That law provides that, when
vessels engaged in the fishing business shall have
gone out, and been absent for four months, and
returned with their cargoes, they shall be entitled
to bounties.
The bill now under consideration is an inno-
vation upon that general law. This money would
have been paid to these parties, without the ne-
cessity of coming here, if they had complied with
the general law. Now, I appeal to those gentle-
men whose constituents are engaged in the fish-
ing business, to come up with me and go against
thuse innovations upon the general law, if they
wish to have that general law continued.
I have, prepared a bill repealing the general
law, but I have not been able to get it before the
House. My impression is, that if you could have
the bill fairly before the House, and there was
time to discuss it, the House would repeal the
law; and I give notice to these gentlemen now,
that if they expect to preserve the general law
they must not insist upon these repeated inno-
vations of it. The policy of the general law is
wrong in itself. It is giving a gratuity—a bounty,
to certain portions of this country at the expense
of another portion. If the law operated equally
alike upon all parts of the country, I should not
object to it; but I object to this special and par-
tial legislation for one portion of the country at
the expense of another; and if gentlemen persist
in this legislation of one section of the country
against another they will create a feeling of jeal-
ousy and bitterness between the different sec-
tions. I appeal to gentlemen from Massachusetts
I and from the New England States not to violate
this general law if they wish to preserve it on the
Statute-book-
