1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
963
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers on
the y^as and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Jones of
Tennessee, and Buffinton, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 31, noes 130.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
on the table; and it was net agreed to.
The question recurred on the call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, end the
mam question ordered.
Mr. ORR called for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 79; as follows:
YEAS— Messrs. Alters, Albright, Allison, Ball, Henry
Bennett, Benson, Bingham. Bishop. Bocock, Bowie. Bind
shaWj Branch, Bronton, Broom, Buriingame, James fl.
Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Caskie,
Ezra Clark, dawson, Cimginan, Colfax, Covode, Oox,
Cragm, Craige, Cullen, Cumback, Henry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Dean,Dick, Dickson, Dodd, Dunn.Duifee,
Edie, Faulkner, Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Galloway, Har-
lan, J. Morrison Harris, Harrison, Haven, Hodges, Hoff-
man, Ilollmvay, Thomas R Ilorton, Valentine JJ. Ilouon,
Howard, Hugiiaton, Kelly, Ivelsey, Kennett, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Kunkel, Alexander IC. Marshall,
Humphrey Marshall, McCarty, McMullin, Killiau Millei,
Millson, Milhvaid, Moore, Morgan, Monili, Murray, Nor-
ton, Paine, Parlrei, Pennington, Perry, Porter, Pringle,
Purviancr, Puryear, Ready, Ricaud," Ritchie, llobbms,
Roberts, Robison. Rnflln, Sabin, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sher-
man, Simmons, William Smith, Sneed, Stanton, Stewait,
Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Thonngton, Thurston, Tyson,
Underwood, V.ilk, Wade, Wakeman, Walbndgc, Waldton,
Elliliu B. Washhump, Israel Washbuin, Welch, Williams,
Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, and Zoliicoffei—119.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Baibour, Barclay, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Bilhnghurst, Boyce, Buffinton, Burnett,
Cadwalader, Carhle, Caruthers, Chaffee, Williamson R.
W. Cobb, Coming, Crawford, Damreli, Davidson, Jacob C\
JDavi*, Day, Denver, Dowdell, Elliott, Eusiis, Evan-',
Florence, Fostei, Thomas J. I). Fullei, Gamett, Goode,
Greenwood, Ausu-tus Halt, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas
L. Haras, Herbeit, Houston, Jewett, George W. .Tone-*,
J. Clancy Jones, Kidwell, Lake, Leiter, Letcher, Lump-
kin. Mace, Sawuel S. Mai shall. Maxwell. McQueen, Smith
Miller, Morrison. Mott, Nichols, Andrew Oiivei, Orr, Pack-
ei, Peck, PeUit, Poweil, Quitman, Sandidge, Savage, Sew-
ard, Shorter, Samuel A. Smith, William K. Smith, Spinner,
Talbott, Taylor, Trafton, Vail, Walker, Warner, Cadwal-
ader C« Washburne, Wason, Wells, Wheeler, Woodvvortli,
Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—79.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
tabic; which latter motion was agreed to.
Pending the vote,
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said: Protesting
against the policy which creates the necessity of
this acts and compels me to vote for it, I vote
(i ay."
Mr. ETHERIDGrE stated that if he had been
present when his name was called, he would have
voted " ay.17
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOWARD, from the committee of con-
ference appointed on the part of the. House to
meet a similar committee on the part of the Sen-
ate, on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill making appropriations for the current
and contingent expenses of the Indian depart-
ment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending the
30th of June, 1858, reported that the committees
had met, and, after a full and free conference,
had agreed to recommend, and did recommend,
to their respective Houses, as follows: That the
House of Representatives do concur in the forty-
fifth amendment of the Senate with amendments;
that the Senate do recede from the thirty-fourth,
forty-sixth, forty-seventh, and forty-ninth amend-
ments to the bill; and that the House of Repre-
sentatives do concur in the twenty-first, twenty-
second, thirty-sixth, forty-first, forty-second,
forty-third, forty-fourth, forty-eighth, fiftieth,
and fifty-first amendments of the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
amendments referred to be read.
Mr. HOWARD. The managers on the part
of the House recommend concurrence in the
twenty-firstand twenty-secondamendments. The
original bill provided for an appropriation of
$400,000; but on examination of the treaty it was
found that it was to be at the option of the Indians
io have $100,000 appropriated for national pur-
poses, or to be given into the treasury of the
nation.
The twenty-first amendment is as follows:
Srr.ke out the \vo:d " fun,and insr it the word " three;5'
so a* to make the chtu>e lead as follows,
For payment of tin-3 amount yer capita to the Creek
nation as annuity, per Mxtli aitieic treaty 7th August, 1856,
.$3:i0?000: Provided. That no portion or this sum shall be
appropriated to pay oi reward any agent, attorney, or other
po'M;ti, for any service or pretended seivice m negotiating
said treaty.
The committee of conference on the part of the
House recommend concurrence in that amend-
ment.
The twcnty-sccond amendment is as follows;
For payment of such poition of the consideration pro-
vided by tile amendment or thp Senate to the sixth article
of the treaty of 7th Au<*u-t, 1856, a< the gcnetal council of
the Creek nation shall duoct to be paid to the treasurer
of said nation for any specified national objcct, §100,000 :
Ptovided, That only so much thereof as shall be so specified
shall be paid to s-aid trea&urot, and the lemainder of the
sum, if any, sdiall be paid j/cr capita to the Creek nation as
annuity.
The managers on the part of the House also
recommend concurrence in that amendment.
The next amendment in which the concurrence
of the House is recommended, is the thirty-sixth
amendment, as follows:
For defraying the expenses nf the removal and subsist-
ence ol Indiansof Washington Terntoiy to the reservations
therein, aiding them in procuring their own subsistence,
puicha^e of provi-ious and present*, and compensation of
laborersand necessary employes, $CO.OJO: Provided, That
a £art ot said sum, not eveeedms £>1,917, may, by direction
of the Secietaiy of the Interim, he applied for the payment
of the ju*t value of land*, impiovements and preemption
claims owned by whites located within the Indian reserva-
tion established on the south side of the Commencement
baj, in Washington Teintory, foi the Puvaliup and other
bands of Indian-?, on the relinquishment of said lands im-
provement-'. and claim - to the United State-?.
Mr. "WHITNEY. That is a clause simply
indorsing trespasses made by the white men on
the Indians.
The SPEAKER. Debatr is not in order.
Mr. HOWARD. The next amendment in
which the managers on the part of the House rec-
ommend concurrence, is the forty-first amend-
ment, as follows;
To complete the survey of the Cieck boundary, as re-
quired by the treaty, lo be evpended under the proper
authority, the sum of $34,500.
The next amendment in which they recom-
mend concurrence, is the forty-secona amend-
ment, as follows:
To pay to the* legal representatives of Arthur Sizentore,
•$1,420, and to the legjl lepresentatives of John Semi,Sim-
mance, or Semoiee, $1 ,163, the <?a d claims being found m
the supplementary ahstiact of additional claims accom-
panying General Mitchell's report, winch arise under the
Creek treaty of 181-1; the said  ums to he paid out of any
money m the Tiea_-uiy not othei wise appropriated.
The forty-third amendment is as follows:
For the payment of the claim of C. M. Hitchcock, ex-
ecutor of Colonel A. R. S. Hunter, for supplies of pro-
vision^ to the Cherokee*, under the authority of Brigadier
General Wool and of J. It. Sehmmerhorn, commissioner for
negotiating the treaty with the Cherokee^, from the 26th
oi March to the 16th of July, 1836, $1,236 25.
The forty-eighth amendment is as follows:
Sec. 5. Jin&beit further enacted, That in heu of the pio-
visions for the exercise of the duties of superintendents of
Indian affaiis in the Toiritonos of Oie«on, Wa-shmjrton,
Utah, and New Mexico, as now piovided by law, the Pies-
ldent be, and he is hereby, nnthouzed to appoint, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, one superin-
tendent of Indian affaiis for the Territories of Washington
and Oiegon, at the annual salary of $'2,500; onesupeiin-
tendent of Indian affans lor the Teiritoiy of New Mexico,
and one for the Torritoiv of Utah, each at the annual salary
of §2.000; and that from and after such separation of the
duties of said offices, the Governor of Washington sliall
receive the tame saluiy as that paid to the Governor of
Oregon ; and the Governors of Utah and New Mexico shah
each receive the salary of #2.500. The supenntendents of
Indian aflairs in the Territories of Oregon, Washington,
Utah, and New Mexico, shall negotiate no treaties with
any Indian tubes within said Teiritone-s, unless instructed
thereto by the Piesident of the United States.
The fifty-first amendment is as follows:
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That in settling the
accounts of Thomas J. IJenley, as supeimtendent of Indian
affaiis m California, the accounting offieers of the TYeasiiry
he, and they are hereby, authorized to allow him the amount
of $750 paid by Jinn to Sanders & lienham for interest upon
money advanced by them on account of the Indian service
m California, upon Ins producing satisfactory vouchors for
these expenditures.
In all these the committee of conference recom-
mend a concurrence.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man who is making this report a question in
relation to the last item read. I understand that
there fs to be an allowance to the superintendent
of Indian affairs for California of interest upou
money which he borrowed.
Mr. HOWARD. I will explain as soon, as
the statement of the report is finished,
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to ask him if it is
not sanctioning the principle that a superintend-
ent of Indian affairs may borrow money when-
ever ho may think proper, and charge it to the
Government ?
Mr* HOWARD. I will explain when the only
remaining amendment has been read.'
The committee recommend that the House re-
cedefrom itsdisagreementtothe forty-fifth amend-
ment, with an amendment, so that the amendment
as amended shall read as follows:
Skc. 2. Jl nd be it farther enacted* That hereafter the agents
for the Sioux and Seminole Indians, for the Omaha aeencv,
for the Kiekapoo agency, for the Knnsa-i agency, and for
the Neosho agency, shall receive each an annual salary of
.$1,500 instead of the salaiy of $1,000 now allowed by
law.
In reply to the question submitted by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, I will state that the Indian
agent in California was obliged to send his bonds
to the Government here and have them approved
before ?hc money could be paid. They were on
the eve of a war, and he was obliged, in order to
prevent that, to call in the Indians whose supplies
had been exhausted. To enable him to do this,
he borrowed money on which $750 interest was
to be paid.
Mr. HOUSTON. For how long a time?
Mr. HOWARD. For about three or four
months, I think, but I am not advised in reference
to it, except from the debate in tho Senate. If
the gentleman will turn to the Daily Globe, of the
3d of February, he will find that the matter was
fully debated in the Senate.
In regard to the objection raised by the gentle-
man from New York, (Mr. Whitney,] that the
amendment to which he referred would go to
sanction the policy of the Indian wars on the
Pacific coast, I will say, that the amendment to
which he refers has nothing whatever to do with
the policy of those wars. The item to which he
refers has been stricken out. This is a simple
item appropriating §15,000, from which the Sen-
ate recede. *
Mr. LANE. Can I be allowed a word in ref-
erence to the amendment relating to the superin-
tendency of Indian affairs for Washington and
Oregon ?
Mr. HOWARD. I design to call the previous
question before I take my seat, but 1 will very
cheerfully answer any questions which the gen-
tleman from Oregon may wish to ask.
Mr. LANE. I want about fifteen minutes to
enter my protest against the action of this com-
mittee, and to ask that the House will not concur
in it. We had, in my opinion, bettor lose the bill.
Now, I will ask the gentleman from Michigan
whether he knows anything about the numbei of
Indians and the extent of country that will be
included in this superintendency, and whether he
believes that one superintendent can discharge the
duties of that office in such a manner as to con-
tinue the friendly relations of the Indians there?
Mr. HOWARD. I can only say, in reply to
the question of the gentleman, that it was repre-
sented to the committee that the same tribes are
partly on one side of the Columbia river, which
forms the boundary line between the two Terri-
tories, and partly on the other, and that they are
constantly changing from one side to the other;
and that two agencies are far less efficient than
one would be; that it only causes confusion and
disorder by having separate jurisdictions. These
are the facts a& represented to the committee. I
have no knowledge of the facts, further than as
they came to us.
Mr. ANDERSON. I would like to ask whether
the committee had not facts before them, showing
that the Indians upon the Columbia river were,
during the late wars, entirely friendly, and that all
the disturbances were with the Indians in the
north of Washington and south of Oregon?
Mr. HOWARD. It was not so represented.
I have no personal knowledge of the matter. 1
call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee of
conference was agreed to.
Mr. GREENWOOD moved to reconsider the
