964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
vote by which the report of the committee of
conference was adopted; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPROVEMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI RIVER.
Mr. KENNETT. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
from the further consideration of House bill (No.
308) making an appropriation for the removal of
impediments to the navigation of the Mississippi
river by contract.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. KENNETT. Then I move that the rules
be suspended in order that that bill may be
brought before the House. If there be no objec-
tion, I should like to say a word before the ques-
tion is taken.
Objection was made to any debate.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana. Is a motion in
order that the House proceed to the considera-
tion of the business upon the Speaker's table ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, pending
a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr.*CAMPBELL, of Virginia. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from Missouri, I will
ask that the deficiency appropriation bill be now
taken up, and that the House non-concur in all of
the Senate amendments. It is evident that it must
go to a committee of conference.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think we have time suffi-
cient to have the amendments read and acted on
in the House. There are some sixteen or eighteen
amendments, and it is desirable that they should
be acted on in the House. Whenever it is neces-
sary to do business by wholesale, I will go with
the gentleman from Ohio as promptly as any
other; but if we havfe time to consider these
amendments, I think the House should know
something of them, as well as a committee of
conference.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Very well, then,
I will not further trespass on the courtesy of the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the motfon to suspend the rules; and
tellers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Zollicof-
fer and Morgan were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-one.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (more than
one fifth of those present having voted in the
affirmative.)
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Akcrs, Allison, Bait. Bai bom, Benson,
Bishop, Bowie, Bradshaw, Brcnton, Broom, Bufimron,
Buihngame, James II. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis
1). Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Corn-
ins, Covodc, Cox, Cragin, Cullen, Cumback, Damrell,
Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Dean, Denver. Dick,
Dickson, Dunn, Edie, Ernrie, Etheridge, Eustis, Evans,
Flaglei, Florence, Galloway, Greenwood, Harlan, J. Mor-
rison llairis, Uaven, Herbert, Hodges, Ilollowuy, Thomas
JR. Uoiton, Valentine B. llorton, llowaid, Kelly, Kclsey,
Kennctt, King, Knapp, Knight, knox, Lake, Lciter, Mace,
Alexander K. Marshall, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Kilhan Miller, Moore, Morrill, Moi rison, Murray,
Norton, Paine, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Porter, Pimgle, Pur-
vianee, Ready, Itieaud, llitehie, Robbins, Roberts, Rohi-
eon, Sabtn,Sage, Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Simmons, Sneed,
Stanton, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Thorington, Todd,
Tystm, Underwood, Valk, Wade, Wakeman, Cadwalader
C. Washbume, Elhhu B. Wasliburne, Israel Washburn,
Watson, Wells, Whitney, Woodruff, and Zoihcoffer—109.
NAYd—Messrs. Aiken, Barclay, Henry Bennett, IIend-
ley t*. Bennett, Bocock, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Cadwal-
ader, Caskie, OSingmati, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Craw-
ford, Dowdell, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Foster, Thomas
J. D Fuller, Garnett, Goode, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas
J,. Harris-, Houston, Jowett, George W. Jones, Kent,
Know!ton, Lumpkin, Maxwell, Smith Miller,Morgan, Orr,
Packer, Peck, Pennington, Powell, Quitman, Ruffin, Sav-
age, Seward, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner,
Stewart, Thurston, Vail. Walker, Warner, Williams i
Wood, Daniel ]>. Wright, and John V. Wnglu—53. I
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting j
in favor thereof.) v j
The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering I
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time. '
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I thought the mo-
tion was to suspend the rules in order that a
motion might be made to discharge the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion was made to
suspend the rules in order that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union should be*
discharged from the further consideration of the
bill, and that it should be brought before the
House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That was not the
manner in which the'motion was considered the
other day.
The SPEAKER. That was a different ques-
tion; that was to introduce a resolution.
Mr. KENNETT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to report a substitute, which
embraces, besides the pending bill, House bills
(Nos. 306, 307, and 309) to provide for the im-
provement of the Mississippi, the Ohio, the Ar-
kansas, and the Missouri rivers. The substitute
has been printed, and, with the report of the com-
mittee, laid upon member's desks weeks ago. I
call for the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER.- I understand that the gen-
tleman from Missouri offers, as a substitute for
the pending bill, three distinct bills now upon the
Calendar in the Committee of the "Whole on the
state of the Union. Under the 55th rule 
The SPEAKER. The amendment will be read,
and the gentleman can then raise his question of
order.
The substitute was read, as follows:
A Bill making an appropriation for the improvement of the
Mississippi, Missouri, Ohio, and Arkansas rivers, by con-
tract.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary of War be directed, immediately after the
passage of this act, to advertise for proposals from con-
tractors, to bo received at any time prior to the second
Monday of May next, for theiomoval of dangerous obstruc-
tions to navigation 111 the channel of the Mississippi liver,
from the Dos Moines ltapids to the Bahze, and to enter
into contract with responsible parties., who may make such
proposals m the manner, on the terms and conditions, and
subject to the piovisions, hereinafter prescribed.
First. The river to be improved shall be divided into
three sections, as follows, vk : No. 1, being from the foot
of the Des IVIomes Rapids to Commerce, Missouri. No. 2,
from the lower hunt of No. 1 to Napoleon, Arkansas. No. 3,
from the lower limit of JYo. 2 to the Bahze.
Second. The advertisement aforesaid shall invite propo-
sals for each of said sections separately, or for any two of
j them, or for the whole work, and it sliail be the duty of the
j tfccrclary of War to contract foi the said work in separate
[ sections or collectively, as may, m his judgment, under the
i proposals submitted, be best calculated to secuie the cer-
tain, speedy, and economical execution of the work pro-
posed : Provided, however, That the total amount of the,
contract or contiaets so ina.de shall not exceed the sum of
$-323,000 perannum ; nor shall any contract for one or more
sections be binding on the Government uf the United
Stares of America, until contracts lor the execution of the
entire work in the three sections shall have been concluded"
as he rein alter provided.
Third. The contracts shall bo made for the term of five
years, and good bond and security shall be given by the con-
tractors in the sum of $40,000 on each section contracted
t'or, to iri&urc the prompt and faithful performance of the
contract And no bid for any section shall be considered
unless accompanied by a bond, with approved secuuty, in
the sum of $10,000, guaiantjing that the party bidding will
lurmsh a satisfactory bond lor the performance of the con-
tract if awarded to him as above provided m this section.
Fourth. The contractors shall obligate themselves to re-
move completely all dangerous obstructions, such as snags,
sawyer^, stumps, sunken logs, rocks, and wiecks existing
in the main channel of the river, and in the channels lead-
ing to the ports and landings on the same, so as to make a
safe channel two hundtcd feet wide above Cauo, and three
bundled feet wide below Cairo, and of a depth fully equal
to that on the bais in the vicinity of the obstructions to be
removed.
Fijth. The snags and sawyers phall be removed as soon
as possible,and before the expiration of the fust year of the
contract, not only from the mam channel, but from such
other channels as are usually navigated by steamboats m
seasons of high water. The removal of snags and sawyers
shall also be thoioughly completed once during each suc-
ceeding year of the conh act from the channels above named.
Dunng the first year of the contract the icmoval of all other
obstiuctions shall be commenced, and all rocks, and ail
wrecks, whether existing when the contract is signed, or
occurring afterwards, not completely lemoved during that
year, shall be plainly buoyed, until removed.
Sixth. Befoie the expiration of the second year, therocks,
stumps, and sunken logs, shall be removed.
Seventh. Before the expiration of the thnd year, all the
wrecks existing at the date of the contract shall be removed.
Eighth. Before the expiration of the fourth year, all the
wrecks occurring dunng the first thiee }ears of the contract
shall be removed.
Ninth. Before the expiration of the fifth vear, all obstruc-
tions named in the fotuth proviso of this section, deposited
in like manner, or whose removal may become necessary
by the changes in the channel, shall be removed so as to
complete the contract according to the true intent and
meaning of the piecedmg provisions of this, section of this
act, so as to secure a clear and safe channel for the naviga-
tion of the liver as therein contemplated.
Tenth. Each of the three sections aforesaid shall be sub-
divided by the Secretary of War into three subdivisions, as
nearly equal as possible in the amount of work required to
be done. The work on each subdivision shall be com-
menced within three months at furthest from the date of
the contract; and as soon as the work required to be done
on any subdivision shall be completed according to the con-
tract, it shall be reported by the contractors to the Secretary
of War as ready for inspection; whereupon it shall be im-
mediately examined by one or moie officers of the topo-
graphical engineers detailed for that purpose by the Secre-
tary, and if leported to be completed according to the con-
tract, the payment due for that year's work, on that sub-
division, shall be ruade by paying to the contractors one
third of the annual contract price of the whole section :
Provided, however, That aresei vation of twenty per centum
shall be made by the Secretary of War out ol any payments
for the first year, as additional security for the faithful per-
founanceof the contract during the second year; and in
the second, third, and fourth years, respectively, a reser-
vation of ten pei centum on the annual payments shall be
made to secuie the-faithful peiformaucc of the contiact for
the next ensuing year. The reservation-made in each year
is to be paid at the close of the succeeding year, if the con-
tract shall be reported as faithfully executed.
Eleventh. Whenever an inspection is to be made of any
subdivision reported as completed in any one year, the
officer chaiged with its inspection shall report whether the
work on the other two subdivisions of the section has been
commenced according to the terms of the contract, and is
in progress of efficient execution; and if it shall appear by
his repoit that the contractois have neglected their duty oil
the subdivisions, not reported ready for inspection, then
no payment shall be made on account of the completed
subdivision until the remaining subdivisions of the same
section are also completed.
Twelfth. Jf, on the inspection of any subdivision, the
inspectors shall find the work incomplete, according to the
terms of the contract, they shall give immediate notice
thereof m writing to the contractors, specifying the further
woik to be done, before they can approve the subdivision.
If the work thus required sb'all not be completely executed
within the six months ensuing the contract term, the con-
tractors shall forfeit the gum of $10,000; and if not so exe-
cuted within the next ensuing six months, they shall forfeit
an additionalsumor,^ir ,000,and shall further be subjected,
in the latter case, to having the entire compensation for one
year's work on a completed subdivision reserved by the
Government until they shall have executed completely the
woik leqmred by the inspector as afoiesaid ; and this re-
served sum shall also be forfeited if the default of the con-
tractors shall continue dunng two years. And m the event
of the failuie to commence the work on any one section
within throe months, the contract for that section shall be
forfeited, and the Secretary shall immediately proceed to
advertise for proposals, anil relet the same to othei parties;
and he shall also take pioper steps to iccover from the se-
curities the amount of their bond for the forfeited contiact.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of
carrying the provisions of the foregoing section of this act
into etiect, the sum of $240,000 is hereby appropriated, to
be paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appiopiiated.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That for the purpose of
removing dangerou-. obsti notions in the channel of the Mis-
souri river, fiom Council Bluffs to its mouth, the said river
shall be divided into two sections, as follows, viz: No. 1,
from Council Bluffs to Lexington, Missouri; No. 2, fiom
the lower limit of No. 1 to the Mississippi river; and the
Secretary of War is hereby directed to make similar adver-
tisements, and to contiact for the removal o( said obitiuc-
tions upon the said terms, conditions, restnctions, limita-
tions, obligations, and penalties, and for the same number
of years as are hereinbefore provided m the first section of
this act for the Mississippi river: Provided, however, That
the total amount of the contract or contracts so made shall
not exceed the sum of $75,000 per annum. And "provided,
farther, That the channel width required shall be two hun-
dred feet for both sections of the river.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose of
carrying into effect the third section of this act, the sum
of $80,000 is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appiopnated.
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted, That lor the purpose
of removing dangerous obstructions in the channel of the
Ohio river between Pittsburg and its mouth, the said river
shall be divided into two sections, as follows, viz : Num-
ber one being that part of the river above the Falls of the
Ohio; number two being that part of the river below the
said Falls. And the Secretary of War is hereby directed
to make similar advertisements, and to contiact for the re-
moval of said obstructions upon the same terms, condition®,
restrictions, limitations, obligations, and penalties, and for
the same number of years as are hereinbefore provided m
the fiistsection of tins act for the Mississippi river: Pro-
vided, That the total amount of the contractor contracts
so made shall not exceed the sum of $75,000 per annum :
And provided further, That the channel width required
shall be two hundred feet for both sections of the river; and
that no work shall be required to be done on the Falls of
the Ohio river.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of carrying into effect the fifth scction of this act, the sum
of $80,000 is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of removing dangerous obstructions to navigation in the
Arkansas rivet, between Fort Smith and its month, tlie said
river shall be divided mto two sections, as follows, viz:
No. 1 being from Fort Smith to Little Rock; No. 2 being
from the lower limit of No. 1 to the Mississippi river. And
the Secretaiy of War is hereby directed to make similar
advertisements and to contract for the removal of said ob-
stiuetions upon the same terms, conditions, restrictions,
limitations, obligations', and penalties, as are hereinbefore
provided in the first section of this act for the Mississippi
river: Provided, however, That the total amount of the
contiact or contracts so made shall not cxcc^d the sum of
$75,000 per annum: And provided, further, That the chan-
nel width required shall be two hundred feet below the city
of Little Itock, and one hundred and fifty feet wide above
said cit}'.
Sec. 8, And be it farther enacted, That for the purpose
of carrying into effect the seventh section of this act, the
