1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
965
sum of $80,000 is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
message from the president.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by Sidney "Webster, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that he had
approved and signed bills and resolutions of the
following titles:
An act to authorize the people of the Territory
of Minnesota to form a'constitution and State
government, preparatory to their admission into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States;
An act for the relief of Mary B. Winship, widow
of Oscar F. Winship;
An act for the relief of Samuel S. Haight;
An act for the relief of John Huff, of Texas;
An act for the relief of Henry T. Mudd, of
Missouri;
An act for the relief of Collins Boomer;
An act for the benefit of Anthony Devit, late a
sergeant in the third artillery of the United States
Army;
An act for the relief of George F. Baltzell, as-
signee of James P. Roan;
An act for the relief of the heirs of Samuel R.
Thurston, late Delegate from Oregon;
An act making appropriations for the comple-
tion of the military roads in Oregon Territory;
An act for the relief of John L. Vattier;
An act for the relief of John Shaw, a soldier of
the war of 1812;
, An act for the relief of John C. McConnell;
An act for the relief of Ben jamin R. Gantt;
An act fof the relief of Richard Phillips;
An act for the relief of William Poole;
An act for the relief of C. B. R. Kennedy;
An act for the relief of Rebecca Smith;
An act for the relief of Jacques Godfroy;
An act to reimburse the estate of Joseph Mc-
Clure, a paymaster in the war of 1812.
An act for the relief of George Sehelhnger;
An act to amend the twenty-eighth section of
the act of Congress approved the 30th of August,
1842, entitled "An act to provide revenue from
imports, and to change and modify existing laws
imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
poses"—prohibiting the importation of obscene
and indecent articles, so as more effectually to
accomplish the purposes for which that proviso
was enacted.
An act for the relief of Lyman N. Cook;
An act to establish Augusta, in the State of
Georgia, a port of delivery;
An act for the relief of Whitemarsk B. Sea-
brook and others;
An act for the relief of Mary Ann Clark;
An act for the relief of William Kendall;
An act for the relief of Jesse Morrison, of Illi-
nois;
An act for the relief of Thomas B. Steele,
passed assistant surgeon of the Navy of the
united States;
Joint resolution for the relief of Israel B. Bige-
low; and
Joint resolution to pay the pension due Par-
roelia Slavin, late wife of John Blue, deceased, to
her administrator.
mississippi river—again.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now call for the
reading of the original bill.
The bill was read, as follows:
Be, it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stalest)f .America in Congress assembled, That
the Secretary or' War be, and he is hereby, m^tiucted to
con tract with some responsible parryforthe removal of the
obstructions to navigation in the Mississippi nvei,fiom the
Bahze, m the State ot Louisiana, to the Des Moines Rapids,
in the State of Iowa; said obstruction? being the sunken
wrecks, rocks, logs, stumps, snags, and sawyers in the chan-
nel of said river, or in the way of approach to the ports,
haibors, and landings along the shoies thereof: Provided,
hotrever, That such contract shall not be made for a longer
period than fiveyeais, and the stipulated payment? under
the same shall not exceed the sum of $225,000 per annum:
•Andprovided fixither, That such contract shall substantially
conform to the propositions and specifications of a plan
embraced in a communication to the Committee on Com-
merce of the House of Representatives, and embodied m
the report of that committee to the present Congress, with
the addition of Mich luither piovisions for the protection of
the public interest as the said Secretary shall deem neces-
sary.
£3ec. 2. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the sum of
$*25,000 is hereby appropriated, out of any money m the
-Freasuiy not otherwise appropriated, to cairy out, accord-
ing to the true intent and meaning thereof, the provisions
of this act.
Mr. LETCHER. My point of order is, that
the bills contain appropriations of money, and
must be first considered in Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is good,
except as against the original bill. The Chair is
of opinion that the bills offered as a substitute
cannot be received as such.
Mr. KENNETT. Then I call for the previ-
ous question.
Mr. WALKER. I desire the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw the previous question, that
I may offer the following amendment as addi-
tional sections:
Sbc. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of removing dangerous obstructions to navigation in the
Alabama uver. between Wetumpka and the point at which
it unites with the Tombigbee nvei, the said river fhall be
divided into two sections, as follows, viz : number being
from Wetumpka to Prairie Bluff; number two being from
the lower limit of number one to the point wh^re the two
rivers unite. And the Secretary of War is hereby directed
to make similar advertisement^, and to contract lor the re-
moval of said obstructions upon the same terms, conditions,
restrictions, limitations, obligations, and penalties, as are
hereinbefore provided m (?ie first section of thr  act for the
Mississippi river* Provided, however* That the total amount
of the contract or contracts so made shall not exceed the
sum of$M,000 per annum.
See. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of carrying into effect the ninth section of this act, the sum
of $80,000 is hcicby appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Tieasuiy not oihciwi&e appropriated.
Sec. 11. Jlnd be if. further enacted, That for the purpose
of removing dangerous obstructions to navigation in the
Tombigbee river, the said nver shall be divided into two
sections as follows, viz : No. 1 being from Cotton-Gin Port
to Gainesville; No. 2 being fiom the lower limit of No. 1
to wheie said river unites with the Alabama river. And the
Secietary of War i<j hereby directed to make similar adver-
tisements, and to contract for the icmoval of said obstiuc-
tions upon the same terms, conditions, restrictions, limita-
tions. obligations, and penalties, as are hereinbefore pro-
vided in the fir^t section of this act for the Mississippi liver •
Provided, however, That the total amount of the contract or
contracts so made shall not exceed the sum of $75,000 per
annum.
Sec. 12. +Ar>d he it further enacted, That for the purpose
of earning into effect the eleventh section of this act, the
sum ot 880.000 is hereby appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otheivvise appropriated.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri withdraw the previous question?
Mr. KENNETT. 1 must decline to with-
draw it.
The SPEAKER. Then the amendment can-
not be received, except by general consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers on
the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Miller of
Indiana, and Flagler, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 89, noes 33.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mf. JONES, of Tennessee. Has the bill been
engrossed ?
The SPEAKER. It has not been.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I think we
had better wait till it be engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been read the
third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And what au-
thority was there for it being read a third time,
without being engrossed?
The SPEAKER. It has been constantly held
by the House, that where a bill has been read the
third time, it is too late to object to the fact that
it is not engrossed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, from this
time out, I ask that the rule be enforced, and that
no bill be read the third time until it is engrossed.
The SPEAKER. The rule is enforced. It is
the constant practice of the House to consider a
bill engrossed when it is ordered to be read the
third time, unless the reading of the engrossed
bill be called for.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is the order of
the House that the bill be engrossed before it is
read the third time, so that the House may know
exactly what it is voting for.
The SPEAKER. The question as to the en-
grossment was raised too late. '
Mr. WALKER called for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the 'bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas' 105, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop, Hrenton, Broom,
Butfinton, Buriingame, James II. Campbell, Lewis D.
Campbell, Caiutheis, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Co-
mins, Covode, Cox, Cragui, Culien, Cumback, DamrelJ,
Timothy Davis, Dean, Dick, Dickson, Dunn, Durf'ee, JSdie,
Einne, Eustis. Flagler, Florence, Henry M. Fuller, Gal-
loway, Augustus Ilall, ILiilun, Ilarmon, Haven, Ilerbeit,
Hoffman, Holloway,Thomas R. Horton, Valentino B. Hor-
ton, Howard, Hughston, Kelbcy, Ken«ett, ICmg, Knight,
Knox, Kunkel, Lake, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.
Marshall, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millward, Moore,
Morrill, Morrison, Nichols, Norton, Fame, Pclton, Pettit,
Pike, Porter, Pringle, Purviancu, Ready, Fucaud, Ritchie,
Robbms, Roberts, Robison, Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Sneed,
Stanton, Stranahan, Swope, Tappan, Taylor, Thorington,
Todd, Trafton, Tyson, Underwood. Valk, Vfaule, Wake-
man, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Israel Washburn, Watson, Wells, Whitney, Woodruff, and
Wood worth—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen, Barclay, Henry Bennett,
Ilendley S.Bennett, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Cad-
walader, John P. Campbell, Caskie, Chngman, Williamson
It. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Davidson, Dowdell, Elliott,
English, Faulkner, Foster, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett,
Goode, Sampson W. Harris, Thomas L. Ilairis, Houston,
Jewett, George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Knowlton, Leiter,
Letcher, Lumpkin, McCarty, McMullin, McQueen, Mill-
son, Morgan, Muiray, Andiew Oliver, Packer, Parker,
Peny, Powell, Quitman, Sage, Sandidge, Savage, Seward,
Shorter, Simmons, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
Spinner, Stewart, Talbott, Vail, Waldron, Walker, War-
ner, Watkins, Wheeler, Wood, Darnel B. Wright, and
John V. Wright—68.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. KENNETT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly enrolled a bill
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the various
Indian tribes, for the year ending June 30,1858;
when the Speaker signed the same.
BUSINESS IN-ORDER.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to go to the business
on the Speaker's table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There are some
bills there which I do not want up at all.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 100, noes 22.
So the Iiouse resolved to go to the busmesson
the Speaker's table.
DEFICIENCY BILL SENATE AMENDMENTS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I ask leave to
report back from the Committee of Ways and
Means House bill No. 635, being the act to sup-
ply deficiencies, wnth a recommendation that the
House non-concur in the amendments of the Sen-
ate, with a view of having a committee of confer-
ence appointed.
Mr. LETCHER. There is one amendment to
that bill on which I should like the House to
express an opinion. It is the one in reference to
the books. I want to see whether the House will
concur or non-concur.
Mr. STANTON. Is this report made by unan-
imous consent ?
The SPEAKER. It is submitted by general
consent.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I understand that
the gentleman from Virginia desires a separate
vote on the amendment of the Senate in reference
to the appropriation for the books. *
Mr. LETCHER. That is what I want.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Then let the
House non-concur in all the rest of the amend-
ments, and take a separate vote on this one.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that all the
amendments of the Senate be read.
The amendments were read.
Mr. LETCHER demanded a separate vote
upon the eleventh amendment.
The other amendments were then non-con-
eurred in.
The question was then stated on the following
amendment of the Senate:
Strike out as follows:
" For boofcti voted to members of the House of Represent-
