1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
them with expensive litigation. Would it be
right or just for the General Government to lend
its aid to so infamous a purpose, that these spec-
ulators might, by the mere entry at a nominal
pricc, obtain possession of these lands which have
been made by the improvements put upon them
by their present occupants, to be now worth, as
I am informed, §40 per acre? Mr. Speaker, 1
much mistake the sense of justice of this House,
if it will lend its aid to the consummation of so
great a wrong. .
It will be seen, Mr. Speaker, by reference to
the Senate resolution, that it does not propose to
settle the question of jurisdiction. It leaves -that
where it ought to be left, to be settled by the States
of Missouri and Kentucky, in tho courts of the
country. It only proposes that, in view of the
long settlement and occupation of these lands by
the particsclaimingunder Virginiaand Kentucky,
and ill consideration of the fact that they have
long since paid for their land, that they have
always regarded their titles as good, that the same
have never before this time been questioned, that
this Government, for these reasons, if she ever
had any title, (which I deny,) shall now, by this
resolution, disclaim the same, and leave these
parties in the quiet possession of their property.
This is all I ask, and this all the parties whom I
represent ask.
I would call the attention of the House to the
history of the exercise of jurisdiction over this
island. I would ask my neighbor from Missouri,
[Mr. Caruthers,] who claims this island to be ;
a part of his district, to tell this House when Mis- .
souii, by any act, at any time, ever set up any I
title or claim to the jurisdiction over Wolf Island?
My friend cannot point to a single act in the his-
tory of his State asserting any such claim. But
what has been the history of my State (Kentucky)
in connection with this island? She has always
exercised jurisdiction overit. When that portion
of Kentucky, known as Jackson's purchase, was
organized and divided into counties, this island
was made to constitute a part of Hickman county,
in my district. The citizens residing thereon
have always exercised the rights and privileges
of citizens of Kentucky. They have paid taxes
into her tieasury; they have voted at her elections;
they have borne all the burdens of citizens of
• Kentucky. That island, in 1851 and 1852, fur-
nished a representative in the Legislature of my
State, and that representative was the son of
Joseph Ednngton, who claimed the five thousand
acres of land entered by Myers and Shannon,
under the Virginia warrant before referred to,
which dates back as far as 1782.
So far as the question of jurisdiction is con-
cerned, which I do not ask this House to decide,
it will be seen from the facts stated that Ken-
tucky—and Kentucky alone — has claimed and
always exercised jurisdiction over this island. I
will now say to my neighbor, [Mr. Caruthers,]
if he shall still persist in desiring to deprive me
of a part of my constituents against their earnest
protest, that whenever he can get his State to take
any steps to settle that question, ! pledge him
that Kentucky will meet Missouri, and settle it,
where iL can only be settled, in the courts of the
country.
This subject, Mr. Speaker, has undergone the
thorough investigation of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands of both the Senate and this House.
Both committees have unanimously reported that
this Government ought to disclaim all title to the
lands oil Wolf Island. This being the case, I
hope that this House will not hesitate to pass
this resolution, which merely does justice to a
portion of tny constituents.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I ask leave to make a
statement in reference to the resolution.
Mr. SAVAGE. For five minutes.
There being no objection, Mr. Caruthers was
allowed to proceed for five minutes.
Mr. CARUTHERS. That time is as much as
I want. I have an appeal to make to the House;
and it is very rarely I so trouble the House. _ I
ask gentlemen of all sides to hear the veiy brief
remark with which I intend to reply to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky. This Wolf Island is
in controversy between Missouri and Kentucky.
There have been, as the gentleman says, grants
made on that island by Kentucky; while on the
part of Missourians, and of others, it is claimed
that the island is within the State of Missouri,
and that the public lands belong to the United
States.
Mr. CARLILE. How long is it since Mis-
souri set up a claim to the island ?
Mr. CARUTHERS. Ever since she has had
a citizen in the neighborhood of it — from time
immemorial. I will not trespass on the time or
patience of the House by going into an argument
as to who is right in this controversy. My judg-
ment is—my honest judgment is—that Missouri
is right. The Land Office has so decided; and
at the last Congress the land was ordered to be
brought to market as the land of the General
Government.
Mr. BURNETT. Is it, oris it not, a fact that
when the surveyor made his report in 1838, and
application was made to bring these lands into
market, the application was refused by the Com-
missioner of the Land Office ? And is it, or is it
not, a fact that nothing has been done in the mat-
ter since 1838, until last Congress?
Mr. CARUTHERS. It seems to me that I
ought, in justice, to be allowed to explain this
thing. The lands on the island have twice been
ordered by the General Government to be brought
into market, and twice, on the application of Ken-
tucky, it has been refused. But still, that is not
the point I wished to call the attention of the
House to. Kentucky says if she gets the title to
the land she will fight out the jurisdiction. That
is the very thing that Congress is about. If that
island belongs to the United States, then Mis-
souri has the jurisdiction. If it does not belong
to the United States, Missouri has not tho juris-
diction; and therefore the resolution is unfair; be-
cause it makes the General Government disclaim
its title to the land, while it has no right to do so.
I would state to the gentleman from Kentucky,
I would state to the House, I would state as a
Representative of that portion of Missouri which
includes this Wolf Island, that all that my people
desire—all that I desire, is, that the General Gov-
ernmentshall take no judicial action on this thing.
A resolution has passed the Legislature of my
State within the last two weeks, asking that this
controversy shall be tested by the courts. All
that the people of Missouri ask is that, whether
the main channel at any particular time ran east
or west, the courts may decide the question. We
say Wolf Island is in Missouri. Ihe gentleman
says it is in Kentucky. He may be right, or I
may be right. I am m as good faith as he is.
But I tell him, and I tell every Kentuckian, that
all we ask is, to get whatever title the General
Government has in the island; and then we will
bring ejectment against any wiio hold under
grants from Virginia or Kentucky. We will risk
that. It is all we want. AH we ask from this
American Congress is, that it will leave this judi-
cial question to the courts of the United States;
that it will allow my people to enter land upon
this island; to take whatever title the Government
has; and they nor I have any doubt but when we
get that, we have a good title. If Kentucky is so
confident, why will she not submit to the arbitra-
ment of the courts ? This resolution is simply an
absurdity! It disclaims title in the United States.,
and leaves the question of jurisdiction undis-
,, posed of, when all know, or ought to know, that
I' if Kentucky has the title she has the jurisdiction;
if the title is in the United States, then Missouri
has the jurisdiction. The jurisdiction and the title
go together—[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
ask the gentleman one question.
Objection was made.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Florida
[Mr. Maxwell] has had this matter in charge
in the Committee on Public Lands. I ask that
he be allowed to state the facts.
Objection was made.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to make one simple
remark in reference to this subject.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. MAXWELL. I think that no gentleman
on the Committee on Public Lands, which had
this matter under their investigation, has any
doubt 
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Debate is
not in order.
Mr. CARUTHERS. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table; and on that I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thurston
and Bocock were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes fifty, noes not counted.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. CARUTHERS asked for tellers on the
passage of the resolution.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Cadwalader were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 94, noes 34.
So the resolution was passed.
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also
moved to lay tho motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM L. DAVIDSON.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I shall have to be absent
on the Committee on Enrollment, and I ask the
consent of the House to take up a bill in which
the memory of my grandfather is interested.
No objection was made; and Senate bill No.
512 was taken from the Speaker's table, and read
a first and second time.
It directs the proper accounting officers of tho
Treasury to ascertain and allow to William L.
Davidson, for himself and the other children of
Lieutenant Colonel William Davidson, of the
North Carolina line, in the Continental army of
the United States, who was killed in battle on the
1st of February, 1781, at Cowan's ford, on the
Catawba river, the amount #f the half pay for
seven years of Colonel Davidson, as a lieutenant
colonel of infantry. The sum of money, when
ascertained, to be paid, without interest, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, and to be in full of all claims which the
children of William Davidson may have against
the United States under the resolution of Congress
of August 24, 1780.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly road the third time and passed.
Mr. DAVIDSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motionto reconsider on the tajble; which
latter motion was agreed to.
PENSION BILL.
Mr. SAVAGE moved to suspend the rules, for
the purpose of reporting a bill granting pensions
to the officers and soldiers of the war with Great
Britain of 1812, and those engaged in Indian wars
during that period; and called for the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The rules were not suspended, (two thirds not
voting therefor.)
SCHOOL SECTIONS MINNESOTA AND NE-
BRASKA.
' The joint resolution of the Senate relative to
sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections in the Terri-
tories of Minnesota and Nebraska being first in
order on the Speaker's table, was taken up and
read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I hope the- gentleman
will yield to me for a moment. I wish to offer
an amendment.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I hope that Kansas
will be also provided for by this bill. There is
a general bill in the hands of the Committee on
Public Lands, which provides for all theTerri-
tories, which I hope the House will pass instead
of the one pending.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
withdraw the call for the previous question.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. Then gentlemen
wish to give the Territory of Kansas the go-by,
as they have done heretofore.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers. ,
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ivelsey ana
Evans were appointed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the Committee
on Public Lands have a general bill, I hope it will
be allowed to be substituted for the one pending.
I have no doubt this bill ought to pass; but it
surely is better to provide for all similar matters
in a general bill.
RECESS.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, is it now in
