THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
order to more a suspension of the rules, in order
that the House may take a recess until seven
o'clock, p. m?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. STANTON. Then I submit that motion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. CLINGMAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were riot ordered.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 96,
noes 46.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted in the affirmative;) and then the House, at
half past four o'clock, p. m., took a recess until
seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m.
Mr. BENNETT,of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker,
I ask the unanimous consent of the House for
leave to take from the Speaker'stable and put on
its passage Senate bill (No. 592) for the relief of
Jefferson Wilson, administrator, with the will
annexed, of John F. Wray, deceased.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I demand the reg-
ular order of business.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
The SPEAKER. It is evident there is no
quorum present foi*the transaction of business.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that there be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The roll was called; and the following mem-
bers failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. Aiken, Baik&dale, Cell, Bh*s, Bocock, Bowie,
Boyce, Burnett, Lewis D Campbell, Caiuthers, dawson,
Howell Cobb, Cragin, Henry Winter Davis, DeWitt, Dick,
Edmuudson, Etlieridge, Eustis, Galloway, Garnett, Gid-
dtngs, Goode, Granger, Grow, Augu-.tu* Hall, Robert II.
Hall, Uaiian, J. Morrison llauis, Sampson W. Ilanis,
Herbert, Hickman, iloflman, Valentine !>. Ilorton, Jewett,
J. Glanev Jones, Keitl, Keiineit, Kulwi'll, Bindley, Lump
kin, MeMulIm, MeUnenn. Smith jWillei, Morgan, Moinsnn,
Molt, Norton, Mordeeai Oliver, 1'aekei, Praiee, IVltoi],
Phelps, Potter, Towel!, I'tnyear, Ke.ule, llieaml, Rivois,
Kobeits, ltobioori, Sablll, Savage, SbeiiiKin, Panmel A.
Smith, Sneed, Stephens, Swopc, Thomson. Tuppe. Un
denvood, Vail, Wakeman, Watkm-*, Welch, Whitney,
YVinsiow, WoudworLli, and John V. Wright.
A quorum being now present,
Mr. HAVEN moved that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbuuy Dickins, their Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had agieed to the report
of the committee of conference on the Post Office
appropriation bill; and also that it had passed the
civil appropriation bill with sundry amendments,
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act to establish three additional land dis-
tricts in the Territory of Kansas; and
An act to establish three additional land dts-
tiicts in the Territory of Nebraska.
SCHOOL SECTIONS IN TERRITORIES.
The House then resumed the consideration of
a resolution (S. No. 39) relative to sections six-
teen and thirty-six, in the Territories of Minne-
sota and Nebraska, upon which the previous
question had been called.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I called the
previous question ujioi. this resolution when it
was under consideration before the recess; but
as I understand that it is desired to offer an amend-
ment so as to include Kansas, I withdraw the
call for the previous question until that amend-
ment is offered.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I move to amend the res-
' olution so as to ltfclude the Territory of Kansas,
so that it shall read " Territories of Minnesota,
Nebraska, and Kansas,"
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now renew
the call for the previous question.
Mr. IIAVEN. I desire to say to the House
that the resolution proposes to extend the right
of preemption to school sections, and allow other
sections to be selected in their stead. I think it
ought to pass, and I hope it will pass.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The resolution as amended was ordered to be
read a third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the vote by which the resolution was passed be
reconsidered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WHITFIELD. I move to amend the title
so that it shall read:
A resolution relative to sections sixteen and thirty-six, in
the Territories of Minnesota, Nebraska, and Kansas.
The motion was agreed to.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICT IN WISCONSIN.
The next bill on the Speaker's table was an act
(S. No. 253) to establish an additional land dis-
trict in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. 1 call the previous ques-
tion upon that bill.
Mr. MILLSON. Last summer I was charged
by the Committee on Commerce with a Senate
bill of very great importance; but I have never
had an opportunity to report it to the House. It
is a bill to provide for the general introduction
of a uniform code of marine signals. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to report that
bill now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. MILLSON. I believe I was recognized
by the Chair before the bill from the Speaker's
table was announced,.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman was not
recognized until after it was announced.
Mr. MILLSON. Is it in order to move to
suspend the rules to enable me to do so?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MILLSON. I make that motion.
Mr. WALBR1DGE. Is that in order pending
the consideration of the bill from the Speaker's
table ?
Mr. MILLSON. I withdraw my motion.
The lull to establish an additional land district
in Wisconsin was then read a first and second
time.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. All the land office
bills which have been passed during the present
and last sessions have had stricken out from them
the clause which makes an appropriation, and I
think this bill should stand upon the same foot-
ing. I move to strike out that clause.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Wisconsin. I hope
that will not be done, as it will involve the neces-
sity of sending it back to the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill makes
an appropriation, and it must be first considered
in the Committee nf the Whole.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I move to strike out
the clause making an appropriation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask to have
the bill first considered in the Committee of the
Whole.
The SPEAKER. The first question is upon
the amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. IIow can that be
done until it is first seat to the Committee of the
Whole.'
| The SPEAKER. It cannot be done, if the
]: gentleman objects.
; Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do object,
j The SPEAKER.. It must be, then, first con-
! siilered in the Committee of the Whole.
; Mr. W ALBRIDGE. I withdraw my call for
' the previous question, in order to let in that
amendment.
i The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nossre objects.
' Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. I move
that the rule be suspended which requires it to be
i1 considered in the Committee of the Whole, so that
it may lie considered now. It is a bill creating a
land office in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it in order to
discuss this bill now?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. WHEELER. Then I object.
The question was taken on Mr. Washburne's
motion, and it was agreed to, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. COBB, of Alabama. I now move to amend
by striking out the appropriation clause, so as to
make this bill conform to every bill of the kind
passed at this Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin. I hope
the bill will not be amended. It was prepared at
the General Land Office, and meets with the ap-
proval of the Interior Department. It passed in
the Senate, and is agreed to by the Committee on
Public Lands in this House. If amended at this
stage of the session its passage will be endangered.
The question was taken on Mr. Cobb's amend-
ment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved the
previous question on ordering the bill to be read
a third time.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the bill was ordered to be read a third time, and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and "under its operation,
the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Wisconsin, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
HALF PAY TO WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Mr. H. MARSHALL. I ask the unanimous
. consent of the House to introduce a bill to extend
the operation, for five years, of the act to con-
tinue the half pay to certain widows and orphans.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. II. MARSHALL. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing this bill. I
ask the House to indulge me for one moment, that
I may explain the bill. The lawgiving half pay
to these widows and orphans ■
The SPEAKER, (interrupting.) Debate is not
in order.
The question was taken; and there were, on a
division—ayes 78, noes 45.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate insisted on its amendments to the
deficiency bill, and had agreed to a committee of
conference.
JEDEDIAH H. LATIIROP AND SURETIES.
An act for the relief of Jcdodiah H. Lathrop
and his sureties was taken from the Speaker's
table, and read a first and second time.
The bill releases Jedediah H. Lathrop and his
sureties from the judgment recovered againstthem
by the United States, at the October term of 1856,
in the circuit court for the District of Columbia,
in the sum of $7,957 25, and interest thereon from
the 23d day of June, 1853, on the official bond
of said Jedediah H. Lathrop as Navy agent at
the city of Washington, in said district, provided
said Lathrop and sureties shall pay all the costs
accrued on said judgment.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire to say one word in
reference to this bill. It is for the relief of a
gentleman who was Navy agent in this city, ap-
pointed under General Taylor's administration;
and is to relieve him and his sureties from a judg-
ment for the amount mentioned m the bill. The
amount is between seven and eight thousand dol-
lars. I desire to say to the House that I could not
now think of occupying its time in discussing the
matter. There is an elaborate report made by
Governor Bell, in the Senate, on this subject. It
states the whole matter, and shows that the dis-
trict attorney who tried the case, the jury which
passed upon it, the men of the Department, and
all who know anything of the case, concur in
thinking that these persons ought to be relieved
from the judgment. In my opinion that conclu-
sion is eminently just. As I do not wish to con-
sume time in discussing it, I move the previous
question.
