1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the gentle-
man from New York will withdraw the call for
the previous question.
Mr. HAVEN". If the House will receive it
kindly for me to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question, I will do so.
Objection was made.
Mr. HAVEN. Then I do not withdraw the
call.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I require
that the bill shall go to the Committee of the
Whole House. It is to appropriate this money
in addition to the man's salary of $2,000 This
gives him about §8,000 for six months'salary.
[.Loud calls to " order."] Yes, gentlemen, you
may call to order while 1 am showing why this
claim should not be allowed.
- The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. This bill makes an appropriation,
ftnd is therefore required to go to the Committee
of the Whole House.
Mr. HAVEN". The gentleman is mistaken in
respect to its making an appropriation.
t " Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, sir, the gen-
tleman for whose benefit this bill is designed has
$8,000 belonging to the Government, which he
refused to pay over, and for which a judgment
was rendered against him.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
this bill does not make an appropriation.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal from that
decisipn. •
Mr. PELTON, I move to lay the appeal on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This bill gives
$8t,000 away. I move to lay it ou the table, and
on that I ask the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr QAJiTMAN. I wish to inquire whether
this bill has ever been considered by any commit-
tee of this House ?
The SPEAKER. It has never been considered
or referred to a committee.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 55, nays 121; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allen, AUison, Barclay, Hend-
ley S. Bennett, Boyce, Branch, Bufiinton, Ciinginan, Wil-
liamson It. VV. Cobb, Cox, Craige, Crawford, Cumback,
Timothy Davis, English, Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Greenwood, Harlan, Sampson VV. Harris, Herbert,
Ilolloway, Houston, Jewctt, Geoige W. Jones, Kelly,
Knapp, Samuel S. Marshall, McQueen, Smith Miller, Mill-
son, Morgan,Moirill, Packer, Peck,Quitman,Iiuffin, Sage,
Savage, Hcott, Sherman, Shorter, William R. Simrh, Stan-
ton, Stewart, Talbott, Taylor, Wade, Warner, Wheeler,
Woodruff, Daniel B. Wright, and John V. Wright—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Ball, Barbour, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Billmghuist, Bingham, Bishop, Bowie, Bradshaw,
Brenton, Bioom, Buihngame, Burnett, Jamas H. Campbell,
John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Carhle, Caskie,
ChalFee, Bayard Claike, Ezta Clark, Colfax, Coinins, Co-
vode, Ciagin, Cullen, Damrell, Henry Winter Davis, Jacob
C. Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell,
Dunn, Durfce, Edic, Elliott, Etheridge, Flagler, Foster,
Heniy M. Fuller, Gianger, Harrison, Haven, Hodges,
Thomas R. llorton, Valentine B. Iloiton, Howaul, Ilughs-
ton, Kelsey, Kennett, Kidwell, King, Knight, Knowlton,
Knox, Kunkcl, Lake, Loiter, Lindley, Lumpkin, Alexander
K. Marshall, Humphrey Maishall,Maxwell, McCarry, Kil-
lian Millei, Milhvaid, Moore, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Nor-
ton, Paine, Parkci, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,Pike,
Powell, Puiigle, Purviance, Ready, Ricaud, Ritchie, Rob-
bins, Roberts, Robison, Rust, Sabin, Sandidge. Sapp, Sew-
ard, Simmons, William Smith, Spinner, Suanahan,Swope,
Tappan, Thonngron, Thurston,Todd, Tiafton, Underwood,
Valk,Wakeman,Walbridgo,Walker, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Tsrael Washbuin, Watson,
Welch, Wells, Williams, Wood, Woodworth, and Zolh-
coffer—121.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The bill was then ordered to a third reading,
and was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on its passage.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. HAVEN moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, submitted the fol-
lowing report from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill reducing the duty on imports, and for other
purposes:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing vote of
the two Houses on the bill {H. R. No. 5G6) reducing the
duty on imports, and for other purposes, having met, after
full and free conference, have agreed to recommend, and
do recommcnd, to the i elective Houses as follows:
That the Hoi^e of' Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to the amendment of the Senate, and agree
thereto with amendments, tollows:
In line thirteen, on page 1,strike out the words " twenty-
three," and insert "twenty-four;" and strike out all after
the word "that," in line eight, page 2, to the end of the
section, page 4, and m lieu thereof insert:
All manufactures composed wholly of cotton, which are
bleached, printed, or dyed, and de laines, shall be trans-
ferred to schedule C. Japanned leather, or skins, of all
kinds, shall be tiansfcrrcd to schedule D. Ginger, green,
ripe, dried, preserved, or pickled; ochres and ochrey earths;
medicinal roots, leaves, gums, and resins m a crude state,
not otherwise provided ibr; warns—chemical, earthen, or
pottery, of a capacity exceeding ten gallons,-shall be trans-
ferred to schedule E. Borate of lime; coeulla, or tow of
hemp or flax, shall be transferred to schedule F. Anti-
mony, crude or regulus of; barks of all kinds, not other-
wise provided for; camphor, crude; canthandcs; carbonate
of soda; emery, in I urap or pulverised; fruits—green, ripe,
or dued ; gums—Arabic, Barbary, copal, East India, Jeddo,
Senegal, substitute, tragacanth, and all otner gums and
resins in a crude state; machinery exclusively designed
and expressly imported for the manufacture of flax and
hnen goodo; sponges; tin 111 plates or sheets, galvanized
or ung.ilvanized; woods—namely, cedar, lignum vita1,
ebony, box, granadilla, mahogany, losewood, satinwood,
and all cabinet woods, shall be transferred to schedule G.
Acid<—acetic, benzoic, boracic, citric, mui mtie, white and
yellow oxalic, pyioligneous and tartaric, and all other acids
of every description, used for chemical or manulactunng
purposes, not otherwise provided for; aloes; amber; am-
bergris ; aniseseed; annatto, Rouen or Orleans; arsenic;
articles not in a crude state, and used in dyeing or tanning,
not otherwise piovided for; asafcetida; asphaltum; barilla;
bleaching powder, or chloride of lime; borax, ciude; bou-
cho leaves; brimstone, crude or in hulk ; cameos, mosaics,
diamonds, gems, pearls, mbies, and other precious stones,
not set; chalk; clay; cochineal; cocoa, cocoa-nuts, and
cocoa shells ; coik tree baik; cream of tartaf; extract of
indigo; extracts and decoctions of logwood and other dye-
woods, not otherwise provided for; extract of madder;
flint, ground ; grindstones; gutta percha, unmanufactured;
India-rubber, m bottles, slab.-, or sheets, unmanufactured;
India-rubber, milk ot; indigo; lac spmts; lac sulphur;
lastmgs, cut in strips or patterns of the size and shape for
shoes, slippers, boots, bootees., gaiters, or buttons, exclu-
sively, not combined with India-rubber; munuf tctuies of
mohair cloth, silk twist, or other manufactuies of cloth
suitable for the manufacture of shoes, cut in stnpq or pat-
terns of the size and shape for shoes, slippers, boots, bootees,
gaiters, or buttons, exclusively, not combined with India-
rubber; music, printed with lines, bound or unbound; oils—
palm, teal, and cocoa-nut; Prussian blue; soda ash; spices
of all kinds; watch materials, and unfinished parts of
watches; wood or pastil,shall be transferted to schedule II.
Jhid be it further cnactcd, That on and after the 1st day
of July, 18T>7, the good-, waies, and merchandise mentioned
in schedule I, made pait hereof, shall be exempt from duly
and entitled to free entiy.
Schedule I.
All books, maps, charts, mathematical nautical instru-
ments, philosophical apparatus, and all other amcles what-
ever, imported for the use of the United States ; all philo-
sophical apparatus, instruments, books, maps, and ehaits;
statues; statuaiy; busts and eatts of marble, bronze, ala-
baster, or plaster of Pans; paintings and diawings; etch-
ings; specimens of scnlptme; cabiucts of coins, medals,
gems, and all collections of antiquities: Provided, The
same be specially imported, in good iaith, for the u-se of any
society, incorporated or established loi philosophical or lit-
erary purpose*, or for the encouiagement of the fine arts,
or for the use, or by the ouler, of any college, academy,
school, or seminary of learning m the United State*; ani-
mal carbon, (bone black;) animals, living, of all kinds;
argol, or crude tartar; aiticlcs, m a crude state, used in
dyeing or tanning, not otherwise provided lor; bark, Peru-
vian ; bells, old, and bell metal; hemes, nuts, flowers,
plants, and vegetables, used exclusively in dyeing or in com-
posing dyes, hut no aiiicle shall be classed as such that has
undergone any manutaeture ; bwnuth ; bitter apples; bolt-
ing cloths; hones, burnt, and bone du. t; books, maps, and
charts, imported by authority ot the Joint Ltbiary Commit-
tee of Congress, for the use of the Library of Congress :
Provided, That if in any ease a contract shall have been
made with any bookseller, mipoiter. or other person, for j
books, maps, or ehaits, m winch contract the bookseller,
importer, or other person, shall have paid the duly, or in
eluded the duty in said contract, m puch case the duty
shail not be remitted; brass in bars and pigs, or when old
and fit only toberemanuiactured; Brazil wood ; biazilletto,
and all other dyewoods, in sticks; bullion,gold and silver;
burr stones, wrought or unvvrought, but unmanufactured;
cabinets of coins, medals, and other collections of antiqui-
ties; coffee and tea when imported direct from the place
of their giowth or production in Ameiican vessels, or in
foreign vessels entitled by icetproeal treaties to be exempt
from discriminating duties, tonnage, and other chaiges;
coffee, the giowth or production of the possessions ot the
Netherlands, imported from the Netherlands in the same
manner; coins, gold, silver, and copper; copper oie; cop-
per, when imported lor the United States IMmt; copper in
pigs or bar*, or when old and lir only to be remanufactured ;
cotton; eutch; drason's blood; Jelt, adhesive, for sheath-
ing vessels; flav, unmanufactured; garden seeds, and all
other seeds foi agricultural, hoiticuitural, medicinal, and
manufacturing purpose*:, not othei wise piovided for; glass,
when old and fit only to bj renianu'.'aeturod ; good*, wares,
and merchandise, the growth, produce, or manufacture ot
the United States', expot ted to a foreign country and brought
back to the United States in the same condition a* when
exported, upon winch no drawback or bounty has been al-
; lowed : Pioiided, that all regulations to ascertain theiden-
i tity thereof, piescribed by ex'cting laws, or which may
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be
complied with; guano; household effects, old, and in use
of persons or families from foreign countries, if used abroad
by them, and nor intended for any other person or persons,
or for sale; ice; ivory, unmanufactured; junk, old ; Un-
seed, but not embracing flaxseed; madder root; madder,
ground or prepared; maps and charts; models of inven-
tions, and other improvements in the arts : Prodded That
no aiucle or articles shall be deemed a model orimprove^
mcnt which can he fitted for use ; oakum ; oil, spermaceti^
whale, and other fish, of American fisheries, and all oilier
articles the produce of such fisheiies; paintings and stat-
uary ; palm-loaf, unmanufactured; personal and house-
hold effects (not meichandise) of citizens of the United
States djing abioad; plaster of Paris, or sulphate of lime,
unground; platina, unmanufactured; rags, of whatever
material, except of wool; rattans and reeds, unmanufac-
tured ; sheathing copper, but no copper to be considered
such, and admitted free, except in sheets of forty-eight
inches long and fourteen inches wide, and weighing from
fourteen to thirty-four ounces the square foots"sheathing
metal, not wholly or in part of iron ungalvanized; shingle
bolts and stave bolts; silk, raw, or as reeled from the co-
coon, not being doubled, twisted, or advanced in manu-
facture in any way; specimens of natural history, min-
eralogy, or botany; substances expressly used for manures'}
tin,in pigs,bars,or blocks; trees,shrubs, bulbs, plants, and
roots, not othei wise provided lor; wearing appai el in actual
use, and other personal cffect?, (not merchandise,) profes-
sional books, implement', instrument*, and tools of trade;
occtipa ion, or employment, of persons arriving in the Uni-
ted States: Provided, That this exemption shall not be con-
strued to include machinery or other articles imported for
Ubein any manufacturing establishment, or for tale ; sheep's,
wool, unmanufactured, of the value of twenty cents per
pound, or less, at the port of exportation, and hair of the
alpaca, the goat, aud other like animals, unmanufactured:
Provided, That any wool of the sheep, or hair of the alpaca,
the goat, and other like auimals, which shall be imported
in any other way than the ordinary condition, as now and
heretofore practiced, or which shaifcbe changed in its char-
acter for the purpose of evading the duty, or which shall
be reduced in value, by the intentional admixture of dirt
or any foreign substance, to twenty cents per pound, Of
less, shall be sublet to pay a duty oftwenty-four per centum,
ad valorem, anything m this act to the contraiy notwith-
standing. •
(Signed) R. M. T. HUNTER,
WILLIAM II SEWARD,
S. A. DOUGLAS,
Managers on ike purt of the Senate.
LEWIS D. CAMPBELL,
JOHN LETCHER,
ALEXANDER DC WITT,
Managers on the part o/Jhc House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
Mr. ICUNKEL. I move that that report do.
lie upon the table.
The SPEAKER. Under the rules and practice,
of the House the gentleman from Oluo is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to appeal to th.e
gentleman from Ohio to let this bill be printed.
It is impossible for members to understand it from
hearing it read. It can be printed and ready for
our examination by to-morrow morning, and we
can act upon it then.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The House is
very full this evening, and I think it is important
that we should act upon this report on the tariff".
This is a measure of great importance to every*
section of our country and every industrial inter-
est. After it is acted on by the House it must
be returned to the Senate, in order that they may
decide upon its meiits. I do not think the bill
can be printed early enough to enable members
to examine it in detail, and compare it with the
various schedules of the act of ld4G, in such a
way as to enable them to have more information
than they now have upon this subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL, ofPcnnsylvania. "Willmy
colleague of the'Ways and Means Committee per-
mit me to make an inquiry ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Does the.
gentleman from Ohio suppose that the members
of this House can vote for that which he denom-
inates a great measure, without a full and search-
ing investigation—a bill which, in my humble'
judgment, will strike down the great industrial
interests of this country ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania makes an attack upon the
measure in the same breath in which he proposes
delay that he must know will be fatal. Now 1
apprehend that my friend from Pennsylvania de-
sires to defeat the measure, and that a part of the
system which he proposes to adopt to accom-
plish that object is delay. I am ready to meet
the responsibility resting on me as a member of
this House and of the committee of conference,
and I will, with very great pleasure, give to the
gentlemaiffrom Pennsylvania any information in
detail I have upon the subject, though I doubt
not he is already fully posted.
