1857.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
971
3tfar«hall, MeMullin, McQueen, Killian Miller, Smith Mil-
lei. Mill-on, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Nor-
ton, Aruliew Olivei, Orr, Paine. Peck, Pelton, Pennington,
pciiv. Pov.vll, I-Vugle, Puryear, Quitman, Ready, lticaud,
Robb.n-. Ruffin. Ru-t, Sabin, Sage, Sandidge, Sapp, Sew-
ard, Shennaj. Shoitcr, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith,
William XI Spmnei, Stevwut, Stranahan, Talbott,
Tappan. I'ny'ior, Thnnwrton, Thurston,Tyson, Vail,Valk,
W<ul s Wakcm-m, Walbridge, Walker, Warner, Cadwal-
adec C Wa-hhurne, Eihhu B. Washburne, Israel "Wash-
bum. Welch, Well?, Wheeler, Williams, Winslovv, Wood,
Wooumff, Woodworth, Daniel B.Wright, John V.Wright,
and ZoUic<>ffer~134.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ROBISON moved that there be a call of
the House; and demanded the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
Mr. BARCLAY demanded tellers upon the
yens and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. RuFFitfand
PuEtviANCE were appointed.
iTho IIousc divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 31, noes 123.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (more than
one-fifth having voted therefor.)
} The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 29, nays 154;. as follows:
YEAS—Mcpsis. Allison, Ball, Barclay, Bingham, Bliss,
Brnd:-baw, Broom, .lames H. Campbell, Oovode, Cox,Cum-
baek, Dunn. Edie, Hat lan, Hollo way, Knight, Kunkel, MU1-
waidj Mooifj Packer, Purviance, Roberts, Robison, Sav-
ag'\ Scot1, Simmon?, Stanton, Todd, and Watson—29.
NA YS—Me-sis. Aiken, Albright, Allen, Ilendley S. Ben-
nett, Ben^m, Bdlmghmst, Bishop, Bocock, Bowie, Branch,
BnMi'OM. Uufliiifon, Builmgame, Burnett, Cadvvalader,
John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Cailile, Caiuthers,
Canine, Chaff't1 'Bayaid Claike, Ezra Clnik, Clmgman,
Williamson 11. \V. Cobb, Colfax, Comms, Crasjm, Craigo,
Craw .oidjCu) ton. Damrell, Davidson, Henry Winter Davis,
Day, Dean, D-: Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfoe,
Edniui d^oii. Elliott, Ilmsie, English, Ethcndge, Euj-Us,
Evans, Faulkner, Floalei, Florence, Foster, Ilenry M.
Fuller, Thoia J D. Fullei, Galloway, Garnett, Goode,
Gia.v;oi, Givinvood, Augustus Hall, Sa'mpvm W. Hams,
TlJo-na-5 L fl.ii'i-", Ham-on, Haven, Herbert, Hodges,
Hoffman, Thoma> R. Iloiton, Valentine B. Ilorton, Hous-
ton, fJouriul. Uug'Mon. Jewert, Geoige W. Jones, Kel^oy,
Kuhvcll, Kiiayp.'luiovilion, Knox, Lake, Letter, Lctehci,
Imidi'W. Meee, nmnphtev MaHiall, Samuel S Marshall,
IVIaxr.H 11, MeMnlhn, MeClueen, Kilhan Wilier, Smith Mil-
loi, Mubon. Moigan, Moirtil, Monison, Molt, Murniy,
Nichoh, Noi ton, Audi ew Oiivei, Paine, Paikrr, Pock, Pel-
ton, Pounmiton, lvtut, Pike, Powell, Pimgle, Puiyear,
Ready, Cicaud, llohbins, Ituffm, Rust, Sabm, Sage, San-
dklito, Sapp, howard, Shoiman, Shotter, Samuel A. Smith, :
William Smith, William R.'Smith. Spinner, Stewart..
S?(ran'riian, Talbott, Tappan, Taylor, Thonmnon, Thurs-
ton, TrartOii,Tjsi)n, Underwood, Vail, Valk, Wade, Wake-
man. Waldion, Walker, EHihu B Washburne, J rael
Wa^'hbuni, Welc!i. Weils, Whitney, Winslow, Wood,
WooJ;mT, Woodworth, Daniel B. Wright, John V. Wright,
and Zoiltco£ici—1.34.
So the House refused to order a call.
Mr. TODD moved that the House adjourn, and
on that motion demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. PURVIANCE demanded tellers on the
yeas add nays.
Tellots were ordered; and Messrs. Gtaiujett
and Ccmbac:: were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 30, not1? 120.
The Speaker \'oted in the negative.
So the yojs ond nays were not ordered, (one
fifth not vtiny; in the affirmative.)
Mr. BARCLAY. Is it in order to move that
the further consideration of this question be post-
poned ?
Tiic SPEAKER. It la not.
Mr. oTA^'TON. I3 the report of the commit-
tee of conf.M-<>pco subject to division5
The SPEAKER. It is not; it is an indivisible
question. •
Mr. STANTON. I demand tellers on the mo-
tion to adjourn.
Mr. LETCHER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House for leave to introduce an act to
revive the act of the l ith of July, 1632, and for
other purposes.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wright of
Mississippi, and Hollow ay, were appointed. •
The H. use divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes tvenfv-se\en, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the bill and
report be bid unon the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the motion is not m order. There has been no
change in the position 01 the bill that would jus-
tify a repetition of the motion. ;
Mr. STANTON. But there has been inter-
vening business since the motion was last made. 1
The SPEAKER, But none which will justify
a repetition of the motion to lay upon the table.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. CUM BACK demanded the yeas and nays
on ordering the main question to be put.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 129, nays 58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aiken, Allen,Batbour, Henry Bennett,
Hundley S. Bennett, Ben&on, Bishop, Bocock, Bovvio,
Branch, Brenton, Buffinton, Builmgame, Burnett, Oadwal-
ader, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, CarliJe, Ca-
ruthers, Oa-kie, Chaffee, Bnyaid Claike, Ezra Clark,
CHngman, Williamson II. W. Cobb,Comins, Craige, Claw-
ford, Cullcn, Damrcll, Davidson, Ilenry Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, De Witt, DicK&on, Dovvdci),
Durfee, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Ethcndgc, Eusti*,
Evans, Faulknei, Flagler. Florence, Foster, Thomas J. D.
Fuller, Garnett, Goode,Gieenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Mor-
rison Hari is, Sampson VV. IIams,ThomasL. Hairi", Haven,
Hetbert,Hoffman, Thomas R. Ilorton, Valentine B. Horton,
Hughston, Jcwett,George VV. Jones, Kelly, Kidwcll,Knapp,
Knovvlton, Lake,-"Letchcr, Lumpkin, *Waee, Huinp'ney
Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Mavwoll, McMuHin, 31c-
Q,ucen, Killian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson. Mon^on,
Mott.iMurray, Nichols, Orr, Peck, Pennington. Peiry, Pike,
Powell, Puiyear, duitmau, Ready, Itieaud, Itnflin, Rutt,
Sajje, Sandidge, Seivard. Sherman, Shorter, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, William R. Smith, Spinner. Stew-
art, Stranahan, Talbott, Taylor, Thurston, Trafton, Under-
wood, Vail, Valk, Wakeman, Walkei, Cadwakuler O.
Washburne, Elhhn B. Washburne, Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Williams, Winslow, Wood, Woodruff, Daniel B.
Wngbt, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—1^9.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Alison, Ball, Barclay, Billing-
hurst, Bingham, Blt s, (Jiadshaw, Broom, James II. Camp-
bell, Co]lav, Covodc, Coy, Cragm, Cumbaek, Dodd, Dunn,
Edie, Ilenry M. Fulloi, Ilailan, Ham^on, Hodges, Hollo-
way, Houston, Howard, Kmgbt, Knox, KunUel, Leiter,
Alexander K. Maibhnll, Mdlward, Mooie, Morgan, Mornll,
Norton, Andiew Oliver, Packcr, Paiker, Pettit, Pnn2;lc,
Pnrvianec. Roberts,, llobison, Sabin, Sapp, Savage, Scott,
Simmons,'Stanton, Tappan, Thorington, Todd, Tyson,
Wade, Walbndgc. Waldron, Wataon, and Woodwuith—
58.
So the main question was ordered to be put.
Pending the call,
Mr. AfjjISON stated that Mr. Ritciiic had
paired off with Mr. Warneii.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the yeas and nays
upon agreeing to the report of the committee.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker- [Cries of "Order!" and "Call the
rolir*]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will state for what purpose he mes.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
mnkf* an inquiry of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, unless it
relates to a question of order.
Mr. CAMPBELL,of Pennsylvania. It relate^
to the question before the House, [Ciies of
" Older !" <( Call the roll!"] I desire to inquire
of (he Chair whethci, if this motion to agree to
the repoi t of t be committee be voted down, it will
not ho in older to move that the House insist upon
its disagreement to the amendments of the Senate,
and ask a second committee of conference r
The SPEAKER. It will be in order,
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 123, nays "<2; as follows:
YEAS—Me^is. A-ken, Alien, Barclay, Ueni3ie\ S. Ben-
nett, Benson, BiMiop, Boeoek, i3owie, bianeli, Bjlliuton,
BuUmgame, Duuiai, Ca Iwakuler, Lewi-, D. Campbell,
Carhi^,Casicif\ Chr.ffce.L/,iaClavk,('lm«nnn, Wuh iu^on
R. \V. Cobb, Comm*. Cidiiie. Ciawfonl, Danneil, D.wtd-
t'viu Ucmv V\'mtei Uavii,TiinoLhy D'ivib, Da\,D<.0ii, Dtn-
\fi,'Dci Witt, Diek-'on, llowdcll, Edmund.011, Elliott. Eng-
lt-,h. Ethendge, Eustn. Evaub, Faulkner, Flagleu Fiorenee,
it Foster,Thomas J. D. Fuller. Gaiecit, Goode,Gscenwood,
|! Augustus Hall, J. Momson Haii^, Snmp-011 W. Ham?,
li Thomas L Hum-. Haven, Heibeit. Thomas R H.nton,
l Valentine P . Iloiton, Houston. J George W. .lone-,
!! Kent, Kelly, Kidwell, Ivnapp. KtiowIiou, La.vc, Letcher,
f! Lnrnpkm, Mace, Ah xander SC. Mai l>aIL Samuel S. Mar-
'| shell, Maxwell, MeMullm, MeUuceii. Kills :>i M>llej. Smith
■ (Miller, Milhon. ?-loin-on, Molt, Muuay, IVicimls, Oir,
! Peck. Pelion, Pern, Pike, Powell, Pin\car, Uuitman,
'! Ready, Uuffln, ILiist, Sa-^. Sandidge, Savage.^ Sewaid,
li Shortei, Samuel A. Simtli, William Smith, William It.
•! Smith, Spumer, Stewait, Stranahan, Talbott, Tappan, Pay-
I01, Thurston, 'J'ralton, Underuood, V-nl, Valu, Wakeman.
Walker, fyrael Wa hbutn, Welch, Well.-, Wheeler, U hit-
riey. William^, Wm&low, Wood, Woodruit, Daniel B.
Wri"ht, John V. Wright, and Zolheoffci— l£i
^VAVS—"Messrs. Akcri, Albi-igiit, AJlioon, BalJ. Barbour,
Heniy Bcnnfitt, Hilhnghuist, Bmcham, Blis^, Bradshuw.
Brciiton, Broom, James II. C.impbtll. Caiuthers, Collux,
Covode. Cragm, Cullen, Cumbaek, Dodd, Dunn. Duriee,
Edie, Ilenry M. Fullei, Galloway, Giangei, Ilarlan, Har-
rison. Hodges, Ilollowav, Howard, Kelse\, Kennetr, King,
Ivmght, Knox, Kunkef, Leiter, Humphrey .Maishall, Mc-
Caity, Mnlwaid, Moore,Moigan, Momll, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Packei, Parker, Pennington, Pettit, Prmgie, P  r-
Viance,Rieaud, Roberta, Robison, Sabin, Sapp, Scott. §hej-
man, Simmons, Stanton, Swepe, Tiioimgton, Todd, 'j'yson,
Wade, Walbridge, Waldion, Cadwaludei C. VVathbmne,
Elhhu 13. Washburne, Watson, and Woodwoith—72,
So the report of the committee was agreed to.
Pending the call,
Mr. MILLSON said: I vote "ay," under
protest against the principle of the reduction.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Speaker, I was within
the bar, and wish to vote; and in the hope that the
next Congress will repeal the obnoxious features
of this bill, both in its details and principles, I
will vote for the proposed reduction. I vote in
the affirmative.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
vote by which the report of the committee was
agreed to be reconsidered, and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. BARCLAY. I wish to say [« Order!"
Order!"] I wish to say that I voted " ay" for
the purpose of moving to reconsider, and I call
the yeas and nays on laying the motion to recon-
sider on the table.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
SELMA A PORT OF DELIVERY.
Mr. WALKER. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of the bill (S. No. 556)
to constitute Selma, in the State of Alabama, a
pott of delivery.
The bill was read twice; afid the question being
on ordering it to a third reading,
Mr. WALKER called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered to be put; and under the
[ operation thereof the bill was ordered to be read
' a third time; and it was accordingly read the third
lime and^mssed.
Mr. WALKER moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I ask the general
consent of the House to introduce a resolution,
which has been usual at the close of our sessions,
in regard to the clerks and employes of this
body.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. DUNN. I presume that all know, who
ar«; at all conversant with the compensation of
persons in the employ of the Government, that
there is no class of public servants who are harder
worked, and less paid. I hope no gentleman will
object to the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tho regular
order of business.
Mr. DUNN. If objection is made, I raovo to
suspend Un- >ules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten*
ncspee objects.
Mr. DUNN. I move to suspend the rules*,and
I aide that 1 he resolution be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
P.eiohf>\ That there be paid out of thp contingent fund
of the (lon-e a like amount of additional compenration to
the same olfieuis-, elmks, messenger-, aivt oihcr emnlov^a
of t!v Hou-so, and others, as was direcied to be paid at tho
fir:-t session or the present Uongiesa by the re&oiution of
the Hou-e of August 15, lbo5.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays upon the motion to suspend the 1 ules.
Mr. HUGHSTON. Will the gentlemanfroift
Indiana accept an amendment?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object. I call for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
ll Tellers were nor ordered.
ij Mr. STANTON. Will it be in order to ImvQ
ji the names of those who vote for the yeas and
i1, nays recorded ?
|| The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
:.\ The question was taken on Mr. Dunn's motion;
j: and theiu were, 011 a division—ayes 131, noes 24.
J So (more than two thirds voting in favor there-
of) the rules were suspended; and the resolution
was introduced.
Mr. DUNN. I move the previous question
on the resolution.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the call, to allow me to amend
the resolution. There are five or six pages hero
for whose payment no provision is made -
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in m-des.
