m
THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March %
Mr. DUNN. I consent that the resolution may-
be modified so as to include these extra pages.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The resolution
cannot he modified after the rules have been sus-
pended. That is not the question before the
House for which the rules were suspended.
The SPEAKER. The rules having been sus-
pended for the consideration of the resolution, it
cannot be modified by the gentleman from In-
diana
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and n?y s on that resolution; but before that ques-
tion is. put, I move to lay the resolution on the
table.
" The motion was, not agreed to.
The yeas, and nays were not ordered, (only
fourteen members voting therefor.)
The question was taken on the resolution; and
there were, on a division—ayes 116, noes 29.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. DUNN moved to reconsider the vote by
Which the resolution was adopted, and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
REFUNDING MONEY TO VIRGINIA AND MARY-
LAND.
A bill to refund money advanced by the States
of Virginia and Maryland for the uses of the
United States being next in order, was taken from
the Speaker's table, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That bill makes
an appropriation, and must be first considered in
the Committee of the Whole. .
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to suspend
the rules, so that it may be considered in the
House now.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
60, nays 101; as follows:
YEAS—Mebsr&. Aliens, Allen, BiNinghurst, Bishop, Bo-
cock," Bowie, Hioom, John P. Campbell, Lewis, D. Camp
bell, Carliie, Crunchers, Cn^kie, Chaffer, Ezra Claik, Cox,
Henry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, Denver, Dodd, Dow-
dell, Elliott, Ethendge, Florence, Garnetr, Goode, Augus
tus ilnll. J. Monison Harris, Sampson W. Ilarus, Thomas
L. Ilarus, Ilatrison, Kelly, ICennett, Luke, Letchci,Hum-
phrey Marr>lull, Samuel S. Marshall, McMullm, Millson,
Millward, Nichols, Paine, Peck, Powell, llicaud. Robison,
Ruffm, Rust, Seward, Shorter, William Smith, William R.
Smuli. Stewart, i5wope,Trafton, Ty-on, Underwood, Valk,
Walker, Whitney, and Williams— 60.
NAYS—Messrs. Albnglu, Allison, Call, Barbour, Bar-
clay, Henry Bennett, Ilendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bing-
ham, Brad=>haw, Brenton, Bu'ffinton, Burlmgame, Burnett,
Cadwalader, James II Campbell, Williamson it. W. Cobb,
Colfax, Comins, Covodo, Cia^m, Craise, Crawford, Cullen,
Cumback, Damrell, Day, Dean, Dictoon, Dunn, Durfee,
Emno, Eustis, Evans, Flagler, Fo&teK Thorns J. D. Fuller,
Galloway, Robeit B. Ilall, Ilailan, Haven, Hodges, Hollo-
way, Valentine B. Hortori, Houston, Howard, Jevvett,
George W. Jones, Kelsey, Kin?, Rnapp, Knowlton, Knox,
Kunkel, Letter, Lumpkin, Mace, McCarty, Kilhan Miller,
Smith Miller, Morgan, Mornll, Molt, Murray, Noiton, Orr,
Parker, Pennington, Periy, Pike, Pruiglc, Purviance, Pur-
year, Quitman, Robbins, Roberta, Sabin, Sandidge, Sapp,
Savage, Scott, Simmons, S amuH A. Smith, Spinner, Stan-
ton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thomson, Todd, Wade, Wal-
bndge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wasiibuine, Eilihu B,
Waahburae. Israel Washburn, Watson, Wells, Wheeler.
Woodruff, Woodworth, and Zolheoffer—101.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
Fending the call of the roll,
Mr. BINGHAM stated that his colleague, Mr.
Bliss, was in ill health, and had paired off for
the night with Mr. Jewett.
- MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate was received, by
Asbury Dickies, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the Army ap-
propriation bill with amendments; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed the post route
bill.
MINNESOTA RAILROAD BILL.
The next bill in order on the Speaker's table
was the bill of the Senate granting lands to the
Territory of Minnesota in alternate sections to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
Territory; which was taken up, and read a first
and second time.
JOHN W. COX.
.Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. For the first
time during the present session of Congress have
I been entitled to the floor. I now ask the con-
sent of the House to take up a bill in which one
of my constituents is interested. It is a bill for
the relief of John W. Cox.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky. X move to
suspend the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended, (two thirds voting in favor thereof.)
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, moved the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Kentucky, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (at ten minutes past
eleven o'clock,) moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC , BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to take
from the Speaker's table the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial appropriation bill, for the pur-
pose of acting upon the amendments of the Senate
thereto.
Mr. SEWARD objected.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to suspend
the rules.
Mr. ORR demanded the yeas and nays upon
the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. ZOLLICOFB'ER called for tellers upon
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The House was then divided; and there were—
ayes 91, noes 30.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds having
voted in favor thereof,) and the bill was taken up
for consideration.
The amendments of the Senate were read, and,
with the exception of the following, were seve-
rally non-concurred in:
Third amendment of the Senate:
Aftoi the paragraph: u For Concessional Globe and
binding the tame, (544,964 80," insert as follows:
The publisher to fold, bind, and deliver the same under
the oider of the Senate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to concur
in that amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment of the Senate:
After the paragraph : For compensation of the surveyor
general noithw^t ot the Ohio, arid the clerks in his office,
;£$.nC0," nisei t as follows :
And is hereby made the duty of the Secretary of the In-
terior, as soon after the passage of this act as may be, to
cause the said office to be icmovod to the city of St. Paul,
in the Territory of Minnesota, and to make the neeessaiy
provi-ions for immediate and effective operations; and
when so removed, the duties of the suiveyor general shall
be coc\tensivc with the limits of the entire State of Min-
nesota, a« prescribed in the act entitledAn act to authorize
the people of the Terutory of Minnesota to toim a consti-
tution and State government, preparatory to their admis-
sion into the Union on an equal footing with the original
States," appioved Febiuary26, 1867.
Mr. MACE. I move that the amendment be
concurred in.
The amendment was concurred in.
Tenth amendment of the Senate was concurred
in, as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Navy to pay the salary of
Professor James P. E<=py for the current fiscal year ending
June 30,1857, $*2,000, the payment to be made in the same
manner arid underhke control as the former appropuations
for meteorological observations, and also for the year end-
ing June 30, 1858, $2,000.
Twelfth amendment:
Under the head of " Territory of Kansas" insert the fol-
lowing :
For compensation and mileage of the members of the
Lesjii-lative Assembly, offieeis. clerks, and contingent ex-
penses of the Assembly, £20,000.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the yeas
and nays upon that amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for tellers
upon concurring in the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith of
Virginia, and Stanton*, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 59, noes 73.
So the amendment was non concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report of.
the committee of conference on the bill reducing,
the duty on imports, and for other purposes.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., BILL—AGAIN.
Fifteenth amendment:
Page 33, after line twenty-six, add :
And that the annual salary of the district judge of the
United States for the district of Wisconsin shall hereafter
be $2,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. For the purpose,
of saving time, I move that a committee of con-
ference be appointed on the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the following
members were thereupon appointed as such com-
mittee upon the part of the House: Messrs.
Campbell of Ohio, Washburne of Illinois, and
Lumpkin.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to take up
the Army appropriation bill for the purpose of
acting upon the amendments of the Senate thereto.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to non-con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate collectively.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the read-
ing of the amendments.
Mr. QUITMAN. I hope the gentleman, will
not insist upon reading these amendments. We
must have a committee of conference upon the
bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have great respect
for committees of conference; but this is the only
time we shall hear these amendments, and I insist
upon their being read.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to suspend
the rules so as to dispense with the reading.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 100,
noes 19.
So the rules were suspended; and the reading of
the amendments was dispensed with, (two thirds
having voted in favor thereof.)
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
if it is in the power of this House to require gen-
tlemen to vote upon propositions which they have
never heard read ?
The SPEAKER. The rales give every gen-
tleman the right to have read any proposition on
which he is called to vote; but it is to-day in or-
der to move to suspend the rules, and the House
has suspended that rule.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I certainly cannot
be compelled to vote upon a proposition which I
have never heard read. I appeal from the decis-
ion of the Chair.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move to lay the ap-
peal upon the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I now ask for a
separate vote upon each of these amendments.
The rules have been suspended, as I understand,
only to dispense with the reading.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rule*which requires a separate vote to be
taken on each amendment.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House divided; and the rules were sus-
pended, (two thirds voting in favor thereof.)
Mr. STANTON. Have two thirds of the
Hip use the right to deprive me of calling for a
division of the question ?
The SPEAKER. The rules of the House give
the gentleman that right, but the rules have been
suspended.
Mr, SMITH, of Virginia. Very well, the
House has decided, then, that the amendments
shall be decided collectively. Now I ask that the
Chair shall state the questions upon the amend-
ments collectively. The House has dispensed
with the reading; and I suppose the Speaker must
state the substance of them.
