1857.
ME €ONGfe&&&OftAL GLOfeE.
9Vo
The SPEAKER.. The Chair will state the
question. The question is upon the amendments,
numbered from one to forty, to th'e bill of tlie
House making Appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending June 30, 1858.
The question was taken; and the amendments
were non-concurred in.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendments were
non concurred in; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
minnesota railroad bill.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
Senate bill (No. 576) making a grant of land to the
Territory of Minnesota, in alternate sections, to
aid in the construction of certain railroads in said
Territory.
Mr. CRAIGE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. PAINE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken, and theHouse refused
to adjourn; there being, on a division—ayes 31,
noes 95.
Mr. CAMPEELL, of Ohio. I move that the
House insist on its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Army appropriation
bill, and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs CLxiit-
maw, Haven, and Wakemajt, were appointed as
managers of the conference on the part of the
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved that the
House adjourn.
The question was taken; and theHouse refused
to adjourn.
Mr. BRENTOH. I move the previous ques-
tion on «he bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to lay the
bill upon the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask the gentleman from
Indiana to withdraw his call until I can offer an
amendment.
publication of american state papers.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to permit me, at the instance of the
Committee on the Library, to report a joint reso-
lution authorizing the further publication of the
American State Papers.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
Mr. PETTIT. If there, is objection to the res-
olution 1 move to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. PETTIT. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is hardlyin
order while the Minnesota bill is under consider-
ation. Where does that bill go to ?
The SPEAKER. The House resumes its con-
sideration as soon as it disposes of this motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. ORR. Has the consideration of the Min-
nesota bill been commenced ?
The SPEAKER. It has been read a first and
second time.
Mr. ORR. I suppose it is hardly in order to
move a suspension of the rules while the House
is considering another matter ?
The SPEAKER. If the House chooses to do
so, it can.
Mr. LETCHER. What is the use of publish-
ing those papers?
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. No use whatever.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask for a division
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The question was put; and the rules were not
suspended, (two thirds not voting in favorthere-
of.)
minnesota railroad bill again. ^
The House resumed the consideration of the
bill making a donation of lands to Minnesota, the
question being on ordering the bill to be read a
third time.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to lay the
bill upon the table. '
11 Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that motion I
demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANTON (at twenty minutes past
twelve o'clock, a. m.) moved that the House
adjourn.
Mr. CUMBACK called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Smith of
Virgin^ and Murray were appointed.
The House divided;and the tellers reported—
ayes 49, noes 78.
So the House refused to adjourn.
enrolled bills.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled resolutions and
bills of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A resolution relative to sections sixteen and
thirty-six in the Territories of Minnesota, Ne-
braska, and Kansas;
An act to establish an additional land district in
the State of Wisconsin;
A resolution concerning Wolf Island;
An act for the relief of Jedcdiah H. Lathrop
and his sureties; and A
An act for the relief of William L. Davidson.
MINNESOTA RAILROAD BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. SEWARD. Before the motion to lay upon
the table was made, the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Brenton] agreed to accept my amendment.
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay upon the
table has prcccdence. Upon that motion the
yeas and nays are called.
The yeas and nays wore ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 50, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs Bingham, Bocock, Bianch, Burnett,
Oadwalader, James Jl Campbell, Caihle, Catkin, William-
son II. W. Cobb, Craige, Crawford, Cullen. Cnmb.ick, Day,
Dodd, JDowdcll,Dunn, Elliott, Flagler, Florence, Galloway,
Gamett, Harlan. J. Moi rison Harris, Hai rison, Haven, IIol-
loway, Valentine B. Iloiton, Houston, Jeu-ctt, George W.
Jones, Letcher, Ilumphiov Mai«.lial!, McCiuecn, Milis-on,
Moore, Morgan, Mori :I, Mutiay, Awhew O ivcr, Paine,
Peny, Powell, Puiviaaeo, Piuyeor, Llutlin, Scott, Sliortei,
Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spumer, Stanton. Stew
art, Snanahan, Wade, Iniael Washburn, Window, Wood,
and ZolltcofTcr—,'.>9.
NAYtf— Missis Allen, Bail, Baiboui, Barclay, Henry
Be.nnetr, Ilendley S Bennett, Bonbon, Billing'iurst, Bis hop,
Bowie, Brad*foaw, Bienton, Broom, Buflinton,Bnrlingame,
Lewis D. Campbell, Cat uthers, Ezra Clark, Chalice, Cling-
man, Colfax, Coinms. Covode, Cra^m, fJeniy Winter Davis,
Timothy Davis, Dean, Denver, De Witt, Dickson, Edte,
Eustis, Evans, Ilenry M. Fuitei, Granger, G-eenwood, Au-
gustus Hall, Thomas It. floiton. Howard, Hnghston, Kelly,
ICelsey, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowltoti, Knox,
Lake. Loiter, Mace, Alexander K. Man-hall, Samuel S.
Marshall, MeCarty, Kiliian Miller, smith Miller, Millvvaid,
Nichols, Norton, Parkci, Peek. Pelton, J?ennwgfon, I'ettit,
Pike, Pimple, Quitman, Robbms, Roberts, Ru^, Sabin,
Sa^e, Sapp, Seward, William It. Smith, Tappan, Thormg-
ton, Thurston, Todd, Trafton, Underwood, Valk, Wake-
man, Walbridge, Waldron, Walker, Oadwalader C. Wa h-
hurne* Ellihu B. YVa-hburne, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Williams, Woodruff, Wood worth, and Daniel B. Wright—
95.
So* the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
Pending the vote,
Mr. FOSTER stated that he had paired off for
the rest of the night with Mr. Simmons.
Mr. KNAPP stated that Mr. Damrell had
paired off with Mr. Goode.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, stated that his col-
league, Mr. Wright, had left the House a short
time previously on account of indisposition.
The question recurred on the call for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, (at twenty minutes
to one o'clock,) moved that the House do now
adjourn, and called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sapp and
Craige were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 27, noes 80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
MESSAGE FROM the SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Dickies, its Secretary, notifying the House that
the Senate had passed an act for the relief of Mary
Hooker.
enrolled bill.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to consti-
tute Selma, in the State of Alabama, a port of
delivery; when the Speaker signed the same.
MINNESOTA RAILROAD BILL AGAIN.
Mr. COLFAX. I desire to have an opportu-
nity to amend the bill so as to provide that none
but actual settlers shall be allowed to*purchase
the alternate sections not granted for railroad pur-
TKe SPEAKER. The 'amendment cannot be
offered unless the House refuse to second the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. BRENTON. I withdraw the dehiarid fbV
the previous question to allow the gentleman from
Georgia to offer an amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following'amend-
ment, and renew the call for the previous ques-
tion :
Anile it farther enacted, That there be, and is hereby,
granted to the State of Alabama, for the purpose of aiding
m the construction of a railroad from the line of Georgia,
on the Chattahoochee uvor,to the city of Mobile. Alabama,
through the counties of Ilenry, Dale. Oofice, Covington,
Conecuh, Baldwin, and Mobile, and a branch railroad from
Eufauhi to Montgomery, through the counties of Barbour,
Pike, Macon, and Montgomeiy, chartered by ihe State of
Alabama, by an act ent'lled k  An act to authorize the Sa-
vannah and Albany Raiiioad Company to extend tbeirfail-
load ftom the line of Georgia, on tlie'Chattahoocliee river,
to the cuvof Mobile, Alabama, and to extend a branch roaa
from Eu.'uula to Montgomery appioved December 20,
1853, alternate sections of the public lands to the same ex-
tent, and in the same manner, and upon th.e same limita-
tions and restrictions, in every respect, as was granted to
aid in the construction of other railroads under an act of
Cong! ess entitled An act granting public lands in alternate
sections to the State of Alabama, to aid in the construction
ofcertain railioads in said State,'' approved June 3, 1856,
MivLETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
Under the 55th rule that amendment is not in
order
The SPEAKER. It is for the ^rant of lands
to another State, and comes within the rule of
the House according to very many precedents on
that subject.
Mr. .TONES, ofTennessee. It is on a different
subject altogether.
The SPEAKER. It is certainly within the
rule established by the House.
Mr. irETCHER. Is not the bill standing on
a different ground from the amendment?
The SPEAKER. It has always been held that
a bill to grant lands to a State or Territory may
be amended by granting lanJs to another State or
Territory.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal from that
decision.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I move to lay the
appeal upon the table.
Mr. SHORTER. I desire to offer "ah amend-
ment to the amendment.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. LETCHER. If every State is to be brought
in, let us have an omnibus bill.
The 55th rule was read, as follows:
"No motion or pioposition on a subject different froih
that under cons-ideiation shall be admitted under color of
amendment. No bill or resolution shall at any time be
amended by annexing thereto or incoiporatine therewith
any other bill or resolution pending before the House."
Mr. LETCHER. Now, is not this bill, which
the gentleman offers as an amendment, pending
before the House ? It is a printed bill.
The SPEAKER. The subject before the House
is the bill granting lands to the Territory of Min-
nesota for railroad purposes; and the amendment
proposes to grant lands for the same purpose to
the State of Alabama. It is clearly within the
rule; and the Chair could refer to many prece-
dents embodying the same principle.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would like to
hear a few of them.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to make a
suggestion: The 55th rule has reference to the
pendency of another bill. This amendment in
reference to Alabama is now pending in the form
of a bill, and it is proposed to incorporate it with
this other bill.
The SPEAKER. That makes no difference.
The question was taken on the motion to lay
the appeal on the table; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move to lay the
whole subject on the table.
Mr. STANTON, (at twelve o'clock and fifty
minutes, a. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn; and I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays 105; as follows:
YE 43—Messrs. Albright, Baibour, Bingham, Bocock*
Branch. CadwaJader, James H. Campbell, Carhlc, Caskie,
Cluwnan, Williamson R. \V. Cobb, Ctaige, Cumback, Day,
Dowdell, Dunn, Elliott, Flagler, Florence, Galloway, Har-
lan. Haven. Hollovvay, George W. Jones, Knox, Lake,
Letcher, McMullmf McQueen, Millson, Moore, Morrill,
Andrew Oliver, Paine, Powell, Purviance, Puryear, Ruf-
lin Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, Tappan, Israel Washburn, Daniel B, Wright, and
Zoliicoffer—47,
