974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bail, Barclay, Henry Bennett,
Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, BiHinghurst, Bishop, Bowie,
Brad&havv, Bremen, Broom, Buffinton, Burhngame, Bur-
nett, Lewid D. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Colfax, Comhis, Covode, Cragin, Crawford, Culien, Tim-
othy Davw, Dean, Denver, De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Dur-
fee, JSdie, Evans, Faulkner, Henry M. Fuller, Granger,
Gieenwood, Augustus Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Thomas R.
Burton, Valcntme B. Horton, Howard, Hughston, Jewett,
Kelly, Kel&ey, Kennetl, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton,
Leiter, Lumpkin, Mace, Alexander K. Marshall, Hum-
phrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McCarty, Killian
MiUcr, Smith Miller, Milhvard, Morgan, Murray, Nichols,
Norton, Orr, Parker, Pelton, Pennington, Perry, Pike,
Pringle, Quitman, Ricaud, Robbins, Roberts, Rust, Sabm,
Sage, Sapp, Savage, Seward, Shorter, William R. Smith,
Stewart, Stranatian,Thonngton, Thurston, Trafton,Under-
wood, Valk, Wakeman, Walbridge, Waldron, Walker,
Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Wat-
eon, Welch, Wells, Williams, Wood, Woodruff', and Wood-
worth— 105.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. PAINE. I ask the gentleman from Geor-
gia to withdraw his call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. SEWARD. I cannot.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I ask, if the
House now adjourns, whether this will not be the
first business in order in the morning?
The SPEAKER. It will.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, (at fifteen minutes
past one oMock,) moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. PIIINGLE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the ncgauve—yeas 51, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Bingham, Bocock, Bianeh,
Burnett, Cadwalader, James 1L Campbell, Caskie, Wil-
liamson R. VV. Cobb, Colfax, Ciaige, Ciawfoid, Culien,
Cumback, Dowdeil, Duun, Elliott, Faulkner, Flagler,
Florence, Galloway, Harlan, J. Morrison Hairis, Haven,
Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Jewett, Gcoige
W. Jones, Letcher, Lumpkin, MeMuilm. McQueen, Mili-
80«, Morgan, Mort, Andrew Oliver, l\uue, Powell, Pur-
vear, Llicaud, Rutfin, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, Wdham
Sun h, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Israel Washburn, Wins
low, and Zolhcoflcr—31.
NAYS —Messrs. A1 en, Ball, Barbour, Barclay, Ilcnry
Bennett, Hendley S. Bennett, Benson, Bilhughuisi, Bi-hop,
Bowie, IhacLhnw, Bienton, Broom, Bulfmton, Biiilnigame,
Jjcvvss D Campbell, Caiuthers, Chafl'ee, Ezja Ctaik, Coin-
in', Covode, Timothy Davis, Dean, I)envei,De
Witt, Dickson, Edic, Evan«, IJemy M. Fuller, Grancei,
Gteenwood, Augus-rus Hall, Thomas R floiton, Ilovvaid,
Hughston, Kelly, Kelsjey, ICcnnett, King, Knapp, Kniirht,
Knowiton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Mace, Alexander K. Mar-
shall, flumplncy Marshall, Samuel S. Manhall, McCarty,
Kilhan.Millci, Smith Miller, Milhvard, Mui ray, Nichols,
Nonon, Orr, Parker. Peck, Pelton, Pennington. Pdce, Prn-
tle, Quitman, ttobbms, llobert^, Ilu<t, Sabm, Sago, Sapp,
■ewaid, Slioiter, William II. Smith. Ptranahan, i app.iu,
Thoiington, Tliuit-ion, Todd, Trafion, (Jiulmwood, Valk,
Wakeman, Walbudge. Waldron, Walker, Cadwalader C.
Wa«hbuine,Eniliu 11. Wa^hbiune, Watson, Welch, Well«,
Wnlianu, Wood, Woodiufif, and Woodwonh—W.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question recurred on Mr. Seward's amend-
ment.
Mr. STANTON. If 1 can have the opportu-
nity of testing the sense of the House on an
amendment I desire to offer, I will make no more
opposition to this bill.
Several Members objected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, demanded the yeas
and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was then agreed to.
The question now being on ordering the bill as
amended to a third reading, it was taken, and de-
cided in tho affirmative—ayes S3, noea 3G.
The bill was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SEWARD demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. S.MIJH, of Virginia, demanded tellers
on seconding the demand for the previous ques-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dowdei.l
and Ball were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ay* s 99, noes 23.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 60; as follows: >
YEAS5—M^ssrd. Allen, Ball, Bari^pur. Barclay, Henry
Bennett, UeiidUy S. Benueci, Benson, Billinshuut, Bithop,
Bowie, B ad-haw, Brrnton, Broom, Buffinton, Burhn-
game, Lewis I>. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaffee, Ezra Clark,
Cojiiins, fJovod«> Cragm, Timothy Davis. Dean, Denver,,
Dickson, Edie, Evans, Henry M. Fuller, Granger, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, Thomas L. Harris, Thomas R. Hor-
ton, Howard, Hughston, Kelly, Kelsey, Kennett, King,?
Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Lake, Leiter, Mace,
Alexander K. Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, McCft*ty,
Killian Miller, Milhvard, Nichols, Parker, Peek, Pelton,
Pennington, Pettit, Pike, Pringle, Quitman, Robbins, Rob-
erts, Ruot, Sabin,Sage, Sapp,Seward, Shorter, William R.
Smith, Thorington, Thurston, Trafton, Underwood, Valk,
Wakeman, yValbridge, Waldron, Walker, Cadwalader C.
Washburne. Ellihu B. Washburne, Watson, Welch, Wells,
Williams, WoodiufF, and Woodworth—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Bingham, Boeoek, Branch,
Burnett, Cadwalader, James H. Campbell, Carlile, Caskie,
Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Craige, Crawford, Culien,
Cumbaek, Dowdeil, Dunn, Elliott, Faulkner, Flagler,
Florence, Galloway, Harlan, J. Morrison Harris, Haven,
Holloway, Valentine B. Horton, Houston, Jewett, George
W. Jones, Letcher, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Mc-
Mullin, McQueen, Smith Miller, Millson, Morgan, Molt,
Murray, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Paine, Perry, Powell, Pur-
year, iticaud# Ruffin, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan, Tappan,
Israel Washburn, Winslow, Wood, and Zolhcoffer—60.
<So the bill was passed.
Mr. SEWARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD moved to amend the title of the
bill by adding the words, "and granting public
lands in alternate sections to the State of Alabama,
to aid in the construction of a certain railroad in
said State."
The amendment was agreed to.
CLAIM OF MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. LAKE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House for leave to report back and put upon
its passage Senate bill (No. 4) to settle certain
accounts between the United States and the State
of Mississippi and other States. The bill passed
the Senate at the last session of Congress, and
was then referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, which committee unanimously direct me
to report it back, with the recommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. J-iAKiU. I move, then, that the rules be
suspended to enable me to make the repent I have
indicated.
Mr. RUFF IN". I move that tho House ad-
journ.
Mr. HAVEN". I hope that when we adjourn,
we will adjourn to meet to-morrow, at ten o 'clock
in the morning. I will make that motion.
The SPEAKER. It is not m order unless by
general consent.
Objection was made.
Mi. UUFFIN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cullen and
Pelton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 63, noes IT.
So the motion was agreed to.
And thereupon the House (at two o'clock, a.
m.) adjourned until eleven o'clock, a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, Jtfarch 3, 1857.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer I
by the Chaplain, Rev. Daniel Waldo. ]
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of yes- ;
terday. i
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the j
further reading of the Journal be dispensed with, j
The motion was agreed to. j
P\Y OF NEW MEMBERS. !
The SPEAKER. The Chair asks leave to ;
I make a statement in legard to the compensation j
I ofmembcis. There are yonie eight members of '
, the House whose compensation is not determined !
j by the statute passed during" tins Congress?. It
jneeds interpretation; and, as different circum- j
j stances enter >nto the cast-s which they present, :
■ the Chair hns declined to make a construction
! which will allow thorn that which they think they i
; are entitled to. The Chair therefore asks that '
i the subject may he icferred to the Committee on ;
j the Judicial y of this House, to determine what '
construction ohall be given to the law m regard ;
j to the compensation of the eight members referred j
; to; and that that committee have leave to report
1 at any time during the clay.
i It was oidered accordingly. !
i: M**. OLIVER, of New York. I ask that the i
clerk of the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
embraced in the order of the House just passed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
PAY OF HON. THOMAS CHILDS, JR.
Mr. KELLY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House for leave to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the salary of Thoma« Child*. Jr.. a mem-
ber of this House from the State of New York, who has
been prevented from taking his seat by illne---, be pud to
him from the 8th of August, 1838, to the 3d of March, 1807,
as though he had been iu regular attendance on the i-utnigs
of the House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. KELLY. I give notice that I shall, when
the opportunity presents itself, move to suspend
the rules for the introduction of that resolution.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury DiCKiNb, their Secretary, notifying tho
House that the Senate insisted on its amendments,
disagreed to by the House, to a bill (TJ. R. No.
606) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1853, a-nd
agreed to the committee of conference asked for
by the House; and had appointed Messrs.
Pearce, Toombs, and Clay as managers of said
conference on its part.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, was, by unanimous
consent, excused from service upon the commit-
tee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the bill making appropriations
for the executive, legislative, and judicial depart-
ments of the Government, for the year ending
June 3D, 1858; and the Speaker thereupon ap-
pointed Mr. Campbell, of Pennsylvania, in the
place of Mr. Campbell, of Ohio.
CLAIM OF MISSISSIPPI.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is on
a motion submitted last night to suspend the rules
to allow the gentleman from Mississippi [Mr.
Lake] to report back from the'Committee on the
Judiciary, Senate bill (No. 4) to settle certain ac-
counts between the United States and the State
of Mississippi and other States.
Mr. LAKE. Mr. Speaker, when we adjourned
this morning, the pending motion was to su«r><-nd
tho rules,in order to enable the bill stated by 'he
Chair to be reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, and considered at this tnre. I am
unanimously directed by that committee to ask
to put the bill on its passage. If the House will
indulge me while I make a few remarks in refer-
ence to the merits of the bill, and the just claim
of Alississippi, the payment of which she seeks
by the passage of this bill, I think there will be
no objection to its immediate passage.
I will remark first, Mr. Speaker, that this is a
claim on the part of Mississippi for five per cent,
upon the lands which had been reserved for the
use of the Indians inhabiting that Siate while it
was a Territory, and at the time of her admission
as a State into this Union, estimating these lands
at the minimum price of 25 per acre. Those
Indian reservations grew up in this way: The
titles to the land were always in the Government,
of the United States. The Indians had only o
possessory title thereto, but under various treaties
that possessory title to these lands was ex;:.i-
guished. These lands were sold by the treats
between the Indians and theGenerafGovornmpnt;
but in the case of the Chickasaw Indians, all the
money arising from the sales of the^e lands were
required to be invested for the use and benefit of
these Chickasaw Indians. Tho proceeds have
been so invested, and constitute a portion of that
$8,000,000 which the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means has been seeking to have
invested in State securities as late as yesterday.
Five per cent, of the proceeds of the lands thus
sold wos paid to the Rrate of Mississippi: but of
flie lands which were reserved, and not sold for the
benefit of those Indians who removed west of the
Mississippi river, but granted to those that re-
mained in the State, no portion of the five per
cent, has ever been paid to the State of Missis-
sippi. The reason why it has not been pa-d by
the accounting officcis of the Government wa^,
that those lands were not, technically 3'-eakujg,
sold By the General Government m their judg-
ment.
Now, the question is, were the lands gold ? We
