1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
say they were, because their disposition contained
the elements of all sales. There was a consider-
ation for this sale. The deed of cession of this
land, upon the part of the State of Georgia, ex-
pressly stipulated that they should not be disposed
of except for the use and benefit of all the States
of this Union, Georgia included. I say, the fact
that they were to be disposed of for the benefit
of all the States of the Union, Georgia included,
constitutes a consideration for these grants to the
Indians, and it was just as much a sale as where
the lands were sold, and the proceeds were in-
vested for the benefit of the Indians. In some
cases, the Indians received and discharged the
obligations due them, by the receipt of money;
and in other cases, the Indians took land in lieu
of money. In some cases, money was paid to
the Indians, and in others, lands were given to
the Indians.
Mississippi now asks that five per cent, upon
these Indian reservations, estimating the same at
the rate of $1 25 per acre, be paid to her. It is
expreSsly provided in the act of 1817, which ad-
mitted Mississippi as a State into the Union, that
she should be paid five per cent, of the lands sold
within her limits, and it was based upon an equiv-
alent paid by the State of Mississippi, and the con-
dition has been faithfully complied with. One con-
dition was, that no taxes should be assessed upon
the lands of non-residents higher than those as-
sessed upon the lands of residents; that she should
not tax Government lands for anything; that no
taxes should be assessed upon any lands sold by
the Government until after five years from such
sale; and that her rivers shall always be kept open
to all the States of the Union. All these things have
been done by a provision in her constitution, as
required by the act of 1817. The fifth section of
the act of 1817 has also received a congressional
interpretation in the case of the State of Alabama,
whose law was precisely like this; and in the last
Congress of the United States a bill was passed
authorizing the accounting officers of the United
States to compute the five per cent, upon the
Indian reservations in that State, and to pay it
to the State of Alabama, as the gentlemen repre-
senting that State know, and all men know, who
have any knowledge of congressional legislation.
Then I say the contract is clear, although the
accounting officers of the Government may, from
prudential reasons, have refused us this five per
cent. But the Government of the United States
has spoken through its congressional voice, de-
claring that it was based upon compact, and we
now ask it from the justice of Congress; and I
will say, in conclusion, that it has been a justice
too long deferred.
If the rules are suspended, I shall call the pre-
vious question.
The rules were suspended; and the bill was
taken up, and read a first and second time.
Mr. LAKE moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, moved to lay
the bill upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to---a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, demanded the
yeas and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. LAKE moved that the vote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the reception of reports from the standing
committees of the House.
Mr. PRINGLE obtained the floor.
Mr. MAXWELL. I rise to a privileged ques-*
tion. I call up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which Senate bill No. 84 was referred to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. PB.INGLE. I suppose I am entitled to the
floor, and the gentleman cannot take it from me.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order to call up
that motion while the gentleman from New York
is upon the floor.
Mr. MAXWELL. I thought it was privi-
leged at any time.
The SPEAKER. It is privileged so far as re-
ceiving the motion to reconsider; but it cannot
displace another matter.
JOHN RILEY.
Mr. PRINGLE, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, asked leave to report back a bill (S.
No. 530) for the relief of John Riley, an Indian
of the State of Michigan.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected.
Mr. PRINGLE moved to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended; and the bill was
reported back.
It directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of John Riley, an Indian of the State
of Michigan, on the pension list, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, to commence 4th Sep-
tember, 1856, and continue during his natural
life.
Mr. PRINGLE moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the bill was ordered to be read a third time; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PRINGLE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
APPRAISEMENT OF IMPORTS.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported back a,bill
(S. No. 586) to amend the act reducing the duty
on imports, and for other purposes, passed July
30, 1846.
The bill amends the eighth section of the act
of July 30, 1846, as follows:
Sec. 8. Jlrul be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful
for the owner, consignee, or agent of imports which have
been actually purchased, or procured otlieiwi.se than by
purchase, on entry of the same to make s-uch addition m
the entry to the cost or value given in the invoice as, in his
opinion, may raise the same to the tiue market value of
such imports m the principal markets of the country whcncc
the importation shall have been made; and to add thereto
all costs and charges which, under existing laws, would
fount part of the ti ue value at the poit where the same may
be entered, upon which the duties should be assessed And
it shall be the duty of the collector, within whose district
the same may be imported or entered, to cause the dutiable
value of such imports to bes appraised, estimated, and as-
certained, in accordance with the provisions of existing
laws; and if the apptaised value thereof shall exceed, by
ten per centum or more, the value so declaicdon the entry,
then, in addition to the duties imposed by law on the same,
there shall be levied, collected, and paid a duty of twenty
per centum ad valorem on such appraised value": Provided,
nevertheless, That under no eircuinhtanee^ shall theduty
be assessed upon an amount le?s than the invoice or en-
tered value, any law of Congress to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Mr. PULLER, of Maine. I desire to have
this bill amended by placing on it two additional
sections, which I hold in my hand. They are
recommended by the Secretary of the Treasury;
and I know, on conference with the officers con-
nected with the collection of the revenue, that
these two provisions are very necessary for the
public convenience and welfare.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am satisfied
that such is the fact. I will allow the amend-
ment to be offered; and then I ask the previous
question.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Beit further enacted, That before any goods, wares, or
merchandise, which may be taken from any wreck, shall
be admitted to an entry, and m all cases where a reduction j
of duty phall be claimed on account of damages which any
goods, wares, or merchandise hhall have sustained in the
course of the voyage of importation to the United States,
the appraising officer or officers at the poit shall ascertain
and certify at what rate or -per centum the said goody, ware*,
or merchandise are damaged; and the rate or per centum oi '
damage so ascertained and certified shall be final and con-
clusive, and shall be deducted fiom the original amount
subject to duty; and the ceitilicate of any appraising oflicei
shall be taken and held to be conclusive evidence that the
damage has been ascertained according to law.
And be it further enadeJ, That goneia! appiai«eis under
the second section of the act of 3d March 1851, may be
assigned to the duty of appraising special articles of iner
chandise at any of the portn, and to the ascertainment of
damages on the voyage of importation, as provided m the
preceding section ; and tiie Secretary of the Tieasury shall j
have power and authority to give assistant appi aiders the t
same authority to make appraisements that appraisers now j
have; and all acts and parts of acts inconsistent or con-
flicting with the provisions of tins act are hereby repealed.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the amendment was agreed to, and the bill, as
amended, ordered to be read a third time".
The bill was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have just
passed a law in respect to the tariff, and we do
not know what construction may be given to this
act, or whether its provisions may not change the
law which we passed last night. I therefore move
that this bill be laid on the table.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. There are only two
points in this amendment. One is to enable the
Secretary of the Treasury to detail appraisers
from one port to another, to meet the great press
of business in the port of New York. The other
relates merely to the ascertainment of damages
accruing on the voyage of importation. It has
nothing to do with the tariff.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I more the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 would inform my friend
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] that the bill which
is now presented to the House, and which comcs
from the Senate, is very essential. It is abso-
lutely necessary to insure justice between import-
ers and the Government, I hope he will with-
draw his motion to lay on the table. It has been
examined into thoroughly, and reported on by
the Secretary of the Treasury. I have looked
into the'subject, and know that the bill is neces-
sary. The amendments I have not looked into.
Thequestion was taken on Mr. Jones's motions
and it was not agreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation,
the bill was passed.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed, and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on tho
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as correctly cmollcd an act
reducing the duty on imports, and for other pur-
poses; when the Speaker signed the same",
ALABAMA RAILROAD BILL,
.Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committees
on Public Lands from the further consideration
of an act (S. No. 502) to amend an act granting
public lands in alternate sections to the State of'
Alabama, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State. It is a bill simply to
change the name of a company.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, objected,
Mr. XiOUSTON. Then I move to suspend 6tie
rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were sua®
ponded.
Mr. THORINGTON",from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back the bill in question.
It amends the sixth section of the act granting
public lands, in alternate sections, to aid in tho
construction of certain railroads in the Stale of
Alabama, by inserting, in lieu of the words
"Central railroad from Montgomery," &c., the
words "Tennessee and Alabama Central rail-
road."
The bill was ordered to a third reading;and wao
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOUSTON demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the voto
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
CONTESTED-ELECTION CASES.
Mr. WATSON asked unanimous consent to
introduce a resolution authorizing (he Committee
of Elections to contract for the purchase of two
thousand copies of a certain compilation of all the
cases of contested elections since 1831.
Mr. CRAIGE objected.
Mr. WATSON. I move to suspend tha rules.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MACE. I rise to a question of privilege
lam instructed by the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill making appropriations for tho service of
tho Post Office Department, for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1858, to submit the following
report:
The committee ef conference on the disagreeing votes of
