THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
" Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
TUESDAY, MARCH 3, 185".
New Series.....No. 62.-
pend the rules, to enable Mr. Watson to intro-
duce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Electionsbe authorized
to contract for the purchase of two thousand copies of a
* compilation of the eases of contested elections in the Senate
and House since J834, upon the general plan of compilation
published in that yeai bv M. St. Clair Clarke, to he unilbun
with that, woikin typographical execution and binding,and
to he published under the supervision of the Oleik of the
House, and to he furnished at a puce not exccedingtlie rate
of five dollais per copy for the number of pages in the said
compilation of M. St. Clair Claike; said copies to he de-
posited with tile Librarian of the House, subject to the
future order ot tile lluuse ; and the Cieik of Ibe [louse is
directed to pay lor tiie same out of the contingent fund of
the House.
Mr. QUITMAN. I would inquire whether
that resolution takes precedence of the call of
committees, which is the regular order of busi-
ness ? I believe the morning hour has not yet
expired. I desire to make a report from a com-
mittee, but have not yet had an opportunity to
do so.
. The SPEAKER. The floor is in possession
of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. WATSON. I insist upon ray motion to
suspend the rules.
Mr. LETCHER. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from New York who is to compile this
work ?
Mr. WATSON. The compilation will prob-
ably be made by the clerk of the committee.
Mr. LETCHER. The clerk of the committee ?
Mr. WATSON. Yes.
Mr. LETCIIER. Well, what is it proposed to
do with these two thousand copies that are to be
printed, and left subject to the future order of the
House ?
Mr. WATSON. They are to be kept for the
use of the Government. We feel such a compi-
lation necessary. There is a compilation up to
1834. Without it, it is difficult for the committee
to get at the different cases that have been adjudi-
cated. It is the unanimous judgment of the com-
mittee that such a compilation is necessary.
Mr. LETCHER. Who is the clerk of the
committee ?
Mr. WATSON. The present clerk of the com-
mittee is Mr. Weston. The present compilation
is a work of over one thousand pages.
Mr. LETCHER. And what compensation is
the clerk to receive?
Mr. WATSON. I have proposed no compen-
sation at all myself. There is none proposed in
the resolution.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would suggest to the
fentleman from Ohio that this resolution should
e sent to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WATSON. It is too late now to have it
sent to the Committee on Printing. I shall insist
on a vote on the motion to suspend the rules; and
I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Maxwell
and Bingham were anpomted.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes sixty-one, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
ETIOLOGY OP EPIDEMIC CHOLERA.
Mr. QUITMAN. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to report from the Committee
on Military Affairs a bill to aid the researches
into the causes and etiology of epidemic cholera.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do { under-
stand that the Committee on Military Affairs is
the first committee after the Committee of Ways
and Means ?
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Military
Affairs is not called.
The bill recites that at a meeting of the Amer-
ican Medical Association, held at Detroit on the
6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th of May last, a committee
was appointed on the etiology and pathology of
epidemic cholera; that the researches and investi-
gations of said committee are likely to result in
advantage to the military and naval service of the
country, and that the Government should con-
tribute a portion of the expenses; and therefore
62
it appropriates $30,000, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War, to be paid to
the chairman of said committee for the time being,
in such sums as the said Secretary shall, from
time to time, deem proper, not however to exceed
§12,000 in any one year.
Mr. QUITMAN. I have but a very few words
to say on the subject of this bill. I think that it
is very important'to the interests of the Army and
Navy, as well as for the interests of the whole
human family, that this bill should pass. The
American Medical Association has appointed a
committee to investigate the etiology and pathol-
ogy of epidemic cholera; and for the purpose
of this investigation, very delicate instruments
have to be constructed, practical researches made,
and expenses incurred. This committee was in-
structed to memorialize Congress for the purpose
of getting such aid as Congress might see fit to
afford. The memorial has received the favorable
consideration of the Department of War, and un-
doubtedly it would also receive the favorable con-
sideration of the Navy Department. I hope that
these few thousand dollars will be appropriated
for this important purpose—an object which will
promote the health of the Army and Navy.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for the reg-
ular order of business.
Mr. QUITMAN moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The. yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
90, nays OS; as follows:
\11YS—Messrs. Akers. Allen, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Henry ISeiinett, Menson, litllmsfhuist, Bingham, Bishop,
Bli^s, Bowie, Biooni, Buliintou, Rurlingame, James II.
Campbell, John I\ Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaifeo,
Clmgman, Colfiu, Coniins, Cumback, Damrell, Jacob C.
Davis, Denver, Dick, Dickson. Dodd, Dm lee, Elliott, Eth-
ei idire, Evans, Flagler, Florence, Galloway, Granger,
Italian, Jiartison, Haven, [Jeibert, Hodges, Ilollouay,
Thomas It. Hoiton. Valentine U. Hortou, tlmyai (1, Hughs-
ton, Kelly, Kcnnetr. Killer, Knapp, Knowlton, Kunkel,
Lake, I.eiter, MeCaily, Morgan, Molt, Murray, Came,
I'aiker, Peck, Penningion, Point, Pike, Uuiliiian, lleady,
Itieaud, Ritchie, Rabbins, Sali.il, Wap|>, Rcott, Sherman,
Sneed, Spinnei, Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan, Swope,
Trafton, Valk. Wade, Wakeinan, Walker. Cadwaladei O.
Washburnc, Eliilm B. Washbiuiie, Welch, Whitney, Wil-
liam.-, and Woodiuff— 9(1.
NAYS—Mi'ssi*. AlbiifSiit. Hendley S. Bennett, Bococic,
Urail-baw, Branch, lirenton, liurne'tt, Carlile, Caruthers,
Ca^-kie, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Covode, Oragin, Oiaige,
Crawloid, Day, Dowdeii, Lnnii^li, Thomas .1. D. Fuller,
Gai licit, Goode. Greenwood, Sampson W. Hams, Thomas
L 11,*>ji!-, ii<in--;mm, Jeuelt, Ueoi^e W. Jones, Kili^ht,
Knot, Letehei, Lumpkin, Mace, Humphrey Mauhnll,
KaniueiMarshall, McQueen, Killian Miller, Smith Mil-
ler, MilKon, Miliu aid, Moinson, Nichols, Norton, Andrew
Oliver, Peny, Powell, Pinigle, Puiviance, Ptnyear, 1:o1.1-
so'i, RufTin. Rust, Sandiuire, ril'oiter, Pamut 1 A. Smith,
William Smith, Talbolt, T,n lor, 'J'lioi injrron, Tliuiston,
Todd, Undeiwood, Vail, WaMion, Walkins, Wheeler,
Win-low, John V. Wiight, and ZollieofTei— f>s.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
KICK AND DISABLED SEAMEN.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, reported back, with a
recommendation that it do pass, a bill for the
relief of sick and disabled seamen.
The bill was read.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will state briefly
the reasons why the Committee of Ways and
Means have unanimously recommended the pas-
sage of this bill. It is reported m pursuance of
the recommendation of the present Secretary of
the Treasury, and also in pmsuance of the recom-
mendation of the Secretary of the Treasury during
the last Administration.
Under the present system, as was shown during
the debate on the subject at the last session of
Congress, it costs, at those points where the Gov-
ernment has built hospitals, on an average, in-
cluding the interest on the cost of construction,
twenty-four dollars per week for each disabled
seaman; while at those points where contracts
have been made for the care of those seamen, as
at New York and Baltimore, the cost litis not
been to exceed four dollars per week.
The Committee of Ways and Means have be-
come satisfied that at some of those hospitals the
most glaring system of corruption prevails. In
one instance, at least, the appointees of the Gov-
ernment having charge of these hosf>itals have
used the hospital stores, the wines and brandies,
for the purpose of entertaining evening parties.
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. What hospital is
that ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I am informed
from very high authority that there is an hospital
at Pittsburg where matters of this kind are car-
ried Oil.
This bill proposes to give the Secretary of the
Treasury discretion to make contracts where he
is satisfied the interest of those disabled seamen
and boatmen require it. It also further gives him
power to terminate such contracts whenever he
shall become satisfied that their interests require
it.
Mr. Speaker, with this statement, although
I might enlarge to almost any extent upon the
subject, and refer to statements and tables which
I have in my drawer, I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. HAVEN. I aslc the gentleman from Ohio
to withdraw the previous question for a moment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will withdraw
it to hear the gentleman from New York.
Mr. HAVEN. I desire the floor for no other
purpose than to say that this is a subject to which
I have given a good deal of attention ever since I
have been here. When I first came here I made
application for the construction of a marine hos-
pital in my own district; but I became very well
satisfied that the whole system was an improper
one, and I ceased to press my application, and
have uniformly voted against the construction of
marine hospitals. *
Now, the real truth in reference to this bill, as
I understand it, is, that it leaves the whole matter
in the discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
He need not exercise it, and undoubtedly will not,
unless, in his judgment, it is absolutely necessary
for the public good that it should be done. I have
forborne to press an application; and I thinlc.that
the public interest requires that this power should
be put into the hands of the Secretary of the
Treasury, that it may be discreetly and properly
used. The great city of New York has never had
a marine hospital. I think Philadelphia has none.
In my own city, I think the seamen are -taken
care of with entire satisfaction under the charge
of the collectors, at an expense not exceeding
two and a half or three dollars per week. My
own judgment is, that it is wise and discreet to
pass this bill; and in saying this, I do not wish
to be understood as saying anything against the
applications made for other localities. •
Mr. FULLER, of Maine. I think, in relation
to this matter, that the difficulty does not so much
arise from the present mode of managing these
hospitals as from the disposition heretofore on
the part of Congress to make appropriations for
the establishment of hospitals where they are not
needed. Tiiat is the trouble; and when the hos-
pital is built and the personnel provided, of course,
where there are very few seamen, the expense
foots up heavily. I have great respect for the
opinion of the Secretary of the Treasury. There
are many of these hospitals on the Ohio and Mis-
sissippi rivers where they are not needed.
Mr. CAMPP.RLL, of Ohio. There are some
in Maine where they are not needed. I call for
the previous question. 0
Mr. McCARTY. I hopemyfnend from Ofeio
will withdraw the call for the previous question
until I submit an amendment.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. Lot the amend-
ment be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
That the Secretary of the Ticasury be, and he is hereby,
authoiized and directed to purchase a suitable site in the
city of 0 we«o. m the State of New York, or m such place
in the immediate vicinity thereof as he shall deetn proper,
and to cause to lie erected thoreon, under his direction, a
marine hospital for the relief of sick and disabled seamen;
and for the purpose of erecting the same the sum of .$50,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
