978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, together with
teh percentum thereon to cover the compensation of archi-
tects, superintendents, advertising, and other contingen-
cies, and so much as may be required to purchase a suit-
able site for said building: Provided, That no money hereby
appropriated shall be used or applied for the purpose men-
tioned-until a valid title for the land for the site of such
baiiding shall be vested in the United States, and until the
State of New York shall also duly release and relinquish
-to'the United States the right to tax or in any way assess
'said site or property of the United States that may be there-
upon, during the time that the United States shall be, or
remain, the owner thereof.
Mr. McCARTY. This provides for a marine
hospital at Oswego, in the State of New York.
There is no hospital at any port on Lake Ontario;
and Oswego being a central port upon that lake, I
hope the amendment will be agreed to. The sub-
ject was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and they agreed to report a bill similar in ita pro-
visions to the amendment just read, together with
the memorial on the subject which was referred
to them, which shows the amount of tonnage and
the entire commerce of the lake, and which they
adopt as their report.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I must insist on
the call for the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The amendment makes an
appropriation, and would not be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the bill is a good
one; but it seems to me there ought to be a pro-
vision in it authorizing the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to have some kind of supervision over these
institutions at all other times than merely when
he gives'notice that he will take possession.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. lie has that al-
ready.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT demanded tellers 011 ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Green-
wood and Albright were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 83, noes 39.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tlrfc third time.
Mr. 11. MARSHALL. I demand the yeas
and nays upon the passage ot" the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 108, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Aiken, Alters, Albright, Allen, Allison,
Henry Bennett, Hendlcy S. Bennett, lienson, Bingham,
Bishop, Bliss, Bradshaw, Branch, Brenton, Bufiinton,
James II. Campbell, John P. Campbell, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Caskie, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Colfax, Comins, Ciagin,
Cumback, Dauirell, Henry Winter Davis. Jacob C. Davis,
Timothy Davis, Day, Dean, DeWitt, Dick, Dntld, Ethci-
idge, Florence, Foster, Henry M. Fuller, (lallowny, Gar-
llett, Granger, Harlan,Thomas L. Harris, tlaven, Herbert,
Hodges, ValentineB. Horton, Houston, Howard, Hughston,
George W. Jones, J. Glancy Jones, Kelly, Kel^ey, Kiniz,
Knapp, Knight, Knox, Letcher, Lniilley, Lumpkin, Killiaii
Miller, Smith Miller, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nich-
ols, Norton, Andrew Oliver, Orr, Packer, Parker, Peck,
Perry, Pettit, Pringh^Purviancc^'urycar, Kitclne, Robeits,
Sabin, Sapp, Scott, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam It. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stranahan,Talbott,Tay-
lor, Thorington, Thurston, Trai'ton, Tyson, Wade, Wake-
man, Walbndge, Cadwaiadei (J. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Welch, Whitney, Williams, Woodnilf, Daniel 13.
Wright, John V. Wright, and ZollicofFor—108.
NAYS — Messrs. Ball, Barbour, Biihnghuist, Boeock,
Bowie,Burnett, Cadwaladcr, Garble, Oarutheis, dawson,
Williamson71. W. Cobb,CulIen, Davidson, Denver, Dow-
dell, Dunn, Edmundson, P.Uiott, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode, Augustus Hall, J. Moruson
Harris, Sampson W. Harris, Harrison, Ilolhnan, flolloway,
Jewett, Knowlton, Lake, Letter, Mace, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, McCarty, MeMullin,
Morrison, Paine, Pennington, Powell, iteadv, Iticaud. Tiuf-
fin, Kust, Sandidge, Shorter, Sneed, Stewart. Todd, Un-
derwood, Valk, Walker, Warner, Elhhu B. Washburne,
Watkins, Wheeler, Winslow, and Woodworth—00.
So the bill was passed.
Pending the call—
Mr. TAYLOR said; I voted " no." I wish
to change m^vote, for the purpose of being able
to move a reconsideration. I wish to have the
floor to say something upon this subject.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
vote by which the bill was passed be reconsid-
ered; and also-moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act making a
grant of land to the Territory of Minnesota, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said Territory; and granting
public lands, in alternate sections, to the State of
Alabama, to aid in the construction of a certain
railroad in said State; when the Speaker signed
the same.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEE ON PRINTING.
Mr. NICHOLS. I believe I have the privilege
of making a report from the Committee on Print-
ing. I have been desirous for two or three days
to get an opportunity to get in the ordinary
reports, in regard to the current documents of the
House. I do not desire now to take up any more
time than is necessary to submit those reports,
leaving the time of the House to be devoted to
other business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will first call up his motion
to reconsider a vote ordering the printing of the
report of the Secretary of State on the commer-
cial relations of the United States with foreign
nations.
Mr. NICHOLS. The first report is upon a
resolution submitted by the Committee on Com-
merce to print a report from the State Department
in a particular manner. It is the report to which
the gentleman from Illinois refers; and I will state
to that gentleman the reason for my motion to
reconsider. The Senate has ordered the printing
of that document in a manner different from that
ordered by the House, and I cannot see the ne-
cessity of incurring a double expense of printing
a thing like this. I call up the motion to recon-
sider, and upon it I call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall move
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
I ask for the reading of the resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows: „
Resolved, That the report of the Secretary of State on
the commercial relations of the United Slates with foreign
nations, for the yeai ending the 30th of September, 1856,
be printed in quarto form, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of State, who is hereby authorized to cause all correc-
tions therein which, 111 the course of printing, may be found
lequi^ite to be made.
Mr. NICHOLS. I think I ean, by a single
statement, obviate all difficulty in the mind of the
gentleman from Illinois. The printing law now
gives to the Joint Committee 011 Printing of the
House and Senate the right to make a quarto
volume if, in their judgment, it be deemed neces-
sary. The Senate have not deemed it necessary
to make a quarto volume, and make additional
expense; and my motion to reconsider is founded
upon the action of the joint committee. If it be
necessary to make it a quarto volume, the gentle-
man from Illinois can trust the Joint Committee
on Printing. I call the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Ohio will withdraw the previous
question until I can make a statement to the
House, and then I will move to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not wish to take up the
time of the House unnecessarily, which ought to
be given to the consideration of other business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will oc-
cupy but a minute. This is an important matter,
and the House, I am sure, desires to understand \
it. The House will recollect that at the last ses- |
sion of Congress a resolution was adopted order- j
ing the printing of twenty thousand extra copies |
of this commercial digest. I think it is conceded
that it is one of the most valuable and important
works ever published by Congress. When the
work was sent in, the Secretary of State addressed
a letter to the chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, requesting that the printing might be done
under the direction of the Secretary of State for
obvious reasons. It was mostly figure work—
work made up of tables received from foreign con-
suls, of the changes in the various commercial
relations. The first volume has been printed |
under that direction;and I submit to every mem- !
ber of the House who has examined it, that it has
been done in a most creditable manner in every
respect.
Now another volume is sent in, and the Secre-
tary of State makes the same request, and I think
it is proper that we should comply with it. It
will cost nothing additional, add nothing to the
expense, and the resolution merely gives the Sec-
retary of State the supervision of the printing of
the work. I hope the House will follow the
recommendation of the Secretary of State; and
I move to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. NICHOLS. I merely wish to make one
remark in reply to the gentleman from Illinois.
In all my intercourse with the State Department
upon this question I have strangely misappre-
hended them, or he has misapprehended them. I
understand that this document is simply an an-
nual report, of which no extra copies are needed
at all, and are not asked for. I therefore object
to this expensive mode of printing. I insist on
the call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
The motion to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table was not agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to recon-
sider.
Mr. MORGAN. I wish some gentleman would
explain this matter, so that we can understand
what we are voting for. I do not know who is
right and who is wrong. I should like to have
some explanation of the matter.
Mr. LETCHER. If the statement of the
chairman of the Committee on Printing is not
satisfactory, I do not know what would be satis-
factory.
The SPEAKER. If the motion to reconsider
shall be carried, the question will be open to de-
bate.
Mr. SANDIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan,
and Miller of Indiana, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—•
ayes 76, noes 4G.
So the resolution was reconsidered.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as correctly enrolled an act (S.No.
502) to amend an act granting public lands in al-
ternate sections to the State of Alabama, to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in said State;
when the Speaker signed the same.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbcry Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed an act making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30,1858, with amendments; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
PRINTING OF COMMERCIAL STATISTICS.
The question recurred on agreeing to Mr.
Washburne's resolution.
Mr. NICHOLS moved the previous question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will explain the matter again, as some mem-
bers did not hear his statement.
Mr. NICHOLS. I withdraw the call for the
previous question, to make the simple explana-
tion which some gentleme'n have asked from me.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio to yield me the floor for a
moment.
Mr. NICHOLS. Yes, but not for an argu-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
interest in this matter more than any other gen-
tleman in the House has; but I merely wish gen-
tlemen to hear aletter read from the superintendent
of this commercial bureau.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not wish to have so
much time consumed in this matter as would be
necessary for the reading of that letter. I wish
to make an explanation which, I think, will ob-
viate the difficulty in the mind of the gentleman
from Illinois himself. The objection which I take
to this resolution is, that it relieves the public
printer of this House from the responsibility im-
posed upon him by the law; that it establishes a
new system in regard to this printing business,
and relieves the Departments from the operation
of the law regulating the printing.
The further point which I make is, that if it is
necessary to have this work done precisely as the
gentleman from Illinois wishes it to be done, it is
competent for the Joint Committee on Printing
of the two Houses to order it so to be done. But
I do protest against resolutions like this, which
hamper the discretion of the committees of this
House, and which—I know from the action of
the past—have largely increased this public print-
