1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
987
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THOMAS RHODES AND OTHERS.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole from the further consideration of four bills
reported from the Court of Claims, and favorably
reported upon, unanimously, by the Committee
of Claims of this House.
"Mr. GREENWOOD. 1 rise to a question of
order. I do not like'to be captious at all^but the
gentleman now moves to take up several cases
upon the Calendar out of their order.
The SPEAKER. If objection is made the
motion will not be entertained as to four bills.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I have a bill here which
I have endeavored for four years to get an oppor-
tunity to report. [Laughter.]
Mr. CRAIGE. I object to more than one
bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will confine my motion to
Court of Claims bill No. 14.
No objection being made, the Committee of the
Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of a bill (C. C. No. 14) for the
relief of Thomas Rhodes and Jeremiah Austill.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE,
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the bill making
appKpriations for the support of the Army for
the year ending the 30th of June; 1858; and that
the Senate had disagreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference upon the bill making appro-
priations to supply deficiencies m the appropria-
tions for the year ending 30th June, 1857; that
the Senate insist upon its amendments, and ask
for a further conference.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
•Mr. QUITMAN". I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. 1 am instructed to make a report from the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending 30th June, 1858.
The report of the committee was read, as fol-
lows:
The committee of conference on the disagreement of the
two Houses on the amendments to the bill of the House
(No. 616j making appropriations for the suppoit of the
Army, have met, and, after fall and free conference, have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to their re-
spective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their seventh, tenth, seven-
teenth* twenty-third, twenty-fifth, thirty-second, and for-
tieth amendments, disagreed to by the Hou-e.
That the House recede from their disagicement to, and
concur in, the first,second, thnd5 fouith, fifth, sixth, eighth,
ninth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth,
sixteenth, eighteenth, nmteenth, twentieth, twenty-fir t,
twenty-second, twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth, twenty-
ninth, thirty-first, thirty-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth,
thirty-eighth, and forty-first amendments.
That the House agree to the twenty-fourth amendment
of the Senate, with an amendment striking out the word
" captain" in the last line, and inserting " first lieutenant, 
That the House agree to the twenty-sixth amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment striking out all after the
enacting clause, and substituting therefor as follows: " That
master armorers at the national armories shall receive
$1,500 per annum."
That the House agree to the thirtieth amendment of the
Senate, with an amendment striking out the woid " thirty"
in the fifth line, and inserting the word " fifteen."
That the House agree to the thirty-sixth amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, by adding at the end
thereof as follows: " Provided, That the said Secretary shall
be first satisfied that the calling out of said mihtia was ne-
cessary and proper for the defense of the Territory."
That the House agree to the thirty-seventh amendment
of the Senate, with an amendment adding at the end thereof
as follows : " Provided, That such of those commissioners
as were officers in the Army, be not paid in both capaci-
ties." ,
That the House agree to the thirty-ninth amendment of
the Senate, with an amendment, stnking out the whole
amendment and substituting therefor as follows: " For
payment of the arrearages of salary due to the late clerk oi
the board of Army officers appointed under the act ot 3ist
August, 1852, at the time it was dissolved, $2,465."
J. J. CRITTENDEN,
CHARLES E. STUART,
JOHN B. WELLER,
Managers on the "part of the Senate.
J. A. QUITAIAN,
S. G. HAVEN,
ABRAM WAKEMAN,
Managers on the part of the Hawse.
The SPEAKER stated the question to be on
agreeing to the report of the committee of con-
fcrcncG
Mr. Q.XJITMAN. I have but a few words to
say to the House in explanation of the general
character of these amendments. It will be recol-
lected by the House that,in compliance with the
law, the Committee of Ways and Means was
obliged to report this appropriation bill within
thirty days of the commencement of the session,
and before the estimates for the support of the
Army were received. When the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means presented this
bill, he at the same time offered some twenty"
amendments to it, to constitute a part of it. The
business of the House then precluded him from
offering these amendments; and the consequence
was, that the original imperfect bill, prepared
before the estimates came in, was adopted by the
House, and, with some exceptions, these amend-
ments were put 011 it-by the Senate. Most of
them are amendments which had been agreed
on by the Committee of "Ways and Means of the
House. Another portion of them were measures
that had been before the Committee on Military
Affairs of the House, and were agreed on by that
committee. There are some exceptions. 1 make
this statement for the information of the House
as to the reason why this large number of amend-
ments were concurred in by the committee of
conference. I am ready to make any further ex-
planation that may be desired. I move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PRINGLE. I ask that the amendments
which the committee of conference recommends
the House to concur in be read.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would inquircofthochair-
man of the committee of conference whether he
wishes to have a vote taken on the whole of these
amendments at once r
Mr. CLU1TMAN. I propose, as the time is
very short, and as the bill has progressed thus
far, to have a vote taken 011 the report of the
committee.
Mr. ORR. That is the only way it can be
done.
The SPEAKER. It is an indivisible question,
and must be adopted or rejected in the whole.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. PRLNGLE. I think I have a right to have
the amendments read.
The SPEAKER. It is on the report of the
committee, and not 011 the amendments, that the
House acts.
Mr. CRAIGE. I rise to a question of order.
Theeommittee recommend to the House to concur
in certain amendments. How are we to know
what these amendments are, unless they be re-
ported from the Clerk's desk?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Craige] desire to have the
amendments read ?
Mr. CRAIGE. The reading was asked for by
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Prinoix.]
Mr. HAVEN. If it be desired by the House,
I think I can state, within five or ten minutes,
the entire matter in controversy.
Several Members. That is the best way.
Mr. STANTON. Is not this the same bill the
amendments to which were not read to the House
when the House passed upon them ?
Air. HAVEN. I do not recollect. These
amendments have not been read in the presence
of the House at all; and I suppose no man knows
anything about them.
Mr. CRAIGE. I would like to know how the
Speaker decides on the question of order which
I raise. I insist that the amendment should be
read; and I call on the Speaker to decide the point
of order one way or the other.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the amendments must be read, if demanded by
the House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to sus-
pend the rules, so as to dispense with the read-
i "g-l
Mr. CRAIGE. The amendments were not
read when tliey were passed on by the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion. We cannot get along without some sort
of explanation or examination.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. With the under-
standing that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Haven] will be heard in explanation of the re-
port, I withdraw the previous question.
Mr. HAVEN. The first, second, and third
amendments are increases in the amount of ap-
propriations. They are made necessary by the
passage of the Army bill increasing the pay and
comutation in lieu of rations. That is all in the
first three amendments.
The fourth amendment is:
For supplying the Army and lmlitia of the United States
witli books of tactical instruction and of rules and regula-
tions for their efficiency and discipline, $10,000.
There is no objection to that.
The fifth amendment is: **
That hereafter all the accounts and vouchers of the dis-
bursing officers, m the Quartermaster's Department of the
Armv shall be audited and settled by the Third Auditor of
the Treasury.-
This amendment is made necessary simply be-
cause a part of these accounts are now audited by
the Second Auditor, and the same vouchers have
to go from his office to the other. We thought
it best to have them all passed by the same Aud-
itor.
The sixth amendment need not be read. It
reduces the contingencies in our bill several thou-
sand dollars.
The seventh amendment is an appropriation of
some forty thousand dollars, which the Senate
put in for making an arsenal of construction at
feenicia, California. We agreed to have that
strickcn out..
The eighth amendment is to appropriate soma
seven thousand dollars for completing the arsenal
which we are building in this city, on the public
grounds.
The ninth amendment is for the continuance of
the construction of artesian wells.
The tenth amendment, which was put in by the
Senate, we have non-concurred in. It is a pro-
vision by winch a portion of the money now ex-
pended in distributing arms shall be hereafter
expended in distributing camp equipage, &c.
We thought it better not to introduce any new
mode of doing: that kind of business.
The eleventh amendment is for some work-
shops at the armory of Springfiold, Massachu-
setts.
The twelfth amendments for $7,827 for finish-
ing and furnishing arms to the militia of the Dis-
trict of Columbia. That explains itself.
The thirteenth amendment, which was for an
arsenal at Fayetteville, North Carolina, we con-
curred in. It was recommended by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, but under the circum-
stances the committee could not put it on the bill.
The fourteenth amendment is for a bridge over
Mill creek, at Old Point Comfort, and makes an
appropriation of #800. It is a Government work.
The fifteenth amendment is for rebuilding the
barracks at Carlisle, Pennsylvania, which were
destroyed by fire last year. It appropriates
$2,500.
The sixteenth amendment is for the purchase
of stoves for the quarters of the officers and sol-
diers of the Army, and makes an appropriation
of $20,000.
The eighteenth amendment makes an appro-
priation of $6,607 29, to settle the accounts of
three officers who went to Europe in 1855 to col-
lect information on military afi'aiis.
The twenty-first and twenty-second amend-
ments are for finishing some military roads in the
neighborhood of Lake Superior, which have been
appropriated for on three several occasions. One
appropriates about $14,000, and the other about
$4,000.
In the twenty-fourth amendment we struck out
most that was material. We left in, however,
a provision authorizing the appointment of five
additional military store-keepers, but we struck
down the fuel and quarters allowed them from
that of captain to that of first lieutenant.
In the twenty-sixth amendment we struck out
all except the enacting clause, and inserted a pro-
vision that the master armorers at the national
armories shall receive a salary oi ^1,500 per
annum. , , _
The twenty-seventh amendment giyos the Sec-
retary of War the power to sell military sites*
whenever they shall become useless to the Gov-
ernment, and he shall think proper to sell them.
The twenty-eighth amendment is to pay for
