THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
volunteers called out by General Garland during'
thfe Mexican war.
The twenty-ninth amendment authorizes the
Use of certain money which had been heretofore
appropriated for the repairing of certain roads in
Minnesota.
■ In the thirtieth amendment the Senate had made
mi appropriation of $30,000 in addition to $5,000
which had been heretofore appropriated for the
construction of roads in the northern portion of
the Territory of Minnesota. We cut the sum
down to 5,000, and then concurred in the amend-
ment as amended.
The^hirty-first amendment is as follows:
Sec. 9. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the words " non-
commissioned officers, musicians, and privates,"in the first
section of an act entitled " An act 10 increase the pay of the
rank and file of the Army, and to encourage enlistments,"
appioved August 4,1854, shall be construed to include all
enlisted men of the Army of the United States.
This was made necessary in consequenec of
the construction of the existing law which had
been given by the Department.
The thirty-third amendment is for the payment
of some Arkansas volunteers, which were called
out to suppress Indian hostilities about 1850. It
appropriates about $1,200.
By the thirty-fourth amendment, the Secretary
of War is to abolish the military asylum at Har-
rodsburg, Kentucky, and to sell the site and
property belonging to it. The reason for this
provision is, that the asylum was burned down
last year, and it was thought best not to rebuild
it. It costs the Government now $500 a year to
take care of the property, and it was therefore
thought best to sell it, and allow the proceeds to
go into the military asylum fund.
The thirty-fifth amendment is for the payment
of the Florida volunteers called out for the sup-
pression of Indian hostilities in 1849; and pro-
vides that it shall be satisfactorily shown that the
money claimed was actually allowed and paid by
the State of Florida.
The thirty-sixth amendment appropriates
$25,000 for paying the expenses of the militia
called out in New Mexico by Governor Mossorvy
in 1854, for the suppression of Indian hostilities.
We agreed to this amendment with a provision
that the Secretary of War shall be first satisfied
that the calling out of these militia was necessary
and proper.
"The thirty-seventh amendment provides for
the payment of the commissioners who were sent
out to Oregon and Washington to ascertain the
amount of claim? for which the Government was
bound to pay on account of the Indian wars there.
Wc amended the amendment by striking out the
provision for paying the Army officers who were
seut, on the ground that they already receive a
regular salary.
The thirty-eighth amendment is as follows:
BeC. 16. *ind be it further enacted, That for the purpose
of carrying into effect tlio joint resolution entitled " Joint
resolution directing the payment of certain volunteers and
militia, under the limitations therein prescribed," approved
August 8,1840, so much money as will be sufficient to pay
said volunteers who have been paid, not exceeding §4,000.
The thirty-eighth amendment of the Senate is
as follows:
For tile payment of claims favorably reported upon by
the board of Army officers, appointed under the sixth sec-
tion of the act approved August 31,1852, in its report to
Congress dated December 5, 1854, $8,129 40^.
For the compensation of the members of the board for
and during then term of two years and seven months'
service as such, at the rate of $1,500 each per annum,
{$11,635.
For payment of arrearages of salary due to the late clerk
to the hoard at the time it was dissolved, $-2,465.
We struck out the provision for paying the
claims, and also that for the payment of the board
of Army officers, and simply allowed the clause
to remain for the payment of the arrearages of
the salary of the clerk. The forty-first amend-
ment is substantially the joint resolution which
passed this House during the present session, in
reference to the pay of lieutenant general.
These are, in brief, substantially the amend-
ments in reference to which the committee rec-
ommend that the House shall concur; and I pre-
sume the House will understand them better than
if they had been read at large.
I am inquired of whether there is any provision
in this bill for the payment of the militia who
were called out in Oregon during the last year.
There is nothing of ths kind in the bill.
Mr. FAULKNER made an inquiry not heard
by the reporter.
Mr. HAVEN. We agreed to pay the master
armorers $1,500 per annum, and struck out all
about the clerks.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. ClUITMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MOSES NOBLE AND OTHERS.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the following bills from the Court of
Claims:
A bill (No. 12) for the relief of Moses Noble;
A bill (No. 14) for the relief of Thomas Rhodes
and Jeremiah Anstill; and
A bill (No. 29) for the relief of Collier H.
Minge, Philip S. Ellicott, and Lucretia A. Bro-
die, administratrix of Charles Brodie.
There was no objection; and the bills were sev-
erally ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time; and being engrossed, they were accordingly
read the third time and passed.
MARK AND RICHARD H. BEAN.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House that the Committee of the
Whole House be discharged from the further
consideration of House bill (No. 454) for the re-
lief of Mark Bean and Richard II. Bean, of Ark-
ansas.
There was no objection, and the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. GREENWOOD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table; winch latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved that the
House insist on its disagreement to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the deficiency bill, and
agree to the committee of conference asked for by
the Senate.
The motion was agreed to; and
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Pringle,
Cadwalader, and Harris of Maryland, as
managers of said conference on the part of the
House.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT PERTH AMBOY.
Mr. BISHOP. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to discharge the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union from the further
consideration of House bill (No. 293) to construct
a building for a custom-house and post office at
Perth Amboy, New Jersey.
There being no objection, the Committee of
the Whole House was discharged from the further
consideration of the bill, and it was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. McMULLIN. I would like to hear why
this bill should pass.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can inform
.the gentleman. The bill is in pursuance of the
recommendation of the Secretary of the Treasury,
and now reported by the Committee on Com-
merce of this House. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. McMULLIN. Has this bill been consid-
ered in the Committee of the Whole?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It contains an ap-
propriation, and must be first considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The bill has been received
by unanimous consent, which waives that ques-
tion.
Mr. McMULLIN. The Committee of the
Whole has not been discharged.
The SPEAKER. It has been discharged by
unanimous conscnt.
The' bill was passed.
Mr. BISHOP moved that the vote by which ;
.the bill was passed be reconsidered > and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table; which latter motion was agreed to.
HALF PAY TO "WIDOWS AND ORPHANS.
Mr. READY. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report a joint resolution, and
that it may be 'considered at this time. It is a
joint resolution explanatory of the act of 3d Feb-
ruary, 1853, to continue half pay to certain
widows and orphans.
Mr. LETCHER. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Tennessee. If I under-
stand this proposition, it is the same one which
was presented the other day" in connection with
the bill reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means, to carry out the construction of the Court
of Claims.
Mr. READY. It is in conformity to the deci 
sion of the Court of Claims.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I object to it. __
Mr. READY. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson
and Pettit were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes sixty-two, noes not counted.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. MACE. I ask that the Senate amend-
ment to the post route bill may now be taken up
and considered.
No objection being made, the amendments of
the Senate, establishing several new routes, were
taken up and read. %
Mr. MACE moved the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the amendments were agreed to.
SECURITY OF LIFE ON STEAM VESSELS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Commerce to ask
to take up a bill to amend the law for the better
secunty of lives of passengers on board of ves-
sels piopellej in whole or in part by steam. The
amendments are very important to be made for
the public good.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of llli nois. I move to
suspend the rules so that the bill may be consid-
ered.
Mr. STANTON. I would inquire how many
pages are there of the bill ?
The SPEAKER. Seventeen pages.
Tellers were called, and ordered; and Messrs.
Clarke, of New York, and Buffinton were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-six, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled joint reso-
lutions arid bills of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution to return to the land office at
Vincennes, Indiana, certain deeds transmitted to
the General Land Office by the board of commis-
sioners appointed under the act to ascertain and
adjust titles to certain lands in the State of Indi-
ana, approved July 22, 1854;
Resolution allowing Commander H. J. Hart-
stene, of the United States Navy, &c., to accept
certain tokens of acknowledgment from the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain;
An act fur the relief of Joseph Graham;
A.n act to divide the State of Missouri into two
judicial districts;
An act for the relief of Captain Alexander
Montgomery, assistant quartermaster of the Uni-
ted States Army;
An act for the relief of James B. Johnson; and
An act for the relief of Martin Penwick.
LOUISVILLE AND PORTLAND CANAL.
Mr. H. MARSHALL asked the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union from the
further consideration of a bill to enlarge and im-
prove the Louisville and Portland canal.
Mr. SHORTER objected.
