1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
989
Mr. H. MARSHALL moved to suspend the
rules, and called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Faulkner
and McCarty were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-six, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
EZRA KNAPP.
Mr. WAKEMAN asked unanimous consent
to move to discharge the Committee of the Whole
House from the further consideration of a bill for
the relief of Ezra Knapp.
Mr. McMULLIN objected.
Mr. WAKEMAN moved to suspend the rules,
and called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Peck and
Tho ring ton were appointed.
The House divided; :uid the tellers reported—
ayes twenty, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
EFFICIENCY OF THE ARMY.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to permit me to report from the
Committee on Military Affairs a bill (S. No. 124)
to increase the efficiency of the United States
Army.
Mr. MARSHALL objected.
Mr. FAULKNER moved to suspend the rules,
and called for tellers.
He subsequently withdrew the call for tellers;
and the rules were not suspended.
, TITLES TO LOTS IN MILWAUKIE.
Mr. WELLS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up House bill (No. 555) to
confirm to Charles Waterman his title to certain
lots in Milwaukie, Wisconsin. I have sought
the floor for four years to get up this bill, to which
I presume there is no sort of objection. It has
been previously objected to by mistake. I ask
now that it be taken up, and considered at this
time.
There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
GEORGE P. MARSH.
Mr. MORRILL asked the unanimous consent
of the House to take from the Speaker's table the
bill of the Senate (No. J 43) for the relief of George
P. Marsh.
Mr. LETCHER objected.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to suspend the rules,
and if the House will allow me to explain the
bill, I do not believe any one will object. [Cries
of " Order!"]
Mr. LETCHER. I ask for tellers upon the
motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris, of
Alabama, and Dcrff.e were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 93, noes 48.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds not
voting therefor.)
PUNISHMENT OF CERTAIN CRIMES.
Mr. CASKIE. I do not now ask the House
to appropriate money, but to make provision
for punishing crime. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill
(No. 474) in addition to an act more effectually
to provide for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, and for other purposes.
Mr. SEWARD. That is a penal code got up
at the end of tne session, and I object.
Mr. CASKIE. I move that the rules be sus-
pended for the purpose I have indicated.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BOCOCK. I rise to a privileged question.
I am directed by the committee of conference to
make a report on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the Navy appropriation-bill.
The report was read.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Speaker, if the gentlemen
of the House will indulge me for a short time, I
■will briefly explain the various amendments which
have been agreed to by the House, the amend-
ments which have been receded from by the Sen-
ate, and the amendments to the Senate amend-
ments. The first amendment of the Senate has
two provisions. The first provision is to au-
thorize the Secretary of the Navy to enlist ten
thousand seamen, instead of seven thousand five
hundred, as he is now authorized by law. The
committees of the two Houses, considering that
subject, have agreed to recommend that that
amendment of the Senate be concurred in, with
this amendment: that, instead of authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to enlist ten thousand men,
he shall be authorized to enlist eight thousand
five hundred. The reason it became necessary
at this time to authorize the(f3ecretary of the
Navy to enlist a larger number-of seamen than
usual is, that, some year or two ago, we author-*
ized the construction of six steam frigates. Under
the contracts made by the Secretary of the Navy
with various contractors to make the steam ma-
chinery, it was agreed that before the money
should be paid for that machinery, each vessel
should have a six months' trial. All these ves-
sels are now ready, or nearly ready. It will be
necessary to send them to sea on theirsix months'
trial. It requires some six hundred men to man
each vessel. Therefore, to have the seamen re-
quisite for different squadrons, and to enable the
Secretary of the Navy to have seamen to man
these frigates, it was necessary to increase the
number of our seamen. We thought ten thou-
sand too many, and we have reduced the number
to eight thousand five hundred. In order to allow
the Secretary to enlist ten thousand seamen the
Senate increased the appropriation of the House.
When we reduced the number of seamen from ten
thousand to eight thousand five hundred, we also
proportionately reduced the appropriation. From
four million dollarsand odd we reduced it to three
million dollars and odd.
Mr. LETCHER. Is that eight thousand five
hundred men in addition to the present force of
the Navy ?
Mr. BOCOCK. It is not. The present force
is seven thousand five hundred men, and we have
only agreed to an increase of one thousand men.
The second amendment authorizes those offi-
cers in the La Plata expedition who served in
grades higher than their rank, to receive tho pay
of those higher grades. We objected to that
amendment, and the Senate receded from it.
The third amendment of the Senate is to strike
out, on page 2, line twenty-four, thp word "sixty,"
and in lieu thereof to insert " eighty." This is
in that part of the bill which makes provision for
the payment of the marines. Accouling to the
law as it* now stands, the pay of the marines is
modeled on the pay of the infantry of the Army.
Gentlemen will remember that some time ago an
act was passed increasing the pay of the officers
of the Army; therefore, by the law as it now
stands, the pay of the officers of the marines was
increased. The amendment of the Senate only
increases the appropriation to provide for that
increase of pay.
The fourth amendment, which was to author-
ize the Secretary of the Navy to arm and man the
ordnance ship Plymouth, with a view to tho im-
provement of ordnance and gunnery practice, the
committee on the part of the House concurred in.
This was agreed to by the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House, and we concurred in it
in the conference.
The 3ixth amendment is merely verbal, and
needs no explanation.
The seventh amendment was for the construc-
tion of a sewer upon Flushing avenue, to Vander-
bilt avenue, thence through the United States
grounds to tho Wallabout water, in the city of
Brooklyn, and appropriates $60,000 therefor, pro-
vided the City of Brooklyn would pay one half
the cost of the same on Flushing avenue. I un-
derstand the Committee of Ways and Means of
the House also agreed to this amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. Not unanimously.
Mr. BOCOCK. It appeared to the committee
of conference that in "the city of Brooklyn a sewer
had been laid down in the direction of the Gov-
ernment grounds. The Government of the United
States have been lately building up some of the
grounds, confirming them, and erecting some new
buildings, thus strengthening the grounds so that
the water of the sewer was not permitted to go
off in the manner in which it has heretofore
gone. It therefore became necessary, in conse-
quence of the earth becoming consolidated, to
lengthen this sewer and run it some distance
along Flushing avenue and across the Govern-
ment ground into its former outlet—Wallabout
water.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would ask the
gentleman if this sewer extends to the Govern-
ment grounds ?
Mr. BOCOCK. It commences in the city of
Brooklyn, and extends through the city until it
strikes the Government grounds. It formerly
went off upon the Government grounds, which,
being spongy and soft, absorbed the contents of
the sewer, and thence into Wallabout water.
But the ground becoming hard by improvement,
it is found necessary to extend the sewer through
the Government grounds into its former«outlet.
It is provided by this amendment, that the Gov-
ernment of the United States shall appropriate
$60,000 for the extension of this sewer thus made
necessary, provided the city of Brooklyn pay one
half of the cost of extending it along the joint
grounds of the Government and the city.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Will $100,000 build
it ?
Mr. BOCOCK. Tho Secretary of the Navy
says that $60,000 will be sufficient. That is the
source of my information. We concurred in that
amendment.
The next amendment increased the pay of the
clerks in the Washington and other navy-yards.
We objected to it, and the Senate receded.
The next amendment is on page 6, line thirteen,
after the word " wharf" insert " mooring piers,"
and strikeout" $362,308" and insert" $39!),808."
This increases the appropriation $36,500. This
is for the California dock. When this dock was
authorized to be constructed, n clause was inserted
in the act authorizing the commandant upon that
station to lease out tho dock to any man who
would take it and take care of it, provided he
would dock the Government vessels. That con-
tract is at an end. While it was in force the con-
tractor furnished moot ing piers for himself. Now
that the contract of leasing is at an end, the Gov-
ernment has to take care of the dock, and the
Government must erect its own mooring piers.
We concurred m that amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ask my friend if
the title to that property has been settled ? What
is the condition of the title to that portion of the
land on which this dock is erected?
Mr. BOCOCK. No question was raised before
the committee of conference upon that subject;
but it comes to my recollection now, that about
six months ago the. Government acquired a clear
title to that part of the ground which was in dis-
pute. At any rate nothing was said about dis-
puted title to this dock in the committee at this
time. I do not see how this question about dis-
puted title can arise in reference to this matter.
No question was raised before us, or before the
Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. If it be true that the title is
unsettled, or if it be true that we are likely to
lose the title to any portion of this ground, or the
water lots upon which the dock is being erected,
it seems to me that this appropriation would, in
that event, be premature, and hence I asked the
question of my friend. I have not examined into
this question lately, but one or two years ago
there were serious difficulties about this title.
Mr. BOCOCK. My impression is that the
question of title has been quieted.
Mr. DENVER. In reference to the title of the
land on which this dock is situated, I have to say
that there is an agreement between the claimants
of the land and the Government, by which, if the
courts decide that the land is not Government
land, but belongs to private individuals, the Gov-
ernment is to pay a certain amount of money
for it. It has not yet been decided by the court.
Mr. LETCHER. That is the same question
which was presented to the Committee of Ways
and Means by a recommendation for §30,000 for
the defense of suits growing out of disputed titles
in California.
Mr. BOCOCK. That appropriation was called
for by the Secretary of War and Secretary of the
Treasury, and not by the Secretary of the Navy,
in reference to property in dispute occupied as
a marine hospital, and had no reference to this
dock. . . ,
At any rate I submit this view. We have ap-
propriated a million and a half of dollars fortius
dock. It is there, and upon our hands, and we
