990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
lave need for it every day; and shall we, upon
the suggestion of some dispute of title, refuse to
appropriate $37,500, and throw away the use of
-the f1,500,000 we have already appropriated on
that account?—for the dock cannot be used with-
outtjie mooringpiers. -Butthe suggestion I have
^ust made I understand to bea fact, and that there
is no dispute about the dock, but only about the
site of the marine hospital.
- Mr. STANTON. I wish to know how much
"More will be required to finish it?
Mr. BOCOCK. The dock has been finished.
At the time it was finished the Government leased
it out, and made it part of the contract that the
contractor should have his own mooring piers.
The contract is at an end, the Government has
taken the dock, and has to build its own mooring
piers. The House committee agreed to that.
The next amendment is for preparing for pub-
lication the surveys of the late exploration to the
North Pacific ocean and Behring's Straits, and to
finish the publication of the charts, &c. The
work has been done. The publication of the
charts has been commenced; and the appropria-
tion is to carry out and complete the publication
■of the charts of the exploration. It is not to print
them, but merely to finish the drawings, so that
they may be used by the officers of the Navy.
The amount is only $6,700; and there is a pro-
vision that the whole expense shall not exceed
the sum appropriated.
The next amendment is for the reappropriation
of the small sum of $200, and for paying the
amount to Thomas Barnum, of California. The
House committee agreed to it. It appears that
some time ago an appropriation was made for
prize money, and this $200 belonged to Thomas
Barnum. He did not come to claim it for two
years, and the money went back to the Treasury.
-This makes a reappropriation.
The next is an appropriation for Milton Clark,
of Memphis navy-yard. The House committee
rejected it, and the Senate committee receded.
The next appropriates §10,000 to enable the
Secretary of the Navy to test inventions and dis-
coveries. This is the continuation of a policy
which has long existed, and which seems to he
very useful. There are constantly brought to the
attention of the committees of the House and
Senate inventions in machinery for propelling
vessels, in guns, and all that sort of thing. The
committees of the House and Senate do not feel
themselves competent to judge of these things.
In order to enable the Navy Department to test
these inventions, to see whether or not it would
be proper to adopt them, some little experiments
have to be made, and this appropriation of $10,000
•is made for the purpose. The House committtee
has agreed to this amendment.
The next amendment is that m the compilation
and publication of the Nautical Almanac. Any
•officer of the Navy, including professors of math-
- ematics, may be employed at the discretion of
the Secretary. Some time ago, an act was passed
declaring that the Secretary should not be author-
ized to employ any person on the Nautical Alma-
nac under the grade of lieutenants in the Navy.
There was a gentleman, Lieutenant Davis, a man
of a great deal of scicntific knowledge, who Iras
been for some years employed on it. He has
been ordered to other duty; and the next most
skillful man available for that service — m the
opinion of the Secretary of the Navy—is a pro-
fessor of mathematics. It is to authorize the
Secretary to employ this professor of mathemat-
ics, or any other officer of the Navy whom he
thinks proper for_the carrying on of the work;
but there is a provision that whoever is employed
in the work shall receive none other than his
regular salary. The House committee concurred
in the amendment.
The next provision is, that the act making ap-
propriations for the naval service, approved 5th
August, 1854, and 3d March, 1855, shall be so
construed as to allow the boatswains, gunners,
coopers, and sailmakers of the Navy, the same
pay for land service as they receive for sea service.
Some years ago, the Congress of the United States
ordered the payment to these officers of an addi-
tional percentage for sea service which they had
theretofore performed. A good many of them
are employed on important shore duty; and this
amendment is to allow them the same increase
for shore duty as is allowed for sea service.
The next is the amendmentof the Senate author-
izing the construction of ten sloops-of-war. The
Senate put in an amendment to the naval appro-
priation bill'to authorize the construction of ten
sloops-of-war. The House committee and the
Senate committee, after conference, agree to strike
out the word "ten,"and insert the word "five,"
so as to authorize the construction at present of
five sloops-of-war; and having reduced the num-
ber of vessels of war from ten to five, it became
proper to reduce the appropriation one half. The
Senate amendm^pt appropriated $2,000,000, and
we have agreed to reduce it to $1,000,000. The
'two Houses agreed on that amendment.
The next amendment was that midshipmen,
engineers, surgeons, &c., who are entitled to ex-
amination, and who happen to be absent at the
time that they may claim examination, may, when
they come back, if they appear within sixty days
and stand examination, have the same rank and
pay as if they had been at home, and examined
at the time they were entitled to examination.
This amendment does not seem to be particularly
objectionable to the House committee, yet we see
no particular necessity for it; and, objecting, the
Senate committee receded.
The next amendment is to authorize the sale,
at public auction, of the wharf and naval asylum
at Philadelphia, and a plot of ground cut off from
the asylum by Shippen street. This proposition
is to sell Government property, and to pay the
money into the Treasury. Our friends will hardly
object fo this, especially when the gentlemen from
Philadelphia have nothing to say against it. To
this amendment of the Senate the House com-
mittee agree.
The next amendment is, that the Secretary of
the Navy be authorized to prepare a code of reg-
ulations, and submit it to the next Congress of the
United States. No appropriation is made. We
know that a new code of regulations is very much
needed, and the next Congress of the United
States will have full power to act on the report of
the Secretary as it may deem proper. To this
amendment of the Senate the House committee
(seeing no objection) agreed.
The next amendment of the Senate is to in-
crease the number of pursers stationed at each
of the navy-yards at Boston, New York, and
Norfolk. The House committee objected, and
the Senate committee receded.
The next amendment appropriates §71,000 to
pay the dropped officers of the Navy. In the bill
which passed the other day a clause was inserted
declaring that every dropped officer of the Navy
who should not be restored should be entitled to
receive one year's service pay. This is a pro-
vision to give to each dropped officer of the Navy,
whether restored ornot, at present, the one year's
service pay. No harm can result from it. If not
restored by the action of the court of inquiry re-
cently authorized, they will be entitled to this one
year's seivice pay; and if they be restored, they
will be entitled to a greater salary, and there is a
provision here made that this one year's service
pay shall in that case be deducted from the greater
salary. In this amendment the House committee
concurred.
The next amendment is that the Secretary of
the Navy cause an exploration of the river Niger,
in Africa, to be made by some competent officer
of the Navy. This seems to be a new sort of
legislation. The House committee objected,and
the Senate committee receded.
The next is to complete the explorations of the
Paraguay and Parana. As that work has been
commenced, and as the appropriation is a small
one, the Senate committee insisting, the House
committee concurred.
The next amendment of the Senate is in these
words:
Skc.. 13. Jlnd he it farther enactcd, That the Secretaries
of War and of the Navy be authorized, under the direction
of the President, to employ such officers of the Army and
the Navy as may be necessary for the purpose of making
exploration and verification of the surveys already made
of a ship canal near the Isthmus of Darien, to connect the
waters of the Pacific and the Atlantic by the Atrato and Tu-
rando rivers: Provided, That the expense shall not cxeeed
$25,000, which are hereby appropi Lated tlicicfor out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appiopnated.
The facts of this case seem to be these: The
Government of Granada has given to a company
of Americans the right to explore and build a
ship canal, if practicable, through the Isthmus of
Darien. They have made their survey. They
believe a ship canal to be practicable; but they
have come to the conclusion that capitalists will
notinvest on their exploration unless it is indorsed
by competent officers of the Government of the
United States. They merely ask that their ex-
plorations shall be tested by officers of the Army
and Navy, and that $25,000 shall be appropriated
therefor. The committee recommended a con-
currence in that amendment.
The next amendment is as follows:
Sec. 14. -2iid be it further enacted, That for preparing,
arranging, classifying, and labehngthe specimens of natural
history brought home by the North Pacific exploring and
surveying expedition, and for repotting the same to Con-
gress, with the appropriate drawings and catalogues, the
sum of $15,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
subject to tiie control of the Secretary of the Navy.
These specimens have been brought home by
that exploring expedition, and this appropriation
is merely for the purpose of their preservation.
The committee recommend a concurrence.
The next and last amendment of the Senate is
the one relating to the officers of the navy of the
late Republic of Texas. I will make a brief ex-
planation of it. After the annexation of Texas
to the United States, those men who had been
officers of the navy of Texas claimed that by
the terms of the annexation they were entitled to
claim the same position in the American Navy;
that a captain or lieutenant of the Texan navy
was entitled to be a captain or lieutenant in the
American Navy. Against this claim the officers
of the American Navy raised the strongest kind
of objection. They said that men who were mid-
shipmen here and resigned to go into the Texan
navy and were immediately elevated to the rank
of captain or lieutenant, would take rank ahead
of those who had been their seniors when they
were m the American Navy. The claim has been
controverted for a long time. Efforts have been
made year after year by the officers of the Texan
navy to accomplish their purpose. Some few
years ago, finding that they had held on for a 16ng
while without effect, they agreed, if we would pay
them twelve years of leave-of-absence pay, to
abandon their claim to position in the American
t Navy. The Senate amendment agrees to pay
: them five years lcave-of-absenco pay attaching to
I their respective ranks, in full for ail claim on their
! part to the position they allege they are entitled
| to. That, at least, was the intention of the Sen-
i ate amendment. Thinking that that was not se-
; cured by the Senate amendment, the committees
i of the two Houses made it clear by an amend-
| ment to the amendment of the Senate. It gives
I these Texan officers five years lenve-of-absenre
| pay attached to their respective ranks, with this
proviso:
Provided, That the acceptance of the provisions of this
act by any of the said officers bhail be a full relinquishment
and lenunciation of all claim, on his pait, to any further
compensation m hw behalf from the United States Govern-
ment, and to any position in the Navy of the United States.
This was considered by the House committee
as a fair and judicious settlement of along-pend-
ing controversy between the Navy of the United
States and the navy of Texas. Having ex-
plained the report of the committee of conference,
I call for the previous question.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bilk, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled, an act to confirm to the several
States the swamp and overflowed lands selected
under the act of September 28, 1850, and the act
of March 2, 1849; when the Speaker signed the
same.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STANTON. I ask for the yeas and naya
upon the adoption of the report of the committee
of conference.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 90, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allen, Ilendloy S. Bennett, Benson,
Bishop, Bocock. Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Broom, Builm-
game, Cadvvalader, Ijevvis D. Campbell, Caruthers, Chaf-
fee, Bayard Claike, Ezra Clark, Clawson. Comms, Covode,
Cullen, Davidson,' IJenry Winter Davis, Timothy Davis,
Denver, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, Eustis. Evans, Faulkner,
Florence, Henry M. Puller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Goode,
Greenwood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Sampson
W. Harris, Thomas L. Hams, Harrison, Herbert, Thomas
