1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
K. Horton, Valentine B. Horton, Howard, Jewett, Keitt,
Kelly, King, Knapp, Kunkel, Lake, Leiter, Samuel S.
Marshall, Maxwell, KiUian Miller, Smith Miller, Millson,
Millward, Moore, Packer, Paine, Peck, Pelton, Purvianee,
Puryear, Ricaud, Ritchie, ltobbms, Roberts, Ruffin. Sage,
Sandidge, Sewaid, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Wil-
liam R. Smith, Stewart, Stranalian, Talbott, Todd, Tyson,
Walker, Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Winslow,
Wood, Woodruff, and Daniel B. Wright—90.
NAYS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour,
Bingham, Bliss, Brad^haw, Buftmton, Burnett, Oarlile,
Caskie, Colfax, Cragin, Craige,Cumback, Dean, Dickson,
Dodd, Emne. Flagler, Galloway, Gamett, Harlan, Haven,
Ilodgts, Hoffman, Holloway, Jlouaton, George W. Jones,
Kelsey, Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Letcher, Lmdley,
Lumpkin, Mace, Humphrey Marshall. MeCarty, MeMullin,
McQueen, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, An-
dreV Oliver, Paiker, Perry, Petut, Pike, Powell, Pringle,
Sapp, Scott, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Tappan, Taylor,
Thorington, Tral'ton, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron, Cad-
waldder C. Wa&hbume, Ellihu Ti. Washburne, Isiael
Washburn, Watson, Wheeler, Woodworth, and Zollicoffer
—73.
So the report was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table; which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. NORTON stated that he had paired off
with his colleague, Mr. Morrison, for the night.
PUNISHMENT OF CERTAIN CRIMES—AGAIN.
Mr. CASKIE. I now move to suspend the
rules forthe purpose of taking from the Speaker's
table the bill of the Senate in addition to an act
more effectually to provide for the punishment of
certain crimes against the United States, and for
other purposes; and I ask for tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Brajtcii
and Wood were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes seventy-three.
Mr. CASKIE demanded the yeas and nays;
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ball and
Kennett were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 31, noes G6.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (one fifth
of those present voting therefor.)
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
114, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Akers, Albright, Allen, Allison, Ball,
Hendley S.Bennett, Benson, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Broom, Btihinton, Burhnsrame, James II.
Campbell, Caskie, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Colfax, Covode, Cragm, Cumback, Henry Winter
Davis, Denver, Dickson, I)odd, Dowdell, JJurU'c, Edte,
Emne, Eu^tis, Evans, Flaglei, Florence, Henry M. Fullci,
Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, llailan. Sampson W.
Harris, Thomas L. Han is, Harrison, Haven, Herbert,
Hodges, Holloway, Valentine B. Ilorton, Houston, How-
ard, llughston, Jewett, George W. Jonee, J. Glancy Jones,
Keitt, Kelly, Kennett, King, Knapp, Knight, Knox. Kunkel,
Lake, Leiter, Lindley, Lumpkm, Alexander K. Marshall,
Samuel S. Marshall, Maxwell, MeMullin, McQueen, lul-
lian Miller,Millson, Moore, Andrew Oliver, Packer. Paine,
Parker, Peek, Pelton, Pettit. Pike, Puryear, Ricaud, Ritchie,
Bobbins, Roberts, Ruffin, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage, Seott,
Seward, Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Stranahan,
Svvope, Tappan, Tayloi,Thormgton, Tiafton, Tys>on,Cad-
waladerC. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Whitney, Williams, Wood, Woodruff,
Woodworth,and Darnel B. Wright—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Henry Bennett, Dean, Elliott, Faulk-
ner, Kelsey, Nichols, Todd, Walbndge, and Wheeler—9.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. CRAIGE stated that Mr. Zollicoffer
had paired off with Mr. Wade.
Mr. MILLER, of Indiana, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Miller, of New York, until
nine o'clock to-morrow morning.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read twice.
Mr. CASKIE. I have an amendment to offer
to'that bill as an additional section. I will state
that this bill, as I am informed, is approved by
the Secretary of the Interior. I have a letter from
the Solicitor of the Treasury, in which he says
the bill is well and aptly drawn, and that there is
a great necessity for its passage. The amendment
which I offer is an amendment which has been
submitted to the Committee on the Judiciary and
has been cordially approved by every member of
that committee. I move the previous question on
the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to a third
reading; and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. CASKIE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed to.
SOUTH AMERICAN LINE OP STEAMSHIPS.
Mr. FLAGLER moved to suspend the rules to
introduce a bill establishing a line of steamships
to South America.
Mr. STANTON demandedjhe yeas and nays
on the motion, and tellers on wie yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Clark, of
Connecticut, and Clarke, of New York, were
appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 17, noes 60.
So the yeas and nays were ordered, (one iifth
having voted therefor.)
The question was taken; and there were—yeas
4G, nays 80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Broom, Burlingame, Caskie, Chaffee,
Bayaid Clarke, Ezra Ciark, Comms, Cragin, Cumback,
Davidson, Timothy Davis, Denver, De Witt, Eustis, Evans,
Flagler, Henry M. Fuller, Harrison, Herbert, Thomas R.
Horton, Ilughston, Keitt, King, Knapp, Knox, Lmdley,
Alexander K. Marshall, Millward, Muri ay, Norton, Andrew
Olivei, Parker, Pettit, Robbing, Sandidge, Sapp, Savage,
Seward, Stranahan, Trafton, Whitney, Williams, Wood,
Woodruff, Woodworth, and Daniel B. Wright—46.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, I-Ienry Bennett,
Hendley S. Bennett, Bingham, Bocoek, Branch, Bufiinton,
Carhle, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Colfax, Dean, Dickson,
Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Edie, Elliott, Emrie, Faulkner,
Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Galloway, Garnett, Goode,
Greenwood, Harlan, Samp&on W. Harris. Thomas L. Har-
ris, Hodges, Hoffman, Holloway, Valentine B. Ilorton,
Houston, Jewett, Geoige W. Jones,'Kelsey, Knight, Knowl-
ton, Lake, Leiter, Letchci, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Marshall,
Maxwell, McCarty, MeMullin, Millson, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill, Mott, Niehoi , Oir, Packer, Panic, Peck, Pelton,
Perry, Puryear, Ricaud, Sage, Scott, Sbeiman, William
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stewart, Tappan, Todd, Ty^on,
Wflflbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Ellihu
B. vVashburne, Israel Washburn, Waison, Welch, and
Wheeler—80.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, a bill (H. R. No. 339) for the relief
of J. H. F. Thornton, Lawrence Taliaferro, and
Hay. T. Taliaferro, sureties of D. M. F. Thorn-
ton, late a purser in the Navy of the United
States.
WILLIAM W. BELDEN.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to take up and con-
sider at this time a bill (S. No. 563) for the relief
of William W. Belden, administrator of Ebenezer
Belden.
Mr. McMULLIN. I object.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. McMULLIN. I ask for tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sandidge
and Chaffee were appointed. *
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 96, noes 23.
So the rules were suspended; (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. McMULLIN (at twelve o 'clock and forty-
five minutes, a. m.) moved that the House ad-
journ. /
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be read the third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, moved the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was passed.
Mr. CLARK, of Connecticut, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUIG, MIR, AND CO.
Mr. EUSTIS asked and obtained the unan-
imous consent of the House to put on its passage
a bill for the relief of Puig, Mir, & Co.
The bill requires the Secretary of the Treasury
to release certain judgments rendered against
Puig, Mir, & Co., on duties claimed to be due on
coffee imported from Cuba.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that the brig Pepita, a Spanish vessel, arrived
at the port of New Orleans on the 16th January,
1853, from the city of Havana, Cuba, with four
hundred bags of coffcc. The brig Atalayada,
a Spanish vessel from the same port, arrived in
New Orleans on the 30th of January, 1853, with
eleven hundred and ninety-one bags of coffee,
both of these cargoes being consigned to the
petitioners, merchants, of New Orleans. The
consignees had read in the New York Price Cur-
rent, of Saturday, the 8th January, 1853, the fol-
lowing statement: u Coffee, duty free, when im-
ported from plaee of growth in all vessels, except
those of the Netherlands, Spain, and Portugal,
in which case it is twenty per cent, ad valorem ;
and also free when imported in vessels of those
nations from their own colonies." Being satis-
fied that if subject to duty, the coffee could not
be sold except at a great sacrifice in New Orleans,
they determined, in that event, to ship it else-
where, and unwilling to run any hazard by rely-
ing on the statement of the price current afore-
said, (the brig Pepita being the first Spanish ves-
sel which had been consigned to their house with
coffee,) they appealed for information to the offi-
cers of the custom-house, to wit: the naval offi-
cer and collector, and were informed by them that
the vessels were subject to the payment of foreign
duty, but that there was no duty on the coffee, and
they accordingly granted a free permit for its de-
livery. Being thus assured, the coffee was landed
and sold; that by the Pepita at a loss on the in-
voice price of #207 13, and that by the Atalayada
at a loss on the invoice of §522 90. Some time
after the sales, and after they had made out and
forwarded to the shippers their accounts of sales
of the coffee by the Pepita, and subsequent to
the first sales of that by the brig Atalayada, they
were notified that the said coffees were subject
to the payment of duties. Under these circum-
stances, payment of duties was resisted, and suita
were brought against the petitioners, which re-
sulted in judgments on the 13th February, 1854,
one for $1,310 54, and the other for $3,761 IS,
with legal interest.
These facts appear from certified transcripts
of the said judgments, and by letter of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. "The petitioners having
appealed to the Department for relief, failed to
obtain the same, the Secretary determining that
the Department had no power to grant the same;
but in a letter addressed to the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, dated i5th July,
1854, on the subject of this petition, the Secre-
tary says: " I inclose, also, agreeably to your
request, copies of the correspondence of the De-
partment on the subject, with a draft of a bill for
the relief which, in the opinion of the Departmentt
should be granted to the petitionersAccordingly
a bill for the relief of the parties was passed by
the Senate during the last Congress, and sent to
the House, and nas remained unacted on to this
time.
Mr. EUSTIS. This bill was drafted by the
Secretary of the Treasury. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the bill received its third reading, and was
passed.
Mr. EUSTIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed, and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which lat-
ter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickies, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed the bill making appro-
priations for certain- civil expenses for the year
ending30th June, 1858, with several amendments;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. MOORE asked unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Resolved*, That there be paid out of the eonrmgent fund
