THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 4, 1857.
New Series No. 63.
moves that the House recede from its disagree-
ment; but he does not embrace any particular
amendment.
Mr. KEITT. He specifies the book amend-
ment.
Mr. PAINE. The disagreement of the com-
mittee was not confined, as was stated by one of
the committee of conference, to any particular
measure, and the gentleman from Alabama moves
that the House recede.
Mr. KEITT. Upon a particular amendment.
Mr. PAINE. No, sir, not upon any particular
amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the point of order is well taken. The report of
the committee of conference is upon the amend-
ments generally to which the House disagreed,
and is, that they have been unable to agree. The
gentleman from Alabama moves to recede from a
particular amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no report of the
committee of conference covering the amend-
ments, but only a general disagreement.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from New York is that the House insist upon its
amendments, and ask a committee of conference.
The Chair is of opinion that the motion to recede
is in order, if it embraces the amendments gener-
ally. If the House refuse to insist, the motion of
the gentleman from Alabama will be in order.
Mr. HOUSTON. My understanding has been
that a motion to recede from our disagreement to
an amendment always precedes a motion to insist.
The SPEAKER. So it would, if the amend-
ment were the same. If the subjects of action
were the same, the motion to recede would have
precedence over the motion to insist; but they are
not the same.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to submit
a question of order to the Chair. Is not the neg-
atiye of the proposition equivalent to the affirm-
ative ?
The SPEAKER. The negative here is not
equivalent, to the affirmative, because the subject
matter embraced by each motion is not the same.
If they were equivalent, the Chair would state the
question on the motion to recede, but they are
not equivalent.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Pickins; its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had further insisted on its amend-
ments to the deficiency bill disagreed to by the
House, and asked for another committee of con-
ference.
DEFICIENCY BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. DAVIDSON called for the yeas and nays
on Mr. Pringle's motion to insist.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 68; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Akers, Albright, Ball, Henry Bennett,
Benson, Billingliurst, Bisliup, Bowie, Bradshaw, Broom,
Buflirtton, Burhngame, Lewis D. Campbell, Chaffee, Bay-
aid Clarke, Ezia Claik, dawson, Conuils, Cragin, Cullen,
Hemy Winter Davis, Timothy Davis, De Witt, Dickson,
Dodd, Durfce, Edie, Emrie, Eustia, Evans, Henry M. Pul-
ler, Augustus Hall, Herbeit, Hodges, Holloway, Thomas
K. Horton, Howaid, Hughston, Jewett, Kclsey, Keunett,
King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Leiter, Lmdley, Lump-
kill, HumphievMarshali, MeCarty, Millward, Moore, Mor-
rill, Muriay, Paine, Parker, Peek, Pelton, Perry, Pettit,
Pnngle, Puryear, Ricaud, Bobbins, Koberts, Sage, Spinner,
Stewart, Strauahau, Swope, Thonngton, Trafton, Wal-
bndge, Waldion, Cadwalader C\ Washburne, Israel Wash-
burn, Watson, Welch, Wells, Whitney, Williams, Wood,
and Woodruft—
NAYS —Mcoaia. Allen, Allison, Barbour, Bingham, Un-
cock, Boyce, Bianch, Burnett, Cadwalader, C'aruthers,
Caskie, Howell Cobb, Williamson R. W. Cobb, Coltax, Co-
vode, C'i ai;Tf'„ Cumback, Davidson, Dean, Denver, Dowdcll,
Elliott, Faulkner, Flagler, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fullei,
Galloway. Goode, Greenwood, Harlan, Sampson W. Hai-
ris, Thomas L. Harris, Haven, Hoft'man,_Thomas R. Ilor-
ton, Houston, Geotge W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly, Knox. Lake,
Letcher, Lumpkin, Samuel S. Maishail, Maxwell, MeMul-
lm, McQueen, Million, Morgan, Mott, Nichols, Andrew
Oliver, Packer, Powell,Ruffin,Sandidge,Sapp, Scott, Wil-
liam Smith, Stanton,Tappan,Taylor,Todd,Tyson,Walker,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Wheeler, and Winslow—68.
So the House insisted on ^ts disagreement; and
63
directed the appointment of another committee of
conference.
Messrs. Howard, Bowie, and Eustis, were ap-
pointed such comnyttee on the part of the House.
Mr. PRINGLE moved to i%ionsider the vote
by which the House insisted, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsidcr on the table; which
latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled—
An act for the relief of W. W. Belden, admin-
istrator of Ebcnezer Belden;
A bill making appropriations for the transpor-
tation of the United States mail by ocean steam-
ers and otherwise, during the fiscal year ending
30th June, 1858; and
An act to increase the pay of cadets at West
Point Academy; when the Speaker signed the
same.
LEGISLATIVE, EXECUTIVE, AND JUDICIAL
APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MORRILL, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 606) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government, reported that the
committee had met, and after full and free con-
ference had been unable to agree. He moved
that the House adhere to its disagreeing vote,
 id called the previous question.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the House do
recede, and on that I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendment to which
the committee of conference cannot agree is that
in reference to Kansas.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question was ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Letcher's
motion; and there were — yeas 75, nays 74; as
follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alters, Allen, Bocock, Bowie, Boyce,
Brand), Broom, Burnett, Cadwalader, Carhlo, Caruthers,
Caskie, Bayaid Claike, Howell Cobb. Williamson R. W.
Cobb, Craige, Davidson, Hemy Winter Davis, Denver,
Dowdell, Elliott, Eustis, Evans, Faulkner, Florence, Henry
M. Fuller, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnett, Goode, Grow,
Augustus Hall, J Mormon Ham<5, Sampson W. Harris,
Tnomas L. Harris, Herbert, Hoffman, Houston, Jewott,
George W. Jones, Keitt, Kelly. Kennett, Lake, Letcher,
Liwllcy, Lumpkin, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMullm, McQueen, Millson, Moore,
Packer, Paine, Peck, Puryear, llicaud, Ituftin, Sandidge,
Savage^ William Smith, William K. Smith, Stewait,
Swopo, Taylor, Tyson, Walker, Well*, Wheeler, Whit-
ney, Williams, Window, Daniel B. Wnght, and John V.
Wright—75.
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Benson, Billingurst, Bingham, Bradshaw, Buffinton,
Burhngame, James II. Campbell, Lewis D. Campbell,
Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Claw&on, Colfax, Covode, Crdgm,
Cumback, Timothy Davis, Dean, De Witt. Dickson, Dodd,
Durfee, Edie, Emrie, Flagler, Galloway, Harlan, Hodjres,
Holloway,Thomas E. Horton, Valentine B. Ilorton, How-
aid, Kebey, King, Knapp, Knight, Knowlton, Knox,
Leiter, MeCarty, Millward, Morgan, Morrill, Mott, Mur-
ray, Nichols. Noiton, Andrew Olivet, Parkei, Perry, Pike,
Pnngle, Robbins, Roberts, Sase, Sapp, Scott, Spinner,
Stanton, Stranahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Todd, Trafton,
Walbridgo, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburne, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Woodruff, and Wood-
woith—74.
The Speaker voting in the negative, the House
refused to recede.
Pending the vote,
Mr. CRAIGE stated that Mr. Clingman had
paired off with Mr. Pettit.
Mr. COMINS stated that he had paired off on
the pending motion with Mr. Orr.
Mr. COBB, of Georgia, stated that Mr. Ste-
phens had paired off with Mr. Watson.
Mr. FOSTER stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Simmons, both being quite unwell.
The question recurred on Mr. Morrill's mo-
tion that the House adhere to its disagreeing
vote.
Mr. LETCHER. Will it be in order to move
to lay on the tahle, after this vote be taken?
The SPEAKER. It is in order, pending this
question.
_ Mr.,HOUSTON. Does the gentleman inten-
tionally make the motion to adhere?
Mr. MORRILL. I do.
Mr. HOUSTON. Very well; then you may
take the bill.
The yeas and nays were callcd for, and or-
dered.
Mr. STANTON. Is the previous question
exhausted ?
The SPEAKER. It is not exhausted.
Mr. STANTON. I supposed it only covered
the motion to recede.
The SPEAKER. It covers all the questions.
They are equivalent questions.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 70, nays 73; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Barbour, Henry Ben-
nett, Bilimghurst, Bingham, Biadshaw, Buffinton, Burhn-
game, James II. Campbell, Chaffee, Bayaid Clarke, Ezra
Claik, Clawson, Colfax, Ciagin, Cumback, Timothy Davis,
Dean, De Witt, Dickson, Dodd, Durfee, Emrie, Flagler,
Galloway, Harlan, Hodges, Holloway, Thomas R. Horton,
Valentine B. Horton, Ilowaid, ICeJsey, King, Knapp,
Knight, Knowlton, Knox, Leiter, MeCarty, Millward, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Parker, Pel-
ton, Perry, Piko, Piingle, Robbing, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Spin-
ner, Stanton, Stianahan, Tappan, Thonngton, Trafton,
Walbndge, Waldron,Cadwalader C. Washburne,EllihuB.
Washburne. Welch, Wood, Woodruff, and Woodworth—
70.
NAYS —Messrs. Akers, Allen, Ball, .Bocock, Bowie,
Boyce, Branch, Broom, Hurnetf, Cadwalader, Caruthers,
Cabkic, Ilowell Cobb, Williamson It W. Cobb, Craige,
Hemy Winter Davis, Denver, Dowdell, Eustis, Evans,
Faulkner, Florence, Thomas J. D. Fuller, Garnctt, Green-
wood, Augustus Hall, J. Morrison Hams, Sampson W.
Ilauis. Thomasli. Harris, Haven, Hoii'man, Houston, Jow-
ett, Geoi^e W. Jones, Kent, Kelly, Kennett, Lake, Letcher,
Lindley," Lnmpktn. ilumphrey Maishail, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maxwell, McMullm, McUueen, Millson, Moore,
Murray, Parker, Paine, Peck, Powell, Puryear, Ricaud,
Ruffin, Sandidgc, Savage, WTxlliam Smith, William R.
Smith, Stewart, Swope, Taylor, Tyson, Walker, Wells,
Wheeler, Whitney, Williams, Winslow, Daniel B. Wright,
and-John V. Wright—72.
So the House refused to adhere.
Pending the vote,
Mr. EDIE stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Herbert.
Mr. McCARTY stated that Mr. Hughston-
and Mr. Carlile had paired off.
Mr. COMINS. My pair with Mr. Orr neces-
sarily extends to the different phases of this ques-
tion.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the rules be
suspended; for the purpose of taking a recess till
nine o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The motion cannot inter-
rupt the subject before the House.
Mr. McMULLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House refused to adhere, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now make the motion that
the House do recede from its disagreement.
Mr. McMULLIN, (at two o'clock and thirty-
five minutes, a. m.) I move* that the House do
now adjourn; and on that I call for tellers.
-Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McMulun
and Knowlton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes seven, noes not counted.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. KNOWLTON. Is it m order to move to
take a recess?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. DEAN demanded the yeas and nays on
Mr. Houston's motion; and asked for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered; and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
Mr. DEAjN demanded tellers on the motion to
recede.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Caruthers
and Morgan were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ay^s 66, noes 65.
So the House receded from its disagreement to
the Senate amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House receded from its disagree-
ment to the Senate amendment; and also moved
