994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
[Cries of " Yeas and nays."]
Mr. HOUSTON withdrew the motion to re-
consider.
ROADS AND BRIDGES IN KANSAS—AGAIN.
Mr. WHITFIELD asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take up a biil for the con-
struction of certain military roads and bridges in
the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. FLAGLER objected.
Mr. WHITFIELD moved to suspend the
rules; and demanded tellers upon the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Waldron
and Broom were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-one, (not two thirds of a quorum.)
So the rules were not suspended.
LEGISLATIVE, EXECUTIVE, AND JUDICIAL
APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. MORGAN. I move to reconsider the vote
just now taken by which the House receded from
its disagreement to the Kansas amendment to the
legislative, executive, and judicial bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. Did the gentleman vote in
the negative ?
Mr. MORGAN. I have nothing to say upon
that subject. There is no record. I make the
motion to reconsider, and call the yeas and nays
upon it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. I call for the readr
lng of the rule in respect to motions to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New-
York has a right to submit the motion. There is
no record of the vote which lie moves to reconsider.
Mr. HARRIS, of Illinois. Cut there is a rule
upon the subjcct, which requires that a member
shall vote in the affirmative before lie shall be
entitled to make the motion to reconsider
Mr. HOUSTON. The Speaker has decided
in accordanco with the uniform practice of the
House, and I hope there will be no contest about
it. I move to iay the motion to reconsider on
the table; and ask th.' yeas and nays upon that
motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JSMITII, of Virginia. I insist that a gen-
tleman who voted in the minority has no right to
make a motion to reconsider.
Tiie SPEAKER. The House has no record
of the vote. It is the constant practice of the
House to allow such motions.
Mr. WALKER. I take an appeal from the
decision of tin* Chair.
Mr. PRINGLE. I move that the appeal be
laid upon the table.
Mr. WALKER. I withdraw the appeal.
The SPEAKER. It is the constant practice :
of the House, and no member is safe in his rights
if the decision of the Chair is not sustained.
Mr. GRAIGE. I think that no man is safe in
his rights who does sustain it.
Mr. HAVEN. I want to know whether this
amendment is the only subject of difference be-
tween the two Houses ?
The SPEAKER.- It is.
The question was taken on Mr. Houston's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
69, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bocock, Bovce, Branch, Broom,
Burnett, Cadwaiader, Carhle, Caruthers, Ca«kie, Bavard
Clarke, Howell Cobb, Williamson 11. W. Cobb, Crai<*e,
Culliiii, Henry Winter Davts, Denver, Dowdell, Elliott,
Evans. Faulkner. Flnrrm#.o Hunnr \i ... t
riM, Flaven, Hoffman, Houston, Jewett, George W. Jones
Kent, Kelly, Kennetf, .Lctcher, Lmdley, Luinpkm, Hum
phruy Marshall, Samuel tf. Mikhail, Maxwell, MeMulim
McQueen, Million, Mooie, Packer, Paine, Pock, Powell,
Rtcaud, Ruffm, Sandidge, Savage, William Smith, Stewart,
Swope, Taylor, T\>on, Walker, Wheeler, Whitney, Wil-
liams, Winsiow, Daniel B. Wright, ami Joim V. Wright— |
NAYS—Messrs. Albright, Allison, Ball, Barbour, Henry I
Bennett, Benson, Dilhnchur.-t, Bin li.im, Bishop, Bradshavv,
Buffinton, Burhngame. Jamrs H. Y\imphell, Chaffee, Ezra
Clark, dawson, Colfax, Connns, Covode, Crajnn,Timothy
Davis, Dean, De Witt. Dickson, Uoddi Durfee, Emrie
Flagler, Harlan. Hodges, HoJIotvay, Valentine B.Horton'
Kels>ey, King, Knapp, Knight, Ivnowlton, Knox, liPiter,
McCarty, Millward, Morgan, Morrill. Mott, Murray, Nich-
ols, Norton, Parker, Pelron, Perry. Pike, Pringle, Robbms, |
Roberts, Sage, Sapp, Scott, Spmnor, Stantou, Stranahan, I
Tappan, Thorington, Trai'ton, Walbndgn, Waldron, Cad-
walader C. Washburne, Ellihu B. Washbume, Welch,
Wood, Woodruff, and Woodvvorth—71.
So the House refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. AKERS stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Cumback.
Mr. PURYEAR stated that he had paired off
■with Mr. Washburn-, of Maine.
Mr. KENNETT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Porter, was confined to his room by illness.
Mr. SHERMAN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Bennett, of Mississippi.
Mr. KEITT stated that his colleague, Mr. Orr,
had paired off with Mr. Gallpway.
Mr. COMINS ^ated that his pair having ex-
pired by an arrangement between Mr. Orr and
Mr. Galloway, he would vote in the negative.
Mr. SAGE. Is the name of the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Smith] recorded?
The SPEAKER. It is recorded.
Mr. SAGE. The gentleman was without the
bar when he answered to his name, and I insist
that it should be stricken from the roll.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman was not
within the bar when his name was called, the
Chair is of the opinion that he has not the right
to have his name recorded.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I voted, and the
Clerk heard my vote and recorded it. I was lying
upon a sofa outside the bar when I voted.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had no right
to vote, and lus name will be withdrawn.
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I ask that the rule
be read which excludes me.
The rule was read, as follows:
" 40. No member shall vote on anj question in the event
of which he it> immediately and particulaily interested, or
in any ease where he was not within the bar of the House
when the question was put; and when any member shall
a-dc leave to \ote, tiie Speaker shall propound to him the
question,' Were >ou witlim the bar when your name was
called ?' "
Mr. SMITH, of Alabama. I was here when
the question was put; and 1 do not ask to
allowed to vote. My vote is already recorded.
The Sl^EAKER. It is a matter of every-day
practice: if a member is outside the bar when his
name was cali«-d,hti can vote only by unanimous
consent.
Mr. McQUEEN. I now call for the reading
of the rule under which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Morgan] was allowed to move to re-
consider, when he voted with the minority.
The rule was read, as follows:
"56. When a motion has been made and carried in the
afiitmtive or negative, it ^hall be in Older tor any member
of the majority to move for the ^consideration thereof on
the same or succeeding day; and such motion shrill take
precedence of all other (jue^tions except a motion to ad-
juinn, and s>haM not be withdrawn alter the said succeed-
ing day without the consent of the House; and thereafter
any member may call it up for consideration."
Mr. BOCOOK. Since I have been a member
upon this floor I hg.ve never heard this question
decided otherwise than it has been by the Chair, j
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BENNETT, of New York, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The question was taken on the motion to re-
consider; and it was disagreed to.
THOMAS CROWN.
Mr. CARLILE. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up and put on its passage
Senate bill (No. 456) for the relief of Thomas
Crown.
Mi. FLAGLER. I object.
Mr. CARLILE. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose I have indicated.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read-the third time, and
passed.
Mr. CARLILE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the biil was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table. ■
The latter motion was agreed to. '
CATHARINE V. R. COCHRANE.
Mr. McCARTY. I ask the unanimous consent
; of the House to take up and put on its passage
I Senate bill (No. 362) for the relief of Catharine
: V. R, Cochrane, sole surviving child of the late
General Philip Schuyler.
Objection being made,
Mr. McCARTY moved to suspend the rules.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. McCARTY called the previous question,
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. McCARTY moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that'the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN B. ROSE.
Mr. CUMBACK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee
of the Whole from the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 706) for the relief of John B. Rose, of
"Wabash county, Indiana, and that the same be
put on its passage.
Mr. WHEELER. I object.
Mr. CUMBACK. I move to suspend the rules.
I will say that I have the report of the committee
on this case. It is a meritorious case; and if the
House will pass this bill, I pledge myself I will
never ask another favor of them in the world.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HAVEN. I understand that this is a bill
granting one hundred and sixty acres of land to
a man for military services; and I will vote that to
one man, when we are voting millions of acres to
corporations.
Mr. WHEELER. I call for tellers upon the
motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Denver and
Spinner were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 97, noes 21.
So the rules were suspended.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr.-C(JMBACK moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECESS.
Mr. LETCIIER. I now move that theJHouse
take a recess until nine £> 'clock.
. Mr. BURNETT. I object.
Mr. LETCHER. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I desire to say one word
to the House.
Mr. KEITT. I object to debate.
Mr. GREENWOOD. If gentlemen wish to
lose all the bills and measures which we have
already passed, they will, as a matter of^course,
vote for the motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia. The bills cannot be reported from the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, and signed, unless
the House is in session.
Mr. LETCHER. If those already passed
cannot be enrolled, how in the name of God can
the clerks enroll the bills which gentlemen desire
to stay here and pass now?
Mr. GREENWOOD. I call for tellers upon
the motion to suspend the rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Greenwood
and Cumback were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 7&, noes 52.
So the rules were not suspended, (two thirds
not voting in favor thereof.)
REPRESENTATIVES OF JOSEPH NOURSE.
Mr. HARRIS, of Alabama. I ask the consent
of the House to put upon its passage a bill for the
relief of the legal repiesentativesof Joseph Nourse,
dcccased.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Let the regular
order of business come up.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
Mr, HARRIS, of Alabama, moved to suspend
the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
not suspended.
COMPENSATION OF EMPLOYES.
Mr. BARBOUR asked unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed to pay
