996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I do not think I ;
shall. °
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. And I will not :
hazard the bill to gratify the gentleman. 1
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. You must pass it,
then, under a supension of the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I will say, in
general terms, before I call the pre\ ious question,
that the Senate receded from about thirty-five of
their amendments, and that some eight or ten of
the Senate amendments were the identical prop-
ositions which had been agreed to by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and which were cut
off by the action of the House the other day when
a single objection was made.
There are some important measures of inde-
pendent legislation in this bill. The Senate have
receded from such of those amendments which
the committee of conference on the part of the
House thought required more deliberation; and
the House receded from their disagreement only
to those amendments which the committee on the
part of the House thought ought to be adopted.
Some of the heavy items of appropriations made
by the Senate amendments arc receded from, such,
for instance, as that for the construction of the
new jail for the District of Columbia, for which
$150,000 was appropriated. The water-works
arc in. [ktIIow much?" "How much?"] A
million of dollars. I speak now of those import-
ant amendments involving large sums of money.
There is also appropriated ^500,000 for the com-
pletion of the dome of the Capitol. The com-
mittee on the part of the House believe that the
dtuno must be cBmpleted at some time or other;
and wc believed that now, while the Treasury is
full to .overflowing, is the proper time for the
House to consent to it.
Knowing that another appropriation bill is in
jeopardy, arid that there are other important pub-
lic measures which may come from the Senate,
1 move the previous question upon agreeing to
the report of the committee.
Mr. JONES, of'XVnnewM'o. J call for the yeas
find nays upon agreeing fo the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. COVODE. 1 want to know whether the
"watui-works for Washington are included in this
report as being concurred in ?
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I have already
said so, loud enough to be heard by everybody.
Mi. COVODE. Well,Mr. Speaker [Loud
calls to " Oidci!"]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania is not m order.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I ask for the reading of the
amendments that are to be concurred in by the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. It is too late.
The SPEAKER. It is on the report of the
committee of conference that the House passes
judgment. If the icport be not satisfactory gen-
tlemen may vote against it.
Air. STANTON. I want to have the amend-
ment read.
The SPEAKER. The report will be read
again.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the
amendments on which we have to vote be read.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
The amendments referred to m the report are a
part of the leport, and must be read as such.
The report rccommcnds the House to concur in
such atid such amendments.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Gentlemen arc presumed
to know what are the parts of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state, in
reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] that the paper to be read now is the report
of the committee ot conference, and that that con-
tains all on which the House passes judgment.
A member bus not the right to insist on reading
the bill or amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Havel the right
to ask a question ?
The SPEAKER. Certainlv.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will yon select
any one of these amendments referred to by num-
ber, and tell me what is in it?
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot do that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. No, sir; nor can
any gomlemaii m the House.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report from the committee of
conference appointed on the disagreeingvotesof
i the two Houses on the deficiency bill, that that
! committee has met, and been unable to agree,
j Another committee has since been appointed.
civil appropriation bill—again.
Mr. PERRY. I rise to a question of order.
The amendments of the Senate propose to plunder
the Treasury of the nation of millions of dollars.
These amendments have never been even read in
the House; they have never been considered in
Committee of the Whole; the previous question
has been forced upon us; and now, under the
operation of the wo are compelled to vote
without even knowing a single provision in one
of the amendments proposed to be passed. It is
the most monstrous bill of abominations ever in-
troduced into this House. I solemnly protest
against it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must overrule the
point of order. All the amendments were con-
sidered in the House by unanimous consent, or
by a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal from that
decision.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I now move that
the report of the committee of conference be laid
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MOUS FON. I want to know what is the
condition of these reports. Do both ^ferto the
same bill ?
The SPEAKER. No; the report presented
just now by the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Howard] was on the deficiency bill. Tie reports
that the committee of conference has been una-
ble to agree. Another conference committee has
aheady been appointed on that bill. That of the
gentleman from Ohio is on the bill appropriating
money tor certain civil expenses.
Mr. KNOWLTON. I rise to a question of
order. We are called upon to vote on tins report
specifying certain amendments by their number.
Tiie SPEAKER. The report is in oidor,
Mr. KNOWLTON. We ore then compelled
to vote on amendments without a knowledge of
them.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules the report
to be in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to know
whether the Chair decides, on the inquiry of the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Knowlton,] that
he had no right to have the amendments lead?
The SPEAKER. The amendments cannot be
read without the consent of die House.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal from that
decision.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio. I move to lay the
appeal on the table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. On that I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the appeal was
laid on the table.
Mr. PERRY. I call for the yeas and nays on
agreeing to the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 87, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Aiken. Barl^dnle, Ken-on, Rillinghurst,
Bingham. Jnbluip, ]ioun\ Bianch, llroom, Buffinton, TUu-
husatne, Cadwaladu. J.ame> II. Campoeil, Lewis D. Camp-
bell, Cailile, Cdiutlieis Czia Clark, Ctawron, Ctuignian,
Coi.nns, Ciaige, Cuhcu. Djvui-ou, Iloniy Winter Davis-,
Timothy Daw*, Denver, Du:k, Dickson, Elliott, Evarib,
Florence. Foster. Henry M Fuller, Gooue, CJieenwood,
Augu.-tu^ Hail..I. Alonifon Harm, U« v<m, Heih^rt, llodgtv,
lioilman. Thousas LI. Iloitou, Yaieiitme ft. Kortnn, How-
ard. Juwett, Kent, Keimett, King, Knapp. Kmutit. Kunke],
Lake, Maee, iiuiiif>hrs \ Marshall, riamuel M.ur-lhill,
Maxwell, Killmu .Millet. Smith T.Iiliei, i eadv, 1'ie.iud,
Ritchie, Robbms. £?armui<i<\ lavage, riewaid. Samuel A.
Smith, WitUam r>mith, Will..an it. Smith, bpumci, rite<v-
art, fckrandhan. Taiboo, Taylor, Thonngtn.j, Thui-ton,
Todd, TyhOn, Valk, Walker, Cauwalader O. Wasi.bntpe,
Elhhu ft. Wa=h[mrnV. isiael Washburn, Welch, Whitney,
Wood, Woodruif, and Woodw oitn—.
NAVS—Messrs. Baibour,Baich y, fiemy Bennett, Bh.-^,
Bienton, Burnett, Williamson It. W. Cobb, Coli'ax, Co-
vodc, Ciagm,Cumbaek. Dean, Dodd, Edte, Cmne, English,
Flagler, Thomas J. J>. Fuller, Granger, Hailan, Ttioma* L.
Hams, HolSowny, Houston, George W. Jono^, Kolsey.
KnowUon, Knox, Letter, .Letchei, landley, Lumpkin,
McCarty, McMuihn, Millson, Millward, Moore, Morgan,
Morrill. Molt, Murray, Nichols, Norton, Fame, Farker,
Peiry, Pettitj Powell, Pringle, Itobnon, Iluffin,Sabiri,Sage,
Fapp, Seort, Shorter, Simmons, Stanton, Tappau, Under-
wood, Wade,'Waidron, Warner, YVatkms, Wells, Wheeler,
Wnham^, and ZolIicoiTer—07.
So the report was agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. TRAFTON said. Mr. Speaker, I ask the
House to excuse mc from voting, as the amend-
ments have not been reported. I cannot vote
<6no;"as there maybe some matters which I
approve, nor can I vote " ay," as there may be
some things I condemn; so that in either case " I
may do that I shall be sorry for."
No objection was made; and Mr. Trafton was
excused.
Mr. GALLOWAY stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Our.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the report was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table, which latter motion was agreed to.
GEORGE CHORPENNIIVG, JR.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of Ohio, moved to take from
the Speaker's table House bill (No. 541) for the
relief of George Chorpenning, Jr., with the
amendments of the Senate thereto.
There being- no objection, the bill was taken
up, and the amendments of the Senate reported
to the House.
Mr. McMULLIN. I move that the bill be laid
on the table; and upon that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
JANE M'CRAB.
Mr. SAPP obtained the floor.
Mr. EVANS. I submit that I ara entitled to
the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
i [Mr. Sapp] is entitled to the floor.
! Mr. EVANS. I rise to a question of order.
'The g< nfleman from Ohio has had the floor
; assigned to him three times while I have been
ondeavoung to obtain the ear of the Speaker.
Now, sir, my rights are equal to those of the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
1 gentleman from Ohio was entitled to the floor be-
1 foie the House took a recess this morning, and
has now the right to claim the floor,
Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I have a small
bill, a private bill, m which a citizcn of Texas
alone is interested, and to which I hope there will
. be no objection.
j The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
! is entitled to the floor.
! Mt. EVANS. I appeal fiom that decision.
Air. DEAN, I move to lay the appeal on the
| table.
The motion was agreed to.
: Mr. SAPP. I now ask the consent of the
\ House to take up Senate bill (No. 303) for the re-
j lief of Jane McCrab, widow of Captain John W.
I McCrab, of the United States Army,
j Mr. LETCHER. I object.
j Mr. SAPP. I move to suspend the rules, and
call for tellers on the motion.
; Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Seward
; and Sherman were appointed.
I The House divided; and the tellers reported-—-
I ayes sixty-six, (not two thirds of a quorum.)
; So the rules were not suspended.
| DELEGATE FROM ARIZONA.
| Mr. OTERO asked the unanimous consent of
' the House to introduce the following resolution:
| Resolved, That theCleik of the House is authorized and
j d)ruo*e<l to pay to X. P Cook, nf Aiizona, out of the con-
! tincTit fund, the mileage allowed to Delegates from the
' Tomtom's.
Mr, UNDERWOOD objected.
Mr. OTERO mcn'ed to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and luiys were not ordered.
I .Mr. OTERO called for tollers.
I Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Emrie, find
i Cobb of Alabama, were appointed.
I The House divided: and the tellers reported—"
i none in the affirmative.
I So the rules were not suspended.
