1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1001
any such articles shall compose a part, are de-
clared to be liable to be proceeded against and
forfeited by due course of law, and the articles
forthwith destroyed.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
thii;d time, and passed.
PORT OP DELIVERY AT AUGUSTA.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the House bill (No. 803)
to establish Augusta, in the State of Georgia, a
Eort of delivery, have instructed me to report it
ack and recommend its passage. As it is a
matter of considerable local interest, I ask the
Senate to take it up now and pass it.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill. It proposes to make
Augusta a port of delivery withm the collection
district of Savannah, and to provide for the ap-
pointment of a surveyor of customs, to reside at
the port of Augusta, who is to perform similar
duties towards, and in connection with, the col-
lection at the port of entry, as are prescribed for
surveyors of the ports of Pittsburg, Wheeling,
Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, and Nashville,
by the act of Congress approved March 2, 1831,
entitled " An act allowing the duties on foreign
merchandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheeling,
Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nashville, and
Natchez, to be secured and paid at those places."
The duties of the collector at Savannah m refer-
ence to all foreign merchandise entered for the
port of Augusta, and to be shipped from Savan-
nah to Augusta, either by the river or railroad,
are to be the same as those prescribed for the
collector at New Orleans in reference to merchan-
dise entered by an importer, or his agent there,
for the ports mentioned in the act of 1831. Im-
portations of foreign merchandise to Augusta may
be made through the port of Savannah in the
same way, and under like instructions, penalties,
and forfeitures, as by the act of 1831 they are
allowed to be made to the places mentioned in it
through the port of Now Orleans.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DAILY RECESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I move that, for the residue
of the session, the Senate take a recess every day
from four to six o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not to-day. I
trust we shall not have a third night session.
Mr. HUNTER. We are obliged to sit every
night now in order to get through.
Mr. STUART. I am very willing to agree to
the proposition of the Senator from Virginia with
an amendment that we shall adjourn at ten o 'clock;
but as to sitting here all night to hear lengthy
discussions upon general propositions, I cannot
agree to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not see how an amendment of that kind can
be offered to the proposition of the Senator from
Virginia.
Mr. STUART. Then I object to the motion
for a recess.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that for the residue of the session, the Senate take
a recess 
Mr. STUART. That cannot be done except
by unanimous consent.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolution
can be offered.
Mr. STUART. Not to take a recess.
Mr. WELLER. It changes the rule of the
Senate, and of course requires a day's notice if
a single Senator objects. The hour of meeting,
accordingto thegeneral rule now, is eleven o'clock,
without any provision for a recess; and you can-
not change that rule, if there be an objection, ex-
cept after one day's notice.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
not aware of any rule which prevents the Senate
from having a recess at its pleasure.
Mr. STUART. There is objection to its being
made a standing order like this. The motion
may be made for a single day, but it cannot be
made for the residue of the session, if there be
objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
entertains no doubt that the resolution is in order;
but if it is desired, he will submit the question of
order to the Senate.
Mr. STUART. Then I object to the resolu-
tion, and it cannot be considered to-day.
The PRESID ENT pro tempore. The Chair will
consider the subject.
Mr. HUNTER subsequently said: The objec-
tion to a recess has been withdrawn, and I hope
that the resolution will now be considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
by the Senator from Virginia that, for the residue
of the session, the Senate take a recess from four
until six o'clock in the afternoon.
Mr. SEWARD. Allow me to suggest an
amendment. We cannot all get here at six
o'clock. If the Senator will say half past six I
will assent to it.
Mr. HUNTER. I take the usual resolution,
which is to have a recess for two hours.
Several Senators. Then say from half past
four until half past six o'clock.
Mr. HUNTER. If that suits gentlemen bet-
ter, I am willing to agree to it. I move that the
Senate take a recess daily, fiom half past four
o'clock until half past six o'clock.
Mr. RUSK. I will make another suggestion.
There are but two days of the session after to-day,
and there are seven appropriation bills behind. I
do not know when the appropriation bills have
been so far behind—certainly never before during
my service here. If we go on taking up bills in
the morning, and consuming time, we shall be
driven, not into a defeat of the appropriation bills,
but to very hurried legislation, which always
results badly. I suggest that we meet at nine
o'clock on Monday morning.
Mr. HUNTER. Then what time will the Pi-
nance Committee have for the consideration of
the appropriation bills ? I am willing to agree to
that suggestion if the Senator will say ten o'clock.
We cannot get here at nine o'clock.
Mr. RUSIi. I will say ten o'dock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first prop-
osition is, that for the residue of the session, the
Senate take a recess from half past four until half
past six o'clock, p. m.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I now make a motio.n to meet at
ten o'clock on Monday morning.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I hope that hour will
not be fixed for meeting on Monday morning.
Let it be for Tuesday morning.
Mr. HUNTER. We have only two days left.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Very well.
- The motion was agreed to.
COMPENSATION OP AMESSENGER.
Mr. PISH. I desire to offera resolution; and
I will barely state in explanation, as I shall ask
the Senate to consider it at once, that there are
now two messengers employed in the office of the
Secretary, one of whom will be remembered by
the older Senators here as formerly a page, and
a very estimable and excellent one he was. When
he was appointed a messenger, he was appointed
at a lower salary in consequence of his youth.
He is now discharging the same class of duties
as the other messenger receiving a higher salary.
The resolution proposes to put him, m regard to
pay, on the same footing with the other. I hope
there will bo no objection to it.
The resolution1 was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be paid to William H. Rohrer, a
messenger in the office of the Secretary of the Seuate, the
same compensation as is allowed to the other messenger in
said office, to commence with the close of the first session
of the piasent Congress.
Mr. BIGGS. I took occasion to object to the
organization of the employes of the Senate at the
last session, and to a report which was made
which seemed to me to be an improper one. It
was said, however, to have been settled by a de-
cision of the Senate upon mature deliberation by
a committee of the body; and now we propose to
change that on all occasions by a simple resolu-
tion. I object to it.
Mr. FISH. I move that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee to Audit and Control the
Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ROADS IN OREGON.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill (H. K, No. 2) making appropriations for
the completion of military roads in Oregon Ter-
ritory. It proposes to appropriate ^10,000 for
the completion of the road from Astoria to Salem;
$30,000 for the completion of thwroad from Myr-
tle Creek to Camp Stewart; and $30,000 for the
completion of the road from Myrtle Creek to
Scottsburg.
The bill was reported to the. Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading* read the
third time, and passed.
HARBOR OF DUBUQUE.
'On motion of Mr. JONES, of Iowa, the"Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the followingresolution,
submitted by him on the 26th instant, and it was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com-
municate to tile Senate the reports recently made by Lieu-
tenant Colonel Stephen Long and Captain W. II. Palmer,
of the United States Army, touching the continuation of the
improvement of the harbor of Dubuque.
JOHN SHAW.
On motion of Mr. DODGE, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 657) for the relief of John
Shaw, a spy in the war of 1812. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to John Shaw,
of Wisconsin, $3,000, in full for his extraordinary-
services as a scout and spy on the Upper Missis-
sippi frontier, in the war of 1812.
The memorialist, during the war of 1812, re-
ceived from Governor Howard, of the Territory
of Missouri, an appointment to act as scout or
spy upon the movements of the enemy, which
consisted of Indians and a portion of the British
forces, upon the Mississippi frontier, from near
above St. Louis, upon both sides of the river, for
a distance of two hundred and fifty miles. The
object of this service was to keep the companies
of mounted rangers, ordered by the United Statea
Government to various points on the frontier,
constantly posted as to the various movements
of'the hostile Indians. The memorialist waa
selected for this duty on account of his great skill
as a hunter having made him more familiar with
the wilds than any other man in that country,
and possessed him with powers of enduranco
which were invaluable for such a service, as also
because he was thoroughly acquainted with the
Indians, their manners and customs. The dis-
charge of this duty involved great labor, immense
risks, and excessive fatigue. Itlasted for nearly
three years—from the summer of 1812 to the
spring of 1815—during which time he performed
some of the most heroic deeds of daring and ex-
traordinary services that could well be conceived.
His life was in constant danger. At times, there
being no ferry-boats, he was compelled to swim
his horse after his canoe m order that he might
ride him across the small streams. At other
times he would travel overland to various settle-
ments in Illinois and Missouri, to discover war
parties who were constantly committing depre-
dations. Conveying information of their where-
abouts to the troops, he would invariably accom-
pany the detachment which went in their pursuit,
and take a hand in any engagement which might
ensue. At one time he accompanied asquadx-on
as a spy as far up as Rock Island.
The memorialist stands high in Wisconsin, tha
State of his present residence. Its Legislature
has passed resolutions memorializing Congress to
grant him some relief. The history of the State
makes honorable mention of him as an early
pioneer of its greatness. The Historical Society
of the State petition for his relief. In fact, the
strongest evidences are afforded«not only of tha
value of his services, but of his great merit as one
of the first settlers of the West.
pie never was paid a cent for his services as a
scout and spy, or for any of the extraordinary
duties which he performed, and which were the
subject of special appointment. Besides this, he
makes oath that he spent out of his own pocket
$1,700 for horses, arms, ammunition, &c., not
one cent of which was ever reimbursed him. He
relied upon the Govcrnor'of Missouri, who ap-
pointed him, to obtain him such a consideration
as what he had done was worth; for the Governor
had promised him that when ho could acquaint
the Department at Washington with the facts,
and the estimate which he placed upon the
memorialist's service, the Government would
immediately compensate him. But unfortunately
