1002
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
the Governor died before he could fulfill his prom-
ise, and the memorialist has to this day remained
unpaid.
The bill was*reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
..WHITEMARSH. B. SEABROOK AND OTHERS.
On motion of Mr. JONESs of Tennessee, the
Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole,
to consider the bill CH. R. No. 527) for the relief
of Whitemarsh B. Seabrook and others. It pro-
poses to direct the Secretary of War to examine
and settle, upon the principles of equity and jus-
tice, the claim of Whitemarsh B. Seabrook, Wil-
liam C. Meggett, Benjamin Bailey, W. E. Wood,
Edward Mitchell, Joseph J. Murray, Charles
Townsend, John Patterson, William R. Hart,
Joseph Jenldns, Edward Bailey, Henry Sea-
brook, Cato A. Beckett, Benjamin S. Whalcy,
Isaac Auld, John Ailcock, James B. Adams,
William Beckett, Edward Beckett, James Beck-
ett, WilliamG. Baynard, John Baynard, Ephraim
Baynard, Charles Bailey, Henry Bailey, Francis
Bowler, Henry Calder, James Clark, Sr., Robert
Chisholm, Gabriel Crawfoid, William Clement,
James Dignan, Thomas Dunmirc, William Ed-
ings, George W. Freeman, Barney Gilbert, Wil-
liam Hannahan, Jr., Henry J. Jones, Christopher
Jenkins, Benjamin W. Jenkins, Robert, S. Jen-
kins, Daniel Lowry, Robert Mason, Ephraim
Mikell* John C. Mikell, Josiah Mikcll, John
Mikell, Sr., John Raven Matthews, Isaac C.
Moses, Mungo Mackay, John McDougal!, Rob-
ert McLeod, John C. Pillans, Robert Pillans,
John Pattieson, Wilbam Seabrook, Gabriel Sea-
brook, Joseph A. Seabiook, Andrew Seabrook,
Lewis Strobcil, James Swinton, Christian Staley,
Daniel Shandley, Andrew E. Thayer, Daniel
Townsend, Thomas Tompson, George M. Tow-
ers, Edward Whaley, Joseph Whalcy, William
Wilkinson, Christopher Wilkinson, Morton Wil-
kinson, Thomas Wescoat, William J. Wescoat,
Randall Wescoat, WalleyMeggett,Mingoe Craw-
ford, and Joseph Bcnmer, they being tlie officers,
musicians, and privates composing the Edisto
Island company of militia, in South Carolina, in
the war of 181^; and allow to those named, who
are living, and the heirs of#thosc deceased, the
amount of pay and allowances to which each of
thorn would have been entitled, according to their
respective positions, under the regulations of the
service at that lime, for such length of time as
they shall each of them be proved to have seived
in defense of the island during the war; and allow
them just and reasonable compensation for the
material and labor winch shall be proved to have
been expended by them m the erection of two
fortifications on that island, for the purposes of
defense m the war.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SURVEYOR GENEKAl/lN MINNESOTA.
Mr. JOHNSON". I am sure I trouble the Senate
very hule with requests; but I wish to ask them
now to take up the bill (II. R. No. 644) to create
the office of surveyor general of public lands in j
Minnesota Territory. !
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator consent,
•when the morning hour is over at one o'clock, to
let this bill he over ?
Mr. JOHNSON. This bill is reported by the ;
Committee on Public Lands unanimously. It is !
unquestionably a measure that ought to be passed;
but as it is adverse to the will of the represent-
atives of an adjoining State to whom my personal
feelings of attachment are well known, that cir-
cumstance would seem to make it imperative on
our sense of right to take up that bill at once, and
consider it. 1 know it will be resisted.
Mr. HUNTER. All I ask is tliat at one
o'clock we shall go on with the appropriation
bills.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope the Senate
"will not take up this bill. I understand something
of the manner in which it was passed through the
House of Representatives, and how it has been
reported here. I know, I think, if I know any-
thing in the world, that this bill ought not to be
passed at all; and I know that if I e\er intend to
oppose any bill whilst I am in the Senate, 1 shall
oppose the passage of this one. The Secretary
of the Interior in his annual report stated that he
thought there ought to be a reduction of at least
four of the surveyors general in the'United States.
I wish simply to state this to show that there is
ground for strong opposition to the bill, that there
is no necessity for the establishment of the office,
and that it will lead to great discussion 
Mr. JOHNSON. I hope the Senator will not
touch on the merits of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Have I not the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Iowa has the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know how I lost it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
made his motion.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I can be heard after the
Senator from Arkansas. Pie may go on.
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall not go into the sub-
ject. The Senator from Iowa well knows my
regard for him. I cannot be got into any feeling
in regard to this bill; but 1 am anxious that this
matter should be considered. It does not affect
the Senator's State, but only takes away a part
of the patronage from his State. His State, surely,
is not entitled to the patronage of Minnesota. I
ask the Senate to take up the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I object to taking it up.
There are a great many bills before the Senate
unanimously reported from committees—from my
own committee an immense number—to which
there are no objections; and yet Senators come
here and implore the Senate to take up other
bills that cannot be passed without much debate.
Here is a bill which my friend knows is to be
resisted, not only by my colleague and myself,
but by several other Senators. If he does not
know it, I do. The Committee on Public Lands
have had before them a bill, which has passed the
House of Representatives also, and passed that
body before this bill, to establish a surveyor gen-
eral's office for Nebraska, a Territory which has
three hundred thousand square miles of unsur-
wyed land in it. Almost the whole of the land
of that Tenitory is unsurveyed; and yet they do
not ask for the consideration of that bill. Why
not take up that bili, establishing a surveyor gen-
eral's office m Nebraska—to which there is no
objection—instead of taking up the bill which my
friend from Arkansas (for i esteem him as a dear
friend) desires to have taken up. I hope the
Senate will not take it up.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope this bill will not be
taken up. The motion seems to be objectionable
on all tiie grounds upon which we act. We desire,
at this stage of the session, to take up bills which
we can pass, and therefore to take up those which
ij are unopposed as far as possible. Then there is
" a matter of courtesy involved. There might be
a reason for taking up a bill which the represent-
atives of the State to be affected by it desired to
be passed; but it is a new state of tilings when a
bill is to be taken up because the Senators from
the State are opposed to it. However, I know
nothing aboat the merits of this bill, and care
nothing about them; but, for the purpose of seeing
whether we are going into this kind of dispute,
or whether we will take some other business—and
certainly i have some upon which the committee
is agreed, and which I hope nobody will oppose—
i among which is a bill to secure life and security
on board of vessels propelled by steam, and sev-
eral other reports—1 move to lay this motion on
the table.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should be very glad to have
the vote on the question of taking up this bill. It
is made my duty by the committee to urge it, and
they are absolutely unanimous m regard to the
subject. If I did not believe conscientiously it
was what it ought to be, I would not urge it. I
hope the Senate will give us the vote whether or
not they will take it up.
Mr. SEWARD. I have moved to lay that mo-
tion on the table.
Mr. STUART. I suppose it is not in order to
move to lay on the table a motion to take up a
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair so
considers it.
Mr. STUART. The Senator from New York
certainly never was more mistaken in his life than
he seems to be in this instance, from the state-
ment he has made. He says this is a proposi-
tion to take up a bill objected to by the Senators
interested in it. Now, sir, the Senators of the
State of Iowa reallyhave no more interest in this
bill than in a proposition to establish a surveyor
general's office in California.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 rise to a point of order. I
wish to suggest whether it is appropriate, on this
motion to take up the bill, to go into a discussion
of its merits ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
considers that there is a very broad field for de-
bate on a motion to take up a bill.
Mr. STUART. I was only going to state a
single fact in reply to the remarkable statement
of the Senator from New York, aad not to debate
the question. The bill is to establish a surveyor
general's office in the Territory of Minnesota,
with which Iowa has no more to do than any
other State in this Union. The Senator from
New York is altogether mistaken, therefore, when
he says the proposition is to take up a bill for the
benefit of a State to which the Senators from that
State are opposed. The public interests require it.
The Committee on Public Lands of both Houses
have examined this subject, with more care, I ven-
ture to say—it is so in regard to the committee
of this body, certainly—than any other measure
which has been before them at this session. They
have heard the Senators from Iowa; and after get-
ting all the information they could on the subject,
they have unanimously decided that the public
interests imperatively demand that this office
should be established.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish that we could take
up this morning aprivileged question. The Sen-
ate will remember that the Judiciary Committee
have reported a resolution in regard to the seat of
one of the Senators from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch,]
and it is important that that resolution should be
acted upon. I believe it has precedence as a
privileged question, and I desire that it may be
taken up this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
must first be put on the motion of the Senator
from Arkansas.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Has not this resolution
precedence as a question of privilege ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
would not so decide; but there is a pending ques-
tion, and until that is disposed of no other ques-
tion can take its place.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I wish to correct two
mistakes into which the Senator from Michigan
has fallen. He says this bill does not affect the
State of Iowa. Why, sir, the surveyor general's
district is now composed of Wisconsin, Iowa,
and Minnesota. Will not anybody see, there-
fore, that it does affect Iowa? The office is lo-
cated m the State of Iowa, at Dubuque, where I
reside. It was located there m 1838 by my own
act, as Delegate from the Territory of Wiscon-
sin, out of the Territory in which I then resided,
and placed in the Terntoiy of Iowa, at the spot
which I believed would most accommodate the
people of the whole district. The office belongs
to Iowa, if it belongs to any country in the world.
This bill proposes to take away from this district
nearly all the lands which remain to be surveyed,
and which are more accessible, in my opinion,
to the office at Dubuque than any other point
named, unless it be outside of the proposed State
of Minnesota, and place them in a new district.
I understand that my colleague desires to say
something on this subject, and I give way to him.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President 
Mr. ALLEN. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not be-
fore the Senate. The question is on taking it
up.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire now to say simply
that I shall feel it to be a duty I owe to the State
of Iowa to resist the passage of this bill by the
use of every means within my power that may be
regarded as honorable and right. I shall do so,
however, on public grounds alone, and not be-
cause IoWa may be supposed to be locally inter-
ested in the defeat of the measure.
This surveyor general's district is now com-
posed of the Spates of Wisconsin and Iowa, with
the Territory of Minnesota. It will be an easy
matter, as I think, for my colleague and myself
to show that the public interests do not require
the creation of a newsurveyorgeneral's office, or
the removal of the present office from the town
of Dubuque to any other point at the present
