1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1003
time. I desire, therefore, to give notice in advance
that we shall esteem it to be our duty to resist
the passage of the bill by the use of every hon-
orable means within our power. This will neces-
sarily occupy the time of the Senate—perhaps
more of the time of the Senate than other Sena-
tors may be disposed to appropriate to this dis-
cussion. Nevertheless, for one, I shall feel it to
be my duty to use the time of the Senate for that
purpose; and I state so frankly in advance.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope, after that threat, the
Senate will take up this bill and pass it. Never
since I have sat here as a member, have I heard
the Senate attempted to be overawed and prevented
from doing business by any such declaration as
that (Jf the Senator [Mr. Harlan] to the Senate.
On a mere question of the removal of a land office
to a Territory which hfts no Senators, for the
purpose of keeping the surveyor general's office
in his own State, in whiclj nearly all the lands are
surveyed, he says that he will take up the time of
the country. I trust that the Senate, in self-re-
spect, will not hesitate one moment in taking up
the bill and voting on it. Let us not be overawed
or intimidated by any such threats as these.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand full well the
intention of the Senator from Georgia, by the
remarks he has made. I did not intend a single
remark made by me to be interpreted as he has
interpreted it. I intend to use the time of the
Senate honorably, for the purpose of showing
that the public interests do not require the passage
of this bill. I have made this declaration, not for
the purpose of overawing any member of the
Senate, but I esteemed it to be my duty as one of
the representatives of the State of Iowa to do so;
and in frankness I regard it as my duty thus to
state in advance, not for the purpose of overawing
the Senator from Georgia or any other Senator,
but for the purpose of giving notice, in advance,
of what I regard to be my duty in the case now
pending.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. Before the vote is taken,
I wish to remark that there are a great many bills
reported from the Committees on Public iLands
and on Territories, for the benefit of other Terri-
tories, as well as for the benefit of this Territory,
which are not thought of. I desire to know why
my friend desires to bring up a bill which he
knew in advance was to create debate—which he
knew I could not remain here silent and allow to
pass without resistance?
The gentleman from Michigan said it would
not affect my State. As I before observed, the
office is located at Dubuque, in the State of Iowa.
The lands in portions of Minnesota Territory are
further advanced in the way of survey than they
are in Wisconsin and western Iowa. There is a
small portion of unsurveyed lands to the west of
the State of Iowa, in the western portion of the
Territory of Minnesota, which are more easily
accessible to the office at Dubuque, than to any
portion of Minnesota Territory which is inhab-
ited and organized; and therefore the office ought
to remain where it is. I hope the bill will not be
taken up.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas J8, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bright, Cass, Clay, Douglas, Fitch,
Foot, Johnson, Mallory, Mason, Pu/jh, Reid, Sebastian,
Shdcll, Stuart, Toombs, Toucey, and WelJer—18.
NA\ S—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of
Tennessee, Benjamin, Biggs, Biglci, Brodhead, Brown,
Collamer, Crittenden, Dod<re, Evan?, Firzpatrick, Foster,
Geyer, Green, Gwin, Hailan, Houston, Hunter, Iveison,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Pratt, Rusk, Seward,
Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Trum-
bull, and Wade—30.
So the Senate refused to proceed to the consid-
eration of the bill.
PAY OF LIEUTENANT GENERAL.
Mr.-CRITTENDEN. I wish the Senate would
permit to be taken up and acted on the joint res-
olution which passed the House of Representa-
tives more than two months ago, to decide the
question of the pay to which the lieutenant gen-
eral is entitled. 1 move to take it up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky,
that the Senate proceed to consider the joint res-
olution (No. 31) explanatory of the joint resolu-
tion authorizing the President of the United States
to confer the title of lieutenant general by brevet,
approved February 15, 1855.
Mr. IIUNTER. Will the Senator agree to lay
it aside at on$ o'clock for the appropriation bills?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. The Senate can decide
that.
Mr. CLAY. I trust this bill will not be taken
up. It will necessarily lead to debate. There is
a conflict between the report of the House and
that of the Senate committee. The Senate com-
mittee report amendments which are very mate-
rial—which diminish thepayproposed to be given
to General Scott by the bill of the House. If we
take that bill up, it must defer matter of more
importance ;*and at this time I do not see any
necessity for pressing it, inasmuch as we have
passed a bill within the past week which raises
the compensation of General Scott about two
thousand dollars, and inasmuch as, under the con-
struction given by the President to the resolution
of February, 1855, the pay of General Scott for
arrears due him has amounted to upwards of
twelve thousand dollars; andinasmuch as at pres-
ent he will receive, under the construction of that
resolution by the-President, more than ten thou-
sand dollars per annum — a larger amount than
any officer of the Government, cxccpt the Presi-
dent himself. As there are private claimants here
who are necessitous, and have received nothing,
I do not see any occasion for giving this bill pre-
cedence. Besides, if we permit the appropriation
bills to be acted on, and sent back to the House
of Representatives for their concurrence in the
amendments of the Senate, during the last day
of the session, we can take up private bills, and
act upon them. I therefore respectfully suggest
to the Senator from Kentucky that he will much
more probably get action on this subject if he will
let us take to-day to dispose of some of the ap-
propriation bills; and then, while the other House
is acting on those appropriation bills, take this
bill up. Now, according to its order, it will come
up about fifth among the private bills, if we take
them up regularly.
Mr. STUART. I wish to say a word in reply
to a most remarkable statement of the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,] in respect to the treat-
ment received at the hands of my committee of
other bills regarding Territories. It is known
that I have not only been endeavoring, but almost
to the displeasure of several members of the Sen-
ate, for the last week to get up those bills; and I
have "been struggling for the floor since 1 came
into the Senate this morning, to enable me to get
up some bills establishing land offices in Kansas
and Nebraska, and have been utterly unable to
obtain the floor. I think that when under these
circumstances the Senator sees fit to assume to
say that other measures about which there is no
dispute, and which are of great necessity, are re-
ceiving no attention at the hands of the Committee
on Public Lands, he should be very well advised
before he undertakes to make the statement.
Those bills are important; and I have only re-
cited what is the real history of the action of the
committee on this subject; but we have been un-
able to get a hearing. Certainly that is not the
fault of the committee. The Senate has occupied
itself with action on*such business as it thought
necessary to transact, and of that the committee
has no right to complain; but if energy and ap-
plication on the part of the members of the com-
mittee would have succeeded in getting this other
business before the Senate, it would have been
►done. Now, at the moment the Chair assigned
the floorto the honorable Senator from Kentucky,
I was endeavoring to obtain the floor, and if the
motion docs not succced to take up this bill, I
shall ask the Senate this morning (and I think it
ought to be done) to take up the bills about which
there is no dispute establishing land offices m the
Territories, so that the maps and necessary pa-
pers can be sent to them, and the public interests
of the country be advanced.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kentucky.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion. If we are going to consider
private business, let us take it in its order.
Several Senators. No yeas and nays on this.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Are the yeas
and nays hsked for?
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for them.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being*
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Cass, Collamer, Critten-
den, Dodge, Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Geyer,
Harlan, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason,
Nourse, Pratt, Seward, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson
ot IVew Jersey, Toombs, Wade, and Weller—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Biggs, Brodhead, Brown,
Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, Houston, Hunter,
Iwrsou, Johnson, Mallory, Pugh, Reid, Rusk, Sebastian,
SlideJl, Stuart, and Trumbull—-22.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the House joint resolution explanatory of
the joint resolution " authorizing the Presidentof
the United States to confer the title of lieutenant
general by brevet/' approved February 15,1855.
As passed by the House of Representatives, it is
as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the joint resolution, approved February 15, 38j5, " author-
izing the President of the United States to confer the title
of lieutenant general by brevet," shall he so construed,
from and after March 29, 1847, in favor of the brevet lieu-
tenant geueiai appointed under the said act, while exercis-
ing command according to that lank, as to entitle him to
the pay, allowances, and staff specified in the fifth s>ection
of the act approved May 28, 1798, u authorizing the Presi-
dent to raise a* provisional army," and also the allowances
described in the sixth section of the act approved August
23, 1819, "granting additional rations to certain officejs:"
Provided, howev^kand it is hereby declared, That the brevet
lieutenant general shall not, except in time of war, be en-
titled to more than two aids and one secretary.
The Committee on Military Affairs reported it
with an amendment, to strike outail after "March
29, 1847,"and insert:
As to entitle the lieutenant genera? appointed under said
act, to the following pay and allowances, viz: pav,$230 per
month, loity rations per day, and §50 per month'tor foiage,
and foui seivnnts, or commutation therefor at $78 per
month.
Mr. WELLER. I simply desire to state what
will be the effect of the amendment. By the act
of 1798, creating the office of brevet lieutenant
general, all the aids who were attached to his
staff were entitled to the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of lieutenant colonel. This joint resolu-
tion as it passed the House of Representatives
gives to the aids of General Scott the pay and
emoluments of a lieutenant colonel in the Army,
extending back top the year 1847. One of his
aids under it will be entitled to $2,520 on hand,
and for the future, of course, to the pay, rank,, and
emoluments of a lieutenant colonel. That po-
sition has been filled by several officers since the
year 1847, and they wquld be entitled to $7,880,
under the resolution as it stands. This the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs regarded as a most un-
just and iniquitous demand. While the Senate
was confenmg additional rank and honors on
General Scott, they never supposed that those
who were in his staff would come here, and ask
for the pay and emoluments of lieutenant colonels
from the year 1847. I am sure it was only the
intention of Congress to give additional honor to
General Scott, and, if necessary, to increase his
salary, but they never supposed that his aids
would come in and claim pay as lieutenant colo-
nels for ten years.
I will state the other amendment. I need not
say that a difficulty has grown up between Gen-
eral Scott and the War Department upon this
question. The correspondence discloses that
fact. The President of the United States over-
ruled the decision of the Secretary of War, and
made additional'allowances to General Scott.
The joint resolution as it passed the House of
Representatives would give to General Scott
§32,500 back pay to the 1st of March next, and
make his pay and emoluments, including fuel and
quarters, $15,000 a year henceforth. If the
amendment proposed by the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs be adopted, which is now the pend-
ing question, his pay hereafter, taking the ration
at thirty cents, at which it has been fixed during
the present session, will be $10,542, including
fuel and quarters. The Committee on Military
Affairs deemed this to be a fair, just, and liberal
allowance to a man who has rendered the most
distinguished services to his country.
I say, then, that the joint resolution without
amendment will make the pay of the lieutenant
general a fraction less than $15,000. If the
amendmentproposed by thecommittee be adopted,
it will make his pay $10,500, including every-
thing; but unless you do amend it, the aids who
