1006
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
cation from the Secretary of War and the Quar-
termaster Genera] read. It was sent to the House
of Representatives, but the House did not insert
these items. I believe they are necessary, and
the committee ordered me to report the amend-
ment. I ask that the communication be read.
The Secretary read as follows: ,
War Department,
Washington, January 24, 1857.
Sir: I have the honor ro transmit heiewith, for the con-
sideration of the Committee of Ways and Mean?, a com-
munication from the CJuartfM master General, bringing to
notice the fact that the appiopnations for his department
for the current year are inadequate to the demands of the
service upon it, and asking that the estimated amount of
the defieieuey, §1,-23-3,056 18. may be appropriated.
The explanation5 of the Quartermaster General as to the
causes that have conspired to produce this condition of his
department ate clearly given, and leave me but to recom-
mend his request to the favoiable actiou of the committee
at as early a day as practicable.
Very lespectfullv, your obedient servant,
" JEFF'N DAVIS, Secretary of War.
lion. L. D. Campbell, Chairmaxk of the Committee of
Ways and Means, House of Representatives,
Quartermaster General's Office,
Washington City, January 31, 1857.
Sir: It is ascertained that the demands upon the Quar-
termaster's department for the present fiscal year will
greatly exceed the appropriations made bv Congress, and
that considerable amounts will be required on account of
clothing £nd equipage, regular supplies^and transportation
of fhe Army.
The appropriation for clothing: and equipage is entirely
exhausted, and tho>c for transportation and regular supplies
so nearly so that I appiehend they will be cntncly exhausted
by the last of next month.
The estimates received from the several military depait-
ments for the first six months of the piesout fiscal year,
most of them approved by the seveial department com-
manders, exceed the whole appiopnations made by Con-
gress for the entire year §279,160. I reduecd those esti-
mates in making my requisitions on the War Depaitincut,
and cut them down $1,143,01)0, or 1 should not on ihe lhst
day of the present month have had a single dollar in the
Treasury for any purpose whatsoever. In many cases [
have no doubt the i eductions were proper; but from the
complaints which have been received, as you are mvaic,
from several ot the military departments in consequence
of the estimates not having been complied with, it i.- appre-
hended that in mo-T cases the reduction* made have laibei
postponed nccess-aiy payments than saved money to the
Trcasuiy.
By a report fmm the officer in charge of the clothing and
equipage branch of the department, dated the 13th instant,
it appears there was due at that date, lor materials foi cloth-
ing and equipage, the sum of .^13#',(/fit* ltf. l-'ot that Mini
an appropriation i&nceess.ny; and it will requite £2tK),0i!0
to provide the mateuals and pay for ihe labor of mnkmgthe
clothing and equipage necessary to be piovuled within the
year, in ordei to make the nevt i^jue to the Aimv.
Two hundred thousand dollars will be lequned for icgu-
iar supplier, and $700,000 lor transportation.
The Aimy cxpenditmes are now controlled in a gteat
degiee by the several department and other commanding
officers, and those officers me controlled bv the encum-
etanceKOfthc sci vice as thev arise,and which, in mo-t cases,
can neither be foieseen nor avoided. Tlic otficcr- of the
quaitermaster's department can be responsible no further
than to apply faithiulty to the public seivtce, under the or-
deis of their military supenors, the means placed at their
disposal, and ho.ir?"tIy to account to the Treasury for the
money and property received.
The extent oi ourcountrv is so gieat, and the operations
of the Army aie cdhbtantly being earned on upon so large a
theater, that the expenses necessarily mom red arc those of
an army upon a war, rather than a peace establishment;
and as our posts shall be pushed furthei out, and the opera-
tions of the troops extended, the expenses thiough the
quartermaster's department, m place of diminishing, must
increase, until the supplies requued by the troops be pro-
duced in the vicinity of the posts, or better, cheaper, and
more rapid means of communication be provided by the
nation.
The estimates here presented are for the smallest sums I
can n*>k consistently with my duty to the country. I would
gladly reduce them, if I could with propriety do so ; but no
reduction ot the amounts a&ked is possible, if the tioopsbe
continued where they aie, and employed as they have been
for the last vear.
I, have the honor to be, sir, respectfully, your obedient
servant. THOMAS S. JE61T\
Quartet rnustej Gtneral.
Hon. Jei-f'n IUvis*, Secretary of War, Washington City.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert:
For the icgular supplier of the quartermaster's depart-
ment, consisting of fuel, ibrag"m kind for the horses, mules.,
and oxen of the quaitennaster'^ department at the several
imhraiy posi= and nations,and with the aimies-m the tield;
for the horses oi the first and second regiments of dragoons,
the companies of light artilleiy, the regiment of mounted
riflemen,arid such '-omparnesohnfaritiy as may be mounted,
and also for the amh'u i^ed number of officer:5 horses when
serving in the field and at the outposts; of sr raw for soldiers'
bedding; and of stationery, including company and other
blank hooks for the Army, certificate* tor di&cuaiged soldiers,
blank forma for the pay and quartermaster's departments,
and for the printing of division and department orders,
Army regulations, and reports, $200,000.
The amendment was agread to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert:
For transportation of the Army, including the baggage of
the troops when moving, either by land or water; of cloth-
ing, camp and garrison equipage, and hoise equipments,
from the depot at Philadelphia to the several po^ts and army
depots ; of subsistence fiom the place of pui chase and from
the places of delivery under contract, to such places as
the circumstauceb of the service may require it to be; sent;
of ordnance, ordnance stores, and small arms, fiom the
founderies and armories to the arsenals, fortification-', fron-
| tier posts, and Army depots; freights, whanage, tolls, and
• ferriages; for the purchase and hire of horses, males, and
i oxen, and the purchase and repair of wagons, carts, diays,
' ships and other sea-gomg vessels, and boats forthcuans-
1 portation of supplies, and for garrison purposesfor diay-
! age and cartage at the several posts; hire of teamster-*;
1 transportation of funds for the pay and other disbursing dc-
paitincnts; the expense of sailing public transport- on the
vanous livers, the Gulf ol Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pa-
cific ; and for procuring water at such posts as from their
situation require it to be broughi from a distance, $700,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add at the end of the bill:
For completing the repairs of the branch Mint at New
Orleans, and rendering the same fireproof, $120,(j(jl.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out the following clause:
For books voted to the members of the House of Repre-
sentative-? by the resolution of said House of July 7,1856,
$183.76f  85: Provided, That one copy only of Hickey's
Constitution shall be purchased for and distributed to each
new member of the House.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to have some reason
for this amendment. I should like to hear the
chairman of the Committee on Finance explain
it.
Mr. HUNTER. The reason for it is, that this
appropriation is contrary to the compensation act
passed last year, which provides that no books
shall be distributed to members of Congress, or
if distributed, that they shall be paid for out of
the compensation of members. It being contrary
to law, and contrary, as we thought, to good
policy, we have moved tostnke it out. Congress
passed a law only at the last session, declaring
that these books should not be received; and after
passing the compensation act, now to reverse our
position, and agree to distribute books, it seems
to mo would place matters in a very bad way.
Mr. SEWARD. Formerly, it was the habit
of both Houses of Confess to vote large sums
for the supply of books for the members of the
House of Representatives and the Senate; and
that practice continued until the 1st of July last
year. In pursuance of that practice — that is
to say, according to the settled custom of both
Houses, the House of Representatives passed a
resolution directing* bof>ks to be procured for the
supply of members, and made that service; a duty
of'the Clerk. The Cleric proceeded to execute
the resolution by purchasing a supply of books—
to what extent I do not know. After he had gone
to some length, whatever it may have been, under
this resolution, Congress reconsidered the general
policy of supplying members with books. Con-
gress passed an act. by which they increased the
compensation of members, giving it the shape of
a salary, and declared that thereafter there should
be no such purchases of books for the use of
members. In that policy I believe the country
has concurred. But here was a previous resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives which was
in part executed, under which, as I understand,
j purchases had already been made by the Clerk
| for the use of the members of the House of Rep-
| resentatives. That House, to which this matter
' belongs, is embarrassed by the question, whether
an appropriation shall be made for the full cost of
all the books ordered by the resolution, or whether
they shall indemnify the Clerk for the outlay
he had already made in executing the resolution
when it was virtually repealed. The House of
Representatives, deciding that, matter for itself, has
_ chosen to sustain its resolution of July last, and
i to require its complete execution. It seems to be
a matter belonging to that House, and not to this.
It appears to melhat it is unnecessary for us to
go into conflict with the House of Representatives
on this subject, by denying to them the right of
deciding the question for themselves. The appro-
priation is not for the use of the Senate, but for
the use*of the House of Representatives; and it
would seem to be discourteous to that House,
and unreasonable in itself, to withhold our con-
sent from the decision they have made in a mat-
ter purely concerning themselves, and yet form-
ally requiring our action.
Mr. BAYARD. As the statement of the hon-
orable Senator from New York does not disclose
the case fully, I shall have to recur to the facts
connected with this transaction, in order to pre-
sent it properly before the Senate. We all know
that the system of furnishing books to members
of Congress had grown to a great abuse. In 1853,
a law was passed, originating in the House of
Representatives, prohibiting the future puichase
of books for distribution among members of Con-
gress. At the last session, the House of Repre-
sentatives passed, in the iirst instance, a joint
resolution, and sent it to the Senate, for the pur-
pose of providing books for the new members,
such as had been distributed among the former
members of Congress. That resolution was re-
ferred by the Senate to the Committee on the
Library. That committee, on examination, ascer-
tained that at least one half of those books, which
in the aggregate amounted to $1,500 for each
member, could not be procured, being out of
print; and therefore the proposition was nomin-
ally to furnish books, but really it was an ap-
propriation of one half the whole sum in money.
With a view to stop this abuse, that committee
agreed to modify the resolution, andthey reported
it back to the Senate with an amendment allow-
ing all books then in print to be furnished, which
reduced the amount to about seven hundred and
fifty dollars for each member. The amendment
was adopted by the Senate. When that joint
resolution, as amended by the Senate, went back
to the House of Representatives, that House laid
it on the table without consideration; andthey
immediately introduced and passed, by the author-
ity of that single body, an order in direct viola-
tion of an existing law—not the law of 1856, but
an existing previous law—directing the Clerk to
purchase §182,000 worth of books, and they sub-
sequently sent to us an appropriation in an appro-
priation bill of the same amount to pay for books
thus ordered to be purchased in violation of law.
The objection I made then, and still make, is, that
ifa single branch of the legislative power can with
impunity violate the law, with what face can you
call upon the citizen to submit to the injunctions
and mandates of the law? When the yeas and
nays were called in the Senate on the question of
striking out that appropriation last year, I believe
there were live votes in favor of retaining it. The
Senate struck it out; and alter the Senate had
struck it out, and it became a matter of disagree-
ment between the two Houses, the compensation
bill came up. The House of Representatives re-
ceded from their proposition to pay for the books,
and the compensation bill was passed, in winch,
against my judgment, they voted an increased
compensation for past time as well as for future
time. In that bill they recognized again the pro-
priety of this principle, by prohibiting the allow-
ance of any books other than those printed by the
public printer during the Congress for which a
member serves, unless they be charged to the
individual, and deducted from his salary.
This resolution of the House of Representa-
tives was prohibited by an antecedent law; and
the Senate, by an almost unanimous vote at the
last session, struck out the appropriation for this
object; and the House of Representatives, when
it came to be a matter of disagreement between
the two bodies, abandoned their position. After
doing that they passed a compensation bill which
was right enough in its general features, but they
threw into it an extra compensation for past time,
to every member of each body, and that passed
both Houses.
Under these circumstances, I think the case is
worse now than it was then. If the Clerk or any
other officer of the House of Representatives,
under an order of that House, lias incurred ex-
penses, even though that order were not legal, I
should not be indisposed to save him from loss if
the case was brought properly before me, and it
was shown that he had contracted liabilities for
which he was personally responsible. No such
case is before us. There was, as I saw by the
papers, some debate in the other House on an
appropriation of $50,000 to indemnify the Clerk,
in lieu of the present proposition. That, however,
did not satisfy a majority of the House; I believe
there was only three majority on the yeas and
nays in favor of this clause in the bill. They
