1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
determined that they would have the money,
though the books could not be had, notwithstand-
ing the increased compensation awarded for past
time in the compensation bill of the last session. I
think this is wrong. I would never interfere with
the contingent expenses of the House of Repre-
sentatives; but this is not a case of contingent ex-
penses. It is a case of an open and direct order,
made m violation of an existing law. This body
is required to act on its own judgment, as well as
the House of Representatives; and by no vote of
mine, under any circumstances, shall such acourse
of action be sanctioned. If such a resolution had
been offered in this body, I should have voted
against it unhesitatingly, as I vote against this
action of the House of Representatives. With
their contingent expenses I have nothing to do; I
should not seek to inquire into them, or interfere
with any orders they may make in that respect.
This does not connect itself with that; but it re-
quires a distinct appropriation, and hero is an
order made in violation of existing law—a law
springing from the House of Representatives
itself at a previous session, sanctioned by the
Senate, intended to prevent this abuse.
The case is much stronger against the appro-
priation now than it was Before. When it was
passed, the pay of members of Congress was cer-
"tainly inadequate. It was under that notion of
the inadequacy of the pay that this abuse had
gone on from its first step of actually furnishing
books, until they came to pass orders for furnish-
ing books which they knew could not be fur-
nished; and it was nothing more than adding
$750 a year—the value of the books in print—
instead of the.books themselves, to the pocket of
each member. We have now remedied the evil
of inadequate pay by making ample compensa-
tion; and in-the compensation bill we have recog-
nized the principle of the previous law, only
enforcing it in a more rigid form, and requiring
all books furnished to members to be charged to
them individually.
I see nothing in the argument of the honorable
Senator from New York which wo^uld justify the
Senate in sanctioning this appropriation. I can
see nothing that would indicate either a want of
courtesy to the House of Representatives, or a
want of propriety m the rejection of this clause.
We should hold ourselves, as well as the House
of Representatives, as legislative bodies, as much
bound to obey the law as we should hold the
President of the United States or the humblest
citizen in the land. You can cxpect the sanction
of your laws to have no influence among your
people when they see your legislative and execu-
tive bodies willfully putting them at defiance for
purposes personal to themselves, and with a view
to emoluments, which, placed in a direct form
before their constituents, they would shrink from
sustaining. I hope the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance striking out this provision will
be adopted.
Mr. NOURSE. I am as much opposed as any
Senator to providing extra compensation for mem-
bers by indirect means; and if I supposed that it
was contemplated by this act to reinaugurate that
system, I should certainly be opposed to it at all
hazards; but I understand this to be the state of
the case; The House of Representatives, in its
accustomed way, passed a resolution that certain
books should be furnished to members; and the
Clerk of the House, in obedience to that resolu-
tion, and according to the ordinary course of
business, ordered those books to be printedfor
the purpose of complying with their resolution.
A debt has thereby been incurred, and it has to
be paid by somebody and in some way. It is
only because that debt has been so incurred that
it is now proposed to make this distribution.
Evidently, that must be paid in some way; and
the simple question is, shall it be paid in this or
some other way? I have no preference for this
mode; but, inasmuch as I well know that Con-
gress will pay it some time or other, and in some
way or other, 1 would prefer that it should be
disposed of now.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Maine is entirely mistaken in his facts, and, there-
fore, his argument cannot go for much. It was
not the accustomed way, because it had been ex-
pressly foreclosed by a previous law, passed in
consequence of this abuse—a law passed by the
House of Representatives in the first instance and
sanctioned by the Senate. As I stated, they sent us
a joint resolution last year, impliedly for that par-
ticular occasion, repealing the law. That joint
resolutioo came to us. It provided for furnishing
books; and we modified it, cutting it down one half.
Thinking the abuse might be gradually stopped
in that way, we limited the joint resolution to
those books which could be had. If this had not
been done, the costof the books which could not
be obtained would be paid in money, £750 to
each new member. The Senate Committee on
the Library recommended that modification, and
the Senate agreed to it as an amendment to the
House joint resolution. It went back to the
House, and they laid it on the table without any
consideration; and they then passed a separate
resolution of the House of Representatives, di-
rectly in the face of the existing law, authorizing
the Clerk of the House to purchase books to the
amountof p82,000,and to distribute themamong
the members. I do not think that is an accus-
tomed way in the Congress of the United States.
It had been the custom, antecedent to the law of
1853, to furnish certain books and documents to
members; but the abuses under that custom were
so great, the fact that many of the books were out
of print, and it had become notorious that the
members took the money and not the books,
made it necessary to break up that system; hence
the law of 1853.
Gentlemen urge that the Clerk of the House
has incurred debts. To that'the answer is plain:
we have no evidence of it. On the contrary, look
at the debate in the House of Representatives,
and you will find the extent of the allegation,
without any items being given^ or any evidence
presented, that the sum of #50,000 was necessary
to indemnify the Clerk for the purchases made
under the House resolution. As I said before, if
you will bnngthe case before me, and show that
that officer is responsible, under contracts he has
made, that there is a debt incurred which will fall
on him individually if we do not pay it, I am
willing to pay it, though it is an abuse; but this
appropriation goes far beyond that, and is in-
tended not merely to pay the liabilities, if any,
that the Clerk has incurred, but it is intended
now to pay to each new member of the House of
Representatives nearly $1,500 in addition to the
increased salary he receives during the present
session by a retrospective law.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Maine
seemed to suppose that the whole $182,000 had
been expended by the Clerk. I believe there is
no pretense that more than between $40,000 and
$50,000 ever was expended by him.
Mr. NOURSE. I understood that the amount
was about $50,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Dera-
ware has placed this question before the Senate
in its true light; but m these matters it is always
best to be exactly accurate; and I wish to call the
attention of the Senate to what has heretofore
occurred on the appropriation now before it. In
1853, by the act of 3d'of March, we passed this
law:
" Hereafter nfl bonks shall bo distributed to members of
Congiess, exccpt such as are ordered to be printed as doc-
uments by tiie Congress of which they are members."
There is an exception which has no reference
to the case before us. Here, then, wasa positive
prohibition upon each branch of Congress against
the distribution of books as the practice had there-
tofore existed. The House of Representatives,
knowing that to be the fact, sent to this body a
joint resolution, by which alone could the act of
1853 be repealed, each House being deprived by
that act of the power of making the distribution.
It sent to us, therefore,a joint resolution. 1 have
in my hands the second part of the Congressional
Globe for the first session of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress; and on the 19 th of June last I find that
the Senator from .Maryland, [Mr. Pearce,] the
chairman of the Committee on the Library, re-
ported back to this body the joint resolution sent
to Us by the House, with a report declaring sub-
stantially what my friend from Delaware has
stated—that the books which it was proposed to
be distributed could not be bought; that the Com-
mittee on the Library had inquired into the state
of the facts, and had so modified the joint reso-
lution as to restrict the distribution of books to
such as could be bought; and in that amended
shape the joint resolution passed this body.
We heard nothing more of it until the legisla-
tive appropriation bill was brought in, and then
we were informed by the action of the House of
Representatives that they had openly violated the
law. They had laid the joint resolution upon the
table, and had assumed, in direct violation of a
positive statute, by a separate resolution of that
body, to make a distribution of books amongst
its members—not amongst the new members of
both bodies, but amongst-the members of the
House of Representatives alone, to be paid for
out of its contingent fund; and they sent us a bill
here containing an appropriation for $182,000 for
their contingent fund, in order to enable them to
carry out this distribution which they were at-
tempting to make in direct violation of law. What
occurred then ? The bill camo before the Senate
the 11th of August, and the Senator from Dela-
ware made the motion to strike out of the bill the
words:
" For books voted to the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, &c., $182,000."
On this motion the vote was, yeas 32, nays 2;
and among the yeas, among the gentlemen who
voted for striking out, was the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward,] who now asks for inform-
ation. We sent the bill back to the House of
Representatives with this appropriation stricken
out. They insflted upon keeping it in. A com-
mittee of conference was appointed, and upon the
report of that committee of conference, the ques-
tion was, whether the Senate would insist on
their amendment to strike out the appropriation
for books voted to members of the House of
Representatives. On motion of the Senator from
Missouri, [Mr.GETER,] this amendment was in-
sisted on, and the yeas and nays being called, the
yeas were 40, and the nays 3. Among the yeas,
to insist on this amendment, was the honorable
Senator from New York, who now asks for in-
formation upon the subject.
Here, then, by three votes of the Senate, first
the joint resolution was amended, and the Senate
refused to order the distribution of any other
books than those comprehended in its joint reso-
lution; then the Senate, by two votes, which.may
practically be considered unanimous, refused to
make this appropriation for a distribution at-
tempted by the House ofRepresentatives, in direct
violation of a law which itself had proposed; and
to crown the whole, the House of Representa-
tives,unable to procure this distribution of books,
when we sent to it a law providing for the in-
crease of the compensation of members of Con-
gress, amended that law so as to make the increase
of compensation date back to the commencement
of their own term. That law passed the Senate,
and Aook away the last pretext for a demand that
their compensation should be increased indirectly,
as had always formerly been the case by the vote
of these books. That law, again, prohibited the
allowance of any books for distribution among
members of Congress. That law, then, did no
more than repeat the act of 1853; so that before
this resolution, and after this resolution, both
Houses have, by positive statute, prohibited this
distribution.
Now, sir, we are asked to stultify ourselves,
to go back upon all our votes, and to countenance
what I cannot but consider a stupendous fraud
upon the public. It is a fraud upon the law; it is
a fraud upon Congress that this sum of money
should be paid out for the purposes requiied by
i this appropriation. It was prohibited at the time
■ it was proposed. It was done knowingly in
1 violation of law; and as the Senator from Dela-
| ware has well observed, if we sanction this, if the
different branches of Congress shall themselves
j undertake directly to violate their own laws, we
! can have very little hope that any appeal of ours
| to the country to respect the mandates of the Jaw-
i giver will meet a response from them. The
matter is wrong—wrong from the foundation, and
I should be frowned down by the Senate.
! Mr. NOURSE. I wish to say, in justice to
1 myself, that I did not understand, when I ad-
i dressed the Chair before, that the resolution of
i the House of Representatives by which this
i expenditure had been incurred, was in violation
j of the joint vote of the two Houses. That being
! the fact, I have not a word to say in its favor.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish to go over
the orounds of objection to the appropriation now
proposed to be stricken out. I think them insur-
