1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
February 28.
xnountable; but after all, there is a demand for
something to be done. It is said that the Clerk
of the House of Representatives has, under the
resolution of that House for furnishing its own
members with books, there being no provision
for furnishing them to Senators, actually paid out
money and distributed some books. When the
compensation act was passed, which forbade their
taking books, he stopped doing so. The Clerk
is in this condition, with money out of pocket.
When this clause shall be stricken out, I propose
to offer an amendment, which I will read now, as
it may affect the action of some gentlemen in
voting on the motion to strike out. My propo-
sition is, in lieu of the provision of the House bill,
to provide:
To indemnify the Clerk of the House of Representatives
for what may have been paid out by him in the purchase
of books under the resolution of t&e House of July 7, 1856,
£50,003 : Provided, That the account of the Clerk shall be
submitted to the accounting officers of the Treasury, and
he shall be allowed for the :>um or sums which shall be
legally proven to have been actually and unconditionally
heretofore expended by him in the purchase of any books
under the resolution aforesaid. And all ttie books on hand,
or which may not have been di-tnbutcd, shall be by hnn
deposited in the Libraivof Congress for the United States:
And -proruled further, Tii.it an\ member or members who
may have leccivcd Mich book-, or any pait theieof. shall
account lor the Mine at the co*<t prices paid by the Clerk,
and tiie same shall be deducted fiom t'ie pay or compensa-
tion of such membci or members, ui^§.-s he or they shall
return said books to the Ckuk.to be deposited as al'oie>aid.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Poor in
the chair.) It is in order now to propose that
amendment to the clause which the Committee
on Finance move to strike out. That will be
considered the proposition before the Senate, to
strike out the clause of the bill which has been
read, and insert in lieu thereof the proposition of
the Senator from Vermont.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add at the end of the bill:
Foi defiaving expenses of the d< fense of suiN against the
United States lor land-occupied by m.ume hospitals, h<rht-
hon-C--;, and Jollification-, at the haibor of San Frajioi-co?
CahtbiiiKi, £3j.0jiJ.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tlie next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add:
To defray expenses incurred in preparing plans and esti-
mates of the co ^t of a new jaii for the District of Columbia,
and of a building for the pioper accommodation of the De-
partment ol the interior, $500
Air. ADAMS. I inquire whether that is a
deficiency or not>
Mr. HUNTER. The work was done in pur-
suance of an order made at the last session of
Congress, during the present fiscal year, and it
ought to be paid for m this year.
The amendment was agreed to. *
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add, as a new section:
And he it further eancteL That the extra compensation
given by each of the two Houses of Congress, in the year
1853, to it* ofi'icrs .aid employ^, shall be paid by its dis-
tuning officer out of the eontmgentfund. and his accounts
theieior shall be allowed by the accounting officers o( the
Treasury Depaitineni; but nothing heiein contained .-hall
be so con->tiucd as to icpcal the joint resolution of the20th
of July, 1854, t; to fix the compensation of the emplnjds in
the legislative department of the Government, and to pio-
hibit tbe allowance of the usual extra compensation to such
as receive the benefit-* hereof;" which said icsolution is
hereby declared to be in full force and effect, except so tar
os herein provided lor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add, as a new section:
Aw! Ac d further caacted, That the provi-ion of the thh-
tcenth .section ol the actmaking appiopnations for certain
civil expen.-es of the Government for the vcar ending the
30th ol Juno, IS57," approved August 18, 1856, allowing to
the several disbuK-ing agents for the late California land
commission the same compensation for the receipt and
disbursement of moneys as are allowed to other disbursing
office!s of the Government in California, was intended to
apply, and is hereby declaicd to appiy and give said com-
pensation a.- well when the disbursing agent was a member
of said commission, as m otliei cases.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. WADE. I am directed by the Committee
on Claims to offer the following amendment:
To pay arrears of pensions under the second section of
the act of Febiuary 3, 1853, from the 4th of March, 1848,
to the of Februaiy, 1853, m accordance with the decis-
ion of ihe Court of Claim* in the case of Jane Smith, the
sum of $1,150,0(30. t
Mr. HUNTER. I hope that will be explained.
I do not understand it.
Air. WADE. I am aware that this proposi-
tion involves a large sum, and I suppose it will
challenge the investigation of members of the
Senate. It is an important amendment; and if it
is adjudged to be light, it should be attached' to
this appropriation bill. I do not understand that
it proposes to give anything new to this class of
revolutionary widows. It does not propose to
give anything out of the Treasury. It is merely
giving effect to the construction of a law that has
been deliberately construed by the Court of Claims
in a decision which is before us. Quite a number
of cases have been brought before that court, and
they continue to be brought there, involving the
question now before the Senate as to the con-
struction of the law of 1853. If the Senate shall
kdopt the construction which the Court of Claims
j have, after most thorough and deliberate consul*
• eration, given to that act, it follows that the rights
of this class of widows have already attached to
the money which this amendment proposes to
give them. It proposes, as I said before, to make
no new appropriation in their favor. If I am
right, if the Court of Claims are right, if the com-
mittees of both branches of Congress are right
in the construction they put on the existing law
of 1853, this is only an appropriation to carry
into effect an existing law, and I suppose, there-
fore, it is in order, right, proper, and just, that it
should be placed here. „
Mr. HUNTER. Was it reported from the
Committee on Claims?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir, and it is, therefore,
legitimately before the Senate. I have taken no
interest in this matter, except that being o mem-
ber of that committee, to whom all decisions of
the Court of Claifns come, my attention has been
called to them. They have made several decisions
on this law, and undoubtedly there will be still
more; for the Department estimates that there will
be something more than a million of dollars ne-
cessary to meet these demands under the law of
1853.
The construction of the laws of 1848 and 1853
would lead to a discussion that lawyers might
indulge m at considerable length; but I shall not
m the first instance go into an examination of that
course of reasoning which has brought the Court
of Claims to the conclusion to which they have
come, because I think, at all events, if the Court
of Claims are to stand as a court, we ought to
pay some respect to the decisions they make. If
there is any subject that can come before that
learned and able court, which is legitimate and
proper for them to act upon, it is the construction
of the laws of Congress, and such claims as? call
directly for the deliberate construction of those
laws by a court of justice. There never was and
tfcer e never can be a case submitted to that court,
where it is more legitimate and proper that their
decision should bind the rights of the Govern-
ment, and of the parties litigant, than here. There
is no latitude of construction, there are no equi-
table considerations in the case; but it is a dry
question as to the construction of the laws that
Congress has deliberately passed.
I remember very well (for I was Jiere when the
law of 1853 was passed, and I believe many Sen-
ators will remember something of the history of
that law) that the Senator from Maine [Mr. Ham-
lin] offered the amendment which was incorpo-
rated into it, and has given rise to this question.
I knew well what his opinion was as to the true
construction of the law. He argued that it was
to extend back, giving retrospective operation to
the law of 1848; and fui the best of all reasons.
If I were disposed to go into that subject now I
think I should be able to show that there could
not be a question as to the propriety of the con-
struction nf the court. There have been three
different laws giving rights to the widows of rev-
olutionary soldiers. They are all of them differ-
ent, and no one of them has made the pension
commence immediately after flic enactment of the
law; but in every instance u has had a retrospect-
live operation, commencing at some time antece-
dent to the passage of the law. The amount and
value of the pensions were different also. In 1848
we passed a law which enacted:
II That the widows of all officer;?, non-commissioned
officers* musicians, soldiers, mariners, or maiines, and In-
dian spies, who shall have served in the continental line,
State troops, volunteers, militia, or m the naval service, m
the revolutionary war with Great Britain, shall be entitled
to a pension duungsuch widowhood, of equal amount per
annum that their husbands would have been entitled to if
living, under existing pension laws ; to commence on the
4th day of March, 1848, and to be paid in the same, manner
that other pensions arc paid to widows."
This language was broad enough to embrace all
widows who had married revolutionary soldiers
at any time; but then comes a clause by way of
proviso:
" But no widow now receiving a pension shall be entitled
to receive a further pension under the piovisions of tln«s act;
and no widow, mairied after the l^t day uf Januaiv, 1800,
shall be entitled to leeeive a pension under this act."
All the widows of revolutionary officers and
soldiers would have been entitled to the benefits
of the act of 1848, at the time of its passage, but
for the clause, byway of proviso, excepting those
who were married after January 1, 1800. If that
proviso has been repealed in terms or impliedly
by subsequent enactments entirely repugnant to
and inconsistent with it, of course all widows of
revolutionary soldiers, no matter at what time
they were married, are entitled to the benefits of
the act. It will be admitted by every lawyer,
that when a former enactment by way of proviso
is inconsistent with subsequent legislation so that
they cannot be reconciled, the proviso is repealed.
Now, sir, what said the law of 2853 on this
subject? I will remark, in passing, that there is
no pension law that refers to this particular period
of time, 1800, as a limitation, except the law of
1848. The two other acts upon the same subject
refer to different periods altogether. None of
them prescribe this limitation. The year 1800
becomes a period of limitation, for the first time,
in the law of 1848. In 1853, Congress took up
the same subject and passed another law. The
second section of that law reads in this way:
•^That the widows of all officer-, non-commissioned
officer*, musicians, and privates of the revointionaiy army
who weie mauied subsequent to January, anno Domini
l^ui), shall be entitled to a pension in the same manner as
thocu who were married before that date.51
They are entitled to pensions " in the same
manner"—those are the words to which construc-
tion is to be given. All revolutionary widows
would have been pensioned by the law of 1848;
but the pnn iso excluded those who were married
subsequent to that time.
Now comes the law of 1853, saying that all
widows married after that time shall be pensioned
in the same manner as those under the act of 1848.
What pension shall they receive ? When shall
it commence, what shall be its amount, and when
shall it cease? The law of 1853 is entirely silent,
and does not respond to one of these questions:
so that it might well be said the law would be
void for uncertainty, unless it referred to some
antecedent legislation on the same subject. It
did most manifestly refer to legislation antecedent
to that date. To what law did it refer? The prior
law of 1848 refers to the year 1800 as a date to
which pensions were limited, and it is the only
law which does so. The act of 1853 provides that
widows married after January, 1800, shall in like
manner be pensioned. Now you have to refer to
some prior law, if you do not say this act is void
for uncertainty, and the Departments do not say
that. They go back to the law of 1848 for the
purpose of ascertaining the precise amount of
pension. They are compelled to go there for that
purpose; they are willing to go there for that pur-
pose, because it is most manifest that those who
passed this law of 1833, as to the amount, com-
mencement, and determination of the pensions
they were granting, referred to this prior law and
nothing else. They referred to it to ascertain the
amount and the duiatiou of the pension. Why
not as to its commencement^ What reason can
bo given, especially as this legislation is repugnant
to the law that preceded it r
I am not going into an elaborate argument on
this subject, because the Court of Claims, com-
posed, I suppose and believe from their reputa-
tion, of some of the best lawyers in this country,
of great experience both at the bar and on the
bench, sitting judicially to determine this ques-
tion, on full argument, have come to a conclusion
more, satisfactory than any argument of mine
could be. The case is summed up by the court
in a very brief space, and any Senator, by look-
ing over the reasons for the construction of the
court, will bom full possession of all the argument
that need be made to show that rhey are right.
_ But, Mr. President, I wish that some conclu-
sion shall be very soon arrived at as to what
