1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
1848, provided for the widows of those who had
served in the anny of the Revolution only, and
who, if iheirhusbandshad been living, would have
been entitled, under the act of June 7, 1832, if
married previously to the year 1794, should be
entitled to a pension from March 4, 1848, equal
in amount to that to which their husbands, if
living, would have been entitled. Then the act of
July 29, 1848, provided for the widows of those
who had served either in the army of the Revo-
lution, or in the war with Mexico, or in the In-
dian wars, and gave to them the same pensions to
which their husbands would have been entitled,
providing, however, in the case of revolutionary
widows, that they should have been married be-
fore 1800; and it also authorized the payment to
be made from March 4,1848, like the act of Feb-
ruary 2, 1848. Then came the act of 1853, and,
as the second section of that act is very short, I
will read it:
" JliuL be it further enacted, That the widows of all offi-
cers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, anil privates
of the revolulionary army, who were mairied subsequent
to January, 1800, shall be entitled to a pension in the same
manner as those who were married before that date."
Now the question is, whether these widows
thus provided for, shall bo entitled to pensions ill
the same manner as those provided for in the act
of February 2,1848; and that is all the question
there is in the case. The Department in the first
questions was called on to construe the law, and
decided that they were not entitled like the widows
provided for in the act of February 2, 1848. One
of the widows, however, brought her case before
the Court of Claims, and that court, as it was
manifestly its duty to do, decided upon the con-
struction of the second section of the law of Feb-
ruary 3, 1853, which I have read; and the unani-
mous decision of that court, as has been stated
by Senators who have preceded me, is that those
widows were entitled to receive their pensions
from March 4, 1848, which was " the same man-
ner" in which the other widows were entitled to
receive their pensions under the act of February
2, 1848.
The question is, shall we appropriate the money
to pay these widows. If we do not, do we not
refuse to pay a manifest debt of the Government ?
And, in addition to that, is not the reason why we
do not pay it such a reason as the Senate ought not
to give ? The reason substantially urged by the
Senator from Michigan is this: It may be that the
Senate will not be of the same opinion in regard
to this law that the Court of Claims have ex-
pressed; and it may be that the Senate will coin-
cide with the Department in the construction of
this law. What does that mean but that the Sen-
ate, after they have passed a law, shall construe
the law which they have passed ? I deny that the
Senate have any power to do that. It is not our
department. We arc a coordinate branch of the
legislative department of the Government, but we
are not the judicial part of this'Government; and
when the Congress of the United States shall be-
come the judicial and legislative branches, they
v/illhave taken one step certainly towards making
this Government a despotism; for where the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial departments of a
Government become vested in one body, there is
a despotism. I say it is our duty to enact and
pass laws; it is the duty of the courts to give them
a. construction. The Court of Claims—a very
competent court—has given a construction to this
law. Now I say it is our duty to do one of two
things: either make an appropriation to pay the
debt, or repeal the law. Here is a law which,
with great deference to the Senate, I say it is not
our province to give a construction to. That is
the province of the judicial tribunals, and they
have given it a construction. Now, I say, pay
the money which the Government owes as a debt,
or else repeal the law; but do not say we will not
pay the debt, and yet leave a law standing which j
enables any persons to call on us, claiming that i
we owe them a debt. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. Suppose we repeal the j
law, will it change the rights of these parties ? j
Mr. FOSTER. They certainly have a vested j
right up to this time. I only alluded to that point
to show that we can cut them off for the future; ,
but at least, if the Congress of the United States j
are willing to trust the courts of the Government i
to decide between the Government and the cit- i
izens, we owe the debt up to this time. As my >
friend from Maine properly suggests, in reply to
my suggestion, if we fepeal the law we do not
get rid of the debt up to this time, though we may,
in our dignity, folu our arms, and say we will
not pay. That we have the power to do. A debt
exists; we can, however, repeal the law, and pre-
vent it from continuing as a claim against the
Government if we please. I should not be in
favor of it myself, and I trust the Senate would
not be. That would leave the amount of the pen-
sions due to these widows, two thousand seven
hundred in number, from the 4th of March, 1848,
to February 3, 1853. That whole debt would
be due if we repealed the law to-day; and if the
Government could be treated like a citizen, and
the claim could be prosecuted before the tribunals
of the country, execution could be got against
the Government, and its property taken to pay
the debt. I think we ought to seta better example
than that to our citizcns. We ought at least to
do what we compel our citizens to do aftera debt
has been established by competent authority—
we ought to pay it.
_ Mr. GREEN. I am very anxious to see this
bill got out of the way, in order to afford us an
opportunity to take up other bills .now pending
before us of very great local importance to dif-
ferent sections of the Union, such as the bill to
provide for the payment of horses lost in the
Mexican war; and it is not to consume time that
I rise reluctantly to say anything upon the sub-
ject.
This question has been before the Committee
on Pensions. We have considered it, and'we
have come to a conclusion upon it; and 1 have
waited to see if some of the members of that com-
mittee with more experience than myself would
not vindicate the course we have taken on this
subject. They not having done it, it is due to
them as well as to myself, that I should give our
construction of this law. Itisnottobe piesented
in the light in which the honorable Senator from
Maine [Mr. Fessenden] presents it, as a ques-
tion of justice. When you bring it up as a ques-
tion of justice, I trust that I, as one Senator, and
every other Senator on the Committee on Pen-
sions, will be ready to do justice; but that is not
the question now. It is a question of law. Isit
the existing law of the land to pay this money ?
If it be not the legal obligation of the Govern-
ment, under existing provisions of statute, talk
not to me of justice. Justice is the rectification
of that wherein the law, by reason of its univer-
sality, is deficient. •
I undertake to say, with due deference to the
Court of Claims, that this is not the law. And I
intend, by a very short argument, to prove it, to
my own satisfaction—not that I would desire to
force my opinions on the Senate as being right,
merely because they are mine, by any means; for
while my manner is positive, and while I have
settled convictions of right, I have no desire to
dictate to others or control them in their judg-
ment. I merely throw out my thoughts for con-
sideration. If they are right, espouse them and
act on them; if wrong, condemn them.
The Court of Claims has been referred to by
the honorable Senator from Connecticut [Mr.
Foster] as being a court invested with power
to decide. Such is not its character. It has the
power to investigate and report, just as your com-
mittees have; but under the law organizing this
Court, whatever conclusion it draws from an ex-
amination of a case, it must report for our action.
Hence we cannot refer to it in the language of
the law as re? judicata. It is not a thing settled;
it is simply a conclusion drawn by an investi-
gating tribunal. On questions of fact, where they
have a good opportunity to collect the facts by
cross-examination and reexamination, I will take
their decision in preference to any that our com-
mittees could come to; but on all questions of
law and questions of right, taking the facts as
thus deduced from their investigation, I will
draw whatever conclusions I may believe to be
just and proper. I will look to that court as the
best means of ascertaining the truth of a prop-
osition, for they have the power of subpenaing
witnesses, and the power of taking depositions,
which we have not or do not ordinarily exer-
cise; and for that reason I look to them mainly
to ascertain the facts of a cause; but I do not
look to the Court of Claims to decide a ques-
tion as being a determination of a thing. We
still have the right and duty to revise and cor-
rect it; and for that reason the law of Congress
creating that court says their report shall be laid
before us; and this body and the other-House,
the coordinate branches of Congress, do not even
then act on it, but refer it to a proper committee
for reexamination; and when that process has
been gone through, we pass judgment on the
action of both these committees or tribunals. It
is no court in the proper sense of a court. When
you speak of a court in the sense of the common
law, this is not a court; it is a mere tribunal of
investigation.
I make these remarks to justify the criticism I
shall pass on the report they have made in this
case. What is that report? A law was passed in
1848 giving pensions to a certain class of widows
of deceased revolutionary soldiers. By a special
provision of that law, it was to take effect anterior
to its passage. I desire the honorable Senator
from Maine and the honorable Senator from Con-
necticut to notice the fact that, by the general
principles oflegisiation recognized m the United
States, no law can take effect at an anterior period
without special provision. No law can be retro-
spective unless there is a special provision in the
law to make it retrospective. If you look to the
pension act of 1838, it is retrospective; it refers
back to the year 1836. If you look to the pension
law of J 832, passed for the benefit of the soldier
himself, you find that it is retrospective, and re-
lates back to 1831. If you look to the law of 1848,
you find that it is retrospective, and relates back
to the beginning of the year 1848. If you look
to the law of 1853, which is now the subject of
consideration, it is not retrospective. It is an
extension of the pension list, so as to embrace a
larger class of widows. By the law of 1848, a
widiw must have been married before the year
1800 to entitle her to a pension. Experience had
shown that this excluded a very large and mer-
itorious class of widows who ought to be sup-
ported by this Government, and I subscribe
heartily to that sentiment. It was found that the
fixing of the arbitrary rule of 1800 was unjust.
Ill 1853, to remedy that defect in the law of 1848,
or in other words to make it more general than
the law of 1848, they passed a law saying that
if they had been married to meritorious soldiers
who fought in the defense of our liberty at any
time, they should enjoy the bounty of this Gov-
ernment. But to what dale does it refer ? In the
absence of any special provision, it always must,
of necessity, refer to the date of the passage of
tile law. This is the general rule of legislation;
it is the recognized common law pervading the
entire Union. The Court of Claims being con-
scious of this fact, knowing well, as every lawyer
in this land must know well, that a law can only
take effect from the date of its passage, unless
there be a special provision in the bestowments
of a bounty referring it back to an anterior date,
they took up a specious process of reasoning for
the purpose of fastening on it an anterior opera-
tion.
What is that process of reasoning? They say
the law of 1848 gave a pension subject to four
conditions: "first, h#r husband must have be-
longed to one of the classes specified; second, he
must have been entitled to a pension; third, she
must not be already in the receipt of a pension;
fourth, she must have been married before the
1st day of January, 1800." These are just the
points and conditions to which I have heretofore
referred. They then say that the law of 1853
simply enlarges the operation of that act, and
intends that this eulargementshall take effect from
the 1st of January, 1848. I say not, because the
law does not say it. As I before remarked, the
Courtof Claims were conscious that no law could
take retrospective effect without special provision;
but the court seek to give it a retrospective oper-
ation by this argument. The law of 1853 says,
that though widows have married subsequent to
1800, they shall have this bounty—they shall have
the benefit of the law of 1848 in the same manner
as those who were married prior to 1800: and they
take the words " in the same manner" as justi-
fying them in giving it a retrospective operation.
I deny their authority to do that; and if y6u look
at the argument by which they sustain it, you
i will see it is most fallacious and absurd—that is,
' in my conception, not in the conception of the
I Court of Claims, What is the argument ? What
