1016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
that is in possession of all the facts, knows what
the difficult'^ ara that arc to be remedied, and has
said that this is the way to remedy them. If the
Senate is not disposed to do that—and that is all
I wish to present—it amounts to doing nothing. ;
As to the suggestion of now drawing a bili which 1
shall clothe the courts of New Mexico with this ;
authority, it cannot be done at this session of i
Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 have no very particular
belief in the infallibility of the Department of the
Interior, and this looks to me very much like a
bill for creating and multiplying offices. I move
to lay it on the table.
Mr. WELLER.. I desire to say that nothing
has operated so disastrously on the interest of
California as the land commission organized in
1851 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have moved to lay the
bill on the table.
.Mr. WELLER. Does the Chair entertain
that motion ?
The 1>RESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not hear the motion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I made the motion.
ThcPRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to lay the bill on the taMe.
Mr. STUART called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 22, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—IVIe^is 15a\.ir<l, Hell ot'Tenne-^ec, Uenjaimn.
Biqler, Clay. Ooll.imei, Dndee, Evan--, i'V -"mien, 1VU,
Fitzpatriek, (.lever, Houston. Hunter, M.^on, Nours-e, iteid,
Thompson of Kentucky, Tjuinlmil, Wade, Weilei, and
Wilson—22.
nay 3—Mc-xis Alien, (?> ittende'j, Fitch. Font Fo-ter,
Greeu, H.ulan, iveivon, Malioiy. I'n^b, Rumc, ^cba^tmn,
Seward, Slide!!. Stuart, and Toooibs-lb,
So the bill was ordered to he on the table.
CAMELS AND DROMEDARIES.
Mr. RUSK submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolved, That fi\e thmi-and e\tm copies of the?ep<>ri
of the Swtetury oi YVni, < onimnnieated umiei a je^oluuun
of the Sen.ilf of tin* Oil in>i.inf, ir*>perninj the pniHj.w* of
camels and droniedarn'-* 101 pnrpo>e^ oi nuiuuiy nuri^por-
tauon, be pieited lor tuo u>e oi tile Seiuie.
governor geary's correspondence.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was consideied by unanimous con-
Kent, and agreed to:
HcsoIffJ, That the Pr< ^uh'iit of the ITnited Sprites be
requeued to ennnuumeale to the Senate ail the eouevpotul-
eneo with Guvei nor J W. Ct ai\, eoncenun? the affairs ol
the Tcmtoiy of Kan^a<, net heietoJore coiiiniumeated to
Congress.
franklin square.
Mr. FOSTER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Tlc^nlrrd, Tint tin- (Mmnuriee mi t!iA Pi-^not of f'oJum-
bia be m'-tiueted to in-piue into the exp^dieney of making
an apptopmiunn {• n* I'lelo.-'inu and <r*acLn^; Fi anklm >quare,
in the city of Wa-iinuL'ton. and planting the ><uue with
tiees.
espy's meteorological report.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the report of the Committee
onPrintmgon the following resolution, originally
submitted by hnn:
Resolved, Thru there be punted, m 'tddiuon to the u^unl
jiurnbei, thref thmwind copies or I'rnfe. --or C-*;vy N fouith
jneteoiolo^ico.l u-port, '.villi .-eventy of the maps ueeom-
p.mj intr the -ame.
Mr. HUNTER. I ihink the Senator Hons
Arkansas [Mr. Joux-soxj expressed to me some
opposition to that resolution.
Mr. TOOMIN. He reported it himself.
Mr. HUNTER. By order of the committee
though; he dissented.
Mr, TGOM lie tohl me he was in favor
of it, and that ho wou'd call it up.
Air. MALLOR i. 1 know something about
that metcoiologuMl journal. I brought it to the
attention of the Sn\stc once before, <uid I should
hke to have some explanation of the proposi-
tion.
Mr. TOOMBS. T -^'11 i-ive if with pleasure.
This genthmirn has b<*f n, t-s is well known, in
the pay of the Government for fifteen years. As
to the %alue of ;hes( lu'-feorologieal observations,
I have the highest evidence both from Europe
and this country. I have before me letters on tho
subject from Profe&sor Henry; and the Senator
from Maryland [Mr. Pierce] read, only lastyear, >
letters from Arago and some of the most distin- ;
guished savans in France and Germany. I have .
had occasion for the last eight or ten years to j
know this old gentlemen. It is true he had some ;
controversies with a naval man; but I hope the j
! gentleman from Florida will not put in against ,
my old friend, who, whether others weie plun- |
dcring from him or not, cannot print this report |
himself. I think the only reason is that some j
quarrel has grown up, between him and Lieu- ;
tenant Maury, whether or not Maury is not
making free use of his labors. This gentleman
is an able man, whose reports have been printed
for fifteen years with great advantage to science.
The letters to which I alluded are now on my
desk, and I can read them—the testimony of the
most scientific men in this country and Europe.
I know him to be a man of exceedingly gieat
worth and merit. He has been in the employ of
the Government for ten or fifteen years.
Mr. MALLORY. What quarrel or misun-
derstanding he has had with {< a naval mem," to
which the Senator refers, I do not know and never
heard. I know nothing about that. It is pro-
posed to print three thousand extra copies of this
report. In former years this motion was referred
to the Naval Committee; and when my friend
from California [Mr. Gwin] was chairman of
that committee, 1 remember distinctly we had
occasion to examine the subject for ourselves. I
do not think this report has been published for
many years.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is the only one which
has not been published. The first, second, and
third annual reports were regularly printed and
sent abroad.
Mr. MALLORY. There was none printed
last year.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the one I want to
print now.
Mr. MALLORY. How many years have
elapsed since the la>t one was printed ?
Air. TOOVIJ3S. 1 am told by the Senator on
my right, [Mr. EosTF.'t,] thnt it was ni lb'53.
Mr. FOSTER. That is my recollection.
Mr. MALLORY. At that time the Naval
Committee examined the subject. These meteor-
ological reports consist of observations, as I
understand, ot the thermometer, barometer, &c.,
which obsei vations arc made at every naval
hospital, and at every naval station in the United
States. If -hey are essential to the Government,
the committee took the ground that they ought
to be made at tho Observatory. It is really an
expenditure that does not bring to the country, in
my judgment, the slightest particle of value. I
indorse what the Senator from Georgia says as
to this gentleman being employed by the Govern-
ment, and if we keep him m our employ we ought
to ppy lura. I concede that. Without making
further opposition, I will say that when the sub-
ject came before the .\aval Committee last, the
papers were laid aside m the committee room,
and were not j>ubhshed, because they were not
deemed by the committee of sufficient importance
to justify that expense.
Mr. TOOMBS. They have been before the
committee; they have been examined by the most
scientific men we have about here in connection
with this Government—gentlemen who are in
every way o.ualified for it. The Senator is en-
tirely mistaken. The most important part of
theS'-' maps is the theory of storms, upon which
Professor Espy has thrown more light than any
other person living. They are not the ordinary
observations to which the Senator refers; but the
maps are exclusively with reference to obtaining
the law of storms, which is very important to
our commcree and to our Navv.
Mr. MALLORY. Will the Senator tell me
what they are ? We do not know what the object
is. We liavj no information before the Senate
as to what we want to print.
Air. CLAY. I can corroborate the statement
of my friend from Georgia. I know this man
personally. He lives in the same house with
me, and he is the best walking barometer in the
world. He is a prophet of every state of the
weather that I haw ever seen transpire here; and
in addition to that, he is a Kentuckian, and our
friend from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden] told
us yesterday that Kentucky goi mighty little.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I hope my friend from
Florida will withdraw his objection.
The resolution was adopted.
duplicates of land patents.
Mr. GWIM" asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(No. 58) to authorize the issue of duplicate patents
for land in certain cases; which was read twice
: by its title.
| Mr. GWIN. X hope it will be acted on now.
I There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
| as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
I joint resolution which requires the Commissioner
of the General Land Office to issue duplicate land
patents in all cases in which the original is either
lost, being used in any court of judicature, or
where an exemplified copy cannot be obtained
! from the records of the county in which the ori-
1 ginal may be recorded without inconvenient and
injurious delay.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
The hour of half past four having arrived, the
Senate took a reccss until half past six o'clock,
j p. m.
s  
evening session.
| The Senate reassembled at half past six o 'clock,
■ p. m.
| message from the house.
! A message from the House of Representatives,
! by Mr. Barclay. Assistant Clerk, announced
, that the House had passed the bill of the Senate
J (No. 340) for the relief of Donn Piatt; also, that
! it had passed a bill (H. R. No. 851) to authorize
| the issue of a register to the bark Anfi Elizabeth;
' in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
i quested.
j post office appropriation bill,
i The message also announced that the House
of Representatives agreed to some and disagreed
i to other amendments of the Senate to the bill (I-L
II. No. G3G) making appropriations for the ser-
: vice of the Post Oilice Department during the
, fiscal }rear ending the 30th of June, 1858.
i On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate in-
sisted on its amendments, and asked for a con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses. Mr. Gwisr, Mr. Rusk, and Mr. Col-
lamer, were appointed the committee of confer-
' ence on the part of the Senate.
i the tariff bill.
The message farther announced that the House
,' of Representatives disagreed to the amendment
: of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 566) redu-
, | cing the duty on imports, and for other purposes,
' asked for a conference on the disagreeing votes
' of the two Houses, and appointed Mr. Lewis D.
Campbell, of Ohio, Mr. John Letcher, of Vir-
ginia, and Mr. Alexander De Wiir, of Mcis-
sachusctts, managers on their part.
i On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate in-
sisted on its amendment, and agreed to the coil-
I ference asked for by the House of Representa-
tives. Mr. Hunter, Mr. Douglas, and Mr.
i Seward, were appointed conferees on the part of
: the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
'! The PRESIDENT pro tempo) e signed enrolled
J bills of the following titles:
.; An act to establish Augusta, in the State of
. j Georgia, a port of delivery;
; An act for the relief of Whitemarsh IL Sea-
brook and others;
An act making appropriations for the com pie-
; tion of military roads in Oregon Territory:
i! An act for the relief of John Shaw, a soldier
i, in the war of ]8T2; and
|; An act to amend the twenty-eighth section of
i the act of Congress approved the 30th of August,
I ] 1842, entitled " An act to provide revenue from
; | imports, and to change and modify existing laws
jj imposing duties on imports, and for other pur-
j| poses," prohibiting the importation of obscene
and indecent articles, so as more effectually to
j' accomplish the purposes for which that provision
|| was enacted.
