1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
I find here a communication from the State De-
partment, asking Congress to appropriate some-
thing liJce thirty thousand dollars a year for dip-
lomatic intercourse with Persia. I suggest an
humble inquiry, what relations we or our citizens
have with Persia to justify the appointment of an
agent of this grade, or to justify us in making
appropriations for the payment of such an agent?
I am sure this inquiry is pertinent; it is proper.
If we have no choice but to vote the money, let
the money be taken, and do not let us be called
upon to vote. If we are called upon to vote, then
the matter is submitted to our judgment and dis-
cretion.
Now, sir, I am not aware of any intercourse
that we have with Persia which requires the ap-
pointment of an agent of any such grade as this,
or of any agent at all. Up to the present day, so
far as I am informed, the business of the country
has got along very well without having an envoy
extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary to
the court of the Shah of Persia. It is proposed
now to create this new office, with an interpreter
at $10,000 a year, as I understand, and all the
accessaries of a legation of the first rank. We are
to appropriate the money for this; we are to send
abroad an agent, as suggested by the Senator from
California, because there is trouble there. Well,
suppose there is trouble there: we have nothing
to do with it.
Mr. WELLER. I did not say there was any
trouble there. I said simply that the influence
and power of the British Government were already
being seen and felt there, and that it was neces-
sary we should have some representative there,
to watch the operations of the European Powers.
Mr. BENJAM IIS". That is precisely the point
I want to reach, for after all it comes back to this;
there are certain Euiopean Powers now contend-
ing for supremacy in those regions. So far as I
am informed, we have not a solitary interest at
stake there. Troubles are arising; war has b<'en
declared; British forces luive p.-uetrated into that
country; and it is understood that Russia is at
work with intrigues against English power in
that remote country. Not one dollar of interest
on the part of this country is suggested; but just
at this time, when these troubles exist, we are to
send there a first-class mission, and if any fuss
or trouble can be got up about any pretended in-
dignity to our minister; or if the influence which
he, in the name of a great country, thinks proper
to claim, should not be conceded with that defer-
ence which his sense of the honor of this coun-
try may seem to require if any of those quarrels
of diplomatic agents who are proverbially sensi-
tive should arise there, then we are preparing
trouble for ourselves, and all by sending out a
magnificent mission to Persia.
Here is a list of the commerce and navigation
of the counn y. I have looked through the list of
countries; and I do not And one dollar of imports,
and I do not find one dollar of exports, m the
commerce between this country and Persia. There
are no statistics in all the elaborate tables of your
Department—not a solitary dollar in all these
tables connected with any relations that exist _
between us and Persia—no commerce. Why, |
Mr. President, what m the name of sense are we
going to do there with a mission ?
Mr. MASON. Does the Senator find in those
tables any importations from Japan ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The re are none; but when
Congress was called upon to make an appropri-
ation for that new attempt to open commerce with
a very vast country, with a great population, it
was supposed that n would make an opening for j
the commerce of this country, if successful; and j
when we made the appropriation we knew what ]
we were about. What is proposed here ? Is it a i
secret mission? No gentleman suggests that. Is ]
it with a view of opening new avenues of com-
merce? What arc they? What are we to get!
from Persia, and what are wc to send there?
What are the interests at stake? Why are we
to go on in this scheme of making magnificent
appropriations for intercourse with foreign Gov-
ernments—a mere servile imitation of European
monarchies ? There is no substantial interest m
this matter that I can perceive. I think gentle-
mui will be puzzled to suggest any. Unless we
have sbme other reason offered to us, it seems to
me this is an appropriation that we ought not to
make.
Mr. WELLER. I am sure the Senator from
Louisiana did not intend to misstate the facts of
the case.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I trust not.
Mr. WELLER. I should be glad to know
how he fixed on the sum of $30,000 as the annual
expense of the mission ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I heard read $12,500 For
an envoy extraordinary, §10,000 for an interpre-
ter, and $2,500 for a secretary of legation; and I
am very sure the other expenses will amount to
§5,000.
Mr. WELLER. The interpreter is to receive
only $$2,500.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was read §10,000.
Mr. WELLER. It was read as it is here.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know what the
Senator has in his hand. The clerk from the
desk read &10,00U for the interpreter.
Mr. WELLER. If he read it that way, it is
not that way on the paper. The presumption is
that he read it as it is here; and I undertake to
say the whole expenses of the mission are only
$17,300, which takes away nearly one half of the
amount stated by the Senator. Instead of the
interpreter costing $10,000, as the Senator repre-
sented, he is to receive only $2,500.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I beg the Senator not to
say as I represented it. If he will say as it was
read from the desk, he will oblige me. I only
repeated what the clerk read from the desk.
Mr. WELLER. I cannot suppose that the
clerk misread Mr. Marcy's letter.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I insist that if there was
a mistake, the Senator from California shall at-
tribute it to the clerk in reading the paper—not
to me.
Mr. WELLER. Very well. But the whole
expenses of this mission are set down at $17,300.
The salary of the secretary of legation is $2,800;
the salary of the interpreter $2,500; and that of
the envoy extraordinmy $12,000. Underthe Con-
stitution the power is vested in the President of
designating the character of the embassador who
shall represent this country abroad. The execu-
tive separtment of the Government thinks it es-
sential that we should have an envoy extraor-
dinary in Persia; and I am disposed to leave to
the President, under the Constitution, the power
of determining the character of our foreign rep-
resentatives. I want the Senate to understand
that the amount, instead of §30,000, as repre-
sented, is only $17,300.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am very glad the Senator
from Louisiana has called our attention to this
subject. I am perfectly willing to enlarge our
diplomatic corps to the wants of the Government;
and 1 oppose this appropriation from no mere
money-saving disposition on my part. I concur
with him that these $17,000 for omcers will, with
contingent expenses and other items, be very apt
to come up to about $25,000. I should be glad to
compromise it at §25,000. Anybody who will
look into our history will soon find it out; but we
have no commercial relations with that country:
we do not want any. There has been a great con-
j test between certain European Powers, England
• and Russia, about Persia; and 1 think that is one
of the main causes of their war recently; but the
best way for us is to keep out of it. You can
' hardly get to be present at a light unless you take
| sides. An American looks on every fight as a
' free fight; and if you put one in Persia he will be
! on one side or on the other. As we have no com-
; merce with that country, I think it is better to
! leave the Persian mission to the future when you
1 shall need it. I am glad the Senator from Lou-
| isiana has cnlicd attention to it. As to the idea
; of the President of the United States tolling us
| where we shall have missions, he has no such
• power. He has control of the mission; and if he
I wants a mission, he indicates the place where he
j wants it; but if we do not want it, we do not pay
for it. That is all there is of it.
Mr. RUSK. I trust this appropriation will be
| made. It docs not follow, if we make the appro-
J priation, that the President will necessarily send
' a minister to Persia. It is not mandatory on him
j to send a minister to Persia. This measure comes
| with a recommendation from the executive de-
j partmentof the Government. It comes from that
j branch of the Government which is charged par-
; ticularly with our foreign relations, and whose
> business it is to look to the foreign relations of
the country. We are not engaged in examining
them. Our duties are legislative; our inquiries
are not directed to this channel. We are not
charged with the investigation of foreign affairs;
but this recommendation comes from that branch
of the Government which is charged with it, and
they, I understand, recommend the appropriation
of $17,000. This Administration is going out.
It cannot be a claim for patronage on their part,
as in a few days more their term will expire; so
that this is a disinterested request from the out-
going Administration. They are not interested
in filling this mission as a reward to any political
favorite.
But the Senator from Georgia says we have no
commerce with Persia. He knows as well as I
do, that it is a country capable of a vast deal of
commerce. He must be as well satisfied as I am,
and perhaps a great deal more so, for his atten-
tion has probably been drawn in that direction
more than mine, that it is a country susceptible
of a great deal of commerce, and commerce of a
character that will enhance the value of our great
staple.
Mr. TOOMBS. They are our competitors.
Mr. RUSK. On the contrary, they are much
larger consumers than they are producers. I
have seen, but a few days past, an examination
of this subject by a committee of English mer-
chants, in which they declare that it is in vain to
look to that country for the staple to which I
allude.
There are two circumstances, to say the least,
that go very strongly to corroborate the opinion
that this country is susceptible of a pretty large
commerce. The very contention alluded to by
the Senator from Louisiana and the Senator from
Georgia for ascendency in the political relations
of Persia, between England and Russia, is very
strong evidence to my mind that there are some
capabilities of commerce in that country. There
is no commerce with them now on our part, it is
true; we have had no intercourse heretofore with
them. There are certain circumstances of which
I will not speak—but both the Senators are as
well apprised of them as I am—which show that
we art; likely to have some kind of intercourse
with them hereafter. That will depend, how-
ever, on the future action of the Senate; I am not,
at liberty to speak on that subject. There are a
number of our people who travel through that
country. It is to me a very interesting country.
It is that section of the world from which civili-
zation first started; and it has been traveling west,
increasing in vigor and force in its march, until
it is likely to reach the place of its origin.
Under all these circumstances, it strikes mc as
peculiarly proper that we should, at least, make
this appropriation, and place it in the power of
the incoming Executive Government to open
friendly and commercial relations with Persia, if,
in their judgment, they shall think proper to do
so. As'to our engaging in a war between Eng-
land and Russia, there is no sort of danger of it.
When has a minister of this Government ever
raised a difficulty in his intercourse with foreign
nations? We have had them everywhere when
wars have existed between countries of Europe;
and our ministers, so far from involving us in war
or trouble with either of the belligerent parties,
have frequently been the means of preventing
such difficulties. On the whole, 1 am inclined to
vote for this recommendation. I think it is a
very proper one; and I am willing to trust the
incoming Administration as to whether they will
use the money or not, if we appropriate it.
Mr. MASON. I do not wish to be misun-
derstood about this matter, as possibly might be
the case if the remarks which have fallen from
members on the other side of the Chamber were
allowed to go without comment. 1 have never
advanced the doctrine that it is incumbent on the
Senate to vote for a mission when the Executive
recommends it—that it is incumbent on the Sen-
ate, without inquiry, as the honorable Senator
from Louisiana said, blindfold, to vote for it;
but I do advance this: that it is a very grave
responsibility for a coordinate department of the
Government to assume to check the recommend-
ations of its coordinate, the executive branch of
this Government. I do not speak of this Presi-
dent of the United States, or any incumbent
of the chair; but the executive department of
the United States is a department framed in the
