i&7.
THE CONG RESSlONAL GLOM.
1621
■which grows out of her position as a sort of inter-
posing territory and Power between the Russian
dnd English possessions. Suppose we send a
niinister to Teheran, what is he to do there? He
is'either to be perfectly idle, or he is to enter into
afl the intrigues between the French, English, and
Russian Ministers.' He must take one side or
the other. It is conjectured that the French and
English do not stand on a very cordial footing
towards each other in Persia; and I believe there
is now no very great sympathy between them in
any part of the world. There may be a triangu-
lar war—a contest between France, Russia, and
England, for the possession of political power in
Persia. In that wo have no interest.
As I said before, our commercial interests are
to be protected by consuls, if necessary. Our
minister in Persia then will have nothing to do,
unless it be to take sides with England, Russia,
Persia, or France. If we send an active and en-
terprising gentleman there, as I suppose we shall
do, he will hecessarily find his residence in Persia
a very tedious one; he will endeavor to create
Some interest, and find some employment for him-
self. Therefore he will mix himself up in these
intrigues.
Mr. WELLER. The Senator talks of our
Consular agents. How shall we get consular
agents there,,without a treaty; and how shall we
get a treaty, without sending a minister or some
diplomatic agent there ?
Mr. SLTDELL. As the gentleman has asked
me a question, I will suppose again that our min-
ister at Paris, or if he prefers it, at Constantino-
ple, may have negotiated a commercial treaty with
the Persian Empire.
Mr. WELLER. He cannot do that without
instruction from the home Government, I should
think.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am supposing a case; and
as the gentleman is on the Committee on Foreign
Relations, perhaps he will be able to apply the
suggestion I have just made. Suppose we think
|t necessary to make a commercial treaty. We
can do it in Paris; we can do it in London; we
can do it in St. Petersburgh; and perhaps we can
do it more easily at Constantinople. Then every
"object is attained. What is our minister to do?
He is there to sit very quietly, pocketing his
$12,000 a year for doing no duties at all, or mix-
ing in these political difficulties. What are we to
gain by that? I confess I am entirely indifferent
whether Persia be under the control or in the in-
terest of Russia, of England, or of France. Will
gentlemen point out to us any reason—any pos-
sible interest that we have to promote, by taking
part in this controversy? Inasmuch as the Sec-
retary of State has not chosen to confide thi3
information to the Senate, if there be any gentle-
man here in possession of his views, who can
give us any reason why this mission should be
created at this time, I will vote very cheerfully for
the appropriation. But I wish to say, in addi-
tion to my other grounds, as a member of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom the
Secretary of State has not chosen to confide his
reasons for the creation of this new mission, I
shall vote against it.
Mr. MASON. I wish to say one word in con-
sequence of what has fallen from the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Seidell.] I am equally with
him a member of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, and from my position on that committee
more immediately the organ of communication
with the Executive than any other member of
the committee. It may be that I am not as sen-
sitive to the proprieties of intercourse between
the Departments of the Government as the hon-
orable Senator; but I utterly disclaim any feel-
ing or any consciousness that there has been a
want of consideration, far less of respect, on the
part of the Secretary of State, in his failure to
communicate specially with that committee on
this subject. He may have had his reason; he
may not have thought it necessary; he may have
considered that the affairs of this country in its
commeicial inteicourse with the rest of the world
would explain it; but be it what it may, his com-
munication, it seems to me, was properly with
the Committee on Finance, because it was neces-
sary to ask for an appropriation. I am utterly
unconscious of any want of consideration, far
less of any want of respect, in the intercourse
between the Secretary of State and th# Committee
on Foreign Relations. I speak as a member
of the committee, and holding that position on
it Which would make me more immediately its
organ.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have the kindest feelings
personally for Governor Marcy—the utmost re-
spect—I may, say admiration for his character;
and I do not pretend to say that his course on this
occasion has'fteen dictated by any want of proper
respect for the Committee on Foreign Relations.
He has simply 'made a mistake—thatis my opin-
ion about it—m not directing his recommendation
in the proper Channel.
Mr. BUTLER. May I be permitted to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
a single question ?
Mr. MASON. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. Is this not a precedent thatis
not to be found heretofore in the communications
to the Senate of the United States or to Congress?
I have always understood, as far as I can speak
of the general tenor of these matters—I do not
speak with any intelligent precision upon them—
that the President of the United States ought to
make the communication in the form of a mes-
sage, calling for a mission, and disclosing the rea-
sons for it; and then his Secretary of State should
give the reasons; but why the Secretary should
interpose in the first place I cannot say.
Mr. WELLER. It is the practice.
Mr. BUTLER. If it is the practice, very well.
Mr.MASON. I understand the practice to be
this: When the President of the United States
thinks it necessary to make any communication
to Congress on any subject of State, he does so.
When he does not think that to be necessary, his
minister communicates with one of the commit-
tees officially, but informally. The usage has
always been, in my knowledge, when any De-
partment of the Government wants an appro-
priation for any object of the Government, to
communicate that want to the chairman of the
Finance Committee, that being the committee
which has charge of the finances on the part of
the Senate.
Mr. BUTLER. But has there ever been a new
mission created without a special communication
from the President ?
Mr. MASON. I have never known a special
communication from the President suggesting a
new mission. I have known many instances
whereby communications either with the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations or the Committee on
Finance, or more usually with both, the execu-
tive department has asked for an appropriation,
assigning to the Committee on Foreign Relations
the reason for it. But I can very well under-
stand that the Secretary of State, or the Presi-
dent, (for the Secretary of State at last is but the
organ of the President,) may have thought it was
sufficient to ask for an appropriation, taking it
for granted that Congress could appreciate the
reasons. It is for the wisdom of the Senate to
decide whether they will grant it or not.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have sat here for some
time listening with surprise and astonishment to
the course of this debate. When it was sug-
gested that an appropriation was wanted for the
purpose of instituting this mission, I supposed,
as a matter of course, we should either have the
reasons for it laid directly before the Senate, or
have a statement that it had received the sanction
of the proper committee that we have selected as
our organ to attend to matters of this kind, that
is, our Committee on Foreign Relations. When
the honorable Senator from Virginia [Mr. Ma son]
expressed his approbation of this amendment, I
took it for granted that he was speaking as the
organ of the Committee on Foreign Relations. I,
however, did not hear him say directly that the
committee had passed on the subject in any way;
and my curiosity was excited so much, that I
ventured to inquire of the honorable Senater from
New York, who is a member of that committee,
[Mr. Fish,] and he said it mighthavebeen passed
upon when he was not present, but he had no
knowledge of it; and I now understand by the
remarks of the honorable Senator from Louisiana
[Mr. Slidell] that, in point of fact, it has never
undergone the examination of the Committee on
Foreign Relations at all.
Then how does this matter stand before us ? I
am aware that it is sometimes rather a delicate
manner, when the Government is about to insti-
tute a itew rhission, to co'mmuh'icate publicly all
the reasons why they wish it instituted. One way
is for the President to send his message with Shis
reasons for the appropriation. Ahother method
is by a communication from the head of the De-
partment of foreign affairs, the Secretary of State,
to our organ, the Committee on Foreign Relations.
If that committee, after full consideration, report
to us that this mission should be instituted, and
an appropriation should be made for it, and say
to us that the reasons which govern them in their
judgment and estimation ought not to be publicly
declared, I should be entirely willing to follow out
the recommendations of that committee, believing
that they had become satisfied on the subject, ana
become satisfied, too, that the nature of the sub-
ject was such that no more need be published.
They are our organ for that purpose.
But I understand, in relation to this case, that
we have neither the one nor the other in point of
fact. "We hare no message from the Executive
stating the reasons; nor have we any communi-
cation from the President's proper organ to our
proper organ by which we are informed of the
necessity of it. We have neither the action of
our committee in relation to the necessity of this
mission, nor have we had any reasons laid before
us from any official quarter. I am strongly im-
pressed with the idea, as I said in the beginning,
that at least a measure like this should come to
i>s with the approbation of our Committee on
Foreign Relations; and under these circumstances
I can see no reason for the amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. As I shall vote for this
amendment, I beg the indulgence of the Senate
while 1 state in a very few words my reasons for
doing so. This recommendation has come from
the Secretary of State; doubtless it has come with
the approbation of the Executive himself. The
Secretary of State would not have taken upon
himstlf the responsibility of so grave a step as
this without having consulted and obtained the
approbation of the President. I take for granted,
therefore, that this is a movement of the Admin-
istration itself; and I have also come to the con-
clusion that this measure would not have been
asked for from Congress by the Administration
unless it had been founded upon grave motives of
State. It is a formal proposition, made by the
Administration to the Congress of the United
States, to appropriate money to establish this
mission. We are bound to believe that they
would not have asked for this appropriation and
taken this extraordinary step without the gravest
consideration: and although we may not be able
to see them clearly, and although they may not
have been stated in confidence to the Senate of
the United States, still we are bound to repose
: sufficient confidence in the Executive to believe
! that these considerations do exist. For one, I
| am willing to repose sufficient confidence in the
; Executive to believe that he would not have taken
) this step unless he had been influenced by con-
! siderations of a grave and important character.
: We are bound to believe, under the circumstances,
! that it is altogether disinterested, for we cannot
, suppose, like the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
! Benjamix,] that it is a selfish proposition, intended
to promote partisan or political objects. The
present Administration are about to retire from
office. They can have no motive whatever in
making this proposition to extend their political
' influence. They can have no partisan object to
accomplish. It must, therefore, be disinterested
! on their part. The probability is that the office
! will not be filled by the present Administration,
; and the probability is that the present Adminis-
• tration will not desire to fill it, even if they had
the opportunity to do so. It would be indelicate
! in the Administration to fill it when just going
| out, and a new Administration was coming in, to
j whom the envoy or minister would be rt'spons-
I ible, and not to the present Executive. I have
' no idea, therefore, that the present Administra-
tion would fill the place even if the appointment
I be authorized during their existence; but nil-
i doubtedly we have a check here to prevent it if
i they desired to do so. I have no idea that the
: present Administration desires this appointment
for the purpose of extending their patronage, or
: accomplishing any partisan or political object.
They can have no such motive. As it must be
j altogetherfree from any consideration of this sort,
' we are bound in justice to b#lieva they havq been
