1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1023
to tell us why they wanted money; but now, for-
sooth, we are reduced to a worse condition than
the Roman Senate at the worst periods of the de-
cadence of the Empire. "We are here to register
edicts dictated to us by executive officers. I, for
one, will never consent to this. I, for one, enter
my solemn and indignant protest against the as-
sertion of any such principle as this.
We have nothing before us—not one solitary
letter, except a request to appropriate the public
money. Gentlemen tell us there must be reasons
—it roust be supposed that we know the reasons,
why this money was asked for; and yet, when we
call on them, not a solitary reason suggests itself
to the most fertile imagination. Sir, I never will
vote for propositions like this; I never will con-
sent to dictation like this; and whenever I am
asked to give my vote forthe appropriation of the
public money, if reasons cannot be given to us in
open session, 1 shall ask, as my colleague asks,
that the Secretary of State will at least deign to
make a confidential communication to our Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, that some member
of this body may be able to say to us that there
are confidential reasons for the appropriation of
the money. But an officer of a Department, one
of our clerks whom we have appointed, tells us
that he has the honor to request that we shall
vote the money. Fie gives no reason; and Sena-
tors around the Hall express great astonishment
that we do not, as humble slaves, bend the knee
to executive dictation, and vote the money that
we arc requested to vote. There is no recom-
mendation, no suggestion, but a request to vote
the money. We must vote it of course, or else,
I suppose, we shall be subject to the reprehension
of high executive officers.
Mr. President, we have the reviewing power
here; it is for us to revise the action of the Exec-
utive Department. This is not the first time that
we have differed in opinion from that Department
when it has given us its reasons. Now no rea-
sons whatever are given. If the reasons were
given, perchance we might differ in opinion. If
this novel doctrine is to prevail, it would be much
better and simpler for the Executive to tell us it
wants money. As the Senator from Maine says,
"Why go through the idle form of voting it if it is
nothing but a form ?" If the Executive has noth-
ing to do but say, " I request money," and if it
is rebellion against duty to refuse it, what are we
here for? Why are we wasting the public money
and public time here in discussing appropriation
bills? Let us obey orders; let us give the money;
W9 are ordered to do it.
Mr. WELLER. I have only a word to say to
the Senator from Louisiana. He seems to assume
that this is an attempt on the part of the Execu-
tive to dictate to the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment; and one might suppose, from the course
of his argument, that this was the first time the
President of the United States, through the Sec-
retary of State, had ever called for an appropria-
tion of the public money without assigning specific
reasons for it. I undertake to say, sir, without
pretending to know half as much as the Senator
from Louisiana claims to know, that this is the
ordinary form in which appropriations have been
asked for the diplomatic service. I undertake to
say, that whenever the President of the United
States, in carrying on our negotiations with for-
eign countries, has found it necessary to ask for
an appropriation for a minister not provided for
by law, that appropriation has been asked for in
the same terms in which it is asked for here.
But he says this is an attempt on the part of the
Secretary of State to dictate to him—to demand
that he shall vote the public money without a
why or wherefore to send this minister to Persia.
Allow me to tell the Senator from Louisianathat
the Secretary of State speaks only by the author-
ity of the President; and that the only question
is whether the President of the United States, who
is charged with our foreign negotiations, is to be
the judge of whether the public interests demand
that a minister should be sent to Persia or not.
That is the question. The President of the United
States asks Congress to pass an appropriation to
enable him to send a minister to Persia; and why ?
Because, in his judgment, the public interests
demand it. The Senator from Tjouisiavui, who
knows nothing about the diplomatic relations that
are now subsisting between our Government and
Persia, undertakes to refuse it. Who is attempt-
ing to dictate ? The President says the appro-
priation is necessary, in order to carry on our
diplomatic relations with foreign Governments.
The Senator from Louisiana says it is not; and
he thinks it monstrous that I should prefer to take
the judgment of the President, who is charged
with these negotiations, than to rely on him. I
do prefer it, sir.
There is no Senator on this floor in whose judg-
ment I have more confidence than in the Senator
from Louisiana; but I would rather take the opin-
ion of that man who is charged with our diplo-
matic relations, and who is thoroughly acquainted
with the subject, than take the Senator's opinion
on a subject about which he cannot possibly
know anything, and that is perhaps quite as much
as I claim for myself. But I am willing that the
President of the United States who has charge
of this subject shall determine when it is neces-
sary to send a diplomatic agent to Persia or any
other portion of the globe. I see no dictation
in that. I am sure it is not a departure from the
usual practice of the Government.
Mr. TOOMBS. I rise to a question of order.
I am very reluctant to do it, and it is very rarely
done; but we have been a couple of hours on this
question, and it is against the rules of the Senate
for any Senator to speak more than twice in any
one debate on the same day. I think we had
better vote. We have had this debate fora long
time.
Mr. WELLER. That is a point of order
which I cannot resist, and therefore I yield.
Mr. RUSK called for the yeas and nays on the
amendment, and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biggs, Iirodhead, Brown, Cass, Clay,
Dodge, Douglas, Fitels. Fitzpatrick, Gieen, Gwin, Iluntei,
Iverson, James, Jones of Iowa, Mason, Reid, Rusk, Sebas-
tian, Stuart, Toucey, Weller. Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—
25.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Bell
of Tennessee, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Butler, Collamer,
Durkee, Fish, Fool, Foster. Harlan. Mallory, Nonrse, Pugh,
Shdell, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Trumbull, and
Wade—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was, to insert the following as a new
section;
Jhvl be it further eyiacted, That, in addition to those now
authorized by law, there be employ-oft by the Seeretaiy of
State, one eleik of class two; bv the Secictary of the
Treasury, m the office of the Auditor for the Post Office
Department, five clerks of class two; by the Seeretaiy of
the In tenor, in the office of Indian Affairs, five clerks of
elass two : and m the office nf ihe Commissioner of tne
General Land Office, one day watchman at per annum;
and by the Secretary ot the* Navy, in the Buieau of Yards
and Docks, one clcik of class three ; and such sum as may
be necessary to carry into effect the provisions of this sec-
tion to the "30th of June, 1858, is hereby appropriated out
of any money in the Treasuiy not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to propose an amend-
ment by way of proviso to that amendment:
Provided, That it shall be the duty nf the Secretaries of
the Interioi, Trcasuiv, War. Navy, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral. and the Attorney General of the United States, to
appoition as near as may be the clerks m their several De-
partments among the States of the Union, according to rep-
lesentation in the Senate and Iloui-e of Rcpiesentatives,
giving to each ofthe Teintones and the District of Columbia
the number due to one Representative. And hereafter no
appointment of a clerk shall be made fiom any State oi
Territory having in the service a greater number of clerks
than its quota, so long as there is a qualified applicant fiom
any Slate or Territory having less than its quota.
I have a very brief explanation to make of the
reason why 1 offer this amendment. The States
immediately bordering on the District of Colum-
bia, and the District itself, occupy nearly all the
places in the Departments. The distant States,
like that which I represent, get little or none of
this patronage. Young men, eminently qualified,
come here from my State, and I go to the head
of a bureau for an appointment, and the answer
is, that the places are all filled. Igo again,again,
and again, and 1 always get the same answer—
the places are all filled. When I come to inquire
into it I find that the heads of the bureaus use
this as a sort of special patronage for themselves.
They give it out to their pets and favorites in the
District of Columbia, and in the region of coun-
try from which they come. I am getting tired
of this. If the patronage is worth having at all,
it is worth distributing among the States who
furnish the money to pay for these clerkships.
It will be seen that I do not propose to turn out
the present clerks, but I propose to prescribe by
law a rule which shall govern the appointments
hereafter. I will explain it. Yirgmia, for in-
stance, has, at this time, perhaps five times as
many as would be her quota. I do not propose
to dismiss them; but when they resign, or die,
or the offices become otherwise vacant, I propose
that the places shall be filled from some State
which has less than the number which is its due.
I would not turn the clerks out of their present
position. They have been appointed, have be-
come accustumed to the duties of the offices, and
many of them are absolutely dependent on these
places for support. Let them remain; but when
the offices become vacant, let the appointments be
transferred to some State or Territory which has
had thus far none of this patronage. Let me be
no longer told, because I come from a remote
State, that all the places are filled; for young men
from my part of the country cannot wait here
month after month for a chance to get a place.
It will be observed further, that my amend-
ment does not propose to appoint any one who
is not qualified; but that the appointment shall
not be made from a State having more than its
quota, so long as there is a qualified applicant
from a State having less than its quota. I think
this is just to the parties now in office, and it is
just to the States. It distributes its patronage as
fairly as it can be distributed. True, I do not
myself think much of it; I would not advise
young men to come from my part of the country
here seeking this kind of patronage; but still they
do come, and they will come. They are educated
young inen; and they prefer clerkships under the
Government to clerkships in counting-houses. I
do not think it is good policy. I never in my life
advised one to take that course; but when they
choose it for themselves, they are as much enti-
tled to the consideration of the Government in
this regard as those whose lot has been cast near
the seat of Government.
I want to do in this way what I think the heads
of the Departments ought long since to have done
voluntarily. I thouglit long since this kind of
patronage ought thus to have been distributed
among the States, which can be done consistently
with what is due to the Government. If it be
the sense of the Senate to adopt the amendment,
which is mild in its provisions—simply directory
to the Departments—nobody will be hurt by it,
and I think justice will be done.
Mr. MASON. I should be very sorry to see
the principle of this provision adopted by law as
the legal policy of the Government. It is to carry
into law what seems, I am afiaid, tohavebecom©
somewhat the popular idea—that the offices of
the Government are property, and not a trust—a
property to be parceled out amongst the adherents
or the friends or the partisans of the distributor
of patronage, instead of atrusttobe administered
for the common benefit.
What is the proposition ? That the offices here
at Washington, which are purely ministerial, and
many of them almost menial, shall be distributed
amongst the various States in proportion to pop-
ulation. What docs that mean? It means that
the administration of this Government, or the
emolument derived from it, is a property, to be
parceled out amongst those who have the distri-
bution of it, and therefore it must be parceled out
equally! How would it work 111 practice, if it
were adopted? How it would work in practice,
in my judgment, is the smallest objection to it; but
how would it work in practice if carried into law ?
Suppose the State which the honorable Senator
represents should be found entitled to twenty
clerks, and all the rest were full, and there was a
vacaney in the clerkships of the Pension Office:
t'tie officers of the Government must leave it un-
filled until they could send to Mississippi.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all.
Mr. MASON. There is no other way of work-
ing it equally.
Mr. BROWN. The amendment says, so long
as there is a qualified applicant from a State having
! less than its quota.
! Mr. MASOX Then the qualified applicant
I must be here at Washington, remaining from
j week to week, or month to month, or year to year,
!! until a place shall be vacant, because there may
■ I be an applicantin Mississippi, as well as resident
i' here in Washington, or in California—that State
from which it requires about thirty days to have
u information, and thirty more to get a man here.
