THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, IX C.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
THURSDAY, MARCH 5, 1857.
New Series. .. .No. 65."
corrupt the civil service. That fact alone will
corrupt nothing.
Mr. BIGrLIiR. The Senator certainly does not
mean to say that I used the term " corruption"
in any way.
Mr. PUGH. The proposition of the Senator
from Mississippi is, that the civil patronage of
this Government shall be divided fairly among the
States. I wish that none of my constituents were
so circumstanced as ever to require any position
under this Government; but they are not all so
circumstanced, and they ask for clerkships under
this Government which Senators tell me are mere
ministerial offices. In one sense they are so. You
have made two or three grades of clerks—first,
apprentices to learn the duties of the office, and
then to be promoted up to higher grades; and 1
say that the clerks whom you bring here of the
lowest grade could as properly be, and ought to
be, taken from the various States, according to
their population under the Constitution, as the
cadets at West Point or the cadets at the Naval
Academy. Why,sir,how is itin practice ? Three
or four States of this Union have monopolized
this patronage, and kegt. it to themselves; and
when other States want it, they are lectured on
the demoralizing effects of it. My friend from
Pennsylvania represents a State that is gorged to
the throat with her undue share. I do not see
tliat it-fees corrupted his State. She is certainly
very ably represented in this body, in- spite -of
this misfortune with which she has been visited.
It is said" by my friend from Virginia, that the
heads of Departments will have to wait until ap-
plicants-can be sent for from distant States. They
do wait now, until their favorites come here. When
vacancies occur they wait until they can send off
andbringtheirownfavorites; andl daresaynearly
every Senator knows that to be the fact within
his own experience. The patronage is here.
These places are valuable to young men, for we
cannot expect that all young men will aspire to
the highest intellectual pursuits of life. They are
valuable offices; they are sought after. Whether
we would like our constituents to seek for them-
or not,is not the question; they doseek forthem;
and now, shall they be left to the arbitrary choice
of gentlemen holding places as heads of Depart-
ments, or shall they be divided fairly or unfairly ?
That is the question, for they are now unfairly
divided, and I see no remedy for it but the propo-
sition which the Senator from Mississippi has
introduced. I shall vote for it, and I hope it will
be carried out. Certainly a fair division of these
offices will be no more corrupting than an unfair
division. Certainly a division which restricts
these appointments according to the representa-
tions of the States will be no more demoralizing
than to leave the head of a Department to fill all
his subordinate places with his own particular
friends and supporters, and exclude everybody
else. It has come practically to that. That is
the case as it now stands. They pretend to tell
us that they keep a list of applicants; but you
may go every day in the year, at the request of
some one of your constituents, and you will not
' get him in, though there may be a vacancy every
day in the year. Mr. Secretary will wait, when
that vacancy occurs, until he can write a letter to
some friend of his, no matter how far distant, to
come and take it.
I do not care anything about these offices; for
myself, I wish that none of my constituents ever
did hold any office under the executive branch of
this Government; but I do not suppose they will
pay any attention to my wishes in that regard.
They have done it heretofore, and I suppose they
will come again as they have in time -past; but
when they-do come*, all I have to say is, give them
a fair chance. I am certainly disinterested in it,
for,my State never did hold a Cabinet office under
any Democratic Administration, and I do not
know that she ever will. .
As I said before, since the yeas and nays are
called, and I intend UTrecord my rote for this
proposition, I wish tOjgive my answer for it to
the remarks made by the Senator,from Pennsyl-
65 *
vania. I think it is a just proposition. I think
theje can be no fair reason stated against it. The
only question for the Senate to decide is, shall
these offices be divided fairly, or shall they be left
to the whim of those who are at the head of the
different bureaus and Departments?
Mr. IVERSON. I must come to the aid of
my friend from Mississippi, because I sympathize
with him personally, and I am with him on the
principles of this amendment. I think it is just
and ought to be adopted. It is the basis, as the
Senator from Mississippi has said, on which all
the other Government appointments are made.
So far as regards Cabinet appointments, appoint-
ments of ministers abroad, and all the various
higher offices capable of distribution among the
various#tates, that principle is uniformly adopt-
ed. Army officers and Navy officers are appointed
in the same manner. The cadetships at West
Point are given to the various States in propor-
tion to representative population; so it is with
your midshipmen at Annapolis. On what prin-
ciple will you establish that rule in relation to
the Navy and Army officers, and exclude it alto-
gether from the clerical offices in this city ? They
are a portion of the patronage of the Government
as well as the other offices. .The officers in the
Army and Navy are officers of the Government,
but they are no more officers of the Government
than are the clerks in the Departments at the city
of Washington. If, therefore, it be right to dis-
tribute the Army and Navy officers among the
various States, for the same reason, pari passu, it
is proper that your clerical force in the city of
Washington should be distributed in the same
way.
The Senator from Virginia expresses his dissat-
isfaction at this proposition. Well he may, sir.
Well he may shed tears over its adoption, for how
many of the heads of his friends would be cut off
by it? I remember that, in 1848, when I had the
honor of a seat in the other branch of Congress,
I went to the present Secretary of State, then act-
ing as Secretary of War under Mr. Polk's ad-
ministration, to ask him to appoint an old friend
of mine to a little office in the Pension bureau.
The first thing he asked me was, " Sir, does he
hail from Virginia, or Maryland, or the District
of Columbia? for these people from Virginia and
Maryland and the District of Columbia think
they have a prescriptive right to the offices here,
and I, for one, do not agree with them; and if he
comes from either of those States (with a gentle
oath) I will not appoint him." I told the Secre-
tary he came from the State of Georgia, and upon
information of that sort he at once accorded him
the appointment.
Mr. Secretary Marcy was right. The truth is,
these Virginia people, and these people from the
State of Maryland; and those living close by and
around here, consider that they have a right to all
the offices,and they have got into them, whether
they have a right or not. At least one third of
the offices in Washington city are held by per-
sons living in the surrounding States and in the
District of Columbia; and the truth is,' by a very
natural process, they intend to hold on, and will
hold on, through the balance of time. How is it?
They are all on the spot. Mr. Jefferson said that
very few office-holders ever die, and none resign.
It is true that none of them resign that I have
ever heard of, but some of them sometimes die;
and these men who are here already in office,
with their friends around them, and the persons
they want appointed, watch the dying embers of
every man's life, and before the breath is out of
his body, they have petitions to the proper au-
thority for the appointment of their friends to fill
the place. If this practice is to go on time after
time, they will monopolize all these offices, and
will monopolize them as long as the Government
lasts, unless some proposition of this sort be
adopted((by which the offices shall be distributed
fairly and equally among the States. Well may
the Senator from Virginia deprecate this propo-
sition. Although he seems to consider that men
had better not have these offices, I apprehend he
has had experience enough to know that his con-
stituents differ from him in that opinion, and
think they are entitled to these offices.
It at first struck me as a remarkable fact, but I
am not at all surprised at it, on reflection, that-
the only two Senators who have risen on this
floor to object to this equal distribution are the
Senators from Virginia and Pennsylvania—Vir-
ginia, because she has such a large proportion of
these offices, and expects, by the process to which
I referred, to hold on to them; and Pennsylvania,
because, if she has not got her proportion, and
much more than her proportion, she expects that
Pennsylvania counsels will at least prevail in
these appointments for the next four years, and
she will come in for at least her share, and some- .
thing more. [Laughter.] Therefore it is that
the Senator from Pennsylvania objects so much
to this proposition. He knows that in the
scramble for office his State will be well taken
care of during the next four years at least.
I want this proposition to prevail for another
reason. When an office is vacated here, either
by death or otherwise, members of Congress
from all the States are immediately importuned
by citizens around here to recommend them to
the office. I have been importuned, though my
influence has never been very great, and I do not
know that it ever will be; but I apprehend the
experience of all other Senators will justify me in
the remark that they have been importuned time
after time. An office is not vacant twenty-four
hours before petitions are got up and carried
around to all the members of Congress for recom-
mendations to fill the place. I wish to get rid of
this troublesome pest. If I am to recommend
anybody at ail, I desire to recommend my own
constituents; and I shall have no difficulty, or
hesitancy, or delicacy, in selecting from the appli-
cants and recommending them to offices.
The Senator from Virginia seems to think that
if this proposition prevails, the offices will go
begging; that there will not be persons on the spot
capable to fill them. The Senator need not have
any apprehension on that score. Pass this prop-
osition, and in less than thirty days you will have
five hundred applications from every State in the
Union on file.
I, for one, like the Senator from Virginia, dep-
recate these applications for office, and never en-
couraged them in any friends of mine from the
State of Georgia. I tell them they ought to look
to higher and nobler pursuits than coming here to
waste their days in little clerical offices. They
come here and unfit themselves for anything else
in the world; and when the turn of fortune or the
change of politics turns them out of place, they
are thrown wide on the world without any means
of livelihood; and when they die they leave their
widows and their families to starve or to beg. I
advise my friends never to prosecute applications
of this sort for office, and I trust in God they
never will. But, if they desire office, if they in-
sist upon it, against my wish and will, I desire to
have an opportunity of gratifying them, which,
under the present system, is rarely ever done.
In the whole course of my political experience
here I have never had but two gentlemen from
the State of Georgia appointed to any of these
offices.
I will, before I conclude, do justice, and correct
a remark which the gentleman from Mississippi
made in regard to the appointments of officers by
the heads of bureaus. The heads of bureaus do
not appoint the officers.under them. These cler-
ical officers are invariably appointed by the Cab-
inet officers themselves, and it is there that the
fault lies. I shall vote for this proposition be-
cause I believe it is just, and it will accomplish,
in my opinion, important ends.
Mr. BROWN. 1 beg to say to my friend from
Georgia that he is mistaken. The appointment
is made in the name of the head of theDepartment,
but it is not made by him. The head of the bureau
really makes the appointment; and I have never
made application elsewhere. They tell me, " I
cannot do it," or " I have promised to do it for
