1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 28,
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SLIDELL. As the yeas and nays are
called for on this amendment, it is proper that I
should make an explanation. The Senator from
Kew Hampshire,not now in his seat, [Mr. Hale,]
spoke to me on the subject, and asked me if I
would have any objection to the bill for Mr. Per-
ry's relief. I told him I should not; but I was
under the impression then that the bill merely
contained a provision for the payment of the dif-
ference between the salary of secretary of legation
and of charge d'affaires during the period of the
absence of the Minister. I was not aware that
there would be any attempt here to obtain an
appropriation for an outfit. I believe there are
some precedents for such allowances; but in the
case of a gentleman who was secretary of legation
at Paris, who was precisely in analogous cir-
cumstances to Mr. Perry last year, after a full
discussion of the merits of the case, the Senate
decided to allow the difference betsveon his pay as
{secretary and his pay as charge d'affaires, and
struck out the provision far an outfit. I am per-
fectly satisfied that we have gone too far in these
allowances; and if this amendment passes in its
present form, we cannot with any propriety
refuse a similar allowance to thirty or forty gen-
tlemen who have performed the same duties at
different places within the last fifteen or twenty
years. I understood, and I now understand, that
the Committee on Foreign Relations, after full
examination of this subject, determined that they
had fallen into a false system, and-would in the
future correct it.
I regret very much to vote against this appro-
priation, to the extent now claimed by the amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa, because I think
Mr.Perry'scase is perhaps oneof peculiar hard-
ship; but, as I intimated before, this allowance
will institute an expenditure of some two or three
hundred thousand dollars. I regret the necessity
of being compelled to say anything; but if my
vote is to be recorded, unless that portion which
relates to an outfit be stricken out, I shall be
obliged to vote in the negative.
Mr. MASON. I feel some interest in this
matter, because the circumstances under which
this allowance was asked for were before the
Committee on Foreign Relations at the last ses-
sion, and diligently inquired into. Mr. Perry was
left for some time at Madrid, in sole eha rge of
the legation, and under circumstances which im-
posed it on him as an onerous charge. We had
reason to believe, from the evidence before us,
that from the smallness of his salary he had really
been impoverished by this burden. I was further
satisfied, from sources that were accessible to me,
that he was unable to leave Madrid for want of
means to discharge his liabilities there.
The Senator from Louisiana is correct in say-
ing that the Committee on Foreign Relations,
in their recommendation to the Senate, have not
pursued any uniform rule on the subject of outfit.
It has been allowed at some times and disallowed
at others; and their course has met the approba-
tion of the Senate, the allowance or disallowance
of outfit depending on the circumstances of each
case; The Committee on Foreign Relations
thought this was a case where it ought to be al-
lowed. As to the objection taken by the Senator
from Ohio, and others, that it is a private biii, I
understand that has been decided by the Senate.
The question of order was submitted to the Sen-
ate, and the Senate voted that it was a proper
amendment.
Mr. PUGH. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations reported this gentleman's case at the last
session in a private bill. "We passed it as a pri-
vate bill. This very case is now in the other
House as a private bill. "We passed others. At
the last session of Congress, an attempt was made
to put this very gentleman's claim on the appro-
priation bill, and it was luled out.
Mr. MASON. I ask the Senator if he is con-
fident of that ?
Mr. PUGH. My impression is so. I recol-
lect the statement of the Senator from Louisiana
in regard to it.
Mr. SEIDELL. I think the Senator from Ohio
is mistaken. It was not in relation to this, but
in relation to the case of Mr. Piatt, who was sec-
retary of legation at Paris, under circumstances
which I considered perfectly analogous to this,
and under cireumstanccs of equally great hard-
ship and privation. An attempt was made to put
that case on the appropriation bill, and it failed.
I believe I am correct m that.
Mr. PUGH. I will correct myself. An at-
tempt was made to put one of this class of claims
on the appropriation bill, and the Senator from
Louisiana then said, if it carried, he would move
to put this claim on, and other Senators noti-
fied us that they would move to put on other
claims.
It is said by the Senator from Virginia that we
have decided the question of order. Have we
decided it fairly? What is our rule worth? Is
there any Senator who denies that th is is a private
claim ? It was on our Private Calendar; we called
it up on Friday; we heard it; we passed it; and
simply because it has not been reached in the
other House for lack of time, we now, upon a
general question being put from the Chair," Shall
the amendment be received?" are standing here
to override our own deliberate rule on the sub-
ject, made for the very purpose of preventing
these things being done at the end of the session.
I wish to know what more equity there is in this
gentleman's case than in the case of five hundred
private claimants now before Congress, for whose
relief bills have passed the Senate or House of
Representatives, as the case may be, and will not
receive the assent of both branches for want of
time? Where are we to stop? Is it to be a ques-
tion of favor? I have nothing to say against the
merit of this claim. I do not know it; but I pro-
test against its being put on this bill. It seems
to me a gross breach of our rules, and a gross
violation of legislative propriety. This is a bill
which purports to make appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1858—a year not yet begun—to commence
.the 1st of July next; and we are putting on it a
provision to pay a private claim that accrued long
ago.
It seems tome that it cannot be called germane
to the object of the bill at all, that it is directly
contrary to our rules; and that it is our duly, with
a regard to the public Tieasury, to the proprieties
of legislation, and to the character of the Senate,
not to allow these claims in this way. 1, there-
fore, with due submission, while I admit that I
can no longer call on the Chair to decide it, have
a right, I think, to call on Senators to be mindful
of the rule which they have adopted, and leave
this gentleman where other claimants arp.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have one remark to make
which J omitted before. In the crixe of Mr. Piatt,
the Committee on Foreign Relations reported a
bill in his favor with a provision for an outfit, and
the Senate, after full discussion and examination
of all the principles in the ca^e, struck out the
provision lor an outfit. Since then, the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations have acted on the prin-
cipleof refusing the outfit to secretaries of legation
as acting charge d'"affaires, unless they acted a§
charges for a period so long as necessarily to in-
volve a change of their mode of living.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire, T move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. Before the
vote is taken, as this gentleman is a constituent
of mine, i desire very briefly to make a statement
of what I suppose to be the merits of the claim
and the propriety of inserting it in this bill. The
proper committee of this body has made a care-
ful examination of the justice and propriety of
this claim of Mr. Perry, and they pronounced
upon it that the claim should be allowed by the
Government. The question has been brought be-
fore the Senate itself, and the Senate, in accord-
ance with the decision of the committee, has come
to the same conclusion that this is a just claim on
behalf of Mr. Perry.
I may add a fact which many Senators will re-
call if they turn their attention to the history of
the mission to Spain and the circumstances con-
nected with that mission, which may for the time
have cscaped their notice. After the Minister to
Spain had unsuccessfully attempted to negotiate
a treaty with that Government, and had left his
station there in despair, without being able to ac-
complish anything, Mr. Perry, by his own efforts
and. exertions, succeeded in negotiating a treaty,
which was afterwards ratified l^y this Govern-
ment, and which proved of immense advantage to
it in pacifying and relievi^the difficulties that
existed between this GoveiUfentand Spain, His
services in this^regard were of a highly important
and meritorious character, he having been able,
.from a fortunate concurrence of circumstances, to
accomplish more in a very short period after the
Minister to that country had left it, than the
Minister had been able to effect during his whole
residence.
This claim, as I consider it, is one of a highly
meritorious character. This gentleman needs this
money; he is in a condition of destitution, as I
understand, and will suffer, if he is compelled to
await the action of Congress hereafter, inconve-
nience to himself and inconvenience to his family
from the destitute condition in which he has been
left, partly in consequence of this Government
not having done him justice.
It is said, however, by the Senator from Ohio,
and others, that it doe3 not belong here—that is
is merely a private claim; and they place it on
the ground of the private claims of individuals
against the Government. I confess I am not
very familiar with the distinction between private
claims and those partaking of a public charac-
ter; but I should be glad to have any gentleman
tell me the difference between this provision for
arrearages of salary due to Mr. Perry, and an
appropriation for the salary due to the Secretary
of the Treasury, the Secretary of War, or the
President himself. It is a balance remaining due
on behalf of this Government towards an ex-
penditure necessary to carry on the purposes and
objects of the Government. An individual is in-
terested in it undoubtedly; the money is to be
received by him; but after all, it is an appropria-
tion to meet arrears due by this Government in
the discharge of its legitimate functions, and is in
that sense a public and not a private claim, and
one that may well be included in this bill.
When I moved the adjournment of the Senate,
I did it on the ground that my colleague, who has
had charge of this matter, and is extremely familiar
with it, more so than myself, and who I believe
has had some correspondence not only with this
gentleman, but with the present Minister to Spain,
might be enabled, lie now being ill, on the sitting
of the Senate being resumed on Monday, to pre-
sent his views in relation to this claim." I truss
he will have it in his power, then, to satisfy tho
Senate that the claim is justand ought to he added
to this bill. I still hope the case will take that
direction; but if a vote is now to be taken, I trust
that the merits of the claim and its character will
commend it favorably to this body. It is not a
mere claim against the Government unconnected
with the ordinary administration of the Govern-
ment. That is the distinction I take, it is a claim
arising from the ordinary expenditures of the
Government in carrying on the Government.
And although the money is to be paid to an indi-
vidual, it should be regarded as a public object
and not a private claim.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I merely wish to re-
mark, that the interest I take m this amendment
is prompted entirely by the repeated letters I have
received from our Minister at Madrid, my fnmd
and late colleague, General Dodge. He lakes
a great interest in this matter, because of the
situation of Mr. Perry, who is his personal friend,
fie believes the claim to be entirely just. The
Senator from New Hampshire, who is now ab-
sent, and who is well acquainted with this gentle-
man, polled the Senate the otherday; and [ have
in my hand the names of thirty-eight Senators
who promised to vote for it. Let them stick to
their promise.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I promised, and I must
say " yea."
Mr. BIGLER. I promised, too, and will have
to stick to it.
Mr. EYANS. I did not promise.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I am under a promise.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like, when the vote
is announced, to have the honorable Senator from
Iowa state how the lists compare. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I will look at them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays, 11; as follows:
YEAS—Mc-sh. Boll of New Hampshire*, Bell of Ten-
nessee, Benjamin, B islet*, Brown, Collaruer, Crittenden,
Durkee, Fitzpatnek, Foot, Foster,(iteen. Gwin, Houston,
Jones of Iowa, M.iilory, Mas-oii, Nounse, Rusk,
Seward, Stuait, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Weller, Wil-
son, and Yuiee-<2S.
