1857.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1031
NAYS—Messrs. Biggs, BnuilieUil, Clay, Evans, Fish,
Pitch, Hunter, Pugh, HijjpplideU, and Wright—U.
So the amendment wae* agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have another amendment
which the Committee on the Judiciary have in-
structed me to offer. It passed the Senate at the
last session and at this session in a separate bill-
It was put on the appropriation bill last ression,
and is germane to the bill. It is in line seven
hundred and ninety-two, page 33, after the appro-
priation for the salaries of the judges of4he Dis-
trict of Columbia, to insert:
Provided, That the salary of the chief justice of the cir-
cuit court of the United States for the District ofColumbia
shali be $3,750 per annum ; and the' salaries of the asso-
ciate judges $3,500 per annum,to be paid quarterly; and
that the &alary of the judge of the orphans' court of tile
District of Columbia shall hereafter be ^2,500 per annum,
payable quarterly. '
That has been passed at this session by the
Senate; and I presume there can be no objection
to it, as it has been already considered.
Mr. SLID ELL. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to hear theaniend-
ment of the Senater from Georgia read.
Mr. TOOMp. There being some objection
to increasing the salary of the criminal judge, he
has been left out. *
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I shall vote for this amend-
ment, but in doing so, I desire,to say that I do
not mean to withdraw my advocacy from the
proposition to increase the salary of the judge of
the criminal court.
Mr. TOOMBS. Nor I either; tat his salary
has been raised once.
Mr. BROYYN. I put it on the same ground
with tlrfc Senator from Georgia. It is that objec-
tion has been made to increasing his salary, and
I will not do injustice to the other judges simply
because full justice is not done to the criminal
judge. I will first raise thesalary of these judges,
and then I will fight for the salary of the criminal
judge on his own hook.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I desire to move arramend-
ment on page 33, at line seven hundred and
eighty-five, to strike out $101,250, which is the
appropriation for the salary of district judges,
and insert:
One hundred and six thousand two hundred and fifty dol-
lars, and that $i,000 of that amount shall be paid to the
judge of the northern district of California for sei vices ren-
dered m examining and deciding land cases under the act
approved March 3, 18ol.
Mr. HUNTER. Does this amendment come
from any committee?
Mr. WELLER. I apprehend it is not neces-
sary to have the authority of a committee; but if
that will be sufficient to carry it, I beg leave to
say that I have the authority of the Military Com-
mittee to offer whatever amendments I choose.
[Laughter.]
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question of order.
This amendment proposes to increase the appro-
priation, and cannot be offered unless it is on an
estimate from a Department, or comes from a
committee.
Mr. WELLER. That would be a new rule
of which I have no knowledge. Is it not compe-
tent for me to move to increase any of these ap-
propriations ? Do I understand my friend from
Virginia to insist on it, that I cannot move to in-
crease an appropriation ?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator is moving to
pay <55,000 to a judge for back services. That is
nothing but a private claim, and an additional
appropriation also. Let the Chair refer to the
rule. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will read the rule.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. What is the dif-
ference between this amend ment and a proposition
to increase the salaries of judges r We just now
agreed to an amendment increasing the salary of
the judge of the northern districtof Illinois. The
proposition was oflered by no committee, and
yet it was done by general consent, upon the state-
ment that it was a just application for the increase
of a salary. ,
Mr. HUNTER. I was not aware that the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois came
from no committee. W e can except that when the
bill shall be reported to the Senate, and take a
separate vote on it.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope that amend-
ment will- not be excepted; but let us act upon
the whole subject on principle.
Mr. SEWARD. It is too late in the night to
raise questions of order.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. We have been act-
ing in this way in several cases where, according
to the strict rules of the Senate, amendments
should not have been received. Some of these
are questions that are mixed in their nature. It
is vepy difficult to discriminate whether they are
private claims or not. You may say there is no
claim except on the discretion of the Senate, and
the Congress of the United' States. It does not
arise under contract, but is a case of great injus-
tice and hardship. I trust the Senate will not,
under the circumstances of this case, make a
question of order, particularly after they have by
almost unanimous consent voted in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. HUNTER. It was not understood that
that amendment came from no committee. I
submit to the Senate whether this amendment can
be received under our rules of order. If so, I do
not know when we shall get through with the
bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The 30th rule
prescribes " No amendment proposing additional
appropriations shall be received to any general
appropriation bill, unless it be made to carry out
tile provisions of some existing law, or some act
or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a
standing or select committee of the Senate, or in
pursuance of an estimate from the head of some
of the Departments; and no amendment shall be
received whose object is to provide for a private
claim, unless it be to carry out the provisions of
an existing law or a treaty stipulation." The
question is, " Shall this amendment be received
as in order ?"
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I did not under-
stand that the amendment offered by the Senator
from Georgia to-night to increase the salary of the
circuit judges of the District of Columbia was
offered by the recommendation of the Judiciary
Committee at this session.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir, it was.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. At any rate, I ap-
peal to the President that we have admitted an
amendment increasing the appropriation for sal-
ary, as to the judge of the northern district of
Illinois. <
The question beirigF taken on receiving the
amendment; it was decided in the negative, there
being, 011 a division—ayes 14, noes 18.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have a small amendment
to offer. It is to insert in line nine hundred and
four, after the appropriation for judicialexpenses:
And that the compensation allowed to the messenger and
crier m attendance 011 the Supieino Court shall hereafter
be $720 pei annum, in lieu of the present per diem compen-
sation.
This is about one half what we give to the mes-
sengers of the Senate. The terms of the Supreme
Court are so uncertain that these persons are
hardly enabled to live on their present per diem
allowance.
Mr. HUNTER. Does it come from any com-
mittee ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is not necessary. I
do not propose any appropriation. These officers
have three dollars a day. They can live during
the long term of the court, but it-is utterly im-
possible for them to live with the pay they get at
a short session of the Supreme Court, which is
about ninety days. They get three dollars a day,
and it is not as much as we give to the negroes
who sweep out the rooms here.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the question was stated to be on concurring
in the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. WADE. There is one amendment on
which I desire to have a separate vote, and that
is the appropriation for the Legislature of Kan-
sas,
Mr. TOOMBS. I call for a separate vote on
the amendment increasing the salary of the judge
for the southern district of California, on the
ground that it is an amount greater than that rec-
ommended by the committee, and, in my judg-
ment, an improper amount for a jadge who haa.
so little to do.
Mr. PUGH. I call for a separate vote on the
amendment authorizing the minister to Russia
to receive presents. I do not think it belongs
properly to an appropriation bill.
Mr. WADE. The first one in order, I believe,
is the appropriation for the Legislature of Kan-
sas. I wish to except that.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nay®
on concurring in that amendment.
Mr. IIUNTER. As it seems the motion to
increase the salary of the judge at Chicago came
from no committee, I shall have to except that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the per-
mission of the Senate, to avoid confusion, the
Chair will take the question first on the excepted;
amendments.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let us take the que«tion first
on those which are not excepted to. That is oijr
rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore.' The Cluiir
will acquiesce cheerfully. The Secretary has
taken a note of the excepted amendments, which
the Chair will read, in order that any omission may
be supplied. The excepted amendments entered
are, for the expenses of the Legislature of Kansas;
tlje salary of the judge of the southern district of
California; the salary of the judge of the northern
district of Illinois; and for the memorial from the
Emperor of Russia. The Chair will take the
question on the other amendments, excepting the
four recited.
The amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole, with those exceptions, were concurred
in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first ques-
tion will be 011 concurring in the amendment
making provision for'the legislative expenses of
Kansas.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted
—yeas 28, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin, Biggs,
Bigler, Brodhead, Brown, Clay, Crittenden, Douglas, Fish,
Fitch. Fitzpatriek, Green, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Mat-
lorv, Mason, Pugh, iteid, Husk, Sebastian, Slidel!, Stuart,
Toombs, Wcller, Wright, and Ynlee—-28.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, Durkee, Foot,
Foster, Nourse, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—Q.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The next ex-
cepted amendment is that increasing the salary of
the judge of the southern districtof California.
Mr. CRITTENDEN.' Let the amendment be
read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
And that the salary of the judge of the southern district
of California shall hereafter be §4,500 per annum.
Mr. TOOMBS. This proposition was before
the Committee on the Judiciary at the last ses-
sion, and they refused to agree to it. _ They said
there was little business in the district, and the
.committee, at that time, were not willing to allow
more than $4,000. Except the land cases, the
business of that court is as little as that of almost
any district you can find in the United States.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is his salary?
Mr.TOOMBS. Three thousand five hundred
dollars, I think.
Mr. WELLER. It is only $2,800.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state another fact. The
Senator from California some four years ago, be-
fore the coming in of the present Administration,
said they did not want a judge in the southern
district; and I believe there was none under the
last Administration, under the idea that it was
an unnecessary appendage to the judiciary.
Mr. WELLER. It was unnecessary during
the Whig Administration. We had already been
provided with a Whig in the northern district.
I did not think it was proper that we should have
another Whig m the southern district. [Laugh-
ter.] When I first came here, I thought we could
wait a short while until another Administration
came into power, in order that we might have one
Democrat and one Whig. I saw the necessity of
another judge just &s soon &s ther© w&s a cn&ng©
in the politics of the Government. [Laughter.]
I did not see it before. The salary of the circuit
judge is fixed by this bill at $6,000; thesalary of
theludge of the mjjthern district is #5,000; and
all that I propose is to make the salary of tlifl
