1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
tain their extent or application, for they do not concern my
present position. 1 acknowledge the obligation of the in-
stiuctions I have received."
That was my declaration on the general prin-
ciple in 1850. I then acknowledged that those
instructions were such as the Legislature had a
right to give; and I said that when the vote should
come, I would resign rather than obey the in-
- structions. I said there were limitations on that
doctrine of instruction. What I meant by those
limitations I explained subsequently, when other
instructions were presented. I will read what I
said on that subject:
" And thus has the subject rested undisturbed till within
a few days; the delegation of Michigan in Congress having
been left to follow the dictates of their conscience and judg-
ment in relation to this whole matter. Quite recently,
however,*a change has taken place. The Democratic party
in the State has lost its ascendency, and a new party, with
different views, and I may add, in many respects, with dis-
cordant ones, having obtained possession of the legislative
power, the resolutions which have just been read are the
result of its action, and call upon me, as well as upon the
other members of the delegation, to vote for depriving
American citizens in the Territories of the power to regu-
late one of the most important of their domestic concerns—
that of the relation between master and servant, and for the
repeal of the existing fugitive slave act, passed to give effect
to the solemn guarantee ofthe Constitution. As I peremp-
torily decline to do either, and intend to retain my place, it
is necessary, in my own vindication before the people of the
State, whom I desire respectfully to address from the seat
which I here occupy by their favor and kindness, that I
should now do what I was not required to do on the former
occasion, to 4 ascertain the limitations' upon the right of
instruction, or, to speak, perhaps, with more precision,' the
extent' of the duty of obedience, so far as concerns my
present position. And I have to say, sir, that the ciicum-
stances in which the power to pass these resolutions origin-
ated constitute one of the very cases which occurred to
me at the time those words of caution were spoken, as re-
stricting the obedience of the representative.
"The practical question briefly stated is this: Has a
political party, whenever it accedes to power, by whatever
combinations, the right to pass resolutions which its oppo-
nents in legislative trusts are bound to obey, or,if prevented
from obeying by their conscience and consistency, to rea-ign
their position? The consequences of such a rule of action
are too obvious to need detailed examination, and too senous
to be incurred without pressing necessity. Into this body
it would introduce changes, radically affecting its organiza-
tion, and incompatible with the objects of its institution as
the representative branch of the sovereignty of the States.
It would lose every characteristic of permanence, its mem-
bers going out yea* by year, as political fluctuations might
transfer power from one party to anotfflr; for at all times
would it be easy to select questions for this process of
removal, which no honest man of an opposite party could
support. Some of these are constitutional, and others
scarcely inferior to them in importance, involving points of
policy forming the very landmarks of^the debatable ground
where our snuggles have always heretofore taken place.
That this power would be used, abused, indeed, for this
purpose, no man will deny. The excitements of the past
warn us as to what the future would bring with it; and that
the disadvantage would be the share of the Democracy is
certain, for it is well understood that in the creed of our
opponents, instructions carry with them neither the duty to
obey nor the obligation to resign. The two Whig Senators,
who have occupied seats in this body from Michigan, one
of them my immediate predecessor, and the other my col-
league during a portion of my first term of service, honot able
and distinguished citizens, both disavowed the obligaiion
of instructions, and both refused, at least in one instance,
to obey the expressed will of the Legislature, conveyed to
them by its resolutions. And f believe their viewsweicm
conformity with the opinions of their party in the State."
. You perceive, Mr. President, that the Legis-
lature of my State, in these resolutions, state that
I have repeatedly avowed the doctrine of instruc-
tion, and disobeyed it, and acted contrary to my
own avowals. I repeat that the subject has been
alluded to but twice in the Senate since I have
been a member here—once in 1850, and onco in
1854—and in both cases I stated precisely and
distinctly the grounds on which I acted. I thought
I had prevented such a charge as this being made
against myself by the remarks I addressed to the
Senate when the subject first came before it.
Mr. STUART. I move to postpone the further
consideration of the printing of the resolutions
until the 10th day of March.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
532) for the relief of the heirs of Mary Hooker,
reported it without amendment, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey, from the
Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 515) for the relief of John
Draut, reported it without amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 511) granting a pension to Martha Elliott,
widow of Samuel Elliott, a soldier in the war of
1812, reported it without amendment, and sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of George V. Vandiver,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the sarcfe committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Saraj^Ann Roose,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, for the reason that the existing law gave
her a pension; the committee was discharged.
He also, from the" same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Sarah S. Hine, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printed.
EXTRA COMPENSATION.
Mr. FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was referred to the Committee to Audit
and Control the Contingeni Expenses of the
Senate:
Resolved, That the Senate resolution of the last session,
making extra allowances to the employes of the Senate, be
so construed as to embrace the keeper of the westemgate,
the watchmen, lamplighters, and laborers employed in the
Capitol grounds.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. DODGE presented the credentials of the
Hon. James R. Doolittle, elected a Senator by
the Legislature of Wisconsin, for six years from
the 4th day of March, 1857; which were read, and
ordered to be filed.
COMPENSATION OF SENATORS.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to whom was referred a resolution to take
into consideration the question of the construc-
tion of the act for the compensation of members,
have instructed me to make the following report:
The Committee on the Judiciarj, to whom was referred
the following statement, submitted to the Senate by the
President pro tempore, report:
The President of the Senate pro tempore states to the
Senate that questions have arisen before him on the con-
struction of the act" to regulate the compensation of mem-
bers of Congress," approved 16th August, 1856, which af-
fect the compensation of certain Senators who have been
chosen since the commencement ol the first and of the
present session of this Congress, respectively, as to the
time when the compensation of each should commence,
and of the mileage properly to be allowed, which the
President pro tempore desires should be submitted to the
Senate.
The first section of the*compensation act of the 16th
August, 1858, provides "that the compensation of each
Senator, Representative, and Delegate, in Congress shall
be $6,000 for each Congress, and mileage, as now provided
by law, for two sessions only, to be paid in manner follow-
ing, to wit: on the first day of each regular session, each
Senator, Representative, and Delegate shall receive his
mileage for one session; and on the first day of each month
thereafter, dunng^such session, compensation at the rate
of $3,000 per annum during the continuance of ?uch ses-
sion ; and at the end of such session he shall receive the
residue of his salary due to him at such time, at the rate
aforesaid, still unpaid ; and at the beginning of the second
regular session ofthe Congiess, each Senator, Representa-
tive, and Delegate shall receive his mileage for such second
session, and monthly, during such session, compensation
at the late of $3,000 "per annum, till the 4th day of March,
teiminatmg the Congress, and on that day each Senator,
Representative, and Delegate shall be entitled to receive
any balance of the $6,000 not theretofoie paid m the said
monthly installments, as above directed."
The fourth section ofthe act provides, " that in the event
of the death of any Senator, Representative, or Delegate,
prior to the commencement ofthe first session of the Con-
gress,!^ shall be neither entitled to mileage nor compensa-
tion ; and in the event of death after the commencement of
any session, his representatives shall he entitled to receive
so muoh of lus compensation, computed at the rate of§3.000
per annum, as he may not have received, and any mileage
that may have actually accrued, and be due and unpaid."
The act with reasonable certainty provides for all members
of either House who were legally entitled to sit at the com-
mencement o( the first regular session of each Congress,
and does not very clearly provide for any others ; and it is
by no means clear that any others are fully within its ben-
efits.
But, assuming that the act intended to embrace the whole
subject, your committee proceeded to try the rights of the
cases submitted to them by this test; though the act declares
that the salary of each member of Congress shall be $6,000
for each Congress, it provides that it shall be paid in a par-
ticular manner, only during or at the end of each session
of Congress, except in the case of the death of a siting
member after a session has begun, and at the rate of$3,000
per annum. Therefore, he who serves the whole of each
session of Congress is entitled to the whole $6,000; he who
is legally entitled to serve during the whole of each session,
and is prevented by the sickness of himself or family from
doing so, is also entitled to the whole $6,000, and none
others. But these two classes are entitled to the whole
compensation under this act. None of the cases submitted
to us come within either of these classes, and are, there-
fore, excluded. In case of the death of a member after
the beginning of the first session, his personal represent-
ative is entitled to receive all the compensation (not re-
ceived by him) which has accrued at the time of death,
computed at the rate of $3,000 per annum, and his suc-
cessor could in no event be entitled to mors, than the
residue of the $6,000 not paid to the deceased member or
his personal representative. None of the cases submitted
belong to this class; but it furnishes a rule of construction
which your committee believe will truly discover the intent
of the act. There is nothing inlhe act itself which would
warrant the application of a different rule of compensation
to a member who fills a vacancy happening in any other
manner different from one happening on the death of a sit-
ting member after thp commencement of a session; nor are
we able, outside of the act, to discover any sound leason
'for such different construction. Though the mode of pay-
ment is by annual salary, the consideration therefor, in the
contemplation of the act, was performance of the duties of
a member of Congress when in actual session, and the
times of payment seem to have been fixed during or at the
end of each session, with special reference to securing this
consideration.
it is true that the act is not well guarded, as it may hap-
pen that a member of Congress who may never serve a
single day, if legally entitled to sit during the whole Con-
gress, may receive the whole $6,000, lessened only by a
deduction of his daily pay for each day he may ab&ent
himself from the sittings of the House of which he is a
member. This is an evil, but one that the act itself does
not remedy; but a person who has no right by law to per-
form the duties of a member of Congress, during any of
its sessions from any given yeai, is not entitled by this act
to any compensation for that year. He not only does not
perform the condition, but is legally incompetent to do so.
Te-tmg the cases submitted to us by those principles, we
find the rule of compensation, in all cases of election after
the first day of the first regular session, to be, that the
compensation does not commence until after election, and
from thence to the end of the term, at the rate of $3,000
per annum. This rule, in the opinion of your committee,
applies to the cases of Messrs. Nourse, Gwin, Green,
•(fend Fitch. 3The case of Mr. Bigler is somewhat dif-
erent. He vvas elected after the time fixed by law for the
commencement of the first regular session of this Con-
gress, but before the organization of the two House*?, and
was m his seat the day the Congress entered upon its legis-
lative duties; therefore, if not within the strict letter of
the law, he is certainly within its equity, and your com-
mittee therefore recommend that he be paid for the whole
Congress, deducting all the days he was absent, except for
the time excused by the law. Wc also consider that the
question of mileage is settled by the same mle of construc-
tion. and that no person but a member of Congress at the
time the journey ousht to be performed, can, by any possi-
bility, receive the mileage provided by the law.
The report was adopted, and ordered to be
printed.
REPORT OF THE CRIMEAN COMMISSION.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Printing to report back a reso-
lution which was referred to us upon the subject
of printing extra numbers of the report, commu-
nicated through the War Department, of officer
McClelland, of the Army. He was sent to Eu-
rope for the purpose of investigating, and report-
ing his views on the subject of the siege of Sebas-
topol. The resolution of the Senate calling for
this report I will read:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to the Senate copies of all reports which may have
been made to the Deparuncnt by the officers who were se,ut
to the seat of wai in Europe in 1855 and 1856.
The Secretary in his answer said: " In conse-
quence of important duties having been assigned
to two of the important ofheers of that expedition,
Major Delafield and Major Mordecai, since their
return from Europe, they have not been able to
complete their report. The report of the other
officer, Captain George B. McClelland is, in com-
pliance with the resolution, herewith transmit-
ted."
I have the report here upon my desk." The
Senate has already'ordered that document to be
printed. A resolution in regard to the printing
of five thousand additional copies has been trans-
mitted for the consideration and report of the
Committee on Public Printing. The Senate are
aware that the two most important reports, those
which are to come from the ordnance officer and
the engineer officer, are not completed. The
committee, therefore, are not prepared to recom-
mend the printing of documents about which they
know nothing, either as to their extent or their
value. If we proceed in this way, ordering the
printing of that which is least important first, we
stand a' fair chance of getting into the publication
of a work like theWilkes's expedition, the print-
ing of which began last century, and is not to be
completed until the next. The committee instruct
me to report adversely to the printing of any
extra numbers of this report, and also to move to
reconsider the resolution adopted by the Senate,
ordering the printing of the usual number. I
shall, therefore, move to reconsider that order,
upon the ground that whenever th« whole of the
