1034
THB CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
report is completed and transmitted to the Senate,
(which will certainly do as well next year as this,)
the Senate can consider the propriety of printing
the wlioie or any part of it, and order it to be
printed altogether. I ask the Senate to recon-
sider the resolution ordering the printing of the
usual number of this report, ana that they will
suffer it to lie in the War Department, where
properly it should be, until such time as the
Senate shall be able to consider the propriety of
printing the whole report entire, I hope the
motion to reconsider will be acted on at once.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the report was ordered to lie on the table.
CHAPLAINS TO CONGRESS.
Mr. SEWARD asked, and by unanimous con-
Bent obtained, leave to bring in a joint resolution
(No. 59) relating to the compensation of chap-
lains of Congress; which was read twice by
its title, and considered as in Committee of the
"Whole. It directs that the chaplains of Con-
gress be paid on the first day of each month during
the regular sessions of Congress, at the rate of
#750 per annum, beginning with the present Con-
gress, and that at the end of each regular session
they be paid the residue.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
■without amendment, ordered to be engrossed for
a tlard reading, read the third time, and passed.
SENATOR FROM INDIANA.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the contested seat
from Indiana. It will be remembered that the
Committee on the Judiciary made a report on
that subject some days ago, and that a large num-
ber of the members of the Legislature of the Slate
of Indiana have sent on a request that this matter
may be acted upon during the present session of
Congress. A majority of one of its branches sent
that request. Having presented those papers, I
feci it to be my .duty to insist upon taking up that
question. I believe itto be a privileged question,
and I think it is important that action should be
had upon it. I hope the Senate will proceed at
once to the consideration of that question. 1 ask
that it be taken up now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky [Mr. Crittendcn] moved that
the Senate take up the resolution relative to the
pay of Lieutenant General Scott, which motion
was postponed only to receive the regular busi-
ness of the morning hour. Unless there be some
privilege connected with the motion made by the
Senator from Illinois, the Chair will deem it his
duty to give preference to the motion of the Sen-
'ator from Kentucky.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me clearly a
question of privilege. It is a question relative to
tnc right of a seat of one of the members of this
body. If there is any privileged question this
certainly must be one, and it is important that
action should be had upon it. We are now at thft
close of the session; but it is not the fault of the
protestants that this matter has not been acted on
before. The first duty which the body owes to
itself is to determine who are its members. The
first thing which every legislative body docs is
to purge itself—to ascertain who is and who is
not properly entitled to a scat. This is the very
reasoa why these contested election cases are
privileged questions, bccause it is the duty of
every legislative body, as a preliminary step m its
action and before it proceeds to legislative busi-
ness, to determine upon its own organization.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will pardon me
for interrupting him, this is ccrtainly a question
in regard to the order of business to be determ-
ined by the Chair without debate. Until the
Chair announces whether this is a question of
Erivilege which takes precedence or not, it cannot
e debated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The resolu-
tion of the Committee on the Judiciary, which
the Senator from Illinois moved to take up, rec-
ommends that authority be given to the parties
interested in this subject to take testimony during
the vacation. It is to take testimony affecting the
seat of a Senator from Indiana. The Chair is
under the impression, and will so decide, that as
it is a question aflecUng the seat of a member
of the Senate, it is u question of privilege, and is
entitled to preference,
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I will take the decision
of the Chair to be correct; but though this is a
question of privilege it is for the Senate to act
upon it when it pleases. It should notbe pushed
on the Senate.because it is a question of privilege.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Its privilege
is only to give it precedence as a motion. The
Senate can dispose of it as it is its pleasure.
Mr. BRIGHT. Entire silence on the part of
my colleague and myself might be construed into
opposition on our part to have this case taken up
and disposed^ofi I desire merely to state that we
are anxiousdt should be disposed of; we are anx-
ious to take up the report of the Committee on
the Judiciary whenever it sball be the pleasure of
the Senate to agree to do so. We do not wish to
insist upon its consideration over other and more
important business; but we hope, before the pre-
sent session closes, that the Senate will either
concur in the report of the Committee on the
Judiciary, or take some other definite action.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the question
on taking up for consideration the report of the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was re-
ferred the protest against the seat of the Hon.
Graham N. Fitch, and declared that the ayes
had it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think the noes had it. I
call for a division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
decided that the ayes had it on the motion to take
up the resolution, and it is now before the Senate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think the Chair is
mistaken. Let us have a division.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is too late now, I ap-
prehend, to call for a division after the Chair has
decided the question. We are wasting time.
Mr. SEIDELL. I do not accord with the
Chair in the opinion that by the sound the "ayes"
predominated. Is it too late to ask for a division ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The decision
was announced by the Chair.
Mr. SL1DELL. I called for a division imme-
diately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will, by general consent, divide the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it. The de-
cision was announced, and 1 had addressed the
Chair before these other gentlemen spoke.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Illinois is
mistaken in point of fact.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
tor from Illinois yield the floor*
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe I am entitled to
the floor.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Illinois is entitled to the floor unless he
yields it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make a state-
ment. I understood the Chair to decide that the
resolution was before the Senate, and 1 addressed
the Chair before I heard any call for a division.
If it was made, certainly I did not hear it, and I
apprehend the Chair did not hear if, or he would
not have decided as he did. It is now too late to
raise that question. However, I do not wish to
take up time m debating that point.
Mr. BIGGS. The Senator from Louisiana
certainly did call for a division.
Mr. SLIDELL. I did call for a division. I
take it there is not to be an issue of fact made with
me on that point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not at all. I merely said
that it was not heard by me, and I thought not
by the Chair.
Mr. BENJAMIN. As soon as the Chair an-
nounced that the ayes had it, I rose and said that
I behoved the " noes" had it. The Chair is in
the habit of announcing the result of a vote in
this language, " The ayes seem to have it," and
then, if no objection is made, he says definitely,
" The ayes have it."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from LouisianafMr. Slidell] states that he called
for a division before the result was announced.
The Chair, therefore, will consider it his duty to
divide the Senate on the question of taking up the
resolution for consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the vote is taken, j
I wish to state why it seems to mo this question j
should be taken irp now and acted upon, Here I
is a report from the Committee on the Judiciary
of a very important character. It relates to the
right of the sitting member to retain his seat. It
can be disposed of in as little time now as it can
be some days hence. It will be rememb' led that
when the first papers in this case were pAesented
I urged upon the Senate the propriety of an early
consideration of the case. I then stated that it
was unpleasant assuredly for any individual to
hold a seat here which was contested, that it was
due alike to the person claiming the seat, to the
protestants, and to the body itself, that the matter
should be speedily acted upon. The Senate
thought proper, however, to refer it to the Judi-
ciary Committee. It has been referred to the
committee, and now we have a report recom-
mending the taking of testimony.
Mr. BUTLER. Will the Senator from Illinois
yield me the floor for a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER. I think the report ought to he
Taken up at the instance of the sitting member.
I stand in an impartial condition. After we take
it up we may postpone it to a future day, or take
such action as may be thought proper. Perhaps
if we take it up on this suggestion, we can end
the controversy now, and then afterwards settle
what we shall do with the question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there is a disposition
to take up the report, I do not wish to detain the
Senate. I withdraw the call for the yeas and
nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call can-
not be withdrawn without the consent of the
Senate. The Chair hears no objection.
The motion to take up the report of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was agreed to; and the
question was stated to be on agreeing to the fol-
lowing resolution reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee:
Resolved, That in the case of the contested election
of the Hon. Graham N. Fitcii, a Senator returned and
admitted to his scat 1'iom the State of Indiana, the sailing
member, and all persons, piotemng aaain<this election, be
permitted to take testimony on the allegations of the pro-
testants and the sitting member,touching all matters of fact
theiem contained, beiore any judge of the district court of
the United State.--, oi any judge of the supieme or circuit
coins of the State of Indiana, by first giving ten days'notice
of the time and place of such proceeding m some public
gazette punted at Indianapolis.
Air. TRUMBULL. I stated that this was a
very important question. I regard it as such,
and hope the Senate will give attention to fins
case sufficiently to see distinctly what the ques-
tion presented by the Judiciary Committee is. I
undertake to say, from the best investigation
which I have been able to give the report, there
is no necessity lor taking testimony at all, and
that it is a most extraordinary proceeding, in a
case of this character, to defer the matter until
after the taking of testimony in the State of Indi-
ana. I should be very glad, indeed, if Senators
would look closely at this resolution, which is
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary. I
will read it:
" Resolved, That m the case of the contested election of
the lion. Graham N. Fitch, a Senator returned and admit-
ted to his seat from ihe State of Indiana, the sitting mem-
ber, and ail persons protesting asainst his election, be per-
mitted to take testimony on the allegations of the protectants
and the sitting member, touching all matters of fact therein
contained, befoic any judge of the district court of the United
States, or any judge of the supreme or circuit com of the
State of Indiana, by first givmgten dny«? notice of the time
and place of such proceeding ms-ome public gazette punted
at Indianapolis."
It will be observed, in the first place, that this
resolution is not specific in regard to the questions
as to which testimony is to he taken. It is u on
the allegations of the protestants and the sitting
member." What are they? What question can
arise in regard to the election of a Senator about
which parol testimony would be competent? It
will be borne in mind that the members of this
body are elected by the Legislatures of the States
The Constitution of the United States provides
that each State shall be entitled to two Senators,
u chosen by the Legislature thereof," and the
time, the place, and the manner of electing are to
he prescribed in each State by its Legislature, un-
less Congress thinks proper to prescribe the time
and manner, which it has not done. The Legis-
latures speak by their records. The Legislatures
of the States, like the Congress of the United
States, keep journals of th^ir proceedings, and
those journals are the only resource to which we
can go to ascertain what the action of a Legisla-
