1867.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
ture has been. I will read from the report to Bee
what the points in issue are. It states that—
" Tt becomes necessary, in the opinion of the committee,
to take the testimony of persons residing in the State of
Indiana, for the better ascertainment of these disputed facts.
For instance,it is, among other things, alleged by a portion
of tile protectants that' there was no joint convention of
the two Houses of said General Assembly on said day,' on
which the election m dispute took place."
Is that denied? I undertake to say that the re-
port does not show that the sitting member denies
it. The allegation is, that there was no joint con-
vention of the two Houses of the General Assem-
bly. What is the denial, as the committee set it
forth ?
" Which statements are denied by the sitting member i
and he affirms, on the contrary, that' he was elected to said
office by a majority of all the members composing the Legis-
lature of the State, they being then, and for that purpose,
assembled m joint convention.' "
Grant it. Is that any denial of the assertion
that there was no joint convention of the two
Houses ? Is there not a distinction between a
joint convention of the two Houses of the General
Assembly of Indiana and a convention of a major-
ity of the members? Giant that a majority of
the members of the Legislature of Indiana did
convene for the purpose of electing a United
States Senator, what does it amount to ? There
is not, I apprehend, a single Senator here who
will insist for a moment that a majority of the
members of the Legislature of any State have a
right to assemble when and where they please,
and elect a Senator, without the action of the
Legislature, fixing the time, place, and manner
of election. If the Legislature of the State has
acted in its legislative capacity, setting on foot
the j&int convention for the election of a Senator,
and then, in conformity with such action, a ma-
jority of each branch of the Legislature, or rather
a quorum of each branch of the Legislature, as-
semble together, they may make the election.
But there is no dispute, as every Senator will see,
between what is alleged by the protestants and
what the sitting member alleges. He says a
majority of the members assembled together in
joint convention for the purpose of electing a
Senator. Who denies it? The protestants have
not denied it; but they say there was no joint
'convention of the two Houses, which is an en-
tirely different thing from a convention of the
individual members. Then, sir, the only instance
given by the committee in their report about
which they say there is an issue, presents no
issue at all; and if it did present an issue, it is not
to be proved by taking the testimony of persons
residiug in the State of Indiana, but it is to be
proved by the record, the journals of the Legis-
lature.
It is further said in this report that the protest-
ants allege "a minority only of the legally sitting
Senators of Indiana participated in said election."
The sitting member, as reported here, states that
he was elected "by a majority of the legally
qualified members of the Senate of the State. '
Does it matter whether the Senators were legally
qualified or not, if they were the recognized sit-
ting members of the Senate of Indiana ? Is that
a question which it is competent for the Senate
of the United States to inquire into? I apprehend
not. If they were sitting members of the Senate
of Indiana, and the journals of the Senate of
Indiana show that they were recognized by the
Senate as members, it is not competent for this
Senate or any other tribunal to inquire how they
became the sitting members—whether legally or
not; because the constitution of Indiana makes
the Senate of that State the judge of the qualifica-
tion and election of its own members, and we have
no authority to revise their decision.
It will be observed that in the extracts which
have been quoted by the committee, there is no
issue between the parties, at least no material
issue; and if there is an issue, as I said before, it
is to be settled by the journals, not by parol evi-
dence. The constitution of the State of Indiana
declares that "each House shall keep a journal
of its proceedings, and publish the same;" and
to that we must resort for the purpose of ascer-
taining who compose the Senate of Indiana. We
were fold the other day, in the case of Mr. Har-
lan, of Iowa, by the Senator from Connecticut,
[Mr: Toucey,] one of the members of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, from whoxa this report
now comes, that
« There is no mode of proving that the Senate partici-
pated in tln^election except by the record of the Senate,
when you investigate the manner of action. It cannot rest-
in parol. It cannot depend upon the action of individual
members. The action must be tiie action of the body. The
two Houses must act, or there can be no choice."
This was the language of one of the members
of the Judiciary Committee six weeks ago, that
you could prove only by the Journals whether
. the Senate participated in the election of Senator.
If it was incompetent to prove in any other way
than by the Journal itself whether the Senate of
Iowa participated in the election of United States
Senator, I would like that Senator to tell me how
it is that you can prove by parol whether the
Senate of Indiana participated? I know that the
Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] who pre-
sents this report, took a different view of that
matter; but other members of the Judiciary Com-
mittee—a majority of that committee—held that
the Senator from Iowa was not entitled to his
seat because a majority of the Senate of that State
did not participate in his election. I now call on
thg Senator from Connecticut to explain how it
is that it was incompetent to prove except by the
Journals of the Senate of Iowa that that body
did not participate in the election of a Senator;
and how it is competent to prove outside of the
Journals of the Senate of Indiana whether that
Senate participated in such an election ?
I think I have shown to those who have done
me the honor to listen, and I think every Senator
will have seen for himself, if he has examined
this report of the committee, that they do not
presenta single issue of fact between these parties
about which it is competent to take parol testi-
mony. In the first place, there is no material
issue of fact between the parties, and if there is
a material point in issue it cannot be proven by
parol testimony.
Now, sir, what is this case? Is there any diffi-
culty about it? Are not all the facts necessary
to an intelligent decision of it before the Senate?
The Legislature of Indiana consists of two bodies
under the constitution of that State, a Senate and
a House of Representatives. T'he Senate con-
sists of fifty members, the House offlepresenta-
tives of one hundred. A convention is held for
the purpose of electing a United States Senator
without any action of either branch of the General
Assembly to bring about that convention. This
is not denied. It is not pretended by the sitting
member that either branch of the Legislature of
Indiana passed any joint resolution for going into
the election of a United States Senator. A portion
of the members of both Houses met together and
made an election, a majority of the members of
one House, and a minority of the members of
the other House. This is not denied in terms,
though it is said that a majority of the legally
qualified members participated m the election.
The election is made by this body thus assembled.
The Senator comes here, and the case is presented
to the Senate by the persons protesting against it,
on the ground, in the first plane, that " there was
no agreement of the two Houses of the General
Assembly, by resolution or otherwise, to proceed
to the appointment orelection of Senatorsm Con-
gress on said day or any other day of the present
session." That is not denied. It is, secondly,
insisted that " there was no joint convention of
the two Houses of the said General Assembly on
said day, nor was there any law of the State au-
thorizing a joint convention on that day, or any
other day, for the appointment or election of
United States Senators, nor was there any reso-
lution or joint resolution approved or adopted by
the two Houses of the said General Assembly,
or either of them, authorizing such joint conven-
tion." The sitting member in his answer does
not deny one of these facts.
Third, it is said that "said pretended joint
convention was a mere assembly of a portion of
the Senators and Representatives of the said Gen-
eral Assembly, not in a legislative capacity, but
as individuals, without any authority of law,
without precedent in the history of the Legisla-
ture of the State, and having no legis'ativc sanc-
tion; and said Senators and Representatives,
when so convened, had no more constitutional
right to appoint or elect Senators than any equal
'number of private citizens of the'State." There
is a dispute about the right of such a meeting to
elect Senators, but that is a legal question. It is
not a question depending on parol evidence; for
its decision, we must,refer to the constitution an'3,
the laws of Indiana, and we wish rfio testimony
from that State to prove what they are. We have
them here:
It is, fourthly, set forth by the protestants, that
" There not a constitutional quorum of either .House
of the General Assembly present in said pretended joint
convention, there being only twenty-three Senators"—
the sitting member insists that there were twenty-
four—
"and sixty-two Representatives, when, by the eleventh
section of the fourth article of the constitution of this
State, it requires two thirds of each House to constitute a
quorum to do business, and when, by the law of the States
the number of Senators is fixed at fifty, and the number of
Representatives at one hundred, in said General Assembly."
These are the points made by the protestants,
and I insist that not one of them which is mate-
rial is denied. If they are denied, they are all
established by record evidence now before the
Senate. We have presented here the record of
this joint convention, duly certified by the Clerk
of the House of Representatives or his assistant;
and that record shows eighty-six votes were cast
at#he time when the sitting Senator was elected—
sixty-two of which were given by Representa*
tives,and twenty-four by Senators. Twenty-four
is not a majority of iifty. We have a copy of
the Journal of the Senate of Indiana, utterly re-
pudiating this joint convention. That is the evi-
dence to which we are to look, and it is not com-
petent to contradict it, except by showing the
copies to be incorrect. If the Committee on the
Judiciary mean to say that the record evidence
brought here is incorrect, that presents a differ-
ent question. I grant you, if the Journals are
improperly copied, it is competent to get correct
copies; but that is not proposed. The Journals
of the Senate of Indiana, and of this pretended
joint convention, show how this election was
brought about.
Now, what is the case of the sitting member,
as made by himself? 1 ask attention to it, because
Senators will be called upon to vote on this ques-
tion, and it is not a question of the hour or thfe
day. It is to go to the settlement of the rights
to seats in this body for all time to come. It is
not merely in reference to the member now claim-
ing a seat that we are to decide, but we are to
establish a principle. It is to be settled whether
this Senate will send out a commission to take
parol testimony to ascertain whether the mem-
bers of this body are legally elected, whose elec-
tion can only come from a legislative body whose
proceedings are required to be recorded, and when
the record furnishes the evidence, and the only
comp'etent evidence, to which we can resort to
ascertain the fact. The sitting member says
—" he was elected to s>aid office by a majority of all the
members composing the Legislature of the State,tliey berns*
then, and for that purpose, assembled in joint convention."
Does anybody dispute it? He received cfttk
eighty votes, and the members of both Houses
of the Indiana Legislature amount to only one
hundred and fifty. It is admitted that he got a
majority of the members of the Legislature. .No-
body disputes that; and if that constitutes him a
rightful member of this body, it may be settled
now.
" They being then, and for that purpose, assembled in joint
convention."
No doubt of it. I have no doubt that thc^mem-
bers making this election metjogether for that
very purpose. That was their"design; but it is
not said that the two Houses of the Legislature
of Indiana were convened for that purpose; doubt-
less the individual members were. Everything
claimed by the sitting member in this point is
granted. We need no evidence about it.
His second proposition is that
—u he was elected whilst in such joint convention by a
majority of the legally qualified members of the Senate of
the State, and of the legally qualified members of the
House of Representatives respectively."
Here is a disputed point, I grant you; but in
the opinion of many Senators, as expressed in
the discussion of the right of the Senator from
Iowa to retain his seat, it would make no differ-
enee'if a majority of both branches did assemble
tosrethcr and make the election. It was then in-
sisted, and by no person more strongly than the
Senator from Connecticut, one of the committee
from whom this report comes, that the action of
the individual members of the Legislature was
one thing, and the action of the Houses as legis-
