1036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
lative bodies an entirely different thing; and that
it was necessary to have the action of the Houses
as organized bodies, for the purpose of electing.
If that be so, the fact set up in this second point
is wholly immaterial. What is the allegation ?
It is that a majority of the legally queffified mem-
bers of t-lie Senate, as well as of the House,
elected the sitting member. That is a fact, as I
have before stated, to be proved by the Journal
of the Senate of Indiana, and not by parol evi-
dence.
But, sir, what is meant by the assertion of fact
in this second proposition will be apparent by-
reading the third and fourth. The second, third,
and fourth points made by the sitting member
must be taken together, fully to understand what
he means by a majority of the legally qualified
members of the Senate. In the third point he
says:
" That in order to ascertain the facts stated in the pre-
ceding point, he will hp ahle, by evidence. to show that
three of the persons who are contesting his' election were
not then, and are not now, legally members of the said
State Senate, and had no right whatever, under the Iq^vs
and eonstituuon of the State, to be considered, or, in any
particulai, to act as members of that body; and that thus
was at the time, and still is, well known to the otliei con-
testants."
I should like to inquire of the distinguished
chairman of the Judiciary Committee [Mr. Rut-
ler] whether he proposes to send out to Indiana
to inquire who were the legal members of the
Senate of Indiana? Will he allow parol testi-
mony to be taken before the judges of all the
courts of Indiana, and all over the State, as pro-
posed by this resolution, to determine who are
the members of the Senate of Indiana? Sir, the
constitution of- Indiana has vested in the Senate
of that State the power to determine upon the
election and qualification of its members, and from
that decision there is no appeal; there is no tri-
bunal that has a right to revise the decision of
the Senate of Indiana upon the election and qual-
ification of its own members.
* Fourthly, and in connection with this point,
the sitting member says:
" Thar in the organization of said State Senate, accord-
ing to the constitution, laws, and u-age oftlic State, the
Lieutenant Governor presides, and Mipenntend^ the admis-
sion of the members, and the taking the required oaths of
office."
We can ascertain these facts, except as to
usage, by a reference to the constitution and laws
of Indiana. We wantno evidence on these points;
and I apprehend it is not competent to go into an
examination of witnesses upon the question of
usage.
He further says:
{iThat upon tins occasion, in violation of such constitu-
tion, law*, and u>age, the said three members, who weie
wuhout4hc e\'pre,->!>ly required credentials nf election, the
cemficate of the proper and only .returning officer,'and
JMiOse seats were al.-o known to be contested, and on '
gioundo of fraud, aUo known to be true, weic by a pre- 1
Kifimsz officer, chosen for the purpose by the members of the !
Senate, designated as Republicans, contrary to ail law. and i
by naked wrong,directed, notwithstanding, to he sworn in, i
find for the clear purpose, illegal and fraudulent in tact, of !
defeating an election of Senators of the United States," ;
Now, then, we see what the sitting member -
means when he says he was elected by a majority '
of the legally qualified Senators of Indiana. Fie !
means that three of the Senators of that State had I
not the proper credentials, but were directed by j
the Republican members—an awful set of men it ;
seems—to be sworn in. They were sworn in; '
and he -says he can show that they did not have -
the proper credentials. I should like to ask again
of this Judiciary Committee, of the honorable |
chairman, and of other members of the Senate |
who have taken their seats here upon common ,
rumor, without presenting any credentials at all, l|
are they not legal members of this body, and is '
there any court under heaven that can inquire
into the question of the right by which they hold
their seats? Tins Senate has settled it. The
Senate of Indiana has settled the right of these
three membeis to their seats, and this body has
no authority to examine why they so settled it.
If they admitted members to their seats without
their credentials, it is no business of ours. We
have done the same thing. We had the right to
do it; they had the right to do it, and it cannot
be investigated elsewhere; so that when you come
to see what the Senator from Indiana means
by this qualified assertion that he was elected by
a majority of the legally qualified Senators, he
'means to throw out threo of the acting Stnatois
of the State, on the ground that they were admit-
ted to seats without proper credentials \ Sir, no
testimony which could be given would authorize
this body to make such a decision. Their right
to seats has been settled by a tribunal from which
there is no appeal.
His fifth point is:
" That the baid convention, by whom,as hereinbefore
alleged, the undersigned was elected a Senator of the
United States, was assembled in accordance with an ex-
press provision of the constitution of the State, and that,
in accordance with the long and uniform usage of the State
m that particular, the same was adjourned from 'day to day
by the proper presiding officer thereof, and vested with the
authority so to adjourn, and that each adjournment was
made without objection by a majority of the Senate, even
considering the three persons aforesaid to have been mem-
bers of that body being present."
We can ascertain the material facts set forth in
this fifth proposition by reference to the constitu-
tion of Indiana, which is before us. It is asserted
that the convention" was assembled in accordance
with an express provision of the constitution of
the State." That is a legal question. Idenythat
the sitting member has construed the constitution
of Indiana rightly. The only joint convention
which the constitution of Indiana provides for
can be seen by reference to the instrument itself;
and what is it? This is all there is of it:
"The returns of every election for Governor and Lieu-
tenant Governor shall be sealed up and transmitted to the
scat of government, duccted to the Speaker of the Hou>e
of Representatives who shall open and publish them m the
presence of both Houses of the Geueial Assembly."
The sitting member claims that this meeting,
which came together to witness the opening and
the counting of the votes for Governor, was a
joint convention, which the presiding officer had
a right to adjourn from time to time, and which
convention had a right to elect a Senator. Sir, is
this so ? The other day wc assembled in the other
end of the Capitol to open and count the votes for
a President of the United States, and we had just
as much power to go into a joint convention there
and elect a President, as the members who met
to witness the counting of the votes for Governor
m Indiana had to 50 into an election of United
States Senators. That is the only assemblage of
both Houses 'provided for in the constitution of
Indiana. It is tiue, the next clause of that con-
stitution provides:
'•'In cape two or more person-? shall have an equal, and
the highest, number of votes for either office, the General
Assembly thall, by joint vote, forthwith piocced to elect
one of the said persons Governor or Lieutenant, as the case
may be."
But what has that to do with the election of a
Senator? It is not pretended that the Senator
was elected at the time the votes for Governor
were canvassed. That meeting assembled on the
12th day of January, and it was then that the
Governor of Indiana was inaugurated, but the
Senator was elected on the 4th of February—
almost a month afterwards. How did the meeting
get together on the 4th of February? I will tell
you, sir. On the 32th of January a person as-
suming to act as presiding officer declared that
meeting adjourned — and for what purpose? It
had fulfilled all its duties; the Speaker of the
House of Representatives hjd canvassed the votes;
he had declared who were elceted Governor and
Lieutenant Governor; its functions were ended;
and the only purpose for which the constitution
of Indiana provided that it should assemble was
finished. It was adjourned, however, without
any vote, not by the Speaker, but by a person
assuming to act as presiding officer, until the 2d
of February. Before the 2d of February arrived
the Senate of Indiana took the matter in hand;
they declared they would have nothing to do with
any adjourned meeting of the so-called joint con-
vention, and repudiated in advance any action
which it might take. The records to establish
these facts are here, and, so far as I know, they
are uncontradicted and undenied, but if denied,
the sitting member has doubtless a right to bring
his evidence, and show that the Journals have
been falsely copied. This, however, is not his j
allegation.
Now, I ask, what becomes of his assertion that
the joint convention winch elected him to this
body was convened in pursuance of an express
provision of the constitution of Indiana? Sir,
there is no such provision. The Constitution of
the United States requires Senators to be elected;
but it devolves on tie Legislature to elect them,
and to prescribe, in the absence of an act of Con-
, the time, the place, and the manner of their
election, which is not pretended to have been done
in this case.
The sixth proposition of the sitting member is:
" That there is not now in said State, as the undersigned
is advised, any law for the regulation of the election of
Senators of the United States, or in any way providing
for the same; and that according to the best professional
and judicial opinions in the State, the election is to he made
by the convention of the Legislature assembled under the
constitution of the State, to count the votes and decide
upon the election of Governor and Lieutenant Governor, as
a power necessarily existing in the Legislature, and from
the obligations of the State to elect Senators."
In this point, we have the sitting member's
whole case. He shows here what his joint con-
vention was. He says that according to the best
professional and judicial opinions in Indiana, the
meeting of the Legislature to count the votes
for Governor has a right to elect United States
Senators. Is that the opinion of this body? Is it
the opinion of an individual member of the Sen-
ate of the United States ? If it is, let us take up
the case and decide it at once. _We need no
parol evidence on that point. When you take the
whole answer of the Senator from Indiana—I
have read to the Senate only the material portions
of it—it comes to this: He insists that the meet-
ing of the members of the General Assembly of
Indiana to witness the counting of the votes for
Governor by the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives, has, without any law of the State,
authority to adjourn, from time to time upon the
mere ip^e dixit of a self-constituted presiding offi-
cer, and to elect United States Senators without
any action of the Legislature—a proposition, I
venture to say, which cannot be maintained for a
single moment, either before this or any St her
intelligent tribunal.
I have endeavored to present this case clearly
before the Senate as one calling for immediate
action. It has already been too long delayed. I
have no personal feeling about it. The reason I
have taken part in the matter is, because the pro-
testing members of the Legislature of Indiana
thought proper to transmit the papers to me, with
a request that I would present them to the Senate.
The protesting members have urged upon this
body an early decision of the case; the sitting
member himself has, through his colleague, ex-
: pressed a wish for an early decision, as it was
| natural he should do; and I "insist that he is enti-
tled to it; that it is due alike to him, to the pro-
testants, to the Legislature of Indiana, and to this
body, that the matter should be speedily settled.
There are other objections to the resolution of
the committee. It does not specify upon what
points testimony is to be taken. I have endeav-
ored, by a reference to the main facts alleged by
the protestants and the sitting member, to ascer-
tain what is in issue. When you scan those alle-
gations, and look at them fairly and impartially,
I think there is no material point of fact 111
controversy. What does the resolution say?
"That the sittingmemberand the protestants be
permitted to take testimony on the allegations of
the protestants, and the sitting member, touching
all matters of fact therein contained." Are we
to have witnesses in Indiana examined as to who
constitute the Legislature of Indiana ? Will the
rules of evidence tolerate that? Where is it to
be taken? ''Before any judge of the district
i court of the United States, or any judee of the
' supreme or circuit courts of the State of "Indiana,
by first giving ten days'notice of the time and
place of such proceeding, in some public gazette
printed at Indianapolis." There arc a number
of judges of the supreme court of Indiana, and
ten or fifteen circuit judges. Taken together,
there are nearly twenty judges scattered all over
the State of Indiana, before whom this testimony
is to be taken. It may be taken before any of
them at any place, for the resolution is not spe-
cific. Who is to attend to it on the part of the
protesting members ? The Legislature of Indiana
will have adjourned in a few days? This is a
matter of public importance. It is important to
this body. These protestants are members of the
Legislature of Indiana. Are they going over the
State to appear before circuit judges to attend to
the taking of testimony ? I trust that if any such
resolution is to pass at all, (which I hope will not
be the case,) it will first be amended by specifying
the points upon which testimony is to be taken,
and next by specifying some one? or two, or three
