1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2.
passed by the Legislature and signed by die Gov-
ernor. He afterwards sends a message taking
back his approval of the bill, and he vetoes it
against their consent. If it is a good law, the
only legal Legislature will be that which is elected
under that law; and if a Senator be elected by the
next Legislature of Illinois, we may be compelled
to determine which is the Legislature, and we
must necessarily determine it. There may be two
bodies claiming to be the Legislature Each one
of them will have fair records and fair journals.
That is in the Senator's own State. How can he
ascertain which is the legal Legislature? One of
them will be illegal—both cannot be the right
Legislature. They can say,il Here is a fair jour-
nal, and you cannot go outside of it." I say it
will then become your duty to know which is the
Legislature constituted according to the laws of
Illinois, and who are the persons to whom the
Constitution of the United States commits the
trust of electing a Senator.
I say,therefore, that this is a material fact. If
they could thrust in three, they could thrust in
all If lawless power, as is here alleged, brought
in three, why could it not bring in thirty? If
those persons were not legally inducted into office,
  majority of the Senate of Indiana voted for the
. fntting member; if they were legally inducted, a
majority did not vote for him. That is a fact so
decisive on me as to carry my vote. I want to
know it. It will control my vote in conformity
to the speech I made here in favor of the right of
the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan] to his seat.
It is on record—it is in print.
Again, sir, what is the reason that the Senator
gives for his extraordinary activity in this case?
These law-abiding protestants stand smeared all
over with the guilt of having violated their duty
to the constitution of their country, and they do
* not come before me with the least claim to indul-
gence of any sort by their own showing. I? the
action of this Senate, by Us paying proper atten-
tion to the important business before it, should
not decide this question until after the term of
that Legislature expires, and theieby secures to
Indiana two Senators in a manner pointed out bv
the constitution, I shall be glad of it. I shall
rejoice it has so happened that the constitution
has made provision bv which these lawless dehors
of the Constitution of the United States, and of
their own State, shall be defeated m their iniqui-
tous partisan schemes. I will not aid them in
their disorganizing policy. They here declare to
us, m this'fifth resolution, that they " have been
deprived of their constitutional rigfit to assist m
the legal election of the Senators m the Congress
of the United States by said illegal, revolutionary,
and unauthorized elections. " They affect a sacred
regard for law and order in the very act of tramp-
ling law and duty under their feet—regular law
and order men! They are men who would not
perform theirduty; andevery member knows that
the charge contained m the resolution I have read
is not true. It is because they did not perform
their duty, because they did not want to perform
it, and did not wish to have their State represented
in the Senate, that this difficulty has arisen. It
is a schcme by which their own State, which has
already been without one of its Senators for two
rears, may be without both for two years more.
will aid no such men. Let us go on, and*do our
duty in this case as we did in the case of the Sen-
ator from Illinois himself, and the Senator from
Iowa, and correct judgments on a calm review of
the facta. Do not let us go on without ali the
facts.
The Senator from Illinois seems to argue this
Ccvse as though he were before a justice's court.
Even in such courts the rule in my State is that
you may have a continuance on the allegation of
certain farts which may he material to the issue,
and to obtain which you desire time, or you may
go to trial at once upon the facts being admitted
by the other side. I am ready to give my verdict
now, if the Senator from Illinois is authorized to
admit the facts stated by the sitting Senator. If
those facts be true, I am ready to decide; but I am
not ready to decide without knowing whether
thev are true or false.
The Senator objects that we have not selected
the proper persons to take testimony. Being spe-
cially charged with this subject, by the commit-
tee of which I am a member, it became my duty
^ to examine tha precedents from 1789 to now. I
found that it had been the custom, in matters of
contested election, to take testimony according to
the order of each House, sometimes in one way,
sometimes in another; but the most usual and the
best way was to allow it to be taken by the judi-
cial officers of the different States where the trans- ,
action occurred. I have followed the precedents j
of sixty years in providing that the persons be- |
fore whom this testimony should be taken, should j
be the supreme and circuit judges of Indian#; j
the persons in whose hands she places the life,
liberty, and property of every citizen within her
limits. Are not these safe hands? If not, it is
her fault, not mine. Are they not honest hands ?
If not, it is her fault, not mine. This report fol-
lows the usage of the Government. There is no
reason for this extraordinary effort to force the
Senate to a decision out of the usual order, with-
out the facts, and I will give it no countenance of.
any sortl
Mr. WELLER. It must be obvious that we
cannot take the question on this resolution now.
It is in the way of important public business. If
the discussion be continued, some of those meas-
ures which arc indispensable to the existence of
the Government, may be defeated. I, therefore,
for the purpose of terminating this debate, and
.proceeding to the consideration of important pub-
lic business, move to lay the whole subject on the
table.
Mr. BRIGHT. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I call for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IIALE. Before the vote is taken, I ask
the indulgence of the Senate to puta,single ques-
tion, whether, if the subject be laid on the table,
it can be taken up again at this session?
Mr. WELLER. The Senator knows very
well that if my motion be agreed to, the subject
can bo taken up again on the 4th or 5th of March,
when the Senate convenes under the proclamation
of the President.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 23; as follows:
YDAS—Messrs. Adams, Alion, Bayaul, Bcujtini'n, Biggs,
Diown, Butler, Ciay, Cnttenden, Douglas., Fitzpnti ie~k,
Gwui, Humor, Tverson, Jam'.^, Johnson, Ma^on, Peaice,
Piau, Pugh, Ileid. Ru-vk. Sebastian, Udell, Stuart,Toombs,
Toucev, and Weller —28.
NAYS—Me^rs liell of New Hampshire, Bright, Brod-
head, Cass, Collamer. Dodge, Durkoe, Fessenden, Fi&h,
Foot, Foster, Hale, fLulan, Jouus of Tovva, Jones of" Ten-
nessee, Nvour«5f, howard, Sumner, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—23.
So the resolution was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. CASS presented the credentials of the Hon.
Jesse D. Bright, elected a Senator by the Legis-
lature of Indiana, for six years from the 4th of
March, 1857; which were read and ordered to be
filed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
House of Representatives concur in the resolu-
tion of the Senate for the suspension of the 16th
and 17th joint rules of the two Houses for the
residue of' the session.
The message also announced that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 300) for the relief
of Joshua Knowles, Jr., and others, owners of
the schooner Garnett, of Truro; which was read
twice hy its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 614) making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 3858, submitted a report
recommending that the House of Representatives
concur in the forty-fifth amendment of the Senate,
with amendments as follows: after the word " In-
dians," in line three of said amendment, insert,
for the Omahaagency,for the Kickapoo agency,
and Kansas agency;" m line three, strike out the
word '*Osage," and insert in lieu thereof the
word " Neosho.
That the Senate recede from its thirty-fourth,
forty-sixth, forty-seventh, and forty-ninth amend-
ments to the said bill.
That the House of Representatives do concur
in the twenty-first, twenty-second, thirty-sixth,
forty-first, forty-second, forty-third, forty-fourth,
forty-eighth, fiftieth, and fifty-first amendments
of the Senate.
The report was agreed to.
ENROLLED BTLLS SIGNEtf.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
An act for the relief of Donn Piatt; and
An act to authorize the issue of a register to the
bark Ann Elizabeth.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone the prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill (H.
R. No. 606) making appropriations for the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial expenses of Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1858, which is the unfinished business. I desire
only to say to the Senate that there are five appro-
priation bills yet behind besides this. Unless
we proceed at once to act upon them, I do not
see how we shall get along.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I presume the bill which
I have been so often attempting to get up is the
business properly in order. If the Senate choose
to lay that aside, I of course cannot help it. The
appropriation bills, however, are sure to pass. I
never knew a session when they did not pass;
and yet everything else is sacrificed to them,
without any pressure of great stated necessity.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill, (H. R. No. 606,) the
pending question being on concurring in the
amendment, made as in Committee of the Whole,
inserting a provision increasing the salary of the
judge of the southern district of California to
$4,500.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. lam in favor of increas-
ing the compensation of that judge to a proper
amount; but as this amendment has notbeen rec-
ommended by the Judiciary Committee, I hope
it will be withdrawn.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us vote on it. It can-
not now be withdrawn.
The question being taken by yea? and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 36; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Bright, Dodge, Evans, Gieen, Gwin,
Hoiwon, Iverson, Jones of Iowa, Pratt, Rusk, Thomson
of New Jersey, Weller, and Yulee—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Allen, Bell of New Hampshire,
Belt of Tennessee, Biggs, Bigler, Brodhead, Brown, Clay,
Coliamer, Douglas Fessenden, Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Foot,
Foster, Geyer, Hale, Ilarlan, Hunter, James, Jones of Ten-
nessee, Mason, Nourse, I'earce, Pugh, Reid, Reward, Sli-
de!!, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilson,and Wnght—36.
So the amendment was not concurred in.
Mr WELLER. I should like now to have a
vote on the same proposition with a modification.
I understand the Judiciary Committee are willing
to increase the salary to $4,000. I hope the Senate
will agree to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment is not now in order, and will not be in order
until the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole shall have been disposed of. The
next reserved amendment is that increasing the
salary of the judge of the northern district of
Illinois to §3,500. The question is on concurring
in that amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HUNTER. If we increase this judge's
salary, we shall have to increase others.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 32, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bell of New Hampshire, BeH of Ten-
nessee, Bigler, Bright, Cass, Coilamer, Dodge, Douglas,
Fe^emien, Fi^h, Font, Foster, Geyer, Green, Hale. Har-
lan. Houston, James, Jones of Iowa, Malloiy. Nourse,
Peaice, Rusk, Sewaid, Stuart, Tuombs. Trumbull, Wade,
Weller, WiKon, Wright, and Yulee—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams. Allen, Biggs, Brodhead, Brown,
Ciay, Evans, Fitzpatriek, Hunter, Iverson, Jones of Ten-
nessee Mason, Pugh, lieid, Sebastian, Shdell, and Thomp-
son of Kentucky—17.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The last re-
served amendment of those made by the Senate
in Committee of the Whole is that giving the
consent ofCongressiotheacceptance, by Thomas
