1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
omitted by mistake, because it has been the uni-
versal practice in the land States to make this
extra compensation. But I will not detain the
Senate.
Mr. GWIN. Is this amendment reported by
any committee ? I have good reasons to give why
it should no t pass; but as this gentleman is a j udge
in my own State, I hope not ty be called upon to
five them. I trust the amendment will be voted
own at once.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope the honor-
able Senator will state his reasons.
Mr. BIGGS. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. GWIN. I will state my reasons. I want
to know, Mr. President, from the Senator who
introduces this amendment 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will please come to order. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia and the Senator from Tennessee are in-
formed that there is a question of order raised.
Mr. GWIN. Have I not the floor?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A question of
order is raised by the Senator from North Caro-
lina.
Mr. BIGGS. Is not this legislation proposed
for a private claim? It is for services not here-
after to be performed, but services already per-
formed; and it has not been recommended by any
committee. It seems to me that, under our rules,
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. .1 suppose I know
what the Chair will say to that, and I have a re-
ply to it. The very same thing lias been done in
several instances within the last two hours, and
done by a'pretty decided vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from North Carolina makes a question of order,
and it must be decided without debate.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I am only appeal-
ing to the Senate to do justice in a crying- case.
How could we get this matter before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Tennessee is informed that under the rules
of the Senate the questSin of order must be de-
cided without debate. The Senator from North
Carolina inquires whether this appropriation has
been recommended by any standing committee.
The Chair is informed that it has not been recom-
mended by any committee. The 30th rule of the
Senate provides:
"No amendment pinpoint* additional appiopriations
shall be received to any general appiopnatiou bill, unless
it be made to carry out the piovisions ol some existing law,
or some act or resolution previously pa-^ed by the Senate
duiin? that session, or moved by direction of a standing or
select committee of the Senate."
The Chair is of opinion that this amendment
does not come within the exceptions stated in the
rule.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I appeal from the
.decision of the Chair so far as to state the
grounds 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will allow the Chair to complete his opinion.
The Chair is of opinion that this amendment
does not come within any of the exceptions stated
ia the rule, and therefore is not in order, and can-
not be rcceivcd.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair to this extent only: I appeal
to the justice and impartiality of the Senate to
admit this claim. How can we ever get it here ?
The Judiciary Committee is the only committee
that can appropriately claim the jurisdiction of
such questions, and it has rejected this claim on
such grounds as those which I have stated. Are
we to have no appeal to the Senate on such a
question ? The moment it is sprung on the Sen-
ate, and an appeal is taken from the judgment of
the Judiciary Committee, some gentleman rise?
and asks if the amendment has been recom-
mended by any committee. It is not merely'on
that ground that I appeal to the sense of justice
and impartiality of the Senate. It is on the
ground that they themselves have acquiesced in
and voted for amendments standing on no better
principle than this, and not half so just, not called
for by so many considerations appealing to every
sentiment of justice and impartiality. I need not
refer to the 'decisions made on Saturday night.
Some of them stand now. The motion for the
increase of the salary of the judge of the north-
ern district of Illinois still stands unrevoked, and
has been confirnled withm the list half hour.
The Senator from North Carolina did not raise
any objection in that case that I remember.
Mr.BIGGS/ The question was made.
_ Mr. BELL,-of Tennessee. I think not^ but if
it was, it was feebly done. I do notwish^ how-
ever, to disturb that decision after it .lias been
acquiesced in. We also voted on Saturday night
to increase the compensation of some of the in-
ferior officers of the Supreme Court, on the alle-
gation that the money came out of the contingent
fund of the court, that the amendment did not
increase the appropriation made by the bill, and
therefore did not come within the letter and the
rule which the Chair has read on this occasion.
Now, sir, I appeal to the Senate in a just, a
highly just case, one calling for their interposi-
tion more strongly, one appealing to their sense
of right more loudly, than any appropriations
made by amendments offered to this bill. Other
amendments have been added without the recom-
mendation of a committee. Why exclude this?
I have no interest in it more than any other per-
son. 1 urge the case because I think gross injus-
tice has been done to this district judge. I have
heard the Senator from California himself say,
that it is a wonder he lived through all the work
he has had to perform. He got sick once and
came home, and remained four or live months.
The wonder is that he was not d-ead long ago.
Mr. GWIN. Allow me to state my own case.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I will state what
I know of it, and let the Senator keep back .his
points for the present. I have heard it said that
it is a wonder this judge survived three years of
very hard service which he had to perform. He
may perhaps be considered an ambitious young
man. He is undoubtedly a man of unimpeached
integrity, of great abilities and learning, natural
and acquired. I have heard no one yet venture
to impeach his impartiality and integrity; but he
is to be made the victim—not the victim exactly,
but he is to be the only man left at an inadequate
salary in a. high position, where the greatest
temptations were held out, if he were capable of
yielding to influences of any kind m his decisions,
l^or three years he had to decide all the land titles
of the State, besides a great maritime and com-
mon law jurisdiction in that growing State. I do
not know what may be the feelings and sympa-
thies and sense of justice of other members, but I
will leave the case with them.
Mr. BUTLER. Mr. President, I cannotunder-
stand the cause of so much feeling upon this sub-
ject on the part of the Senator from Tennessee.
The Committee on the Judiciary certainly had no
temptations to exclude Judge Hoffman from any
of the rights of other judges. They went on the
broad ground that, while it was competent for
Congress to pass a law increasing his salary, it
was against the spirit of the Constitution and the
judicial tenure to have a floating salary dependent
on a compensation to be awarded in the discretion
of Congress. I will never agree to such a prop-
osition as that. I have seen the Supreme Court
of the United States worn down day after day
and night after night by the accumulation of new
business which you had thrown on their hands
by the enlargement of their jurisdiction. What
would be thought of a proposition to vote money
to the judges of the Supreme Court, not to increase
their salaries, but to compensate them for extra
services? I want men to accept the judicial office
for the honor of the ermine, and not come here
for special compensation. 1 have no antipathy
to Judge Hoffman. I recollect when his nom-
ination was here. He is indebted to me perhaps
as much as to any other person in that lespect.
If this matter is to comc before the Senate, let it
come through the regular channel. I must be
permitted to say to my friend from Tennessee that
he has taken the woist way to carry his point to
provoke a controversy with the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I suppose I have.
Mr. BUTLER. I know you have.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I saw that nothing
could be done, unless I made an issue with them.
I say the case put by the honorable Senator from
South Carolina is not parallel to this. He says
that this question should eome before the Senate
through the ordinary channel. What is that
channel* The ordeai that he institutes over it in
his committee. He will never support such a
proposition, and he has enough of the members
of the committee to support his judgment in that
respect, on the ground that it is contrary to the
principle oi\theConstitutIon. He thinks thatas
you cannot diminish a.judge's salary, you can-
not make him extra compensation..
This case and that put by the honorable Sena-
tor are not parallel. Here was a large amount of
extra business thrown on this judge, that did not
appropriately belong to his court. There were
live hundred land cases brought before the board
of commissioners from the southern, and three
hundred from the northern district of California.
This judge had to pass upon the greater portion
of those titles. _ When the duties of the southern
district of California were thrown on him, it is
true, Congressgranted him an increased compen-
sation of $1,500, until the new judge should be
appointed, which was some six or eight months,
I think; and then he reverted to his pittance of
$3,500. I hope my friend from California [Mr.
Weller] will state what he knows of the sub-
ject.
Mr. WELLER. I have but very little to say
on this question. This court was organized soon
after the 
Mr. ADAMS. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will state his point of order.
Mr. ADAMS. My point of order is this?4he
Chair decided that this amendment was not in
order; and on an appeal being taken, the merits
of the question are not matters subject to discus-
sion, and the debate should be confined to the
question of appeal, and the propriety or impro-
priety of the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The correct-
ness of the decision of the Chair is the subject of
debate.
Mr. WELLER. It is very difficult for the
Chair to decide how far, upon an appeal, Sena-
tors may go in discussing the question.
i desire to say, Mr. President, after the ap-
pointment of this judge in the northern district,
the land bill was passed; and the passage of that
act devolved upon that judge an extraordinary
amount of labor. There are some three hundred
land cases that havCf been found within that dis-
trict. The largest, the most valuable, and most
complicated land cases have been prosecuted in that
district court. So great was the labor imposed on
that court, that two years ago Congress gave to
the district attorney who prosecuted those cases
on behalf of the Government, an additional com-
pensation of $10,000. The salary of the district
attorney was fixed at §10,000, but so great was
the additional labor imposed on that court that
Congress, as I said before, gave $10,000 extra to
the district attorney that tried the cases in that
court. Now, I apprehend that there was an equal
amount of labor imposed on that judge in passing
upon and examining those cases as was imposed
on the district attorney. We had no district
judge in the southern portion of the State until
18.33. In consideration of the duties of the south-
ern judge devolving upon Judge Hoffman, Con-
gress, by special enactment, gave him $1,500.
He is now receiving a salary of $5,000. This
labor has been performed. You have found it
necessary to reward the district attorney who
prosecuted the cases in that court, and justice de-
mands that the same liberality should be extended
to the judge of the northern district.
I can confirm what my friend from Tennessee
said in regard to the character of this judge, his
intelligence, his ability, and his impartiality.
| Against him I have never heard a word of sus-
picion.
The judges of the district court of California
now rcceivc a salary of $6,000 per annum; the
(judges of the supreme court of that State receive
; $8,000. It will be perceived that there has been
I avast amount of labor imposed on this judge for
which he has received no additional compensa-
; tion; and justice, in my judgment, demands that
j it should be made.
! Mr. GWIN. I do not like to speak on this
| amendment, as it has been declared by the Prcs-
' ident of the Senate to be out of order; but I want
j my colleague to state how many laud cases were,
tried by this judge before his salary was raised
I to $5,000? In my opinion, there were not ten
| land cases tried in the northern district three years
1 ago. I* believe there were but eight. There have
; been more services performed iu these land cases*
