1044
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
by'the judge of the southern than by the judge
of the northern district, because, with the excep-
tion of eight or ten eases, he has had assistance.
Mr. President, I do not wish to speak on this
question. It is a private claim. It goes back to
pay for duties heretofore performed/and it gives
no compensation for the future. It is recom-
mended by no committee; and inasmuch as it ex-
cludes one of the district judges who performed
as much services as the gentleman proposed to
be compensated, I am opposed to it.
Mr. WELLER. ,1 simply desire to correct an
error into which my colleague has fallen. It is
true, the judge of the southern district passed
upon a much larger number of cases than Judge
Hoffman, in the northern district; but I think it
will be found, upon examination, that the judge
of the northern district has sat for a longer period
in adjudicating those cases than the judge of the
southern district, for this reason: there were not i
so many complicated questions in the southern j
part of the State; there were not so many eon-|
flicting titles; the decision of one case decided !
some ten or fifteen other cases at once. I am not j
disposed to underrate the labors of the judge of :
the southern district, for you can readily perceive i
that, with five hundred land cases before him, he •
was necessarily compelled to labor; but I think !
it ifcill be found that the judge of the noithern dis-
trict has spent as much time in adjudicating those
cases as the judge of the southern district.
Mr. GWXN. My colleague knows that the
judge of thesouthern district performed the duties
of both districts, in deciding those cases, while
Judge Hoffman was out of the country.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. "When ?
Mr. GWIN. While Judge Hoffman was ab-
sent from the country.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. From 1833 to 1855?
Mr. GAVIN. Yes, sir; from 1853 to 1855, the
judge of the southern district sat in the northern
district, and dccided some of the most important
and heaviest eases in the northern district.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall be allowed
to take the question. There are five appropria-
tion bills yet to be acted upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 'The question
is on the appeal taken by the Senator from Ten-
nessee from the decision of the Chair, that tins
amendment was not in order.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not mean to
appeal from that decision, but I appeal to the
Senate.
Mr. ADAMS. There is but one mode of ap-
pealing, and that is an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. The *Chair
decidcs the amendment to be out of order. Does
the Chair understand the Senator from Tennessee
to withdraw his appeal?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do. I will not
appeal: but I think the President has dccided it
improperly. What I wish is to have a vote on
the amendment.
The PRESIDENT -pio tempore. The amend-
ment cannot, be received under the rules.
Mr. HUNTER. The question is on the appeal
of the Senator from Tennessee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempnrp. The Chair
understands that the appeal is withdrawn.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir, it is not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the appeal taken from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I do not want to
be undei stood as gainsaying or denying the de-
cision of the Choir, on this question, or as stating
that it is contrary to the rules of the Senate. i.
wish the question to be submitted, to the Senate
to say what, the decision shall bo in this case, as
has been done m regard to other amendments. 1
look for strict impartiality from the Chair in the
decision of that question, and that he will permit
this question to be decided by the Senate, as weli
asotheis. Two amendments have been agreed
to this day which were not recommended by a
committee. The honorable Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. said that the question was
raised upon them; but the Chair exorcised the
discretion of permitting the Sennte to decide
whether those amendments should be received
under the rule. Why, sir, I believe the amend-
ment jnaking an appropriation to Mr. Perry was
not offered by the authority of pny committee. J
understood the argument against it was that it
did not come from a regular committee; and yet
it was agreed to by a large vote.
Mr. STUART. Let us vote on this question.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I desire to have a
vote, and my objection is that the President will j
not allow the Senate to vote on this subject. t
My friend from South Carolina says that I .
have taken the wrong course to impugn the char- ,
acter of the Committee on the Judiciary. Why, :
sir, I do not wish to impugn the motives of any '
Senator upon that committee. I only say that j
their decision on tins question diminishes my re- i
spect for the general acuteness, intelligence, and ,
legal acumen of that respectable committee. I
said that I had no respect for their decision on J
that particular question. i
Mr. BUTLER. But the Senate has. ;
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope the Chair
will allow the Senate to vote on the question of ■
' the admissibility of the amendment. j
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair j;
! will state to the Senator that the question is not ! j
| whether the amendment relates to a private claim. ];
; It makes an appropriation, and the question is i!
, whether it is within the exception of the 30 th rule,
i The Chair did, on a former occasion, and may
' again hereafter, submit to the Senate the question
j whether an amendment be or be not a private
; claim. That, is not the question before the Senate.
| The question is on the appeal of the Senator from
I Tennesspe.
The question being put, the decision of the
j Chair was sustained.
; _ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
' is on the following amendment of the Senator
i from California, [Mr. Weller:]
i And that the of the judjrc of the southern district
i of California .shall licreuftei be .$ 4,003 per annum.
j| _ Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope if that amendment
II is adopted the Senate will also receive favorably
j! an amendment which I shall offer, increasing the
j, salary of the jud^c of the eastern district of Lou-
;i isiana to the same sum. 1 do not choose to raise
l! a point of order on tins subject, because I believe
!j at one time at a former session, this increase of
1 the salary had the support of the Judiciary Com-
| mittee, but they have recommended it at this ses-
| sion.
ij Mr. President, the salary of the judge of the
; southern district of California is now $2,800 a
year. The purposes for which that judge was
; created have been accomplished. Tlioland claims
j have nearly all been settled, and the office will, in
I the course of a year or two, become a very sin-
; ccure, and yet the proposition is to give him a
salary of $4,000, when judges in the cities on the
j. Atlantic sea-board receive but §3,500. I call the
attention of the Senate to that Tact, and I trust it |
will not be necessary to go further in opposition j
to this amendment. 1 j
r'• Mr. ADAMS. I understand from my friend I
from Ohio that the Committee on the Judiciary at ,
i' this session ha\e nut reported this amendment at !
!: ali. j
|] Mr. PUGH. I did not say so. It may have I,
been renorted just now. ,1
ji Mr. WELLER. I offered the amendment, !
jj because I understood I had the authority of the
|j Senator from Ohio and three other members of'i
the Judiciary Committee to do so. [[
Mr. HUNTER. The committee cannot au- !!
,, thorize another person not one of its own mem- ;!
i burs to offer an amendment. ji
Mr. ADAMS. The only question of order is !|
; whether the amendment was reported by the Ju- '
: djciary Comrrutti'e. If not, then it comes within i
• the rule. That question has already been decided. :i
I raise the question of order. {'
Ij Mr. PUGH. I am in favor of this increase of \,
salary, but T am opposed to putting such tilings
i] on an appropriation bill. I have voted against ,!
every one of these amendments increasing the
i1 salary of judges, and 1 shall continue so to vote, jj
j; This very amendment was offered in Committee ■
1 o f the Whole while we were considering this !
'! bill from the Committee on Military Affairs; it ;j
}| was put into the bill which was reported to the j
, j Senate, where we took the yeas and navs on con- I;
earring in the amendment, and voted it down. [ ii
ji wish to know whether the same amendment can jj
.j be offered to the same bill at different stages? j!
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It was offered M
| in Committee of the Whole, but it can be again
1 offered iu the Senate.
i Mr. PUCII. It was offered and voted down
' ill the committee, and voted down m the Senate.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood from the Senator from California that
this amendment was offered by direction of the
Committee on the Judiciary, and if so, it is in
order.
Mr. WELLER. My friend from Alabama
[Mr. Fitzpatrick] came to me this morning and
: informed me that he had talked with four mem-
bers of the Committee on the Judiciary, and they
, were willing t!lat this judge's salary'should be
put at $4,000. It was in concurrence with that
understanding that I supposed I had the authority
of the Judiciary Committee, when X offered the
amendment.
i Mr. PUGH. I am in favor of this increase of
I salary; but I cannot consent to put it upon an
appropriation bill. I think this judge ought to
have the salary proposed in the amendment.
Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. I move to
amend the amendment by reducing the sum to
$4,000.
i The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
I will inform the Senator that §4,000 i§ the sum
, named in the amendment.
; Mr. BELL, of New Hampshire. Then I move
j to amend it by substituting $3,500.
| The PRESIDENT pro'tempore. The amend-
! ment is not yet before the Senate.
| Mr. FITZPATR1CK. It is proper that I
; should say a word on this amendment 
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
This amendment does not come from any com-
mittee, and is not, therefore, before the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. It is too late to raise the
question of order. This amendment was voted
I on during Saturday night.
| Mr. PUGH. I shall offer the amendment, so
1 as to put it on a proper basis. The Committee
j on the Judiciary reported in favor of the increase
i of the salary of other judges, and I think this
! one ought to be increased; and therefore I do not
J object to it on that ground.
j Mr. HUNTER. The committee cannot dele-
j gate their authority to offer an amendment to
i another person.
, The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
I understands that the Senator from Mississippi
' rises to a point of order. The Chair was in-
; formed by the Senator from California that he
' had the assent of die Judiciary Committee to
: present the amendment in this form. The rule of
I the Senate makes an exception in a case, amongst
j others, where the amendment is <{ moved by di-
! rection of a standing or select committee of the
' Senate.The Chair does not understand that
: any Senator but one on a committee can take the
i diiection of that committee.
j Mr. PUG f*I. The committee has agreed to it.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
; decides the amendment not to be in order.
! Mr. PUGH. I will offer the. amendment. I
■ have no doubt the committee will agree to it; but
: I shall hav^ to vote against it.
| Mr. WELLER. The decision of the Chair
i places it in rhis unpleasant position. Theamend-
| naentwas offered on Saturday night, ard a vote
| was had upon it m Committee of the Yv hole.
| The bill was reported to the Senate, and the yeas
! and nays were taken on concurring m that amend-
! ment here to-day, and now the Chair decides the
i amendment not to be m order.
; The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chan* was
' not aware that it had b< en oil* red.
I Mi. WELLER I understand my friend from
i Ohio poiv to offer it.
Mr. PUGII. I will offer it because the com-
, nultce have agreed to it. The sum we agreed to,
howevi-r. v> as ^3,5(10.
i Air. FIT>'PATHICK. As I have taken an
interest m increasing the salary of this judge, it
is proper I should state my connection with it.
The am- nument v, as offered on Saturday last,
and was ruled out of order on the ground that it
was noire^osnrnf jidrd by a committee. I took it
upon myself tin* morning to confer with several
of the "membejs of the "Judiciary Committee,
thinking ilsat a proper increase uf this salary
should take place. After conferring v,ith my
friend from Ohio and others, 1 did say to my friend
from California* that four of the committee had
