1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. WELLER. I offer this amendment from
the Committee on Military Affairs:
Jind be it further enacted, That there shall hp atirlrfl to
the Quartermaster's Department of the Army Ave military
storekeepers, who shall giye the bond anil security required
by the existing law, and they, and all other military store-
keepers; shall have in kmil, and in kind only, the fuel and
quarters of a captain ot the Army.
Mr. HUNTER. I dislike to see the officers
of the Army increased in this way, and I should
like to hear some explanation of the amendment.
Mr. WELLER. This increase of military
storekeepers has been asked for many years.
The War Department say it is indispensably
ijecessary, and that it is utterly impossible to get
along without this addition. 1 have some papers
in regard to the amendment which, if the Senator
desires it, can be read.
Mr. HUNTER. No, sir; I do not desire their j
reading. ^
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs is to add at the
end of the bill, as a new section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That tile Secretary of War he,
and he is herety, authorized and required to pay to the
State of Arkansas', out of any money m the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, such sums of money as were paid
by said State, under the authority of the act of the Legisla-
ture of that State, approved January 5, 1 ''19.
Mr. HUNTER. This amendment proposes
an appropriation for the payment of a claim of a
State, and should go on some other bill than the
Army bill.
Mr. WELLER. It is for the payment of
military service, and this is the proper place for
it. Anything connected with the military service
of the Government I should tlunk is in order
upon this bill. I do not know where this amend-
ment could be placed, if not upon the Army ap-
propriation bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs is to insert as a
new section;
Jlnd be it fuithcr cnctifed, That all claims fui <uioai<" <;e -,
due on account of the suppression of Inritnn hostilities in (
I'JoudJi between the jearslb'.'io and l«4J, shall bearer- !
tairied, adjudicated, and adjusted by the proper aecotmtinj: j
officers of the Treasury, upon the principles of equity and
justice, on the pioduetion of clear and satisfactory proof, 1
in all cases, that the supplies were actually furnished in ■
good faith, and the tenices actually rendered as chained, !
and the prices to be allowed «hall be such as prevailed m '
the country at the tune, and tiiat such settlement by the
accounting otlicers aforesaid shall be final and conclusive: •
Provided, That tins provision Miall not apply to any < hum
that has not been already presented foj settlement and pay-
ment to some officer of the Government. . !
The amendment was agreed to. m I
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment of the
Committee 011 Military Affairs is to add the fol- !
lowing as a new section:
That the master aimorersof the national armoues shall
receive *1,.300 pei annum each, the principal cleik at each 1
of the armories .«1.0i'0 per annum, and each of flic other i
clerks $1,100 per annum, and that military stoiekeepers |
shall have the fuel and quartets of a captain of the Army, i
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs is to add:
That the provisions of the act apptoved March 3,1819, i
entitled "An act authorizing the sale of certain mihtaiy
f itfs," be, and they aie hereby, e\fended to all mihtaiy
sites., or to taieh pas ts thereof, which are or may become !
useless fornuhuuy purposes: Provided, ncveithelcsj, That !
nothing m this, act, or m the act above mentioned, shah be
so construed as to impair in nnyww the riitht of the State
vviihtn which ^ueh site or reservation may he situated, to j
impose taves on the same, m like manner a'upon other 1
lands or ptoperty owned by individuals within the State,
alter such sale,.
Mr. BRIGHT. I should like to inquire if
there is any provision for a public sale? ;
1 Mr. WELLER. Those sold under the act of.
18J9 were sold at auction^but it has been de- '
cided that that oct was retrospective, and did not j
apply to any military sites established after the ,
passage of the law. Since that time, of course, !
many military posts have become wholly useless '
to the Government, and this amendment is to '
sell them.
Mr. BRIGHT. At public or private sale? :
Air. WELLER. At public sale, j
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment of the j
Committee on Militaiy Affairs is to insert at the !
end of the bill the following: j
For pay, subsistence, and commuted allowances of six J
companies of vohmtepis, called into the service of the Uni-
ted States, in New Mexico, m the year 2 855, $115,000; and
for forage, transportation, camp and garrison equipage, and
incidental expenses of said troops while in sei vice, $73,500;
and for reimbursement of the quaitermaster's department
for the expenses of a spy company called into service by
Bngadier General Garland, in the ycai 1854, $10,590 60.
As this amendment proposes to appropriate a
large amount, I will have the letter of the Secre-
tary of War in regard to it read.
'the Secretary read it, as follows:
War Department,
Washington-, May 10, ISoG.
Sir : X have the honoi to acknowledge the receipt of your
letter of the 13th ultimo, inclosing two memorials of the
Legislature of New Mexico, asking appropriations foi the
payment of mihtia called out by the acting Governorof the
Teintorv in 1^54; also of volunteers called into the service
of the United States by Brevet Bngadier General John
Garland, commanding department of New Mexico ml855,
and asking tor all the information in the possession of this
Department 011 the subject.
In reply, I transmit extracts from two letters of Brigadier
Genera! Gailand, which contain all that is known"* here
with regard to the militia called out m 185 i.
The six companies of volunteers 111 the service of the
United States in 1855, were called out by Brigadier General
Gailand, and I therefore furnish an estimate of the amount
requited to pay them, and to refund to the duaitermastci-
Geneial's depaitment the amount paid out of the regular
appropriations for the Army, for their expenses.
^Subsistence was furnished them, and paid for out of the
appropriation for subsistence for the Army.
The amount required to be appropriated will be:
Foi pay and commuted allowances $115,000
Foi fotage, transportation, camp and garnsou
equipage, incidental expenses, See  73,500
Making  $'187,500
Tn connection with tln-s subject, [ have to infoun \ou
that in lcv)4 a spy company was called into the service" of
the United States by General Gailand, the whole co-t of
winch was paid by the (juaitermaster\s department. The
vnnchcis fot the payment have been tuupended at the
Treasury for want ol an appropriation. The amount of
them 1-, .510,500 60, which 1 request may he appropriated,
so th.it the olh<-ois who made the p.iy menu may be lelieved
f'om charge on thi« account on the books ol the Treasury.
The two memouals of the Lcgislatuie aie herewith le-
turnod.
Very respectfully, vmir obedient seivnnf,
JHI/FjY DAVIS, retaiy of War.
Hon. J. A. Orn'Mw, Chahman uf CommUlce on Military
%'ljfairs. Ho vie oj Representatives.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. WELLER. The poxt amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs involves no appro-
priation of money. It is to add, as a new sec-
tion:
Jlnd be it further enacted. That the appropriations con-
tamed in the "act making appropnation* for imp:o\iu2 :
•ceitam military roads in the Ten itoi v of Minnesota,*' ap- j
pioved February 17, 1855, shall bo undet-,food to applv. and '
aie heiebv made. applicable, to the impiovement of the said '
roads that may be judged necessaiy by the Seeietary of
War, a-< well a? to the purpose of - cutting out the Umbei"
as specified in said act. j
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment of the i
Committee on Military Affairs is to insert, as a j
new section: j
For completing the Point "Douglas and Sr. Loui* liver •
ioa'l, «v51 A'ZTt 50; tor romplermg the Point Uouel.is and ;
Fort Ripley road, $4,695 ul ; for lepairm^' the Imttee over i
Cannon river, .V>,b0U; for connnumg the load fiom Fort '
Ripley via tho river to the main load leading to the lied i
river of the north, $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment of the
Committee on Military Affairs is to insert, as a
new section:
And he if further enacted, That for tho constiuction of
barracks and quarter? at a military po-t to bcestabh-hed m
the northern pa.it of Minnesota Tei nto y for the piot"ction
of thy :-ett3em"nts on the ited liver oMhe nouh, ^00,000
be apptopnated, <n addition fo the sum of $5,000 appropii-
ated by the act entitled "An act tor the erection of a mil-
itary post on or n<'W the Pembina iiver, m the Teintory of
Minnesota, and for other purpose?," appioved February 17,
1855; said povt< to be located and constructed under the
direction of the Secretary of War, the location to h-1 at
such po.nt as lie shall deem best adapted for the ptotechon
of snid settlement; and «.o mii^h of tho afcu^f-aid act np-
proved rebinary 17, 1^55, as indicates the location of said
post, is hereby repealed.
Mr. KRODHEAD. I should like to hear an
explanation of that amendment.
Mr. WELLER. I have a letter from the quar-
termaster which explains it. His estimate for
this purpose is $50,000; the appropriation given
in the amendment is but $30,000. The amend-
ment allows that military post to bo established
where the Department thinks proper. Jtis neces-
sary that the mihtaiy post {should by established
now. The probability is, from the character of
the country, that in a very short time the settle-
ments will be sufficiently strong to protect them
selves. Itis recommended by the quartermaster's
department and Secretary of War. The com-
mittee cut the appropriation down to $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. The next amendment of the
committee is to insert, as a new section:
And he it fwither enacted, That the words '•'non-com-
missioned otficeis, musicians, and pnvates,'" in the fiist
section of the act entitled '• An act to increase the pay of
the rank and file of the Army, and to encourage enlist-
ments," approved Aunu&t 4, lb54, bhall be coif-trued to
inciudc .'1! enlisted men of the Aimy of the United States.
That amendment was explained the other day
when the bill to increase the pay of officers of the
Army was under consideration. By the construc-
tion given to that law, enlisted men in the ord-
nance cannot avail themselves of the increased
compensation we gave to the rank and file.
Mr. STUART. I will ask the Senator from
what time this increased compensation to them
will take effect?
Mr. WELLER. From the passage of that
law; because we intended to embrace them in that
law two yeais ago.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, WELLER. I have another amendment
to offer, and I hope the Seuate will recollect that
there were no amendments made to the bill by
the Committee on A'hlitary Affairs in the House
of Repiesentatives, for the reason that tho pre-
vious question was applied to it as soon as it was
reported from the Committee of Ways and Means.
It is to insert, at the end of the bill:
That so much of the sums annually appropiiated by law
for the puichase of arms iordiHubution ainons the ^eveial
States and Tcnitoncs, and the Di-tuct of Columbia, as
maybe deemed pioperor expedient by the Governors of
the States and Territoiies respeciively. and by the President
ol ihe United States lot the Djstuct of Columbia, may be
uppfied for five year"-! fiom and after the pawnee of tins act
to the purchase of tents and camp equipage for the tiiC of
the mihtia of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
j Mr. WELLER. The next amendment of the
: committee is to add, at the end of the bill:
That the Secretary of War be, and lie is hereby, authoi-
ized pud icquimd to pay to the rotate of Aikansas, out of
any money jn the Tn-a-ury not otberwi-c appropudt"d,
sueh sums of money were paid bv s.ud State under the
anthonty of an act 01'the Legi'-daiuie of that State, appioved
5, JrflD, to the iSentoti eounty mihtia. called m:o
vfp ice by fVlonel W. It O'd'-n m July, lb-lG. u.jder je-
qujsition of the Governor of that State to ie-i-t incursions
of the Cheiok.'e Indians: Provided^ That the amount so
to be jmkI shall not exceed the sum of 51,21:2.
Mr. STUART. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance left this bill in my charge for
a few minutes, and I deem it my duty to ask the
Senator for some explanation on this subject, na
from the rending of the amendment it seems to
me to make provision for the payment of a pri-
vate claim.
Mr. WELLER. It is a claim of the State of
Arkansas.
Mr. STUART. The claim of a State is re-
garded os a private claim.
Mr, WELLER. It cannot be ruled to be a
private claim. It relates to military operations,
and is to pay the State for persons callcd into the
service of the United States.
Mr, STUART. We have always decided in
the Senate, and I think in both branches of Con-
gress—I do not know of an exception—that a hill
which proposes to pay money to a State for any
claim it may have upon the General Government
is a private bill, and that its proper place is on the
Private Calendar. A State stands in the same
relation that an individual would who had ad-
vanced money to the Government. Unless there
be some fact to take this case out of that category,
this amendment is not in order, as it 2elates to a
private chum.
Mr. WELLER.. These troops were called
out under the authority of the Grovernor of that
State. The whole amount proposed to be appro-
priated is $1,212. 1 do not see with what pro-
priety it can be considered as a private claim.
The Governor of Arkansas callcd out these troops
for the purpose of protecting the people against
the Indians. It was the duty of the Federal
Goveninvnt to have afforded that pro tcci ion, and
if they had had troops there they would have
affoided it. That protection was given by the
State, and this amendment is simply to reimburse
