1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1047
the State for the amount actually paid out to
these troops.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Michigan raise the question of or-
der ?
Mr. STUART. No, sir; I withdraw it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. The nextamendment of the
committee is to insert the following at the end of
the bill:
For finishing and furnishing the armory for the militia of
the District of Columbia, $7,827.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment
to offer, which has been called for for several
years by the War Department:
Jind be it further enacted, That the Sect etary/>f W ar be,
and he is hereby, authorized to employ in his office an ac-
countant convei&ant with military accounts, and the laws
and regulations governing the same, who shall receive an
annual compensation of $2,500, and shall perform such
duties in connection with the examination and settlement
of military accounts requiring the action of the Secretary
of War, and with the accounts of appiopnations and the
expenditures for military purposes, as the said Secretary of
War may from time to time assign him.
If any Senator desires it, I will have the state-
ment of the Secretary of War read.
Mr. STUART. I should like to hear it.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
" The organization of the accounting offices of the Treas-
ury provides for the examination and settlement of accounts
rendeied for the disbursement of public money. The ac-
counting officers admit all expenditures made in accordance
with law and regulation, or special orders of the Depart
mcnt—lhey reject all not so made, or not proven in the
manner prescribed byreguiations. All accounts so rejected
may be, and many of them are submitted by the disbursing
officers for the decision of the Secretary of War, who alone
can waive a strict compliance with regulation, if its enforce-
ment would work injustice.
" By law and by regulation a large class of expenditures
require the special sanction of the Secretary of War, who
has to exercise a disc .tion according to the circumstances
of each case.
" A laige class of accounts, requiring the special direc-
tion of the Secretary, lesults from the admission, by Con-
giess, of the claims of States and individuals loi services,
&c., in the suppression of fndian hostilities, and other mil
irary Operations notpeiformed under the dnection of this
Department.
" In addition to these, numerous cases daily arise not
provided for by regulations, and which are to be settled by
the application of the general principles governing the ad-
justment of military accounts.
" In prescribing the general principles for the settlement
of classes of claims embracing numeiou^ accounts, and in
revising the settlement, as is always done, to see that no
injustice to the Government or to individuals results from
the practical operation of the general rules, as well as in
the adjustment of single claims, in which it is often neces-
sary to compute and specify the sums to be paid, it is neces-
saiy that the Secretary be able to command the services of
an experienced accountant conversant not merely with
some single branch of Army accounts, but with the whole
range of military expenditures, and the general history of
military transactions. The qualifications for the station
can be acquired only bv long experience, nor can they be
obtained anywhere so "welfas in the Secietarv's office,
where all military information centers, and whither ail
questions of consequence are carried for decision.
« Officers disbursing under the direction of the se vei al bu-
reaus, and rendering accounts to several auditors, notunfre-
quently get their accounts confused, aud the interposition
of the Secretary of War is required to disentangle them.
The correspondence with delinquent officers constitutes a
considerable branch of business, and a sound discretion is
to be exercised m distinguishing between officers whose
delinquency arises fiom the pressure of othci duties, and
those who are careless or unsafe.
"Among the large accounts settled within a few years—
since 1849—m the Secretary^ office, and under his imme-
diate direction, were the militaiy contribution accounts,
more than $-1,260,000; the civil fund accounts of Califor-
nia, 1,365,000; Mexican war claims-, $200,000; the Rogue
Rive i claims—recently settled—$170,000. Tne war debt of
California, now awaiting settlement, is stated at$I ,600,000;
Congress has appropriated $924,000. There aie now pend-
ing before Congress similar claims of the Territories of
Washington, Oregon, and Utah, besides scoies of smaller
claims of various classes."
Mr. STUART. As I understand this clerk is
necessary to enable the Secretary of War to prop-
erly discharge these duties, I make no objection.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment
from the Committee on Military Affairs, to insert,
after line one hundred and thirty-five:
For continuing the experiment of sinking artesian wells
«Don the public Kinds, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of War. §100.000.
Mr. STUART. I should be glad to have some
explanation of that.
Mr. WELLER. I hope my friend from 1 exas,
who has a better voice to-day than I have, will
explain it.
Mr. RUSK. An appropriation was made some
years ago, to be expended under the direction of
the Secretary of War, for the purpose of sinking
artesian wells. Captain Pope was assigned; to
that duty, and he hrs progressed with it so "far
as to ascertain that they are perfectly practicable
over a very large section of country which was
heretofore supposed to be without water. The
former appropriation has been expended, and the
work has not been completed. I have before me
a long letter from Captain Pope, detailing his
whole proceedings, and itshows very conclusively
that this expenditure is for an object as worthy
as any perhaps that has been made.
Mr. STUART. I do not know whether the
honorable chairman of the Finance Committee
has read the communication alluded to by the
Senator from Texas. I have read it, and I con-
fess I come to a very different conclusion from
the one which he has stated, that the Government
ought to continue this species of expenditure.
This officer has made considerable experiments
at no inconsiderable expense, in sinking these
wejls; and he reports his own opinions upon the
probabilities of success, which I think are of an
exceedingly doubtful character. The last well
that he operated upon caved in below him up to
within twenty feet of the surface, I think.
Mr. RUSK. No, sir.
Mr. STUART. That is the statement. Cer-
tainly one of his wells, I think the last, resulted
in that way. After he got down a certain dis-
tance, one hundred feet I think, he struck a stream
of water which rose to within a certain number
of feet of the surface,and the ground at the point
where it rose, being soft, it fell in and stopped
his operations. I think I am not mistaken in my
recollection of that. It struck me at once that
this was an experiment on the part of the United
States in sinking these wells that was of very
doubtful utility generally, and ceitainly of no im-
mediate necessity. If there is any information
on the part of other Senators differing from this
I should be glad to hear it; but my reading of the
document alluded to by the Senator from Texas
has satisfied me that there is no present public
necessity for these operations at all, that the ex-
penditures are very large, and the result exceed-
ingly doubtful.
Mr. HUNTER. I was out when the amend-
ment was offered, and I should like to hear it read.
The amendment was read.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a large amount for
an experiment that we know nothing about.
Mr. RUSK. It is for the continuation of an
experiment. An appropriation has been made
once or twice for this purpose, but the experiment
has not been completed, because the appropria-
tion was too small. Operations were commenced
on the other side of the Rio Grande; but owing
to the appropriation giving out, the experiment
was not concluded. Operations were afterwards
commenced on this side of the Rio Grande, and
there, too,theappropriationgaveout. Everybody
knows that between the Mississippi river and
our Pacific possessions there is a vast extent of
territory, whnh has heretofore been regarded as
a desert, in consequence of the absence of water.
We see by reference to all the reconnoissances
of the different routes from here to the Pacific
ocean, that the country has been regarded as a
desert uninhabitable, because of the want of water
and fuel. The operations of this officer — as in-
telligent a one as there is in the Army—has dem-
onstrated to his satisfaction, and to the satisfac-
tion of many others conversant with matters of
this description, that pure streams of water in
ample abundance may be made, in all this region
of country to overflow the surface; and he has
ascertained besides, that below the surface of this
country,heretofore regarded as a desert, there is
ample fuel for all purposes in the shape of the
roots of the mezquite tree, which penetrates be-
low' the surface some forty feet. It was a start-
ling fact, when first announced; but he has brought
home some of those roots, and the charcoal made
from them is pronounced by those who are judges
as superior to any other. I will read some ex-
tracts from Captain Pope's report:
"Of the ane hundred thousand square miles of land in-
cluded 111 the region of country in question, butlittle, except
the limited strip along the immediate valley of the Rio
Grande, has been occupied, and nearly the whole of this
immense region seems doomed, by the peculiarity of us
geological structure, to solitude and unproductiveness. In-
dependent of the absolute loss of so large a quantity of
land, this solitary and now uninhabited region interposes a
serious and nearly impracticable barrier to lines of com-
munication with our possessions in New Mexico and on
the Pacific. It seems, indeed, deplorable that so great an
extent of territory, everywhere covered with grass, nutri-
tious during the whole year, eminently adapted from Its
climate for the raising, at no expense, of enormous quan-
tities of stock, possessing a fertile soil, and prolific in pre-
cious metals, should, from the mere absence of one element, 4
be abandoned to this solitary and worse than useless con-
dition, and it would appear that the Government would
gladly adopt any reasonable means tb develop and make
use of supplies which nature has so abundantly provided.
Prom examinations of this country for five successive years,
and from two years of actual and constant study of the
c'ountry, and practical experience in it, I am entirely con-
vinced that by means of artesian wells the whole of this
region can be reclaimed, aqd value given to lands now
worthless, which, in view of their immense extent, would
repay a thousand-fold any expenditure of the Government
in fully exhibiting this fact. I by no means propose that the
United States should undertake to reclaim any considerable
portion of this region by boring aitesian wells, but simply
that they should sink several of these wells, in different parts
of this region, selecting, as nearly as possible, lines of mil-
itary roads, merely for the purpose of conclusively proving
the fact that water sufficient for irrigation, and for all pur-
poses connectcd with settlements, can be supplied by ar-
tesian wells. There arc hundreds of persons now in New
Mexico and Texas who only await the certainty of not
expending their means without results to reclaim and settle
large claims of their own, lying in this region, and a success-
ful experiment by the Government will at once give the
confidence alone necessary for the object. To the Govern-
ment the importance of such a result is not to be calculated;
and so deeply am I impressed with the momentous conse-
quences likely to flow from the successful issue of these
experiments, and so certain am I, from my own observa-
tions and study of the country, of the entire success which
must attend them, that I would cheerfully devote five years
of my life on the plains to the conduct of such a work.
What was an experiment, sui rounded with uncertainty and
difficulty, delayed by want of full knowledge of the country
and by inexperience of the service, has, by the experience
of the past two years, been reduced to a work presenting
no more unknown or irremediable difficulties and delays
than any experiment of the kind in our cities.
" I sincerely and earnestly invite the attention of the De-
partment to what seems to me the manifest importance of
securing as large an appropriation a^s possible in the prose-
cution of these experiments."
His conclusions are:
"1st. That abundant reservoirs of pure, palatable water
underlie the whole of the 4 Llano Estacado.'
"2d. That they are easily accessible by boring. And
"3d. That, at a small expenditure of time and money,
they can be made abundantly to overflow the surface."
As to the amount, he says:
" Without entering into detailed estimates for the work,
which I presume you will not requite, I will simply soy
that, for the completion of the experiments thus briefly
sketched, $100.01)0 would be required."
Captain Pope is a man of high character and
intelligence.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to $50,000.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I hope.that will not be done.
I have looked into this subject with much inter-
est. I have known Captain Pope all his lifetime.
I think he is an officer exactly adapted to this
work. It is a great work, and $50,000 is not
enough.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The amendment of Mr. Weller was agreed
to.
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment
from the Committee on Military Affairs as an ad-
ditional section:
And be it further enactcd, That, the Secretary of War be,
and he is heicby, authorized and duected to abolish the
Western Military Asylum, located at ITarrodsburg, Ken-
tucky ; and under the direction of the President of the Uni-
ted States to sell the said site, fixtures, and other property
belonging to the same, at such time and m such manner as
mav seem best, and the amount arising out of sucli sale
shall be restored to the Military Asylum fund.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. My next amendment is:
That hereafter all accounts and vouchers of tile disburs-
ing officers of the quartermaster's department of the Army
shall be audited and settled by the Third Auditor of the
Treasuiy.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment
to offer, which I consider of vast importance to
the military service of the country; but I do not
know whether it will be the disposition of the
i Senate to entertain it now or not. It is, in my
i judgment, the more nccessary from the fact that
I we have very- recently passed a bill which in-
j creases to a large amount the expense to the
I Treasury of the officers of the Army of the TJni-
j ted States. Tlie object of the amendment is to
> produce efficiency in the Army. It is what is
! usually called in the Senate the retired list.
