1054
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
place of the Father of Ills Country ? May I ask
that honorable Senator why, during the four years
of his public service here, his patriotism has not
pointed out that necessity before ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator permit
me to reply?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. A proposition to that effect
was made in the House of Representatives, and
it failed. It was unnecessary, therefore, to in-
augurate it afresh in the Senate, when the House
would not agree to it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is no excuse.
The difficulty in the way of buying Mount Ver-
non is palpable. The Senator asks why we shall
now inaugurate a system to protect the grave of
Andrew Jackson, whilst the grave of the Father
of his Country is neglected? That is no fruit of
mine. If the State of Virginia, like my own na-
tive State, had sent a donation of Mount Vernon
here, would the honorable Senator have rejected
it5 I want him to answer.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Never.
Mr, JONES, of Tennessee. They why reject
the offer made by Tennessee for one inferior, I
will admit, to Geoige Washington, but inferior
to none else. We have not George Washing-
ton 
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the State of Virginiahad
offered to the Congress of the United States a
cession of the land in which rest the remains of
George Washington, I would have been willing
to appropriate any sum of money for the accept-
ance of that tender, and the erection of such na-
tional monument as might be necessary to testify
our revere nee for his memory. If the Legislature
of the State of Virginia had made that tender on
condition that we should put a military academy
there, I should have voted against it.
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. Then, Mr. Pres-
ident, the honorable Senator is in a beautiful cat-
egory, because his amendment proposes it. lie
would havt: lejcctc d it coming from Virginia, and
yet oilers jt himsi If.'
Mr. BENJAMIN. Because Tennessee makes
the same offer.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I protest against
that. The Senator fiom Louisiana himself has
offered a proposition to vote $500,000 to buy
Mount Vernon, and to establish   mihtaty school
upon it, and yet he protests solemnlv and earn-
estly against my State offering the grave of
Jackson. That is a monstrous proposition, and
yet he is willing without the consent, without the
approbation, without the concurrence of Virginia,
to vote $300,000 to buy Mount Vernon, and to
pledge this Government to locate a military arse-
nal upon it.
Mr. HUNTER. Will my friend allow me to
raise a point of order on the amendment to the
amendment?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I think I can simplify thh
matter. The Senator from Louisiana has no right
to offer an amendment making an additional ap-
propriation without the recommendation of a
committor
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will withdraw my amend-
ment. ^ I only offered it for the purpose of exhib-
iting, in its true light, the offer of the State of :
Tennessee. As an unconditional offer, I would !
accept it verjr^villLigly, for the puiposc of tesii- 1
fymg the gratitude of the nation to AniLew Jack- !
son; but I am not willing to establish a branch 1
of the lmlif.uy academy there. I withdraw the '
amendment. ;
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. I am very triad !
that the amendment has been withdrawn, for it 1
relieves me from an embarrassment. I asked the |
honorable Senator from Louisiana, when he was 1
addressing tin1 Senate before, if his objection to !
this proposition would Ij*• removed by an amcrftl- !
merit to establish a branch of the Military Acad- j
emy at the Hermitage, for cavalry purposes only, i
Instead of responding to the inquiry, he said, cc 1 1
will come to that by-and-by," and then, at the |
close of his speech, he offered hi.-' amendment to i
locate this very branch of the Military Academy !
he thought so dangerous, as exciting sectional
prejudices and sectional feeling in the country,
and which would be, m his opinion, destructive
of the great principle of harmony that now exists
in that institution. There could be no more in-
jury to the West Point Academy by establishing i
a branch in Tennessee than in Virginia, or no
more in Virginia than in Tennessee. So, then, I
apprehend the whole purpose of the honorable
Senator was to defeat and destroy the proposition
from Tennessee, and that his amendment was not
offered in good faith, with a view of really buy-
ing Mount Vernon. I intend to test that faith
before this subject is concluded. I will see how
many Senators are prepared to rescue the grave
11 of the Father of his Country from its present deg-
ji radation. I want to ^ a vote on that proposition,
j You have a chance here, in a small degree, and I
j intend to give you a chance in a larger degree, of
'j showing your patriotism in that regard. The
, objcct of the Senator from Louisiana in offering
! his amendment was to make a test by which this
| proposition of the Senator from Tennessee should
| be defeated.
i Mr. President, I will go as far as any man
| living to rescue the remains of the Father of his
i Country from their present degradation. The
■ honorable Senator has only to fix his bill, and
| make his figures, and—I care not how high you
, make the sum—I am ready to vote any amount of
; money that is necessary to accomplish it. But I
! do not intend to have this proposition killed off by
I side-blows of that kind. This is a naked prop-
osition that any Senator can understand. Tcn-
] nt-«?aee means nothing sectional by this offer. It is
j for you to make it sectional, if you choose. If this
| tender be accepted, it will be necessary for you to
i legislate on the subject at the next session of Con-
i gress, and you will then have the power to fix it
; to suit yourselves. The State of Tennesscocomes
; here and tenders to the Federal Government the
. tomb and remains of her most illustrious citizen,
and she asks you to establish there a branch school
| of the Military Academy. You can accept it,
gentlemen, or decline it, as you think it wise and
best. It is for you to decide.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am aware, Mr. President,
; of the importance of time, and my object is to
i consume as little of it as possible; but if I under-
stand this proposition, if it should be adopted, it
will bo a committal of the Government of the
United States to the condition contained in it.
This tender of the Hermitage is upon certain con-
ditions; and if the Government, should accept it,
it will be for the purpose of establishing a mil-
itary academy theie, and it will be bound to carry
out that condition, no matter at what expense, anil
without regard to the question of the necessity of
another military academy.
It seems to me the first inquiry in the discus-
sion of this subject ought to be, whether it is
proper that a branch military academy or an in-
dependent military academy is necessary to the
well-being of the Government ? If it is, then the
question would arise, where is the most eligible
place for its establishment? If you accept this
tender made by the State of Tennessee, you are
committed irrevocably to the condition of that
tender, and must establish a military academy
there. I deem it proper, therefore, that a com-
mittee, when Congiess, in some of our long ses-
sions, will have an opportunity of examining the
subject, should make on investigation, and report
to the Senate and House of Representatives, and
place them m possession of all the circumstances
connected with it, and every consideration that
would be involved in the creation of a second mili-
tary academy. If the tendons to continue a par-
ticular time, and Tennessee has a real desire that
it should be accepted by the Federal Govern-
ment, she can extend the time of discretion left
to the Government of the United States. No det-
riment will thereby accrue to the public interests,
for the sum appropriated on tins occasion is, I
understand, but $3,000. No preliminary direc-
tions can be givers for some time as to the,exam-
mation and survey of the place in order to ascer-
tain what improvements wou'd be necessary.
There is, as yet, no estimate of the cost that will
ensue, Oil its acceptance, nor any circumstances
that would enable us to form a judgment on a
subject involving rot only a vast expenditure of
money, but also collateral considerations.
But, Air. President, I am not goin^ to discuss
the subject. I think it would be well if it were
, first laid before committee, and a thorough and
| elaborate investigation made of it. Oomtnission-
: ers should then be appointed to examine the place.
Tins proposition to establish a second military
school should be thoroughly understood as a
radical measure, and that it is not to be an off-
shoot from the present Military Academy. Thus
far upon the subject of the expediency of accept-
ing this donation.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to make a few
remarks in reply to gentlemen who have spoken
upon this subject, and chosen to make a compar-
ison between the illustrious character of Wash-
ington and General Jackson. I understood the
honorable Senator from Louisiana to say, that
when Washington's awful form was compared to
other men since his time, they shrank into pigmies
and insignificance. I wish to draw no comparison
between the characters of General Washington
and General Jackson; but others have seen proper
to do so. Another Senator said that he admitted
that Jackson was inferior to Washington. Sir, I
have a recollection of Washington, for I lived in
his day, though but a child. The first manifesta-
tion of grief and sorrow ever made upon my mind,
or that impressed my heart with sensibility, was
the crape I saw worn upon my father's arm, doing
honor to the memory of Washington, after ins
decease. From that time I revered him as one
of the greatest and best of .men. In my estima-
tion, he was something superior to other men?
and haidly less than a demigod. I am still will-
ing to accord to him all the rcvcrence and vener-
ation that is due to his mighty deeds. I would
not deprive his glorious memory of the least luster
that could possibly attach to it; but comparisons
are not pleasant. He, in his glorious achieve-
ments, was seconded by a nation. Its resources,,
whatever they were, if they were not well directed
and well husbanded and well supplied to him,
were at least subject to his bcck and coll. Ho
suggested many measures to supply the resources
necessary to the accomplishment of the great de-
sign in view, and they were canied into execu-
tion. He met the expectation of his countrymen,
and the proud title was accorded to him of the
Father of his Country. Of him it was said that
he had filled the measure of his country's glory.
All this was due to Washington.
But, sir, when you come down to other men
and other times, you behold Jackson, destitute of
everything, surrounded by difficulties, without
resources, the nation penniless, having no reg-
ular army, but dependent alone upon the militia
and the patriotism of the volunteers. He, too,
met the expectation of his country. In the very
city from which the honorable gentleman from
Louisiana comes, he has left a memorable impress
of his mighty genius there stamped. It was in-
scribed in the tattered banners of Britain. Ho
was never inadequate to any great object that was
before him; and without resources he achieved
renown as a general.
Of the character of Jackson as a statesman, I
need say nothing. The intelligence of Senators
is more familiar with it than I am; because they
have been longer acquainted with, and moie
immediate witnesses of, his mighty deeds as a
statesman. I do not admit that he was inferior
to any man who has lived in the tide of time.
Look at his mighty designs, his clear and uner-
ring judgment, his indomitable will, his irresist-
ible energy, and his statesmanship, that grasped
a nation's good and executed its hb:h purpose.
I acknowledge him inferior to no man. He was
equal to every emergency, to every crisis, and
shrunk from nothing that was for Ins country's
good. Sir, I do not admit that even Cesar," in
his brightest days, was superior to him. Could
Alexander have achieved more than Jackson did
at New Orleans : Without resources, without
arms, without munitions of war, without men,
he rolled back the invasive tide of the veterans of
the Peninsula, and stamped an impress upon Ins
country's glory and her chivalry that cm never bo
obliterated whilst his life and deeds are remem-
bered in the prosperity of his country, which
has been advancing to the present moment, since
the glories of his administration, which he left as
a legacy to his country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on concurring}) the amendment mane as in
Committee of thevVhole, accepting the tender of
the Hermitage made by the State of Tennessee.
On this question the yeas and nays have been
demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall vote " nay" for the
purpose of moving a reconsideration.
