THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G,
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
FRIDAY, MARCH 6, 1857.
New Series *.-No. 67,
the duties, he did not exercise the powers, he did
nothave the command, contemplated and provided
by the act of 1798 creating the office of lieutenant
general. Mr. Conrad, the former Secretary of
War, to whom a letter was addressed,asking his
opinion as to the effect of the resolution, concurred
with General Shields in the construction which
he gave on this floor.
In his letter he says:
" In answer thereto, I beg leave to say that officers having
brevet lanks are entitled toieceive the pay and emoluments
attacned thereto, 'when on duty, and having command
according to their brevetrank, and at no other time.'—Jlct
of April 16, 1815.
" In order, therefore, to entitle a lieutenant general by
brevet to the pay and emoluments of his brevet rank, it
would be necessary for him to be on duty, and to have a
command appiopriate to a lieutenant geneial. As the latter
rank does not exist in our service, some regulation of the
Department establishing its appropriate command, as in
other cases, and an ordei assigning the officer to^duty accord-
ing to his brevet rank, would be necessary in order to entitle
him to receive the pay and emoluments attached to it."
The debate on that resolution clearly showed,
that it was never contemplated that General Scott
should be paid any arrears. In the first debate,
on the 12th of February, 1851, Mr. CJay, of
Kentucky, said:
" Honors, by military men, are ever more highly appre-
ciated than pay; and when tbey can be granted with no in-
jury to our country, I think it is one of the cheapest modes
in which we can reward them."
This compliment, however just to military men,
as a class, was undeserved in this individual case,
as the eager and greedy claims, and the elaborate
and wire-drawn arguments of the claimant, fully
prove.
And, sir, if this resolution bear the construc-
tion alleged in the amendment now under consid-
eration, it will prove the dearest honor ever con-
ferred on an officer of our Army. Mr. Footc, of
Mississippi, said:
" It has been hinted to me that it is expected that a large
additional pecuniary recompense is hereafter to be provided,
in the event that the resolution should pass m its pieseut
form." * * * «{iepeatthat ithasbecn suggested that itis
in eontemplation to piovide by law for a large annual sti-
pend, m addition to the pay of a majoi geneial, for the ben-
efit of a particular military officer, in case we should adopt
this resolution."
Thereby showing that, according to his con-
struction, it was'necessary to legislate further in
order to entitle General Scott to additional com-
pensation. "Without multiplying these quota-
tions from many advocates and opponents of the
resolution, which T might read for an hour to
come, I turn to the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Butler.] and beg his attention to what he
said upon that occasion:
Several gentlemen have asked, very emphatically, why
bestow this peculiar dignity upon Geneial Scott—tins gew-
gaw. as it has been called—this mere honor in the form of
a resolution? And it has been asked by my friend fiom
Louisiana, what is the use. of ah thi3 to Geneial Scott ? I
would ask, ha? there ever been any use in thespngoflamcl
bestowed upon the biow of a conquciing hcio or a great
patnot and general ? What is tno use ottliat sprig of laurel ?
You cannot wear it; you cannot eat it, nor iibc it; and yet
I will venture the remark thataspiig of lauiel, bestowed
upon a triumphant general who has won a reputation, has
been a higher incentive to make general's than all other in-
centives that could be employed. The ^pug of laurel is
worth no more than this tribute of historical respect to
General Seott."
That was its worth at the tfme the resolution
was under consideration. Now, by some mirac-
ulous power, like that of transubstantiation, this
sprig of laurel is made gold—this sprig of laurel,
which could not be eaten, is to furnish General
Scottfood of the value of $35 20 per day, or more
than nine thousand dollars per annum. What
further is the fruit of that laurel winch the Sen-
ator from South Carolina then treated as a mere
honor? I invoke the attention of the Senate to
what will be the effect of the amendment of the
. Senator from Georgia. I doubt whether there is
an advocate of it on this floor who can tell what
pay will result from it to General Scott. I doubt
whether there is one of them who, if he were
furnished with a tabular statement of the pay and
allowances of officers of the Army, could calculate
in an hour, what General Scott will realize from
it. I have put myself to the trouble, with some
67'
ins^uction from those who were competent to
teach me—with tKfe aid of the Senator from Cali-
fornia (Mr. Weller]—of ascertaining the cost
of the amendment, if'adopted. I intend to pre-
sent it to the country, if I ca|fiot get the attention
of the Senate. It shows mm what I alleged is
the fact, that it was not the intention of the au-
thors of the resolution of February 15, 1855, to
roenact the law of 1798, creating the office of
lieutenant general. I make that assertion because
they are not now content that General Scott
should receive the pay and emoluments of that
office, as provided for by that law. General Scott
is not content, in peace, with the compensation
which was thought sufficient for the Father of his
Country, even in time of war. Under the act of
1798, General Washington's pay and allowances
per month, were $540. Under the President's con-
struction of the resolution of the 15th of February,
1855, General Scott's monthly pay and allowances
amount to $592—fifty-two dollars more than was
allowed General Washington. Under the act of
1798 General Washington's pay amounted annu-
ally, to $6,480, during war. Under theamendment
which we now propose to adopt, General Scott's
pay and allowances may exceed fifteen thousand
dollarsperannum,in timeofpeace. GeneralScott
is not satisfied with the compensation of General
Washington, under the act of 1798, or with the
greater pay allowed under the construction placed
by the President on the resolution of 15th of Feb-
ruary, 1855. He claims per month, not merely
fifty-two dollars more than General Washington
received, as allowed liim by the President, but one
hundred and thirty-three per cent, more than
General Washington received. He claims what
will be equivalent to $1,256 per month, as his
pay and allowances, exclusive of his transporta-
tion.
What will be the effect of this amendment as
to the arrears of pay ? The President of the
United States has, by his construction of the res-
olution of February 15, 1855, allowed General
Scott §13,069, as arrears of pay by virtue of his
brevet rank. What he chums, and what this
proposition, if adopted, will allow him, will be,
over and above what he has been paid out of the
Treasury of the United States under the con-
struction of the President, the additional sum of
about twenty-eight thousand nine hundred and
five dollars and six cents, making the aggregate of
arrears which he may receive as the value of this
sprig of laurel, this mere honor, this gewgaw,
about forty thousand dollars! And he may realize
about fifteen thousand dollars per annum for the
future ! Such is the estimate of the Senator from
California [Mr. Weller] as presented to the
Senate the other day. It is sustained by my own
calculations upon the data he has furnished.
Mr. President, I have shown that it was not
the true intent of the resolution of 1855 to give to
General Seott the pay and allowances accorded to
General Washington by the act of 1798. I now
propose to show that such is not the intent of.
the pending amendment. How arc the large sums
i of arrears and future emoluments made up? By
i a mixture of the pay and emoluments of the two
| ranks of major general and lieutenant general,
under the several acts which have been passed.
It is by taking the higher pay allowed to a lieu-
tenant'general in one instance, and.the higher pay
allowed to a major general in another instance,
andblendingthem together. For example: under
the act of 1793 no fuel and quarters were allowed
to the lieutenant general; but under subsequent
laws Major General Scott has drawn $1,225 a year
for quarters and fuel. He claims that as a major
general, at the same time claiming to be a lieu-
tenant general. But the same law which gave
fuel and quarters directed when that allowance
should be made, and said it should not be made
to ail officer who was provided with those neces-
saries bv the Government—for instance, when he
was m the field, in tents. General Seott, regard-
less of this law, and in violation of it, claims as
due him $1,225 per annum for fuel and quarters
in the city of Washington, while he was m com-
mand of a part of the Army of the United States
in Mexico.
Again: the act of 1798 allowed forty rations
per day to the commander-in-chief. It was a very
large provision, made in contemplation of war.
General Scott claims under that act forty rations-;
per day during peace as well as war. The act of
1798 did ftot allow double rations under any cir-
cumstances. Subsequent acts give a major gen-
eral fifteen rations per day, and allow them to be
doubled when he is commanding the Army, so as
to makcthirtyrationsaday. GeneralScott claims-
his forty rations a day under the.aet of 1798, and
to have those rations doubled, or to be allowed
eighty rations per day, by' warrant of no law
whatever, but simply bccause the fifteen rations
per day allowed a-major general ordinarily are per-
mitted by the law to be doubled when in command
of the Army. That claim is to be approved and
established by the adoption of this amendment.
No servant was allowed the lieutenant general"
by the act of 1798; but four servants are allowed
a major general; and General Scott, notwith-
standing the brevet, and the increased pay de-
manded for that rank, claims pay for four -ser-
vants as a major general.
The lieutenant general was allowed fifty dollars
for forage, war being the contingency for which
it was provided. G-eneral Scott claims this fifty
dollars for forage, since the war with Mexico,
as brevet lieutenant general. A major general
is allowed ordinarily but twenty-four dollars
per month for forage; but in time of war he
is allowed for ftfrage fifty-six dollars a month.
Hence General Scott claims that he shall receive
fifty-six dollars per month during the war with
Mexico as major general, and fifty dollars per
month subsequently as lieutenant general. ,
Now, let us see what the aggregate sum of
these claims will be, if allowed. General Scott's
pay proper amounts to $270 per month, or $3,240
per annum. His rations—eighty per day claimed
for himself, and four-per day for his servants—
amount, in a month of thirty days, to $758, orto
$9,197 a year. This is part of tho sprig of laurel
which could not be eaten ! Provisions, enabling
General Scott to feast like Lucullus or Sardanap-
alus ! Nine thousand dollars a year merely to
provide his table comforts ! Then, in forage, he
gets fifty dollars a month in peace, amounting to
$G00 a year. For servants, he is allowed seventy-
eight dollars per month, amounting to $936 a year.
His allowance for fuel and quarters is $102 per
month, amounting to §1,225 a year. These items
give him, without transportation, which is of itself
no inconsiderable item, and which has been a
source of no little profit to General Scott—over
<jl5,()00 per annum. You see, sir, in order to real-
ize this largo amount, General Scott appears in
two distinct characters, now as major general,
now as lieutenant general, claiming the highest
allowances of both ranks at the same time. It is
notgthe rank without pay, but the pay without
ramf, that he seeks. It is not thc'laurel, but the
loaves and fishes, that he covets. He exults over
the honor of his brevet when it increases his com-
pensation—he declines it when it diminishes his
compensation.
I challenge the advocates of this measure to
repeat and sustain the assertion that the resolu-
tion of the 15th of February, 1855, was intended
to give to General Scott the pay and allowances
of a lieutenant general. They deny it by the
amendment they now offer. They propose to
give more than a major general and more than a
hesfcenant general is allowed bylaw. Strip tho
amendment of all disguise, and its effect is to give
him a large bounty for pretended arrears of pay,
without reason and regardless of law, and to give
him annually, in the future, nearly double the
compensation of any other officer of our Govern-
ment in the United States, except the President.
Mr President, if such a claim were preferred
by any subaltern officer in the Army, under sim-
ilar circumstances, it would not, in my opinion,
receive the support of a respectable minority of
the Senate; it would be treated with ridicule, con-
