1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
I have two comments to make on the speech of
the honorable gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Cass.] There is one historical fact in which he
is greatly mistaken. I think he is rather too sen-
sitive in supposing that nobody ought to hold the
commission that the Father of his Country held;
that is carrying his veneration rather too far. I
can tell my honorable friend that General Wash-
ington never held the commission of a lieutenant
general. Being a full general in the Revolution,
in 1798 Congress made him a lieutenant general;
but deeming it beneath his former rank, he, with
his usual modesty, waived it without rejecting it,
and accepted the command in chief of the Army;
and Congress, on discovering the error, at the
next session corrected it, and conferred on him
his former rank of general, which he held through-
out the Revolution; and therefore the objection
of my honorable friend falls to the ground. I do
not think there is anything in the objection, even
if it was true; but not being correct as a histor-
ical fact, it is pointless.
Another objection of the Senator is, that he
doubts the constitutionality of giving power to
the commanding general of the Army (the lieu-
tenant general) to appoint six or three lieutenant
colonels. Mr. President, that is now not worth
consideration. Theact of 1798did it, and ifitwas
lawful in 1798, it is to-day. I do not concur with
the Senator at all; for I hold that the appointment
of ail the officers is within the absolute control
of law. The law can regulate the appointment
of the subordinate officers of the Army. I differ
with the honorable Senator. I differed with him
before in reference to the officers of the Navy;
but I have heretofore expressed my opinions fully
on that subject, and will not repeat them.
Mr. CASS. "Where do you find the power in
the Constitution ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I find in the Constitution au-
thority to raise and support'armies, and make
rules and regulations for the government of the
Army and Navy.
■ Mr. CASS. They must be appointed by the
President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. That, however, is wholly
immaterial. It was one of those cavils which I
was sorry to see the Senator from Michigan make
in this case. This proposition enables General
Scott to do what he has done—designate certain
officers now in commission to act as his aids, and
thereby get the rank of lieutenant colonel. The
moment they are not his aids, they are no longer
lieutenant colonels. It is a brevet rank, created
simply by appointing them his aids, and falls
when they cease to occupy that position. It is
not giving them offices, in the language of the
Constitution, by legal intendment, or many other
way. I know that the military experience of
my honorable friend—although it has been over
forty years since he was ill the Army, and upon
this point I am constrained to differ from him.
Under this bill, General Scott can bring nobody
into the Army.
Now, as to the argument of my friend from
Alabama, I have this to say: I do not think the
President of the United States or the Secretary
of war needs any vindication in reference to this
bill. I do not ask the Senate to say that they
decided right or wrong. "I do not know whether
they did one or the other, and I do not care. I !
intended to give this gallant old soldier the brevet
rank of lieutenant general, and I intended to give
him the emoluments of it. I voted for it in both
Houses of Congress. I intended to give him the
greatest emoluments that the rank would confer,
and I honestly believe that that was the intention
of Congress, ff we failed m our intention, if the
President was right, if the Secretary of War was
right, if they construed our law right, we com-
mitted a blunder, and I want to correct it. That
is the whole question. I have no other argument
but that. I have not looked into the correspond-
ence on this subject. I have not read it; I do not
care to read it. I know that General Scott is a
soldier, a patriot, and a gentleman, who, in his
time, has conferred more honor on his own coun-
try than any living American. I know that the
annals of ancient and modern times present no
more brilliant page in the history of any country
than that which records his military conduct from
the day he landed at Vera Cruz until lie planted
our colors on the capitol of Mexico. For these
great and brilliant services, I, as one of the rep-
resentatives of the great and free people upon
whom his deeds have shed so much luster and
renown, intend to give him honorable rewards,
both in rank and money. If the resolution for
which I voted failed to do it, I come here .to-night,
and, if my friend wishes it, I will confess my
blunder, and ask him to do this act of magna-
nimity and justice, so correct in itself, so honor-
able to the Republic, so gratefal to the declining
years of an illustrious citizen, who is already en-
rolled "among those few immortal names that
were not born to die."
Mr. PUGH. I wish to ask whether the pend-
ing question is on the amendment to the amend-
ment ?
_ Mr. WELLER. I understand that the ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Georgia.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Georgia modified his amendment, and the
question is on the amendment as modified.
Mr. TOOMBS. I amended my own amend-
ment.
Mr. BIGGS. I ask that the whole amend-
ment as modified be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
%/lnd be it further enacted, That the joint resolution ap-
proved February 15,1853, " authorizing the President of tlie
United States to eoniVr tlie title of lieutenant genoial by
hinvet,'5 «hall be so construed from and after March i29,
18-17, in favoi of the brevet lieutenant geneial appointed
under said act. while exoicismg command aecoidmgto that
rank, as to entitle linn to the pay, allowances, and staff
specified in the fifth -eetion oftheactappiovcd May 23,1798,
'•authoiizmg the President to laise a provisional aimy;','
and also the allowances made in the sixth section ot the
act approved August 2% 18-12, granting additional rations to
ceitain officers: Provided, koivever, and it is hereby declared,
That the bievet lieutenant general shall not, except m
time of wai, be entitled to inoio than two aid* and one sec-
retary ; not shall this act, nor tile above nvntioned refla-
tion of Febtuary 15, 185"), have anv retio^peetive effect m
legaid to those aids or ihe s-tafF oi Geneial Scott, antece-
dently to luri appointment to the rank ot bievet lieutenant
general.
Mr. PUGH called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not want to delay this
bill by debate, but I must say, in justice to my-
self, that whilst I have very high regard for Gen-
eral Scott, and very great admiration for his
many high qualities and military fame, I do not
think it just to the country to put upon this bill
such a measure as this. It ought to come up as
a separate, independent proposition, and even in
that point of view it seems to me that the allow-
ances are extravagant. I for one cannot vote for
it. I am willing to give him the highest pay we
expected would be due to the rank when we voted
to create it; but I cannot under the circumstances
vote for this amendment. Nobody can regret
more than I do the necessity which compels me
to vote against it.
Mr. STUART. I desire to say that I have
faired off with the Senator from Maine, [Mr.
'essexdkx,] who, if he were here, would vote
for this amendment, and I would vote against it.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll; when
his name was eallpd,
Mr. WELLER said: Before I vote, I desire to
know what the question is. I understood the
Senator from Georgia to amend his amendment,
and I wish to know whether the question is on
the adoption of his amendment as modified ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The call of
the roll having been commenced, the question is
not open to debate.
Mr. WELLER. I know that it is not open to
debate, but I desire to ask what is the question?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No debate can
be allowed.
Mr. WELLER. I am not prepared to vote
until I understand the question, and I know of no
rule which authorizes the President to gag me.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from California is not m order.
Mr. WELLER. Then the Senator from Cal-
ifornia does not vote—that is all.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I desire to say that I
have paired off with the Senator from Wisconsin,
Mr. iboDQE, who is detained from the Senate on
account of illness. He would vote for the amend-
ment, and I against it.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 desire to change my vote.
I first voted " yea," but for the purpose of moving
a reconsideration, I choose to vote ** nay."
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays 23;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs*. Bell of New Hampshire, Bell of Tennes-
see, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright, Butler, CoIIamer, Crittenden,
Douglas, Fish, Foot, Foster, Geyer, Hale, Harlan, Jones of
Tennessee, Nourse, Pearce, Pratt, Ilusk, Seward, Thomp-
son of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Wade,
Wilson, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Biggs, Brodhead, Brown,
Cass, Clay, Evans, Fitch, Fitzpktrick, Green, Houston,
Hunter, Xverson, Johnson, Malory, Ma^on, Pugh, Reid,
Sebastian, Siidell, Toaecy, and Yulee—23.
Mr. WELLER. Now, Mr. President, T choose,
with your permission, to inquire what this vote
was about—whether it was upon the'amendment
of the Senator from Georgia to his own amend-
ment, or whether it was upon the original amend-
ment as amended by him ? That was what I de-
sired to ascertain when I rose before the vote was
announced. If it was upon the proposition offered
by the Senator from Georgia last, I desired to vote
for it; but if the vote was upon the whole prop-
osition, I intended to vote against it; and there-
fore it was, whe#my name was called, and as I
had a right to do—for I understand my rights as
well as anybodj&else,and do not choose to be in-
structed by the Chair—that I rose for the purpose
of ascertaining what the question was before the
Senate, not for the purpose of debate; for I know
the rules as well as the Chair does, and that debate
is not in order when the roll is being called.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will always be gratified by instruction from any
Senator—not the least by the Senator from Cali-
fornia; but the Chair understands that the rules
of the Senate do not allow the call of the yeas
and nays to be suspended by any debate. The
Chair is further informed that, according to the
courtesy of the Senate, when a Senator has paired
off, he is allowed to state that fact during the call
of the roll. The Chair, therefure, thought it his
duty to call the Senator to order for debating the
question while the yeas and nays were being
called. If the Senator desires it, by general acqui-
escence the amendment on which the vote was
taken will be read for his information.
Mr. WELLER. I had a right, before I cast
my vote, to know what the question was; and I
respectfully asked the Chair to state what the
question was upon which the last vote was taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
cannot allow debate when there is no question
before the Senate. If no further amendment be
offered, the question will be on ordering the
amendments to be engrossed, and the bill to be
read a third time.
Mr. WELLER. How does that bill stand
now?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Amendments
have been made to it in Committee of the Whole,
and one has been adopted in the Senate: and if
there be no further amendments offered, the ques-
tion will be on ordering the amendments to be
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. WELLER. I choose to ask, Mr. Presi-
dent, that the Secretary read the amendment, as
it has been amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ey the gen-
eral acquiescence of the Senate it can be done.
Mr. WELLER. i demand it as a matter of
right; not by the acquiescence of the Senate. I
do not choose to put it on that ground.
The Secretary read the umendmentas amended.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have an amend-
ment to offer by permission of the Committee on
Military Affairs. It is to add as a new section:
And he it fmtker enacted, That for the puicliasc of Mount
Veinon, and tni thr establishment of :t militaiy cehool there
fox the mstrueuon of youth m cavalry tactics, $500,000.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this amendment in order?
It comes from no committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Itcomes from the
Committee on Military Affairs. I want a vote
on it by the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
considers the amendment in order, coming from
a comma tee.
Mr. SEWARD. Let the amendment be read.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. SEWARD. Is it in order to move to
amend that amendment?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be in
order to do so.
Mr. SEWARD. Then I move to strike out
all the amendment except that ffl)ich yelEUes to
