1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1061
Mr. WILSON. I move that the report be
printed.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I suggest to the Senator
from Virginia that, as the Senate is thin, it would
be better to agree now to take the vote to-morrow
morning.
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate concur
in the report. I think we had better end this
question. The House of Representatives has
concurred.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in the
chair.) The question is on the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts to print the report.
Mr. WELLER. That will necessarily produce
delay. -It cannot be printed for two days; there-
fore I am afraid the object of the Senator from
Massachusetts is to prevent any action at all. I
ehall be compelled to vote against the printing.
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion to
print. I made it because I understood the report
could be printed by to-morrow morning.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It is not my purpose to
make any factious opposition to this report, but
I desire to have a full Senate when the vote is
taken. Let us understand what the report con-
tains. Defer it till to-morrow morning, when we
may understand it. That course will better sat-
isfy the country. I hope the chairman of this
committee, the author of this proposition, the Sen-
ator from Virginia, will agree to let us take the
vote to-morrow morning, when there will be a full
Senate, and not at this hour of night.
Mr. WELLER. How many will read it by
that time ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. A good many.
Mr. WELLER. I do not believe a good many
will.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the report. Is the Senate ready
for the question?
Mr. BRODHEAD. I move to postpone its
consideration until to-morrow morning.
Mr. HUNTER. Can we have an understand-
ing that the vote shall be taken at a certain time?
Mr. BRODHEAD. At any hour you name.
Mr. PUGH. We cannot cut off debate. The
question is this, or nothing.
Mr. STUART. Say eleven o'clock to-mor-
row.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am willing to fix any
time that is agreeable to the Senate. I move to
postpone the consideration of the report until to-
morrow morning, at eleven o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 11, noes 24.
Mr. GEYER. This tariff scheme was intro-
duced the other night upon the authority of a
single member of the Senate, after twelve o'clock.
It was passed when I believe its contents were
riot understood by one third of the Senators in
their places. We have now a report, which may,
for all I know, be right, but which I think it is
impossible for any of us to understand from a
single reading. I cannot, for my own part, agree
to accept the proposition of the committee, of
which I can know nothing, upon so important a
question as the revenue system. I do not mean
to occupy the time of the Senate in making a
speech against it, for#I do not know what it is;
but I ask for the yeas and nays, as I wish to
record my vote.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I shall not occupy more
than five minutes in giving the l'easons why I
cannot vote for this report. As a financial meas-
ure, I think it will prove inadequate. The great
purpose of a tariff bill on this occasion, as we
have been told, is to reduce the revenue. The
one hundred per cent, schedule, composed of
brandies, is reduced by this report to thirty per
cent. 'That is reducing the duty upon luxuries.
I object to it upon that ground. Then it reduces
the thirty per cent, schedule, containing sugar,
iron, and hemp, to twenty-four per cent. That will
produce the greatest amount of revenue, accord-
ing to the report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Upon these items the most of our revenue has
heretofore been obtained. According to the views
of Mr. Guthrie—and I think such would be the
views of Mr. Walker, who framed the act of
184G—this will increase the revenue, and will not
reduce the price to the consumer. It will stimu-
late importations. This report places the duty
on cotton goods at twenty-four per cent. 
Mr. JAMES. Nineteen.
Mr. HUNTER. Bleached and printed goods
at twenty-four.
Mr. JAMES. All brown goods at nineteen.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I say this is unjust to the
iron trade for this reason: the manufacturers of
cotton and woolen goods have the privilege of
importing free of duty nearly all the dyestuffs and
the raw material. You make, therefore, a special
provision contrary to the principles of the revenue
tariff of 1846 for the manufacturers of the two
articles I have named. It increases the free list,
and in that respect I agree with it.
I have another objection to it—it does not use
our decimal currency. It should be ten, fifteen,
twenty, twenty-five, or thirty per cent., instead
of twenty-four and eight per cent., &c. It will
greatly complicate accounts for this reason. Such
a change as is proposed will increase the expense
of collecting the revenue, and will require more
clerks in the custom-house, and also impose great
additional trouble on all importers. I believe, if
the schedules were according to our own decimal
currency, itwould be easily understood, and these
difficulties avoided.
But, sir, this measure is to pass. It would be
folly for me to make anything like factious oppo-
sition to it. I stated the grounds upon which I
was in favor of the bill as it came from the House
of Representatives the other day, somewhat at
laige. I will not repeat them now. I believe that
this proposition will increase the revenue, and
that it will stimulate importations. It therefore
will not attain the object for which it was de-
signed—the reduction of the revenue—and it will
not cheapen the article to the consumer. For
these reasons I must record my vote against it.
Mr. BIGLER. Mr. President, I regret ex-
ceedingly the necessity of differing with my hoiv
orable colleague on a question so important as
that now pending; and I cannot do bo without
briefly stating my reasons, or rather giving a
summary of the reasons why I shall vote for the
report of the commitfee.
This, to my constituents, is a most interesting
subject; and I am aware they are just at this
moment watching the action of Congress with
the deepestsolicitude; and I take position in favor
of the report, fully sensible of all the responsi-
bilities of my action. I have not taken it because
I regard the measure as entirely perfect. There
are many features in it which I would change.
Reflection has not satisfied my mind that the
reduction in schedule A, embracing all kinds of
liquors, and which is now tariffed at one hun-
dred per cent., down to thirty per cent., is right.
I think that it ought not to have gone below fifty
per cent. Wines, brandy, and other drinks,
may be fairly rated as luxuries, and are mainly
consumed by those who are able to pay. I see no
wisdom in facilitating the importation of liquors.
Our country would flourish quite as well without
any. It is not an article of necessary consump-
tion; and |hose who think it too dear need not
buy it or use it.
1 agree with my colleague in the main as to
the effect of this bill upon the iron interest of
Pennsylvania, and upon the manufacturers of
textile fabrics. These interests do not stand en-
tirely equal. The iron interest will not maintain
the relation to the other manufacturing interests
which it did under the tariff of 1846. The iron
interest, it is true, will have from the free list a
common advantage with the other consumers; but
the manufacturer of textile fabrics will have a
diiect relief from this free list in the cheapening
of articles entering largely into their consumption
—dyestuffs, drugs, &c., which compose a very
important item. Logwood and madder are to be
imported free of duty. Madder is a very consid-
erable item in the manufacture of cotton goods.
Had I the time to make the calculation, I could
show that, in the manufacture of Mernmacprints,
our eastern friends have decidedly the advantage
under this bill; but at this time of night I must
content myself with mere hints and assertions,
instead of argument and facts.
But my honorable colleague should reflect, as
I do, that, after all, iron is not the only interest
in Pennsylvania involved in this question. Why,
sir, Philadelphia is one of the greatest manufac-
turing cities in this country—greater even than
Lowell, in Massachusetts. A vast variety of
manufactures are produced in that city—cotton
and woolen, hemp, &c. The interests, therefore,
that are aided by this free list are very consider-
able in our State, and as much entitled to our care
as any other; and I certainly rejoice at their suc-
cess, and that they are to have a fair chance of
prospering under this bill.
I was anxious that the change should not be so
sudden and severe upon this great national interest
of iron—an interest so peculiarly adapted to our
country. We have inexhaustible supplies of the
raw material at widely separated points in the
country, and facilities to manufacture to an un-
limited extent. It has been truly stated by the
Senator from Virginia, that this great interest is
flourishing and growing with marked rapidity,
and that within three years the production has
been almost double. The home production is
rapidly approximating t*> the amount of home
consumption, and I haa hoped that there might be
no necessity for an immediate or any considerable
change in the incidental aid given to it by our
revenue laws. Nor can I be regarded as willingly
assenting to this change. I go for the bill as the
best that can be done. I am convinced that there
is a strong disposition in the present Congress to
go much further in the way of reducing duties
than is proposed in the bill. A failure to reduce
the rate at this time will aggravate the sentiment
for a reduction, and possibly the next Congress
might adopt a much severer policy. I go for it
as an alternative.
But, Mr. President, occupying the position of
a Senator, may I not look beyond the limits of
my own State? I have felt required to do this,
and to consider other interests than those which
I represent here; I have always held that it was
the duty of an American Senator to look to the
interests and rights of all the States. This ques-
tion of adjusting the tariff has been one of the
most difficult that ever came before the American
Congress. There are conflicting interests, real
or imaginary, which it is scarcely possible for
hurfian ingenuity to adjust. Whilst I shall ask,
and I think I have contended for all I can get for
my own constituents* I shall rejoice if it so hap-
pens that, in this adjustment, we have found a
standard of equity between the conflicting inter-
ests of our great and happy country. I believe
that itis the best that could oe reasonably expected
under all the circumstances, aud I shall therefore
vote for it. I am aware of the solicitude of many
of my constituents on this subject. I know there
are those who will complain bitterly of my action;
and my judgment may err; but I have only to say
to these interested parties that, looking oyer the
whole country, and considering the disposition of
the American Congress on this question, I am
about to do what I think is best for them, and for
, the entire people. I doubt very much whether
the calculations of iny friend from Virginia, as to
the immediate reduction of the revenue, will be
realized. For the first year, I think it will not;
but that it will be a permanent reduction of the
revenue I have no doubt, and define the necessity
for disturbing this subject again for years to come.
Twenty-fourpercent.,asa settled policy for years,
with thegeneral acquiescence of the whole country,
will be but little less advantageous to the manu-
facturer of iron than would thirty per cent, be,
maintained by constant struggle for a reduction
to some unknown point. It is often wiser to bear
the ills we have than to fly to others we know
not of. ^ r ft
Mr. President, one sentence more.' the spec-
tacle presented by the American Congress just
now is one which will attract the attention of the
world. Nowhere else has the like been seen. At
the very hour of an adjournment of Congress,
pressed by public business of every character, we
are summoned to rescue the country from the
calamity of a surplus of money in the public
Treasury! The fact will be astounding m coun-
tries where they have been taught that a public
debt is a public blessing.
I should be glad to pursue this subject further,
but I promised the Senate only to declare the
summary of the views which I entertain, and the
reasons why I shall vote for the bill, and differ,
as I regret to do, from my honorable colleague,
who is more experienced in legislation, especially
on this subject, than I am; but being entirely
conscious of the rectitude of my motives, I shall
gladly meet the responsibility of my action before
those whom I have the honor to serve here, and
