1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1068
Marine Corps. They are a part of the Army, so far
as the pay goes. This sum is rendered necessary
by the passage of that bill, and the amendment
must be made now, in consequence of its passage
since the original appropriation bill was reported.
The estimate was made at the Department, and
has been examined by the Committee of Ways
and Means of the House of Representatives.
The amendment would have been offered in the
House of Representatives if that committee had
offered any amendments.
Mr. JOHNSON. How many hundred thou-
sand dollars are to be added to the burdens of the
Treasury, by this amendment?
Mr. MALLORY. Let the Secretary read it,
and the Senator will see.
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to consequential
damages following every act we do.
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment is in lines
fifty-five and fifty-six, to strike out" $324,50318,"
and insert "$359,69 1 68."
Mr. JOHNSON. That is but a beginning. It
■will not stop there, any more than the increase
which has been commenced for the judges will
stop with the three or four to whom you have
voted an addition. I regretted the passage of the
bill increasing the pay of the Army officers. I
did not think it right. I see to-night that the
original opinion of the Senate in the enactment
of some measures connected with the Army has
been destroyed by amendments attached to the
Army appropriation biil. It seems to me that
the more we let these things go on, step by ste'p,
the further we shall be compelled to go hereafter.
Until we consider the propriety of increasing
the pay of the Marine Corps, I hope the Senate
will not, by an amendment to an appropriation
bill introduced by a single member of the body,
undertake to increase their pay to an extent that
they cannot possibly tell. I do not believe the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs now
is entirely able to say conscientiously that he
knows what the extent is to be.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend is entirely mis-
taken. The chairman of the Committee on Naval
Affairs knows not only the extent, but he is able
to tell to a fraction precisely what the amendment
amounts to. It amounts to exactly $35,188 50,
for the whole corps. This increase of pay to the
Marine Corps is now due them by law, and this
estimate is made by the Department to enable
it to pay them. The Committee of Ways and
Means of the House of Representatives have ap-
proved it, and it comes to us with their indorse-
ment. The officers are entitled to it according to
law. .
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the Senator obtain that
information from his own investigations, or from
the statement to him of the Navy Department?
Mr. MALLORY." From the Secretary of the
Navy. I hold in my hand his communication on
the subject.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is a
verbal one, in page 4, line one hundred and seventy,
after the woid " ferriage," to insert " toll."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next is: •
For prepaung for publication the surveys of the late ex-
pedition to the North Pacific occan and Behring's Straits,
and for finishing the publication of the charts made by the
late expedition for ttie exploration and survey of the river
l,a Plata dint tnbutaries, $6,760.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to know what
this means. I have got a little tired of publish-
in" GiHiss's works, and Japan expeditions, and
Wilkes's expeditions. We sent out the Wilkes
expedition, and it was absent four years, and it
lias taken twelve years to publish the results of
its explorations, and I believe they are not yet
completed. We sent Mr. Gilliss to take astro-
nomical observations in Chili, ar.d he comes back
with a book containing an immense collection of
churches, bugs, and things of that kind. These
publications come here in the shape of reports
from the Secretary of the Navy, and we order the
printing of them. This has involved the Govern-
ment in unnecessary expenditures for unneces-
sary publications. Naval officers go out of the
line of their duties to make immense volumes. I
thought it was understood there was to be an end
to the congressional publishing business. Why
are these two reports connected together > How
many volumes is each to be ?
Mr. MALLORY. I should like to ask my
friend from Pennsylvania what he is talking
about? Is it a report he is speaking about, or a
book ?
Mr. BRODHEAD. The charts and other
things you propose to publish.
Mr. MALLORY. I see that my friend does
not understand the question. He imagines that
there is some proposition to publish a book. We
have sent out an exploringexpedition to the iS'orth
Pacific ocean and Behririg's Straits. It has pre-
pared some very valuable charts, and the officers
are now perfecting those charts. This money is
necessary to enable us to put on paper the explo-
rations we have made.
Mr. JOHNSON. It seems to me that this is
utterly unreasonable. Let the amendment be
read; and I desire each Senator to recollect the
rules that govern this body.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is for preparing for pub-
lication surveys of the late expedition to the North
Pacific ocean and Behring's Straits. Will the
Senator state what expedition it is ?
Mr. MALLORY. I did not expect, on the
2d day of March, 1857, to be called upon, in the
Senate of the United States, which fitted out this
expedition—the Senator himself voting for it—to
say that it started from the United States to Behr-
ing's Straits to survey the whaling ground, the
cruising ground of American shipping in the Yel-
lowSea,and the Chinaseas, and Behring's Straits,_
along the coast of Siberia and Kamtschatka and
the North Pacificocean,and were gonefouryears.
They have added to our lists of charts some of
the most valuable the world has over seen. It is
the first time American enterprise has ever added
anything to our knowledge of charts of any part
of the world. Heretofore we have depended on
the English for our charts. Now we are prepar-
ing these of our own. Having fitted out the ex-
pedition at great expense, the officers are here
plotting on paper their surveys. This is no book
publication. The object is to prepare the charts
to guide the way to the whaling grounds for
American commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON. I see also in the amendment,
"and for finishing the publication of the charts
made by the late expedition for the exploration
and survey of the river La Plata and tributa-
ries." It goes from the North Pole to the South
Pole. It is far more extensive than the Wilkes
expedition.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend voted for that
measure.
Mr. JOHNSON. I deny it until I see the
record. The Senator asserts it without knowing
it, and I contradict it with about the same knowl-
edo-e.
Mr. MALLORY. My friend voted for send-
ing the Water "Witch to La Plata and tnbutaries.
She was engaged four years in that enterprise—
one of the most valuable upon which our Navy
has ever been engaged. She has returned with a
large of valuable charts, and the officers
arc plotting them on paper. There is no book in
the case.
Mr. JOHNSON. We shall get a book, and
not only one book, but four books of about six
hunclred pages each, at a cost of $75,000. I verily
believe such is to be the result. I have found it
so heretofore in regard to unprepared productions
which arc brought here and ordered to be printed.
The Committee on Printing are constantly com-
pelled to ask for the reconsideration of orders for
printing, which are palpably wrong in themselves.
Mr. MALLORY. If my friend from Arkansas
apprehends that, under an appropriation for fur-
nishing charts, a book will be printed, all he has
to do is to put in a proviso against it. I know
that no book printing is in contemplation here.
I say to the Senate that nothing in the world is
contemplated but the publication of the charts.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment is " for pre-
paring for publication the surveys of the late ex-
pedition to the North Pacific ocean and Behring's
Straits, and for finishing the publication of the
charts made by the late expedition for the explo-
ration and survey of the river La Plata and trib-
utaries." It isaboutas latitudinous as anything
can well be. We know that the rule of this body
requires the Committee on Printing? when repoit-
ing in favor of printing an extra number of any
document, to presentan estimate from the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, showing the entire
cost. The object is, that that estimate of the
Superintendent having been considered by the
Committee on Printing, and having been pre-
sented here, may be a guarantee to the Senate
against any improper action in printing. The
Committee on Printing-have been compelled to
watch these matters; but we have not been able
to watch them so closely as to feel satisfied that
we had done full justice to the public service.
Here is another proposition in regard to printing
which should properly have come before the Sen-
ate at an earlier day in the session, when it could
have been calmly considered. Now it is pro-
posed to add it to an appropriation bill. You
have no estimate of the cost.- You are not told
the extent of the publication to be printed. You
cannot tell what it is. The amendment is to
" prepare for publication" these surveys. You
do not know the extent and number of the charts
to be printed. I can assure this body that the
heaviest expenditures in connection with our
printing are for preparing and engraving maps
•and charts, and putting them on paper. I hope
the Senate will not adopt a proposition of this
kind until it shall have been considered by the
proper committee; and I can assure you, at the
same time, that it will not be adopted by the
committee until these charts are exhibited. There
is no occasion why they should b<i taken blind-
fold by us now. There is no occasion for pub-
lishing them before the next Congress. If thero
is already authority to pay for going on and pre-
paring these charts, there is no occasion for bring-
ing them here and publishing them until the next
Congress. When they are prepared by the De-
partment they can be presented to Congress at
the next session, and then published, if their pub-
lication be deemed advisable.
I have not been illiberal in my support of
propositions of this kind; though I have pro-
tested against what I believed to be extravagant,
useless, and absurd expenditures. These charts
may be prepared by the next session, and sub-
mitted to Congress, and then published, if it be
deemed advisable when they are before us, and
we can calculate what the cost will be. If you
go on now in the dark, next session you may find
that you have commenced a job which it will take
'§25,000 to finish. Then you will be told that if
you do not make an additional appropriation, you
will have thrown away the six or seven thousand
dollars already expended. That I find to be one
of the most powerful reasons ever brought for-
ward to convince Senators that they should vote
for an appropriation. As soon as you have thrown
away one dollar, you are ready to throw away
ten after it, with the hope of making the one use-
ful.. Such has been the history of our legislation*.
I trust that, as far as the public printing is con-
cerned , when every effort is being made to restrict
it within useful and moderate bounds, we shall
not begin to put these orders on appropriation
bills, instead of having the documents referred to
the Committee on Printing, that they may, accord-
ing to the rules, have an estimate of the cost. If
the Senate begin this course of proceeding now, I
say to them, in all candor and honesty, they ought
to abolish their committee, which is designed to
restrain these outrageous extravagances.
Mr. STUART. I desire to have the amend-
ment amended by adding to it these words;
Provided, The whole expense shall not exceed tile sura
hereby appropriated.
Mr. MALLORY. I accept that.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator will accept any-
thing that will make his proposition more agree-
able to the Senate. Sir, this course of proceeding
is not right. There are no data before you from
whicfi. you can judge what wiil be the end of this
beginning. The Senator from Florida knows
a little about it. He, like most men here, gets
information out of doors. I do not know from
whom he gets it, but it is from outside, and he
believes it because he believes everything that is
said to him. So do the rest of us. The only safety
for the public-is, that those who are outside can-
not speak to a majority. In God's name I ask a
majority to stand by me in opposing propositions
like this. I hope the Senate will reject this amend-
ment The charts are not before as. They are
not now plotted on paper. When you make this
appropriation for plotting them on paper, you will
next be told that they should bs published, or we
