1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1067
should not now be made, it may be some eighteen
months before another Congress would make the
necessary appropriation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I have another amendment:
&
j}nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
is hereby authorized to sell at public auction the wharf to
the Naval Asylum, and also the plot of ground cut off trom
the Asylum by Sliippen street, it in his opinion a fair price
can bo obtained for if, fho pioeceds fo be carried to the
credit of the Naval Hospital fund, from which fund they
were purchased.
This is to authorize the Secretary of the Navy
to sell a piece of land which he regards as useless
to the Naval Asylum.
A Senator. Where is it?
Mr. MALLORY. We have but one naval
asylum, and that is at Philadelphia.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have great doubts about
this amendment, though I should like to vote for
it if I could. Much regret has been expressed
here to-night as to the amount of money in the
Treasury; and we have heard expressions of
anxiety as to the tariff. If we permit measures
like this to go on, we shall be filling the Treasury
so full by the proceeds of the sales of public
property that we shall not know what to do with
it. [Laughter.] It is palpable that we shall
never reach a low state of the public Treasury if
we go on in this way; and the thermometer of
public prosperity, as indicated by the.Treasury,
■will never come down at all. I trust this will not
be adopted. Of course it will add largely to the
Treasury, and if that be done I am afraid we
shall not know what to do with the money.
[Laughter.] It must either add to the Treasury,
or there must be a little corruption in selling the
property.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment is:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of tlie Navy
be, and he is hereby, directed to liave piepared, and to re-
port to Congress at its next session lor its apptoval, a code
of regulations for the government of the Nav;, which s-liall
embrace such gencial oideis and foims for the. peiforniance
of all the necessary duties incumbent on the officers there-
of, both ashore and afloat, including lules for the govern-
ment of couits-inartial and courts of inquiry, as well as to
establish the rank and precedence of each grade of officers
in the line of promotion, and the relative lank and prece-
dence, ashore and afloat, between them and 11011-combat-
ants^ and between officers and petty officers of all grades
not m the line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. The next amendment of the
Naval Committee is to add, as new sections:
Jlni be it further enadei, That the Secretary of the Navy
be, and he is hereby, authorized and rcquueil to cause to
be constiueted for the United States Navy, at as early a
day as practicable, consistently with a due repaid foi econ-
omy and efficiency, ten sloops-of-war, to be piovided with
screw propellers, and propeily armed and equipped for sei-
vice ; said vessels and machinery to be built by contract, or
in the Government navy-yards, as the Secretary of the Navy
may think most advisable for the public interest.
Jlrid be it further enactcd, That there be, and is hereby,
appropriated, to be expended by the Secretary of the Navy
for the puipose above stated, $2,000,000, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that the separate bill
which we passed for ten sloops-of-war?
Mr. MALLORY. It is the bill we passed last
session for building ten steam sloops. If I may
mention what has taken place in the House of
Representatives, I will say that they endeavored
to pass it there to-day, and had a large majority,
but as it required a two-third vote it could not.be
done. This is offered at the instance of the Naval
Committee of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any description of
size ?
Mr. MALLORY. They are sloops-of-war
drawing seventeen feet of water. We have now
no such vessels in our Navy as these will be.
They will be the only steam vessels of war which
can enter our southern ports.
Mr. WADE. 1 ask for the yeas and nays on
this question. It seems to me to be an important
one.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. MALLORY. I have another amendment:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the yearly pay of the
clerks to the put sers stationed at each of the navy-yards at
Boston, New York, and Norfolk, and of the clerks to the in-
spectors in charge of piovisions and clothing at those yards,
shall be $1,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 move to reconsider the vote
adopting the last amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know what the
pay of clerks to pursers now is at se^i:
Mr. MALLORY. Pursers' clerks did not
exist by law until the last session of Congress.
The pursers had them, and paid them out of their
own pockets. They were pursers' stewards,
usually taken from the men before the mast. Last
session we changed their name from stewards to
clerks, and gave them the same pay as midship-
men, §450 at sea. For sea service it is very easy
to get pursers' clerks at almost any salary. Per-
sons are willing to go for the sake of the cruise,
living in the steerage or ward-room. The salaries
of these clerks, however, at the large disbursing
yards of New York, Boston, and Norfolk, is only
§750. It is not deemed necessary to increase the
salary of similar classes of clerks at the other
navy-yards, because they have nothing like as
much to do. At the large refitting yards these
men have much to do. They are employed from
morning to night. They perform responsible
duties. The Department thinks §750 a year is
too little for them.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. About $1,000,000
are disbursed annually at eacft of these yards.
The motion to reconsider TSfas not agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move, in lines eight and
nine, to strike out "$3,505,449," and insert:
Four million three hundred and eighty thousand four j
bundled and eighty-inns dollars; and the Seciet.iry of ilie
Navy be, and he is hereby, authorized to enlist ten thou-
sand men for the Navy, instead of seven thousand live hun-
dred, and to expend so much of this amount as may, in Ins
opinion, be necessary to transport officers and men to and
from Panama, to relieve the officers and ciewo of ships hi
the Pacific—
so that the clause will then read: "
" Foi pay of commissioned, wai rant, and petty officers
and seamen, including the engineer eoips of the Navy,
£4,380,489, and the Secietaiy of the Navy be, and he is
hereby, authorized to enlist ten thousand liK'n," &.C.
The Secretary of the Navy has, for five or six
years, brought to the attention of Congress the
inadequacy of the number of seamen employed.
I have before rac his last recommendation on the
subject, in these words:
" I again renew the recommendation heretofore often
made, of allowing the Depaitirient to employ as many as
ten thousand seamen, instead of seven thousand five hun-
dred. The number now allowed is inconveniently small,
paiticularly at this tnne, when so many will be needed to
man the new frigates nearly completed, the machinery of
which, in accordance with tlie contracts, must be tested at
an early day."
The sum named is the estimate of the Depart-
ment at $250 per man per annum for the two
thousand five hundred additional seamen. The
amendment also contains a provision allowing the
Secretary of the Navy to expend a portion of the
fund in transporting officers and seamen across
the Isthmus to supply the place of the Pacific
fleet.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Senator has now moved
to increase an appropriation from three millions
to four millions of dollars. A great deal of anx-
iety has existed to get clear of the surplus in the
Treasury. I think now we are in a fair way to
attain the object of depleting it. I am proud to
see how it is done, when I know that it is to be
for national glory. Feeling this so sensibly, I
must say that I think I have been wrong all the
while m objecting, as 1 have done, to these various
appropriations, even on little matters of public
printing, in regard to which this body makes a
rule and then violates it whenever a chance is pre- i
sented. I shall make no opposition to this prop- j
osition to increase an appropriation over one
million of dollars. I only call attention to it, as
showing that we shall very soon have no surplus.
Of course, we ought to pass this measure, and
carry out the views of the committee and the
Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of.Tennessee. I have two orthree
little amendments, with which I am charged by
the Committee on Naval Affairs. The first is to
insert,-as an additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of $71,000 be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any moneys m the
Treasuiy not otherwise appropuated, to be applied m car-
rying out the third section of the act '• to amend an act enti-
tled ' An act to promote thecfficiencv of the Navy,' " grant-
ing one year's duty pav to the dropped officers who shall
not be restoi ed to the Navy; and that ail the said dropped
officers shall be entitled to receive the same foithvvitli; but
if restored to the Navy, the amount so received under this
provision shall be deducted from the pay to wlueh they will
be entitled under the sixth section of the said act to amend
the act to promote the efficiency of the Navy.
I will simply observe that this provision is
already made for them; but the payment is with-
held for six months by the act which we have
passed. This amendment provides for paying it
immediately. It contains nothing which has not
already been passed into law except that. The
only question is, whether we shall pay the dropped
officers now in advance, and allow the money to
be deducted from the pay of those who may be
restored, or whether we shall keep them all wait-
ing for six months.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have another
amendment from the committee. It is to insert,
after line one hundred and ninety:
That from and after the 1st of July, 1856, the clerks and
others in the Washington navy-yaid shall be entitled to
receive, as heretofore, the compensation authorized by
the act of April 22,1854, for the payment of which sucli
sum as may be necessary be and is hereby appropriated.
For two years no payment has been made of
this sum, which is aue under the act of 1854.
That act provides:
" That the stamg^and blank-agent forthe Post Office De-
partment shall receive the same salary as clerks of the
second class provided for in the first section of this act;
and an addition of twenty per cent, is hereby added to the
pay now authorized by law to each of the messengers,
packers, laborers, and watchmen of the different Executive
Departments of the Government in Washington ; to the
cleiks employed at the navy-yard and marine barracks at
Washington."
By some accident or negligence no estimate has
been made for two years. I moved this amend-
ment last year; but in (lie confusion and impa-
tience of the Senate, at the close of the session,
it was not inserted. These officers are now en-
titled to twenty per cent, for two years.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the twenty per cent,
law was a tempoiary one for one year only.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. In 1855, an esti-
mate was made, and an appropriation was made
for this object.
Mr. HUNTER. Does the Senator understand
that as having been a permanentaddition to their
salaries ?
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. Yes, sir.
Mr. RUSK. The amendments of this com-
mittee seem to be interminable. It is now half
past twelve o'clock, and we have hardly a quorum
present. I move that the Senate adjourn.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, by general con-
sent, presented, for reference, a Iious£ bill (No.
289) for the relief of John W. Cox; and it was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com- ,
mittee on Pensions.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills and resolutions, which had
heretofore received the signature of the Speaker
of the House of Representatives:
An act to establish an additional land district
in the State of Wisconsin;
An act for the relief of William L. Davidson;
An act for the relief of Jedediah H. Lathrop
and sureties;
A resolution concerning Wolf Island;
A resolution relative to sections sixteen and
thirty-six, in the Territories of Minnesota, Kan-
sas, and Nebraska;
An act to confirm certain entries of land therein
named;
An act to establish three additional land offices
in the Territory of Nebraska; and
An act to establish three additional land offices
in the Territory of Kansas.
MARY HOOKER.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My friend from Texas has
agreed to withdraw the motion for adjournment
to enable me to have a bill passed, if the Senate
will extend me that favor. In twenty-four hours
I shall not be a member of this body any longer.
There is on the table a private bill from the House
of Representatives granting a pension to an old
lady, which I should like to have passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tmpore. The Chair
will receive the Senator's motion by general con-
S6Mr. BRODHEAD. I mure to take up1 the bill
