1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1060
lias been heretofore no order or law in regard to it;
consequently it is liable at all times to involve
greater expense, or to create difficulties between
the different public printers. I ask for the con-
sideration and adoption of the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the printing ordered during the ensuing
special session of the Senate shall be executed by the
printer to the Senate foi the present Congress.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MAPS OF THE PATUXENT AND ST. MARY'S
RIVERS.
Mr. JOHNSON, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution; which was
considered by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the maps of the Patuxent and St. Mary's
rivers, ordered by the Senate to be engraved on the 14th of
January, if not communicated to the Senate before the close
of the present session, be transmitted to the Secretary oftlie
Senate when completed.
PENITENTIARIES IN NEBRASKA AND KAN-
SAS.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask leave to report back
from the Committee on Territories a bill making
appropriations for the construction of a peniten-
tiary in (he Territory of Nebraska, with an amend-
ment making a similar provision for a penitentiary
in Kansas, which is very essential. Itcosts more
there to guard each prisoner than the jail itself
■would cost. I hope the bill will be acted oil
now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the bill
(H. R. No. 415) to make an appropriation for
the construction of a penitentiary in the Territory
of Nebraska.
It proposes to appropriate $30,000, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, for the erection of a penitentiary at
the capital of Nebraska Territory, if it can be j
built and completed, including cost of site, for !
that sum.
The Committee on Territories reported the bill
with an amendment making a similar provision
for the construction of a peniten tiary in the Ter-
ritory of Kansas.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read the third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. DOUGLAS, the title was
amended so as to read: " A bill to make an ap-
propriation for the construction of a penitentiary
in the Territories of Nebraska and Kansas.
GRANT OF LANDS TO KANSAS.
Mr. STUART. I ask the Senate to take up
the bill making a grant of land to the Territory !
of Kansas to aid in the construction of a rail road.
It can be passed in five minutes. I am anxious !
to have it passed now, so that it may be acted on ;
in the House of Representatives at this session, j
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I hope we shall
proceed with the bill which was under considera- J
tion when the Senate adjourned last night. j
The motion of Mr. Stuart was agreed to; and j
the Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. G38) making a
grant of alternate sections of the public lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad in the Territory
of Kansas. It makes a grant of land in the usual j
form for a road from the Missouri river, by way j
of Lawrence and Lecompton, to Fort Ititcy. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask that the bill be ;
read.
The Secretary proceeded to read it, but was in-
terrupted by
Mr. STUART. There is certainly no use in
reading the bill through. It is in the ordinary
form of bills granting public lands to railroads.
Mr. HUNTER. Does it require unanimous j
consent to consider this bill ? It is a bill granting ,
alternate sections of the public lands to a railroad, j
and I cannot consent that the consideration of the j
appropriation bills shall be put aside for such a [
bill as that. ... .
Mr. STUART. We can pass it in five mm-1
utes. I
Mr. HUNTER. I had no idea of what the !
bill was when it was taken up. j
Mr. BIGGS. Let the amendments be read. !
The Secretary read the first amendment of the
Committee on Public Lands, which was, in lines
nine and eleven, to strik.e out the following words:
" With a branch fiom said road, to run southerly, near
Fort Scott, to the north line of said Territory, in the direc-
tion of Galveston, in the State of Texas."
Mr. BIGGS. I desire to know whether or not
this is an appropriation of public lands for a rail-,
road company; and if so, what kind of company
it is that is to receive this bounty? What author-
ity has chartered the corporation that is to obtain
the grant we are about to make? I understand
that most of these railroad grants have been made
to the authorities of the States or Territories. If
this grant is to be made, it seems to me it ought
to be made to the corporate authorities of the Ter-
ritory, and let them determine about the location
of the roads.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the naval
appropriation bill. This is the last day of the
session, and we have yet to act upon three appro-
priation bills—the civil, mail steamer, and forti-
fication bills, besides the navy bill.
Mr. STUART. I think the Senator had bet-
ter let this bill bo explained and passed before he
makes his motion. 1 only wish to say to the Sen-
ator from North Carolina that this bill has been
considered with great care, and has been placcd
in a shape which all the contending parties in
Kansas agree to. It suits all parties, and they
say they would not agree to anything else. The
company is chartered by the Territorial Legisla-
ture of Kansas. They propose to construct a
road from Missouri, by way of Lawrence and
Lecompton, to Fort Riley. The grant of land
proposed by the bill is not large, because a con-
siderable share of the land is already taken up.
Mr. BIGGS. I should like to know how much
land is contained in the grant.
Mr. HUNTER. I make a motion to postpone
all prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the
naval appropriation bill.
Mr. STUART. I hope that will not be done.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
PRIORITY OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDING OPPICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
hick in the chair.) The unfinished business, at
the time of the adjournment last evening — the
naval appropriation bill—is now before the Sen-
ate, as m Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. There was a small
amendment pending when the Senate adjourned
last nia'ht, in regard to the clerks at the navy-
yard, respecting the compensation authorized by
the act of 1834, no estimate fur which has been
made for two years past.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I rise to aquestionof order.
Is there a bill now pending'
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The motion made was to post-
pone all prior orders, but not to take up another
order.
Mr. HUNTER. That is always put in one
motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
was to postpone and take up.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. The unfinished
business of yesterday is now under consideration,
as I understand.
Mr. STUART. Two motions cannot he put at
once. A Senator cannot move to postpone prior
orders, and at the same time to take up another
blThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
inform the Senator that the postponement of the
bill last under consideration brought up for con-
sideration the business which was before the
Senate at the lime of the adjournment last even-
ins;.
Mr. STUART. That is a mistake. The morn-
ing hour has not yet expired. The unfinished
business will come up at one o'clock, and not till
then. „ T ,
Mr. HUNTER. Ever since I have been in
the Senate the motions to postpone and take up
lia.vc always been put as one motion. I have
never heard the question raised before about sep-
arating the motion to postpone all prior orders
from the motion to take up a particular bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I submit a motion to test
the question. I move to postpone the naval ap-
propriation bill, for the purpose of taking up the
bill for the admission of Oregon into the Union
as a State, and on that question I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Biggs, Bright, Douglas, Durkee, Fish,
Fitch, Foster, Gwin, Johnson, Nourse,"Sebastian, Seward,
Stuart,Toueey,Tiuml)uil. Weller, Wilson, and Yulee—18.
NAYS—Means. Adains, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Brodhead, Brown, Clay, Fesscnden, Fitzpatiick, Foot,
Geyer, Green, Halo, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, James,
Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennessee, Mason, Pearce, Pratt,
Rusk, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, and Wade—2G.
So the motion was not agreed to.
DUPLICATE PATENTS.
Mr. STUART. I desire to make a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the Senate passed
a joint resolution in regard to authorizing the
issue of duplicate patents for lands in certain
cases. I ask that the motion to reconsider may
be entered.
The motion was entered.
MINNESOTA LAND BILL.
Mr. STUART. A bill has been returned from
the House of Representatives, with an amend-
ment, which I ask general consent to have taken
up and concurred in.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 57G) making a
grant of land to the Territory of Minnesota, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said Territory.
Mr. STUART. It is unnecessary to read the
amendment.
Mr. BIGGS. Let it be read. I desire to hear
it.
The Secretary. The amendment is to add aa
a new section:
jlnft he it further enacted, That there be, and hereby is,
granted to the State of Alabama, to aid in the construction
of a railroad from the line of Georgia, oil the Chattahoocliia
river 
Mr. FOOT. It is unnecHsary to go through
with the reading of the amendment. It is a grant
in the usual form.
Mr. BIGGS. I want to know the purport of it.
Mr. FOOT. The principle of the bill and of
the House amendment is the same.
Mr. BIGGS. I understand it is a railroad bill
for Alabama, added to the Minnesota bill.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Senate concur in
the amendment.
Mr. BIGGS. I am opposed to that as well aa
to the ongmal bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of th" Whole,
resumed the consideration of the hill (IT. R. No.
633) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending the 30th of June, 185b.
Mr. IjELL, of Tennessee. When the Sonata
adjourned last evening a small amendment was
pending, to appropriate a sufficient sum of money
to pay the clerks in the Washington navy-yard,
according to the act of 1854, which appeals to bo
the permanent, law. No estimate has been mado
for this payment during the last year or this year,
and the amendment is to supply that defect in the
estimate. It is a permanent law, not a new pro-
vision.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is oil the amendment of the Committee on .Naval
Affairs, after line one hundred and ninety, to in-
sert:
—" that fiom and after the 1st of July, ISjG, the eleiks and
others in the Washington navy-jarri shall be entitled to
receive the compensation authorized by the tin of April
1854; for tin1 payment or -which such sum as may bo neces-
sary be, and the >.amo ta hereby, appropriated."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I have another
amendment from the Committee on IN aval /Vil&ifSy
to insert after Ixne ten, the following:
That the oncers of the La Plati expedition who per-
fo> m^d the duties of grades ln«hei than ihuir <nv n respect-
ively" shall be entitled to receive, in lien of the pav of their
own grades, the pay of the grades wluwe dunes tl*;y per-
formed respectively, for and durinsrtiie time they perlormod
the same; and that the same be paid out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropiiated.
The amendment was agreed to.
