1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1071
be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be extended
and completed the exploration of the Parana and the tribu-
taries of the Paraguay river: Provided, That the expense
thereof shall not exceed $25,000, which aie hereby appro-
priated for that purpose out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer an amendment. It is
in compliance with a resolution introduced by the
honorable Senator from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs:]
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Navy
causc an exploration to be made by some competent officer
of the Navy of the river Nigei in Afm-ri, with a view to as-
certain its navigability, and that for that purpose may cause
to be prepared br procured a small steam vessel adapted to
liver navigation; and that a sum not exceeding $2ojO(K), in
the discretion of the Secretary of the Navy, is hereby ap-
propriated to the purpose of this act out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to these explora-
tions, I think it is very good employment for a
navy if a proviso be put in the amendments, that
they shall not cause extra pay, and not cause
extra expense for all naval purposes; but I do
not know that we ought to send them merely for
the purpose of promoting geographical inquiry.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am willing to accept the
proposition of the Senator from Virginia as to
extra pay, to insert as a proviso:
Provided, That no extra pay be allowed to such officers
for this seiviee.
•Mr. SLIDELL. I think that amendment is
altogether superfluous. There have been one or
two cases in which extra pay has been accorded.
We have had before the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs of the Senate some eight or ten applications
of officers claiming pay on the Japan expedition
and the Behring's Straits expedition; but the
committee have uniformly reported against those
allowances, and the Senate has sustained their re-
port. I think it would be well enough that these
gentlemen should understand there is no prob-
ability of receiving extra pay; but the amendment
woula seem to imply that, as a general rule, they
ought to have it. I think it would be safer to
dispense with that modification..
Mr. HUNTER. I think it might just as well be
known, becausc if we create expeditions, and give
extra pay to some and not to others, it causes
dissatisfaction and inequality in the service. I
think it had better be known that that is the rule.
Mr. TOOMBS. It ought to be the rule.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have prepared an amend-
ment which is more general than that read from
the table by the Clerk, and which will apply to
all these explorations, and not to this particular
one.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw mine, in order
that the Senator may offer his.
Mr. BENJAMIN. My amendment is:
Provided, That no extra pay noi allowance shall be
granted to any of the officers or men employed in the ex-
plorations autlioiized by the present act.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
The bill was reported to the Semte as amended;
and the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole were concurred in.
Mr. MALLORY. I will offer the amendment
which was voted down last evening, when there
was but a bare quorum present:
Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That the Secretary of the Navv,
under ttio direction of the President or' the United State*,
be, and he is hereby, authouzed to cause a i-tone dry-dock
for the naval service to be constructed,upon the most ap-
pioved pi an. at the navyvaid at Pensacola, Florida, and
that towards defraying the expense thereof tiie sura of
$100,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of
any money ill theTreasuiy not othei wise appropuatud.
Mr. HUNTER. I should vote for a stone dry-
dock there, if we had the estimates and plans,
and knew what was to be the cost-, but wo cannot
now, at this late stage of the session, mature a
scheme for that. I think there ought to be a stone
dry-dock on the Gulf.
Mr. MALLORY. Thepropositionbefore you
has been reported about two months, and the
plans and estimates for the dock have been before
the Senate for the same time. We have a depart-
mental plan and a departmental report 011 the
present dock. 1 will not debate the proposition.
I would rather withdraw the amendment than
have a debate on it.
Mr. I3RODHEAD. I feel bound by a sense
of duty to restate my objections to this proposi-
tion
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw the amendment.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and passed.
W. W. WIMMER.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
House joint resolution (No. 36) for the relief of
W. W. Wimmer,late postmaster at WestZanes-
ville, Ohio, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. PUG-H. I ask the Senate to consider that
resolution now.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider the
joint resolution, the object of which is to author-
ize the Postmaster General to allow and pay to
William W. Wimmer, late postmaster at West
Zanesville, Ohio, for service performed by him
as special mail messenger to transport the mail
between his post office and the cars of the Central
Ohio Railroad Company, from May, 1855, to No-
vember, 185G, inclusive, such rate of compensa-
tion as he may consider just and reasonable, not
to exceed in the aggregate the sum of £,100.
The resolution was reported to the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, was received, announc-
ing that the House of Representatives had passed
the bill of the Senate (No. 4) to settle certain ac-
counts between the United States and the State
of Mississippi, and other States.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. PEARCE, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 634) making appropriation
for fortification^and other works of defense, and
for repairs of barracks and quarters, for the year
ending June 30, 18S8, which had been repo'rted
by the Committee on Finance without amend-
anent.
Mr. WELLER. 1 have an amendment to offer
from the Committee on Military Affairs, to add
to the bill:
For fortifications for thfi dffpnee of the inner passes into
Mobile bay, known as Grant's Pass and Fasg Au Heron,
$100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment
to offer. These amendments are for the various
systems of defense recommended by the engineer
department and the Secretary of War:
For fomfication fur tiic defense of the entrance to Gal-
veston haihor and bay, Texas, §'100,000.
Mr. PEARCE. Is that recommended by the
War Department?
Mr. RUSK, Certainly; and a bill passed the
Senate at the last session for this very object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment
to offer:
For the foitification of Ship Island, coast of Mississippi, •
5ioo,uoo.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment:
To purchase a site and construct additional de&iisew for
San Francisco, California, $3011,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have another:
For fortifications at the entrance of New Bedford harbor,
§150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I offer another amendment:
For fortifications at Sandy Hook, New Jersey, outlet of
New York, §150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. Nearly all of these amend-
ments were included, at the last session, in a bill
which was laid on the table an hour or two before
the adjournment, when it was found impossible to
pass it. I offer another amendment;
Ful tile coinirieficeinent of a foit opposite to Fort Schuy-
ler, N'jw Yolk. $150,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I hope the Senator will
state, when he offers these amendments, whether
they have the sanction of the War Department,
or of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WELLER. These items have all been
recommended by the engineer department for
several years. Nearly, if not quite all of them,
I think, are recommended by the Secretary of War
as works indispensably necessary for the protec-
tion of the commerce of the country. In fact,
these appropriations ought to have been made long
since. We have a bill pending now in the Senate,
I understand, for the distribution of the surplus
in the Treasury amongst the respective States.
I think that the money can be more properly
expended in putting the country in a proper state
of defense. Now, whilst we have a redundancy
in the Treasury, is the proper time to make these
appropriations for the construction of fortifica-
tions. I offer another amendment:
For the erection of a fort on the site of Fort Tompkins,
in the State of New York, §150,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. I have another amendment
to offer:
For fortifications at the entrance of Kennebec river, Mains,
$100,000.
The amendment was agreed to:
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator from
California if he has not an amendment to report
for the construction of fortifications in Portland
harbor, which was recommended by the engineer
corps?
Mr. WELLER. The amendments I have of-
fered were all agreed to by the Committee on
Military Affairs, and recommended by the Sec-
retary of War. I will move an additional amend-
ment for the purpose stated by the Senator from
Maine. The appropriation recommended by the
War Department is $50,000. I offer this amend-
ment:
For the commencement of a fortification 011 Hog Island
ledge, m Portland harbor, $50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER.. I desire to correct an error
made in the appropriation for the fortifications at
Sandy Hook. I find that the recommendation
of the War Department ia^j2">0,000, instead of
$150,000. I ask that the a^ffindment be made tq
conform to the recommendation of the Depart-
ment, taking it for granted that that amount of
money can be profitably expended there.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
perhaps had better move to rcconsider the vote
adopting the amendment, with a view to modify
it.
Mr. WELLER. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to; and the appropria-
tion for Sandy Hook was increased from |l50,000
to 4250,000, and as thus modified was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in, and ordered to ba
engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time. It
■was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cijjllom, their Clerk, announced that they
had passed the following Senate bills:
A bill (No. 530) for the relief of John Riley,
an Indian, of the State of Michigan; and
A bill (No. 502) to amend an act granting pub-
lic lands, in alternate sections, to the State of
Alabama, to aid in the construction of certain
railroads in said State.
Also, that it had passed the. bill of the Senate
(No. 580) for the adjustment of private land claims
in the States of Florida, Louisiana, Arkansas, and
Missouri, and for other purposes, with an amend-
ment; in which the concurrence of the Senate was
requested. -
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced tluU the Housa
disagreed to the amendments of the Senate to tho
bill (H. R. No. 616) making appropriations for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
30th of June, 1858, and asked a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon; and
had "appointed Mr. GIcitman, Mr. Haven, and
Mr. Wakesian, conferees on the part of the
House.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate in-
sisted upon its amendments disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and agreed to the con-
| ference asked by the House on the disagreeing
