1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
votes of the two Houses; and Mr. Crittenden,
Mr. Wei leu, and Mr. Stuart, were appointed
conferees on the part of the Senate.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL,
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Cullom, their Clerk, an-
nounced that the House agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the bill (H. R.
No. 636) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department for the year ending
June 30, 1858.
REVENUE LAWS.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill (S. No.
586) to amend the act reducing the duty on im-
ports, and for other purposes, passed July 30,
1846, with an amendment.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the amendment
was non-concurred in.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed several enrolled bills;
which wore then signed by the President pro tem-
pore, viz:
An act to constitute Selma, in the State of
Alabama, a port of delivery;
An act for the relief of Mary Hooker;
An act reducing the duty on imports, and for
other purposes; and
An act making a grant of land to the Territory
of Minnesota, m alternate sections, to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in said Terri-
tory, and granting public lands, m alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of a certain rail-
road in said Statu.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Finance, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 615) making appropriations for cer-
tain civil expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, lyjS, to report it back
with amendments. J move that the bill be now
taken up and eonsidyed.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded,as in Committee of the Whole, to consider
the bill.
The first amendment of the Committee on
Finance was, on page 3, after line fifty, to insert:
For contingent expense-* incident to tlif constiuctson of
the custom hou-e at FJKwoith, Maine, $!.">.OQO.
Foi qidflin^ ami lenem^ grounds of the new custom-
house at licliast. Manic. £o,0ud.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was, after line fifty-five, to insert:
For aradntg and fmcmtr the giouni'H of the new rnaiine
hospital at ban I'1!anci-eo, Odlift<rma. £00,000.
For the paipo-e or adding an additional ^tory to the cus-
tom hoiwo and post nfiico building at Pet'-isburg, Vn spina,
$•20,000: Punded, Tint no part of the said sum ofmoTW
Jieteby appropuated «nall be expended for the consuuction
of a poiitco to s-aici buik'mg.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert after line fifty-five:
For finishing. repairing, refitting, and refurnishing the
niauiic hospital at Kuiucbh. Kentucky, £10,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
finance was, m hne sixty, after the word " grad-
ing," to insert "the grounds belonging to;" so
that the clause will read:
For fencing and <zradin<z the grounds belonging to the
mamto normal ;lr Portland, Maine; and for introducing
watci. e, eeting <• tables, iemovms arid repairing old huikhng
toi Pf--t hoi^e, and puttin* in kitchen ranges, £16,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out all after the word " as-
sistants, M in hne seventy-seven, to and including
the word " lakes," in line seventy-nine, so that
the clause will read:
For saiane? of five hunched and foity-three keepers
of lii'b! hou.,os and light-beacons, and other assistants,
jp>017.k20U,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to insert after line one hundred and
fifty-one:
For mtoimg the light-house works near Coffin3* Patches
Florida, to their condition prior to the hurricane of the 27tL
and 26th of August, 1850, $29,053 81.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was to strike out all after the word " De-
partment," m line one hundred and fifty-four, to
the end of line one hundred and fifty-five, and
insert $6,508 82; so that the clause will read:
For fuel and quarters for officer of the Arrav serving on
lieht-hou^e duty, the payment of which is no longer pro-
vided for by the quartermaster's depaitment, §6,508 82.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi-
nance was in page 7, after line one hundred and
fifty-five, to insert:
For compensation of two superintendent* for the life
stations on the coasts of Long Island and New Jersey,
§2,061 14.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert:
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of stations,
$7,123 80.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to insert:
For contingencies of hie station* on the coasts of Long
Island and New Jersey, .$15,000,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on Fi- I
nance was in page 8, after the word " and," in ;
the one hundred and seventy-fourth line, to strike j
out " seventy," and insert " sixty;" so that the :
i clause will read: 1
For &nrve\mg m Loin-iana at augmented rates now au- j
thouzed by law, s-l,'(66. j
The amendment was agreed to. |
The next amendment of the Committee on
! Finance was to strike out from line two hundred
and fifty-five to line two hundred and fifty-eight
inclusive, in the following words:
Foi annuallepaii^of the President's Houseandfurniture,
inipmv.'iUL-nt or mound-. piireluiMnu trees and plants for
■ £.ii don, and making hot b -d^ thoiein, and contingent ex-
j pen*e- incident tiKicto. ,;;),000.
| And to insert in lieu thereof:
Fo> annual lepair* of the Pie-id^n! Ilouse and furnituie,
(incnid.ij^ tne p.iintinyr of t'ie Fa-t room and entire woik
oF The intJiior. luting up ihe wafi closets and cistern-*, and .
making other nece- uy mnvovoment5:,) improvement of
ground-?, p n eha-m:; he'-.-and plant- for maiden. mid making
hot-bed^ therein, and contingent expenses incident thereto,
31 l.rsOJ. " |
The amendment was agreed to. j
The next amendment of the Committee on ;
Finance was to i.isort: I
Foi refurnishing die Pn -uU'iit'-- TToine, to hs expewh d
und< 1 the u; :e*mn o{ Pie^idiMit, m addition to the pio- 1
eeeds of the --Je of -ueh of th? luimture and equipage as
may be decaw-d and uniit toi u-e. y.20,000. !
The amendment wes agreed to. \
The next amendment of the Committee on
Fioance was to insert at the end of the bill: |
F-'i completing and Annishnu the building putchased of ,
the Dank of Fenn-nlvama. to ad ip: it to tin; u.-ys of the
post of:ice in the c;tyo: Pnnudelphin. .-;'luJ,UU0.
The amendment was agreed to. j
The next amendment of the Committee on ,
Finance was to insert at the end of the bill:
For expense of loans and TVa-ury note-, $.3,000, being
so much fit' the amount of ^ueh nppiopnation heretofoi e 1
made, a> wa* eanud to tne surplus fund on the 30th ot ■
Jane, 1^56, winch is heiebv reappiopiiated.
The amendment was ?greed to. :
The nrxt amendment of the Committee on '
Finance wr-s to insert at the end of the bill: :
To enable the Seeieta^y of ^taf3 to p'lrena^c five hun-
dred copir-n of tn^ tor' <-p, prd edition of ihe Diplonianr. Cor-
lCsponrl'.M'-'e of the ilr vohuam, loi di-ti ibuuon i<) • u-.h pjb- 1
he at ho'nc and abir„id. ;<i>d to-u'di lon-'ivn
Covenim:;. t-, a-j mv, u Jt have boon supplied with a copy ;
ol the hist (.ration, sj'j.ouo. ,
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to jpsort ot the end of the bill:
; To enabSe the Pre-i'l^ntof ih( United ^tate.i to cary into ,
j elfect the act of Cons.'res-; of the 3dofMaich, 1819,and any .
j subsequent acts n'uv m iorce, for the suppression of the
j slave trade,
j The amendment was agreed to. j
| The next amendment of the Committee on
j Finance was to insert at the end of the bill:
1 To enable the Secietarv of Star^ to prn for the services
| of Dr. James Morrow to the Japan expodi-
i tion, under Commodore Fairy, such sum as shall be tound
due under the act for his relief, approved February 18,1857,
$5,995 60, or so much thetcofas may be necessity.
Mr. HUNTER. To show that this is not a
private claim, I will merely state that a bill was
passed for his relief containing no appropriation.
This amendment makes an appropriation to meet
that law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee 011
Finance was to add at the end of the bill:
For expenses of packing and distubutmg the congres-
sional Journals and documents, in pursuance of a provision
contained 111 the joint resolution of Congress, apptoved St'tU
of January, 1857, $22,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add at the end of the bill:
For a small class revenue cutter, to he located in the col-
lection distnct of Key "VVe^t, .-£3,500.
The amendment was ag^ed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to add at the end of the bill:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to cause such
expeuments and analyse^ of different bed* of ore as to test
whetliei any of sneh 01c, m their native «tate, po-^esa
alloy? that will resist the tendency to oxydize to a greater
extent than othei>; and to ascertain under what circum-
stance.' found, and u-hcie, m order to facilitate the proper
selections of iron for public works, .$2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to ofFer the following amend-
ment:
For packing and distributing the Journal® and congres-
sional documents to such f.chooh, college^, public iibiaries,
atheneuin^. I.teiary and scientific iniiitnuons, boards of
tiadc, or public associationa> truv be designated by tlm
Secretary of the Interior to reccive them, undei the joint
resolution appioved January 23. 1S57, ,^10,000,
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
Maryland that there is an appropriation already
contained in the bill of $22,000 for packing and
distributing documents. That should cover the
whole expense.
Mr. PEARCE. Then I withdraw that amend-
ment, and send to the Chair another:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pay the super-
intendent of ihe building occupied bv said Secretary and
hi^ Dupuiunenr jrom tin"' Nt day ot January, 1655. to the
3i)rh of June, LS3S'. the .iMoHMnrep to be made to suc11 su -
penntendent. \\ith hi? s^laiyas cleik.not to exceed $2,OCO
per annum, the sum of 00.
The amendment v;as agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. I have three amendments to
offer from the Committee on the Library, They
are unanimously recommended by that committee
and by the Committee on Public Grounds and
Buildings. The first is to add:
For inclosing the Botanic Garden with a substantial iion
railing with granite ba^e, £-20.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. The next amendment of the
Committee on the Library is to add:
For flavins: the mam avenue m the Botanic Caiden,and
for - lone gutter for same, .^u,!jf>0.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PEARCE. The next amendment is to
insert:
For the construction of a wooden bridge, with a double
track, aci oss the canal, in the hne of Mai tie avenue, .^1,odd.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. J have two amendments
to offer from the Committee on Finance. I ani
directed by that committee to offer the following
amendment, based on a letter of the Secretary of
the Treasury:
To leimbun-e the comm^Moner of customs for expenses
incurred and vjet\> performed m the on]lee! ion of nmiifn
du--' to the ("nited otates puor to the 1st ot Apul, thu
sum of
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I offer the following amend-
ment to be inserted as a new section:
jhxihe it further enr/<fcd. That the President of the United
Sfite< be, ami he i.-i beieb;. auiho.i/.ed to appoint or em-
pio\, m hi-- official hou^-f hold, the :• 'dor. ino: orheers, to wit:
One piuato rfcr-'tary. at an annual <=ilaiy of ^Sj.'OO ; one
elcnk of cla^s 3; one stcnwnd, at an annual salai> of $13i0,
who ^ha!l. under tbe dnection of the President, have charge
of and be ie-'pon<iblc for the plar^ and furniture of the Pus-
idenr  nnn-ion. end biial! di-oliasge fucii other dntie-- .is
the Pi evident may a^-^ign him , one messenger, at an annual
■■-ahuy ot £000 ; and one a—i-iaut inet«sen^er, at an annual
s<d.ir> ol'-. 7o.f; and - ueh <ui;i at- mav be nei < --ary to cany
into drV-et the piuM^ion, ot thu >-reUon to the.'i.Oii of T;'nc,
1o5S, i~ heie!)\ appiopii.itf d, out of any money m the Tiead-
u;y not urhcrwHO appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
