THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
        \    
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
New Series No. 68.
Thirty-Fourth Congress, 3d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 7, 1857.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I have another amend-
ment to offer, as an additional section:
For contingent expenses of the executive office, including
stationery therefor, to be expended under the direction of
the President, from the date of this act to the 30th of June,
1858, $750.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to have reconsidered
an amendment offered by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, giving $1,500 extra pay to the Commis-
sioner of Customs. I am afraid of that amend-
ment, and object to it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I think it is all right. The
Secretary of the Treasury informs me, and so
does the Commissioner, that he employed him-
self in order to collect these outstanding balances,
and he collected a large sum of money for the
Government,for which he ought to be paid. That
is what the Secretary of the Treasury says, and
I think the amendment is perfectly proper. It
only gives him $1,500 to employ a clerk of his
own.
Mr. HUNTER. I will except that amend-
ment, when the bill shall be reported to the Sen-
ate.
Mr. ALLEN. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Agriculture to offer an amendment to the
bill. I have a letter from the Commissioner of
Patents in regard to it, which may be read, if
desired:
For the collection of agricultural statistics for promoting
agriculture and rural economy, and llie procurement and
distribution of cuttings and seeds, ^75,000, to be expended
under the direction of the Commissioner of Patents.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose the Senate will
pass this amendment; it seems to be a favorite
appropriation with the two Houses; yet I believe
we are carrying much too far the collection of
eeeds for distribution. It is becoming a nuisance
to those who distribute them, and will be found
in the end to be an abuse. We already have a
man employed writing essays and treatises on
frasses, and sending about collecting sugar-cane.
t seems to be a matter of unlimited discretion.
There is no account of how the appropriation is
used. Whilst 1 say this, I do not wish to be un-
derstood as disparaging the Commissioner of
Patents. I believe he is an honest and able man;
but still this has been a favored appropriation
with Congress that needs regulation. We are
making appropriations for this object that are
quite too large. I understand, among other things,
that it is interfering with the seedsmen of the
country. They cannot compete with the Govern-
ment, if the Government give these things gratis.
I had a friend who applied to me for certain seeds
which were distributed, who had written to a
seedsman, and he said he was sorry to inform
him he did not keep them, because he could not
compete with the United States Government—
that was quite too strong for him.
Mr. ALLEN called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment; and they were ordered.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I wish to say
one word in favor of this amendment. We have
had a Committee on Agriculture—I do not know
how long—but ever since I have been a member
of the Senate, and this is the first recommendation
that I have ever known them to make—the first
dime I have ever known them to ask to be ex-
pended. The North and the South, the East and
the West, are engaged in endeavoring to improve
the agriculture of the country by the introduction
from foreign countries of the best seeds and plants.
I am sure, that while we are appropriating mil-
lions to trade and navigation, and millions for the
Army and Navy every year, we can well afford
the few thousands which this amendment asks
for agriculture.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. Considering
the vast—I will not say profligate—expenditures
for every other imaginable and conceivable thing
all along th£ sea-coast, and for railroads in the
States, I think my friend from Virginia is very
unreasonable in objecting to this appropriation.
The object of it is to obtain seeds that we want
of the best descriptions from all foreign countries.
68
The farmers need them. We all know that when
the potato was discovered in South America, it
was found with a hull on it as thick as a hickory
nut; but it has been improved by cultivation until
it has reached what it is. We know, too, that
the pippin, or queen apple, now comes from the
original crab apple. I recollect when the tomato
was looked 'on as a sort of Jerusalem cherry—a
kind of curiosity. These instances show the im-
portance of agriaultural experiments.
The farmers want these seeds. They do not
wish to be paying indirect taxes eternally on
broadcloths and all goods they wear and get
nothing in return from the Government. You
can spend millions on fortifications and light-
houses, and every other sort of tomfoolery that
is perpetrated under the Government, and yet
when the real bone and sinew of the country,
those who stand at its basis—the farmers—come
and ask for a small expenditure of $75,000 a
year, it is said that it is not right they should
have it. I do not know anything about the gen-
tleman's garden-seed merchant; but if the Gov-
ernment does break him down, the people get
their seeds cheaper. It is just as proper, just as
sensible, and just as prudent on the part of the
Government, as it is for us in Kentucky to send
to Smyrna and Arabia for horses, for jackasses,
and cattle, and everything of that sort.
I wish this appropriation were $575,000 instead
of $75,000. It will benefit my people. Your
Army, your Navy is no benefit to them. They
do not know actually that there is a Federal Gov-
ernment, except when they see asta,o;o coach pass
by with the " United States mail" on it, and when
they look at a post office. There are men of wealth
and fortune there who never saw a Federal sailor
<7r soldier. If we are to have a fight over this
appropriation, I want to have it put up largely
beyond its present amount. I do not wish to take
up time on this subject. I hope the amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. PUGH. I only wish to say one word.
At the last session, the House proposed to appro-
priate $25,000 for these agricultural purposes. It
came into the Senate, and a motion was made to
increase the appropriation to $75,000. We thought
that was a very large increase, and we wanted to
know the reason. We were told that the sugar
cane had been killed the previous year in Louis-
iana, and the Senate agreed to this extra $50,000
as a special occasion, for one year only, for sup-
plying sugar cane. We sent out ships, and they
brought sugarcane here, and nine tenths of it was
not fit for use when it got here. Now, the next
year, the appropriation comes still fixed at $75,000.
It is impossible to reduce these appropriations
when they once start.
If 1 thought the agricult ral interests of the
United States would be benefited by this appro-
priation, I would vote for it with pleasure; but I
submit that the idea of $75,000 being of any con-
sequence to the agricultural interest of all this
country, certainly borders on the ridiculous. Now
we have set up a seed store, and are gathering
and accumulating rats in the Department of the
Interior, and they begin to eat up the seeds there
during the winter. More than half the seeds that
I sent last summer never grew at all, so far as
1 could hear. In my judgment, this is a great
nuisance, and ought to be broken up completely
and effectually. The Patent Office is completely
overgrown. They report two years behind the
time. This distribution of seeds and cane should
be put a stop to; and we should come back to the
original design of the Government. If seeds are
wanted to promote agriculture, let them buy them.
Mr. ALLEN". I propose to reduce theappro-
priation $15,000 for the importation of sugar cane.
That will leave the amount $60,000. The sugar
cane will not be imported this year.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mallory
in the chair.) That amendment will be made
by general consent. The Secretary will read the
letter of the Commissioner, if any Senator wishes
it.
Mr. HUNTER. Nobody desires to-hear it
read. The Senator from Rhode Island has re-
duced the appropriation, although it is hardly
worth while to do so. I renew the call for the
yeas and nays. I agree with the gentleman from
Ohio, that this distribution of seeds has almost
run into licentiousness. To what extent it is to
go I am sure I cannot tell. It began very prop-
erly, with directions to our officers and agents
abroad, that when they found seeds not belong-
ing to our country, and which could be advanta-
geously grown here, to send them here; but now
one department of the Patent Office has really
become a grand seed store for the purpose of dis-
tributing seeds that are bought in every country
store and cross-road in my country, and every-
where else. The most ordinary vegetable—the
common culinary vegetables, are sent to us in
paper packages to be sent through the country. I
cannot conceive of anything more prone to almost
licentious appropriation than this. I hope the
appropriation may be reduced, if it cannot be
voted down.
Mr. RUSK. This is a very small annual ex-
penditure, and I believe that it has a more bene-
ficial influence upon the prosperity of the country
generally, and upon that class of the community
particularly, who have never received any foster-
ing care from the Government, than any other
expenditure of five times the amount. It is true
that ordinary seeds are collected at the Patent
Office, and distributed all over the country, and
it may, perhaps, be breaking in upon some seed
store that may be making large profits by selling
seeds of very little benefit in themselves. We
now have seeds of all descriptions, and especially
new seeds; and it is not to be disguised that there
are various new articles of production, some of
which promise to result beneficially to the coun-
try, and many of them thaAave resulted bene-
ficially, that have been collected and distributed
through the Patent Office. More interest is taken
among the planters and farmers throughout the
country in this little pitiable appropriation for the
purchase of common and good seeds for distribu-
tion to them, than in any other appropriation. I
do not know of any appropriation of five or ten
times the amount of this one that produces such
general benefit to the country, and I trust it will
be continued.
Mr. BUTLER. I have always been opposed
to the publication of what is called the Patent
Office report. I do riot think there is any author-
ity in Congress to issue such a report upon agri-
culture and mechanics; but that has passed into
an abuse far beyond anything I could have anti-
cipated when I first came into Congress. As to
collecting these seeds, if they were collected in
good faith from abroad, and such varieties as would
in some measure make an experiment, 1 might
agree to it; but I believe the seeds are collected
here in this neighborhood, or not far from it.
When I go home, my lady neighbors ridicule me
on account of the seeds that I send them. They
say that their beans are better than mine. The
only persons who give me any thanks are the
ladies for flower seeds; but they say they are not
as good as the native plants. I do not care about
expending the public money; but if I were a large
proprietor, I ought to hold myself responsible for
the judicious expenditure of it. I consider this
about the worst and most foolish mode of expend-
ing it, and I shall not vote for it.
The Secretary read the following letter:
United States Patent Office,
February 23,1857.
Sir : T havo the honor to acfcnowiedgp the receipt of yours
of the 21st instant, asking the amount I may deem neces-
sary to be appropriated for agrieuituial purposes at the
present session of Congress, and in reply thereto havo to
St That of the appropriation of $75,000, made in 1856, there
is now remaining but little more than ij£20,000, which will
probably all be exhausted by the end of the pi esent fiscal
year if anything in the way of agriculture is to be at-
tempted hereafter, a further appropriation will be neces-
h*2s to the amount of that ajffc>priation, I should suppose
the same sum that was appropriated last year might be used
with advantage this year, for the same general purpose^
There will be some difference in matters of detail, but
