1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
nothing very essentially different in substance i3 now con-
MvE^y TEiy,proteblybe"" CHAM.BS MASON.
Hon. D. r. Hollo way.
Mr. HOUSTON. I regret extremely to say
anything at this stage of the business of the Sen-
ate, but so far as I can express myself, my objcct
is to sustain this amendmen t. My colleague very
aptly remarked that he believed, as I believe, that
the sum appropriated for seeds is the most bene-
ficially expended money that is expended by this
Government. No longer ago than this morning
I have received three letters thanking me for
seeds that I had distributed in the country, and
of other persons requesting that they might be
furnished with them.
As for the Patent Office report, I know it is the
most popular work that has ever been distributed
by Congress; and whether it is an abuse, or
•whether it is that it has grown into custom, it is
certainly sanctified by experience. I shall vote
for the continuance of that work for the purpose
of improving agriculture and benefiting the coun-
try at large. I shall do so from the number of
applications that 1 have received throughout the
States. If the gentleman from South Carolina has
not received a corresponding expression to the
interest he took in the welfare of his constituents
in distributing seeds, and if they have not been
sufficientlygrateful, or have not kindly responded
thanks for them, it is no reason, bccause the seeds
were not acceptablc in South Carolina, that they
would not be acceptable in other sections of the
country, even if they were distributed by himself.
I therefore insist that this amendment should be
adopted as a matter of justice to the community—
one gratifying to them, and highly beneficial to
culinary and agricultural purposes.
I know that "for the single article of the Chinese
sugar cane 1 must have received twenty or thirty
applications, in addition to the one hundred I
have supplied throughout the country, and Is have
210 doubt my colleague has received a correspond-
ing number. "Whether we are disposed to appro-
priate for purposes that I deem useful, or not,
depends upon the pleasure of the Senate. For
my own part, I shall urge it; and while I occupy
a place in this Senate, I shall advocate the publi-
cation of the Patent Office report, as well as the
acquisition and distribution of seeds, and the vari-
ous plants and cuttings that are necessary for
the improvement of fruits and culinary vegeta-
bles.
I will not occupy the time of the Senate longer.
I have only risen for the purpose of expressing
my desire that an appropriation so useful to the-
community should be continued or extended to
a much greater length than it has yet been.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding:
To enable the Commissioner of Patents to collect and
report information in lelation to the consumption of cotton
in the several countries of the world, $'3,50U.
At the last session of Congress, the Senate
passed a joint resolution for this purpose, which
failed m the House of Representatives for want
of time. It was based upon a recommendation
of the Legislature of the Stale of Mississippi.
The Commissioner of Patents has been unable to
do anything in regard to it, and asks for a small
appropriation to enable him to carry out the ob-
jects of the resolution.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mal-
lory.) The question now is on the amendment
as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 39, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Bell of New Hampshire,
Benjamin, Biglcr. Blight, Brodhead, Brown, Coliamer,
Crittenden, Dodge, Dousjla-, Durkce, Evan«, Fish, Fitch,
I'ltzpatrek, Fo>ter, Gever, Gieen. Gwin. Harlan, Houston,
James, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Nourse,'Piatt, Reid, Rusk,
Sebastian, Sewaid, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of
NewJersey,Trumbull, Wade, Wejler, Wilson, and Wright
—39
NAVS—Mow.n Adams, Butlet, Clay, Ilunter, Iverson,
john&on, Mason, Pugh, tfhdell, Toombs, and Yuiee—11.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, [Mr. Brown,]
who has the floor, ha&amfortunately got a very
>.sW'mc to offer the a mend-
bad cold, and reque.
merits of that committee in his stead
1 hope a
number of them will pass without discussion, r
Tlie first amendment is: !
For the total cost of a new basin to the Che^apenke and j
Ohio canal at its terminus m Georgetown, §31,6.>9 10 u |
hereby appropriated: Provided, That the said woik shall j
; he done accoiding to the plans and estimates submitted in !
1 the repoit of Lieutenant B. S. Alexander to the Secretary j
I of War, dated Pebiuary 13, 1855, and the estimate m the ■
i mport of Captam H. G. Wright, acting chief engineer to the ,
t War Department, dated July 3,185G; and the said appro- j
! priation shall be expended tinder the direction of the Sec- <t
! retaiy of War. j
j Mr. HUNTER. I do not see what we have j
' to do with making a basin for the Chesapeake
. and Ohio canal. That belongs to a company,
j Mr. PRATT. My friend is unfortunate not
i to sec whatthe Department does see very plainly.
They say that this basin is necessary for five
reasons:
11 h The general inland trade of the country, which this
canal is so well adapted to develop and to promote.
"2. The extensive interest of the Umtsd States as a
stockholder of the canal.
" 3. The extensive interest of the United States as a lot-
holder in the city of Washington.
"4. The important national considerations involved in
a canal connection with the arsenal at Washington, the
armory at Harper's Ferry, and the coal and iron region of
the Alleghany.
" 5. The important national considerations, fcimilarly in-
volved, in reference to the navy-yard at Washington.'5
That is the statement of Colonel Abeit. This
is taken from a report made by Mr. Shields, from
the Committee on the District of Columbia, in
which he gives the reasons assigned by the War
Department for this work. Some two years ago
Congress passed a resolution appropriating the
sum of $3,000 for the purpose of making a survey
in reference to this basin. That survey has been
made. I have it here, and they have now made
| the estimate of §31,000, which is contained m the
amendment. I hope it will pass. I do not want
to enter into a discussion of it, but I can say it is
an obligation on the part of the Government due
to the State which I have the honor to represent,
! to aid in some degree in relieving this work from
' its present position. I shall not enter into a dis-
: cussion of the amendment, but hope it will be
I passed.
j The PRESIDENT^™ tempore put the question,
j and declared that the ayes seemed to have it.
j Mr. HUNTER. I call for a division.
; Mr. PRATT. I think we had better have the
i yeas and nays. Senators are not listening to
I what is going on.
■ The yeas and nays were ordered.
| Mr. PRATT. May I ask the attention of
j members of the Senate for a single instant ?
| Mr. SEWARD. I wish to know whether this
j recommendation comes from any, and if any,
j what committee?
j Mr. PRATT. It comes from the Committee
1 on the District of Columbia, and is based on the
: estimate of the War Department.
; Mr. SEWARD. That is sufficient,
t Mr. PRATT. I wish to state to the Senate—
i I will not occupy five minutes—that many years
! ago this company was chartered by the Federal
i Government, Virginia, and Maryland. They
j entered at that time, under the recommendation
' of Mr. Calhoun, into the experiment of making
' this Chesapeake arid Ohio canal. The State of
| Maryland expended $15,000,000 in the prosecu-
I tion of this work, having been left by Virginia
I and the Federal Government in the lurch, after
j it had been commenced.
! Now, sir, so far as the termination of this work
j in the District of Columbia is concerned, it has
| cost more to bring the canal down to your navy-
! yard here through the District of Columbia, than
, the entiie appiopriation upon the part of the
j federal Government to it. I think, therefore, as
[ this work was originally commenced under the
! auspices of this Government, and inasmuch as
I Maryland did not choose to enter into it because
of the charter of Congress to it, and an appro-
I priation made by them to it, it is now due to
1 Maryland and Virginia that the Federal Govern-
! ment should lend its aid in putting this work
: within its own jurisdiction, necessary for its own
i convenience, in proper repair. I hope the Senate
| will agave to the amendment.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The honorable Senator
from Maryland states that the War Department
recommends this appropriation, and then reads
a communication from Colonel Abert. Colonel
Ahert does not represent the War Department.
That recommendation has never been signed by
any Secretary of War; and this apprppriation
has never been recommended by any Secretary
of War, and it never will be. I take it for granted
that no Secretary of War would put his name to
any such reasons as those which have been read
by the Senator from Maryland. The argument
is', that bccause the Government of the United
States have sunk $4,000,000 or $5,000,000 of
money in this canal, therefore we must go fur-
ther, without receiving any compensation in the
shape of a dividend, and erect this basin m George-
town to the detriment of the commerce of Wash-
ington. The other reasons are not sufficient to
need an answer.
Mr. PRATT. The Senator says no Secretary
of War would put his name to such reasons as
are assigned here. Now I apprehend there is no
Secretary of War who is fit for his place who
would not do it. What are they? It tells you, what
you of course know, that you have a national
armory at Harper's Ferry; and the only means
of getting convenient communication with that
armory is by this canal. You have also an
arsenal and navy-yard at Washington; and the
only way in which you can get coal, and the
means of working the iron which you work up
in that arsenal, is by this canal. That is one
reason assigned. Would not a Secretary of War
who had proper judgment sign such a reason as
that? I do not see that any of the reasons which
are assigned contain anything which any Secre-
tary of War might deem injudicious. I hope that
the vote will be taken.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Bell of Tennessee, Benjamin,
Bright, Dodge, Pratt, Pugh, Seward, and Wright—9.
j NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bell of New Hampshire, Bigler,
j Brodhead, Butler, Clay, Coliamer, Crittenden,Evans, Fish,
. Fitch, Fitzpatnck, Foster, Green, Gwin, Harlan,Houston,
i Hunter, Iverson, Johnson, Jones of Iowa, Mallory, Ma^on,
] Noursc, Reid, Rusk, Sebastian, Shdeli, Thomson of New
; Jersey, Toombs, Toucey, Trumbull, Wade, and Weller—
33.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The next amendment of the
Committee on the District of Columbia is to in-
, sert at the end of the bill:
. That there be allowed and paid to the mechanics em-
, ploved in the armory and headquaner? of the Marine Corps
at Washington, District of Cohnrbia. the '•n.me Kite of com-
pensation now by law paid to mechanic^ similarly employed
m the navy-yaufm saidDistnct; and a sufficient sum'for
that purpose be. and the same is hereby, appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The next amendment of the
Committee on the District of Columbiais to come
; inaftei line two hundred and twenty-nine, and is:
i For compensation to a chaplain to the city prison in the
District of Columbia, to be appointed by the President of
the United States, the sum of >"500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The next amendment of the
committee is after line two hundred and thirty-
■ eight to insert:
For the erection of a new jail on the plan reported by
Edward Cla:k, architect, to he located at or near th^ peni-
| tentiary of the District of Columbia, the turn of $150,000.
I The amendment was agreed to.
| Mr. PRATT. The next amendment of the
| committee is to insert after line two hundred and
; sixty-three:
I For erecting cast-iron lamp-po^, and lighting the same
| with gas, from the western teiininus of Pennsylvania
i nue. through Bridge and Ihgli struts. Georgetown, :
1 Provuled, The cost of the same shall not exc^d the priee
i of those now m use by the Government on Pennsylvania
avenue.
I Mr. HUNTER. What streets are those to be
! lighted?
I Mr. PRATT. Bridge and High streets in
Georgetown, the first of which is the continuation
! of Pennsylvania avenue.
| Mr. HUNTER. I think we take enough upon
! ourselves when we agree to light the avenue. I
I believe we do not light any street or avenue but
- Pennsylvania avenue here at the public expense,
i Mr. PRATT. This appropriation was passed
j last year by the Senate by a very laige vote, and
j after a discussion. I hope that another discus-
sion will not be insisted on by my friend, the
j chairman of the Committee on Finance.
| Mr. HUNTER. I want a vote on it—not to
[ discuss it.
I The amendment was agreed to.
