1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1077
Mr. PRATT. The next amendment is:
For inclosing with an iron railing, and improving the tri-
angular space on Pennsylvania avenue between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth streets, and the space on the south side of
tlie avenue between Twentieth and Twenty-First streets,
"the sum of $16,229 01.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The ne&t amendment of the
committee is:
For furnishing lamp-posts and lamps on the north, east,
and west side of Lafayette Square, and for taking up and
laying dovrti the footway on said square, and underdraining
the same, $15,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The next amendment is:
For providing additional accommodations for the United
States courts in the District of Columbia, on the plan sub-
mitted by E. Clark, architect, the sum of $30,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. The next amendment is:
For inclosing Franklin Square with a substantial wooden
fence, and painting the same, the sum of $5,352.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I have another amendment to
offer:
For completing the grading and graveling New Jersey
avenue from north D street to New York avenue, the sum
of $7,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I have one more amendment
to offer:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for
the Secretary ofthe Interior, in executing the improvements
around the Capitol ordered in this or in any other act, to sell
either the railing, coping, or rubble stone now in use on the
Capitol grounds, but shall, when they are superseded, use
so much thereof as maybe necessary in inclosing Judiciary
Square, and the remainder shall be used m inclosing such
public grounds as the President may direct.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have an amendment to
offer, at the request of the President of the Senate,
■who was directed to offer it by the Committee on
the District of Columbia:
For repairs ofthe Long Bridge over the Potomac river at
Washington, in addition to the balance remaining unex-
pended of the appropriation for the like purpose at the last
Session, the sum of $10,961 26.
Mr. PRATT. I offer as a substitute for that
amendment the following:
For the establishment of a steam ferry, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, over the Potomac at
the site of the Long Bridge, according to estimates furnished
by the Commissioner of Public Buildings and Grounds, the
sum of §63,000.
Mr. HUNTER. I suspect that I shall be in
favor of that amendment, but I hope it will be
offered separately, so that this amendment for the
repair of the bridge may be distinctly voted on.
Mr. PRATT. The proposition for the repair
ofthe bridge has been voted down fifty times over.
Mr. HUNTER. Then it will be voted down
again, I suppose, but let us have a vote on it. I
prefer the bridge to this steam ferry, but if I can-
not get the bridge, I will go for that.
Mr. PRATT. There is this difficulty: I am
not authorized by any committee to offer this
amendment, but I can, as an individual Senator,
offer it as a substitute.
Mr. HUNTER. But the committee will au^
thonze it to be offered if this proposition be voted
down.
Mr. PRATT. I do not know that they will;
but I withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for-the yeas and
nays on the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia- , j , •
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 35; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell of Tennessee, Biggs, Green,
Harlan. Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Mason, Pearce, Ileid,
Busk, and Sebastian—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler,
Bright, Brodhead, Brown, Butler, Clay, Coilamer, Douglas,
Durkee, Evans, Fesaenden, Fish, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Fos-
ter, Cever, Hale, James, Jones of Iowa, Jones of Tennes-
see, No'urse, Piatt, Pugh, Seward, Slidell, Toombs, Toucey,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—3o.
So the amendment was rejected.
- Mr. BENJAMIN. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce to offer amendments
for appropriations for custom-houses and other
public buildings throughout the United States.
The first amendment is:
For completing the custom-house at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, $40,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next amendment is:
. For completing the custom-house at Belfast; Maine, and
for furnishing the same, $3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next amendment is:
For.completing the custom-house at Bath, Maine, $3,500.
Mr. NOURSE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by, adding an appropriation of $8,000 for
furnishing the custom-house and post office. I
wish to state that there was, by accident, an
omission on the part of the superintendent to get
the necessary information in the hands of the
Secretary of the Treasury, so that it was not
recommended by him as it should have been.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment does not come from any com-
mittee.
Mr. NOURSE. I propose it as an amendment
to an amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is a proposition for a
new appropriation not recommended by any com-
mittee, and it is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Maine is not in order.
The question is on the amendment of the Senator
from Louisiana.
Mr. HUNTER. There was an amendment
offered by the Committee on Finance for Belfast,
Maine, which was adopted this morning.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next amendment of
the Committee on Commerce is:
For enlarging the custom-house and post office at Spring-
field, Illinois, $50,000, with ten per cent, for contingencies.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next is:
For fencing and grading the site of the custom-house at
Balli, Maine, §16,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next amendment is:
For enlarging the custom-house at Ogdensburg, New
York, and providing for the uses of the United States courts,
•and other Federal offices, $50,000, with ten per cent, on the
same for contingencies.
Mr. HUNTER. I suppose these amendments
are all founded on estimates from the Depart-
ment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. They are all from the
Department.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next amendment is:
For the construction of a custom-house, post office, court-
rooms, and other United States offices, at St. Paul, Minne-
sota Territory, §100,000, with ton per cent, additional for
contingencies, exclusive of the cost of site.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there an-y limitation in
that amendment? These appropriations gener-
ally contain a limitation as to the size of new
custom-houses, and the materials of which they
shall be built.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will read to the Senator
the letter ofthe Secretary of the Treasury:
"In reply, I have to say that, m consequence of its great
importance as a public depository, I should recomincnd the
erection of a fire-proof building of stone for a public depos-
itor, custom-house, post office, eourt-rooms, and other
United States offices, sixty feet by ninety feet, and fifty-six
feet high from the top of the underpinning to the eaves; 
* * * a for which there would be required an appro-
priation of $100,000, and ten per cent, additional for con-
tingencies, exclusive of the cost of site."
Mr. HUNTER. Is there any restriction that
it shall not exceed that? It has been customary
to put in a restriction.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Vir-
ginia is aware that for the last two years the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has divided these public
buildings into different classes, and has had esti-
mates of the cost of each class, and this is a build-
ing of the class^ that costs #100,000. There is
no risk of its going beyond that amount.
Mr. HUNTER. I have good information that
the gentleman is mistaken, and that a limitation
has been put in for the last two years. I sug-
gest that we ought to have one proviso applicable
to them all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Very well; that can be
done afterwards.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next amendment of
the committee is:
For enlarging the building foracastom-house, post office,
and court-room at Buffalo, New York, fl31,000, including
the ten percent, for incidentals 5 and for the like purpose
at Chicago, Illinois, $200,000, with the ten per cent, for
incidental expenses.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this an alteration of the
plan, oris it to add another Story to the build-
ing?
Mr. BENJAMIN". It is to increase the size
of the building. The Secretary of the Treasury
says the building already authorized is entirely
inadequate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. The Postmaster General
has ascertained at those places, and reported to
the Treasury Department, that the building would
be insufficient and useless as a post office unless
this enlargement took place; and hence the De-*
part'ment recommended it. Otherwise they can-
not do the business to be performed at those
places.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have a further amend-
ment to offer from the Committee on Commerce:
For the construction of a custom-house, United Stated
court-rooms, and post office, at Cairo, Illinois, $50,000.
Mr. HUNTER. What are the collections at
Cairo ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The object of the amend-
ment is not so much for the construction of a
custom-house—a single room is all that is neces-
sary for that purpose—but Cairo is the great dis-
tributing point for the mail. Some four hundred
mail bags per diem are distributed at that point,.
and there is no place for their protection or
security. This building is required for the post
office.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Thisis the great-
est humbug that has ever been talked of. Here
is a proposition to appropriate $50,000 for the
erection of a building at Cairo. I would not give
that amount for all Cairo. The whole mail there
is contained in an office not twenty feet square,
and no complaint is made about its being inade-
quate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is a wooden warehouse,
and in it four hundred mail bags are deposited
daily.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Government
is not bound to put them in wooden buildings.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall vote this
amendment down.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 hope if my friend from
Virginia must vote any amendments down he
will not begin with the amendment for Cairo, and
I will give the reason: the great southwestern
mails that pass over the Illinois Central railroad
come to Cairo in order to exchange the route. I am
informed by the Postmaster General, that there
are deposited there four hundred mail bags a day,
amounting from one thousand to one thousand
one hundred bushels of mail-matter each day.
Several clerks are employed there all the time in
the distribution of that mail. They have no place
at Cairo for a post office except the warehouse
that is spoken of. Although there is this amount
of distribution matter, the proceeds of delivery at
that point are not sufficient to pay the rent of a
building. Under the law as it now stands, you
are not at liberty to rent a building that will cost
beyond the proceeds of the office. Here is one
of the largest offices, so far as distribution is
concerned, in the western country. This appro-
priation has been twice recommended to Congress
by the Postmaster General. He has recommended
it during the first part of the session, and has re-
newed it again as a matter absolutely essential to
the great southwestern mail.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I should like to inquire
of my friend from Illinois, whether the site of
this city of Cairo has been changed recently ? At
what point does the Illinois Central railroad come
to the river? Is it at that place ?
Mr. DOUGLAS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRODHEAD. That is often five feet
under water.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. I want to inquire
of the Senator from Illinois, whether there is not
a town growing up rapidly a few miles above
Cairo, on the Illinois side, that in all probability-
will supersede Cairo a3 a commercial place of
deposit; or of trade of any description, and
whether or not there is not a large capital invested
and most extraordinary improvements going on
at the first point of land on the bank of the Ohio
just above high water-mark, and whether Cairo
is not liable in large freshets to be overflowed?
