1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
for the custom-house ? Does he apply that rule
elsewhere, and in his own State ? A bill was
passed to erect a building for a court-room, cus-
tom-house, and post office, at Burlington, Ver-
mont 
Mr. COLLAMER. There was nothing in that
bill for a court-house at all.
Mr. DOUGLAS. So much the worse. Then
it was only for the accommodation of the custom-
house and post office. Was not the accommoda-
tion of the post office the chief object there ? Is
not one room sufficient to do all the business for
the custom-house at that place ? I will test it.
If there have not been more duties collected at
Cairo within the last twelve months than there
have been collected at the custom-housein Burling-
ton, Vermont, in fifty years, I will not ask any
appropriation for a building, so far as the custom-
house is concerned. If Cairo does not beat Bur-
lington on that point alone five to one within the
last year, I will forfeit all claim to the appropria-
tion; and yet the accommodation of the custom-
house is the least part of the necessity for a build-
ing at Cairo. The chief point is to accommodate
the post office. I ask if the chief object in con-
structing a building in the Senator's own town,
and also m Rutland, Vermont, was not the accom-
modation of the post office ? The mail matter at
Cairo every day amounts to more than all the
mail matter in all the places in Vermont at which
appropriations have been made for erecting build-
ings. The custom-house there pays five to one
more than the custom-house at Burlington. The
post office pays more than five to one to any post
office in Vermont; and yet the Senator wishes to
make an exception of this little town of Cairo.
It is a town containing more population than any
town in which there is a post office in Vermont.
Hence, I do not like to see an assault on an ap-
propriation for a building in my own State which
stands on higher ground of necessity than almost
any appropriations you have made for the con-
struction of such buildings in Vermont.
I could go through the whole list of almost all
the appropriations that have been made for the
construction of buildings for custom-houses and
post offices, and I could show that the accommo-
dation of the post office is the chief object in
each. That is the chief object at Buffalo, where
we have been compelled to enlarge the building.
It was large enough for a custom-house. Very
little was required for that; but we had to enlarge
it for the accommodation of the post office. That
is the necessity for enlarging the building at Chi-
cago. One fourth of the building would have
accommodated the custom-house and court-house,
but it had to be enlarged to accommodate the post
office. The post office gives character to all these
buildings. The necessity for a post office fixes
the sum to be appropriated for every one of these
buildings. The post office is the chief object out-
side of the large cities, and the custom-house and
court-house is but an incident. We may as well
meet this appropriation fairly. Why, sir, there
would not be any excuse for one tenth of these
appropriations, except to accommodate the busi-
ness of the post office. Generally, when you are
making appropriations for custom-houses, the
duties collected at them are not enough to pay for
the building. In some places, the duties collected
in twenty-five years would not be sufficient to
pay for the building. The post office is the chief
point.
But I do not wish to occupy time. This amend-
ment has been offered in good faith. There is a
stern necessity in the condition of Cairo for the
construction of this building; but if you wish to
turn these mails loose, and expose them to the
weather, and will not construct a building in
which to place them, be it so. I have discharged
my duty.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to put my
friend from Illinois right. He insists that Cairo
is a distributing office, and I insist that it is not.
I have a list, which has been made out at the Post
Office Department, of every distributing office in
the United States paying less than $2,000 annu-
ally, and of course Cairo, if it were a distributing
office at all, would be one of that class; but it is
not to be found in it. It is a separating office;
but it is not a distributing office. There is but one
mail that goes into the interior, and that is sep-
arated and placed in boxes at Cairo, and sent up
the Mississippi or the Ohio river.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Is that list certified ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Yes, sir. I ob-
tained it from the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Iverson.]
Mr. DOUGLAS. I want to know whether it
is certified. I was talking three days ago with
the Postmaster General about this very appropri-
ation. I wished to know from him whether, it
being a first-class distributing office, more money
coula not be appropriated to it. He told me he
would put it on the highest class of distribution
offices.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It is a separating
office.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Tennessee
obtained that list from me. It is merely a list of
the distributing offices of the United States where
less than $500 a quarter is collected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That is precisely
what I stated. Memphis is one and Indianapolis
another of those offices.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have another amendment
to offer. I shall have to ask Senators to exercise
a little patience, for I have two hours' work yet
from the Committee on Commerce. The next
amendment is:
For completing and fitting up the post office in the build-
ing elected for a custom-house and post office at Cincin-
nati, $4,338 90.
Mr. ADAMS. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment:
That from and immediately after the passage of this act,
it shall be the dojy of the Postmaster General to enter into
contracts with any individuals or companies who may pro-
pose to cairytlio United States mails upon any railroad now
finished, in whole or ill part, or hereafter to be eonstiueted,
not to exceed once daily each way for the term of eigtit
yeais; and tlMl anv individual or company so contiacting
and cnteimginto bond and good security, to ho appioved by
the Postmaster General and Secretary of the Treasury,
shall be entitled, in lull compensation for such service, to
import, without tho payment of any other duties, all the
iron necessary to be used in the construction, repair, oi le-
laymg of such railroad during tlie continuance of such con-
tract.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a question of
order, that the amendment is not germane to the
question before the Senate. _lt has not the remotest
connecti(fn with it. The amendment before the
Senate is for fitting up the post office at Cincin-
nati. The amendment offered by the Senator
from Mississippi to the amendment is in relation
to contracts for carrying the mails over the rail-
roads of the United States. I submit whether
that is in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will consider the amendment to the amendment
in order, as far as the question is here made, and
the Senate can judge of it. The Chair has some
doubt whether it is in order under the rules.
Mr. HUNTER. It is not in order, unless it
comes from a committee. •
Mr. ADAMS. It comes from the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I did not understand the
decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the amendment to the amendment to
be offered by direction of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and will therefore
consider it in order under the rule.
Mr. BENJAMIN. That was not the point I
made.
The PRESIDENT;>ro tempore. In regard to
the amendment not being germane to the subject-
matter of the amendment under consideration,
that is a question for the Senate to decide.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The appropriation pro-
posed by the Committee on Commerce was to fit
up a post office at Cincinnati. The amendment
offered to that amendment is to carry tile mail by
contract over the railroads of the United States.
Mr. HUNTER. According to parliamentary
rule questions of consistency are to be decided by
the body, and not by the President.
. The PRESIDEN Vpro tempore
understands it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the Senate decide the
question.
Mr. ADAMS. My friends wish me not to
offer my proposition as an amendment to this
amendment, but as a separate amendment. I
wish to say that I have been seeking, with a great
deal of interest, to obtain a vote in some shape
or form upon this subject.
The Chair so
I desire to say 
I am going to withdraw the-
Mr. BIGLER.
Mr. ADAMS.
amendment.
Mr. RUSK. The Senator from Pennsylvania
had better wait a while. Iron is a sore subject
to him.
Mr. BIGLER. Not in the least.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to state the reason why
I propose to withdraw the amendment, notwith-
standing my anxiety to obtain the sense of the
Senate upon the subject. I have been so unfor-
tunate as not to obtain a vote of the Senate on
this or any other measure which I thought im-
portant; but I yield to the appeal of my friends,
who think that if I were now to offer it to the
amendment of the Senator from Louisiana, it
would be trammeling other people's measures.
As this is my last day in the Senate, and it is the
only time that I shall ever have an opportunity
of even attempting to serve my country, T did
hope that I would have an opportunity of obtain-
ing the sense of the Senate upon a measure that
I knew to be important, and which involves a
subject of interest to the great mass of people
throughout the whole length and breadth of the
country; but whenever I propose it objection is
made to its consideration. I withd raw the amend-
ment.
Mr. RUSK. I offer the following amendment
to the amendment:
For building a court house and post office at Kalcigh,
Noith Carolina, $50,000.
Foi building a court house and post office at Columbia,
South Caiolnia, $50,000.
For building a court-house and post office at Madison,
Wisconsin, $50,000.
For building a court-house and post office at Greenville,
South Carolina, $30,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that this amendment to the amend-
ment is offered by the direction of a committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I rise to a question of order.
These are all d'stmct propositions, making dis-
tinct appropriations, having no connection with
the one presented to the Senate from the Commit-
tee on Commerce. The Committee on Commerce
have notgot through with theiramendments. The
proposition is to amend an appropriation for the
post office at Cincinnati by a proposition making
appropriations for post offices at other places.
The Chair decided the day before yesterday, on
an appeal of the Senator from Georgia to the
Chair, that propositions which contained separate
and distinct appropriations could not be offered
as amendments to each other.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
considers that the question, whether the amend-
ment to the amendment is consistent with the
matter in the amendment, is to be left to the Sen-
ate. The Chair is not aware of having madeauy
decision on the point.
Mr. RUSK. These appropriations are equally-
meritorious with the one contained in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Georgia,
on an appropriation bill, the day before yesterday,
offered an amendment to increase the salary oe a
judge in California. An amendment was offered,
to theamendment to increase the salary of another
judge in California. The President decided that
the amendment to the amendment was out of
order, thatit was a distinct and independent prop-
osition, and that it must be put separately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair has
no recollection of such a decision. If the Sena-
tor states it correctly, the Chair presumes he was
in error.
Mr. FOOT. That decision was made by a
temporary occupant or locum tenens of the chair,
who, by your favor, sir, was myself. I still enter-
tain the opinion that I announcetf as Presiding
Officer for the time being1, that these are separate
and distinct propositions, independent in their
characters, and that each should be submitted to
the Senate on its own merits. I am in favor of
the proposition submitted by the honorable Sen-
ator from Tex&s.
Mr. RUSK. I hope the Senator from Louisiana
will withdraw his objection to my amendment. It
stands precisely on the same footing, and is equally
meritorious with the proposition he has offered.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was here waiting three
hours for the purpose of offering the amendments
of the Committee on Commerce. I have offered
a number of amendments, and have yet several
