1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
others to offer. The Senator has a right, from ]| we have gone far enough when we have erected
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, J them in Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and
to propose his amendments; but the proposition ;i Baltimore, and, perhaps, in New Orleans. In
now is to cut me off in the middle oi the business cities of that character, it may be cheaper to erect
of the Committee on Commerce by the business J buildings than to rent them. But, in regard to
of the Post Office Committee. The amendment : other cities, I think it is far better policy to rent
ottered by the Senator from Texas consists of a buildings, because this property in the hands of
half dozen propositions, oil which every Senator the United States will cost a great deal, while the
has a ngnt to demand a division. Xhe result of ^ same service could be subserved by simply rent-
it is, that his propositions are taken up in prefer- j! ing such accommodations as are wanted. But I
ence to those of the Committee on Commerce. I j[ know it is useless for me to say anything on the
cannot consent to such a course; and I do not j| question.
think it courteous to the Committee on Com- jj Mr. REID. So far as the building at Raleigh
mtrce. i. is concerned, I will state that North Carolina has
Mr. RUSK. I intended no discourtesy in offer-, | furnished to the Federal Government, from its
ing the amendment. My opinion is, that the vote i! foundation to the present time, a court-house
should be taken on all these propositions together. ;j without any charge. The post office at Raleigh
They would have been adopted in less time than || is a large and important distributing office,
the Senator has taken to object to them. p North Carolina has never asked the Federal Gov-
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does the President finally ;! eminent, until this time, to build a court-house,
dispose of the question of order? The Federal Government is as able to build a
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair court-house as the State of North Carolina; and
is of the opinion that the question, whether the '> as we have accommodated her so long, and the
amendment to the amendment is inconsistent with .; Treasury is now able to pay for such a building,
the subject-matter of the amendment, is not a i I think she ought to be put upon an equality with
question of order to^be submitted to the Chair. the other States, and that it is nothing but just
Mr. BENJAMIN. That is not the point of ' and fair that a building should be constructed
order. I raise this point of order—and it is im-: there for the use of the Government for the Fed-
portant that it should be decided-—that upon a ! eral courts.
proposition from a committee to make a specific Mr. BENJAMIN. I withdraw the amend-
appropriation for a specific purpose, it is not in j, ment. I believe that carries the amendment-to
order to offer amendments for other appropria- I! the amendment with it.
tions for other purposes; that these are distinct ■] Mr. REID. If it is adopted, the1 gentleman
propositions, to be decided separately upon their !; cannot withdraw it.
own merits. I say that the amendment to the !j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. :Jfo question
amendment is a distinct proposition—not an in- has been had upon it as yet. The amendment
consistent one. ' '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
decides the amendment to the amendment to be
in order.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will respectfully appeal
from the decision of the £ it air.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate
The decision of the Chair was sustained; there
being, on a division—ayes 17, noes 1G.
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senator from Texas
will withdraw the amendment to the amendment.
: is withdrawn.
| Mr. BENJAMIN. The next amendment of
| the Committee on Commerce is to insert at the
| end of the bill:
I Fertile construction of warehouses at the quarantine sta-
tion on tile Mississippi river, below New Orleans, £50,000:
I, Provided, That no partof said sum shall lie expended until
!l the State of Louisiana .hall pn--s a law ceding !Uii«dicuon
I over the site of such warcious" to tile United States, and
i shall Kraut to the United States the use of so much land as
' may be necessaiy for the eon^truettf/n of such warehouse,
with water front, and privilege of the wharf now built or
! hereafter to be built at said station. ^
! Mr. HUNTER. How many of these stations
I are there ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. This amendment is for the
these propositions for erecting buildings, nomi-
nally for this purpose, in almost every town m
the United States. I have been trying to resist
them for a long time, and found it perfectly vain.
I only wish to say, once for all, that this is nothing
but a general system of distributing the public
money by erecting buildings all over the country.
I find appropiiations for erecting buildings for
custom-houses, post offices, and court-houses at
places where it would obviously seem to be ab-
surd. They vary the words £{ custom-house,
post office, and court-house," according as diey
find excuses, in that way to get buildings erected
in towns where there is a demand for them. I
suppose there is no mode of resisting it until the
system breaks itself down. For one, I am not
disposed to vote for the erection of these build-
ings, except in the leading cities and centers of '
commerce. j
In regard to the erection of post offices, I think 't
Is it for one station?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Yes, sir; for one station
at the quarantine on the Mississippi.
The amendment was agreed to. '
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have a further amend-
ment to offer, from the Committee on Com-
merce:
For the continuation and completion of the custom-house,
post office, &c , at Dubuque, towa, with ten per
cent, for contingencies; and the Sccretaiy of the Treasury
is hereby authorized to take possession and pay for the land
and prosecute the work conditioned upon the city of Du-
buque entering into a bond m its corporate capacity, with
good and sufficient individual .security for twice the amount
of the appropriations, that the Legislature of Iowa will at
its next scs-ion p'iv- an act ceding exclusive jurisdiction
over the sire to the United States, and torever exempting
the property from all taxation.
Mr. HUNTER. Is this an addition to the
former appropriation, or an increase of it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. This is an additional ap-
propriation of $20,000, in order to complete the
building.
Mr. HUNTER. Is it to cost that much more
than estimated ?
Mr. BENJAMIN, Yes, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. What reason is given for the
increased estimate?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will read the letter of the
Secretary of the Treasury. He states that he
begs " respectfully to call the attention of the
committee to the fact that the act of appropriation
requires the building to he constructed of stone,
and the amount appropria ted, §88,000, is no larger,
and in some cases not as large, as appropriations
The amendment offered by the Committee on
Commerce is to pay for repairs, the accounts for
which have already been audited, and they are ,i establishment of a warehouse at the quarantine
only waiting for this appropriation to pay the ij station on the Mississippi, below New Orleans,
money. If the amendment offered to the amend- The act of 1793 made it the duty of the General
merit be attached to it, it will drag down my" Government to establish warehouses wherever
proposition, or the proposition of the State which . quarantines were established. Upon application
X have the honorin part to represent. His amend- 1 to the Secretary of the Treasury to establish a
ment contains a parcei of new appropriations 1 warehouse at this point, he said he had no appro-
■which wili defeat the proposition offered by the | priations for it; and wrote a letter asking an ap-
Committee on Commerce. I do not see the fair- '■ propriation of §50,000 to enable him to carry out
ness of such a proceeding. ' . the law.
Mr. RUSK. On the contrary, I believe my i Mr. HUNTER.
amendment will strengthen the amendment of-
fered by the Committee on Commerce. By pro-
viding for the erection of these buildings gener-
ally, rather than in paiticular localities, it will
obtain more friends for the oiigmai proposition.
Mr. PUGH. There is no question of locality
about the amendment offered by the Committee
on Commerce The work has been done, and the
question is whether the United States will pay
for it. If they do not choose to pay for it, it
makes no difference to me. . , ...  ,     
Mr. HUNTER. I know it is in vain to resist i S00'1 and sufficient individual .security for twice the amount t
for buildings of similar dimensions to be built of
brick, and is insufficient for constructing a stone
edifice of this kind. The law will therefore require
to be amended, so as to authorize its construction
of brick, or else an additional appropriation of
$20,000 will be necessary to enable the Depart-
ment to construct it in conformity with the law."
As the law directed its construction in stone,
we have moved this amendment to add §20,000
to the amount.
Mr. HUNTER. Can the Senator inform me
whether the Secretary commenced using the
money without knowing that it would be suffi-
cient ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state to the Senator
the condition of this custom-house exactly. The
Secretary of the Treasury has not begun the
building yet, because upon the acts, copies of
which have been furnished him from the State
of Iowa, the Attorney General is of opinion that
the cession of jurisdiction made by the Slate of
Iowa is not sufficiently explicit; but he has made
a purchase, and is apprehensive of losing the
chance of getting a proper location, which he has
already secured. He has therefore asked the
committee to recommend this additional appro-
priation, and that he be allowed to go on with
the work, taking bond that at its next session,
two years off', the Legislature will amend this
law so as to make the cession perfect.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator will excuse me
for asking questions, as I desire information, but
I want to see what the value of the restriction is.
Is this sum in addition to that already appro-
priated to finish the work, or is he to go on and
build, and then ask for more ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The amount he recom-
mends is the total amount for the entire building
on the estimates, with ten per cent, for contingen-
cies. In the last estimate given for this custom-
house, the appropriation was $80,000, which waa
sufficient, according to the Secretary's estimate,
for a brick building. Congress ordered it to be
ma.de of stone, and this additional £20,000 is re-
quired for that purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The next amendment of
the Committee on Commerce is to insert:
For completing the State-House at Santa F*,XewMej-
ico, .^OjOOO.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator allow me
to suggest an amendment on this subject ? Would
it not be well to introduce a section that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury shall not commence the
building until it is ascertained that it can be made
and completed within the estimate?
Mr. BENJAMIN. That has already been sug-
gested, and I will do so at the suggestion of the
Senator.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Did I understand the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer an amendment for
building a State-House at Santa Fe?
Mr. BENJAMIN. For completing it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I should like to hear it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the Secretary read the
amendment.
The Secretary again read it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I wish to make a statement
in regard to this subject, and in order to do so I
move a reconsideration of the vote by which it
was adopted. The Committee on Territories have
had that appropriation before them, and find this
to be the state of facts: When we captured that
country and took possession of it, there was what
was called the Governor's palace, winch held all
the public offices, and was the residence of the
Governor. The Delegate of the Territory got an
appropriation of $20,000 passed to repair the
public buildings there. We supposed that that
was to repair this old building. They then got
through, by good electioneering, an appropriation
of §50,000 to complete the buildings. When wo
came to ascertain the facts, we found that, instead
of repairing or completing the old building, they
had bought a new site, and wcie beginning aii ;w
palace on a magnificent scale. Hen: is an°appro-
priation now to appropriate *,<15,000 more to a^ain
complete this new building 'that they have com-
menced.
The Committee on Territories lindimr that that
system was being followed notonlym NewAlux-
ico, but in Kansas and Nebraska, had unani-
