1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
its consideration when the Senate reassembles,
and by that time Senators can look into the amend-
ment and understand it better.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken if there be no objection. The Chair
hears none.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill to increase the pay of
the cadets at the West Point Academy; that it
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 634) making appropriations
for fortifications and other works of defense, and
for repairs of barracks and quarters, for the year
ending June 30, 1858; that it receded from its
amendment to the bill (S. No. 586) to amend the
act " reducing the duty on imports and for other
purposes," passed July 30,1846; and that it had
passed the biil (S. No.592) for the relief of Jeffer-
son Wilson, administrator with the will annexed
of John P. Wray, deceased.
Also, that the House had passed the following
bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 412) for the relief of William
Burdell, Samuel Medary, and William P. Martin,
administrator of the estate of Edgar Gale, de-
C69.S6(1 *
A bill (H. R. No. $41) for the relief of George
Chorpenning, Jr.;
A bill (H. R. No. 751) for the relief of sick and
disabled seamen and boatmen; and
A bill (H. R. No. 854) for the relief of Emilie
R. Ilooe, of Prairie du Chien, Wisconsin.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Sidney Webster, his Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed the
following bills:
An act for the relief of Donn Piatt;
An act for the relief of Jedediah H. Lathrop
and sureties;
An act to establish an additional land district
in the State of Wisconsin; and
A joint resolution relative to sections sixteen
and thirty-six in the Territories of Minnesota,
Kansas, and Nebraska.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which had received the
signature of the Speaker of the House of Rep-
resentatives:
An act making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1858;
An act to amend an act granting alternate sec-
tions of the public land to the State of Alabama,
to aid in the construction of certain railroads in
eaid State;
An act for the relief of John Riley, an Indian
of the State of Michigan; and
A joint resolution for the relief of W. W.
Wimmer, postmaster of West Zanesville, Ohio.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cdllom, its Clerk, announced that the
House disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 633) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
1858, asked for a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses, and appointed Messrs.
T. S. Bocock, W. A. Howard, and J. S. T.
Stranahan conferees on its part.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate in-
sisted on its amendments, agreed to the confer-
ence asked for by the House of Representatives,
and appointed Mr. Mallory, Mr. Brodhead,
and Mr. Fitch conferees on its part.
ADAM D. STEUART.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 200) for the relief
of Adam D. Steuart with an amendment, strik-
ing out all after the word "of," and inserting:
<< §7,297 50, that being the difference between the
sum contracted to be paid to him and tha>£ which
he received."
Mr. PUGH. I hope the Senate will concur in
the amendment. It is to correct a blunder of my
own in drawing the Senate bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills of the House of Represent-
atives were read twice by their titles, and referred
as-indicated below:
A bill (No. 541) for the relief of George Chor-
penning, Jr.—to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
A bill (No. 741) for the relief of sick and dis-
abled seamen and boatmen—to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill (No. 853) to increase the pay of cadets
at the West Point Academy—to tne Committee
on Military Affairs.
The bill (H. R. No. 412) for the relief of
William Burdell, Samuel Medary, and William P.
Martin, administrator of the estate of Edgar
Gale, deceased, was read twice by its title.
Mr. BRODHEAD. Let the bill be put on its
passage at once.
Mr. PUGH. The question has been examined
by our Committee on Claims, and by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary of the House of Repre-
sentatives. The bill was passed in the other
House without opposition.
. Mr. GREEN. I object to considering this
bill out of its order. We ought to take an hour
to consider all the House private bills.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Pennsylvania,
who is chairman of the Committee on Claims,
has examined the question.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I believe the bill to be
right.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on taking up the bill.
Mr. PRATT. Does not one objection prevent
its consideration ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. A bill cannot be read
three times and passed in one day, against the
objection of a member.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to it. Why
should this bill have precedence over those which
we have had for three months ?
Mr. PUGH. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
EMILIE R. HOOE.
The bill (H. R. No. 854) for the relief of Emilie
R. Hooe, of Prairie du Chieu, Wisconsin, was
read twice by its title.
Mr. DODGE. I ask that the bill be acted on
at once. It is for the relief of a widow lady.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill, which proposes to release to the widow of
the late Alexander S. Hooe, a tract of land con-
taining about sixteen acres, which was conveyed
for a specific purpose, without consideration, by
Joseph Rolet, the father of Emilie R. Hooe, to
the United States, on the 19th of March, 1829, it
being no longer used or wanted by the Govern-
ment for the purpose for which it was conveyed.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
The hour of half past four having arrived, the
Senate took a recess until half past six o'clock,
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
TheSenate reassembled at half past six o'clock.
CAPTAIN FREDERICK STEELE.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to appeal to the Senate
to pass a small private biil that has already passed
the House of Representatives for the relief of
Captain Frederick Steele, an officer of the Army.
All the facts are very distinctly stated ill the re-
port, and I hope it will be passed now.
Mr. HUNTER. It can be done by general
consent.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up the bill, and dispose
o£ it now.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will state that the bill
has been unanimously reported back from the
Committee on Military Affairs.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as ift Committee of the Whole, to consider the bill
(H. R. No. 647) for the relief of Brevet Captain
Frederick Steele, United States Army.
In the settlement of his accounts, the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury are directed to
allow to his erffdit that b#ing the amoust
of Government money of which he was robbed
whilst he was acting assistant quartermaster and
commissary, near Stockton, in California, on the
4th of March, 1849.
The bill was reported to th'e Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read "the
third time, and passed.
JOHN DRAUT.
Mr. NOURSE. Iask the Senate to take up the
bill (H. R. No. 515) for the relief of John Draut.
It has been favorably reported on by the Com-
mittee on Pensions of the Senate, and I am sure
there will be no objection to it.
There beingnoobjection, theSenate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, to consider thei
bill. It directs that the name of John Draut, a
soldier of the thirty-fourth regiment of United
States infantry, in the war of 1812 with Great
Britain, be placed upon the pension roll, and that
he be allowed eight dollars per month, to com-
mence from the first day of the present Congress.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
WILLIAM BURDELL AND OTHERS.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 412) for the relief of William Bur-
dell, Samuel Medary, and William P. Martin,
administrator of the estate of Edgar Gale, de-
ceased, to report it without amendment." I ask
the Senate to consider and pass it at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded,
as in Committee of the Whole, ttf consider the bill.
It releases William Burdell and Samuel Medary,
and the estate of Edgar Gale, deceased, who was
co-surety with Burdell and Medary of John Tt
Arthur, in his official bond executed December 8,
1847, as assistant quartermaster of the Army of
the United States, from their liabilities on the
bond, and from any suits brought or judgment
obtained thereon against Burdell, Medary, and
William T. Martin, as administrator'of the estate
of Gale, all or any of them.
The hill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
DOLLY EMPSON.
Mr. CLAY. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 371) for the relief of Dolly Empson,
to report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. I ask that the bill bo put upon
its passage now. It is a pension bill for a very
poor woman.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 371) for the relief of
Dolly Empson.
It directs that the name of Dolly Empson, of
Tennessee, widow of Jacob Empson, deceased,
a private in the war of 1812, be placed on the
Eension roll; and that she be allowed and paid,
y the proper officer of the Government, such
pension as is now allowed by law to the widows
of soldiers who were killed in battle, or died in
the service of wounds received in battle, or of dis-
ease contracted in the service in the line of their
duty, or who died at any time after being dis-
charged of wounds received or of disease con-
tracted while in the service and in the line of
their duty; to commence on tile 1st of January,
1856.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
TARRANCE KIRBY.
Mr. BELL, of Tennessee. There is a short
bill on the Calendar for the relief of Tarrance
Kirby, similar to the one which has just been
passed, which I hope will now be taken up, and
acted upon. There can be no possible objection
to it.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider, as in Committee of the Whole, the
bill (H. R. No. 514) for the relief of Tarrance
Kirby.
It directs that the name of Tarrance Kirby, a
second sergeant in Captain Griffin's company,
fourteenth regiment of Kentucky militia, com-
manded by Colonel Parker, in the war of 1812
