1068
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
r
prise needs no each stimulant—that it is now in
advance of all other enterprises, and in advance of
all the world besides, and has no just claim to the
proposed boon.
We have been frequently told here that the
iron interest has become, to some extent, a pen-
sioned interest; but, sir, the tables which I nave
worked out, and have before me, show that more
than an acre and a quarter of land has been
donated to railroad companies and States for rail-
road purposes, for every dollar of duty which has
been paid into the Treasury on railroad iron up
to the present date. I will show you, sir, that
the lands "which have been given to aid in the
construction of railroads is worth more at a mod-
erate rate than all the duties on iron ever amounted
to; and yet we are asked to adopt a measure that
is to strike down an interest so vital and so pecu-
liarly adapted to our country. To this I cannot
silently submit, though it be midnight before the
adjournment.
This railroad iron interest, it i3 true, is new,
but it is a flourishing and prospering branch of
industry. Only four years ago it was scarcely
known to the statistics of the country. Now it
exceeds one half the whole consumption, and is
rapidly increasing.
But, Mr. President, I wish to be understood
at this point. Much as I am concerned for the
business of the country—anxious as I am to see
other measures adopted, I shall not yield this
floor until I am satisfied that this measure will be
rejected. Only last night, as you are aware, sir,
I assumed a grave responsibility, in order to do
what I thought would satisfy the feelings of the
entire country on this tariii question. I was
willing to yield much for stability and peace. I
felt required to recognize the interests and rights
and feelings of all sections of the country, and all ,
interests. But here is a proposition which would !
rostrate at once, and for years, an interest which
have the honor to represent; and unless the
authors of this proposition give me reason to
understand that it is not to pass this body, I shall
notdesistin the argument, and I shall continue to
occupy the floor. After what has occurred on the
tariff question, 1 cannot but regard the introduc-
tion of this proposition as a species of bad faith.
Mr. WILSON". Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. 1 do not suppose there is the
slightest chance of passing this amendment. The
Senator from Pennsylvania has got a capital
speech; we have heard a portion of it; but I hope
he will forego it, and consent to print it, and we
will vote this measure down by an overwhelming
majority.
Mr. BIGLER. I am very much indebted to the
SenatorfromMassachusetts; but! shall decide the
question of publishing my argument for myself".
1 may make that compromise with the Senate,
and publish my speech, if they would vote the
amendment down; but unless I can have that un-
derstanding I shall continue my remarks.
Mr. RUSK. Then I suppose that, if that com-
promise is to be made, it is to be understood that
the Senate is in the hands of the Senator from
Massachusetts. I do not think so; and I do not
intend to be bargained away in that manner.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Will the Senator
from Pennsylvania allow me a moment?
Mr. BIGLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I want to offer an
amendment to make the speech of my friend from
Pennsylvania fit the case. He is making a speech
against the reduction or the repeal of the duties
upon iron. The amendment of the Senator from
Mississippi does riot propose to do that.
Mr. BIGLER. I think I understand the prop-
osition as well as my friend from Tennessee
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Do you yield the
floor ?
Mr. BIGLER. I do, for an explanation, but j
not for a speech.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to offer an
amendment to the amendment to make the speech
of the Senator exactly in order.
Mr. BIGrLER. Then I insist that my friend
forbear until I have made my speech.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Very well; go on
with your speech.
Mr. BIGLER. If I could make a motion to
separate this proposition from the balamsa of the
bill, I would move to lay the amendment on the
table, and settle the question in that way.
Mr. WELLER. That motion would carry
the whole bill with it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suggest to my friend
from Pennsylvania that he allow us to vote on the
amendment in committee, and if the proposition
is likely to carry there, he can contest it when the
bill is reported to the Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope we shall hear the
speech.
Mr. BIGLER. I will forbear to make my
argument. I will do as I think best hereafter in
reference to its publication. If this amendment
shall be agreed to in Committee of the Whole,
„and the bill is reported to the Senate, I shall fol-
low up the discussion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I offer this
amendment m lieu of the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, to strike out all after the
word " that," and insert the following:
From and after the passage of this act no other duties or
charges shall be imposed on railroad iron in bars othei than
the custom-house fees and chargcs: Provided, That the
owneis, importers, or consignees of railroad iron m bars
shall, before such iron lie delivered, make oatli before the
collector of customs, at the port of entry or delivery where
such iron shall have been entered, that it was imported for
the purpose of being iked tor laying down the track of the
road, and that such iron shall not be used for any other pur-
pose.
Mr. ADAMS. I wish to make an appeal to
my friend from Tennessee not to offer that as an
amendment to my amendment. Let us have a
vote upon the original proposition, and then he
can offer this as a separate measure. I only wish
a test vote on my amendment unembarrassed by
any other.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no sort of
disposition to interfere with it. I am in favor of
the amendment of my friend from Mississippi, if
I cannot get anything better; but I think this is
a better proposition than the one offered by him.
The contest here for the last few days has been,
how to reduce the duties on imports, and deplete
the Treasury, and Congress has come to the con-
clusion to do it by making free goods. This
amendment makes railroad iron free. I do not be-
lieve there is in the United States an interest that
is so general, so universal, so beneficent. If you
make railroad iron free  
Mr. BRODHEAD. Irise toaquestionof order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Wait until I yield
the floor.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That makes no
difference.
Mr. BRODHEAD. My colleague was induced
to yield the floor, when discussing this great ques-
tion, at the instance of several gentlemen, the Sen-
ator from Tennessee among them, and he now
proceeds to make a speech himself.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did not induce
him to yield the floor, and I have a right to make
a speech if I choose. 1 understand my position
and my rights perfectly. He refused to yield
the floor to me. I do not want to detain the
Senate a moment; but I am not to be bullied or
bluffed off by this iron interest any further. We
have for years had this naked, isolated question,
whether duty should be imposed on railroad iron
or not, "discussed throughout the country; but
when we bring it here, the Senators from Penn-
sylvania—and none more than my friend him-
self, [Mr. Brodhead]—attempt to speak it out,
as he did at the last session.
I will not detain the Senate a moment. I wish
simply to have a vote upon the isolated proposi-
tion whether they will make railroad iron free or
not. If they will not do that, then I am in favor
of the amendment offered by my friend from Mis-
sissippi. I offer my amendment in lieu of the
one presented by him. If mine shall be killed,
then I am in favor of his amendment. I did not
induce the Senator from Pennsylvania to yield
the floor, because he refused to yield it to me. I
want a vole by the yeas and nays upon my amend-
ment, and the Senate can do as they please about
it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. The yeas and nays have
been ordered on the first amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ten-
nessee to the amendment, upon which tlis yeas
and nays have been demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RUSK. I shall vote against the amend-
ment to the amendment, because I do not think
there is any possible chance of carrying it. The
Senator from Mississippi, at a very early day,
brought forward his proposition, introduced it
into the Senate, and asked that it be printed. He
kept constantly giving notice that he would call
it up, and asking the attention of the Senate to
it. They have examined that proposition. I
would be willing to take the duties off railroad
iron, according to the proposition of my friend
from Tennessee; but I think it is due to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi—I believe it is due to the
subject, and to the great interest involved in thiff
subject, that the Senate should take a vote upon
his amendment, unembarrassed by any other.
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigj.er],
shows a great deal of sensitiveness upon this sub-
ject. He says, whenever he comes here, he is
surprised to find this proposition before the Senate.
He entered his protest against it from the com-
mittee; and gave, as I thought, some very strange
reasons for his opposition to it. In that protest
he told us what he could do. We have heard a
great deal of " what we will do," and " what we
can do." He could demonstrate it beyond all
doubt; and he has stated here to-night that he
could demonstrate a great many things, such as
that this proposition of the Senator from Missis-
sippi would give five times as much for the trans-
portation of mails as we are now paying. Well,
sir, it will take him a long time to made a demon-
stration of that description, whether in a short,
speech or in a long speech, in a spoken speech or
in a printed speech, in a speech delivered all night
or not.
Again, sir, he indulges in a sort of taunt to'the
Senate that he will not leave this floor until this
measure is voted down; and yet he proposes at
once to make a compromise with the Senator
from Massachusetts, who proposed to vote the
measure down by an " overwhelming majority;"
and if it was not voted down, the Senator front
Pennsylvania was still to stick to the floor until
he destroyed it!
Mr. BIGLER. I think it was on the sugges-
tion that the sense of the Senate could be decided
m Committee of the Whole, and that if the com-
mittee favored the proposition it would be debat-
able in the Senate, that I yielded the floor—not
in reference to anything else.
Mr. RUSK. I understand the threat to amount
to this: he was willing to let us test fjis question
in committee, and if the committee should vote
in favor of the amendment, that then he would
not leave this floor—which translated into Eng-
lish, means that he would defeat the appropria-
tion bills—until a majority of the Senate should
be willing to defeat the proposition. I do not
know that they are in favor of it. I cannot speak
for the majority of the Senate. When wo obtain
a vote on the yeas and nays on the amendment!
I shall be better able to determine thai, than I am
in advance. Then he make a threat to defeat the
appropriation bills. He speaks of the tariff act
just passed as being a sort of compromise. Sir,
I agreed to the report of the committee of confer-
ence on that bill with vast reluctance. That
compromise gave him twenty-four per cent, duty
on railroad iron.
In my judgment, this proposition is eminently
proper. This talk about our offering bribes or pre-
miums to railroad companies to consume foreign '
manufactures is " all in my eye, Betty Martin."
It is the money that this iron interest desire to
pocket. They have been in the habit of receiving
and pocketing it for years, and taking it out of
the pockets of the people of the frontier States—
States that are poor—States that are struggling
against money difficulties. There is no doubt that
they will yield it with vast reluctance. I have no
doubt they are willing to stop the appropriation
bills, involving all the consequences flowing from
such a course, rather than lose the advantage
^ which they have in levying contributions upon
' my constituents, and the constituents of the Sen-
ator from Mississippi.
The Senator from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] at an
early part of this session, attempted to take off a
bounty that was paid out of the Treasury into the
pockets of certain fishermen, but in vain. This
money, which is paid as duty, you do not take
out of the Treasury, but out of the pockets of the
people who use-the railroad iron. For every
