1090
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 8,
consumption of the country for two years or more
to come; that it will lead to wild experiments, if
not AyiuJo, in the introduction of British iron,
raid be accounted a commercial calamity inside of
eighteen months from its date.
Now, sir, before I proceed further in the ex-
amination of this bill, I wish to say a very few
words touching the general subject of the tariff,
and my own views on the question. I am anxious
to be correctly understood, as well by railroad
men as by the manufacturers of rail iron, and
especially by the advocates of a high tariff. It is
well known in my own State that I have never
been the advocate of a high or peculiarly protect-
ive tariff. My views have not been acceptable
to the tariff party in the State. I have advocated
a tariff for revenue only, aad so adjusted as to
bestow the largest share of what incidental aid
may justly result from it to home productions, to
such interests as are most national in their char-
acteristics, and are best suited to the capacities of
our country, and where the raw material for such
operation, like iron ore, is so abundant and so
widely scattered over our country as to give as-
surance that the home production, in the course
of time, will equal or exceed the home consump-
tion. Iron is eminently entitled to this classifi-
cation. The production of railroadiron isayoung,
now flourishing, and rapidly growing interest, al-
ready equaling one half the demands of the coun-
try, though scarcely worthy of note four years
since; but there can be no greater fallacy than
the attempt to cherish an interest or branch of in-
dustry not suited to our country's resources, our
climate, or the habits of the people, by virtue of
a taiiff; nothing can be moie futile or unjust.
What I shall contend for, and have contended
for, is, that This railroad iron interest, and the
iron interest generally, and all similar branches
of industry, shall continue to occupy their present
relative position to other interests in the scale of
dutjt s, and if the duties must be reduced, that it
shall be done in the same ratio. I shall not agree
that the iron interest, or any other, shall be spe-
cially oppressed. But let this suffice for the present.
Now, Sir, 1 wish to trace the provisions of this
bill a little fui tlier; and I must beg the attention
of the {Senate, for my object is to arrest this meas-
ure more than to speak to the country.
I allege,sir, that, under the proposed law, rail-
rood companies would receive a most exorbitant
compensation for transporting the mails; and if
nu other objection to ti^e bill could be found, it
should be rejected on this ground alone.
The total distance of mail transpoitation per
annum, by all modes, is put in the report of the
Postniash-r (Jenei al at 71,357,897 miles. By rail-
roads, at 2l,809,29G miles.
It alsu appeal's that there arc two hundred and
ninety-eight mail routes by railroad, on which the
compensation for mail transportation is as fol-
lows:, to wit:
On 91 routes it exceeds $150 per mile; on 69
routes it ranges from $100 to $150 per mile; on 50
routes it exceeds $50, and is under $100; on 85
routes it is under <50 per mile.
On 10 routes the service amounts to 18 trips
and upwards per week; on J2:2 routes, 1*2 to 14
trips per week; on 157 routes, from 6 to 7 times
per week. The average for single daily service
13 about j-50 per mile, as shown m table £ of that
r< port. By way of illustration let me submit an
abstract therefrom of the cost as to the State of
New Yoi k:
2fcw Y„,k. Xo'
per week,
Stinrrij* to Piormont   6
Now Voik lo Chatham Fuur
< "oincid  fi
Ww Vork to Greenport...6
iVovvburtr :c>Clte?tc!  b
I'!' ! t bu.^fo ('r.nndn lino... 6
'•J'-'i'jrtoO^denslmrg. 6
Kcn^ fl.uborlo IMcrpont
 6
R'U.n 'i to Uticfi   (>
Butiak/to Lovv;-ton 6
~Nn\v let us lookinto the rate of compensation ,
proporu.d m tins bill as compared with rates al- j
''ready presented: and with the view the better to
ilkustnle the results on tins point, I will present
its practical workings as to railroads, " hereafter
to be constructed,55 for it is for the benefit of such
that the bill is mainly intended.
The weight of iron for a single track and sidings
may be safely placed at one hundred tons per
Distances,
18 miles.
J 30$ "
101 «
19 "
23 "
119 "
1H «
11 «
29 «
Cost
per mile.
$42 8C
42 ^
49 00
42 8!)
42 86
•12 83
42 86
oO 00
50 00
mile. On all the railroads now in existence, it
exceeds ninety-one tons per mile; but experience
is demonstiating the economy and expediency of
heavy iron. The price of foreign iron imported
since 1840, has varied from $53 96 to $32, going
down one year, by an extraordinary fluctuation,
as low as §25 36, but standing steadily, during
the last three years, at $42 50, §38 60}and$39 70;
average, for the last three years, $40 25; and I
shall take that as the standard by which to make
my calculations:
Weight of iron for one milp..... .100 tons.
Cost of iron for one mile, at $40 $4,000
Amount of duty at 30 per cent  1,200
It thus appears that the compensation per mile
for eight years would be $1,200, or $150 per mile
annually; whilst the present rate, for single day
service, does not exceed an average of fifty dol-
lars per mile.
But this is not all. So soon as contracts are
made, under the proposed law, contractors can
import iron duty free, though not one mile of the
road be laid down. The compensation is thus
advanced for an indefinite period; and we must
add the interest on this advance in order to show
the total compensation. 1 assume that it is reason-
able to count the interest for four years—that this
advance will average that length of time at least:
Interest on $1,200 for four years at six per
cent.    $288
Making a total of... .$1,488, or ftlSG per annum.
Nor is this the entire picture. * This is the com-
pensation for a railroad of single track; but parties
contracting under this law would have the right
to import for a double track just as well as for
a single one. In such cases, the compensation
per mile, for eight years, would bo $2,£00, which,
added to the interest on the advance, would make
a total of $2,976 per inihA, or &372 per annum.
On the principles of this bill, to illustrate fur-
ther, the company owning the road from Corning
to Batavia, New York, being one hundred miles,
might receive annual compensation as a single-
track road $18,000 instead of its present pay of
$4,286; and as a double track, #37,200.
At this rate, single daily service over all the
railroads now employed in transporting the mails
would amount to the enormous sum of ^3,780,078;
and for twice a day, to $7,560,176; whilst the
whole expenditures of the Post Office Department
for A. D. 185G, amounted to hut $10,405,286, and
the compensation to railroads to §2,451,472.
And more still: the most of the railroads have
the right to lay any number of lateral roads from
five to eight miles long, and under this bill the
iron therefor would be imported free of duty.
What amount this would require no one can
foretell. In our anthracite coal region a railroad
becomes a hydra-headed monster. In the county
of Schuylkill, XVnnsylvania, through which but
two mam stems pass, not exceeding one hundred
and twenty miiesin length, on which the mails are
carried, there are more than seven hundred miles
of rails laid down and m use, mainly branch and
lateral roads. Suppose the proposed law had
been applicable to these two main stems, how
could the Postmaster General have determined
what amount of iron their respective owners had
a right to impoit' How could he decide as to
sidings, lateral and branch roads? The owners
would have shown that all were legitimate and
indispensable to the purposes of the main roads.
Under this law we should need a new officer of
the Government who might aptly be termed the
"national railroad superintendent."
The bill is also applicable to railroads now in
existence or partially constructed, and it is im-
possible to show what rate of compensation such
would receive. It might not be half, one third, or
one fifth of the compensation to roads hereafter to
; be constructed. It absolutely requires the Post-
| master General to make contracts, if made at all,
at very unequal rates for the same service. Take,
for instance, the railroad routes now in existence,
making an aggregate length of twenty thousand
three hundred and twenty-three miles, on which
the mails are now transported daily, Sundays
excepted, or oftener. They will all need iron for
repairs and relaying. The duration of English
iron on a fairly-worked road may be placed at ten
years, and American iron at eleven years; and the
compensation to such roads, under the pending
bill, would not be more than twenty per cent, of
that paid to new roads, unless, indeed, they
claimed the right to import for reconstruction,
which they might do. Here, again, difficulties
are found in the way of the administration of the
proposed law. Who is to determine the amount
of iron necessary for repairing and relaying? A
railroad company makes a contract with the Post-
master General under this law, and immediately
orders an importation of iron sufficient to relay
their entire road. The question is raised as to
the use of it by the Postmaster General. The
company claim that they intend to relay their
entire road during the eight years, and must have
the iron. Such roads would stand almost equal
with new roads. There is still another class of
-roads that could take advantage of this law—I
mean roads of single track, intended to become
double. For such, iron could be imported for a
second track. This would doubtless be followed
by an application from all other railroads for a
return of so much of the duties already paid as
would be necessary to place them on an equal
footing with new roads.
As I said at the commencement of my remarks,
this measure is calculated to lead to endless con-
fusion and complication and disputes in the Post
Office Department, if not to palpable frauds on
the Government.
As for the bonds proposed to be given for the
mail service, the proposition is hardly entitled to
respect. The Government has been taking such
bonds, and the parties forfeiting them, from the
beginning; but who ever heard of the collection
of a large bond on such contracts? It has been
well remarked that a bond to the Government for^
more than #50,000 is not worth the parchment on'
which it is written. The bonds provided for are
the delusive part of the scheme. They would be
ropes of sand. Let the Government fight rail-
road companies in courts, and, my word for it,
she will have the worst of it.
Mr. President, I have no patience with a prop-
osition so unwise and unjust. It is the wrong
way of doing a wrong thing. If the iron interest
must be oppressed or abandoned to aid railroad
corporations, let it be done openly and boldly.
Let it have, at least, the merit of an easy execu-
tion. Let it not be done in a mode so trouble-
some to all concerned. Why embarrass the Post
OtHco and Treasury Departments by special in-
roads upon a general system of business prac-
ticed in each ? If it be proper to refund the duties
already paid on railroad iron, or to remit them
hereafter, or to give railroad companies a credit
of five to eight years on the iron they import, let
it be done directly and expressly. Do not for
that reason complicate the transportation of the
mails. Do not on that account force the Postmas-
ter General to pay double as much as is just on
some roads, and deprive him of extending equal
benefits to others. If railroad enterprise be so
languid in this country that it must appeal to Con-
gress for special aid, let the burden fall equally
upon all. Iron is not the only article entering
into the consumption of railroads. The i*on is
less than one third the cost of a completed rail-
road. The balance is nearly all labor. Why not
take the duty off the sugar, coffee, cassimeres,
cloths, and other goods consumed by the laborers
and mechanics who build your railroads, in order
that they may work the cheaper? Why not take
the duty off the silks and wines consumed by
railroad officers, so that they may take less sal-
aries, and thus aid in the construction and main-
tenance of the road, reducing the cost of con-
struction, of travel, and of the transmission of the
mails to all corners of the country? The duties
on iron being part of general system should stand
or fall with that system.
There is nothing in the aspect of the two inter-
ests concerned that justifies this demand upon the
iron interest for railroad enterprise. We have
more railroads now than all the world beside.
Railroad enterprise has outstripped nearly every
other. In some instances it has overleaped the
bounds of prudence. If the iron interest were as
well advanced we should have had no occasion
for this bill. And yet, sir, there is no interest in
the country more legitimate. The manufacture
of iron is peculiarly adapted to our country. We
have inexhaustible amounts of the raw material,
found m widely-separated parts of the country—
being abundant in Pennsylvania, Virginia, Mary-
land, Tennessee, Kentucky, Missouri, and m
Michigan.
