1094
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
An a"t to amend "An act reducing the duty on 1 of the Senate on this question—a question, in my
imoorfp, and for other purposes," passed July! opinion, involving the character of Congress.
30 1 Why, sir, how do we stand? The House of
An~act for the relief of Mary Gay; !! Representatives, after the law passed in 1853,
A ioint resolution relating to the compensation j which prohibited each House from ordering books
of chaplains of Congress;
An act for the relief of Thomas M. Newell;
An act for the relief of Polly Empson;
An act for the relief of William Burdcll, Sam-
uel Medary, and William P. Martin, adminis-
trator of the estate of Edgar Gale, deceased; and
An act making appropriations for fortifications
and other works of defense, and for repair of bar-
without the concurrence of the other, sent us last
year a joint resolution authorizing the purchase
and furnishing to members of books that had been
furnished at former Congresses. It was referred
to the Committee on the Library. The Com-
mittee on the Library struck out the resolution as
sent to us from the House of Representatives, and
inserted that which is the basis of the report of
racks and quarters, for the'year ending June 30, ;i the committee of conference. That report of the
«! Library Committee was adopted by the Senate.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED) jj "What did the House of Representatives do ? In-
' ,, , i; stead of acting on that amendment of the Senate,
The following House bills were scvenuly icad |j W£U} remitted to he on their table after the
twice by their tides, and referred as indicated be- || act;on Qf Senate of the United States, and they
introduced a resolution m violation of law, in
violation of every precedent that had been set on
the subject, after the passage of the law of 1853,
directing their Clerk to purchase these books and
distribute them to members. After the passage
of this resolution on the part of the House of
Representatives, just prior to the adjournment of
Congress, the Senate passed a bill changing the
compensation of members of Congress, prescrib-
ing that the compensation should be $2,500 a year,
oud containing a provision cutting off entirely this
book business, prohibiting members of Congress
from ever receiving books. That bill, thus passed
by the Senate, was sent to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and there the whole bill of the Senate
was struck out, and a substitute for the bill moved
by a Representative from the State of South Car-
olina, [Mr. Our,] increasing the compensation of
members of Congress from $'.2,500 a year, as pro-
posed by the Senate bill, to $3,000 a year, and
having rrttrobpeetive operation so as to include the
members of the pirscnt Congress. Their com-
pensation under this bill commenced from the be-
ginning of tViis constitutional term—March 4,
lb55. In the bill was a provision which expressly
declared, that all books hereafter ordered and
received by members of Congress should be de-
ducted from their compensation. The object was
to cut up by the roots entirely, as was said by the
mover of the substitute m the House of Repre-
sentatives, this book business.
ft will be recollected in the Senate that but very
little debate look plaee on the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the compensation
bill. The important principle involved in it was
in regard to its letrospecuve operation. Very
little, if anything, was said m regard to the effect
low:
A bill (IVo. 330) for the relief of J. H. F. Thorn- ;
ton, Lawrence Taliaferro,andHay.T. Taliaferro, j
sureties of D. M. T. Thornton, late a purser m S
the Navy of the United States—to the Committee i
on the Judiciary. j
A bill (No. 465) for the relief of the heirs of j
Alexander Stevenson, a soldier of the revolution- ;
ary war—to the Committee on Pensions. j
A bill (No. 855) for the relief of Martin Jew-
ell, of Kentucky—to the Committee on Pensions, j
THE DEFICIENCY BILL. !
Mr. STUART submitted the following report: |
The committee of confcrcnen on the dt^au'tecin^ votes '■
of the two limits oh the bill (II. R. No. to snppivde- 1
fioieneies in the appronriation lor the (service ot Hie ii-.cnI 1
year ending the OOtn ot June, lry>7, repoit that, having met, :
Kitor tuU and free oenterenee, they Lave a^ioed to i.-oom- j
mend, and do rccommend. to the le^pectivo limine* as foi- j
lows. l
That the Uoii-e of Representatives concui in tin* tir- t, 1
second, 1inrd, fourth, liith, sixth, scven.'h, eighth.  unih, j
tenth, twelfth, thmeenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, mteenth, i
f-eventeenth, eighteenth, and nineteenth amendments of the j
Senate. i
That the Tloiw: of Representatives conoui in the eleventh |
amendment ot the Senate, with an amendment, a-? follows: ;
Htnlci. out lite whole amendment, ami insert us follows ■
"That the Heereiaiy o'*the Senate and t'teilc of the IFou-e '
of ilepie-s( niaiives.'each lor the Mouse of winch he is an 1
officer, be authou/.ed and dneeted to procure from the !
pubh her>, if piaeueable, and furnish to each nwmbet and
Delegate of their ropeetive Houses, who have not her,no-
fore received the same, one copy of the following work-?,
viz. <«ale.s Heaton'^ Ke^nstei of iJebaie-j, (.Congressional
Globe and ^\pp' iwii\, Public Lnnd Law-:. Iu-4iaction.-, and
Opinion*-, Mhof's Debate^, DjpJom:itic ('orre.-pomience,
Opinions oi tiie AL'orncv-;(.immoral, in live vein me.-, Pnuinee
Il"pon-,<;a!e ^ & Seaton'- Annals of (Jon<ne>s,Ji>|jn A(!,u.h\
WorK<, Jcliei-onV. Work*, to foe supplied nom tiie num-
bers of sud \unk now in charge of tlte Lihiauan. lie-key's
Con •titjuioii, am! .Mays & ."Mou!ton\s Pension and f oun!y
Land Law-: and that for tin-; pmpa-'e ,*i:><,{)i)l be, and
II.U UH Ull- |T- I <>• J 1 1M , «UIU . •> . . " I > 1 1 w 1
the fame i- hetoby. appiopriatcd out ot any mnn-v m the ij ol this provision about books: but something was
'jV>n-rnv not otheiwise appropnated: Provide1, That they j" said in the House of Representatives m regard to
be fuitii.-do d at puces not cxceedm?,' tho-jC forwnich they ' " ' ' '
Wi ie ii'Mf tonne supplied, ani tiling m the act entn'ed ' An
aef to reijuitite the compensation of nieinbew ol Connie -V _
apprevd h'.iii o> Aa.^n-t, ISotS, to tiie eontiaiy notwii.li- i
btamlunr " Tin" upinopriaiion n made m consequence of 11 stated:
 i... ,r II,..,. ,, ,w t> ..*• .1,,. -...• '
it. The only speech made there was by the mover
of the substitute; and 1 call the attention of the
Senate and the country to what he said. Mr. Orr
-oiutiun of the Uoiw of Representatives of the "uh of
Jul'., IKjO, directing the Clerk to furnish ceitam hooks to
each ni< ntbi i and Ueleg.it% who had not hereioiore ieeeived
the ^.uue, and winch had tn part been executed by s..id
Ch'i'lv beioic tiio passage of waid act of H>tii of August,
Ifcwi).
CIIA\]LrS R. ^T17AH'J\
SOfiOMnN FOt>T,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
RUSSELL SAGE,
A. K. MARSHALL,
DANJKL WELLd, Jr.,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr- BriJART. H is proper that J should
stvi'c, Mr. President, that the basis of tins agree-
mciit is the substitute of the Senate for the joint
resolution of the House of Representatives passed
at, the !'*st session, which substitute was reported
by the honorable Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Pc iiici,, | from the Committee on the Library,
it is substantially the same, varying a little in
lan^na^e. The amount which the House of Rep-
resentntiNes appropriated for these books was
^iS;}>7G5. The amount of this appropriation is
$13^,0015 lessening the appropriation $44,704. It
The Senate bill pmudes, as does tlm amendment, that
whenever books aie voted by either Ilon^e to their members,
a- has been the umfoim piactiee toi many yearn, the coat
theieof fiiall be doduoted noin their compen^aiion.'5
Again:
|: u \"v hile the salary is increased, yet. taken as a whole,
|i the lull will tlnow but little, if ,uiv, addition.d td\ on the
'I Government, because it will cut off the voting of books to
11 new members at the opening of every Con^re-.*. The living
|j m this item alone will leach nearly two hundred thousand
j! dollars eveiy Congiets.'''
|j That was said by the mover of the proposition
which finally passed both Houses, and is now the
i; law of the land. By this J understood, and I sup-
!' posed a large majority of the present Congress
: | understood, that if any member of the presen t Con-
:! gress, whose compensation has been increased, re-
jj ceived books, the cost of them should be deducted
j1 from his compensation.
|| I say this question involves the character of
|j this Congress. It is not a question of dollars
;! and cents at all. t say here, what I feel, that
sooner than adopt this majority report of the
committee of conference, I um prepared to lose
s limited to this Congress; it has no prospective '< j the whole bill, because 1 believe it will reflect dis-
ctieot; and if agreed to, it settles the difficulty
which the House of Representatives themselves
cremated. 1 am not disposed to say anything
in regard to it. The question is presented to the
Senate in tiie best shape that this committee could
prevent it, uod 1 submit it to the Senate.
Mr. BIGGS. 1 had the misfortune to differ
from the majority of the committee of confercucr
: creditably upon Congress if we now vote to mem-
bers of the two Houses $136,000 as proposed by
i this amendment for books, after what has taken
1 place in the present Congress. 1 refused, there-
i fore, to sign this report of the committee of con-
| ference, and I trust the Senate will non-concur in
I it.
When they sent us the $182,000 appropriation.
it was moved to be amended by the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] and I agreed to that.
His proposition was, that as the Clerk of the
House of Representatives had been forced by a
resolution of the House to make some outlay ^and
probably had incurred heavy responsibility, an
appropriation of $50,000, which would be suffi-
cient to cover the expenses he had incurred, should
be voted to him as indemnity to relieve him from
any loss, and that the books should go into the
Library of Congress, and not be received by the
members, or should be deducted from the pay of
those who chose to receive them. I am in favor
of that amendment, but I am utterly opposed to
the original resolution of the House of Represent-
atives, and the report of the committee, which
cuts it down, it is true, but cuts it down accord-
ing to a basis adopted before the compensation
bill was passed. It was a proposition coming:
from the Committee on the Library before the
compensation bill was passed. It cuts down the
amount from §189,000 to §138,000.
I know time is precious, and, therefore, having
expressed, as briellyas I could, my opposition to
the report, I shall not make further remarks.
Mr. STUART. From the sentiment and the
feeling that has been expressed by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, who was a mem-
ber of the committee of conference,! am certainly
not disposed to dissent; but,sir,every man knows
thatin legislation the inquiry is not so much what
is the best thing, as what is the best thing prac-
ticable—what can be done.
The history of this transaction T will state in
brief. On the 7th of July last, the House of Rep-
resentatives passed its resolution ordering these
books. The compensation bill was passed in the
August following. It is historically true, I be-
lieve, that when the member from South Caro-
lina [Mr. Orr] was presenting that bill to the
House it had this language in iespect to books:
" All books hereafter received by members of
Congress." One of the members of this confer-
ence committee went to him and objected to that
language, because it would cut off the effect of
the resolution of the House of Representatives;
and he limited it so as to read as it does in the
bill: £< Any books that shall hereafter be ordered
and received by;" so that the order of the House
of Representatives which had been made before
that time in respect to these books should not be
affected by the law. There is where the House
of Representatives stand. I am not going to dis-
cuss the question here whether they arc right or
wrong. I only say that there is where they stand,
and they now retain that stand.
This bill contains other large appropriations—
appropriations indispensable to the carrying on
of the business of the Government, not only in
respect to the current expenses of Congress, but '
to the Army. There are m it large appropriations
for the Army, and for other purposes. It is here
on the last day and the last night of the session;
and the question is, what can you do? As the
House of Representatives construe this order, it
is no violation of the compensation law, because
they say the proceedings on it were anterior to
the law. I may say that I differ from them in
that opinion; but the very business of a commit-
tee of conference is to compromise. We have
been laboring on this subject of difference all day
long. I do not know but that other gentlemen
can do better. If they can, I shall be very glad
of it. I hdve only to say that, with every dispo-
sition we could bring to bear on the subject, this
is the best arrangement that could be made by
us. It confines itself to the present Congress, ft
not only limits the number of books provided for,
but brings the Senate back to precisely what we
agreed with the House of Representatives we
would do when they sent us a joint resolution
stating a proposition substantially like this in
their separate resolution; and our Library Com-
mittee substituted in the place of it what this com-
mittee of conference has agreed upon, and sent it
down to the House of Representatives. I thought
that the Senate might, with propriety, compror
mise this question with the House of Represent-
atives precisely as they proposed to compromise
it at the last session, and that we should lose
nothing in the way of propriety—that wc should
lose nothing in the way of a proper respect and
obedicnce to law by this course.
Here is a vexed question that must be settled.
