1857.
If we disagree to the report, and take the prop-
osition of the Senator from North Carolina, we
Khali probably lose this bill. I am aware that
any member of Congress may, with propriety,
when he thinks it proper, according to his own
conscience, take a stand which will lose a bill.
A great emergency will authorize it. A violation
of a great fundamental principle, that would be
ofdangerousoperation in the future, would justify
the loss of an appropriation bill. But, sir, sup-
pose we should lose this bill, the very next bill
that goes to the House of Representatives by the
same vote can have this amendment added to it,
and that can be lost. Is it best to bring the
Houses into competition and difficulties to this
extent?
In one respect I disagree with the Senator from
North Carolina. I do not think the Senate is
bringing down any censure on itself, in this
extreme case, upon this important measure, by
proffering to the House of Representatives now
what it proffered to them a year ago on the same
question. True it is that, as one member of this
body, I would have been glad to see the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Colla-
mer] adopted. I thought it was just right—pre-
cisely right. I voted for it with great pleasure;
and if called upon to select an item, having power
to select and decide, I would take that amendment
now; but that we cannot do. Is there, then, a
prospect—do gentlemen see a prospect—of doing
better, without the loss of this bill ? I cannot, with
my views of propriety, upon a question of this
sort—which is but a gratification of the House
of Representatives in what they think is right—
consent to say that I will lose the bill rather than
do it.
I am not disposed to detain the Senate on this
question. It is understood, perhaps, as well as
it can be by any further statement.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is a question that very
nearly concerns the honor of Congress, and I
heartily concur in the views of it taken by my
friend from North Carolina, and I dissent from
the majority of our committee of conference. The
chief reason which is offered to us for maintain-
ing this transaction is, that unless we do so we
may lose an appropriation bill. Sir, I have too
high a regard for the honor of the House of Rep-
resentatives to suppose that they would lose a
great appropriation bill of this country on a ques-
tion of their books. I think I am safe in trusting
the public interest in their hands on that principle,
and if not, I will protect their honor in spite of
themselves, whatever may be the consequences.
The Senator from Michigan defends the sur-
render of this important principle, 011 the ground
of the resolution of July 7, 1856, of the House of
Representatives, passed before the compensation
bill. It is well known to that Senator that this
resolution was against law. It is well known, for
it is on the statute-book, that by law they could
only get these books by a joint resolution. It is
well known that they sent to us a joint resolution,
which was not concurred in, but we sent them
an amendment to it on which they never acted.
There was, then, no authority of law by which
these books could be purchased. That Senator
has not said so, and cannot say so. Then we
passed the compensation bill. It was passed with
difficulty in both Houses. It was too high, accord-
ing to my judgment, as attested by my vote. I
yielded acquiescence in it, and so did many other
gentlemen here, because it would break up this
abuse disreputable to Congress, and would not
allow the distribution of books. All my compen-
sation was drawn and spent, every dime ofit, that
was accessible to me when that bill was passed.
It gave $6,000 a Congress, with a retroactive pro-
vision, and provided that when members took
books they should pay for them. Every man
here had to account for what he had. If any man
has taken money under that law he is bound by
all its provisions. If he got gold he accounted
for gold; if he got books he accounted *or books,
and more especially if he had books illegally.
The whole question is, shall we not protect our
own honor, and even protect that of the House
of Representatives in spite of themselves. -I trust
in God the Senate is prepared to do it. It is not
stating the case fairly to say that, it we do not
agree to this report, the bill will be lost. Last
session we had three committees of conference on
the Army appropriation bill. We may have an-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1095
other opportunity to save this bill; but if it fails—
if we are required to sanction an act so illegal, so
disreputable to us, and still more disreputable to
the House of Representatives, let forty appropri-
ation bills go rather than do that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will say to the Senator, thatit is not in order to
reflect on the House of Representatives.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
Michigan, I think, errs in the view he takes of
this subject, in supposing it is a question of
money with the Senate, and not a question of
principle. It is not whether the appropriation
is $140,000, or §180,000, or §80,000, or any other
sum, that will govern my vote, or, I think, govern
the vote of the Senate.
He is also mistaken in supposing, in the course
of his remarks, that we proffered to the House the
same resolution that is now adopted by the com-
mittee of conference. There is an essential differ-
ence. That difference makes the whole difference
of principle in the two cases. The House of Rep-
resentatives sent to us, at the last session, a joint
resolution to supply books to members, whether
in print or out of print. It was perfectly compe-
tent for Congress to do that by a joint resolution;
but that would have required the assSnt of the
President, and would have been a repeal of the
existing law pro tanto, to that extent. That res-
olution we modified, and sent it back to the House.
I believe we did make a proffer to them, which I
explained the other day, with a view to break up
this custom, of the books in print, provided they
were not paid for until delivered to the respective
officers of the Houses, who might distribute them
among the members of the two Houses. That
resolution as amended was laid on the table in
the House.
Then comes the question of principle. The
House of its own authority, in direct violation of
the law of the land, by a resolution of its own
House alone, undertook to appropriate the money
of the Government, to put money into the per-
sonal pockets of its members. Sir, there was no
more authority in the House to make such an
order than in any individual member of the House
to take Government money in any other mode
whatever. That is the principle we have got to
meet. We cannot shrink from it. I care not
how reduced the amount may be, by no vote of
mine shall the principle ever be recognized that
either the Senate or the House have a right to
violate the law of the land openly, palpably, for
the individual benefit of the members composing
the body for whose benefit such a resolution was
passed. That distinction makes the different
cases. That distinguishes it entirely from the
proffer, as it is called, which the Senate made to
the House at the last session by a joint resolu-
tion. No question of principle entered into that
at all; butfrom the fitst moment the House passed
a separate resolution, and it came to the Senate,
we never made them any proffer on the subject.
We rejected it by an almost unanimous vote. It
went to a committee of conference. While it was
there pending, the compensation bill was passed,
and after it was passed the House of Represent-
atives receded from the amendment. I want to
know if that was not an abandonment of their
position 011 this question? This very same amend-
ment now modified by the committee of confer-
ence was insisted upon at the last session by the
House, and even 111 a committee of conference
the Houses differed. The Senate insisted, and I
am not sure that a second committee was not
appointed; but the House ultimately receded from
the amendment 111 order to obtain the passage of
the compensation bill.
I suppose it is not irregular to state that I have
heard members of the House say that they hoped
such a resolution would never be sanctioned—that
it was perfectly understood at the time when that
compensation bill was passed that it was meant
to avoid all future difficulty, and to get rid of that
very book business. Certainly it did get rid of
it, because theamendment was abandoned by the
House. That amendment was precisely in the
same shape as the one they have sent to us at this
session. They abandoned it then, and admitted
their error in that abandonment.
I say, therefore, whether this bill is to be lost
or not, if the House of Representatives of the
United States, by a majority, choose to stand be-
fore the people of the country in this attitude it
is for them to determine; but they have know-
ingly violated a law of the land wh'ieh originated
in that body. After the appropriation for the
purchase of books had been rejected by the Sen-
ate, and they had themselves acceded to that re-
jection by abandoning the amendment, and the
session passed away, if at another session, when
their pay has been increased, and the propriety
of the principle which prevented members from
receiving those books has been recognized in that
increased compensation bill, the House choose to
lose an appropriation bill by adhering to such an
amendment as this, and are willing'to go before
the country on such an amendment as that as a.
ground for defeating the bill, all I can say is, by
my vote in the Senate, the bill will have to be
lost.
Mr. PUGFI. I ask for the yeas and nays on
concurring in the report of the committee of con-
ference.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STUART. If I have understood the hon-
orable Senator from Delaware, who has been
striving to correct me in regard to some facts, he
has fallen into great errors himself. The joint
resolution to which he refers, which was passed
by the House of Representatives and sent here,
was amended and sent back to them by us long
befofe the compensation bill originated, and long
before the House passed its own separate reso-
lution under which its Clerk has acted in buying
these books.
Mr. BAYARD. How long before ? Not three
days.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is mistaken. This
resolution of which I have been speaking was
passed on the 7th of July, and the compensation
bill was approved about the lGth of August.
Mr. BAYARD. The compensation bill was
passed within three days after the Senate sent
back the joint resolution modified, and the House
laid it 011 the table. I do not know whether it
was on the second or third day before the passage
of that bill.
Mr. STUART. The Senator is mistaken in
supposing that the House ever laid it on the table
at all. They simply declined acting 011 it. They
have never taken any action in regard to it.
This question of violating law is one upon
which the Senate might be a little modest, for we
have voted to distribute, and have distributed,
among our members, the Statutes atLarge, in the
very face of that law. It is no new thing for that
law to be violated. The two Houses have gone
on, not only in violation of tile law 011 this sub-
ject, but in violation of another law prohibiting
the allowance of extra compensation to the em-
ployes. With that law standing in our faces,
both Houses have passed resolutions in violation
of it. It may become us, therefore, I think, to
be alittle modest in charging errors upon the other
House of precisely the same character as those
that we have practiced ourselves. They bring
these violations of law back upon us, and we have
had this argument all day to-day. It is an rrgu-
mentthatupoiipnuciplewecannotanswer. They
tell you, "If you have such a sacred obligation of
law, why do you not observe it? Why do you,
in the face of these positive laws, pass these same
resolutions yourselves, and then turn round and
undertake to teach morality to us ?" I do not know
but that some Senators will have better ability ill
answering that argument than I have; but I con-
fess, although I voted against the resolution, and
have never been 111 favor of it, yet as the repre-
sentative of this Senate I was unable to answer
it. There we stand. The House of Represent-
atives on principle stand where the Senate have
stood; and it brings us back to the question, will
we now at this late day of the session make a
concession and close of this unfortunate business
—for I agree that it is unfortunate—in this way
or not?
Mr. President, I hope every Senator here will
understand that 1 feel no pride of opinion over the
work of this committee—none at ail. It will not
grieve me ill the slightest if the Senate reject the
amendment now proffered to them by the com-
mittee of conference. I should not have said
another word, but for placing these facts before
the Senate. Being a member of this body, and
responsible for what the body has done, I cannot
say to the House of Representatives that they
shall be deprived in this instance of executing the
