1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1097
binding upon the man so firmly and powerfully
that lie could not resist them; and yet because
we do not act under the responsibility of men,
we pass them over, and leave these people to
suffer.
I know that this has very little to do with the
question of order; but, I take it, it is in the power
of the Senate to act upon this case, as they did
upon the other claim which was put on to this bill
on ground so eminently just that it could not be
refused. The same reason applies to this case.
Were I not convinced of it, I would not move it,
or say a word in favor of it. I have refused over
and over again, when applications have been made
to me to do so, to have anything to do with pre-
senting claims on an appropriation bill; but when
a case of this sort presents itself, appealing to the
justice and feeling of the Senate, arising from an
obligation of the Government, I do not see how
it is to be voted down. At any rate, as one indi-
vidual Senator, I cannot so vote consistently with
doing my duty, and the obligation resting upon
us in regard to it. If this matter would admit of
delay—if it could stand where it is until another
Congress—and this man would then be capable
of receiving the justice due to him, I would not
move it to-night, or say a word in its favor. In
his case, however, delay is death. We have no
more right as a Senate to trifle with the obliga-
tions of the Government, than we would have as
individuals to trifle with our obligations. I hope,
therefore, the Senate will act upon the amend-
ment, and act upon it in the shape in which it is
presented by the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TOOMBS. If we intend to do any busi-
ness, I hope we will adhere to our rules. It is
admitted that this is a private claim. It has been
ten or twelve years before Congress, and has
never passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN,(inhisseat.) Ithaspassed
both Houses.
Mr. TOOMBS. That has been repeated by the
Senator, and I do not controvert it. My state-
ment is equally correct.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I do not deny it.
Mr. TOOMBS. It has gone to the Court of
Claims. If the Senator wants to repeat it, I will
allow him to do it.
Mr. PESSENDEN. I only wish to repeat it
when it is necessary.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will be
compelled to preserve order. He must do that,
or rise and address the Chair. I shall permit no
such interruption as that.
Mr. President, it is admitted that this is a
private claim. It has been before Congress ten
or twelve years, and has been rejected by Con-
gress. It has gone to the Court of Claims, and
been rejected by that court. We have probably
over one hundred private bills that have been
passed by the other House, and reported in favor
of by the committees of the Senate, which the
consideration of this very amendment defeats.
Is this case more meritorious than those? You
have given to this claimant a court in which his
case might be tried. He has gone there, and it
has been rejected, with a recommendation to our
clemency. It has no pretext of ex debito justitia,
but it is ex gratia. There is no obligation of the
Government to pay him anything. The claim
cannot be sustained on either ground.
It is true, as the Senator says, we do things
here as members of Congress that we would not
do as individuals. It would be well for the
country if they took the same care of the high
trust the public has given them, apil saved us
money as they do their own. That is the great
difficulty in the Government.
Mr. PESSENDEN". I desire to repeat (be-
cause I do not wish to mislead the Senate, or
have the Senate misled) that I do not pretend
that this claim had ever passed Congress. If it
had, it would have been settled; but I say, as I
said before, that it has passed one House or the
other a considerable number of times—I believe
eleven—and it has never been rejected by either;
that is to say, that it has never been acted upon
by both Houses during the same Congress. That
has been the difficulty.
Mr. STUART. I beg to say that it was re-
jected in the House of Representatives while I
was a member, after a most laborious and com-
plete discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then 1 have been mis-
informed. I do not speak of my own knowledge
in reference to its passage.
Mr. WELLER. It passed the House of Rep-
resentatives when I was a member of that House,
anterior to the time of which the Senator from
Michigan speaks. I know it underwent a close
examination at that time. I took occasion to
examine it, and I think it is one of the most just
and equitable claims of which I have any knowl-
edge. My rule is to compel this Government to
pay whatever I, as an honorable man, would feel
myself under obligation to do. This claim ought
to have been paid long ago.
Mr. PESSENDEN. It may have been rejected
once; hut I repeat, I am told on authority which
I cannot doubt, that it has been passed in each
House—not in both during the same Congress—
but in each House very nearly a dozen times.
When it stands in that attitude, it certainly has
presumption in its favor. The Senator from
Georgia says it has been rejected by the Court
of Claims. It was not rejected by them on ac-
count of want of merit. It was rejected because
the Court of Claims thought they had no juris-
diction over it; but they took pains to say, in their
decision, that it was meritorious, was just, and
that it ought to receive the attention of Congress,
and they hoped that it would receive the attention
of Congress at once.
The"situation of this old man recommends the
claim he has pending for services rendered. He
has been disappointed and been broken down in
attempting to execute the contract he made with
the Government. He has conferred great benefits
upon the country, which the country has been
enjoying ever since, while he has been suffering
under an accumulation of poverty and ill health
which has now brought him to the borders of the
grave. This is the last opportunity to act upon
his case. Of course, I neverknew anything about
it until two or three days ago, when it came be-
fore the committee; but, in my judgment, this
Congress cannot be justified, when a question of
this kind is brought to its consideration, before
God or the country, in rejecting it, for any such
reason as violating a rule of order. If it is a just
case, it ought to be taken up and acted upon
wherever we get a chance to act on it, and I hope
it will be inserted as an amendment to this bill.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey. I will state
that this case has been reported favorably four
times by committees of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and has passed that body three several
times; that it has been three several times reported
in the Senate, and its passage recommended by
their committees, and has been passed by this
body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not since I have been
here.
Mr. HUNTER. I have heard it said that the
only remedy for the mode in which we load down
the appropriation bills on the last night of the
session, was to lose one of them. I believe the
remedy is about to be applied. I think if we go
on m this manner it will be applied. Wo shall
have either to lose the bill, or the committee of
conference will have to cut off all the amend-
ments, and report the skeleton of the bill back.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is objected
that this is a private claim. That question the
Chair submits to the Senate.
Mr. YULEE. I ask that the question be sub-
mitted, in what I believe to be the usual form:
whether it will be the pleasure of the Senate to
receive the amendment. I think that that is the
form in which the question has been put in other
cases.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
has been put in the proper form.
The amendment was decided to be a private
claim; there being, on a division—ayes 16, noes
23.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have two amendments
to offer from the Committee on Indian Affairs. I
ask that the question be first put on the follow-
ing:
Jind le it further enacted, That the President of the United
States may enlarge the area of the reservation Mendocino
by extending its boundaiy northward along the coast ot the
Pacific ocean, to the vjemity ot'l'f.pc Mendocino, embracing
sufficient territory for the colonization of the Indians in
the coast lange of mountains north of the bay of San Fran-
cisco, and also those in the valley of the Sacramento river;
but such extension sliall not interfere with the preemption
claims of settlers.
Mr. HUNTER. There seems to be no limit
in this amendment. It allows the President to
buy as much land as he chooses.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It involves only a small
reservation, and does not interfere with the righfs
of settlers. It relates to a small reservation en-
tirely isolated from all white settlements.
Mr. HUNTER. Does it involve only public
lands? Does it cost nothing?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Yes, sir; it relates to
public land, and costs nothing. It is an ordinary
military reservation.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mi-. SEBASTIAN. I have a further amend-
ment to offer, as a new section:
Jhid he it further enacted, That the President be, and he
is hereby, authorized, in the event that it shall become
necessary, to extinguish, by purchase, for the use of the
United States, the title of any lands within the limits of the
Sebastian military reserve ni California, the title of which
has been confirmed, at a price not exceeding $1 23 an acrc,
and to an extent not exceeding forty nine thousand acres,
an that tho amount necessary for this purpose is hereby
appropi iated : Provided, That the Prudent shall first be
satisfied of the validity of said conflicting title, and of the
expediency of continuing said reserve : And provided fur-
ther, Thai in lieu of said reserve he may cause other pub-
lic lands to be selected or appropriated of equal amount for
such purpose.
Mr. HUNTER. This seems to be a large
purchase. How many Indians are there? What
is the size of the reservation ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. This is the first Indian
reservation that was ever established under the
law passed three or four years ago establishing
Indian reservations in California. It has been in
successful operation ever since. It was selected
in a remote part of the State, because it was be-
lieved there would be no Spanish grants theie
interfering with the location. It turns out since
then that a claim lias been made which covers the
whole reservation of forty-nine thousand acres.
That claim has been affirmed by the board of
commissioners for that State, and an appeal has**
been taken to the Supreme Court of the United
States, in which it has not yet been decided.
Tins appropriation is contingent, looking to the
possibility of the title of the United States to the
whole reservation being declared invalid. In that
case it invests the President with discretionary
power to buy the reservation at $1 25 an acre, or
locate other lands in lieu of it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to submit an amendment in
lieu of one which has already been offered, pro-
viding for temporary clerks in the Indian office.
It describes the purpose much more accurately
and minutely. I ask that, by common consent,
it be substituted for the amendment before offered,
and adopted.
Mr. HUNTER. In the legislative appropria-
tion bill there was a provision for clerks for the
Indian office.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That was stricken out.
Mr. HUNTER. Then it is useless, after the
House has rejected it, to renew it again.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It was stricken out unad-
visedly. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs
says that these clerks are nccessary to the per-
sonnel of the office; and that it is impossible to get
along without them. The amendment that I
propose as a substitute for the other is:
And be it further cnacted, That the Secretary of the 1 n~
tenor be authorized to employ m the office 01 Indian Af-
fairs, five clerks of class two, in addition to those now
allowed by law, from and after the 30di of June, lc57, and
for their compensation the sum of $7,000 is hereby appro-
priated out of any money m the Treasury not otherwise
appiopriated; tile same to be in lieu of'five temporary
clerks heretofore authotized to be employed in said office.
My motion is to allow that to be substituted by
common conscnt, in lieu of the one offered some
time since.
Mr. HUNTER. I agree to that.
There being no objection, the amendment was
substituted for the one offered on the same
subject.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the bill will now be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to offer an amendment
as a new section, which I have not been able to
offer here to-day:
Jlnd he it farther enacted, That the provisions of the sixth
section of the''Act in addition to certain acts granting bounty
land to certain officers and soldiers who have been engaged
