ims
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
in Use military service of the United States," be extended to !
all lands entered with scrip issued to Choctaw Indians,
growing out of the treaty of 1830.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STUART. I have one more amendment
to*offer. The majority of the Committee on Fi-
nance have instructed me to report the following
amendment as ari additional section:
Andbe it further enacted, That the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury he, and they are hereby, authorized
arid directed to reexamine the account between the United
States and the State of Maryland, as the same was, from
time to time, adjusted under the act passed on the 13th of
May, 1826, entitled "An act authorizing the payment of in-
terest due to tiie State of Maryland," and on such reexam-
ination to assume the sums expended by the State of Mary-
land for the use and benefit of the United State?, and the
sums refunded and repaid by the United Stares to the said
State, and the times of such payments, as being correctly
stated in the account, as the same has heretofore been
passed at the Treasury Department; but in the calculation
of interests due under the act aforesaid, the following lules
shall be observed, to wit: Interest shall be calculated up to
the time of any paymrut made. To this interest ihc pay-
ment shall be tir-?t applied, and, if it exceed the interest due,
the balance shall be applied to diminish the principal. If
the payment tails short of the interest, the balance of inter-
est shall not be added to the principal so as to produce in-
terest. Second interest shall be allowed the State of Mary-
land on such sums only on which the said State either paid
interest or lost interest by the transfer of an iuti*re;st-Ueuniig
fund.
And. be it further enacted, That if, upon such reexamina-
tion of the account and application oi the above iule*, any
money shall be found to he due to the State of Maryland,
the same shall be paid out of any money m the Treasury
not otherwise appropuated.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims to offer the following amend-
ment, to be inserted as an additional section:
Jind be it fait her enacted, That theSecretary of the Treas-
ury be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to pay,
out of any money in the Tieasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to Laura A. Stebbms, of Bangor, m the Sfate of
Maine; Catherine C. Ward, of Roxbuiy, in the State of
Massachusetts ; ilufus Man^ur, of lloulton, m the State of
Maine; and James A I)ievv. of Plucnix, m the Stare of
Rhode Island, the sum of each, being, mall, the sum
of #13.422, in full compensation lor three thousand three
hundred and fitty-three acre? of land, in the half township
in the State of Maine, giantcd by the State ot jVIa^achu-
setts to the late General Eaton, and called the u Eaton
grant," to which i>nul parties Km title by the opeiation of
the fourth article of the treaty of 9th August, 181-2, u To
settle and define the boundaiy between the United States
and the possessions of her Britannic Majesty in North
America:" Provided, That the said Laura A. Steblmis,
Catherine C. Ward, ttufus Mansui, and James A. Drew
shall execute deeds oi release to the parties holding u pos-
sessory,'' or "equitable po-se*sory elaunV to the said
thiee thousand tiuee bundled and fnty throe acres oflund,
or any portion thereof, as desenbed in the repon* made to
the Governor and Council ot Maine, by Ebeuezer Hutchin-
son and others, ooinuu-sionor  tmdei a le^oltilion passed
by the Legislature of said Suite on the PJih day of Apul,
1854, and the plan of Mirvev* aceompaiijing said reports,
and of record m she land oilice of said Suite: Jirulpronded
etlao-, That it shah appear to the satisfaction of the land
agent of said State of Maim; that suoli deeds of release do
effectually convey a good title to said lands, except so far
as said titles have been afl'ecred by the operation of the
treaty aforesaid :  2h<J provided fut'ther, That if it shall
appear to the .said land agent thai the aiore^atd parties are
incompetent to make such deeds of release to the whole of
said land ■*, then they shall be entitled to receive a pro rata
only of the compensation provided in this act for &o much
thereof as (hey shall convey as afotesaid.
•And be itjwrthcr enacted. That the Secretary he, and he
is hereby, authorized and required to pay, out, of any un-
appropriated money in the Treasuiy, to Edmund Momoe
and Benjamin Sewal!,of Boston,in the State ot Massachu-
setts, the sum of ^13,510, in the piopomon ot three touiths
thereof to the former, and one fouuh to the latter, in full
compensation forthiee thousand thiee hundred and eighty-
five acres of land in the western half ofkk Plymouth town-
ship," so called, m the State of Maine, and the rum of
$6,768 to iviifus Mausur. of Iloulton, Maine, and James A.
Drew, of Phu-nix, Rhode Island, m full compensation lor
sixteen bundled and ninety-two aeies of land m the eastern
half of said lowr^hip, to which the said parties severally
lost title by the operation of the fourth article of the afore-
said treaty: X'rovvledy That the regulation*, tcstrietions,
and provisions contained m the piovisoes to tho firsi«eetion
of this bill ^hall be made, to all intents and purposes, appli-
cable to this section.
xdnd be it j'tnthcr rnaUed, That the SeeitUary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, dnected to pay, out of any
money in the Tiea.-un not otherwise appiopriated, to Laura
A. Stebbms, of Bango'r, Maine, and Catherine C. Ward, of
Dorchester, Mns.-aehu^ctt-, the sum of£6,0"i0; and to Ed-
mund Monroe and Benjamin Se\va!l,ofthecity of Boston, in
Massachusetts the turn of .^T,635. in the propoition of thiee
f'outlhs of the same to said Monroe, and one fourth to said
Sewali; and to lames A Drew, of I'homix, Rhode Island,
and Rufus Mansnr, of Iloulton, Maine, the sum of $9,328;
the said several sums being in lull compensation, at the rate
of one dollai pei acre, for timber taken from lands owned
by said parties, respectively, and located in the Eaton grant
and Plymouth township, (so called.) m tho State of Maine,
and withm the disinet recognized as the " disputed terri-
tory,''' and which timber was taken off and Jest to the pio-
prietorj, in consequence of the diplomatic arrangement
entered into between the United States and Great Biitam
in 1835, by which both parties agreed to abstain from the
exercise of jurisdiction m said Territory.
Mr, HUNTER. That is a private claim.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It has already been voted
down by the Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Yirginia
is mistaken when he says this is a private claim.
It is no more a private claim than is the payment
of a sum of money due as salary to an officer, or
anything else to be paid under a law. This is
a private claim so far as it makes an appropria-
tion of money to individuals; but it appropriates
money to those individuals to carry out an exist-
ing treaty, which is the supreme law of the land.
I will explain to the Senate the condition of this
amendment in a few words. It is to carry out
the treaty of 1842, between the United States and
Great Britain, the fourth article of which is:
" Art. 4. All grants of land heretofore made by either
party within the limits of the territory which, by this treaty,
falls within the dominions of the other party, shall be held
valid, ratified, and confirmed to the persons in possession
under such giants, to the same extent as if such temtory had,
by this treaty, fallen within the dominions of the party by
whom such grants were made; and all equitable possessory
claims arising from a possession and improvement of any
lot oi parcel ot land by the person actually m possession,
or by those under whom such person claims, for more than
six years before the date of this treaty, shall in like manner
be deemed valid, and be confiimed and quieted by a release,
to the person entitled thereto, of the title to such lot or
parcel of land so described as best to include theimprove-
ments made thereon ; and in all other respects the two con-
tracting parties agiee to deal upon the most liberal princi-
ples of equity with the settlers actually dwelling upon the
territory falling to them respectively, which has heretofore
been in dispute between them."
That is the obligation, and those are the terms
of the treaty. This claim aiises in this way:
"First.—Possessory claims. Tins ilo^s arises under the
fourth article of the treaty, which provides that persons who
had settled upon the disputed temtoiy, and had been in pos-
sesion ot their lots for more than six years before the date
of tho treaty, should be confirmed in their titles and quieted
by release."
I quote from the report of the Committee on
Claims:
" Of this class there are about one hundred cases, covering
about eight thousand four hundred and thirty-four acrcs of
land, the title to winch being, by the piovision of the ticaty,
vested m the occupants, is thereby lost to the propnetors,
and lor which compensation is claimcd. The value of this
land the committee have fixed, from the testimony, at four
dollars per acie, amounting m all to $33,736, and for the
payment of which provision is made by the fhstand second
sections of the accompanying bill."
There is also a second class of claims for what
are calicd timber depredations—for timber said to
have been taken from tho lands of the claimants
during the suspension uf the jurisdiction of the
United States and of the State of Maine, at the
request of the United States, while negotiations
were ponding. That is a separate class of claims
not embraced in the treaty. The obligation of this
Government was, that possessory claims of six
years and upwards should be protected and re-
spected; and that the proprietors, the legal owners
of the title, should be protected in it. The object
of thisamendmentis to indemnify the legal owners
of this property under the provision of the treaty
by which their title was to be secured to them.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question of order
that it is a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Weller
in the chair.) The Chair will submit that ques-
tion to the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to state that this
morning, on an amendment which provided for
strictly a private claim, I understood the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Finance sug-
gested that it was a private claim, but that it was
in fact to carry out an existing law, and there-
fore without the operation of the rule. This
amendment is to carry out the provisions of a
treaty; a treaty is the supreme law of the land;
and, therefore, I submit that the amendment is
just as much in order as that to which he made
no objection on that ground.
Mr. STUART. The Committee on Claims
have reported a private bill to cover this very
same subject. It was brought up for the consider-
ation of the Senate the other day. I argued it as
long as I dared trespass on the time of the Senate
with the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and
the Senate refused to consider it at that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was postponed until
the next Friday.
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir. jNow if a private
claim, reported from the Committee on Claims,
and pending before the Senate as a private bill, is
not a private claim, then we had better go back
and make it general by inserting every private
bill on the Calendar on this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will not decide the question, but will submit it to
the Senate whether the amendment shall be re-
ceived.
The Senate refused to receive the amendments
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment as a new section:
Jind be it further enacted, That the report of the Court of
Claims in the case of David Myerle, in which said couct
recognized the said claim to bo equitable and just, but"
failed to name an amount to be allowed, be, and the same:
is heieby, referred, together with all the testimony takeu ia?
behalf of the United States, and said Myerlf, to the Firsi
ComptiolleroftheTreasury, with instructions to thatomcer
to settle the same upon principles of equity and justice.
Mr. STUART. That is the same amendment
which the Senate refused to receive some time*
since.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is very different, lt&
provisions are entirely different.
Mr. STUART. It is the same case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It refers to the sam£
case, but contains different provisions.
Mr. YULEE. This amendment contains na
appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER. It is to settle a private claim.
Mr. STUART. The Senate decided not to?
receive this amendment some time ago, under th#
rules, and it is not in order to offer it again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The CheuV
decides this to be a new amendment. The ques-
tion is, whether the amendment offered by the1
Senator from Maine will be received by the Sen-
ate.
The Senate refused to receive the amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I offer an amendment as an
additional section, which does not appropriate
auy money, but directs the expenditure of a surft
already appropriated:
JinA be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the
Tioasury shali settle and adjud with all the parties respect-
ively interested theiein, on principles of equity and justice,
all damages, losses, and liabilities, incurred or sustained by
said parties respectively, on account of their contract for
manufacturing buck for the Washington aqueduct; and he
is hereby directed to pay the amount found due by such
adjustment and settlement, out of the appropriation madd
for paying liabilities of said aqueduct, by the act "making
appropriations for certain civil expenses of Government for
the year ending June 30, 38o7," approved August the 18th?
18.56: Piovided, That the said parties first surrender to tfte
United States all the bricks made, together with all the
machinery and appliances, and other personal property,
prepaied lor executing the said contract, and that the said
contiact be canceled.
I will state very briefly this case. A contract
was made by the Government to manufacture a
great quantity of brick for the aqueduct. A large
amount of machinery was brought upon the
ground, and great expenditure incurred. The
Government afterwards abandoned the work.
During the last session a committee of the House
of Representatives warned the country against it.
Congress at the last session passed an act appro-
priating $250,000 to pay the indebtedness of the
Government, but it is thought by the officers that
it does not cover this case. I have submitted the
groposition that the matter may be referred to the
ecretary of the Treasury, and properly adjusted.
Mr. HUNTER. I raise the question of order.
That is a private claim as much as Myerle's.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wellek.)
The Chair will submit the question to the Senate
whether the amendment shall be received.
The amendment was not received.
Mr. RUSK. I offer an amendment from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads;
For building a post office and court-house at Columbia,
South Carolina, $30,000.
For building a court-house and post office at Raleigh,
North Carolina, $50,000.
For building a court-house and post office at Madison,
Wisconsin, $50,000,
For building a court house and post office at Greenville,
South Carolina, $30,000.
For a court-house and post office at Memphis, m the State
of Tennessee, $50,000.
For a building at Tallahassee, Florida, to accommodate
the United States courts and post office,'$50,000. -
Mr. HUNTER. I understand there is no esti-
mate for this.
Mr. RUSK. There is for some of the items.
We have adopted several amendments of the same
kind to-day. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 13: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Biggs, Bigler, Butler, Collamer,
