1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1099
Douglas, Durkee, Evans, Green, Houston, Iverson, Jones
of Tennessee, Pugh,Reid,Rusk, Seward, Stuart, Thomson
of New Jersey, Weller, Wilson, Wright, and Yulee—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Brodhead, Clay, Crittenden,
Fish, Foster, Harlan, Hunter, Jones of Iowa, Nourse, Pratt,
Toombs, and Wade—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I have another amendment:
And be it farther enacted, That the sum of $20,000 be, and
the same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid to the deputy
postmasters of distributing offices, so as to allow them, with
the commissions and allowances already received by them
since the 3GtU of June, 1853, a quarterly compensation of
$500.
Mr. HUNTER. How Hiany^ deputy post-
masters does this reach ? How many salaries does
it raise?
Mr. RUSK. I suppose it reaches ten or fifteen.
The Senator from (Georgia has the list.
Mr. IVERSON. I have the list, and will state
the postmasters whom it will affect: at Portland)
Maine; Providence, Rhode Island; Buffalo, New
York; Erieand Pittsburg,Pennsylvania; Norfolk,
Virginia; Raleigh, North Carolina; Savannah and
Columbus, Georgia; Cincinnati, Ohio; Indianap-
olis, Indiana; Louisville and Maysville, Ken-
tucky; Memphis, Tennessee; and Natchez and
Vicksburg, Mississippi. The amount is only
$14,953, but the committee put the appropriation
at $20,000, in order to be certain to cover the en-
tire amount. ,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RUSK. I offer another amendment as an
additional section:
And he it further enacted, That whenever a line or lines
of American steamers shall be started from a port or ports
in Europe, the proprietors of such lme or lines may, if they
or either of them &hall see fit, nouiy the Postma&ter Gen-
eral of their contemplated arrangements, and of their will-
ingness to leceive on board such mails as are destined to
and from toieign pons, and to deliver the same at their re-
spective destinations, under such regulations as now apply
to the ocean mail sei vice of the United States, so far as the
mails are concerned; and thereupon it shall be the duty of
the Postmaster General to cause such mails to be made up
to and from Europe, and to cause the same to be delivered
on board of such steamers respectively, at a proper hour
prior to their departure. In eonsideiation of such service,
the Postmaster General shall pav to the proprietors of the
line or lines performing such service, the amount of the
postage collected for the tiansportation of such mail matter,
to be paid as received, or at such tunes as may be agreed
upon: Provided, however, That said line or lines, having
such United States mails on board, shall not depart from
the United States on the same days that may be designated
for the depaiture of our present ocean mail lines.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand this amend-
ment, I am for it with all my heart. It is a prop-
osition to allow the various lines of mail steamers
to fake the postages they earn; but it comes prop-
erly as an amendment to the mail steamer appro-
priation bill. I am afraid of it here. I really want
to get this bill through as soon as possible. I
suggest to the Senator from Texas that he had
better reserve this amendment for the mail steamer
appropriation bill. I acknowledge it would be a
great reform—one for which he will deserve credit,
if he can succeed in establishing it; but I am afraid
of it here.
Mr. RUSK. If it will pass on the mail steamer
bill, it will certainly pass here; and by putting it
here there will be more time for it. My own
opinion is, that the mail steamer bill will come up
at so late an hour that we had better put the
amendment on this bill.
Mr. HUNTER. As soon as we dispose of
this bill, wc shall take up the mail steamer bill
immediately.
Mr. COLLAMER. As I understand this prop-
osition, it is to put the foreign mails on board
any line of Steamers, though it may be composed
of only a single vessel, running between the United
States and foreign countries, and pay them what-
ever the ocean postage may be on the letters they
carry. This would be initiating an entirely new
system, inconsistent with the one we now have.
For instance, a mail steamer is proposed to go
from New York to Liverpool, or two steamers,
making what is called a line. They start, if you
please, three days or a week before our regular
mail line. It will be the duty of the postmaster
of the city of New York, according to this scheme,
to put on board that steamer the United States
mails, if applied for, and, of course, whatever
correspondence for Europe may be in the post-
office must be dispatched by that line. There is
no provision as to how long the trip shall be.
They may be twenty or thirty days instead of
ten or twelve days; we have no security on that
point; but they are to be paid just as much for
carrying the letters in twenty days as in twelve
or-eleven days. By this means the merchants *
letters, instead of being dispatched by the regular
steam line now provided for, the speed of which
is known, must go, unless they are designated to
fo by fcome other line. No* matter what the
ispatch of the new line may be, all letters in the
office must be put on board. This seems to me
entirely inconsistent with the regulations we,
have for carrying the foreign mails. Besides
that, they will have no mail to bring home. In
Europe the mails will be put on board the
regular steamers. In England they are put on
board their own steamers, unless they are des-
ignated to come by the regular American lines,
whether the Southampton or the Collins line. Of
course all the correspondence from Europe would
come in the regular lines, and these vessels would
have none of it. It seems to me that this under-
taking to affect the existing arrangement between
here and Europe, is putting a piece of new cloth
in an old garment, which will make the rent ex-
ceedingly bad.
Mr. YULEE. A single word in reply to the
objection made by the Senator from Vermont.
There is no danger that the mails will be put on
board steamships that are unsafe or slow, for the
reason that insecure ships and slow ships cannot
maintain themselves in the commerce of the ocean;
and it will be in the power of the parties who write
tetters to dictate the vessels on board of which
lhey shall go by a direction on the letters.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 19, noes 14,
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 am authorized by the
Committee on the Library to present an amend-
ment, which was adopted by the Senate at the last
session, a single Senator voting against it. It is
to insert as an additional section:
And be it farther enacted, That the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and the Clerk of the House of Representatives are
hereby dnected to continue the compilation of congres-
sional documents published by Congress under the name of
the American State Papers, m the same manner as the first
series thereof; and the joint Library Committee are hereby
directed to contract with the publishers of the first series of
the State Papers for the reprint of two thousand copies of the
said first series, and two thousand five hundred copies of the
continuation herein provided for, supplying such omissions
in the first series as the Secretary ot the Senate and Clerk
of the Hou e of Representatives may direct, at the same
price per volume as was paid for the first senes,and to dis-
tribute a copy of the enure work, free of charge, to each
Senator, member, and Delegate of the present Congress,
and deposit two hundred copies in the State Department for
its own use and for exchange with foreign Governments,
and five hundred copies in the Department of the Interior,
to be distributed by the Secretary of said Department to
public libraries in the several States and Territories of the
United States; and the residue shall be held in the custody
of the Secretary of the Interior, subjcct to the future direc-
tion of Congress. The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
directed to pay, out of any money m the Treasury of the
United States not otherwise appropriated, the cost of such
portions of the work as mayfiom time to time be completed
and delivered to the Secretary of the Interior, upon his
certificate of such delivery.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not see much objection
to the publication of the State Papers; they may
be very necessary; but I see great objection to
this amendment. I move to strike out all that
part of it which directs the contract to be made
with any particular publisher or at any particular
price. If it be important to print the State Papers,
wp can print them according: to existing rates and
prices, and have them published by such persons
as will do the work as a business transaction.
Why should we employ the former publisher at
the rates of forty years ago ? Can there be any
reason for it, except a wish to pay somebody four
or five times more than we can get the work done
for? If you will strike out all that relates to a
particular price and particular publishers, and
simply leave it a proposition directing the State
Papers to be compiled, you will remove many
objections in my mind. I move that amendment.
Mr. PTJGH. I ask the Senator from Georgia
to move to strike out also that part relative to
distribution to members of Congress. That
violates the compensation bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I beg the Senator's pardon,
I think the compensation bill permits the distri-
bution of such works as are published by the Con-
gress to which the member belongs, it may be
otherwise; but that is my impression. Anything
published by authority of this Congress can, of
course, be distributed among its members.
Mr. TOOMBS. My proposition is to strike
out that part which directs the contract to be
made with the publishers of the first series at the
price paid for the first series. The first series
way primed many years ago, at the old congres-
sional rates of 1819, or some other great sum,
much greater than is now paid for such work.
It is well known that for many years we had a
great deal of trouble about the printing rates of
1819, and there were propositions to reduce them
thirty-three per cent. Those rates were fixed be-
fore the power-press was invented, and when
everything connected with the business of print-
ing, except labor, was very dear. I recollect
that when the Annals of Congress were printed,
the best publishers in the United States would
have done tho work for $100,000 less than was-
given for it. It was known to be worth $,150,000
by giving it to a particular person.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to know from the
Senator from Louisiana what is to be the proba-
ble cost of this publication?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not know. I con-
sider that no reasonable cost which such a work
would amount to would be too much for furnish-
ing us these papers. They are absolutely indis-
pensable for facilitating the public business.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not complaining that this
will cost money, but I wish to have the work
done at the price for which it may now be fairly
done. My amendment is to strike out all that
concerns a particular publisher and a particular
price.
Mr. CLAY. As I understand this proposition,
it provides for reprinting a portion of these works;
and I think it is a very proper inquiry what it is
to cost. I do not see the necessity for the reprint.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is simply for this reason:
that those books, which are of immense value,
are entirely out of print. They are congressional
documents. The number of copies was originally
quite limited, and they are not to be bought now
except at an exorbitant price, when occasionally
a person dies or a library is sold out. We cannot
get them in the book-stores at all. They are docu-
ments connected with the history of the country;
they are documents connected wilh .the transac-
tion of the public business of the country. Amer-
ican citizens have a right to this information. It
ought to be spread amongst them; it is a part of
their political education. The original edition was
exceedingly limited—adapted to the state of the
country nearly a third of a century ago. If we
are going to continue the publication of these
State papers, the original series ought also to be
reprinted, to enable the present generation to
obtain them.
Mr. CLAY. I will then ask the Senator from
Louisiana for whom are they to be reprinted ? Is
it for members of Congress?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The reprint of the first
series is for the public libraries of the departments
belonging to the public. The fresh series, the
new volumes, are for the members of Congress,
and the public Departments. Each member of
the Congress which orders the continuation of the
series is to have one copy of the continuation as
a public document ordered by this Congress, and
nothing further.
Mr. CLAY. Two thousand seem tome to be
a very large number for the Departments and the
Congressional Library.
Mr. YULEE. I think the first series of the
State Papers comprise twenty volumes. If so,
the reprint of two thousand copies of them will
involve the reprinting of forty thousand volumes
of books. They cannot cost less than ten dollars
a volume, which will amount to $400,000. It is
no small item which is proposed for ttie reprlnt-
ingof the first series. There may be a very great
propriety in continuing the compilation, but to
reprint the old series now seems to me to be en-
tirely unnecessary. I move to strike out that
portion of the amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I hope that will not be
done. I do not know why the Senator from
Florida says it will cost ten dollars a volume to
reprint the first series.
Mr. YULEE. I will tell the Senator why. I
understand that the Court of Claims, having
, occasion to purchase these books a few days
j ago, were obliged to pay twenty dollars a volume.
I take it for granted that a book of the size of the
i volumes of State Papers will not be printed by a
I contractor and furnished for less than ten dollars.
