1100
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. BENJAMTN. I am thankful to the Sen-
ator from Florida for furnishing me this argu-
ment. It appears now that one of our courts of
justice has been unable to procure this work, it'
has become so rare, without paying twenty dol-
lars a volume.
Mr. NOURSE. I have before me the act to
regulate the compensation of members of Con-
gress, the fifth section of which provides 
Mr. BENJAMIN. I beg the Senator from
Maine to yield me the floor a moment. I desire
to offer an amendment to strike out that part
which provides for the distribution to members
of Congress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will say to the Senator from Louisiana, that the
Senator from Georgia has already offered an
amendment to the amendment, to strike out cer-
tain portions of it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suppose, by general consent,
the Senator can modify his own amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. X desire to modify my
amendment by striking out that part which pro-
vides for distribution amongst members of Con-
gress.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be so
modified. j
Mr. BRODHEAD. It seems to me that this i
is about the biggest book job I have seen in Con- i
gross for a long time. As the Senator from Flor- i
Ida has shown, the cost of the reprint will not j
be less than $400,000. Then there is the cooipi- j
lation and continuation of the work. I thought |
the speech of the Senator from Louisiana, at the
opening of this Congress, against the congres-
sional book-publishing business, was one of the
best I ever heard. Now, after the compensation
law has passed, after we have informed the coun-
try that we had increased our pay, and would
have no more books, we are to vote ourselves a
copy of these numeious volumes.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator did not hear
me just now withdraw that portion of the prop-
osition. The proposition, as I offered it, was the
game one that passed the Senate last year before
the compensation law. I did not look over it
again with reference to that law; but now I have
modified it by striking out that poition which
provides for "distribution amongst members of
Congress,
Mr. BltODlIEAD. Although the Senator has
withdrawn the poitiou which gives us the bookN,
they are to be published*, and the next Congress
will distribute them amongst the members; and
this book-distributing business;, this roundabout
mode of members voting themselves pay, will be
continued.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 hope we shall have the
question. We have very little time left.
Mr. EESSENDEN. I do not know that I
should have any objection to an examination of
the State Papers, and the publication of such of
nary printing, according to law, under the direc-
tion of the Superintendent of Printing. We ought
to know what we are to publish. As it stands
now, it is too much of a job. I am opposed to
it altogether, and I hope the Senate will vote it
down.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I believe it
is the concurrent testimony of the scientific and
political world that the people of the United
btates are indifferent to the preservation of mate-
rials of their own history. I think that is the
unanimous voice of the civilized world. What-
ever may be thought about our success, we are
less careful—we have less material for the illus-
tration of the history of our country from its
foundation to this time, than there is preserved
of any cotemporaneous people. When we look
at the trust that we have taken on ourselves to
discharge towards mankind, and compare our
materials for political history with those which
are preserved by every European State, I am
quite sure that the judgment which we shall pro-
nounce on ourselves will be that of neglect instead
of excess.
My honorable friend from Maine thinks we
might expurgate the State Papers of our fathers,
and of the generations which are past, and save
out of them that which would be useful, and
reject much that would be useless. Sir, that is
precisely the difficulty that we, at this day, are
unable to determine what the world will ulti-
mately judge to be important, instructive, and
useful. We have, in a great degree, guarded
against this neglect by having directed a report
of all the debates of Congress. That is a recent
affair. We are endeavoring, by this proposition,
to go back, and provide for and preserve in the
archives of the Government, and the public libra-
ries, documents and debates, which will be as
full as we can make them; but when we make
them as full as we possibly can, they will be less
satisfactory than those we are preserving of our
own transactions.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania is
not satisfied with this proposition. When the
|j honorable Senator from Louisiana accommodates
j| himself to that Senator's opposition by withdraw-
j! ing so much of the amendment as provides for the
jj distribution of these documents among members
ij of Congress, the honorable Senatorsays the books j
!j wiJJ be preserved, and they will be here when the j
■> next Congress meets,and the next Congress will j
:i make a gi eat job. I bog to say to my honorable !
friend from Pennsylvaniathat 1 donot know what |
j; his political chances are, but if I am not much j
jj mistaken, ho will be a member of the next Con- i
ij gress, or the very next one after that, from the |
!| State of Pennsylvania. He is too useful—too
j; watchful a man for the public interests to be kept
|i out of Congress a great while in such a district
{i as his. At ail events, if he will not be here at
ji the next Congress, I am quite sure, that even if
them as ought to be published; but 1 have a very !| we should all give up our seats, wisdom would
strong objection to the passage of this piopusition ji not die with us, but our successors would be as
in the shape in which it stands. It provides for a J wise as we are.
reprint of the State Papers which have been pub-ij Mr. HUNTER. Does this come from any
lished. I doubt the propriety of that. Although Ji committee? 1 forgot to ask before.
there is a great deal of good matter in them, I I Mr. BENJAMIN. I stated when I offered the
know there is a great deal of quite valueless | amendment that I had the authority of the Com-
matter. The books are large; I tlunk there are 1 mittee on the Library, they having reported it
twenty-one volumes. They cost a very large sum last year, and this being but a repetition of the
of money. It strikes me !iie proper mode would ,i proposition winch last year passed the Senate
be, in the first place, to have* the State Papers
examined, and then have an estimate made, from
proper authority, of what it is necessaiy to pub-
lish, and what the publication would cost, and
have it done by contract in the proper and ordi-
nary way, As it stands now, itis to go into the
hands of those who have heretofore had this pub-
lication in charge. The price and all the particu-
lars are left indefinite and loose. There is no con-
trol except that of the Committee on the Library,
who cannot give to it that attention which it
ought to receive. It would be involving the coun-
try in a very large expense for what will be, in
my judgment, in a great degiee useless, and, as
the Senator from Pennsylvania remarks, we shall
have fastened upon us another very great^book
job. ff we have the republication at a price of
with but a single dissentient voice.
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order.
The Chair decided yesterday that it was not
competent for any member to propose an amend-
ment to an appropiiation bill without the authority
of a committee of the Senate, and that no person
except a member of the committee could make
the proposition. The Senator from Louisiana is
not a member of the Committee on the Library,
and therefore it is not competent for him to pro-
pose the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not know whether the Senator from Louis-
iana belongs to that committee or not. The rule
of the Senate is, that an amendment is not in
order unless moved by direction of a standing or
select committee of the Senate, except in the other
$400 ,000, we shall hare to pay an pqn.'ii amount ji cases in which it is admissible. The Chair con
for the continuation of the work, and perhaps .
much more. We cannot tell where it will end. '
There is no security; the amendment is not
guarded. This printing is not to be done as ordi-
siders that it is not competent to a committee to
give a direction to offer an amendment to any
person but one of its own members.
Mr. IVERSON. I have the list of committees
before me. The Committee on the Library is
composed of Messrs. Pearce, Cass, and Bay-
ard.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is the amendment ruled out ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood it was moved by direction of the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I stated that I bad the
authority of the Committee on the Library to
make the proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
considers the amendment not in order.
Mr. BIGLER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to offer an amendment, to
which I think there will be no objection:
And be it further enacted, That the sum of $00,000 be,
and the same is hereby, appiopriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to enable the
President of the United States to proem e, or cau^e to be
procuicd, a suitable site or sites, ior a building or buildings,
for a custom-house, post office, and court-hou*e in the city
ofTrenton, State of New Jersey; and the Secretary of the
Treasuiyis hereby required to cause to be prepared and sub-
mitted to Congress, at a-s early a day as piacticable. a plan
and estimates tor a building or buildings, on a suitable site
or sites ; and if a building or buildings should be on such
site or site.-, which can be remodeled or changed so as to
answer the pui pose indicated, to submit to Congress plans
and estimates of such alterations, and a No estimates for fit-
ting up and finishing said building or buildings.
Mr. JOHNSON. Propositions for building
court-houses and post offices almost everywhere
throughout the United States are continually pre-
sented. We have nothing of this sort in my State.
I see no leason why the same facilities should
not be extended to that State. I cannot consider
that I am fulfilling my duty if I sit still, and make
no proposition to allow the State of Arkansas to
share alike with the other States. I move to amend
the amendment by inserting the words:
And for a post office and court-house at Little Rock,
Arkansas.
The amendment to the amend men t was adopted;
and the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. WELLER. X believe I have offered no
amendment to this bill. I have one to present
now:
Jind be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the In-
tenor be authorized to settle and adjust the claims against
the late United Plates waishal of the northern district of
California for furnishing and fitting up rooms for the United
State* courts m ><iid dt&tuct; and whatever sum maybe
found justly due ts hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. HUNTER. Is not that a private claim?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
submit that question to the Senate.
Mr. WELLER. It is the duty of the marshal to
lit up court-rooms. He did so, and the accounts
arc unsettled, there being no fund out of which
the Secretary could pay the charge; otherwise it
would have been paid.
Mr. HUNTER. The State of the Senator
from California is deeply interested in this bill.
If we lose it by incumbering it with amendments,
he will lose more than he will gain by this amend-
ment.
Mr. WELLER. This is the only amendment
I have offered to this bill, though I have a num-
ber which I ought to offer.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to suggest another reason
why it should not be pressed on this bill. It was
last year put upon a bill in regard to which I was
one of the members of a committee of conference
on the part of the Senate. It had been objected
to and voted down by a large majority in the
House of Representatives, and we were forced to
yield it in that committee of conference, under
the assurance that it could not pass there. The
objection then made was, that it was a private
claim, and the House of Representatives would
not indulge us in adding it to an appropriation
bill.
Mr. WELLER. My friend from Alabama is
usually very accurate, but unfortunately he has
been speaking to-night on an amendment he never
heard of before in his life. It never was before
either branch of Congress hitherto. It is pre-
sented here to-night for the first time. It is true
there was an amendment inserted in an appropri-
ation bill last year, and ultimately lost in a com-
mittee of conference, in regard to the fees of the
United States marshal for the northern district of
California; but there has never before been a
proposition to pay for furnishing and fitting up
these court-rooms for the United States courts,
Mr. SLIDELL. If this be in order, I must
