1104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8.
that this is the last appropriation bill, and that
when we have finished this one, I will be out of
the way. They can then consider these private
bills. ["Agreed, agreed."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded, as in Committee of the Whole, to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 637) making appro-
priations for the transportation of the United
States mail by ocean steamers and otherwise,
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1858,
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. RUSK. I move that by unanimous con-
sent the reading of the bill be dispensed with. I
suppose everybody has read it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to dispense with the reading
of the bill. The Chair hears no objection; and
the reading is dispensed with.
Mr. RUSK. 1 have an amendment from the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
insert as a new section:
For the uansportation of the m;u!s in two steamships,
fiom New Yoik, via Southampton, to Bremen and back,
at$i()0,000 for each ship, ami in two steamships fiom New
Yoik, via Cowcs, to Hnvr«  3nd back, at vTo.OOO (or <>aeh
ship, under contract with the Ocean Steamship Company
at Mew 'York, $350,000; and the Poslma.-ter General is
hereby authouzed to lenew such contiactt with said com-
pany foi a reun not exe^dmrj ten \cais at a suui not ex-
ceeding the puce under tlie pie,sent contiaet.
The contract which is alluded to in the amend-
ment expires in June next; and the Postmaster ;
General has requested that authority be given to '
him to continue the service for one year. The
committee, in making the report, concluded that
it would be better to insert "not exceeding ten
years." This is a line that comes nearer than any
other to paying its expenses, and, in all proba-
bilit}'', will more than pay tin m hereafter.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore* The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Texas.
Is the Senate ready for the question?
Mr. HUNTER. I am not ready for the ques-
tion. I was called out of the Chamber to attend
a committee of conference, and 1 must ask the
favor to hear the amendment again read.
Mr. RUSK. It proposes to authorize the Post-
master General to renew the contract with the
Havre and Bremen line, for a term not exceeding
'ten yoarN. If the Senator desires to hear it, it
can fie n°,ain read, if, jnnKes an appropriation
for the expense of the transportation of the mail.
The Postmaster General requests it
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator ask for the reading of the amendment ?
Mr. lUJNTER. No, sir.
Mr. BUODHEAD. 1 understand that this is
an amendment to ierie\v the special legislative
contracls for carrying the mail. I suppose this
is one of a series that l:? to he offered; and now
the question is to be decided to-night whether we
are goin<r to have legislative contracts for carrying
the mail to different countries. Mr. President, I
am opposed to these legislative contracts, i was
opposed to the Collins line, and to the establish- j
ment of tins line. It, is no longer an expeiiment. j
The carrying of the mail can be thrown open to 1
competition. We have a law now ou the statute- |
book that authorizes the Postmaster General to j
do exactly what this amendment pioposes to do. j
It is the act of 18 \o. if contracts are to be made, !
my opinion is, and always has been, that the !
pioper person to do it is an executive officer. j
This is not the place to make contracts. You j
should authorize them to be made, if they are to t
bc*made at all, by an executive officer. * j
Mr. RUSK. 1 hope the Senator will state the !
amendment correctly. It does not make a con-
tract with anybody; it is only to authorize the
Postmaster General to enter into the contract if
he sees proper to d<> so.
Mr. BRODfJEAD. I understand it to direct
a contract to be math* with certain parties for a
certain number of years.
Mr. COLLAMER. If the Senator will indulge
me a moment I will set him rightabout it. There
are a set of contracts for carrying the mails by
steamers which are legislative contracts, m the
sense the gentleman means. ,The Collins con-
tract was one of thai kind. The contract- for car-
rying the mail from New York to Aspinwall,
caliod the Sloo contract, is one of that kind. The
contract for carrying the mail on the western
coast, called the Harris contract, was a special
contract. All these contracts were made by acts
of the National Legislature, specifically1 naming
the amount and party. Those were legislative
contracts; but the gentleman is mistaken in sup-
posing that the contract with this Bremen line
was such a one. It never was set up by special
legislation. It was set up by the Postmaster
General, Mr. Johnson, under the act of 1845, to
which the gentleman alluded. The carrying of
the mails on that line is paid for out of the post
office money, and is under post office regulation.
The Havana Une, called the Isabel line, is in the
same condition. The contracts with those lines
have not been in their inception, and are not now,
and never have been, contracts ordered by Con-
gress. An advertisement for bids was made by
Mr. Johnson, then Postmaster General, to carry
the mail on these lines. These companies came
in with proposals which were accepted, and a
contract was made with them under the act of
1845.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let the amendment be
read.
Mr. BRODHEAD. I presume the contract can
be continued under the same law by which it was
made. I ask for ihe reading of the amendment,
to see how if, will differ from the Jaw of 1845, now
on the statute-book.
The Secretary a^ain read it.
Mr. BRODHEAD. It designates the parties,
and it designates the sum they are to receive.
Now, I propose to read the act of 1845, and to
show that that law is sufficient:
ii Bc\t enttvicd by the Senate and IIowc of Representatives
in Corner?!,) aiscniihd, That the Postmaster General of the
United States be, mid he i * hereby, authorized, unjlcr the
reductions and piovisjons of the ovistmi; laws, to contract
for the tiaiii-poiration of the United States mail between
any of the pons ot the United £ tales and a pmt or poi rs of
any ioieaui Powei. whenev<'t,m his opinion. the public m-
teiest will thereby be piomoted; and it shall be his duty to
lepoit to the next ensuing Confess a copy or each ot said
eonti.iet-s with a statement ot the amount of postage deuved
under the same, a^fa  a-; the returns of the Department will
enable hint to do. And Mich contract* may be made, if it
shall appear to the Postmaster Geneial to be requned by the
public inteiest, for any giouter peuod than lour yoais, and
not e\eeeduig4cn jeats,
"5>re. 2. Jind he it further enacted, That all such contracts
shall bo made with citizen-, of the United Slates-, and the
mail to he tianspoited m American ve-.M'ls, by American
citizens. Each contract entered into under the ptovisions
of tins act, besides the u-ual stipulations tor the right of the
Postmaster General to discontinue the same, shall contain
the unthei stipulation that it may, at any time, lie teim-
mafed by a fouit isolation of the two Houses ot Congress/'
That is a better law, m my opinion, than the
measure now proposed. Wc all recollect the
statement of the Senator from Florida [Mr. Mal-
i.ory] last evening as to the result of our legisla-
tive eontiacts for docks. It is eontraiy to prin-
ciple, it is violative of the sound rules of wisdom,
to have these contracts made by the Legislature.
When they are so made, there is no responsi-
bility lor them. If there is to be any huckstering
and dealing with contractors, it should be done
not by Congress but by an executive officer under
the law of 1S45, which I have read. I do not
wish to occupy time. I have always been op-
posed to these legislative contracts. They have
not added to the character of Congress; they have
been injurious to the country.
Mr. 1TUNTER. I thought the sentiment of
Congress had been expressed often enough to in-
duce the .Senator from Texas to refrain fr<
sentmg such a proposition as this.
Mr. RUSK. 1 will inform the Senator from
Virginia that I have received this letter from the
Postmaster General:
'* Post Office Dfpar'otent,
" Washington, Felruury 27, 1857.
Ci Sir. It bein;„r of (he great* it importance to tile foreign
postal suvii'O ot Ihe Umad States that the steanibhip
commumc.ition between Now Yoik and Bremenhaven, via
fcouih.iinptun, and between NVw Yoik and Ilavie, via
s-outbainpton, should be continued fiom and utter the 1st
ot Jane nevt, the date of the expiia'jon of the contract with
the Ocean Steam Navigation Company, I inclose heiewith
the dratf of a section ptowding for the continuance of the
exi-lirei United Suites mad steamship .service between thobo
points tor the term of one year trom the 1st ot June. 1657/'
Mr. HUNTER. I thought the Senator from
Texas had commenced another system. On his
motion, we ingrafted on the appropriation bill
winch has just gone to the other House a pro-
vision allowing these mail steamer companies to
take what they could make by the mails, as I
thought a very valuable provision—one that might
pre-
turn out well: but if we are to go on with the old
system of making legislative contracts, and giving
monopolies to individual companies, his reform
will come to nothing; it is impossible any good
can arise from it; and we shall have forced upon
us the same old system by which we are granting
money to enable one portion of the navigating
interest to crowd out the other from the seas.
How can those who are carrying on the occupa-
tions of commerce stand up against such compe-
tition as this, supported by the Treasury of the
United States ? I understand that the navigating
interest of the country is already seriously affected
by this rivalry which we have forced upon it; that
the steamships which are subsisting upon the
moneys voted to them out of the Treasury of the
United States are beginning to take away from
others the freights, which otherwise would be
carried by those who have to depend on their
own means and their own exertions. I had hoped
that when the notice was given to the Collins
line, it was evidence that we intended to retrace
our steps, and to return to that system which left
every interest to fair competition, and to be sus-
tained by its own exertions. If we renew this
contract, however, it will follow that all the others
will be renewed, and we shall not only have the
old lines renewed, but we shall have new ones
started from every port in the United States; for
it is impossible, if this should be fastened on us
as a system, but that other cities in the Union
will insist on their share. Philadelphia, Balti-
more, Charleston, New Orleans, and, sir, Nor-
folk, will all insist upon having some portion of
the bounties of the Government which are thus
given to one class of navigators upon the ocean,
and which are not only given to one portion of
the navigating interest, butsiven to certain favorite
places within the United States. If we mean to
return to the former system, which is a system
of equity and justice, we must stop where we are,
and refuse to make any more of these special con-
tracts, leaving the foreign mail service to be sup-
ported, as was the mail formerly wifhin the
United States, by whatever could be made by
carrying the mail. Having done that, let us leave
them, like all others, to be supported by their
own labors and their own exertions.
Mr. COLLAMER. I shall not detain the
Senate long; but as this is an important subject,
I desiie to say a few words upon it. However
we may view it, and however we may regard
some features of this policy, the undisguised truth
is, that Great Britain has established ninety-one
mail lines in different directions, checkering all
the present commercial world. She is thus sub-
sidizing the commerce of the world. She does it
in the form and guise of promoting steam mail
service, but really with a view to command the
commerce of the world.
Gentlemen speak of men running aline of steam-
ships on any track of commerce between two im-
portant points across the Atlantic by individual
enterprise. While there are lines sustained be-
tween the same points, contributed to by the
British Government, no individuals could pos-
sibly endure such a rivalship. Some attempts
have been made by Mr. Vanderbilt and others;
but those lines are very soon abandoned. The
idea of sustaining them is altogether futile. The
British Government, you may say, have already
almost a monopoly of the carriage of light and
valuable goods, now carried mainly m the British
steamers and the Collins steamers and the Bremen
steamers. The Bremen hue, which was set up
under the act of 1845 by the Post Office Depart-
ment, has been a very improving one. Its post-
ages have very much increased. " The amount of
commerce fr6m Bremen to this country has,
sincr the establishment of that line, run up from
$3,000,000 to $16,000,000 a year. Now, we are
simply to say that we must give up all the valu-
able carrying trade of the world into the hands
of Great Britain as a monopoly, unless this Gov-
ernment will contribute something towards tho
assistance of the steam navigation of the ocean.
I do not say that the policy should go on, or
should not go on; but I wish it to be regarded,
from this day, as a matter distinctly understood
by those who have had occasion to examine it—
as the chairman of our Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads has had—that one of two
things must happen: Great Britain must monop-
olize all the valuable commerce of the world, or
