1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1107
believe there is no gentleman So vain as to sup-
pose that any discussion in regard to mail steamers
will change a single vote at this hour of the night.
I hope we may be permitted to get clear of this
bill, and reach bills on your table that demand
immediate action, and which, if not very soon
passed, cannot be enrolled and signed before the
hour of the final adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Iverson] to the amendment of the Senator
from Texas, [Mr. Rusk,] to strike out "ten
years" and insert " one year."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. MALLORY. I move, as a substitute for
the amendment as amended, the following:
The Postmaster General is hereby authorized to contract
with the lowest bidders, after due advertisement, for the
transportation of the mails between New York and Bremen,
by the way of Southampton, and between New York and
Havre, by the way of Cowes, for one year, in first class
ocean steamships: Provided, That the aggregate amount
of such contracts shah not exceed $350,000.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suppose that is amend-
able.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir. It
is an amendment to an amendment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If it be adopted, will it be
amendable afterwards?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir. This
is an amendment to an amendment; and if it be
adopted, the amendment as amended cannot be
amended further.
Mr. HUNTER. But if the amendment to the
amendment is to strike out the whole of the ori-
ginal amendment, the matter to be stricken out
can be amended before the vote is taken on strik-
ing out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands that the amendment of the Senator
from Florida is offered as a substitute for the
whole amendment of the Senator from Texas as
amended.
Mr. WELLER. Before the vote is taken on
the substitute, it is in order to amend the original
amendment.
Mr. IVERSON. The parliamentary rule I
understand is, that when a substitute is offered
for a proposition, you may in the first place
amend the substitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
not very conversant with parliamentary rules,
but his impression is as he has stated.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I will read my prop-
osition, and ask my friend from Florida to permit
it to be added to his substitute:
That the Postmaster Genera! be, and he is hereby, au-
thonzed and directed, in behalf of the Government of the
United States, to enter into a contract with the lowest bid-
der for the transportation of the mails once each way in
each and every month, for the period of ten years from the
oommfnepmerit of service, between New Orleans and Bor-
deaux, m France, touching at Havana and Fayai to land to
receive the mails, said service to commence within three
months from the passage of this act, and the compensation
for the same to be not more than $25,000 for each and
every voyage, to be payable out of any money in theTieas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, said contract to be made
in the usual form, and upon the usual conditions and re-
strictions.
Mr. MALLORY. I accept it.
Mr. YULEE. I did not concur in the amend-
ment reported by the committee; but as it now
stands, it authorizes the continuance of the Bre-
men contract with the present parties forgone
year. My colleague, I understand, proposes,
instead of continuing it for one year to the same
parties, to permit the service on the same route
to be continued for one year with any parties
who tnay propose to do it for the least sum. Do
I understand it correctly ?
Mr. MALLORY. The amendment so reads.
Mr. YULEE. Now, the Senator from Louis-
iana proposes toembark on a larger field—a ten
years' contract. I hope he will withhold his
amendment, and offer it as a substantive proposi-
• tion.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Do I understand that the
proposition of the Senator from Florida is to ad-
vertise the contractfor the New York and Bremen
!ine for a single year?
Mr. MALLORY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Then I withhold my amend-
ment.
Mr. YULEE. I suppose this is to give us time
at the next session to review the whole subject?
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am willing that it shall
go on for one year for that purpose.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. MASON, it was
Ordered, That Lieutenant H. Ii. Rhodes have leave to
withdraw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, it was
Ordered, That John Dixon have leave to withdraw his
petition and papers.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 474) in addi-
tion to " An act more effectually to punish ccrtain
crimes against the United States, and for other
purposes;" and the bill (S. No. 563) to amend an
act entitled " An act to provide for the better or-
ganization of the Treasury, and the safe-keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of the public reve-
nue," with amendments.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 633)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1858.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
'Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
376) for the relief of Robert S. Wimberly, and
the bill (H. R. No. 855) for the relief of Martin
Jewell, of Kentucky, reported them without
amendment.
Mr. RUSK, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of the
representatives of the late George Fisher, reported
the following resolution; which was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the existing Iruvis ample in its provisions*
for the adjustment of the claim of the heu-s of the late
George Fisher.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 856)
for the relief of the heirs of Alexander Stevenson,
submitted an adverse report; and on his motion,
the bill was postponed indefinitely.
PAY OF CADETS.
Mr. WELLER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back the bill
(H. R. No. 853) to increase the pay of the cadets
at the West Point Academy, and ask that it may
now be put on its passage. It simply increases
the pay of the cadets from twenty-four dollars to
thirty dollars per month.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Seriate, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move, in conformity with
the understanding which I had with the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance before the mail
steamer bill was taken up, that we now proceed
to the consideration of those House bills on the
Private Calendar which do not give rise to debate.
Mr. FOSTER. I am in favor of that motion;
but there is a bill from the House of Represent-
atives which is prior in point of time to any of
the private bills, strictly so called, but is, in its
nature, a private bill, so far forth at least as that
it affects a great number of individuals. It is a
bill which I believe will not occasion debate. I
allude to the bill (H. R. No. 27G) granting bounty
land to the officers and crews of private armed
vessels commissioned by the United States.
Mr. SLIDELL. There are several bills which
I myself desire to have disposed of; but I think
the proper course is to proceed m regular order.
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for only three minutes
upon that bill, and then I shall submit it to the
decision of the Senate without any further debate.
I certainly would not, at this late stage of the ses-
sion, interrupt the business of the Senate by in-
terposing a measure which would occasion debate.
I do not tljink this bill will give rise to much de-
bate, or take uptime; and it undoubtedly interests
more individuals than any other bill of a private
nature which is before the Senate—a meritorious,
a deserving, and I may say a needy class of indi-
viduals.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana. The Chair understands the
Senator from Louisiana to confine his motion to
private bills.
Mr. SLIDELL. My motion is, that we pro-
ceed to consider the private bills from the House
of Representatives in their order on the Calendar.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. With the understand-
ing that we begin where we left off when we last
considered the Private Calendar?
Mr. SLIDELL. Certainly.
The motion was agreed to.
BETSY NASH.
The first House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (H. R. No. 281) for the relief of
Betsy Nash; which was considered by the Senate
as in Committee of the Whole. It directs the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Betsy Nash, of Stockbridge, in the county of
Madison, New York, upon the list of half-pay
pensioners, as the widow of Dr. Sylvester Nash,
at the rate of twenty-two dollars per month, to
commence from the 1st of January, 1831, and to
continue for ten years.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
GUSTAVUS B. HORNER.
The next House private bill on the Calendar
was the bill (H. R. No. 343) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Gustavus B. Horner,
deceased.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think the Secretary has
made a mistake. We arc much further advanced
on the Calendar than that bill. It was objected
to before.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will restate that that bill
was objected to, and passed over some days
since; and we are much further advanced on the
Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The .Chair understands that the
order was to proceed with House bills upon the
Calendar in their order.
Mr. SLIDELL. Commencing at the* point
where we left off before.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Louisiana, that he gives
the same construction to the order that was given
to it by the Presiding Officer at the time.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think it was distinctly
understood that we were to commence where we
left off.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That was a part of the
order.
Mr. GREEN. Perhaps it was the understand-
ing of some that we should commence at the be-
ginning of the Calendar.
Mr. JOHNSON. If we go back to the begin-
ning of the Calendar we shall never get through.
Mr. GREEN. I have the floor. I hope my
friend will bear with me a moment. My object
is to expedite business and to reach those bills
the design of which is to give some relief to those
old soldiers who have lost arms, legs, and eyes
in the service of theircountry, and some of whom
have been beggared. Some of them have left
widows and orphans, and I wish to do something
for them.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
question before the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. Let us proceed in order.
  The Secretary again proceeded to read the bi(l
tor the relief of the heirs of Gustavus B. Horner,
cJocG&sod •
Mr. SLIDELL. I object to that bill.
Mr. MASON. I do not understand that an
| objection can prevent a private bill from being
: acted on.
I Mr. SLIDELL. It is a revolutionary claim,
! and it will give rise to debate.
i Mr. MASON. I hope equal justice will be
| done to all applicants. If debate is to arise, let it
I arise.
