1112
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
of all the othet roads within the limits of my
State. Ali the lands of value there for our pur-
poses of culture, for com or cotton, have long
since been taken up, and these are refuse lands
that will not command a purchaser now, even at
twc-lve and a half cents an acre.
Mr. RUSK. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I ask for the yeas and nays.
I am waiting to go on a committee of conference,
and I am anxious to have this bill disposed of.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Biggs, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Fitzpatnck, Harlan, Houston, Johnson, Mason,
Notirse, Puyli, Reid, Rusk, Sebastian, Seward, Slidell,
Toombs, Weller, Wilson, and Yulee—21.
NA YS—Mev>n«. Bigler, Bright, Brodhead, Douglas, Fitch,
Foot. Foster, Green, Jones ot Iowa, Stuart, Tho.mp.son of
Kentucky, Thomson of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, and
Wright—15.
So the motion was agreed to.
JOHN \V. COX.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa. I ask unanimous con-
sent, before the doors are closed, to make a re-
port. ["No objection!"] The Committee on
tensions, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 289) for the benefit of John W. Cox, report
it back without amendment, and recommend its
passage. 1 ask that the bill may be now con-
sidered. It is a small matter for a poor man who
is entirely blind, who lost his sight and his health
in the service of his country.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
place on the roll of invalid pensioners the name
of John W. Cox, of Kentucky, and allow him
a pension of eight dollars a month from the 1st
of January, 1856.
The W1 was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills, which had previously re-
ceived the signature of the Speaker of the House
of Representatives:
An act to confirm to the several States the
swamp and overflowed lands selected under the
act of September 26, 1850, and the act of the 2d
of March, 1849;
An act lor the relief of William W. lielden,
administrator of Ebenezer Rilden;
An act to increase the pay of the cadets at the
"West Point Academy; and
An act making appropriations for the trans-
portation of the United States mail by ocean
steamers and otherwise, during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1858.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ci;i.i,om, its Clerk, announced that the
House further insisted on its disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No.
635) making appropriation to supply deficiencies
in the service of the fiscal year ending June 30,
1857, agreed to the third conference asked for by
the Senate, and appointed Messrs. Howard,
Bowie, and Eustis conferees on its part.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
In accordance with the order the doors were
closed. After two hours and a half spent in ex-
ecutive business, the doors were reopened at a
quarter before live o'clock, a. m. [Wednesday,
4th of March.]
DEFICIENCY BILL.
It is understood that during the executive ses-
sion the third committee ot conference on the
deficiency bill reported that they had been unable
to a^ree, and that they were discharged from the
further consideration of the subject.
ENROLLED BILLS.
The PRESIDENT -pro tempore signed the fol-
lowing enrolled bills:
An aer for the relief of Retsey Nash;
An act for the relief of Joseph Irish, William
Sturgis,and Bartholomew Baldwin;
An act for the relief of the inhabitants of the
parish of Ascension, State of Louisiana;
An act for the relief of Isaac Swain;
An act for the relief of James M. Kennedy;
An act for the relief of the heirs of William
Easby, deceased;
An act for the relief of the surviving children
of John Gilbert, a revolutionary soldier;
An act for the relief of the surviving children
of Sarah Van Pelt, widow of John Van Pelt, a
revolutionary soldier;
An act for the relief of the children of James
Phelps, a revolutionary soldier;
An act £or the relief of Charles Parrish, a sol-
dier of the war of 1812;
An act for the relief of George Cassaday;
An act for the relief of Benjamin W. Smith-
son ;
An act for the relief of Joseph Bailey, an invalid
soldier of the war of 1812;
An actfor the relief of Shadrach Rice, of Jack-
son county, Virginia;
An act for the benefit of William L. Oliver;
An act for the relief of William Walton, a sol-
dier m the war of 1812;
An act for the relief of Isaac W. Washburnc;
An act granting a pension to Franklin W. Arm-
strong, of Hardin county, Kentucky;
An act for the relief of Leonard Lilly;
An act for the relief of Robert H. Stevens;
An act providing for an increase of pension to
Isaac Phillips;
An act for the relief of George Bond;
An act for the relief of Richard J. Murray, a
soldier in the Seminole war of 1818;
An act for the relief of Amos Armstrong, of
Ohio;
An act for the relief of Robert S. Wimberly;
An act for the relief of Daniel Wacasser;
An act for the relief of Claiborne Vaughn;
An act for the relief of Henry Stewart;
An act for the lehef of Thomas Rhodes and
Jeremiah Austill;
An act for the relief of Collier H. Minge, Philip,
T. Ellicott, and Lucrctia A. Brodie, administra-
trix of Chailes Brodie;
An act for the relief of Mark Bean and Richard
H. Bean, of the State of Arkansas;
An act for the relief of Matthew G. Emery;
An act to confirm to Charles Waterman his
title to certain lots in Milwaukee, Wisconsin;
An act for the relief of Martin Jewell, of Ken-
tucky ;
An act for the relief of Robert Davis: and
An act to extend the provisions of the act en-
titled " An act in addition to certain acts grant-
ing bounty land to certain officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service
of the United States," to the officers and soldiers
of Major David Bailey's Cook county (Illinois)
volunteers.
COMPENSATION OF EMPLOYES.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate:
Resolved, That Samuel S. Smoot be, ami he is hereby,
appointed inessena'T to the Senate, said appointment to
take effect from the l&t of Maieh, 18f>7.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, (at the request of Mr.
Dodge, who had not been able to remain in the
Senate Chamber all night,) offered the following
resolution; which was referred to the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate:
Resolved, That thoie be allowed and paid to each of the
employed of the Senate arid m the (JongnvMonal Library,
the same compensation that is allowed to the employes of
tho House of Representatives b\ ihe resolution of the House
of RepioenMtive* of the 2d of March, 1837, to be paid out
ofthp contingent fund of the Senate.
Mr.^WAllD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the same committee:
ReiolreJ, That theie be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate to Robert Carter and Henry 13odson, $100
each.
Mr. JONES, of Iowa, submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the same com-
mittee :
Radical, Th.u the Secreiary of the Senate pay fioui
the contingent fund of the Senate the <um of $300 to B.
L. Began, tor the tervices of his son in the document room
of the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the same commit-
tee:
Resolved, That there be paid out of the contingent fund
of the Senate to caeb of the employes of the Senate the
same compensation that is allowed to the omployls of the
House by the resolution of the House of Representatives
of March 2, J 857.
THANKS TO THE PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE.
Mr. FISH. 1 offer two resolutions, which I
feel very confident will secure the assent of every
member of the Senate. Those who have expe-
rienced the gentlemanly courtesy, the dignity,
and strict impartiality which have been adminis-
tered from the seat you, sir, now occupy, (Mr.
Stuart in the chair,) will, I am sure, assent to
these resolutions:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate be given to the
Hon. Jesse D. Bright, late President of the Senate, for
the dignity, ability, and impartiality with which he dis-
charged the duties of the Chair.
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate be given to the
Hon. James M. Mason, the President of the Senate, for
the dignity, ability, and impartiality with which he hus> dis-
charged the duties of tho Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the resolutions will
be unanimously passed.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted.
james p. m'kean.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have a resolution,
which is a very small matter except to the poor
man to whom the money is due. Underan order
of the Senate, a man by the name of McKean
was employed under contract to bind certain
books that had been ordered by the Senate. He
performed the duty, and settled with our Secre-
tary, who made the contract with him, but in that
settlement several little items were omitted to
which he was entitled. I offer this resolution:
Resolved, That the Seeietaiy be directed to examine the
accounts of Jame^ P. McKean, for binding Cdlonel Emory's
ltepoit, (Executive Document No. 75. Thirtieth Congress,)
and allow and pay him, out of the contingent fund of the
Senate, the amount tonnd due for subdividing, trimming,
and inserting the plates and maps in the said report, at the
same rate as has been heretofore allowed to others for bim-
llai work, he having aone the same, although not included
in hi^ contract, it being generally done by the printer, and
he leeeiving pay theieior.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
SUB-TREASURY LAW.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the chair.) The Chair will state to the Senate
that two bills have been returned from the House
of Representatives, with slight amendments,
which ought to be disposed of. One is a bill (S.
No. 563) to amend an act entitled " An act to pro-
vide for the better organization of the Treasury,
and the safe-keeping, transfer, and disbursement
of the public revenue.'' The amendment of the
House of Representatives is, on page 1, line
twenty-two, to .strike out the words:
" But where tlu-ic is no convenient United States treas-
rner oi dopoMtaiy, Mich d^biirsing agent shall keep the
same a? may be loquned by the head of the Depaitment,
which special uisttuetioris &hall be furnished by the Secre-
tary of the Trensuty "
The amendment was concurred in.
punishment of crimes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill (S.
No. 474) in addition to an act *• more effectually
to provide for the punishment of certain crimen
against the United States, and for other pur-
poses," has been returned from the House of
Representatives, with an amendment adding a
new section, which will be read.
Mr. PUGH. It is unnecessary to read the
amendment. It defines the offense of taking a
false oath before a register or receiver of a land
office under the graduation and preemption laws.
It is a very necessary thing, and has been pre-
pared by the House Committee oil the Judiciary.
I hope it will be agreed to.
The amendment was concurrcd in.
REMISSION OF DUTIES.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move to take up the bill
(Ii. R. No. 84S) to remit or refund duties on
goods, wares, and merchandise destroyed by fire.
Mr. CLAY. I am opposed to the passage of
that bill. If it is the desire of the Senate to take
it up now, I wish to suggest some reasons why
I object to its passage.
Mr. WELLER. I would rather hear the Sen-
ator's reasons about nine o'clock in the morning.
I therefore move that we take a recess until nine
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The Senate resumed its session at nine o'clock,
a. m.j (Wednesday, March 4.)
