1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
=*=
1,114*
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER presented the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 615) making appro-
priations for certain civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1858, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate do recede from its second, fifth, eleventh,
seventeenth, eighteenth, twenty-seventh, twenty-eighth,
twenty-ninth, thirty-fourth, thirty-eighth, forty-first, forty-
third, forty-seventh, fiftieth,-fifty-third, fifty-fifth, fifty-sixth,
sixty-third, seventy-first, seventy-fifth, seventy-eighth, sev-
enty-ninth, eightieth, eighty-first, eighty-second, eighty-
third, eighty-fifth, eighty-ninth, ninety-fourth, ninety-fifth,
ninety-seventh, one hundredth, one hundred and first, one
hundred and second, and one hundred and third amend-
ments to the biH.
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to, and concur in, the first, third, fourth,
sixth, eighth, ninth, tenth, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth,
fifteenth, sixteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first,
twenty-second, twenty-third, twenty-fourth, twenty-fifth,
twenty-sixth, thirtieth, thirty-first, thiity-second, thirty-
third, thirty-fifth, thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh, thirty-ninth,
fortieth, forty-second, forty-fourth, forty-fifth, forty-sixth,
forty-eighth, forty-rrnth, fifty-second,fifty-fourth, fifty-sev-
enth, fifty-eighth, fifty-ninth, sixtieth, sixty-first, sixty-sec-
ond, sixty-fourth, sixty-fifth, sixty-sixth, sixty-seventh,
sixty-eighth, sixty-ninth, seventieth, seventy-second, sev-
^enty-third, seventy-fourth, seventy-sixth, eighty-fourth,
eighty-sixth, eighty-seventh, eighty-eighth, ninetieth, nine-
ty-first, ninety-second, ninety-thud, ninety-eighth, and
ninety-ninth amendments of the Senate.
That the House of Representatives do concur in the sev-
enth amendmentof the Senate, with an amendment, as fol-
lows : In line two thereof, strike out the word " ten," and
insert "five."
That the House of Representatives do concur in the fifty-
first amendmentof the Senate, with an amendment,as fol-
lows : In line two thereof, stride out the word " sixteen,"
and insert " ten."
That the House of Representatives do concur in the sev-
enty-seventh amendment of the Senate, with amendment,
as follows: In line six, strike out the words " one clerk of
class three ;1' after the word " him," in line twelve, insert
the word " andand in lines thirteen, fourteen, and fif-
teen, strike out the words " and one assistant messenger at
art annual salary of $700."
And that the House of Representatives do concur in the
ninety-sixth amendment of the Senate, with amendments,
as follows: After the word "five," m line three, insert
<c temporary," and m lines three, four, and five, stukc out
thp words ii of class two, in addition to those now allowed
by law, from and after the 30th of Juue, 1847," and in lieu
thereof insert " during the fiscal year."
R. M. T. HUNTER,
S. A. DOUGLAS,
H. S. GEYER,
Conferees on the -part of the Senate.
LEWIS D. CAMPBELL,
ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr.,
T. G. DAVIDSON,
Conferees on the part of the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what we agree to strike out.
Mr. HUNTER. If we stop to explain the
various items there will not be time to enroll the
bill. The House committee could not stop to
explain there, where explanation is of more im-
portance.
The report was concurred in.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand that our last
committee of conference were discharged from
the further consideration of the deficiency bill.
I move that the Senate still further insist on its
amendments to that bill, and ask for another
conference.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs. Biggs,
Fessbnden, and Foot were appointed.
SCHOONER FLORILLA.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to discharge the
Finance Committee from the further considera-
tion of the bill for the relief of the owner and
crew-of the fishing schooner Florilla. I haw
been unable to get a meeting of the committee
ypon it.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE CHORPENNING, JR.
Mr. RUSK. We inserted in the civil or mis-
cellaneous appropriation bill an amendment for
the relief of George Chorpenning, Jr. The com-
mittee of conference, I understand, have yielded
the amendment. There is a bill from the House
of Representatives on the sam e subject, (No. 541,)
which the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads have instructed me to report back, with an
amendment to strike out the first section, so as to
make the bill consistent with the provision that
the Senate adopted as an amendment to the ap-
propriation bill. I ask that it may be considered
now.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and the amendment of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads was agreed to,
which was to strike out the first section of«the
bill, in these words:
Be it enacted, That the accounting officers of the
Treasury be required to allow and pay to George Chorpen-
ning, Jr., the sum of $40,000, for Indian depredations com-
mitted on the mail trains between Salt Lake and California,
during the contracts of Edward Chorpenning, and during
the present contract of said Chorpenning, up to the 1st of
July, 1855.
Mr. RUSK. The bill is now in the shape in
which the Senate added it, as an amendment, to
the appropriation bill from which it has been
struck by the committee of conference.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The amendment wass concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time, and passed.
JOHN B. ROSE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
lay before the Senate some bills of the House of
Representatives which are lying on the table.
The bill (No. 706) for the relief of John B.
Rose, of Wabash county, Indiana, was read twice
by its title.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will be considered now.
It is a very meritorious case.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee of the
Whole, to consider the bill, which proposes to
direct the Secretary of the Interior to issue to
John B. Rose a warrant for one hundred and sixty
acres of land, in consideration of his services as
lieutenant in the fifteenth regiment United States
infantry during the last war with Great Britain.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CUSTOM-HOUSE AT PERTH AMBOY.
The bill (H. R. No. 293) to construct a build-
ing for a custom-house at Perth Amboy, New
Jersey, was read twice by its title; and, on mo-
tion of Mr. STUART, the Senate proceeded, as
in Committee of the Whole, to consider it.
The bill proposes to appropriate $20,000, with
ten per cent, for contingencies, and so much as
may be required to purchase a site, for the erec-
tion of a building at Perth Amboy for the accom-
modation of the custom-house and post office. It
is to be a brick fire-prooK, building, with an iron
roof, thirty-five by forty-two feet, and forty-two
feet high.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
MOSES NOBLE.
The bill (C. C. No. 12) for the relief of Moses
Noble was read twice by its title. It provides
for paying to Moses Noble $1,704 68 as fishing
bounties.
Mr. CLAY. I object to the passage of that
bill, and desire to have the report read.
Mr. SEWARD. I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Cullom, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed bill (S. No. 330) for the relief
of certain actual settlers and cultivators who pur-
chased lands subject to graduation within the
limits of the Choctaw cession of 1830, at a less
rate than the true graduation price under the act
approved the 4th of August, 1854; also, a bill
(H. R. No. 856) making an appropriation for
carrying out a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message from the House announced that
the House of Representatives had receded from
its disagreement to the twelfth amendmentof the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 606) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and judi-
cial expenses of the Government for the year
ending June 30, 1858.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed several
enrolled bills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the President pro tempore:
An act making appropriations for the support
of the Army for the year ending June 30, 1858;
An act making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive,and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1858;
An act making appropriations for the naval
service for the year ending June 30, 1858;
An act for the relief of the children and heirs,
of Levi and Mary Stone;
An act for the relief of Catharine V. R. Coch-
rane, sole surviving child of the late General
Philip Schuyler;
An act for the relief of Thomas Crown;
An act for the relief of Puig, Mir, & Co., of
New Orleans;
An act for the benefit of John W. Cox;
An act to amend an act entitled " An act to.
provide for the better organization of the Treas-
ury, and for the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue."
An act in addition to " An act more effectually
to provide for the punishment of certain crimes
against theUnited States, and for other purposes."
An act for the relief of certain actual settlers
and cultivators who purchased lands subject to
graduation, within the limits of the Choctaw ces-
sion of 1830, at a less rate than the true gradua-
tion price under the act " to graduate and reduce
the price of the public lands to actual settlers and
cultivators," approved August 4, 1854, and for
other purposes.
JONATHAN CILLEY.
Mr. HALE. I ask the consent of the Senate
to consider now the bill (H. R. No. 489) for t]y
relief of JSnathan Cilley. It was overlooked last
night when the other private bills were passed.
It simply puts him on the invalid pension list at
four dollars a month.
The bill was considered as in Committee of the
Whole, reported to the Senate, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.-
DEFICIENCY BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ckllom, its Clerk, announced that the
House agreed to the fourth conference asked for
by the Senate on the disagreeing; votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 635) to supply"
deficiencies in the appropriations for the service
of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1857, and had
appointed Messrs. Sherman, Swope, and Peck.
conferees on its part.
REMISSION OF DUTIES.
On motion of Mr. TOOMBS, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (Ii. R. No. 848) to remit or refund duties
on goods, wares, and merchandise destroyed by
fire.
The bill proposes to constitute the collector
of the customs and the naval officer for the port
of New York, and the district attorney for the
southern district of New York, a commission to
ascertain the amount of duties paid or due upon
all goods, wares, and merchandise destroyed by
fire in the city of New York, in unbroken and
original packagesasimported,on the 19th of July,
1845, and also the name or names and places of
residence of the several persons entitled to have
the duties refunded or remitted, and the kind and
quantity of goods, wares, and merchandise so
destroyed, together with such other facts and par-
ticulars as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
direct; but no duties are to be remitted or refunded
unless it shall satisfactorily appear that their de-
struction took place within the space of five years
from the date of the importation of the goods, if
imported prior to the passage of the act of March
3, 1849, entitled "An act requiring all moneys
received from customs, and from all other sources,
to be paid immediately into the Treasury, without
abatement or reduction, and for other purposes;"
but if imported subsequently to the passage of
that act, the destruction of the goods must be
proved to have taken place within the space of
two years from the date of importation.
The commission is to meet at such time and
place, in the city of New York*as shall be desig-
nated by the Secretary of the Treasury in the
order convening them, or as soon thereafter as
may be, after reasonable notice to tne parties in-
terested, and proceed to take testimony in rela-
tion to the goods destroyed, the amount of duties
paid, or to-bo paid, to the United States there-
upon, and to the persons entitled to receive or
have remitted to them the amount of such duties.
