1857.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hundred and second, and one hundred and third amend- ■
ments to the bill.
That the House of Representatives do recede from its
disagreement to, and concur in, the first, third, fourth,
sixth, eighth, ninth, tenth, twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth,
fifteenth, sixteenth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-first,
twenty-second, twenty-third, twenty-fourth, twenty fifth,
twenty-sixth, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-second, thirty-
third, thuty-filth, thirty-sixth, thirty-seventh, thirty-ninth,
fortieth, forty-second, forty-fourth, forty fifth, forty-sixth,
forty-ei|hthj forty-ninth, fifty-second, fifty-fourth, fifty-sev-
enth, fifty-eighth, fifty-ninth, sixtieth, sixtfc-first, sixty-sec-
ond, sixty-fourth, sixty-fifth, sixty-sixth* sixty-seventh,
sixty-eighth, sixty-ninth, seventieth, seventy-second, sev-
enty-third, seventy-fourth, seventy-sixth, eighty-fourth,
eighty-sixth, eighty-seventh, eighty-eighth, ninetieth, nine-
ty-first, ninety-second, ninety-third, ninety-eighth, and
ninety-ninth amendments of the Senate.
That the House of Representatives do concur in the sev-
enth amendment of the Senate, with an amendment, as fol-
lows : In line two thereof, strike out the word " ten," and
insert" five."
That the House of Representatives do concur in the fifty-
first amendment of the Senate, with an amendment, as fol-
lows: In line two thereof, strike out the word "'sixteen,"
and insert<( ten."
That the House of Representatives do concur m the sev-
.enty-seventh amendment of the Senate, with amendment,
as follows: In line six, strike out the words "one clerk of
class threeafter the word him," in line twelve, insert
the word " andand iu lines thirteen, fourteen, and fif-
teen, strike out the words " and one assistant messenger at
an annual salary of seven hundred dollars."
And that the Mouse of Representatives do concur in the
ninety-sixth amendment of the Senate, with amend: ->ents,
as follows: After the word "five," in line three, insert
" temporary," and in lines three, four, and five, strike out
the words " of class two, in addition to those now allowed
by law, from and after the 30th of June, 1847," and in lieu
thereof insert" during the fiscal year."
It. M. T. HUNTER,
H. S. GEYER,
S. A. DOUGLAS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
LEWIS D. CAMPBELL,
THOMAS G. DAVIDSON,
I. WASHBURN, Jr.,
  Managers on the part of the House.
The following is the report of the committee,
in detail:
AMENDMENTS REJECTED.
The Senate recedes from the following amend-
ments disagreed to on the part of the House:
Second amendment:
Page 3, line three, after the word " hospitals" strike out
"twenty," and insert m lieu thereof the word "thirty;"
so that the item as amended shall be as follows:
For annual repairs of marine hospitals, $35,000.
Fifth amendment:
For grading and fencing the grounds of the new marine
hospital at San Francisco, California, $60,000.
Eleventh amendment:
For compensation for two additional superintendents on
the coast of Long Island and New Jersey, asieeommended
by the-Secretary of the Treasury, from the loth of March,
1857, to June, 1858, §3,875.
Seventeenth amendment:
Page 10, after line twenty-three, insert the following:
For compensation to a chaplain to the city prison, in the
District of Columbia, to be appointed by tbe President of
the United States, the sum of $500.
Eighteenth amendment:
Page 11, after line five, insert the following:
For the erection of a new jail, on the plau reported by
Edward Clark, architect, to be located at or near the Peni-
tentiary of the District of Columbia, the sum of $150,000.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Page 13, after line seventeen, insert the following:
For providing additional accommodations for the United
States district courts in the District of Columbia, on tbe
plan submitted byE. Clark, architect, the sum of $30,000.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
For inclosing Franklin Square with a substantial wooden
fence, and painting the same, the sum of §5,352,
Twenty-ninth amendment: ^
For the construction of a custom-house, post office, court
rooms, and other United States offices at St. Paul, Minne-
sota Territory, $100,000, and tea per cent, additional for
contingencies, exclusive of the cost of site.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
That there be allowed and paid to the mechanics em-
ployed in the armoiy at the headquarters of the Marine Corps
at Washington, District of Columbia, the same rate of com-
pensation that is now bv law paid to the mechanics simi-
larly employed at the navy-ynrd in said District, and that a
sufficient sum for that purpose be, and the saiue is hereby,
appropriated.
Thirty-eighth amendment:
For inclosing the Rotamc Gaiden with asubstantial iron
railing with granite base, §20.000.
Forty-first amendment:
For fencing and grading the site of tbe marine hospital at
Vicksburg, Mississippi, and for supplying the isnge, hot-
Water apparatus, &e., $6,500.
Forty-third amendment:
For the erection of a light-house and necessary buildings,
and fitting the same with proper illuminating apparatus, at
or near the southern extremity of the " Middle Strait" lead-
ing from Lake Huron, between Brummond Island and Lit-
tle Manitoulin Island into Georgian Bay: Provided, The
Secretary of the Treasury, after proper examination of the
locality shall have bpen made by the Light-House Board, is
satisfied that said light is necessary, §9,000.
Forty-seventh amendment:
For completing the custom-house at Louisville, Ken-
tucky, $40,000.
Fiftieth amendment:
For enlarging the court-house and post office at Spring-
field, Illinois, §50,000, with'ten percent, for contingencies.
Fifty-third amendment:
For continuing the improvement of North Capitol street,
including a bridge over the railroad at D street north to Mas-
sachusetts avenue, the sum of $33,000.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
For inclosing with a wooden fence, and improving tbe
triangular spaces formed by the intersection of New York
and Massachusetts avenues and Tenth andTwcltth streets,
the sum of j$1,500.
Fifty-sixth amendment:
For inclosing with an iron railing, and improving the tri-
angular space on Pennsylvania avenue between Eighteenth
and Nineteenth streets, and the space on the south side of
the avenue between Twentieth and Twenty-First streets,
the sum of $16,029 01. •
Sixty-third amendment:
To enable the Secretary of State to purchase five hun-
dred copies of the stereotyped edition of the Diplomatic
Correspondence of the Revolution, for distribution to such
public institutions athome and abroad, and to such foreign
Governments, as may not have been supplied with a copy
of the first edition, $15,000,
Seventy-first amendment:
For building a court-house and post office at Greenville,
South Carolina, $30,000.
Seventy-fifth amendment:
To reimburse the commissioner of custom?, for expenses
incurred and services performed in the collection of moneys
due to the United States prior to the 1st of April, 1853, the
sum of $1,500.
Seventy-eighth amendment:
Sec.—, And be it further enacted, That the public grounds
surrounding the Capitol shall be enlarged by extending them
northwaid and southward to C street north and C street
south, eastward to First street ea«t, and westward to Third
streetWest—the line of extension to be drawn either by the
lines of the streets herein mentioned, or by curved lines not
m terfermg with the prescribed width of! hose streets, as the
President of the United States may direct.
Seventy-ninth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That for carrying the
preceding section into efFect, and obtaining the title to such
private property as maybe necessary for the puipose. it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to make
application to the circuit courtforthe Distnct of Columbia,
which court is hereby authorized and required," upon such
application, to appoint five disinterested and impartial com-
missioners, freeholders and residents in the said Distuct,to
make a just and equitable appiaisement of the cash value
; of the several interest of each and every owner of the real
estate and improvements thereon necessary lo be taken for
the public use, in accordance with the provisions of the
preceding section. Before any action under such appoint-
i ment, each of the said commissioners shall be sworn or
affirmed by one of the judges of said district com t, faithfully
i and impartially Si perform his duties. Each commissioner
must view the premises of which the value is to be appraised,
butainajorityagrceingmaymake the appraisementotvalue.
The said commissioners, or a majority of them, shall, withm
forty davs after their appointment, make a report in writing
to the said district court, under their hand.', describing the
separate premises of which the value is therein appraised,
with sufficient ceitamty for the puipose of identifying and
specifymgthe cash value as appraised by them of the inter-
est of each owner in the premises so described, which re-
port shall be filed and remain of record in the said couit.
The appraisement made as aforesaid shall be final and con-
clusive.
Eightieth amendment:
Sec Jlnd it further enacted, That the fee-simple of
all premises so appropriated for public use, of which an ap-
praisement shall have been made m the report of the com-
missioner to be filed a«.afoiesaid, shall, upon the payment
to the owner or owners respectively of the appraised value,
or in case the said owner or owners refuse or neglect for
fifteen davs aftei tbe filing of the report to demand the same
of the Secretary of the Inteuor, upon depositing the said
appraised value m the said district court to the credit of such
owner or owners respectively, shall be vested in the United
States. And the- Secretary of the Interior is hereby author-
ized and required to pay to the several owner or owners
respective]}' the appraised value of the several premises, as
specified m the leport of the «*aid commissioners, or pay into
court by deposit, as hereinbefore piovided, the said appraised
values, and the sum necessary for such purpose is hereby
appropriated out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise nppiopriated.
Eighty-first amendment: ✓
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said com-
missioners are heiebv authorized to employ a clerk to pre-
pare and transcribe the said report so to be made by them,
and the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authorized to
pav to each of said commissioners and the said clerk, tor
{heir respective services, such compensation as lie may deem
just and reasonable, and the sum necessary for that purpose
is hereby appropriated.
Eighty-second amendment:
Sec. —. A nd be it further enacted, That upon the title to
the property herein and hereby appropriated for public u*>e
becoming vested in the United States, as provided in the
preceding sections, the Commissioner of Public Buildings
is authouzed to enter and take possession of the property
so appropriated, without suit or process.
Eighty-third amendment;
Sec. —. And be it further engctefy That the sum of
$66,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for fill-
ing up and leveling the public grounds around the Capitol
as herein enlarged, and'removing the buildings therefrom.
Eighty-fifth amendment:
Sec. —. And be it farther enacted, That tbe Secretary of
the Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed
to settle, upon principles of equity and justice, the accounts
of the contractor for the erectwn of the United States cus-
tom-house at San Francisco, California, and to pay to said
contiactor, out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated,'Whatever amount may be found to be
justly due to him under the said contract, and that before
making any payment the Secretary of the Treasury shall
report the result of his examination to Congress.
Eighty-ninth amendment:
, Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be authorized to allow and pay to-tJeorgo Chor-
penning, Jr , contractor on mail routes numbers 5066 and
12801, between Salt Lake, in Utah Territory, and California,
the full contract pay during the suspension of Woodward
& Chorpcnning's contract, 1853, and also to allow to said
Chorpenning a pro rata increase of compensation equal to
the increased distance for carrying the mails on route num-
ber 5066, around by San Pedro in the winter 'months, and
for supplying tbe post office in Carson's Valley, during the
whole time when such services were performed, and also
to allow and pay to said Chorpenning a ju<t and reasonable
compensation for carrying eastern or Independence mail
over loute numbered 12801 under his present contract, and
also to allow and pay to said contractor at the rate of
$30,000 from the 22d of April, 1853, to the 30th of June,
1854, on route number 5066, and that the rate of compensa-
tion on route number 12301, from Salt Lake to San Pedro,
shall be $25,000 per annum: Provided, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authouzed to .annul said
contract, by giving three months' picvious notice to the said
contractoi, should the public interest, m his opinion, demand
such action.
Ninety-fourth amendment:
Sec. —. And he it further enactcd, That the provisions
of the sixth section of the act in addition to certain acts
granting bounty land to certain officer-* and soldiers who
have been engaged in the military service of the United
States be extended to all lands entered with scrip issued to
the Choctaw Indians growing out of the treaty of 1830.
Ninety-fifth amendment:
And be it further enacted, That the President be, and he
is hereby, authorized m the event that it shall become ne-
cessaiy to extinguish by purchase for tbe use of the United
States, the title to any lanrU within the limits of Sebastian
Indian military reserve in California, the title to which has
been confirmed, at a price not exceeding $1 95 per acre,
and an extent not exceeding forty-nine thousand acres, and
thatthe amountaiecessary foi this puichaseis hereby appro-
priated: Provided, That ihe President shall be first satisfied
of the validity of^aidconflictingtitle, and of the expediency
of continuing said reseive: And provided further, That in
lieu of said reseive he may cause other lands to be selected
and appiopiialed, of equal amount, for such puipose.
Ninety-seventh amendment:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$20,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be paid
to the deputy postmasters of distributing offices, so as to
allow them, with the commissions or allowances alieady
received by them since the 30th of Juno, 1853, a quartet ly
compensation of $500.
One hundredth amendment*
Sec   And he it further enacted, That whenever a line
or lines of American steamers shall be started from a port or
ports in Europe, tbe proprietors of such line or lines may, if
they or either of them see fit, notify the Postmaster Gen-
eial of their contemplated arrangements, and of their will-
ingness to receive on board such mails as are destined to and
fiomsuch foreign ports, and to deliver the same at their re-
spective destinations, under such regulations as now apply
to the ocean mail service of the United States, so far as the
mails are concerned ; and thereupon n shall be the duty of
the Postmaster General to cause such mails to be made up
to and from Europe, and to cause the same to be delivered
on board of such steamers respectively, at a proper hour
prior to their departure. In consideration of such service,
the Postmaster General shall pay to the propnctois of the
line or lines performing such service, the amount of the
postage collccted for the tiansportation of such mail matter,
to be paid as received, or at such tunes as may be agreed
upon: Provided, however. That "aid hne or lines, having
such ymted States mails on boaid, shall not depart from
the United States on the same days that may be designated
for the departuie of any of our present ocean mail lines.
One hundred and first amendment:
Sec.—. And be it further enactcd, That the sum of
$30,000 be, and the same is hereby, appiopnated, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, tp en-
able the President of the United States to procure, or cause
to be procured, a suitable site, or sites, for a buildms or
buildings for a custom-house, post office and couit-nomp,
in the citv of Trenton, in the Stat<J oi New Jersey, and for
a post office and court-house at Little Rock,Aikan-as; and
the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby lequired to cause
to be prepared and submitted to Congress at as earlv a day
as practicable, plans and estimates for the eonstiuction of
a building or buildings on such -site or sites, together with
