
Nazro, Twenty-sixth Illinois, as division quartermaster, has greatly assisted me by his attention and efficiency in the discharge of his arduous duties; Second Lieutenant James E. Merriman, Twenty-sixth Illinois, acting aide-de-camp, also deserves mention for his action efforts until thrown out of activity by indisposition. I am informed by General Plummer that Lieutenant William B. Gaw, aide-de-camp on my staff, rendered to him very important services in the construction of the batteries at Point Pleasant and in making reconnaissances of the vicinity. In justice to the Second Michigan Cavalry, I should mention the cool and soldierly bearing of a portion of it detailed by the commanding general as an escort to myself on a reconnaissance ordered by him March 3,1 862. From their ranks the first blood was drawn on that day, and though, to their chagrin, early ordered back by me, I am satisfied they would unhesitatingly have advanced wherever ordered. Captain Sands, Eleventh Ohio Battery, has on all occasions exhibited fine soldierly conduct, as the accompanying report exhibits.

I inclose the reports of Colonel Worthington and Colonel Perczel; also that of Major Robertson; to all of which your attention is invited.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SCHUYLER HAMILTON,

Brigadier General Vols., U. S. Army, Commanding Second Division..

Captain GEORGE A. WILLIAMS,

Chief of Staff.

Numbers 12. Reports of Colonel William H. Worthington, Fifty Iowa Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 2nd DIV., ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, March 22, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the expedition under my command on the night of the 4th instant:

I left camp at 9 p. m., accompanied by Colonel Smith, of the Forty-third Ohio Infantry, with his command, and two guns of the Missouri and two of the Michigan artillery, together with five companies of the Fifth Iowa Infantry and two of the Fifty-ninth Indiana Infantry, of my brigade. Proceeding cautiously, with skirmisher on either side of my advance, to the suburbs of the town, skirmishers on either side of my advance, to the suburbs of the town, I came upon the picket side of my advance, to the suburbs of the town, I came upon the pickets of the enemy, who were posted in strong force. Receiving their fire, which was immediately returned, we drove them back. The guns of the Michigan battery were immediately brought into position on the left side of the road leading into town, near an old church, and opened a fire of shell upon the town. In a few seconds the guns of the Missouri battery, supported by Colonel Smith's command, were brought into position upon the right side of the road, and opened fire immediately. The enemy responded with very heavy guns, and soon obtained our exact range and distance; but few of their shells exploded, their fire coming form one gunboat stationed at the lower fort, one opposite the town, and one above the town. Our firing continued until the ammunition of the artillery was nearly exhausted, when the entire command was withdraw in good order to the camp.

The conduct of all the troops engaged, both officers and men, was

