
Numbers 14. Report of Colonel Nicholas Perczel, Tenth Iowa Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

ON BOARD STEAMBOAT CITY OF ALTON, April 19, 1862.

SIR: In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 11, I have the honor to report as follows:

The Tenth Regiment Iowa Volunteers and Twenty-sixth Regiment Missouri Volunteers formed the Second Brigade of your division, then in camp near New Madrid. On the 12th of March the Second Division had been ordered out in the morning at 5 o'clock, and took position in the center of the line of battle formed by the whole army towards New Madrid, the Second Brigade in the second line. At 3 o'clock in the morning, we marched to the right of New Madrid, to relieve the division of General Stanley, and had to protect our batteries operating against the lower fort of the rebels. The Second Brigade was drawn up in a corn field, a small wooded land separating them from the rebel batteries. According to your orders, a company as skirmishers had been thrown forward under Captain Randleman, who at 7 o'clock a. m. reported that 2 men had come to them with a flag of truce, asserting that New Madrid and all its forts had been evacuated the night previous by the rebels. I reported the case to you, and received your orders to send a field officer and 20 men ot New Madrid, that he may inquire if the statement be true. I detailed Major McCalla, accordingly, who entered the rebel forts, found them deserted, and reported to this effect. You then ordered four companies, one from each regiment of your division, to occupy the town and the forts, which being accomplished, the Second Brigade was ordered back into camp.

On the 7th of April the Second Brigade, with the rest of your division, marched to New Madrid, went on board steamboat, and was disembarked towards evening about 3 miles below New Madrid. The line of march having been ordered, we marched about 4 miles in the wake of the troops which preceded us, and bivouacked in the woods.

April 8, in the morning, renewed our march at 9 o'clock a. m. Received the news of the evacuation of Island Numbers 10 at 12 o'clock m.; received the news of the surrender of the rebel forces to General Pope at 2 o'clock p. m. Arrived at Tiptonville, encamped there, and returned April 10 ot our camp near New Madrid.

The men and officers behaved all very well. The greatest order was sustained throughout the whole operations. All had been ready and expected to encounter the enemy, and I do not think it boastful to assert that the Second Brigade of your fine division would not have been missing in the hour of deadly conflict.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

N. PERCZEL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div., Army Mississippi.

Lieutenant WILLIAM C. RUSSELL,

Act. Asst. Adjt. General, Div., Army Mississippi.

