
At 2 o'clock a. m. of the 8th a flag of truce, borne by the adjutant-general of Brigadier General W. W. Mackall, was conducted to my headquarters. He brought a written communication from General Mackall, tendering the unconditional surrender about 3,900 men, besides the prisoners taken during the day before and straggling parties picked up by scouts. The whole force captured exceeded 5,000 men. A large amount of heavy and light artillery, muskets, stores, &amp;c., were also taken. I beg leave to refer General Pope to the reports of Colonel Morgan and Colonel Cumming, transmitted herewith. In Colonel Cumming's report will be found a very clear statement of all public property taken from the enemy.

I cannot close this report without referring to the very prompt and energetic manner in which command an officer can accomplish their duties. With a brave and willing command an officer can accomplish any duty required of him. I am under obligations to Colonel Scott, Assistant Secretary of War, and to Major Butler, of General Pope's staff, for their efficient assistance on the morning of the 8th instant.

Respectfully submitted.

E. A. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Division.

Major SPEED BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 16. Reports of Colonel James D. Morgan, Tenth Illinois Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Bird's Point, March 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I returned last evening with Captain Noleman's cavalry. The expedition your ordered to Sikeston, under my command, was not as successful as I could have wished. Jeff. Thompson escaped, as usual. After running him some twenty-four hours he made a stand some 3 miles below Sikeston, on the New Madrid road. He was attacked by Captain Noleman's First Illinois Cavalry; Company K, Twenty-second Regiment Illinois Volunteers, under the command of Lieutenant Buchanan, and a detachment of the Tenth Illinois Volunteers of 30 men, under the command of Lieutenant Gallion, same regiment (Company D). A running fight took place and resulted in the defeat of Jeff. Thompson, the capture of three 1-pounder cannon, one flag, one killed, several wounded, and a number of prisoners, including a captain and lieutenant. During the engagement two companies Seventh Illinois Cavalry made a charge and captured one piece of artillery; the other two were taken by captain Noleman's company.

The pursuit was continued to within 4 miles of New Madrid; some say two miles and a half. Captain Burrell's company (First Illinois Cavalry) did not come up in time to take part in the engagement. The Twenty-second Illinois Volunteers were on the march to Sikeston on the Benton road, and the Tenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers 9 miles north of Sikeston. From al the information I could get it was thought impossible for Jeff. Thompson to return by any other than the Benton

