
road, or I should have had all my command at Sikenton except the cavalry.

Captain Noleman deserves credit for his activity and perseverance in the pursuit and the part taken in the engagement. Like credit is due to the officers and men of the infantry engaged.

The cannon and prisoners taken were left in charge of General Pope's command.

Yours, truly,

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Colonel Tenth Regiment Illinois Volunteers.

General E. A. PAINE,

Commanding Cairo and Dependencies.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION, Camp near New Madrid, Mo., April 11, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the part taken by the brigade under my command so directly under your personal observation and direction during the recent movements of the Army of the Mississippi that I deem it entirely unnecessary to make a formal and detailed report. Our march to the transports; our embarkation; crossing the river; our disembarking; our march to Tiptonville; the utter rout of the rebels; the number of prisoners taken during the day and night of the 7th instant; the arrival of officer at our picket lines, and the surrender with which he was intrusted of General Mackall and his whole command; the arrival of the Second Brigade at our camp on the morning of the 8th instant, and the rapid march from Tiptonville of the Tenth and Sixteenth Regiments to the upper ferry at Reelfoot Lake, and the success met with in the additional capture of prisoners, and our safe return to this our present camp without the loss of a single man, all took place under your own eye and observation. I will only add that every officer and man of my command did his whole duty with a promptness and soldierlike coolness that met my entire approbation, as I hope it will yours.

JAMES D. MORGAN,Colonel, Commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division.

General E. A. PAINE,

Commanding Fourth Division.

Numbers 17. Report of Colonel Gilbert W. Cumming, Fifty-first Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, 4TH DIV., ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Camp near New Madrid, April 10, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with orders received from your headquarters on Monday morning, April 7, 1862, I marched with the Second Brigade of your division, consisting of the Twenty-second and Fifty-first Illinois Regiments, to the upper fort at New Madrid, when we embarked on steamers and proceeded down the river, in company with the First Brigade, under Colonel Morgan. We landed at the enemy's battery on the Kentucky shore, about 6 miles below New Madrid, near

