
Watson's Landing, the guns of this battery having been silenced by the enemy feeling on our approach. Two large guns, a howitzer, and a quantity of ammunition were the trophies obtained at this battery. From this place we proceeded towards Tiptonville, Tenn., to which place we were informed the enemy had retreated. After marching about 1 1\2 miles from Watson's Landing I was informed that the enemy had left some valuable property in an artillery camp about half a mile on our right and that some negroes were plundering the property left there. I immediately halted the brigade, and, taking with me a company from each regiment, proceeded to his camp, and found there a large ammunition wagon, a forge wagon, and some tents and bedding, all in good order, and was also informed that two field pieces which the enemy had attempted to take with them had been abandoned some distance from this camp. I stationed a guard at this place to prevent the captured property from being plundered, and sent an officer back to the gunboats to have a force detailed to take the field pieces, ammunition wagon, and other property found here to the landing. The brigade was then ordered forward, and overtook the First Brigade some 4 or 5 miles from the landing, at a point where the road branches off to Island Numbers 10.

Here I received your order to reconnoiter this road as far as the river. I immediately threw forward two companies as skirmishers, one on each side of the road, and in this way proceeded about a mile, which brought me to the river and in full view of the famous Island Numbers 10. Here we took some 5 or 6 prisoners, who informed us that the enemy had not over 500 men at the island, the rest having retreated towards Tiptonville. Upon receiving this information I at first determined to take the island, but finding no boats with which to reach it, and having received your order to push on to Tiptonville after making this reconnaissance, I was obliged to abandon the idea of taking the island, and proceed with my brigade to within 1 1\2 miles of Tiptonville, where I learned the enemy was encamped. Having also learned that you had passed the enemy's left with the First Brigade and cut off his retreat in that direction, we took a position on his right flank, with our left resting on an impenetrable swamp which extended along the enemy's rear, and sent an orderly officer to inform you of my position. By these movements the enemy was prevented from moving in any direction except towards the river, where two of our gunboats were already stationed.

In this position we posted a strong guard, and slept upon our arms in sight of the enemy's camp-fires and within hearing of his drums. About midnight Captain Houghtaling joined us with part of his battery. Here we expected to give the enemy battle, but finding themselves hemmed in, they surrendered without striking a blow. Soon after the surrender I was ordered by Major-General Pope to take charge of the prisoners, who were about 3,000 in number, including Generals Mackall and Gantt, and for this purpose formed my brigade on two sides of an open square. The prisoners were formed in close column of divisions, guarded by Houghtaling's battery in front, the Twenty-second Illinois on their right flank, the Fifty-first Illinois in their rear, and their left towards the timber, which was soon after occupied by other troops. I was also ordered by General Pope to take charge of the arms and property taken with the enemy, and for this purpose kept my brigade on duty during the day and through the terrible storm Tuesday night without shelter and during the day on Wednesday,

