
when both regiments were sent to New Madrid in charge of the prisoners and a portion of the captured property.

The kind and quantity of property captured I beg leave to specify in a report by itself, and cannot close this report without referring to the good conduct of my command. I am greatly indebted to the officers of both regiments for the energetic and ready manner in which my orders were executed, and also to the men for their willing obedience. Through the fatigue of the march, exposure to the worst of storms, without shelter through the whole of one night and day, and the constant duty required, I am proud to say that both of officers and men performed their entire duty with cheerfulness and zeal, which entitles them all to great praise. I may, therefore, be pardoned the indulgence of a gratified pride in the soldierly qualities and conduct of the officers and men of my command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. CUMMING,

Colonel 51st Ill. Vols., Commanding Second Brigade.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE,

Commanding Fourth Division, Army of the Mississippi.

Numbers 18. Report of Brigadier General Joseph B. Plummer, U. S. Army, commanding Fifth Division.

HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Camp near Point Pleasant, Mo., March 27, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with the request of the general commanding, I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my division since I assumed command of it:

I marched with my command from our camp near New Madrid about 12 o'clock m. on the 5th instant for this point. The command was composed of the Eleventh Missouri, Lieutenant-Colonel Panabaker; the Twenty-sixth and Forty-seventh Illinois, under Colonels Loomis and Bryner; a squadron of cavalry of the Second and Third Michigan, commanded by Captain Godley, of the former regiment; Captain Powell's battery of four pieces of the First Missouri Light Artillery, and one company of Engineer troops, under command of Major Hasie, Three other companies of cavalry which accompanied me were distributed by the general's order as picket-guards along the road.

The march was made by a circuitous route, for the purpose of avoiding 5 miles of road upon the river bank, upon which we would have been exposed to a fire from the enemy's gunboats. My object was to reach Point Pleasant about dark, take possession of the town, and establish my batteries and rifle pits during the night. But at dark I found I was between 3 and 4 miles from the town, my men extremely fatigued by a march of 14 miles over a very bad road, and unfitted for labor. I therefore concluded to bivouac and wait for daylight, which I did without fires.

During the night the town was reconnoitered, and I ascertained there were none of the enemy's forces thee. Early on the following morning I approached with my whole command within a mile and a

8 R R-VOL III

