
road and country bridges had both been destroyed, the banks were precipitate, and the crossings miry, but the crossing was made with alacrity. At 7 p. m. it was too dark to proceed, so I ordered a halt in a lane. We bivouacked, two companies of cavalry in front, artillery in battery in the lane, the Twenty-seventh on the right, the Fifteenth on the left, and Hutchens' cavalry in the rear. I ordered all the houses in the vicinity to be strictly guarded. I detained every one at Mr. Lawson's (a rebel) house. I learned he had been apprised of our advance by one of his neighbors, and apprehended information had reached Union City.

At dawn the column moved. It was in the same order as the day before. It was a little over 4 miles to Union City. We had not stopped for breakfast. Before 7 a. m. we were in sight of the rebel camp, at the distance of half a mile. I formed my plan of attack, which was executed as the column marched up in succession. First, Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg formed his cavalry in front and gallantly led it on. While it was forming in the swampy woods the rebel pickets fired fifteen shots, which was their first notice of our approach. The Twenty-seventh Regiment was next formed in line of battle and led by Lieutenant-Colonel Harrington over obstacles in perfect order. The company of artillery was led by Captain Sparrestrom through an opening made in the Twenty-seventh for their passage. While passing to take their position the enemy's cavalry was seen drawn up in line of battle, about 700 in number, opposite Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg, who opened fire on them with carbines. The rebel infantry was seen huddled in squads, but did not form in line. As the artillery advanced, led gallantly by Captain Sparrestrom and followed by Major Stolbrand, who was suffering form a contusion occasioned by a fall from his horse and unable to ride but full of enthusiasm, Colonel Heg led up his regiment and formed in line of battle on the left, facing the rebel cavalry, which outflanked ours in that direction. Quickly the artillery had attained the hill in full view of both camps, one of which was tents and the other wooden huts, with a parade ground of about 40 acres between the, and opened fire. The whistle of the departing engine was heard, leaving three cars at the depot, and the stampede of infantry, cavalry, loose horses, and citizens was complete. The artillery moved forward, and the cavalry and infantry marched into the camps.

The artillery fired twenty-seven shots. The infantry did not draw a trigger. By my order Captain Hutchens made a detour to the right and captured 14 prisoners. Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg, with one company, went into Union City to call the citizens to a conference with me. He found they had run into the woods, with few exceptions. Our work was accomplished. We had surprised the command of Colonel Edward Pickett, commanding a brigade of one regiment, the Twenty-first Tennessee Infantry, numbering, as their morning report shows (we captured the books) 616 men, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Tilman, and one regiment of cavalry, commanded by Colonel Jackson, all of whom ran before they could see how large a force was attacking them. I ordered both camps to be burned, which was effectually done. Powder exploded in many of the tents. I captured 100 mules and horses and 12 wagons, also a lot of sabers and carbines, which were brought off. I had the telegraph pole next the depot destroyed, which were brought off. I had the telegraph pole next the depot destroyed, and ran the three cars away from the depot, took out the baggage and mail matter, and ordered the cars set on fire. I found provisions and goods in the railroad depot, but concluded not to destroy any useful buildings. I

