
loaded up all the wagons we took with the articles captured and could not bring away more. The troops had not breakfasted, were weary, and had a march of 15 miles before them. In two hours after arriving we marched in the same order we had advanced, except placing Captain Hutchens' cavalry company as a rear guard. We captured three large flags and two guidons, all of silk, and one of them with elegantly embroidered letters, "Victory or Death."

We burned all the baggage, clothing, and provisions, so that if the enemy returned they must have found themselves destitute. I think we destroyed 50 trunks and more than 100 stand of arms.

It gives me great pleasure to speak of the good conduct of all the officers and men under my command. They had been confined for fifteen days on the transports near this place; they marched 30 miles in a little less than twenty-four hours; they slept on the ground; they made no fire; they respected all private property; they obeyed all my orders with cheerful alacrity; they almost here before night. When did troops behave better? They made but one complaint, and that was that the enemy would not stand. My thanks are due to Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg, Lieutenant-Colonel Harringtn, Colonel Heg, Captain Sparrestrom, and Captain Hutchens (I named them in the order of march), and all the officers and soldiers in their commands. With such troops any commander would feel sure of victory. I had but one staff officer with me, Adjt. Henry A. Rust, of the Twenty-seventh Regiment, who exhibited, as he did at Belmont, all the qualities of a gallant soldier, worthy to be a commander.

Lieutenant-Colonel Hogg had provided me with two trusty guides. His judgment was only equaled by his gallantry. As my place was in front of Island Numbers 10, to co-operate with our gallant Navy and its war commander, Flag-Officer Foote, I felt compelled to return as soon as the main object was accomplished.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

N. B. BUFORD,

Colonel, Commanding in the Field.

Major-General HALLECK.

Numbers 20. Report of Colonel Washington L. Elliott, Second Iowa Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND IOWA CAVALRY, Camp near Madrid, Tenn., April 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with orders from Brigadier-General Granger, commanding cavalry division, I proceeded on the 7th, with the band and companies K and L (Hepburn's battalion), the advance of my regiment, to the Tennessee shore,re porting on my arrival, about 2.30 a. m., at Watson's farm, to Major-General Pope. By him I was ordered to proceed at daylight to the camp of the enemy opposite Island Numbers 10. Adjutant Schnitzer, First Battalion, Second Iowa Cavalry, was detailed, with 12 men, as an advance guard. About 1 1\2 miles below the foot of the island I found a 9 or 12 pounder gun protected by an earthwork; half a mile above this, an earthwork-upon this the enemy had been at work the day of the evacuation; half a mile

