
above another work completed, but without armament. Near the latter is a ravine, which contained a large amount of ordnance stores and provisions.

Before reaching this ravine I had placed a guard over steamboats, wharf-boats, and prisoners, consisting of soldiers, deck-hands, and laborers recently employed on the fortifications of the enemy's then moved up through the camp of the enemy with my command, collecting prisoners as I marched up. Observing that one of our transports with troops was approaching from Island Numbers 10 I went to meet her. Met Adjutant Schnitzer returning from the upper batteries of the Tennessee and Kentucky shore. A few minutes after I met General Buford with a party of troops, and reported to him the condition of the boats; suggested to him that if an engineer and crew could be put on the Admiral she would be of service to convey the prisoners to General Pope; also asked that I might be permitted to ut the 200 prisoners taken by me in charge of his troops, and was referred by him to Colonel Heg, with whom I left my prisoners. having ascertained that the camps above were entirely evacuated, General Buford having force sufficient to collect the prisoners and property and guard them, I returned with my command to Watson's farm. Finding that the commanding general had gone of General Hamilton, commanding, remained until ordered back to camp to-day.

I could not procure an American flag to place over the camp of the enemy. The guidons of my companies and standard of my regiment were the first flags to take the place of those of the rebels.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. ELLIOTT,

Colonel Second Iowa Cavalry.

The ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL.

Headquarters Department of the Mississippi.

Numbers 21. Reports of Flag-Office Andrew H. Foote, U. S. Navy.

UNITED STATES STEAMER BENTON, Off Island Numbers 10, April 2, 1862.

GENERAL: Last night an armored boat expedition was fitted out from the squadron and the land forces at this point, under command of Colonel Roberts, of the Forty-second Illinois Regiment. The five boats comprising the expedition were in charge of First Master J. T. Johnson, of the Saint Louis, assisted by Fourth Master, G. P. Lord, of the Benton; Fourth Master Pierce, of the Cincinnati; fourth Master Morgan, of the Pittsburgh, and Master's Mate Scoville, of the Mound City, each of the Pittsburg in all 100 men, exclusive of officers, under command of Colonel Roberts.

At midnight the boats reached the upper or Numbers 1 fort, and pulling directly in face, carried it, receiving only the harmless fire of two sentinels, who ran on the discharge of their muskets, while the rebel troops in the vicinity rapidly retreated, whereupon Colonel Roberts spiked the six guns mounted in the fort and retired with the boats uninjured.

