
lining the Tennessee shore, to join your forces at New Madrid. By a previous concerted signal of three minute-guns twice fired at intervals of five minutes, which have since been heard as far as the heavy thunder would enable us to ascertain, leads me to hope that the blockade has been run successfully, although the batteries opened on her with forty-seven guns while passing. I am therefore so exceedingly anxious to hear the fate of the noble officers and men who so readily were disposed to attempt the hazardous service, that I beg you will immediately inform me by bearer if Commander Walke has arrived with his vessel and the condition in which you find her and her officers and men.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer.

Numbers 22. Report of Commander Henry Walke, U. S. Navy, commanding U. S. gun-boat Carondelet.

U. S. GUNBOAT CARONDELET, April 7, 1862.

SIR: Agreeably to your instructions of the 6th instant, I proceeded down the Mississippi about 6.30 this morning. Attacked, silenced, and spiked all the guns of the rebel batteries opposite your batteries. The lower one made a desperate resistance. It consisted of two 64-pounder howitzers and one 32-pounder gun. Two were dismounted and the other disabled by our shots. I then took and spiked temporarily a 64-pounder howitzer about half a mile above, and a quarters of a mile above that found a 64-pounder spiked. I took on board a man who reported himself to me as a spy, whom I send to you. The rebels had set fire to a house on the shore.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. WALKE,

Commander, U. S. Navy.

Major General JOHN POPE,

Commanding U. S. Forces, New Madrid.

Numbers 23. Reports of Thomas A. Scott, Assistant Secretary of War.

NEAR ISLAND Numbers 10, MISSISSIPPI RIVER, April 2,1 862.

DEAR SIR: I returned to this point Monday afternoon and found all quiet, but there were several small matters in progress, all of which have proved successful.

Before leaving for Cairo on Saturday night Colonel Buford, in command of infantry forces, consulted Commodore Foote and myself in regard tot he propriety of making a dash upon Union city to break up the rebel encampment there, which it was believed consisted of one regiment of infantry and one of cavalry. It was left with Colonel Buford, as commander, to act as in his judgment seemed proper.

He left Sunday morning by steamers to Hickman with 1,500 infantry,

