
fort on Tennessee shore and spike the guns. Commodore Foote furnished boats and crews. About 11 p. m. they drove sentinels away and spiked every gun, some of which were of heavy caliber. Great credit is due the commanders, their officers and men, for the successful results of both expeditions. Transports by the new channel will not reach New Madrid before Thursday. I spent several hours with Bissell yesterday. Report fully by mail.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Numbers 24. Report of General G. T. Beauregard, C. S. Army, commanding Army of the Mississippi.

CORINTH, April 1, 1862.

Bombardment of Madrid Bend and Island Numbers 10 commenced on 15th instant; continued constantly since, night and day. Enemy has fired several thousand 13-inch and rifle shells. On the 17th a grand attack with five gunboats lasted nine hours. The result of bombardment to 28th instant is no our side. One man killed, none seriously wounded, and no damage to batteries. Enemy had one gunboat disabled and another reported sunk.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 25. Reports of Major General John P. McCown, C. S. Army, commanding at Madrid Bend.*

MADRID BEND, March 1, 1862-9 p. m.

DEAR COLONEL: The enemy's chased General Jeff. Thompson from Sikeston to-day-he says one regiment. Their main force yesterday was reported at Benton, said to be 25,000 or 30,000, including one mortar and siege pieces.

When I arrived here, four days since, I found little done. I now have fifteen guns mounted. I did not get any artillery soldiers until this evening. I have strengthened the work at New Madrid as much as possible, even to putting an abatis round it. It stands near the shore, and can at this stage of water be flanked by the gunboats here. It is garrisoned by two regiments of Arkansas troops, under command of Colonel Gantt.

I am constructing a work on the bank of the river near the bayou. This can also be flanked by the gunboats. This is garrisoned by three regiments, two regiments under Colonel Walker, and I send two to-

---------------

*See also McCown's dispatches between these dates in "Correspondence, etc.," post.

---------------

