
Colonel Henderson's Fortieth Tennessee Regiment; Colonel Baker's Tennessee, Alabama, and Mississippi Regiment; Colonel Gantt's Twelfth Arkansas Regiment; Colonel Smith's Eleventh Arkansas Regiment; Colonels Brown's and Clark's Tennessee Regiments; Colonel Steedman's First Alabama Regiment, and Colonel Terry's Arkansas Battalion.

March 18, I arrived at Fort Pillow.

March 19, received orders to return to Madrid Bend.

March 20, arrived below Tiptonville.

March 21, established my headquarters at Madrid Bend. the enemy has continued the bombardment up to this date.

March 31, turned the command over to Brigadier General W. W. Mackall. The enemy's gunboats still above Island Numbers 10.

After the evacuation of New Madrid I retained at the island a number of transports, for watch boats, hospitals, and other purposes, as a last resort, had I been compelled to abandon my position, to have carried my command bellow.

In this kong conflict I beg to express my obligations to Brigadier Gens. A. P. Stewart and L. M. Walker and Colonel Travis, who at different times commanded the force at the mouth of the bayou. I express my tanks for valuable services rendered in that capacity. Lieutenant-Colonel Avery has my thanks and admiration for the gallantry exhibited in repelling a strong picket force of the enemy and remaining at his post under the most galling fire.

I would recommend to your consideration Captain Bankhead, commanding artillery in the upper fort, and Captain J. W. Stewart, commanding artillery in Fort Thompson, for the energy and ability displayed during the occupation of New Madrid.

Colonel Gantt, who commanded Fort Thompson, and afterwards, troops to prevent a crossing from the Missouri side, acted with energy, gallantry, and intelligence. Colonel Neely's Fourth Tennessee and Colonel Scott's Twelfth Louisiana Regiments at different times went to Madrid and did picket duty, rendering valuable services. The services rendered by Brigadier General James Trudeau were invaluable, and he deserves reward.

Colonel Steedman's First Alabama Regiment rendered gallant and efficient service in Battery Numbers 1 on the 17th instant.

Colonel A. J. Brown, of the Fifty-fifth Tennessee, assisted the exhausted cannoneers with a detachment of his men on the 17th, rendering valuable service, and at all times has displayed great zeal and energy.

Captain Rucker, commanding Battery Numbers 1, defended his battery under adverse circumstances with an obstinate courage worthy of praise, and was gallantly sustained by his lieutenant (Saunders) and Lieutenant T. J. Finnie, who volunteered and went to his battery.

Captain Humes, commanding artillery on the island, deserves commendation for his energy and proper bearing at times. Captain Harris, Engineers; Captain Gray, Topographical Engineers; and Captain Cummings, signal officer, rendered gallant and valuable services; Captain Wintter, Sappers and Miners, and Lieutenant Tidmarsh, of Ordnance, aside from their valuable services in their respective departments, rendered good service in gallantly supplying Battery Numbers 1 with ammunition under a terrific fire from the gunboats. Captain Thomas Johnston, commanding Southern Guards (artillery), has rendered efficient service, and has at all times acted with great vigilance and energy. Captain R. A. Stewart, commanding Point Coupee Artillery, a

9 R R-VOL VIII

