
gallant and watchful soldier, rendered valuable services. Lieutenant-Colonel Cook, commanding Twelfth Arkansas, and Major McKay, commanding Fourth Arkansas Battalion, have been active and vigilant in the discharge of their duties. Colonel Kennedy and his regiment, and Captain Flemming, with a portion of his company, labored hard and Captain Flemming, with a portion of his company, labored hard and untiringly in getting of the troops opposite Island Numbers 10, labored assiduously in discharge of his duties.

I wish here to express my gratitude to Commander G. N. Hollins, flag-officer, commanding fleet, for his gallant and cordial co-operation.

To my staff, Major H. S. Bradford, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant B. N. Mathews, acting assistant adjutant-general; Capts. H. S. Foote, jr., and G. P. Smoote, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant Em. Ross,, acting aide-de-camp; Major W. E. Dyer, division quartermaster; Major P. T. Glass, division quartermaster; Major P. T. Glass, division commissary; and Dr. W. B. Thornton, attached to headquarters, rendered valuable and efficient services; and, in fact, to each and every officer and soldier I feel grateful for the wiling discipline with which they labored, watched, and fought in the presence of and with an overpowering force for over thirty days.

For further information I inclose document A, Captain Rucker's report [Numbers 34]; document B, Captain Wintter's [Numbers 31]; document C, Colonel E. W. Gantt' [Numbers 36]; document D, Colonel Steedman's [Numbers 39]; document E, Colonel Brown's [Numbers 42]; document F, Captain Gray's [Numbers 29]; and document G, General J. Trudeau's [Numbers 32.]

No reports received from either General A. P. Stewart or General Walker, who were charged with the evacuation of New Madrid.

Respectfully submitted.

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 5, 1862.

COLONEL: I have only this moment received your of the 29 th ultimo, directing me to make a detailed report of the evacuation of New Madrid with as little delay as possible.

I forwarded by Captain Blake and Captain Cummings all the papers I could procure on the subject.

New Madrid was evacuated on the night of the 13th ultimo. The duties imposed upon Generals Stewart and Walker for several days after the evacuation prevented their making a report.

I had directed to Generals Stewart and Walker for several days after the evacuation prevented their making a report.

I had directed to Generals Stewart and Walker the following orders. I have never received any report from either. Both officers are now beyond my control. However, I do not attribute their failure to a desire to avoid the matter, but to official duties and illness.

As I stated in my report, General Stewart was charged with the evacuation of Fort Thompson and General Walker with that of upper work.

I have taken measures to procure facts from other sources, which will be forwarded as soon as obtained.

Will you direct Generals Stewart and Walker to make their reports?

Yours, &amp;c.,

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN.

