
[Inclosures.]
HEADQUARTERS, Madrid Bend, March 15, 1862.

Brigadier-General WALKER:

SIR: The general commanding directs that you report to him the circumstances attending the evacuation of the upper fort, which was committed to your directions. The general, having learned of the extraordinary precipitation of the evacuation, directs that you report, without reference to the sensitiveness of any one, no matter what rank.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,H. S. BRADFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Madrid Bend, March 29, 1862.

Brigadier General A. P. STEWART:

Send report of operations at and evacuation of New Madrid.

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 9, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Adjutant-General, Corinth:

COLONEL: In looking over my correspondence I find that I have not called direct attention to a correspondence with General Pope. I sent the correspondence with General Pope's report.

I am earnest for an investigation of my official and personal acts while in command at Madrid Bend. I respectfully request a court of inquiry at the earliest date possible.

G. P. Smoote, one of my aides, will deliver this, and if a court be ordered, an investigation can at once commence at that place, examining the witnesses at Corinth; after which the court can come to this place.

If any reports have been sent direct to your office (not through me), I respectfully request copies.

Your obedient servant,

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General.

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 9, 1862.

[General POLK:]

DEAR GENERAL: I sincerely congratulate you upon the glorious victory that you and your command have acted so conspicuous a part. Since I left Island 10 I have had a severe attack of pneumonia. I am able to write to-day.

The pressure upon me for my report was so great that I was forced to dictate most of it from a sick bed, and of cause it is not full, and is imperfect. I regret, too, that General Stewart and General Walker have not made reports to me. However, I attribute it to official duties on the part of General S. and to sickness on the part of General Walker.

