
Numbers 28. Report of Major George W. Brent, C. S. Army, Acting Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss., April 15, 1862.

GENERAL: You will find annexed an abstract of the reports relating to the evacuation of New Madrid which came to my hands.* You will observe that the report of Commodore Hollins is wanting. There is a good deal of discrepancy in the reports and upon material points. A careful examination and analysis of the reports have led me to these conclusions:

1st. That the works at New Madrid could have held out longer, the enemy up to the date of evacuation having been several times signally repulsed.

2. That disorder and confusion prevailed at Fort Thompson on the night of the 13th, the men disinclined to obey orders, and orders given apparently without authority.

3rd. That sufficient means for transportation were not furnished when it was present.

4th. That had there been less haste and confusion, with the means of transportation which were on hand, our guns, or part at least, might have been saved.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Major and Acting Inspector-General.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD.

Numbers 29. Reports of Captain A. B. Gray, C. S. Army, Chief Engineer.

ENGINEER'S OFFICE,

March 29, 1862.

On the main-land, or left bank of the river, which is the Tennessee shore, and ranging for 2 miles above the island (Numbers 10), are eight earthworks. Twenty-six cannon are now mounted in these works, as follows, viz:+

Battery Numbers 1, called the Redan.-This battery is the uppermost work, and constructed for reasons given in letter of September 18, 1861 (a copy of which is herewith appended). It was located, after a rapid reconnaissance of a few hours, on August 15, the day on which the enemy's gunboats (two) passed down the river to New Madrid.

At daylight August 19 the work was commenced, and on the morning of the 20th two guns placed in position, since when none of the enemy have succeeded in descending the Mississippi below it. It was laid off as a redan and subsequently connected with flanks and a cre

---------------

*The abstract omitted embraced reports of March 1 and 31 from General McCown (Numbers 25); of March 15 from Flag-Officer Hollins (Numbers 44); of General Stewart, March 31 (Numbers 35); of General Gantt, March 17 (Numbers 36); and of Captain Harris, March 9 (Numbers 30).

+See maps following.

---------------

