
off immediately after hat fight. Prisoners of intelligence put the number at 500 warriors.

This report has been long delayed, but the apparent neglect will, it is hoped, be justified when it is considered by the Department that we have been constantly in the field on active service since the events reported until within the past two weeks, during which the placing of the troops in winter quarters has engaged my time and attention.

I have the honor, sir, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanidng Indian Department.

Hon. J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.

No. 2. Report of Captain M. J. Brinson, Ninth Texas Cavalry, of engagement at Round Mountain.

CAMP WILSON, Creek Nation, November 25, 1861.

SIR: I hereby transmit to you an account of the battle fought on the 19th instant:

The attack was brought on by the second squadron about sunset, composed of about 70 men. I was promptly aided on my right by Captain Berry and on my left by Captain McCool, who formed in my own, or second squadron. After firing from three to five rounds I perceived the enemy in strong position and force, numbering some 1,500 Indians,and flanking my small force upon the right and left, I had necessarily to fall back to the main command, some 2 1/2 miles, under a heavy retrating fire. The whole command - in which I fought my own squadron, Captain Berry's company, a part of McCool's, and a part of Captain Williams' company - I am confident did not amount to exceeding 150 men.

In my own company I regret to have to report the loss of John H. Crow, a private, killed. None wounded. One horse, 1 gun, and 5 powder-flasks lost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. J. BRINSON,

Commanding.

Lieutenant Co. WILLIAM QUAYLE.

No. 3. Reports of Captain R. A. Young, First Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment, of engagement at Round Mountain.

SPRINGFIELD CAMP, Cherokee Nation, November 30, 1861.

COLONEL: On the 19th instant, a little after night-fall, we were ordered to saddle up and amount our horses, and the order was given to march. After marching about 200 or 300 yards we were ordered to

