
and tendered him my services in that or any other way they might be needed at that point.

The general said he thought the redoubt would be in the way of the gunboats, if it were practicable to construct it in the presence of the enemy, and there was no need of my services at New Madrid at that time. My attention has, therefore, been confined to the works at this point in concert with Captain Gray. There has been no addition to our laboring force since you were here; it consist of about 200 negroes, 128 Irishmen, and Captain Wintters' very efficient company of Sappers and Miners, numbering about 40 men. These are aided by daily details of soldiers in the construction of the works, but here, as elsewhere, they are not very efficient with the spade. Should a larger force be sent here, we will need wheelbarrows, axes, spades, and shovels in proportion to the number sent, say for 1,000 laborers 300 axes, 500 wheelbarrows, 200 spades and shovels, in addition to what we now have.

Captain Gray thinks it would be advisable to send a special messenger from your headquarters to Memphis to see that we are supplied with the above-mentioned implements, if it is contemplated to work a large force here. Barrows, ha says, can only be procured from railroad contractors at Memphis or from houses that furnish the contractors with them.

Yours, very respectfully,

D. B. HARRIS,

Captain Engineers.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 31. Report of Captain D. Wintter, C. S. Engineers.
HEADQUARTERS SAPPERS AND MINERS,Madrid Bend, Mo., March 26, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to lay before you and extract of my journal, which shows the dates when the different guns were mounted:

I arrived from Columbus Sunday morning, February 23.

February 24, Monday, mounted one smooth-bore 32-pounder in Battery Numbers 1.

February 25, mounted two smooth-bore 32-pounders in Battery Numbers 1.

February 26, laid platform and mounted one 32-pounder in Battery Numbers 5.

February 27, mounted two smooth-bore 32-pounders in Battery Numbers 5.

February 28, mounted two smooth-bore 32-pounders in Battery Numbers 5.

March 1, mounted Lady Polk, jr., Numbers 1, on the island, and one smooth-bore in Battery Numbers 5.

March 2, mounted one columbiad, 8-pounder, on the island.

March 3, mounted one rifled gun in Battery Numbers 3.

March 4, mounted two rifled guns in Battery Numbers 3.

March 5, mounted one rifled gun in Battery Numbers 4, one rifled gun in Battery Numbers 2, and three smooth-bore 32-pounders on the island.

March 6, mounted two rifled guns in Battery Numbers 2 and one rifled gun in Battery Numbers 4.

March 7, mounted one rifled gun in Battery Numbers 4 and one smooth-bore 32-pounder in Battery Numbers 2.

