
halt and form, which we did, and then advanced [to with] in about 150 yards of the enemy and dismounted. While dismounting we were fired on and 2 of our horses shot. My men dismounted in good order, and I ordered them to advance and fire. We advanced 8 or 10 paces form our horses and fired, the enemy keeping up a constant fire on us. We loaded and fired the third and silenced the enemy's guns.

The prairie was on fire on my right, and as we advanced to the attack I could see very distinctly the enemy passing the fire, and I supposed a large body of men (200 or 300), but they were about 300 yards from me and the prairie was burning were rapidly, and I may have taken the motion of the grass for men.

I lost 6 horses in the fight; those that were not mortally wounded stampeded, and we could not find them next morning. I suppose the engagement lasted fifteen minutes.

I am, colonel, respectfully, yours,

R. A. YOUND,

Captain, Commanding Co. K, 1st Regiment C. and C. Mounted Rifles.

Colonel D. H. COOPER,

Commanding Indian Department.

--- --, 1861.

COLONEL: On the morning of December [November] 19 I was ordered to bring up the rear with my squadron, an about 6 miles from camp the rear guard sent me a message that they were attacked by the enemy. I immediately wheeled the squadron and went back to their assistance and got about half a mile, [when] I discovered the enemy retreating towards the creek. I formed, and Colonel Cooper rode up and ordered me to charge. After pursuing about 2 miles we came to the creek and I dismounted my men and advanced into the swamp, but not finding the enemy, I ordered the men to return to their horses and mount. My squadron was on the right of our command, and after I had mounted the squadron I received orders from Colonel Cooper to form on the left of the Texas regiment, and in order to get to the left of the Texas regiment I had to pass down the creek, and discovered the regiment coming up to my right, and about the same time discovered the enemy to my right in a bend of the creek, formed around a house. I formed and charged. We routed them from this position and followed them into the swamp 200 yards. They flanked us, and I fell back to the house in order to prevent them from surrounding us. We advanced on them a second time, and were compelled to fall back to the house in consequence of their flanking around. We had only 80 men in the squadron, while the enemy had 400 or 500, fighting us with all the advantages of the creek on us and a complete natural ambuscade to protect them.

I have to report the death of Private F. T. Rhodes and 9 others wounded in the squadron.

We fought them between three and five hours.

I am, colonel, respectfully, yours,

R. A. YOUNG,

Captain, Choctaw and Chickasaw Mounted Rifles, C. S. Army.

Colonel D. H. COOPER,

Commanding Indian Department.

