
March 8, made new chassis and carriages for three columbiads and three Dahlgrens,

March 9, mounted one columbiad in Battery Numbers 4; dismounted in Battery Numbers 5 one smooth-bore 32-pounder, and mounted for it one 32-pounder rifled gun.

March 10, dismounted in Battery Numbers 5 two smooth-bore 32- pounders and mounted for them two 64-pounders.

March 11, mounted on the island on Dahlgren and one smooth-bore 32-pounder.

March 12,-.

March 13, mounted on the island one Dahlgren and two smooth-bore 32-pounders.

March 14, mounted on the island one 8-inch columbiad and one smooth-bore 32-pounder.

March 15, mounted on the island one smooth-bore 32-pounder.

March 17, in the night, after the battle, mounted the 64-pounder in Battery Numbers 1, which was thrown out of her position.

March 18, fixed up a 64-pounder in Battery Numbers 1 which was out of order.

March 22, mounted on the island one columbiad in place of the burst Lady Polk.

I have the honor, general, with the highest consideration, to be your obedient servant,

D. WINTTER,

Captain of Engrs., Commanding Sappers and Miners, C. S. Army

Major General JOHN P. McCOWN, Commanding.

Numbers 32. Report of Brigadier General J. Trudeau, Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. FIRST DIV., WEST. DEPT., C. S. ARMY,Camp Polk, Madrid Bend, Mo., March 29, 1862.

GENERAL: I left Columbus on March 1 at 7 p. m. on board the steamer Grampus, in obedience to orders from Major General L. Polk, commanding First Division, Western Department, to report to you at this post. The companies of heavy artillery under my command had arrived already the same day, to wit: Capts. A. Jackson's, R. Sterling's, Humes', Hoadley's, Caruthers', Jones', Dismuke's, Rucker's, Fisher's, and Hamilton's (now Johnston's) siege battery, the Southern Guards. Captains Humes, Fisher, and Jones had been already ordered by General McCown to the island; the other companies were encamped in the rear of Battery Numbers 5.

I was struck with a painful amazement upon my arrival at finding that the post we were about to occupy was in measure fortified, and that unless we had some days of respite given us we were in no condition to stop the gunboats on their way down the river. We had three 64-pounders mounted upon navy carriages, three 32s and five smooth-bores (32s) on the bend on the island. The Belmont gun, mounted in haste, had to be put in battle order by setting the traverse circle, and one 8-inch columbiad.

Acting in obedience to your orders and with all possible dispatch I began immediately to prepare against any emergency by commencing

