
his death, although glorious, is felt deeply by the whole Artillery Corps. Several men were wounded, including Sergeant Posstlethwaite, but not seriously, and are all up now and have reported for duty.

The result of our fire on that day could not be exactly ascertained; but subsequent information places beyond a doubt that one of their gunboats sank that night before reaching Hickman; another one was towed up to Cairo in a sinking condition, and that several others were badly crippled.

The number of killed and wounded on their side has not been ascertained.

The effect of the enemy's fire upon the batteries on the bend and upon the island has been without any result. No damage of any kind done, except to the redan fort, upon which he seemed to have concentrated all his efforts. It presented the most appalling picture of ruin and desolation. The parapet was plowed up in every direction and torn to pieces. The water from the river washed into the battery, filling it with mud. Trees were hacked down and torn to shreds by the heavy shells and the rifled cannon, and yet only 1 man was killed in this terrific contest.

I must now beg leave to call the attention of the major-general commanding to the heroic feasts of bravery of the devoted little band and earnestly request that those who sit in the councils of the nation should take such steps as they deem proper to reward the heroism of my small command. All brave, all gallant, all would have done what a portion of them have been called upon to do on the 17th instant.

The artillery has saved the valley of the Mississippi. Let its inhabitants show their gratitude for the eminent service rendered the cause. In the name of my officers and men I request that a small marble tablet be placed on the contested battery; that under it the remains of our brother at arms William M. Clark should be placed, and that the names of the officers and men who were present, and who contributed in the defense of the battery, should be recorded.

Besides the artillery officers already mentioned, who were conspicuous for their bravery and utmost coolness under the most galling fire, I will [mention] that of Lieutenant J. E. Saunders, Orderly Sergt. G. I. Chapman, of Captain Rucker's company; Lieutenant Barney Hughes, my acting adjutant (who has rendered valuable and efficient aid, as well in the office and on the field); Lieutenant Tidmarsh, ordnance officer (who through fire and water kept the battery well supplied with ammunition, which he caused to be carried there under his immediate supervision); Signal Officers E. Jones and S. Rose, who never left their post one minute. While shot and shell wee tearing everything to pieces picket up the flag and continued to communicate his message. Also Captains Harris and Gray, of the Engineer Corps; Captain Wintter, of the Sappers and Miners, who came ion the afternoon and repaired the damages done during the day under the fire kept up by the enemy during the whole night.

I may, during the haste that this report had to be written, have forgotten some of the names of our officers who deserved the honor to be mentioned in it; but should it be so, I will take especial care to bring it before you, and thereby repair an unintentional wrong and injustice.

I return my thanks to Colonel Steedman, of the First Alabama Regiment, for the willingness and promptitude with which he carried out all views and regulated the relief details, enabling us thereby to keep up our fire, remaining all the time in the battery, nobly sharing the

