
dangers of those around him; to Colonel Brown, of the Fifty-fifth Tennessee Regiment, who remained all day with his men on the cremaillere, but furnishing assistance when needed, taking his share of the dangers surrounding him; to Colonel Neely, of the Fourth Tennessee Regiment, who, although his regiment remained in reserve, and of course could not take any part in the engagement, went himself and remained a long time in the battery, in order to find out the best route to bring his men in action should they have been called upon.

Captain Rucker behaved throughout the day with cool judgment and discretion. I say nothing of the bravery he displayed on that day. Captain Rucker is a hero and behaved like one. I propose to you to bring his name for promotion before the general commanding-in-chief in the Army of the Mississippi. No braver heart, no better man could be selected for that distinction on March 17. Captain Rucker has won imperishable laurels.

The engagement of the 17th instant is one of the most brilliant exploits of this war. The enemy admits it, and claims to have killed 1,000 of our men. Yes, it required 1,000 men to perform what 150 men did on that day. I do not know on single instance on record that can be compared with it. Its results are incalculable. By that victory we have shown the enemy the superiority of our land batteries over their iron-clad gunboats. We have effectually closed against him the gates of the Thermopylae of the South, and we have gained time and also confidence in ourselves.

Herewith is appended document B,* containing the names of the non-commissioned and commissioned officers who have served in the battery during that memorable action.

The French soldiers prided themselves upon the battle of the Pyramids, and glory and honor was bestowed upon them who could say, "I was present at the battle of the Pyramids." Before many months elapse it will be deemed not the less glorious among us to be able to show a name on the list of the heroes of March 17, and say, "I was present at the attack upon the redan fort at Madrid Bend."

With much respect, general, I submit this report for your consideration, and remain, your obedient servant,

J. TRUDEAU,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Artillery, Madrid Bend, Mo.

Numbers 33. Report of Captain A. Jackson, Jr., Tennessee Artillery.

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 16, 1864.

I have the honor to submit the following report of the evacuation of the post at Madrid Bend and the escape of the heavy artillery companies there under my command.

On the night of April 6 I was informed by General Mackall that he would take all the available infantry force and leave that night for some central point between Tiptonville and New Madrid, and leave the command of the post of Madrid Bend to me as ranking officer there, and instructed me to hold the place as long as possible, and when I

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

