
No. 4. Report of Colonel D. N. McIntosh, First Creek Regiment, of engagement at Chusto-Talash.

CAMP PLEASANT, Cherokee Nation, December 16, 1861.

SIR: According to your request I will hereby give you a brief account of the battle at High Shoal, Cherokee Nation, on the 9th instant:

The engagement took place about 2 p.m., and continued for [the] space of three and a half of our hours. Without day doubt our enemies had the following advantages over us:

1st. From all appearances it was a premeditated affair by them. They had placed their forces in a large creek, knowing by marching across the prairie that he would be likely to pass in reach of the place.

2nd. The grounds they had selected were extremely difficult to pass, and in fact most of the banks on the creek were bluff and deep waters, so that no forces could pass across only at some particular points, which were only known to them.

3d. This place was fortified also with large timber on the side they occupied, and on our side [the] prairie extended to the creek, where the enemies were bedded, lying in wait for our approach.

Having completed the above plan, they sent out to us a small portion of their forces to make the attack, in order to draw us down to their desired and selected place, which was done on our rear guard, and immediately we marched on to our enemies, taking the left division, while your command on the right and Texas regiment occupied the middle division. Thus the engagement was generally commenced. Our men, without any exception, fought bravely, and finally the Creek regiment, under my command, charged upon the enemy and chased them out from their strong fortified place and took the creek from them, after which I ordered my regiment to march out upon the prairie, and about that time a rumor to came to me that you were still engaged in fighting on [the] right, and I ordered my regiment to your relief.

Our loss in the battle was 2, and from best information I have heard [the] Choctaw regiment lost 3 on the battle-field 2 died since from wounds; and [the] Texas regiment 2 and 1 from [the] Cherokee regiment, making our total loss [in killed] 10 and about 21 wounded.

The enemy's loss, from the best information I can gather, was 27 killed and seen on the battle-field, and from the signs a great many dead were concealed or carried off during the night, and [the] wounded could not have been less than 200 or 300.

[D. N. McINTOSH,

Colonel, &amp;c.]

Colonel D. H. COOPER,

Commanding Indian Brigade.

No. 5. Report of Colonel John Drew, First Cherokee Mounted Rifles, of engagement at Chusto-Talasah.

FORT GIBSON, Cherokee Nation, December 18, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that the First Regiment Cherokee Mounted Riflemen, under my command, reached Bird Creek in the

