
been commenced when I arrived at New Madrid on the night of March.

1. At the time of the evacuation it consisted of a strong parapet ditch, and beyond the later a sort of abatis of brush and felled trees. It was an irregular line, extending from the bayou above the town to the river, some 300 or 400 yards below the bayou. Bankhead's guns were placed on platforms behind the parapet; also four smooth-bore 32-pounders. Fort Thompson, a mile below the town, is a bastioned work of four fronts, each, I suppose, 400 feet long. The garrison consisted of Grantt's and Smith's regiments of infantry and J. W. Stewart's and Upton's companies of heavy artillery, and its armament of five 32-pounders, five 24s, siege, and some smaller pieces. There was a siege 12-pounder not mounted. There were a good many sick. I made one or two returns to General McCown's headquarters of the entire command, but do not now remember the details. There were, however, in the woks less than 3,000 for duty. The garrison of the upper work was encamped within it. Of the lower, on the bank of the river below the fort, then being protected on the land side by a rifle ditch. [Sic.]

3rd. As to the circumstances of the evacuation: During the night of Wednesday, the 12th instant, the enemy planted a battery some three-quarters of a mile from Fort Thompson. It continued 24-pounders, a piece from which 8-inch shell were thrown (I supposed a howitzer), and some smaller rifled pieces. The fire from this battery upon Fort Thompson and the gunboats commanded by Commodore Hollins commenced some time before daylight next morning and continued at intervals till late in the afternoon. Lieutenant Robinson, of Upton's artillery company, and a private (whose name I do not remember) of Captain Stewart's company, were killed, and lieutenant Moses, of the latter company, was wounded, but not seriously. There was no damage done to the fort. I do not know what injury, if any, was sustained by the gun-boats. In the afternoon a demonstration with infantry, cavalry, and light artillery was made against the upper fort, which was repulsed by the fire from the Pontchartrain and from Bankhead's battery. It was reported also by the pickets that the enemy had commenced the erection of batteries against the upper fort, and another, more advanced, against Fort Thompson. About the middle of the day I saw General McCowan on the Mohawk, at the upper fort, and another, more advanced, against Fort Thompson. About the middle of the day I saw General McCowan on the Mohawk, at the upper front. He mentioned the subject of evacuation; desired me to consider it, and stated that he would return from above at night and have a conference on board the McRae. He asked me if I thought the guns in the lower fort could be removed between 10 o'clock at night and 5 o'clock in the morning. I replied that I thought it possible; but that I would go down again to the lower fort, examine the guns and the ground, and would then be able to express an opinion.

On returning to the upper fort, about dark, I learned that General McCowan had gone aboard the flag-ship, and desired me to follow him there. I did so, but was unavoidably delayed in reaching the McRae. On arriving there I found General McCowan, Commodore Hollins, and several officers of the gunboats in consultation. I did not hear any of them express an opinion in regard to the evacuation. My own being asked for, I said that if we could get sufficient re-enforcements within a short time to enable us to take the field we could and ought to hold out longer. General McCowan replied that he could not expect further aid in less than ten days. I then expressed the opinion that we could not hold out so long. There were only enough artillerymen to furnish one detachment to each gun, not enough for reliefs, and I thought they would be exhausted in a day or two more. The infantry were also

