
was with me all the day; we lay down together at night; were asleep at 9 or 10, when the messenger came to us. He will tell you that I never even had an opportunity of becoming intoxicated.

I only saw General Stewart when he first came and once afterward, when I told him he could not get the guns away. I last saw him on Captain Carter's boat. We lamented the loss of the guns. Captain Carter seemed much mortified. General S. remained with Captain C. I took my blankets and went down to the steamboat Louisville. This was after we landed and about 4 o'clock a. m.

This is a strange accusation to have been brought against me. In all my life put together of wine and ardent spirits I never drank so much as one gallon; with all opportunities, I have not tasted even the lightest during for four months. I could never accustom myself to it. It has only been in extreme cases, since in the service, that I have touched it. I am determined to be put right in this thing.

My kindest regards to Colonel Richmond.

Very truly, yours,

E. W. GANTT.

Numbers 37. Reports of Brigadier General L. M. Waler, C. S. Army.

SAINT FRANCIS COUNTY, ARKANSAS,

April 9, 1862.

COLONEL: In obedience to your order, dated March 29, 1862, I have the honor to submit the following report of the facts connected with the evacuation of that portion of New Madrid called the Upper Fort, or Fort Bankhead, which was commanded by me:

On Thursday, March 13, at about 8 p. m., I was ordered to report to General McCowan, commanding, and received from him a verbal order to evacuate, and the steamer De Soto assigned to me for that purpose. My command consisted of three regiments of infantry, one of which contained twelve companies, and one battery of light artillery. My first step was to place three companies of infantry on duty at the parapet, in addition to the picket guard of 180 men. I informed the commanding officers of regiments and battery to proceed to evacuate, and specified the manner in which it was to be done.

I placed the steamer under command of Colonel Alpheus Baker, First Alabama, Tennessee, and Mississippi Regiment, the next highest in rank to myself. I applied to Captain Dunnington, of the gunboat Pontchartrain, to assist me to the extent of transporting my picket guard and police guard; also the three above-mentioned companies. He expressed his willingness to do so. A sufficient detail was made to place on board the steamer the ammunition for small-arms, of which there were some 40 boxes, which was safely accomplished. At the same time I was indebted to Captain Dunnington for the use of his crew in removing on board the fixed ammunition of the 32-pounders, of which the fort contained four.

All was going on under my personal superintendence as far as I was able to extend it. I was repeatedly informed by Colonel Baker, and also by the captain of the steamer, that it was impossible to carry any more; that the steamer was sinking or would sink. Four pieces of the field guns and two limbers were on board. I had much difficulty in

