
getting the limbers off the boat and placing on the two pieces. At this time the boat seemed to me to be more than laden, and she was allowed to depart.

I then dispatched my acting aide-de-camp, Lieutenant I. C. Alexander to draw in the picket guard, with specific instruction to the officer in command how it was to be conducted. Upon their arrival the four 32-pounders were securely spiked with excellent steel files for that purpose. While the pickets were coming to say that not a single man of my command was left. The wagons and teams had been sent to Island Numbers 10 several days previous, being of no use at the fort. No commissary stores were abandoned.

My estimate of loss is about one-half of the tents belonging to the command, many of which were taken to the boat, but could not be carried on board. There being no means of transporting the limbers and caissons belonging to the field pieces, it was with much sorrow that I gave the order for them to be thrown over into the river to prevent their falling into the hands of the enemy.

I desire to notice Lieutenant Alexander, acting aide-de-camp, and Captain I. D. Thomas, quartermaster of the Fortieth Regiment, Provisional Army, for their efficient aid during the night of the 13th.

I have given details, as specified in the order of March 298, 1862.

In justice to myself I will state that this report would have been regularly forwarded at an earlier date but for ill-health.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

L. M. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT FRANCIS COUNTY, ARKANSAS,

April 9, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of operations while I was in command at Madrid Bend:

On Sunday, March 16, about 1 p. m., General J. P. McCowan placed me in command, in accordance with an order dated Headquarters Army of the Mississippi, Jackson, Tenn., March 15, 1862. I brigaded and disposed of the forces under my command as seemed to me most advantageous, adopting all the suggestions in the order above alluded to.

The main operations were transpiring at Island Numbers 10 and at the batteries on the main shore near and above the island, and where, on Monday, March 17, the enemy opened their fire at 10 a. m. on the upper battery, or Battery Numbers 1, which was kept up vigorously until 5 p. m., at which time the gunboats retired. The enemy's mortar boats during the day threw an incessant shower of shells on the main-land and island, which was continued during the night at intervals of fifteen minutes. The fire of the enemy was sufficiently returned by Captain Rucker, of Battery Numbers 1, and, from the best information obtained, seriously injured two of their gunboats.

The casualties of the day on our side were-killed, Lieutenant Clark; wounded, slightly, 5 privates. There were severe breaches made at Battery Numbers 1 during the day, which were repaired during the night by

