
commenced before General McCown arrived, all of which was approved by the general.

On or about the 27th February General McCown arrived, and I was immediately placed in command of the island, with my own regiment and the Forty-sixth Tennessee, making my working party in all 555 men. Batteries were immediately commenced upon the island. The first, or battery nearest the Tennessee shore, was mounted with one 64-pounder, one rifled 32-pounder, and four smooth-bore 32-pounders. The second battery had two rifled 32-pounders, the Belmont (one 128-pounder rifled gun),and four smooth-bore 32-pounders. The third battery was composed of 32-pounders, also the fourth battery, making in all twenty-two guns at the head of the island, besides four siege guns and four howitzers facing the Missouri shore. The floating battery was also on that side of the island.

This is the armament I left on the island the 17th day of March, 1862. The first two batteries on the island toward the Tennessee shore were finished and guns mounted previous to the 2nd day of March and in command of Captain Hume; also the siege guns and howitzers. About this time the floating battery was moved to the island. On the main shore there was completed what was afterward known as battery Numbers 1, mounting four 32-pounder rifled guns. From this time my whole attention was directed to the island. In regard to the ammunition, what I found was in the lower battery, on the platform, covered with a canvas, and not suited to the guns mounted. I began to receive ammunition with the guns from Columbus, which was placed in a barn below the batteries, out of the enemy's range. Stores and plunder of every description came in profusion. Store-houses there were none, visions were stored and properly cared for. In regard to tools, there was always a proficiency. The work was rapidly done. Negroes had been produced in the mean time, and the work went on night and day.

I have the honor to be, general, your most obedient servant,

J. B. G. KENNEDY,

Colonel, Twenty-first Louisiana Volunteers.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK.

Numbers 42. Report of Colonel Alexander J. Brown, Fifty-fifth Tennessee Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS UPPER BRIGADE,Madrid Bend, Mo., March 28, 1862.

SIR: In compliance with an order of the major-general, requiring me to transmit immediately to division headquarters a report of the action of myself and command on the 17th instant, during the terrific attack of the enemy's Mississippi flotilla on Battery Numbers 1, I submit the following:

On the morning of the 17th I received the following order:
HEADQUARTERS, Madrid Bend, Mo., March 17, 1862.

Colonel BROWN: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will move your regiment according to previous arrangements, holding it in readiness to support Battery Numbers 1.

B. N. MATHIS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

