
appearance of the enemy, bivouacked for the night. At daylight of the morning of the 4th I again moved forward in the direction of Morris' Mill, on White River, where a camp of the rebels was reported to be in that vicinity. I reached the mills about 4 p.m. Finding no enemy there, I at once moved forward in the direction of Berryville, over the most broken country it is possible to conceive, crossing the White River six times in traveling 8 miles. At 10 p. m., having of the 5th, moved forward on the road to Berryville. When about 2 miles I arrested two men of suspicious appearance, and from them obtained information that a company was organizing at Berryville to leave on the following morning.

Moving forward as rapidly as the nature of the ground would admit I soon came to the suburb of the town, and observed a body of horsemen moving north on the road leading in that direction. Taking two companies I went in pursuit; Colonel Pease, with the balance of the command, in the mean time surrounded the town, taking some 50 prisoners, 22 horses, and 50 stand of arms.

My horses being much worn, I was unable to overtake those that had left, and after destroying three wagons partially loaded with stores belonging to the enemy, I returned to King's River and bivouacked.

At early dawn next morning the command was ordered to saddle, and as men and horses were exhausted and a snow storm prevailing I concluded upon returning to camp, which I reached at 2 a. m. on the morning of the 7th. I found forage exceedingly scarce, failing to secure sufficient over the whole region I scoured in that direction to supply the immediate wants of my command.

I would respectfully state that I had neither field officer nor captain and but three lieutenants with the command, and take this opportunity to return my acknowledgment to your aide-de-camp, Colonel Henry pease, for his valuable co-operation and encouragement to my men, and his gallantry and bravery, displayed in their presence on this and other occasions of more perilous adventure.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. ELLIS,

Colonel, Commanding First Missouri Cavalry.

Brigadier General JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Commanding Third Division.

MARCH 4-11, 1862.-Scout through Laclede, Wright, and Douglas Counties, Mo., including skirmishes at Fox Creek (March 7) and Mountain Grove (March 9).

Report of Colonel George E. Waring, jr., Fourth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS OF POST,Lebanon, Mo., March 12, 1862.

GENERAL: I have to respectfully report that the patrol of cavalry under Captain Ludlow (Company E), of my regiment, consisting of 42 men, which left here on the 4th instant, and which was re-enforced by 50 cavalry, under Captain Heiden (Company F), accompanied by Captain Wuerpel, assistant provost-marshal, returned to this post last evening, after an extended scout in Laclede, Wright, and Douglas Counties, bringing in 21 prisoners.

