
There was also found on him a memorandum book, containing various notes of camp guards, expenses for provisions, lists of ammunition, pressed horses, arms, &amp;c. One of the gang was one Preston Todd, who was a "Union" candidate for the State Convention. The Seventh District, referred to in the commission under which the gang assumed to act, comprises eighteen counties in the southern portion of the State hereabouts, including Springfield and Rolla. For the past fortnight these men have been seizing horses, wagons, arms, and other private property, and a portion of the plunder has been sent down to Arkansas. Information was had of some of this being on the way, but it was already too far off the expect to recover it with our small force and jaded horses. I presume these prisoners come under the designations of Section from the entire appearances of the paper above referred to that it was a mere pretext to gain over men to their gang, and I respectfully suggest, if their case is to be disposed of by a military commission, that such court convene here as soon as possible, that the example of punishment may have its greatest effect.

I take the liberty of sending this communication direct to your headquarters, in order to avoid the delay arising from sending it through the regular channels at this time.

Awaiting your orders in the premises, I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Colonel Fourth Missouri Cav., Commanding Post at Lebanon.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

MARCH 6-8, 1862.-Battle of Pea Ridge, or Elkhorn Tavern, Ark.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Major General Henry W. Halleck, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Southwest, correspondence with the Confederate commander, and congratulations from General Halleck.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army, commanding First and Second Division.

Numbers 4.-Colonel Peter J. Osterhaus, Twelfth Missouri Infantry, commanding First Division.

Numbers 5.-Colonel William N. Coler, Twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, First Brigade.

Numbers 6.-Major Richard H. Nodine, Twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 7.-Colonel Charles Knobeldsdorff, Forty-fourth Illinois Infantry.

Numbers 8.-Colonel Nicholas Greusel, Thirty-sixth Illinois Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, First Division.

Numbers 9.-Major Hugo Wangelin, Twelfth Missouri Infantry.

Numbers 10.-Captain Albert Jenks, Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 11.-Captain Henry A. Smith, Illinois Cavalry.

Numbers 12.-Colonel Cyrus Bussey, Third Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 13.-Captain Martin Welfley, Missouri Light Artillery.

Numbers 14.-Captain Louis Hoffmann, Fourth Independent Battery Ohio Light Artillery.

Numbers 15.-Brigadier General A. Asboth, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

Numbers 16.-Colonel Joseph Nemett, Fifth Missouri Cavalry (Benton Hussars).

Numbers 17.-Colonel Jeff. C. Davis, Twenty-second Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Division.

Numbers 18.-Colonel Thomas Pattison, Eighteenth Indiana Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

