
victory over the combined forces of Van Dorn, McCulloch, Price, and McIntosh. Our loss in killed and wounded estimated at 1,000; that of the enemy still larger. Guns, flags, provisions, &amp;c., captured in large quantities. Our cavalry in pursuit of the flying enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Washington.

Numbers 2. Reports of Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Southwest, correspondence with the Confederate commander, and congratulations from General Halleck:

SUGAR CREEK HOLLOW, ARK.,

March 6, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Van Dorn, Price, and McCulloch are moving down on us. Have ordered all my detachments to concentrate here, and I am locating my force to repel an attack. The enemy is reported at from 20,000 to 30,000 fighting men. They burned the Seminole College, in Fayetteville, night before last, and last night their advance camp was at Elm Springs, about 21 miles from here. Sigel last night was 4 1/2 miles southwest from Bentonville, 14 miles from there, but he was to march at 2 this morning, and must be near by. A detachment under Colonel Vandever entered and took Huntsville last night, taking 2 prisoners. That detachment will also be in before the enemy can reach me. We will give them the best show we can. The weather is very cold and snowing.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF SOUTHWEST,Pea Ridge, Ark., March 9, 1862.

SIR: On Thursday, the 6th instant, enemy commenced the attack on my right, assailing and following the rear guard of the detachment under General Sigel to my main lines on Sugar Creek Hollow, but on that occasion ceased firing when he met my re-enforcements about 4 p. m. During the night I became convinced he had moved on so as to attack my right or rear. Therefore, early on the 7th, I ordered a change of front to the right on my right, my right thus becoming my left, still resting on Sugar Creek Hollow. This brought my line crossing Pea Ridge, my new right resting on the head of Cross Timber Hollow, which is the head of Big Sugar Creek. I also ordered an immediate advance of cavalry and light artillery-Colonel Osterhaus'-with orders to attack and break what I supposed would be a re-enforced line of the enemy. This movement was in progress when the enemy, at 11 a. m., commenced an attack on my right. The fight continued mainly at these points during the day, the enemy having gained my position so

