
hardly contested by Colonel Carr at the Cross Timber Hollow, but being entirely repulsed, with the loss of the commander, General McCulloch, in the center, commanded by Colonel Davis.

The plan of attack on the center was gallantly carried forward by Colonel Osterhaus, who was immediately sustained and superseded by Colonel Davis' entire division, supported also by General Sigel's command, which remained till near the close of the day on the left. Colonel Carr's division held the right under a galling, continuous fire all day. In the evening, the firing having entirely ceased in the center and there having been none on the left, I re-enforced the right by a portion of the Second Division, under General Asboth. Before the day closed I was convinced the enemy had concentrated his main effort on my right. I therefore commenced another change of m y front, so as to face the enemy where he had deployed on my right flank in strong position. The change was only partially effective, but fully in progress, when at sunrise on the 8th my right and center renewed the firing, which was immediately answered by the enemy with renewed energy and extended line. My left, under General Sigel, moved close to the hills occupied by the enemy, driving him from heights and advancing steadily and cross-firing on his center. This final position inclosed the enemy in an arc of a circle. A charge of infantry extending throughout the whole line completely routed the whole rebel force, which retired in great confusion, but rather safely, through the deep, impassable defiles of Cross Timber.

Our loss is heavy. The enemy's can never be ascertained, for the dead are scattered over a large field, and their wounded too may many of them be lost and perish. The foe is scattered in all directions, but I think his main force has returned to Boston Mountains. General Sigel follows towards Keetsville, while my cavalry is pursuing him toward the mountains, scouring the country, bringing in prisoners, and trying to find the rebel Major-General Van Dorn, who had command of the entire force of the enemy at this battle of Pea Ridge. I have not as yet the statements of the dead and wounded so as to justify a report, but I will refer you to dispatch I will forward very soon.

The officers and soldiers in this command have displayed such unusual gallantry I hardly dare to make distinctions. I must, however, name all my commanders of divisions: General Sigel, who gallantly carried the heights and drove back the left wing of the enemy; Brigadier-General Asboth, who is wounded in the arm, in his gallant effort to re-enforce the right; Colonel and Acting Brigadier-General Davis, who commands the center, where McCulloch fell on the 7th, and pressed forward the center on the 8th; Colonel and Acting Brigadier General E. A. Carr, who is also wounded in the arm, and was under continuous fire of the enemy during the two hardest days' struggling, where the scattered dead of friends and foe attest the hardest of the struggling. Commanders of brigades Colonels Dodge, Ostherhaus, Vandever, White, Schaefer, Pattison, and Greusel, distinguished; but for their gallantry and that of others I must refer to reports of division commanders.

I must also tender my thanks to my staff officers, Captain T. I. McKeny, acting assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. H. Stark; Captain John Ahlfeldt, and Lieuts. J. M. Adams and R. A. Stitt, all acting aides, and Lieutenant A. Hoeppner, my only engineer officer. All the staff offi-

