HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Near Bentonville, Ark., March 13, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I visited Bentonville yesterday. Everything is quiet in the vicinity. During the battle we lost six guns, but we recovered all back and took five from the enemy. I have also taken a large number of small-arms which the rebels threw away. My loss of killed and wounded will exceed my estimate of 1,000. General Pike commanded the Indian forces. They shot arrows as well as rifles, and tomahawked and scalped prisoners. I am credibly informed that Colonel Rector, of Arkansas, had disbanded his regiment.

Was my dispatch of the 5th instant, telling you of the approach of the enemy and my arrangements to receive him, taken by the enemy or received at headquarters? Much mail matter was taken by him.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Van Buren, Ark., March 14, 1862.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Van Dorn, commanding this district, to express to you his thanks and gratification on account of the courtesy extended by yourself and the officers under your command to the burial party sent by him to your camp on the 9th instant.

He is pained to learn by your letter brought to him of your soldiers having officer of the party that the remains of some of your soldiers have been reported to you to have been scalped, tomahawked, and otherwise mutilated.

He hopes you have been misinformed with regard to this matter, the Indians who formed part of his forces having for many years been regarded as civilized people. He will, however, most cordially unite with you in repressing the horrors of this unnatural war, and that you may co-operate with him to this end more effectually he desires me to inform you that many of our men who surrendered themselves prisoners of war were reported to him as having been murdered in cold blood by their captors, who were alleged to be Germans.

The general commanding fells sure that you will do your part, as he will, in preventing such atrocities in future, and that the perpetrators of them will be brought to justice, whether German or Choctaw.

The privilege which you extend to our medical officers will be reciprocated, and as soon as possible means will be taken for an exchange of prisoners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY F THE SOUTHWEST,Cross Timber, Ark., April 1, 1862.

CAPTAIN: The brief telegraphic report which I gave on the 9th ultimo is not sufficient to present even the general outline of the battle of Pea

