
the dead and wounded were scattered over the field. Colonel Carr sent for re-enforcements, and I sent a few cavalry and my body-guard, with the little mountain howitzers, under Major Bowen. These did good service at a most critical period. I urged Colonel Carr to stand firm-that more force could be expected soon. Subsequently Colonel Carr sent me word that he could not hold his position much longer. I could then only reply by sending him the order to "persevere." He did persevere, and the sad havoc in the Ninth and Fourth Iowa and Phelps' Missouri and Major Weston's Twenty-fourth Missouri and all the troops in that division will show how earnest and continuous was their perseverance.

Seeing no signs of approaching foes by the Telegraph road, I sent him three pieces of artillery and a battalion of infantry of Colonel Benton's command (part of the Third Division), which had been located at Sugar Creek to guard the approaches. Each small accession to the Fourth Division seemed to compensate an overpowering force. As to the left, I was repeatedly informed it stood safe and firm, although threatened by the foe.

About 2 p. m. my aide, Captain Adams, who had communicated with that wing, informed me he had just seen Generals Sigel and Asboth on Sugar Creek, and there was still no attack in that quarter and no appearance of an enemy. About this time the enemy's forces melted away in the brushy center, and the fire gradually ceased. Believing the left and center were no longer menaced, and the enemy was concentrating on the right, I again sent word to Colonel Carr that he would soon be re-enforced. I had now resolved to bring up the left and center to meet the gathering hordes near Elkhorn Tavern. To inform myself of the condition of the extreme left I went in person to that point. On my way I ordered forward the remainder of Colonel Benton's command, three pieces and a battalion, which had remained guarding the crossing of the main Telegraph road.

I found Generals Sigel and Asboth with the troops on the hill near the extreme left, where all was quiet, and the men, not having been under fire, fresh and anxious to participated in the fight. It was now safe to make a new change of front, so as to face Sugar Creek. I therefore ordered this force forward. General Asboth moved by the direct road to Elkhorn Tavern, and General Sigel went by Leaden to re-enforce Davis if need be, but to press on to re-enforce Carr if not needed in the center. Both generals moved promptly. I accompanied General Asboth, collecting and moving forward some straggling commands that I found by the way.

It must been near 5 o'clock when I brought this force to the aid of Colonel Carr. He had received three or four shots, one a severe wound in the arm. Many of his field officers had fallen and the dead and wounded had greatly reduced his force. He had been slowly forced back near half a mile, and had been about seven hours under constant fire. His troops were still fiercely contesting every inch of ground. As I came up the Fourth Iowa was falling back for cartridges in line, dressing on their colors in perfect order. Supposing with my re-enforcements I could easily recover our lost ground, I ordered the regiment to half and face about. Colonel Dodge came up, explaining the want of cartridges; but, informed of my purpose, I ordered a bayonet charge, and they moved again with steady nerve to their former position, where the gallant Ninth was ready to support them. These two regiments won imperishable honors.

General Asboth had planted his artillery in the road and opened a

