
immediately taken. The First and Second Divisions soon got under way, and moved with great celerity to their position on the left.

This completed the formation of my third line of battle. It was directly to the rear of the first, and was quite continuous, much of it on open ground. We then had our foe before us, where we well knew the ground. The broken defiles occupied by him would not admit of easy evolutions to repel such as could be made by us on the open plain. Victory was inevitable. As soon as the left wing extended so as to command the mountain and rest safely upon it, I ordered the right wing to move forward so as to take position where I placed it the night previous. I repaired myself to the extreme right, and found an elevated position considerably in advance which commanded the enemy's center and left. Here I located the Dubuque battery, and directed the right wing to move its right forward so as to support it, and give direction to the advance of the entire right wing. Captain Hayden soon opened a fire which proved most galling to the foe and a market for our line to move upon. Returning to the center, I directed the First Iowa Battery, under Captain David, to take position in an open field, where he could also direct a fire on the central point of the enemy. Meantime the powerful battery of Captain Welfley and many more were bearing on the cliff, pouring heavy balls through the timber near the center, splintering great trees and scattering death and destruction with tempestuous fury.

At one time a battery was opened in front of Hayden's battery on the extreme right, so near I could not tell whether it was the enemy or an advance of Hayden's, but riding nearer I soon perceived its true character, and directed the First Iowa and the Peoria battery, Captain Davidson, to cross-fire on it, which soon drove it back to the common hiding place, the deep ravines of Cross Timber Hollow. While the artillery was thus taking position and advancing upon the enemy the infantry moved steadily forward. The left wing, advancing rapidly, soon began to ascend the mountain cliff, from which the artillery had driven most of the rebel force. The upward movement of the gallant Thirty-sixth Illinois, with its dark-blue line of men and its gleaming bayonets, steadily rose from base to summit, when it dashed forward into the forest, driving and scattering the rebels from these commanding heights. The Twelfth Missouri, far in advance of others, rushes into the enemy's lines, bearing off a flag and two pieces of artillery. Everywhere our line moved forward and the foe as gradually withdrew.

The road of cannon and small-arms was continuous, and no force could then have withstood the converging line and concentrated cross-fire of our gallant troops. Our guns continued some time after the rebel fire ceased, and the rebels had gone down into the deep caverns through which they had begun their precipitate flight. Finally our firing ceased. The enemy had suddenly vanished. Following down the main road, which enters a deep canon, I saw some straggling teams and men running in great trepidation through the gorges of the mountains. I directed a battery to move forward, which threw a few shots at them, followed by a pursuit of cavalry comprised of the Benton Hussars and my escort from Bowen's battalion, which was all the cavalry convenient at the time. General Sigel also followed in this pursuit towards Keetsville, while I returned, trying to check a movement which led my forces north, where I was confident a frightened foe was not likely to go. I soon found the rebel forces had divided and gone in every direction, but it was several hours before I learned

