
that the main force, after entering the canon, had turned short to the right, following obscure ravines which led into the Huntsville road in a due south direction. General Sigel followed some miles north towards Keetsville, firing on the retreating force that ran that way. Colonel Bussey, with cavalry and the little howitzers, followed beyond Bentonville.

I camped on the field and made provision for burying the dead and care of the wounded. The loss in the several divisions was as follows:*

Killed. Wounded. Missing.

 Offi	 Enli	 Offi	 Enli	 Offi	 Enli	 Aggre

Command.	 cers	 sted	 cers	 sted	 cers	 sted	 gate.

 	 men	 	 men	 	 men

1st (Sigel's)	 --	 11	 4	 89	 2	 38	 144

Division

2nd (Asboth's)	 3	 17	 3	 60	 --	 36	 119

Division

3rd (Davis')	 4	 42	 18	 256	 --	 9	 329

Division

4th (Carr's)	 6	 95	 29	 491	 2	 78	 701

Division

3rd Iowa Cavalry	 --	 24	 1	 18	 --	 9	 52

(Colonel Bussey)

Bowen's battalion	 --	 1	 1	 2	 --	 2	 6

Total	 13	 190	 56	 916	 4	 172	 1,351

This sad reckoning shows where the long continued fire was borne and where the public sympathy should be most directed. The loss of the enemy was much greater, but their scattered battalions can never furnish aa correct report of their killed and wounded.

The reports of division and other officers of my command are all submitted, with such details as were seen or understood by local commanders. They give interesting incidents and notice many deserving heroes.

I mentioned in my telegraphic report of the 9th March with high commendations, and I now repeat, the names who have done distinguished services. These are my commanders of divisions, Generals Sigel and Asboth, Colonel and Acting Brigadier-General Davis, and Colonel and Acting Brigadier-General Carr. They commanded the four divisions. I also again present commanders of brigades, Colonels Dodge, Osterhaus, Vandever, White, Schaefer, Pattison, and Grerusel. The three first named I especially commend. I also renew the just thanks due to my staff officers, Captain T. I. McKenny, acting assistant adjutant-general, Captain W. H. Stark, Captain John Ahlfeldt, Lieutenant J. M. Adams, and Lieutenant Stitt, all acting aides; also A. Hoeppner, my only engineer. To these I must now add Major Bowen, who commanded my body-guard, and with the mountain howitzers did gallant service in every battle-field, in the pursuit, and especially at Pea Ridge. Captain Stephens, Lieutenant Madison, and Lieutenant Crabtree, of this battalion, also deserve honorable mention. Major Weston, of the Twenty-fourth Missouri, provost-marshal in camp and in battle did gallant service. Lieutenant David, ordnance officer on my staff, took charge of the First Iowa Battery after Captain Jones was wounded, and did signal service. I must also thank my commanders of posts, who supported my line of operation and deserve like consideration, as their duties were more arduous-Colonel Boyd at Rolla, Colonel

---------------

*See also revised list appended.

---------------

