
charge; and that from personal inspection of the bodies of the men of the Third Iowa Cavalry, who fell upon that parrot of the field, I discovered that 8 of the men of that regiment had been scalped. I also saw bodies of the same men which had been wounded in parts not vital by bullets, and also pierced through the heart and neck with knives, fully satisfying me that the men had first fallen from the gunshot wounds received and afterwards brutally murdered.

The men of the Third Iowa Cavalry who were taken prisoners by the enemy, and who have since returned, all state that there were great numbers of Indians with them on the retreat as far as Elm Springs. Their affidavits will be furnished to you as soon as possible.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN W. NOBLE,

Adjutant, Third Iowa Cavalry.

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

Southwestern District of Missouri:

I, Daniel Bradbury, on my oath, say that I am orderly sergeant of Company A, Third Iowa Cavalry, and that I was present at the battle of Pea Ridge, near Leetown, Ark., on the 7th of March, 1862, and I then and there saw about 300 Indians scattered over the battle-field, without commanders, doing as they pleased. On the 8th of March I saw what I would judge to be about 3,000 Indians marching in good order towards the battle-field, under the command of Albert Pike.

DANIEL BRADBURY,

First Sergeant Company A, Third Iowa Cavalry.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this the 30th day of April, 1862.

GLEN LOWE,

Adjutant, Third Iowas Cavalry.

UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,

Southwestern District of Missouri:

I, John H. Lawson, on my oath, say that I am a private in Company D, Third Iowa Cavalry, and that I was present at the battle of Pea Ridge, near Leetown, Ark., on the 7th of March, 1862, and I then and there saw, as near as I could judge, about 150 Indians, scattered; they were afterwards formed into companies and marched out of my sight in good order.

On the 8th of March I saw about 2,000 Indians, said to be under the command of Albert Pike and Martin Green, marching toward the battle-ground in good order, These were all mounted, armed with shot-guns, rifles, and large knives.

JOHN H. LAWSON.

Subscribed and sworn to before me this the 30th day of April, 1862.

GLEN LOWE,

Adjutant, Third Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD IOWA CAVALRY,Jacksonport, Ark., May 11, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Army of the Southwest:

GENERAL: On the morning of the 7th of March I was on the battle-field of Pea Ridge. While my command was engaging the enemy near Leetown I saw in rebel army a large number of Indians, estimated by me at 1,000.

