
After the battle I attended in person to the burial of the dead of my command. Of 25 men killed on the field of my regiment, 8 were scalped and the bodies of others were horribly mutilated, being fired into with musket balls and pierced through the body and neck with long knives. These atrocities I believe to have been committed by Indians belonging to the rebel army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CYRUS BUSSEY,

Colonel.

Numbers 3. Report of Brigadier General Franz Sigel, U. S. Army, commanding First and Second Divisions.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST AND SECOND DIVISIONS,Camp Pea Ridge, Ark., March 15, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to lay before you the following reports in regard to the actions of the First and Second Divisions from the 5th to the 9th day of this month:

I.-Expedition to Pineville on the 5th of March.

On the evening of the 5th the main body of the two divisions was encamped near McKisick's farm, 3 1/2 miles southward of Bentonville and 1 mile from the fork of the roads leading west to Maysville and northeast to Pineville. The Second Missouri, under Colonel Schaefer, and one company of cavalry were stationed at Osage Mills, otherwise called Smith's Mills, 5 1/2 miles southeast of McKisick's farm, whilst our pickets guarded all the other avenues to the camp. For the purpose of reconnoitering the country towards the Indian Territory and to detain the rebels of Southwest Missouri from following Price's army by the State line road, Major Conrad, with five select companies of infantry, 60 men of cavalry, and two pieces of Welfley's battery, was ordered to proceed on the first day to Lindsey's Prairie, where he arrived in the evening, 16 miles southwest of McKisick's farm, on the 2nd (the 5th) to Maysville, and to return on the third day to our own camp.

Such was our position on the evening of the 5th, when I received orders from you to send a detachment of cavalry to Pineville, where there were said to be some 200 or 300 rebels, who disturbed and endangered the Union people of McDonald County. I directed Major Meszaros, with 80 men, to march at 10 o'clock p.m. on the northwestern road to Pineville, whilst Captain von Kielmansegge was sent to Major Conrad at Maysville, to lead his 60 men of cavalry, with one piece of artillery and 20 infantry, at 10 o'clock in the night, from Maysville to Rutledge and Pineville, and to act in concert with Major Meszaros. A Home Guard company, stationed between Pineville and Keetsville, was ordered to occupy at night the roads leading to Neosho and Kent, and thereby prevent the secesh to escape in that direction. Major Meszaros and Captain von Kielmansegge should approach the town from the east, southeast, and southwest. It was understood that these detachments should attack the town simultaneously at 5 o'clock in the morning.

Just a few minutes before 10 o'clock in the evening, when Meszaros

