
purpose. Fearful of the impression which the above scene of confusion might have made, I went to meet them. They had stood without flinching, and in few minutes they were in such shape that I could attack the enemy again.

The Twenty-second Indiana on my right, Captain Welfley's two pieces (one piece had been disabled), the Twelfth Missouri, Captain Hoffmann's battery, and the Thirty-sixth Illinois on my left formed the line. For the reserve I had to rely on the re-enforcements for which I sent to General Curtis.

The enemy soon made his appearance with colors flying on the opposite side of the field which I occupied. Our batteries opened their fire on him, sweeping everything from our sight. I ordered skirmishers from the Twelfth Missouri Volunteers to advance and scour the woods on our right and front and sent one company of Benton's Hussars (which had reassembled) to our left.

On approaching the wood they were received by the enemy with a heavy musketry fire, to which the infantry replied so successfully, that they were able to bring back (from a very exposed position) the piece of Captain Welfley's artillery which had been disabled. This piece afterwards did very good service. For several hours the enemy repeatedly attempted to advance, on each occasion bringing fresh troops into action. However, they invariably had to give way to the unflinching courage of my men. McCulloch and McIntosh led their troops in person and both fell-the former by a ball from a soldier of the Thirty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, Peter Pelican. The enemy's cannon played for a time pretty severely on our ranks, and it became necessary to silence them. My instructions to that effect were so well executed that the rebels were unable even to carry away the three pieces of the flying artillery abandoned by our cavalry in the early part of the day. They had to leave them on the field.

About 2 o'clock p.m. General Jefferson C. Davis arrived with some of his regiments and was joined by the Twenty-second Indiana, up to this time under my command. The gallant officer deployed his regiments at once on my right, advancing towards any foe who might still be in the timber. The report of musketry which followed told me that a lively fight was going on. To act in concert with him I ordered my trailleurs forward in front, also some cavalry which had partly reassembled. I advanced with my whole line, when the enemy showed his colors again. Cavalry and infantry came around the left of General Davis and opened their fire on my now unsecured right. In double-quick I threw the Twelfth Missouri on this exposed flank, supported them by Captain Welfley's battery, who had wheeled to the right, and forming the Thirty-sixth Illinois in close column on the extreme left of this new position, to be ready for any cavalry attack, protecting at the same time Captain Hoffmann's battery. The enemy's plan being defeated by a raging fire from the Twelfth Missouri Volunteers and Captain Welfley's artillery, they made a feeble attempt to cut off our line of retreat, which was frustrated by skirmishers thrown out from the Thirty-sixth Illinois Volunteers. As my infantry force was not equal to the artillery (having only the Twelfth and Thirty-sixth with me), and also to counteract any further attempts of the enemy to outflank me, I thought it judicious to send four pieces of Captain Hoffmann's battery back to Leetown, which affords a very commanding position. This, with some of General Davis' infantry, formed my reserve. Cavalry flankers and infantry skirmishers having thoroughly scoured the ground in front of where the battle had raged for hours, reported the

