
enemy gone, and his train could be seen in the distance moving towards Bentonville. Similar news was brought me from the right, when a brave Indiana regiment (Colonel Davis') held aloft the Stars and Stripes, which emblem of our country was hailed with enthusiastic cheers by the brave men around me.

General Sigel now arrived with the rest of the First and Second Divisions, and as we passed on the ground the enemy's dead and wounded, amounting to hundreds, gave evidence of the fearful execution done by our soldiers. On our extreme right, where Colonel Carr was engaged, the cannon were still thundering, although night was not far distant. We marched to the assistance of our friends, planted our battery, and brought the infantry into line, but it was too late to open fire. General Sigel was of opinion that it was best to wait until morning, and not to betray our position by a few shots, which could be of no avail, as it was already night. Our men laid down to rest in a wet corn field, having eaten nothing since morning, but not a murmur was heard; they waited in patience. So ended the second day of battle.

I cannot pass over the occurrences of this day without again paying a tribute to the indomitable courage and devotedness of the officers and men. They all deserve the highest encomiums for their bravery and endurance. To mention names is almost impossible when everybody has such noble claims.

Under my immediate observation were all the artillery officers present Captain Welfley, the unterrified, and Lieutenant Bencke, both of Battery A, and Captain Hoffmann and Lieutenant Foehlich, Piderit, and Frank, of Battery B (Ohio); Major Wangelin, commanding Twelfth Missouri Volunteers, and Colonel Greusel, of the Thirty-sixth Illinois Volunteers; furthermore, two reliable officers who were detailed to me for the occasion as orderly officers, viz, Captain von Kielmansegge, Fremont Hussars, of General Sigel's staff, and Captain Ahlfeldt, Twelfth Missouri Volunteers, of General Curtis' staff, and also the gentlemen of my staff. I have also to mention Captain McKenny, assistant adjutant-general on General Curtis' staff, who was with me part of the day, and rendered great assistance in bringing Hoffmann's battery to Leetown, as well as the general arrangements for the disposition of my lines.

March 8.-The commencement of this day still found our troops on the corn field, without food or fire. Several messengers sent off for provisions returned, having been unable to procurer them. It being indispensable that our men should eat something before entering on another day's struggle General Sigel, at 2 a.m., gave the order to return to camp (about 1 mile distant), where we arrived at 3 o'clock a.m. The men slept till daybreak, and provisions having been brought up in the mean time, fell in, after a hasty breakfast, to deliver another and last blow on the enemy.

The ground selected for this last attack by Lieutenant Asmussen, of General Sigel's staff, and myself was a field forward of an connecting with the one in which we had taken position during the forepart of the night. The Forty-fourth Illinois Regiment was first brought up and formed in line on the left of the right wing (Third and Fourth Divisions) of our army. General Sigel then arrived and took command in person, while I was engaged in bringing out the regiments and batteries of my division.

The first position on the field was as follows: The Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers on my extreme right, connecting with the left of our right of our army (Third and Fourth Divisions). On the left of

