
to the battle ground, where he encamped our command near the other divisions.

In conclusion I ought to add the names of those who excelled. They all were brave, and I only could repeat the names mentioned before. First Lieutenant Jacoby, of Captain Welfley's battery, who was not in the battle of Leetown, did great service and immense execution with his 12-pounder guns on the 8th. He is a worthy comrade of his brother officers. It also becomes my pleasant duty to acknowledge the very kind assistance I repeatedly received on the 8th from Colonel Schaefer, Second Missouri Volunteers, and his command.

Herewith you will find the reports of the different regiments and batteries composing my command. The list of casualties was previously sent in.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Colonel, Commanding First Division, Army of the Southwest.

Captain T. I. McKENNY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, S. W. Dist., Army of the Missouri.

Numbers 5. Report of Colonel William N. Coler, Twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, First Brigade.
HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Pea Ridge, Benton Co., Ark., March 9, 1862.

COLONEL: At 2 o'clock on the morning of the 6th instant six companies of the Twenty-fifth Regiment of Illinois Volunteers marched with the main body of the First and Second Divisions from camp near Bentonville to Sugar Creek Hollow. Scarcely had we reached the latter place, a distance of 16 miles, when he received a dispatch saying that General Sigel with our rear guard, was surrounded and engaged by a vastly superior force of the enemy; that unless re-enforced quickly he would certainly be cut off and defeated. Without waiting for orders I ordered an about face, and retraced our steps on a double-quick a distance of about 5 miles, where we met the brave Sigel, who had most gallantly cut his way through the enemy's lines. Here the four companies which had been detached on the day previous to take possession of some flouring mills rejoined the regiment. Night approaching and the enemy not appearing in any considerable force, I was ordered to return and take position on the heights overlooking the valley of Sugar Creek, put out pickets, rest upon our arms, and await further orders.

The morning of the 7th came, and with it the intelligence that the enemy in full force had succeeded in gaining our rear and were drawn up in line of battle. Soon was heard the booming of cannon, announcing that the batteries of both armies were engaged. Every officer and man stood to his place in ranks and awaited impatiently, anxiously expecting every moment to be ordered forward to take part in the deadly strife. Thus we stood until 4 o'clock p.m., under the most painful suspense, all confident of victory, but fearful we would not be allowed to take a part in achieving it. A stern joy was felt when General Sigel rode up in person and ordered the regiment, together with the Forty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, to move forward to the support of

