
saying they would conquer or never leave the brush. My right being now supported, I ordered a movement forward into the brush. We had not advanced over 50 yards when a loud, clear was heard to cry out "Ready." I instantly gave the command, "Cover."

The men had scarcely dropped upon the ground when the enemy from his coverts let loose a terrific volley of musketry, which was promptly returned by our ranks with deadly effect. At the same time Welfley's battery belched forth death into their thinning ranks, yet the greater number stood their ground and fought bravely until about the sixth round, when they all gave way int he wildest disorder. After giving them a few parting rounds to increase the velocity of their speed I ordered the fire to cease. The victory was with the Stars and Stripes.

The regiment entered the action 400 strong. Early on the morning of the 8th Company A, in command of Lieutenant Mitchell, was detached to support two pieces of Captain Welfley's battery-a duty which he gallantly performed. I am proud to report that in every position in which they were placed officers and privates showed the coolest courage and most determined bravery. They obeyed every order and performed their duty well.

Where all did so well it would be invidious to make distinctions, but I cannot close this report without making mention of the gallant conduct of First Lieutenant John F. Isom, of Company G, who by the bursting of a shell received a severe and painful wound in the hand and was otherwise injured; yet he refused to leave the field, and remained in command of his company until the close of the action.

The following officers took part in the action: Major R. H. Nodine; Adjt. George W. Flynn; Captains Clark, Boyden, Wall, Taggart, Osborn, Summers, and Andrews; First Lieutenants Hall, Skeels, Isom, Buckner, and Brown; Second Lieutenant Mitchell, Lake, Brazelton, Vanderen, Knapp, and Richards. I append a list of our killed, wounded, and missing.*

I have the honor to be, my dear general, your obedient servant,

W. N. COLER,

Colonel Twenty-fifth Regiment Illinois Vols., Commanding.

Colonel PETER J. OSTERHAUS,

Commanding First Division.

Numbers 6. Report of Major Richard H. Nodine, Twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry.

CAMP NEAR LEETOWN, March 10, 1862.

After receiving your orders to re-enforce Colonel Carr on the afternoon of the 7th of March, I proceeded with the left wing of the regiment to a point opposite the enemy's center, where I took a position in a small piece of brush. General Curtis soon after ordered me to move across the meadow and to charge upon the enemy and if possible to drive him from his position. In pursuance of this order we advanced across the open field and penetrated the brush on the opposite side about 300 yards, when some scattering shots were fired from the rear of our left. Supposing them to be from some of our own men who had got behind their company, I ordered them to stop. I halted

---------------

*See p. 204.

---------------

