
the command and moved toward the left wing to ascertain the cause of the firing, when a prisoner was brought to me, who had been sent to ascertain who we were by the commander of the enemy's force at that point, and who informed me that the Seventh Louisiana Regiment and two others were lying to our left about 40 yards. Owing to the darkness and thickness of the underbrush I found it impossible to distinguish friend from foe, and also from the fact that one of our own batteries were playing upon us from the angle of the brush and road, I thought it best to retire, which I did, recrossing the meadow,and taking position in the brush about 400 yards from the enemy, where we lay on our arms all night, at the request of Colonel Carr. In the morning we rejoined your command.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

R. H. NODINE,

Major, Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers.

Colonel WILLIAM N. COLER, Commanding Twenty-fifth Ill. Vol.

Numbers 7. Report of Colonel Charles Knovesldorff, Forty-fourth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS REGIMENT,Camp, Pea Ridge, March 11, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report the action of this regiment from the 6th to the 9th of March,inclusive:

The regiment, stationed at Camp Cooper, near Bentonville, received marching orders at 11 o'clock p.m. of the 5th, and at 2 a.m. of the 6th commenced a retrograde movement towards Sugar Creek Hollow. When marching orders were received Company F, under command of Lieutenant Hicks, were stationed at Williams Mill, 7 miles west, grinding flour for the use of the regiment. A messenger was immediately sent for them, and they made a very rapid march, reaching the regiment in time to march with us, bringing also a quantity of flour. The regiment, with the First Division, passed Bentonville at sunrise, and arrived at Sugar Hollow at 11 a.m. We had hardly stacked our arms before (information having been received that the Twelfth Missouri was cut off by the enemy) we were ordered by you to hasten back to their assistance, which was immediately done, the regiment going double-quick some 6 miles, but as the enemy had retreated we were ordered back, and took our position on the bluff west of the hollow. Contrary to all expectations the enemy attacked our forces the next morning on the northwest side, and the battle of Leetown commenced. My regiment, together with the Twenty-fifth Illinois, Seventeenth Missouri, and part of the Welfley's battery, were held in reserve until about 1 o'clock p.m., when we were all ordered by General Sigel onto the field and to the rescue. Companies C and A, under command of Captain Russell, were previously ordered to skirmish the woods in front of our position and secure the march of the reserve to the battle-field. Captain Russell succeeded by skillful management in driving back scattering parties of the enemy, who threatened our left flank, and in taking many prisoners. Eight companies proceeded double-quick to the battle ground near Leetown. Arriving on the field, they were ordered by Brigadier-General Davis to take position on the right of the road, where the hardest fighting had been. A line of skirmishers was immediately thrown out, and the regiment followed with the greatest promptness, passing over the dead and wounded, who lay in

