
sixth Illinois on the left, in close columns by division. Soon after I directed two companies of the Twelfth Missouri and two from the Thirty-sixth Illinois, which I increased to four companies from each of these regiments, to skirmish the hill and slopes. These skirmishers advanced in splendid style and drove the enemy before them, those of the Twelfth Missouri capturing three cannon and a very fine silk rebel flag from the Dallas Battery.

At about 10 o'clock a. m. my command joined in skirmishing to the Telegraph road, repulsing the enemy and taking a number of prisoners and guns and a large quantity of ammunition, flour, and salt. We then followed up the repulsed and retreating enemy 7 or 8 miles, when we went into camp. The next morning (9th instant) we marched to Keetsville, and then returned to camp near Elkhorn Tavern.

Our loss is as follows: Thirty-sixth Illinois, 3 killed, 32 wounded (2 of whom have since died), and 1 lieutenant and 30 enlisted men prisoners. This regiment brought into action 830 men and officers, and nearly all the casualties, except the capture of the prisoners, occurred on the 7th. In the Twelfth Missouri 3 were killed, 28 wounded, and 2 are missing. This regiment brought 360 officers and men into the field. This light loss, I am convinced, is due to the good discipline and courage of the men and to the coolness and valor of the officers; for while the men charged upon the enemy under the severest fire with alacrity and determination, the skill of the respective officers kept them in perfect order and protected them from unnecessary exposure.

Where every man did his duty it may be unjust to particularize, but while I tender my heartfelt thanks to all my command for their promptness in obedience and for their valor in battle, and especially for the daring and courageous stand which they made on the morning of the 7th, I would respectfully mention the unflinching courage and the collected bravery of Major Wangelin, of the Twelfth Missouri, and the untiring energy and valor of my acting assistant adjutant-general, George A. Willis, and of my aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Robert M. Denning, who executed my orders with promptness in the midst of storms of shot and shell. I would also mention the intrepidity and determined boldness of Captain Silas Miller, Company B, and Captain Irving W. Parkhurst, Company G, Thirty-sixth Illinois, who led their commands against an overwhelming force of the enemy and brought them off with little loss, and also the brilliant charge made by Companies H and K, Thirty-sixth Illinois, under the command of Capts. Merritt L. Joslyn and J. Quincy Adams, which drove a large force of the enemy like chaff before the wind.

Respectfully,

N. GREUSEL,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., S. W. D.

Colonel OSTERHAUS,

Commanding First Division.

Numbers 9. Report of Major Hugo Wangelin, Twelfth Missouri Infantry.

CAMP ROSE HILL BATTLE-FIELD.

COLONEL: In accordance with your instructions, just received, I do hereby respectfully submit my report of the movements and actions of

