
whole day. The comparatively small loss I attribute solely to their firmness, which enabled them to drive the enemy off with great loss, without being subject themselves to a very protracted fire.

On the third day (March 8), commenced with a march at 12.30 a.m. towards the Telegraph road, whereon we encamped for the rest of the night, and the regiment finally obtained some food-the first for twenty-four hours. The battle was commenced by the enemy by throwing round-shot over and sidewards of our camp, without hurting anybody. We were marched about 7 a.m. into a large corn field, occupying about the center of the left wing of the army, which was placed in a large semicircle. On our right was Welfley's and afterwards some other battery;on our left Hoffmann's battery. This position we occupied for some hours, the battle being for that length of time only an artillery engagement. After this time, the enemy's cannon having been almost silenced by the well-directed fire of our artillery, General Osterhaus ordered two companies to deploy as skirmishers towards the enemy, to which was presently added another company. The men had to pass over a pretty large field without any shelter before reaching the woods in which the enemy was concealed, which was done in double-quick time. Following up the enemy into the timber, there composed of large trees without any undergrowth, the enemy retreated rapidly behind a fence at the other end of the timber, from where they poured a destructive fire on us. The balance of the regiment in the mean time coming up, and the Twenty-fifth Illinois skirmishing on our right and the Thirty-sixth Illinois on our left, we went forward, routing the enemy completely before our front, and achieving, in connection with the other brave troops on our right, and left, a complete and decided victory.

This ended the battle, as far as I am aware of-at least as far as this regiment is concerned. The officers and men engaged in battle this day numbered less than 400, but, I say it with pride, showed themselves worthy of the distinguished commander whose name the regiment bears. The casualties of this day were 3 killed and 12 wounded, the majority severely. My horse was killed by a shot in the neck.

Respectfully submitted.

HUGO WANGELIN,

Major, Commanding Twelfth Missouri Volunteers.

Numbers 10. Report of Captain Albert Jenks, Illinois Cavalry.

CAMP SHERER, ARK., March 14, 1862.

SIR: I beg leave to make the following report of the part my squadron of cavalry took in the battles of the 6th, 7th, and 8th of March, 1862:

By your order we took the extreme rear of all the forces on leaving Camp Cooper, acting as rear guard. Arrived at Bentonville, by your order we halted and reported to General Sigel, who remained with two companies of Benton Hussars, the Twelfth Missouri Infantry, and one battery of flying artillery. Remaining here an hour and a half, the enemy was discovered approaching in large numbers. They immediately surrounded the town. General Sigel then ordered my squadron to take the rear of column. We moved out of the town and drew up

