
day morning kept up our advance about 2 miles north of Keetsville, when I was ordered to return to camp, arriving at 2 o'clock p.m.

Enough praise cannot be given to my officers and men, all of whom behaved with the utmost coolness and bravery. To the Twelfth Regiment Missouri Volunteers I am indebted for a fine 6-pounder brass cannon, which they captured in their advance, and also for rendering me such valuable assistance in recapturing my disabled piece the day before. My loss during the two days' engagement is comparatively small, considering the heavy fire my battery was mostly exposed to; the third section, in command of Lieutenant Bencke, suffered most.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. WELFLEY,

Captain, Commanding Artillery.

General FRANZ SIGEL.

Numbers 14. Report of Captain Louis Hoffmann, Fourth Independent Battery Ohio Light Artillery.

CAMP, March 14, 1862.

On the morning of the 6th instant the battery, with other troops of the First Division, left Cooper's farm for the march to Sugar Creek via Bentonville. When at a place about 4 miles northeast from Bentonville the First Division received information of an attack of the enemy upon the rear guards of our army. The battery, with the Thirty-sixth Illinois Infantry and other parts of the Second Brigade, First Division, on order of Acting General Osterhaus, immediately returned for the support of said rear guards. After a march of about 2 miles Lieutenant George Froehlich was posted with two howitzers of the battery in the front of the division, and having thrown 21 shells, spherical case; and canister, at the enemy, compelled him to cease his firing. Lieutenant Froehlich then returned with his section, on order of General Osterhaus, and joined the other two sections of the battery, which, with the Thirty-sixth Illinois, were posted on the road about 1 mile east from the place of action. The whole battery then marched to the camp occupied by the rest of our troops, and was posted on a hill in the neighborhood of Sugar Creek, north of the Bentonville road.

March 7, at 7 o'clock a.m., the battery, on order, left the said hill, and was posted near the headquarters of General Osterhaus, at the Telegraph road, and then marched with the other troops of the First Division about 1/2 miles northwest, when they met the enemy. Before having been placed in position for the battle the enemy made a severe attack upon the battery, which, however, by the skillful and fast operations of the division and brigade commanders, General Osterhaus and Colonel Greusel, was saved, and being promptly placed in position, met the attack of the enemy with good result. The battery remained at the battle ground from 10 o'clock a.m. to 3 o'clock p.m., and although the fight was a very hot one, compelled the enemy's batteries to cease their firing, and did not change its position until the enemy left his position in the woods and retired. During the battle Private Anthony Meyer, cannoneer, was slightly wounded in the left leg, and 2 horses of the battery were wounded. The four 6-pounder rifled guns threw on that occasion 221 shots and the two howitzers 72 shells and spherical case.

After the retreat of the enemy the battery, on order, left the battle-

