
field and posted itself at a settlement called Leetown, about a quarter of a mile south of the battle ground. At 4.30 o'clock p.m., on order to General Sigel, one section of the battery, commanded by Lieutenant Louis Piderit, returned to the battle ground, and remained there with other troops on picket guard, and another section, commanded by Lieutenant Max Frank, was detailed to the staff of General Sigel for reconnoitering. The section of two howitzers, commanded by Lieutenant Froehlich, was ordered to the Fayetteville road,on the battle ground of the right wing.

On order of General Sigel, Corporal Ebner was sent at 11 o'clock p.m. by Lieutenant Frank to the camp for the purpose of furnishing the section of lieutenant of Lieutenant Frank with a caisson filled with ammunition; said corporal, in company with 3 privates, Lorenz Gruner, John Meyer, and Rudolph Frese, left the camp at 1 o'clock a.m., March 8, taking along the caisson for the said purpose; but as neither the men nor the caisson, drawn by 6 horses, arrived at the place designated, and as they are missed since the time they left the camp, it is supposed that they, being misled by the darkness of the night, took a wrong road, and, together with the horses and the caisson, fell in the hands of the enemy.

March 8, before daybreak, the different sections of the battery returned from their detachments into the camp, and, by order of General Sigel, the whole battery left the camp at 7 o'clock a.m., and was stationed near the general's headquarters. Left said place with other troops of the First Division shortly after its arrival, and, commanded by General Osterhaus, marched to the battle-field, about 1 mile north of said headquarters, on the Telegraph road, where the enemy during the night previous had concentrated all his forces.

The battery was placed on the left wing of the First Division, on a high plateau, and has not changed its position, firing without interruption during nearly four hours. After having compelled the enemy to stop the firing of his batteries, Hoffmann's battery turned its whole attention to a high rocky hill opposite our plateau, occupied by the strongest force of the enemy, for the support of our infantry, which at that time commenced its marching up the said rocky hill. At 11 o'clock a.m., when the enemy left his position and commenced to retreat, the battery, on order, left the battle ground, and pursuing the enemy in northern direction on the Telegraph road and firing upon his rear guards, arrived at a place about 3 miles south of Keetsville, Mo., at 5 o'clock p.m.,and remained there for encampment.

During the engagement of Saturday, the 8th instant, the battery seized 1 caisson, with ammunition, of the enemy. One horse of the battery was killed and 2 horses wounded. The four 6-pounder rifled guns of the battery have thrown 460 shots and the two howitzers 106 shells and spherical case.

On Sunday morning, March 9, the battery, with the other parts of the First Division, left for Keetsville, and after a short rest at that place returned for encampment to the battle grounds near the Sugar Creek, Arkansas.

For a more distinct explanation of the position of the battery during the engagement I inclose two sketches, marched A and B, the former of the battle ground of Friday, March 7, and the latter of the battle ground of Saturday, March 8, 1862.*

Respectfully,

L. HOFFMANN,

Captain, Commanding Light Battery, 2nd Brigadier 1st Div., Ohio Vols.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

