
Numbers 15. Report of Brigadier General A. Asboth, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Camp near Sugar Creek, Ark., March 8, 1862-2 a.m.

GENERAL: As General Sigel, under whose command you have placed me, with my division, has not yet returned to our camp, I beg to address you, general, directly, reporting that all the troops of the Second Division were yesterday, as well as now, in the night entirely without forage; and as we are cut off from all supplies by the enemy, outnumbering our forces several times, and as one more day without forage will make our horses unserviceable, consequently the cavalry and artillery as well as the teams of no use at all, I would respectfully solicit a decided concentrated movement, with the view of cutting our way through the enemy where you may deem it more advisable, and save by this if not the whole at least the larger part of our surrounded army.

I take the opportunity of mentioning the high valor of the Second Missouri Volunteers and Second Ohio Battery, which, supported by the camp from the advancing enemy. Officers and men all did their duty gallantly, pressing the enemy until evening, when the last cartridge and artillery ammunition was exhausted.

I have especially to mention the gallant conduct of Colonel Schaefer, Lieutenant-Colonel Laibold, and Lieutenant Chapman, who was wounded in a manner which will deprive the army of his services for some time.

Finally, I have to communicate the gratifying news that the three pieces of the First Flying Battery, detailed this morning from my division to General Osterhaus, and supposed to have been taken by the enemy, have been brought in by Colonel Pattison, and that the two batteries will be able to resume the fight at daybreak.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Southwest Army.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Camp at Elkhorn Tavern, Pea Ridge, Ark., March 16, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 63, I have the honor to submit my report of the participation of the Second Division in the battles of the 6th, and 8th days of the present month at Bentonville, Sugar Creek, and Pea Ridge.

By way of preliminary I may allude to the happy union of the First and Second Divisions under your command. I say happy union, because I have never witnessed more perfect harmony either in camp or upon the battle-field. Native Americans and foreigners of varied nationalities have been aptly blended, and the fraternity of the troops finds its counterpart in that prevailing between the officers and commanders. No wonder the privations of our arduous winter campaign, in the midst of a hostile populace, were so cheerfully borne, or that the friendliness thus engendered should result in so irresistible a co-opera

