
Regiment Missouri Volunteers, were designated as the reserve in the beginning, but were soon drawn into the line of battle and ordered into action. Six companies of the Second Missouri Volunteers, with two howitzers of the Ohio battery, were sent towards the enemy's extreme right flank, southwest of Elkhorn Tavern, and forming our extreme left. The infantry, deployed as skirmishers, drove the enemy from a thicket at the foot of the hill, and there formed the general advance, the two howitzers of the Second Ohio Battery in the mean while dismounting the enemy's battery and driving their infantry from the top of a hill upon which it had formed.

I have to regret that the efficient Swiss regiment, Fifteenth Missouri Volunteers, whose beautiful flag floated so picturesquely throughout the battle-field, had not the opportunity they so ardently longed for of following their energetic commander, Colonel Joliat, to the heart of the conflict, and of attesting by their blood their devotion to the cause.

I feel bound to make honorable mention of the officers of my staff. They were always at and, regardless of danger, where duty called them, especially during our desperate attack on the afternoon of the 7th. Lieutenant Gillen and Haskell, although for the first time in a severe engagement, stood coolly at my side under the hottest artillery and musketry fire, while Lieutenant Von Unrich, a soldier of European experience, carried my orders, dashing bravely and promptly through every danger. Mr. Ullfers, the accomplished topographical engineer of my division during the arduous campaigns of the last six months, although not called by his especial duties to the battle-field, was everywhere, regardless of danger, and while exhibiting an example of cool courage, gathered from the events of the moment many important features towards his topographical delineation of the battle ground.

Major Wiegand, recently of the Garibaldi Guard, who joined me the day before as a volunteer aide, deserves my hearty commendation. You yourself, general, having been everywhere and having seen everything, know how well our men and officers generally behaved. Forward they always moved. Honor to them all.

My report of killed, wounded, and missing is herewith submitted. It shows commissioned officers killed, 3; wounded, 3; enlisted men killed, 17; wounded, 60; missing, 36. One hundred and twenty-six prisoners were delivered by Captain Hesse, provost-marshal of the Second Division, to the grand provost-marshal, Major Heinrichs. Over 350 stand of arms, with a large amount of ammunition and various implements of war, were also taken and delivered to Chief Quartermaster Carr. An artillery caisson taken is now with the Second Ohio Battery.

I submit topographical sketches of the extended Pea Ridge battle-field,* with our and the enemy's position on the 7th and 8th of March, prepared by the topographical engineer of my division just so honorably mentioned, Mr. Ullfers. The sketch appertaining to your action at Bentonville will follow in a few days.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding First and Second Divisions.

---------------

*To appear in Atlas.

---------------

