
alry, Third Iowa Cavalry, and three pieces of flying artillery, besides two or three regiments of infantry and Welfley's battery, under command of General Osterhaus, proceeded to attack the left flank. Colonel Bussey, of the Third Iowa, commanded the cavalry. The order of march was: 1, First Missouri; 2, Flying Battery; 3, Third Iowa; 4, two companies of Fremont Hussars; 5, Benton Hussars. The forces ahead of us had already engaged the enemy in the timber (9.30 a.m.) when we came upon the battle-field. We were about forming right into line when suddenly the First Missouri and Third Iowa rushed in mad flight upon us and carried us along. We, however, immediately formed as soon as we reached the open field, and were the only cavalry that kept the open field the whole day. One gun of Welfley's battery, the horses of which had been shot, was left behind in the timber, but I immediately returned with Company A, commanded by Lieutenant Schipper, rescued it, and brought it back in safety. We after this were all day posted on the extreme left flank and as guard to the battery. We remained in the open field exposed to the fire, which lasted until 5.30 p.m. The rest of the forces were then ordered off the field, and the Benton Hussars and two companies Fremont Hussars were alone left to maintain the battle-field during the night.

March 8, 1862, early in the morning, I was ordered back to the Second Division, posted on the extreme left flank as guard to that flank, and advanced until we reached Elkhorn Tavern. There we were ordered to halt, and in the afternoon sent in pursuit of the enemy, taking 15 prisoners. In the evening we reached the encampment and there remained.

JOSEPH NEMETT,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Missouri Cavalry.

Brigadier-General SIGEL,

Commanding.

Numbers 17. Report of Colonel Jefferson C. Davis, Twenty-second Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Pea Ridge, Ark., March 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Third Division, under my command, in the recent engagement with the rebel forces at this place.

On the morning of the 1st instant, in obedience to instructions from the general, I broke up my camp near Cross Hollow and took position on the heights of Pea Ridge, on the north side of Sugar Creek, commanding the main road. On the night of the 5th I received intelligence of the approach of the enemy from the general and of intention to concentrate his forces on my right and left and give battle at this point. On the morning of the 6th I deployed the First Brigade of my division, consisting of the Eighth, Eighteenth, and Twenty-second Indiana, with Klauss' Indiana battery, commanded by Colonel Thomas Pattison, on the right of the Fayetteville road, so as to command the approach completely. The Second Brigade, consisting of the Thirty-seventh and Fifty-ninth Illinois (formerly the Ninth Missouri), with David-

