
was opened and maintained with great spirit on both sides until the arrival of General Sigel's forces, about 7.30 o'clock. Sigel's artillery soon took position on the enemy's right and engaged with great spirit in the contest. The approach of Sigel's infantry on the left of my division rendered the position of my battery secure,and enabled me to withdraw the Second Brigade from their support and prepare my whole division for a general attack upon the enemy's left. The gradual decrease of the enemy's fire and the withdrawal of some of his gun offered a favorable opportunity, and I immediately ordered an advance across the field. Previous to this movement Colonel Dodge had taken position with his brigade on my right, so as to prevent any attempt the enemy might make to attack me on this flank.

The Second Brigade, together with the Twenty-second Indiana and five companies of the Eighth Indiana, soon warmly engaged the enemy's infantry, occupying a strong position in the thick scrub-oak skirting the base of the hill upon which his artillery was posted. The enemy soon began to yield to the steady fire and determined advance of our troops, and finally broke and fled in much confusion, leaving behind his dead and wounded. The heights were soon carried, and on reaching the summit of the hill I ordered a halt, in order to bring my artillery in position on the road leading to Hunstville, my left resting on Elkhorn Tavern. Here Colonel Benton, with five companies of the Eighth Indiana and a section of artillery, who had been kept back guarding the road leading from Cross Hollow, joined their command. Much to their chagrin and that of their gallant commander, the enemy did not give them an opportunity to add new laurels to those already won at Rich Mountain.

The division lost during the engagement 60 killed, 270 wounded, and 8 missing. Total killed, wounded, and missing, 338. It affords me pleasure to be able to bear testimony to the prompt and efficient manner in which the brigade commanders, Colonels Pattison and White, conducted their brigades throughout the entire engagement. The regimental commanders, Colonels Benton, Eighth Indiana, Hendricks. Twenty-second Indiana, and Lieutenant-Colonel Washburn, Eighteenth Indiana, of the First Brigade,and Lieutenant-Colonels Barnes, Thirty-seventh, and Frederick, Fifty-ninth Illinois, of the Second Brigade, acquitted themselves with distinction. Colonel Hendricks fell early in the engagement, after which Major Daily commanded the regiment, with great credit to himself, during the remainder of the battle. The part taken by the Peoria Light Artillery (Illinois), under Captain Davidson, and the First Indiana Battery, under Captain Klauss, has been so conspicuously described in the above report, that it would be useless to call further attention to their efficiency and gallant conduct. The First Missouri Cavalry, under Colonel Ellis, reported during the night of the 6th from a four days' scout on White River, during which they captured 50 rebels, with their arms and horses. The bearing and efficiency of my staff officers, Lieutenant Holstein, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenants Pease and Morrison, aides-de-camp, were conspicuous everywhere, fearlessly executing every order; every part of the field witnessed their gallantry. My division surgeon, Benjamin J. Newland, deserves the highest commendation for his promptness and skill in establishing his hospitals and taking care of the wounded. My division quartermaster and commissary, Captain Branson and Bradley, performed their duties equally promptly and efficiently.

The superior numbers of the enemy's forces, engaged as he was in his favorite "scrub," his utter rout, when led on to desperation at the

