
Vann, by volunteer aides-de-camp, went gallantly into the fight, and bore themselves with great coolness and courage. Lieutenant G. A. Thornton, the acting assistant adjutant-general, was also active and efficient in carrying various orders, and deserves great credit for his coolness during the battle.

Casualties.-Killed, 9; wounded, 40.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Letter of Colonel James McIntosh, transmitting reports of subordinate commanders of the battle of Chustenahalah, December 26, 1861.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, Fort Smith, Ark., January 4, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the inclosed reports of regimental and detachment commanders of the battle of Chustenahlah, Cherokee Nation, fought on the 26th ultimo; also copies of letters from Kansas to the Indians. These letters were found in Hopoeithleyohola's camp.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,JAMES McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.

[Inclosure.]

Copies of letters taken in Hopoeithleyohola's camp.

BANRSIVLLE, September 10, 1861.

HOPOEITHLEYOHOLA, Hok-tar-sas-Harjo:

BROTHER: Your letter by Micco Hutka is received. You will send a delegation of your best men to meet the commissioner of the United States Government in Kansas. I ma authorized to inform you that the President will not forget you. Our Army will soon go South, and those of your people who are true and loyal to the Government will be treated as friends. Your rights to property will be respected. The commissioners from the Confederate States have deceived you. They have two tongues. They wanted to get the Indians to fight, and they would rob and plunder you if they can get you into trouble. But the President is still alive. His soldiers will soon drive these men who have violated your homes from the land they have treacherously entered. When yoiu delegates return to you they will be able to inform you when and where your moneys will be paid. Those who stole your orphan funds will be punished, and you will learn that the people who are true to the Government which so long protected you are your friends.

Your friend and brother,

E. H. CARRUTH,

Commissioner of U.s. Government.

