
exposed I am happy to say but little loss, comparatively, was sustained, every advantage being taken to save the men from exposure by lying down and otherwise, to which the accompanying list of killed, wounded, and missing will bear testimony.*

The following officers have been favorably noticed by their respective commanders in regimental reports, namely: Capts. Jonathan H. Williams, John C. Jenks, and Dr. G. W. Gordon, of the Eighteenth, and Lieutenant Colonel D. Shunk, of the Eighth. Many others no doubt deserve particular mention who have escaped the observation of myself and their immediate commanders.

Respectfully submitted.

THOMAS PATTISON,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigadier, Third Div., Southwest Army.

Colonel JEFFERSON C. DAVIS,

Commanding Third Division.

No. 19. Report of Lieutenant Colonel David Shunk, Eighth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTH Regiment INDIANA VOLS.,March 13, 1862.

SIR: In reply to your note of the 12th instant would say that about 3 o'clock p.m. of the first day's fighting an order came from General Curtis to Colonel Benton, commanding the Eighth Indiana Regiment, to send five companies to your support. He immediately ordered me to take the left wing of the regiment and proceed at double-quick. I was joined by three pieces rifled cannon from Captain Klauss' Indiana battery, which I reported to you at the same time. You attached my command temporarily to Colonel Vandever's. Afterwards I received an order to go over on the right of the main road, in the brush, to the support of Colonel Dodge, to whom I did not report, from the fact that my guide's horse was killed under him, and I was soon engaged by about 1,200 of the enemy, with whom I continued to fight, along with the Fourth Iowa, until dark. We then fell back about 300 yards across the field in the edge of the timber, and laid on our arms all night. In the morning I was ordered by Colonel Pattison, commanding our brigade, to join my brigade, which I did. My loss in the engagement of Friday afternoon was 5 killed and 27 wounded.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

DAVID SHUNK,

Lieutenant-Colonel Eighth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

Colonel E. A. CARR,

Commanding Fourth Division.

---------------

*Nominal list aggregated 17 killed, 80 wounded, and 7 missing.

---------------

