
tell upon them. At this time I directed a movement to the rear and about 250 yards distant, placing the infantry out of exposure from the enemy's artillery and establishing Davidson's battery on an eminence within easy range of the enemy. From this position our fire was renewed and told with manifest effect. The artillery of General Sigel's and Colonel Carr's divisions soon formed on our left and right, and the action became general. The artillery gradually advanced on the enemy, while my command, under the same order, moved to the right, in connection with the First Brigade, under Colonel Pattison, forming a continuous line and connecting with General Sigel's infantry. We now advanced in perfect order upon the enemy's left, delivering volley after volley with great rapidity, precision, and effect. The rout of the enemy was complete, and we halted at Elkhorn Tavern, about a mile and a half in advance of our first position, the pursuit of the enemy being continued by General Sigel's column.

The conduct of the officers and men was but a repetition of the previous day. None faltered; all performed their duty nobly. The Peoria Light Artillery, however, on this day had the opportunity, which they had not so fully before, to exhibit the great skill and bravery of their officers and the discipline and bravery of their men. The guns were served with the regularity and rapidity of a parade day, and under that terrific fire of shell, grape, and canister from more than double the number of their own guns for some time before any other artillery, except that of the First Brigade of this division, was brought into action. This battery was subsequently moved to the front and right, where, after taking position near the main road, it opened a very effective fire of canister upon the enemy, who was concealed in the brush, but was immediately routed from his position by this fire. The officers of this battery-Captain Peter Davidson and Lieutenants Borris, Hansel, and Fenton-have exhibited all the qualities requisite to the highest proficiency as officers and are entitled to the respect and thanks of their countrymen.

To Brigade Adjt. Isaac C. Dodge I am indebted for prompt aid at the commencement of the action of the 7th, but having been sent to yourself with a message, he was prevented from joining the command again until near the close of the action.

Chaplains Anderson, of the Thirty-seventh, and Shumate, of the Fifty-ninth, were present in the field, rendering all the aid their power in removing the wounded and relieving their sufferings.

I should do injustice if I omitted to mention the very valuable aid received at various times from your aides, Cols. Henry Pease and Morrison; also from Adjutant Holstein. The person and voice of Colonel Pease were often seen and heard along the line, cheering and encouraging the men on to victory, regardless of personal danger, which he was under no obligation to encounter except on official business.

The quartermasters of both regiments-Captain Peck of the Thirty-seventh, and Brasher, of the Fifty-ninth, and Brigade Quartermaster S. M. Jones and Brigade Commissary A. D. Baker-have during the three days of the enemy's presence discharged their duties promptly and efficiently; their several departments, so essential to the welfare of troops, having always been in order.

