
Thirty-fifth Illinois to Dodge, as it belonged to his brigade. I received about this time a battalion of the Eighth Indiana and three field pieces, all of which I placed in position at the tavern, but soon after the enemy opened on Dodge with artillery and infantry, and I sent the last-arrived troops to him.

Inclosed find report of Lieutenant-Colonel Sunk, Eighth Indiana, of this part of the engagement.

While Colonel Vandever was closing in the gap thus occasioned the enemy commenced swarming up the road and hollow and through the brush in front of us. My troops fought with most heroic courage and devotion, officers exposing themselves freely, cheering and encouraging their men, but it was impossible to withstand such overpowering numbers, and the men retreated across the field, but rallied very handsomely along the fence not far back.

Lieutenant Colonel F. J. Herron, Ninth Iowa, had his horse shot under him, was wounded, and taken prisoner. He had commanded his regiment during the entire engagement, and his courage and conduct won the admiration of all, and will add to the laurels he gained at the battle of Wilson's Creek. Here my horse was hit three times. The artillery fired until the last moment, and in consequence thereof lost two pieces, several of the men being shot down while trying to attach them to the limber. The three pieces of artillery lost that day by Captain Hayden's battery were recovered by our troops on the next day.

Upon retiring to the fence above mentioned we fortunately met General Curtis, with re-enforcements under General Asboth, advancing. The commanding general conducted the remainder of the operation in person.

During all this time Colonel Dodge had sustained a constant engagement with the enemy. He had placed himself on the hither side of the field near Clemen's house, and though immediately outnumbered and in point-blank range of grape, held his ammunition gave out,when he retired a short distance, waited for the enemy's approach, gave him a last volley, which checked and turned him, and then marched off the field with colors flying, and bringing his wounded men along. Colonel Dodge had three horses shot under him, one of them being struck with 20 balls, and received a slight wound in the hand. Lieutenant Colonel J. Galligan, Fourth Iowa, was wounded in the hand. Lieutenant Colonel William P. Chandler, Thirty-fifth Illinois, was taken prisoner while rallying a squad of men to check the enemy, who were very near the left flank. Major John McConnell, with two battalions of the Third Illinois Cavalry, supported the right during the entire engagement, and Colonel Dodge speaks in the highest terms of their conduct. They were much under fire of artillery. They skirmished constantly, and frequently dismounted to fight on foot. Some of the men whose horses were disabled joined the infantry and fought out the battles with them. Captain Sparks was wounded. Captain Davis had a horse shot under him.

The Second Battalion of the Third Illinois Cavalry supported the left, and was a part of the time placed on top of the hill to the west of the tavern, skirmishing with the troops there, some of whom were Indians. Lieutenant S. F. Dolloff received a dangerous wound in the thigh. Lieutenant W. S. Lee had a horse shot under him.

The total loss of the division was 97 killed, 488 wounded, and 78 missing; total, 663.

We brought onto the ground 1,790 infantry and 469 cavalry; twelve smooth-bore guns, with 204 men.

