
In giving the above narrative I have spoken of those officers and troops whom I personally noticed or whose conduct has been specially reported to me. There are many others deserving of whom I have not yet heard. All the troops behaved with such gallantry and devotion that it is the proudest boast of my life to have commanded them.

My staff were of the greatest service to me. First Lieutenant T. W. Sullivan, adjutant Third Illinois Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general of the Fourth Division, rode the same horse on which he made the gallant charge at Dug Springs, where both he and his horse were desperately wounded. He carried a great many orders and went forward many times to reconnoiter, exposing himself freely. His horse was wounded. Lieutenant L. Shields, Fourth Iowa, acting aide, was of great assistance. He had a horse shot under him while conducting a battalion of the Eighth Indiana to Colonel Dodge. Lieutenant O. A. Bowen, Ninth Iowa, acting aide, was of great service, transmitting, &amp;c. Mr. John E. Phelps, who has been acting aide since February 17, was with me in all the hottest parts of the engagement, and was wounded in the leg. Sergt. Major James William Wooster, of my regiment, was killed while trying to disengage an artillery team in front of the troops.

After the engagement we lay in bivouac in front of the troops, morning, when the action was again renewed. My division, being on the right, did not come in contact with the enemy. Captain Hayden's battery, however, did excellent service, having been posted by the general in person so as to cross-fire on the enemy. The First Iowa Battery also, under Lieutenant David, did good execution with what little ammunition he had been able to obtain during the night, and the Third Illinois Cavalry, as on the previous day, was of great benefit to us by skirmishing on the flanks.

Before closing I wish to remark on the facts that Colonel Dodge, with a large part of his brigade, by special direction of the general, had been out the night before the battle until 12 o'clock, blockading the road by which the enemy traveled an hour or two afterwards to get in our rear. This blockading delayed the enemy and was of great advantage to us. Also Colonel Vandever, with a large part of his regiment, Phelps', and the Third Illinois Cavalry, composing more than half his brigade, being on detached service, made a march of 40 miles the day before the battle to join us. The horses had absolutely nothing to eat from the morning of the 6th till the evening of the 8th. These facts show that my division was tired when it went into action, account for the absence of some of the men, who were absolutely worn-out, and demonstrate what our soldiers cheerfully endure for the cause.

I inclose herewith reports of Colonel G. M. Dodge, Fourth Iowa, and of Colonel William Vandever, Ninth Iowa, with the accompanying papers; likewise the report of Colonel David Shunk, commanding battalion of Eighth Indiana.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Captain T. I. McKENNY,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Army of the Southwest.

