
being forced to give way, I ordered Colonel Chandler to rally his men, which he did with great gallantry, driving the enemy back a short distance on the left, but he was soon surrounded and taken prisoner, with 40 men.

I noticed at this time that the Second Brigade, which was on my left, ceased firing. I sent my adjutant to ascertain the cause. He informed me that they had retired. At this time the ammunition of the Fourth Iowa had almost entirely given out, and I ordered them to fall back, which they did in splendid order in line of battle, the enemy running forward with their batteries and whole force. I halted fell back and took a position on the open field in my rear, the division at this time having been strongly re-enforced. General Curtis ordered the Fourth Iowa to fix bayonets and advance, though they were out of ammunition. They did so, and moved briskly over the field, but found no enemy. General Curtis then ordered us to halt, it being dark. I then took the brigade back to camp to replenish their ammunition and clean their guns, which they did, and at 12 o'clock took another position on the left of the road.

At sunrise the First Iowa Battery was put in position and opened fire on the enemy's batteries, which were planted on the point near the hotel. The fire was effective and very hot. The battery had to retire in about an hour, having spent all the ammunition. I was then ordered to the right, and took that position, advancing with the entire line steadily until the enemy fled in all directions in confusion. We took many prisoners, also one gun (spiked) and one caisson.

The list of the killed and wounded in the brigade shows that it fought against fearful odds and disputed the field with great stubbornness. Every field officer in the brigade was disabled and had to leave the field, and only two lieutenants were left in the battery. When so many fought so gallantly it is hard to distinguish, but I noticed the daring bravery of Major McConnell, of the Third Illinois Cavalry, who supported me on the right, and of Colonel Smith, of the Thirty-fifth Illinois Infantry, who in the early part of the day fought gallantly until he was wounded. I make mention especially of Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, who displayed coolness and bravery in rallying his men. Lieutenant-Colonel Galligan rendered efficient service in holding the Fourth Iowa firm, no part of which gave an inch until the whole was compelled to fall back. I wish to mention especially the bravery and valor of Captain H. H. Griffith, acting major, and of Lieutenant J. A. Williamson, brigade adjutant; also of Lieutenant V. J. David, commanding the section of the battery on the right; also of Private J. W. Bell, adjutant's clerk, who fell mortally wounded while nobly doing his duty, and Color Sergt. T. Teil, who, after being severely wounded, staid upon the field. The conduct of the above-named officers came under my personal observation. All did well and fought nobly, and did their parts in winning a great battle.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Colonel Fourth Iowa, Commanding First Brigade, Fourth Division.

Lieutenant T. W. SULLIVAN,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, First Brigadier, Fourth Division.

