
collected the left and center sections and drew them up in battery in a field eastward and southward of the tavern, where they were afterwards joined by Lieutenant David with the right section, who, being the senior officer, took command.

After I retired Gustavius Gustavison, No. 3 of the piece remaining in action, had his right leg shot off by a solid shot, and William Selden, No. 6 of the same piece, was wounded severely in the ankles by a fragment of a shell. Gustavison has since died from the stock and amputation.

For the labors of the right section and the subsequent service of the battery I refer you to the report of Lieutenant David. I should have noted that to keep the ammunition of the capsized caisson from the rebels we exploded it.

In conclusion I am pleased to state that with the exception of Lieutenant Gambell and William Selden the wounded will be ready for duty in a short time.

JUNIUS A. JONES,

Captain First Iowa Battery.

Colonel DODGE,

Commanding Brigade.

No. 24. Report of Colonel William Vandever, Ninth Iowa Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, FOURTH DIVISION,Camp Stevens, Ark., March 13, 1862.

COLONEL: On the morning of the 4th instant I left Camp Halleck at Cross Hollow in command of an expedition in the direction of Huntsville. The forces consisted of 350 of the Ninth Iowa Infantry, 150 from Colonel Phelps' Missouri regiment, one battalion of the Third Illinois Cavalry, one section of the Dubuque Light Artillery, and one section of Bowen's mountain howitzers. We prosecuted the march and arrived at Huntsville at noon on the 5th without incident. A portion of the enemy's stores were captured at their camp, 3 miles beyond Huntsville, and several prisoners taken. From the prisoners I obtained information that the enemy were advancing in the direction of our lines for the purpose of attack, which information I immediately transmitted to headquarters, and then prepared to retrace my steps. On the same evening I moved out of Huntsville and camped 3 miles distant. At 2 o'clock in the morning I received your order to return and rejoin the main body at Sugar Creek, and at 3.30 o'clock resumed my line of march, and at dusk the same evening arrived in camp, having accomplished a forced march of 40 miles in a single day. Too much praise cannot be bestowed upon officers and men for energy and perseverance in surmounting the difficulties of this long and painful march.

On the morning of the 7th, being aroused by the sound of firing in the direction of Elkhorn Tavern, in obedience to your order I moved up my brigade, consisting of the Ninth Regiment of Iowa Volunteers, Colonel Phelps' regiment of Missouri Volunteers, and the Dubuque Light Artillery, the Third Illinois Cavalry having already been ordered to observe the enemy. Upon arriving at the Elkhorn Tavern the artillery

