
immediately took position near the main road and opened a brisk fire, infantry forming mainly on the left, Colonel Dodge's brigade being to the right. Soon after my whole line of infantry was briskly engaged with the enemy, who fell back, we pushing forward and driving him until met by an overpowering force. The infantry then resumed the position in advance of the Elkhorn Tavern where the enemy was first encountered, and retained it during most of the day against greatly superior odds, a part of the time being supported by a battalion of the Eighth Indiana, under Lieutenant-Colonel Shunk, which, however, was soon withdrawn and sent to the support of Colonel Dodge. Towards evening, the enemy having concentrated a heavy fire of artillery and infantry upon our position, and to avoid the chance of being flanked during the night, I fell back to a line of timber and formed on the right of the main road. Here Lieutenant-Colonel Shunk again joined me, and we remained in line, resting upon our arms, until near morning, when I again moved to the left of the road and formed on the left of Colonel Dodge's brigade.

Soon after sunrise the fire of our artillery again opened upon the enemy and he replied with vigor. At this point, finding ourselves exposed to a raking fire from one of the enemy's batteries on our right, we changed direction to the east. About this time, the First Division coming into position on our left, we joined in the general advance upon the enemy, the whole cavalry force participating and the artillery co-operating. The enemy here broke into disorder, and the fortune of the day was decided in our favor.

I cannot close this account without bearing testimony to the coolness, bravery, and steadiness of all the troops under my command. Colonel Phelps was especially active in leading his command, and inspired them by his own example to deeds of bravery. Of Lieutenant-Colonel Herron, commanding the Ninth Iowa, too much cannot be said. He was foremost in leading his men, and with coolness and bravery never excelled rallied them to repeated acts of daring and bravery. Unfortunately at the close of the day on the 7th his horse was killed under him, and he, being disabled by the fall, was captured by the enemy. Major Coyl, also of the Ninth Iowa, acted with distinguished bravery until disabled by a painful wound, when he was compelled reluctantly to leave the field.

I deem it but just to add that every officer of my command was prompt and ready in the discharge of duty throughout the action, inspiring their men by example to acts of determined bravery. Lieutenant Asher Riley, my acting assistant adjutant-general, deserves particular mention. Upon the fall of Captain Drips and Lieutenant Kelsey, of Company A, Ninth Regiment, both distinguished for their bravery, Lieutenant Riley gallantly took command of the company and remained with it to the end of the action. Captain Carpenter and Lieutenant Jones, of Company B, distinguished themselves by leading their company into the fact of an overpowering force of the enemy and recapturing one of our guns and a caisson. Lieutenant Tisdale, of Company F, deserves especial mention for his gallantry while in command of the company after the fall of Captain Towner and Lieutenant Neff, both of whom acted with distinguished bravery until disabled by painful wounds. Captain Bull, of Company C, was particularly distinguished for his coolness and bravery; also Lieutenant Baker, of Company E, and Captain Washburn and Lieutenant Beebe, of Company G; Lieutenants Crane and Magee, of Company D; Captain Moore and Lieutenant Mackenzie, of Company H. Captain Carskaddon and Lieutenant

