
Claflin, of Company K, were conspicuous for bravery. Captain Drips, of Company A, and Captain Bevins, of Company E, fell mortally wounded while gallantly leading and cheering their men. Company I was commanded by Lieutenant Fellows, whose conduct was deserving of great praise. Many instances of special gallantry occurred among non-commissioned officers and men. Where all did their duty so nobly and so well distinction would be invidious.

I desire also to call your especial attention to the Dubuque Light Battery, under command of Captain M. M. Hayden, whose report is appended. Captain Hayden and every officer of this battery acquitted themselves with the highest credit. They bore the hottest fire of the enemy with coolness and intrepidity, the men under the skillful lead of Captain Hayden performing duty with cheerfulness and alacrity, and never faltering. He mentions special instances of bravery in his report hereto appended, to which I would call especial attention.

Numerous instances of individual bravery occurred during the trying events of the battle which I cannot enumerate. I can only say that I feel deeply indebted to every officer and man of my command for the heroic manner in which they have acquitted themselves. They did their duty nobly. I herewith append a list of casualties.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. VANDEVER,

Colonel Ninth Iowa Vols., Commanding Second Brigadier, Fourth Div.

Colonel E. A. CARR,

Commanding Fourth Division.

No. 25. Report of Captain Mortimer M. Hayden, Third Independent Battery Iowa Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS HAYDEN'S BATTERY,(ATTACHED TO NINTH IOWA INFANTRY),

Sugar Creek, March 9, 1862.

COLONEL: Herewith please find statement of the part taken by this command in the action of the 7th and 8th instant:

Pursuant to your order I sent forward one section of the bravery, in charge of Lieutenant M. C. Wright, who took position in the road directly in front of an under a heavy fire from the enemy's battery. Lieuts. W. H. McClure and J. Bradley, with their respective sections, were ordered forward to engage the enemy on the right and left of the first section. Supported by the Ninth Iowa Infantry, we held this position until the rebel guns had disabled ten pieces and killed and wounded many of both men and horses. The engagement now became general along the whole line with both artillery and infantry. The enemy's fire becoming too severe, we withdrew, leaving behind our disabled limber and several killed and wounded horses. We then took position about 300 yards in rear of the point where our fire was first opened, remaining there until near evening (having held the enemy in check during the entire day), at which time the whole division fell back to a large open field, where it halted during the night. Here the enemy pursued, but

---------------

*Embodied in return on p.205.

---------------

