
being vigorously engaged by our artillery and infantry, were driven back with severe loss. During the engagement we attempted to plant the pieces of the battery upon a commanding eminence, but failed in the endeavor, an immense force of the enemy's infantry charging upon us, carrying away one of my guns, and killing and wounding 2 of my own and several of the battery horses.

On the morning of the 8th we took position on the enemy's left, unsupported by either infantry or cavalry, opening fire on the slope where our guns were captured the day previous. Shortly afterwards the enemy opened upon us from a battery in our front, to which we then turned our fire, silencing his guns and driving him from the field. Our loss is 2 men killed and 17 wounded. We lost 23 horses killed and 3 disabled. Three of our guns and one limber were captured by the enemy.

I desire to make mention of the coolness and bravery of the whole command during the entire engagement, especially of Lieutenants Wright and Bradley, who, fearless of all personal danger, met the enemy with a spirit worthy the highest commendation, and cannot overlook the efficient services rendered by Sergeants House, Harkins, and Weaver, alike of Corporals Martin, Guilford, Goldthorp, and Rowles. The latter, while spiking the last gun left upon the field, was severely wounded in both legs.

I am, colonel, respectfully,

M. M. HAYDEN,

Commanding.

Colonel WILLIAM VANDEVER,

Commanding Second Brigade, Fourth Division.

No. 26. Report of Major William D. Bowen, Bowen's Battalion Missouri Cavalry, and including operations since February 10, 1862.
HEADQUARTERS BOWEN'S BATTALION OF CAVALRY,Pea Ridge, Ark., March 10, 1862.

GENERAL: In pursuance of general orders, dated Headquarters, Rolla, Mo., January 25, 1862, this command, with four mountain howitzers attached, under charge of Captain Stephens, Company A, acting as body-guard to Brigadier-General Curtis, took up the line of march for Lebanon, Mo., which point was reached without any incident worthy of comment on the 29th January, when the command encamped.

On the 10th of February, 1862, in pursuance of general orders, dated Headquarters Army of the Southwest, Lebanon, Mo., this command moved towards Springfield. On the 12th instant our advance saw and fired on the enemy's pickets. My command was ordered to the front, which was rapidly gained, when I immediately opened with the howitzers on a heavy picket of the enemy, concealed partially from view by the thick brush. After two rounds the rebels disappeared. At 8 p.m. the camp was alarmed by heavy firing in the front. My command was rapidly pushed forward to the scene of action, but the rebels were already repulsed.

On the 14th, whilst in advance, came suddenly upon the rebel camp, threw 10th shells in the camp, killing 15 and wounding 9. Finding the enemy were trying to outflank us and being so far from the main army, we fell back to camp to-day. We took 30 prisoners, amongst them the notorious Colonel Freeman.

On the 16th, about 3 a.m., sent out 10 men, under command of Lieutenant

