
forming them. Colonel Vandever, then coming up, took command of the brigade, and moved it by the right flank to the right of the road. I here halted my battalion in support of a battery there stationed in the open field. This position I held until the close of the day, when I then retired with my command to camp, where were the remainder of my provost guard. My two cavalry companies, Captains O'Connor and Lewis, were doing very efficient service during the day, scouting and skirmishing, ascertaining movements of the enemy, &amp;c. They executed all my orders promptly and with a zeal and gallantry highly praiseworthy, and I would be glad had I time and space to give particular note of some of their daring exploits.

I must not omit to mention that quite early in the morning I sent out my quartermaster, Lieutenant S. L. Fritz, with one of my own and one each of the cavalry companies' wagons, foraging, with a guard, under Lieutenant, although Lieutenants Fritz and Moore and one or two of the guard escaped, the wagons loaded with forage, also the teams with several of the guard, were captured by the enemy's cavalry. However, they did not succeed in getting all the wagons away, as on the evening of the 8th I found one of my wagons, minus the team (four good mules), in a ravine to the right of the road, below the blacksmith shop.

On the evening of the 8th instant, receiving no special orders to repair to the battle-field and having a large number of prisoners in charge, I remained with my command in camp in charge of the prisoners. There are several officers and men whom I desire to mention particularly for their gallant deeds of skill and bravery. Captain T. A. Reed, of Company A, exhibited great bravery and coolness, maintaining the position assigned him in the morning two or three hours, with but few men, against great odds. Captain R. W. Fyan also displayed the greatest courage and skill as an officer, executing all orders with calmness and precision. Captain Barris and Lieutenant Hart, of Company G, were of great service to me indeed as skirmishers, and their part could not have been acted better by the most veteran soldiers. Lieutenant Lyon, commanding Companies I and H, held his companies to their post under a raking fire of the enemy, and was among the very last to retire from his position. Lieutenant Lyon is a gallant young officer, and acted his part nobly. Lieutenant Robberson, of Company A, conducted himself bravely, and displayed great coolness and ardor for a contest with the enemy. I am also highly pleased with Captain Vanzant for his services in taking charge of the prisoners and my train. I desire to mention Sergt. Major A. A. Harrison as showing much bravery, and Private Collins, of Company F, and would be glad if I had time and space to mention orders.

I desire to take this opportunity of speaking of Adjt. J. C. S. Colby, and to tender him my thanks for his efficient services in carrying orders from point to point, which he did with alacrity and with the least possible concern for his personal safety. In short, my whole command behaved with remarkable coolness, and obeyed my orders promptly and to the letter. Our loss sustained is as follows, viz: 4 killed, 13 badly wounded, 3 slightly, 10 missing; for particulars of which I refer you to company commanders' reports, which I herewith transmit.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI W. WESTON,

Major, Commanding Twenty-fourth Mo. Vols.,

Provost-Marshal S. W. D., U. S. Army.

Brigadier General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Army in the Field.

