
convinced, however, they had a heavy force and were only trying to draw us out, and satisfied nothing short of a regiment would justify us in advancing and bringing on an engagement, I reported to you accordingly, when Company F, commanded by Captain Barris; Companies H and I, commanded by Lieutenant Lyon, also one company from the Iowa Fourth, were ordered up to re-enforce us, our force now consisting of about 150 men. The Iowa Fourth formed on the right; H and I on the left. Our line extended across the hill. We held our position nearly two hours, firing only when we could see a rebel, and, taking deliberate aim, we brought several to the ground.

I left Captain Barris in command and went to report to you again, upon which we were called off by your order, and the remaining part of the engagement in which we participated needs no recapitulation by me, as you were an eye-witness of what followed. I must not close, however, without awarding great applause to the boys under my command. I refrain from mentioning names, as all merit praise for their valiant conduct. Such cool courage and bravery have rarely been exhibited on the battle-field. The officers also merit great praise-the gallant Sergt. Major A. A. Harrison, who by his conduct in rallying and cheering the boys on and setting them and example of bravery worthy of imitation, will ever endear him to Company A. Lieutenant Robberson performed his duty coolly and deliberately; in fact, all of the officers present, as well as men.

I respectfully submit the above as the part taken by Company A in the battle which came off near Elkhorn Tavern on the 7th instant.

Yours, &amp;c.,

THOMAS A. REED,

Captain, Commanding Co. A, Twenty-fourth Mo. Vols.

Major ELI W. WESTON,

Commanding Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers.

No. 29. Report of Captain Robert W. Fyan, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry.

IN CAMP IN THE FIELD, March 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to submit the following report:

At about 7 o'clock a.m. of the 7th instant I received your order to take my company and proceed north on the Cassville road as far as I was able, and ascertain, if possible, whether the enemy were advancing on that road and in what force. The company were under arms speedily, all of the company, even the sick, turning out with the utmost promptness and alacrity. We had not advanced more than three-quarters of a mile on the road before we came in a view of the enemy's cavalry. In consequence of the garb in which many of them were clothed I was in doubt whether they were Union or rebel forces. I therefore threw out a squad of 8 men, and deployed them in the ravines on both sides of the road we were advancing. I then cautiously proceeded some 200 yards farther, when the enemy opened a cross-fire on us from both sides of the road, wounding Private John Franklin. The fire was promptly returned, when, finding the enemy in force and about to flank us, I ordered the company to fall back some 200 yards, where we remained, having sent back to camp for re-enforcements.

Being joined by Companies I and H, we ascertained the enemy

