
were moving around on our right towards the Huntsville road. i immediately ordered my company across the woods to the Huntsville road. Deploying as skirmishers on both sides of the road we advanced until we reached the field, where we took position along the fence, awaiting the advance of the enemy, whom we could not distinctly perceive in heavy force on the edge of the woods immediately in our front.

In the this position we remained until the First Iowa Battery, supported by the Fourth Iowa Infantry, reached us. Having been ordered by you we fell back to camp, and in executing your further order to move across and take position on the left of the camp we lost Private Francis M. Dooly, killed by the explosion of a shell that burst in the midst of the company.

We remained in the position designated until ordered to join the rest of the regiment, where we were under your own immediate observation and command the remainder of the day.

Appended you will find a list of the killed, wounded, and missing of my company. Of the latter, two were detailed to accompany Quartermaster Fritz on a foraging expedition on the morning of the 7th, and are supposed to be captured by the enemy. The third one we left very sick in camp.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

ROBERT W. FYAN,

Captain Company B, Twenty-fourth Regiment Mo. Vols.

Major ELI W. WESTON,

Commanding Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers.

No. 30. Report of Captain Sampson P. Barris, Twenty-fourth Missouri Infantry.

IN CAMP IN THE FIELD, March 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor of reporting to you that upon receiving your order at daylight of Friday, 7th instant, I formed my company of those present for duty, consisting of 36 men, and marched our west as skirmishers, according to order. When within about three-quarters of a mile from camp we fell in with Captains O'Connor and Lewis, of the cavalry of the provost guard, who were firing occasionally on the enemy in the brush, when I took my command out in the brush on the left. We scoured the wood for some distance, when we came to a farm. We divided the company, Lieutenant Hart taking command of one platoon flanking the right of the road, myself, with the other platoon, taking the left. In that position, with cavalry in the center, under their commanders respectively, we pursued the enemy some distance, when I came in sight of them in the distance and opened a fire on them to draw their attention (which they answered), while Lieutenant Hart came up on their left flank and opened fire on them from the brush, which caused them to break in retreat. Becoming satisfied that they were falling back on a strong force we withdrew, together with the whole command, into camp. The whole command, according to my judgment, acted with coolness and bravery.

When we had been in camp some twenty minutes we were called under arms by your order and marched out, when, according to your order, we took position on the side of the hill east of the encampment,

