
the action with 12 privates and 3 non-commissioned officers. Result, 1 private killed and 1 wounded mortally. It is hard to discriminate among so many meritorious ones, but I desire to make special mention of Sergeant Ferrell, Corporal Ray, Privates Connor and Bishop, of Company H, and Privates Edwards and Hurse, of Company I. Their courage and coolness are commendable.

I am, sir, yours, truly,

JAMES J. LYON,

First Lieutenant Company H, Twenty-fourth Mo. Vols.

Major ELI W. WESTON,

Provost-Marshal, Commanding Twenty-fourth Regiment Mo. Vols.

No. 32. Report of Captain Barbour Lewis, First Missouri Cavalry.

IN CAMP IN THE FIELD,

Sunday, March 9, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that having received your order at daylight on the morning of Friday, the 7 the instant, to furnish 15 men immediately for scouting purposes, I caused that number to be mounted promptly and went with them myself. Five or 6 others of my men also asked leave to go, making my force about 20. We were joined by about the same number from Company M, of the Third Illinois Cavalry, but now acting as provost guard, under your orders. Captain O'Connor had charge of his own detachment, and I placed myself and mine also under his command. He discharged his duties throughout, I thought, with coolness, ability, and judgment. We marched to the west of your camp, near the Elkhorn Tavern, and in a half or three-quarters of a mile found some of the scouts of the enemy skulking with their horses in the brush. Here we also found the brave infantry boys of Company F, of the Twenty-fourth Missouri Volunteers, under the lead of their gallant captain, Barris. The infantry soon routed the enemy from the brush and we all chased the foe some distance.

At about a mile from where we first found them they rallied to the number of some 150, but one or two volleys fired by a portion of the infantry under Lieutenant Hart soon scattered them in the utmost confusion. The lieutenant gallantly flanked them amid great difficulties and fought them with rare ardor and courage. The whole force, infantry and cavalry, pursued the enemy in a northwestern direction nearly 3 miles, until becoming certain that we were near a camp where the enemy lay in heavy force, and having obtained valuable knowledge of their plans and purposes, it was deemed best to suspend the pursuit and to return to camp. I repaired immediately to General Curtis' headquarters, where I found you, and reported what I knew. I then turned to camp, and sent out some of my men as scouts north and east. They soon returned, reporting the enemy to be very near and advancing rapidly in great force in both directions, they having during the night come around the whole camp on the west side and north with many thousands of men and several batteries of artillery. Unfortunately, a forage party sent off from my camp while I was absent in the morning was cut off, and Sergeant Siggins and Teamster Abram Gallaton, with a fine wagon and team, were captured by the enemy. Had it not been for the bravery, coolness, and good conduct of Lieutenant George W.

