
Moore and Corporal Hiltabidle, they, with some 8 or 10 our men, would also have been cut off.

Under your orders we moved our camp into the general camp, but owing to the loss of one of our teams were unable to move everything, and lost half or more of our company commissary stores and 15 or 20 extra sabers and 4 or 5 Colts carbines in a damaged condition, as also most of the commissioned officers' private baggage; Lieutenant Moore losing nearly everything he had. During the rest of the day, and also during the 8th, my company performed almost constant duty under your orders, scouring the timber in every direction, keeping back the scouts of the enemy, breaking up their attempts at flanking, and taking numbers of prisoners. Sergts. W. A. Kirby, W. T. Hamilton, and Samuel H. McCartney acted in a manner to deserve the highest admiration. Private Skeels alone took a first lieutenant prisoner.

During a part of the 7th I was scouting under the direct orders of General Sigel. My men did hard service, and my only regret is that it was not in our power to participate more directly and efficiently in the principal engagement. Believing that we were useful, and conscious that we were truly anxious to be more so, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

BARBOUR LEWIS,

Captain Co. G, First Missouri Cavalry, Provost Guard, &amp;c.

Major ELI W. WESTON.

No. 33. Report of Major Joseph Conrad, Third Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATT'N, THIRD Regiment, MO. VOLS.,Camp Welfley, Ark., March 13, 1862.

GENERAL: Pursuant to your orders, dated Camp McKisick, March 3, 1862, I left camp on the morning of the 4th, my command consisting of two companies of the Seventeenth, one of the Twelfth, one of the Thirty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, one section of Captain Welfley's howitzers, and 30 Fremont and 30 Benton Hussars. Proceeding in a southwestern direction, I marched along Flint Creek until within 3 miles of Lindsey's Prairie, where I camped the night of the 4th. Starting at 7 o'clock a.m. on the 5th I still continued in the same direction until striking the State line road, whence I turned north towards Maysville, sending my adjutant, Lademann, ahead with 8 Fremont Hussars to arrest Mr. Gunter, a notorious secessionist. He met with 7 discharged soldiers of General Price's army, and charging upon them, he captured 5 after a long chase. My guides not being well acquainted with that section of country, I marched some 10 miles out of my way, arriving at Camp Walker towards evening, where I met Captain Kielmansegge, of your staff, who had the order that my command should either proceed to Pineville or return to camp.

The infantry being very tired, we camped that night in the building of the Vegetarian Society, 1 mile east of Camp Walker. In the night, at 10 o'clock, Captain von Kielmansegge proceeded to Pineville, his command consisting of my cavalry, one piece of artillery, and 20 men of infantry hauled in a wagon. At 7 o'clock in the morning of the 6th I received the order to immediately return to camp, as the enemy were approaching. I instantly moved forward on the Maysville and Bentonville

