
Volunteers, Forty-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, and the flying battery having come at the same time. After a halt of a few minutes General Sigel and staff came and ordered to pursue the enemy. We followed the enemy within 2 miles from Keetsville, Mo., making many prisoners. Encamped there. Received intelligence that a body of the enemy camped 1 mile from our halting place.

March 9, started at 2 o'clock a.m. Followed the enemy through Keetsville, Mo. Seeing the impossibility of coming up with him returned to Keetsville, and after a rest of a few hours returned in a heavy rain to our old camp, back near the battle-ground.

Very respectfully,

A. H. POTEN,

Major, Commanding Seventeenth Regiment Missouri Volunteers.

Brigadier General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding First and Second Divisions.

No. 35. Reports of Major General Earl Van Dorn, C. S. Army, commanding Trans-Mississippi District.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,March 9, via Hog Eye, March 10, [1862].

Fought the enemy, about 20,000 strong, 7th and 8th, at Elkhorn, Ark. Battle first day from 10 a.m. until after dark; loss heavy on both sides. Generals McCulloch and McIntosh and Colonel Hebert were killed; Generals Price and Slack were wounded-General Price, flesh wound in the arm; the others badly wounded, if not mortally; many officers killed and wounded; but as there is some doubts in regard to several, I cannot yet report their names. Slept on the battle-field first night, having driven the enemy from their position. The death of Generals McCulloch and McIntosh and Colonel Herbert early in the action threw the troops on the right under their commands in confusion. The enemy took a second and strong position. Being without provisions and the right wing somewhat disorganized, determined to give battle on the right on their front for the purpose only of getting off the field without the danger of a panic, which I did with success, but with some losses.

I am now encamped with my whole army 14 miles west [of] Fayetteville, having gone entirely around the enemy. I am separated from my train, but think it safe on the Elm Springs road to Boston Mountains. The reason why I determined to give battle at once upon my arrival to assume command of the army I will give in report at an early day.

EARL VAN DORN,

General, Commanding.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON,

Decatur.

[Copy to the Secretary of War.]
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Van Buren, Ark., March 18, 1862.

SIR: I avail myself of the opportunity offered me by the departure of Dr. O. B. Knobe for Richmond to inform you that the entire army I

