
So far as I can ascertain our loss amounts to about 600 killed and wounded and 200 prisoners, and one cannon, which, having become disabled, I ordered to be thrown into a ravine.

The best information I can procure of the enemy's loss places his killed at more than 700, with at least an equal number of wounded. We captured about 300 prisoners, making his total loss about 2,000. We brought away four cannon and ten baggage wagons, and we burned upon the field three cannon taken by McIntosh in his brilliant charge. The horses having been killed, these guns could not be brought away.

The force with which I went into action was less than 14,000 men. That of the enemy is variously estimated at from 17,000 to 24,000.

During the whole of this engagement I was with the Missouri division, under Price, and I have never seen better fighters than these Missouri troops and more gallant leaders than General Price and his officers. From the first to the last shot they continually pushed on and never yielded an inch they had won, and when at last they received the order to fall back they retired steadily and with cheers. General Price received a severe wound early in the action, but would neither retire from the field nor cease to expose himself to danger.

No successes can repair the loss of the gallant dead who fell on this well-fought field. McCulloch was the first to fall. I had found him, in the frequent conferences I had with him, a sagacious, prudent counselor, and a bolder soldier never died for his country.

McIntosh had been very much distinguished all through the operations which have taken place in this region; and during my advance from Boston Mountains I placed him in command of the cavalry brigade and in charge of the pickets. He was alert, daring, and devoted to his duty. His kindness of disposition, with his reckless bravery, had attached the troops strongly to him, so that after McCulloch fell, had he remained to lead them, all would have been well with my right wing. But after leading a brilliant charge of cavalry and carrying the enemy's battery he rushed into the thickest of the fight again at the head of his old regiment and was shot through the heart. The value of these two officers was best proven by the effect of their fall upon the troops. So long as brave deeds are admired by our people the names of McCulloch and McIntosh will be remembered and loved.

General Slack, after gallantly maintaining a long-continued and successful attack, was shot through the body; but I hope his distinguished services will be restored to his country.

A noble boy, [S.] Churchill Clark, commanded a battery of artillery, and during the fierce artillery actions of the 7th and 8th was conspicuous for the daring and skill which he exhibited. He fell at the very close of the action. Colonel Rives fell mortally wounded many gallant gentlemen were I remember him as one of the most energetic and devoted of them all.

To Colonel Henry Little my especial thanks are due for the coolness, skill, and devotion with which for two days he and his gallant brigade bore the brunt of the battle. Colonel Burbridge, Colonel Rosser, Colonel Gates, Major Lawther, Major Wade, Captain MacDonald, and Captain Schaumberg are some of those who attracted my special attention by their distinguished conduct.

In McCulloch's division, the Louisiana regiment, under Colonel Louis Hebert, and the Arkansas regiment, under Colonel McRae, are especially mentioned for their good conduct. Major Montgomery, Captain

