
Bradfute, Lieutenants Lomax, Kimmmel, Dillon, and Frank Armstrong, assistant adjutant-general, were ever active and soldierly. After their services were no longer required with their own division they joined my staff, and I am much indebted to them for the efficient aid they gave me during the engagement of the 8th. They are meritorious officers, whose value is lost to the service by their not receiving rank more accordant with their merit and experience than that they now hold.

Being without my proper staff, I was much gratified by the offer of Colonel Shands and Captain Barrett, of the Missouri Army, of their services as aides. They were of great assistance to me by the courage and intelligence with which they bore my orders; also Colonel Lewis, of Missouri.

None of the gentlemen of my personal staff, which the exception of Colonel Maury, assistant adjutant-general, and Lieutenant C. Sulivane, my aide-de-camp, accompanied me from Jacksonport, the others having left on special duty. Colonel Maury was of invaluable service to me both in preparing for and during the battle. Here, as on other battle-fields where I have served with him, he proved to be a zealous patriot and true soldier; cool and calm under all circumstances, he was always ready, either with his sword or his pen. His services and Lieutenant Sulivane's were distinguished. The latter had his horse killed under him while leading a charge, the order for which he had delivered.

You will perceive from this report, general, that, although I did not, as I hoped, capture or destroy the enemy's army in Western Arkansas, I have inflicted upon it a heavy blow and compelled him to fall back into Missouri. This he did on the 16th instant.

For further details concerning the action and for more particular notices of the troops engaged I respectfully refer you to the reports of the subordinate officers, which accompany this report.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Commanding, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST,Memphis, Tenn., April 20, 1862.

GENERAL: I regret to find that in my report of the battle of Elkhorn no mention was made of the excellent conduct of Lieutenant L. C. Leftwich, of General McCulloch's staff. After exhibiting great courage and energy during the engagement of that division he joined my staff and rendered me very great assistance during the action of the 8th. I desire to bring him to your notice as a gallant and meritorious young officer.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

No. 36. Report of Brigadier General Albert Pike, C. S. Army, commanding Department of Indian Territory.

DWIGHT MISSION, CHEROKEE NATION, IND. T.,

March 14, 1862.

SIR: On February 25 I reached Cantonment Davis, near Fort Gibson, with Colonel Cooper's Choctaw and Chickasaw battalion, which had

