
commanded at that time by Lieutenant-Colonel Quayle, Colonel Sims having been wounded in the morning; Colonel Embry's regiment, and my own, the Third Texas Cavalry, with Captain Hart's battery of four pieces. These constituted my entire command remaining on the field. The most of these regiments went into the engagement with greatly reduced numbers and came out mere skeletons. My effective force could not have exceeded 3,000 men, and they were exhausted with fatigue and the want of good food and water.

At 10 o'clock, after consultation with all the leading officers around me, I determined to issue the order to take up the line of march at 1 a.m. and join General Price's division. Dispatching a messenger with a statement of our condition, the number of my forces, accompanied with a copy of the order of march to the general commanding, giving the time to return before the hour of 1 a.m., in case it did not meet with his approbation. The messenger returned before the above-stated hour with an order to move as soon and as rapidly as possible, and take a position on the Telegraph road.

At 1.30 we took up the line of march and before day reached the Telegraph road, and there awaited further orders.

About sunrise an order reached me from the commander-in-chief, stating that the enemy was advancing. A guide was sent me to conduct me to a position on the left of our army.

When I reached a point not exceeding a mile from the right wing of our army the fight was renewed by heavy cannonading on both sides. Very soon I reached my position on the left, forming the infantry, regiments in two parallel lines and the cavalry in the same way, with the head of these columns resting on the right of the infantry. I was instructed then to hold this position and await further orders.

After remaining in his position about two hours an order was received by me from the commanding general to fall back on the Huntsville road some mile or mile and a half, leaving one regiment of cavalry on the ground to take position to relieve Colonel Little, who was covering our rear. When at the distance of about a mile an order reached me from the commanding general, directing me to close up my infantry and move down the road, keeping the cavalry on the right and left of the road, out of the way of the troops in the rear.

It is with great pleasure I would bring to your favorable notice the names of Captain Bradfute, Dotson, Frank Armstrong, and Hardeman, Major Montgomery, Lieutenants Heimes and Edwards. These officers aided and assisted me on the evening of the 7th and on the 8th. Captain Dotson, aide-de-camp, and Captain Bradfute, as adjutant-general, were prompt and efficient in assisting me in forming the division in line of battle, and they both deserve great credit for their coolness and energy.

Yours, very respectfully,

E. GREER,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

Colonel D. H. MAURY,

A. G., Trans-Mississippi District.

No. 38. Report of Colonel Edward McNair, Fourth Arkansas Infantry,

MEMPHIS, TENN., April 29, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report to you the action of my regiment

