
so, and about 2 a.m. on March 8, by his order, I united my command with the forces which had been under his immediate command on the Telegraph road.

The loss in my own regiment was 16 killed and 38 wounded. Some 40 were found missing after the battle, but all except 5 or 6 have since then rejoined the regiment.

The officers and men who came under my observation behaved in a manner not only worthy of themselves, but of the sacred cause in which they were engaged; and though doubtless many others whom I did not observe acted in an equally noble manner, and I cannot, therefore, do them justice in this report, yet I must particularize the following persons, whose actions I noted:

In my own regiment Lieutenant-Colonel [Samuel] Ogden and Major [James H.] May nobly performed their duty, cool and intrepid, encouraging and rallying the men. They placed me under my obligations.

Captain Rufus K. Garland, during the whole battle, constantly engaged in rallying and encouraging his men and leading them on to the attack, was of invaluable assistance to me.

Captain John M. Simpson charged the enemy's battery to the cannon's mouth; and springing upon one of the guns, while waving his sword and cheering his men, fell mortally wounded by a volley from the enemy, thus nobly offering up his life for his country.

Captain Josephus C. Tison, who led the van in the same charge, while leading on his men, fell severely wounded in both legs a few paces from the cannon.

Captain F. J. Erwin, early in the action, had been shot through the body, and I thus had been deprived of the services of one of my most efficient officers.

Capts. Jos. B. McCulloch and Augustus Kile, by their personal coolness and intrepidity during the entire engagement, did much to encourage and sustain the men.

Lieutenant Henry G. Bunn, my adjutant, rendered efficient service during the whole engagement, and was wounded by the explosion of a shell on the head as we were retiring form the field.

Mr. Willaim Garland, who voluntarily participated in the whole engagement, proved himself a good and valiant soldier, and rendered me great assistance.

Captain W. J. Ferguson, my quartermaster, who acted as my aide during the whole engagement, conducted himself with marked ability and intrepidity.

I must also be permitted to make most honorable mention of Captains Harris, Gunnels, and Gilmore, of the Third Louisiana Regiment, who during the whole engagement showed themselves thorough soldiers and gallant on their men, ardent, yet acting with the steadiness of veterans. They by their conduct that day proved themselves worthy of their gallant State and the regiment which had so nobly fought during this entire war.

With respect, I am, your obedient servant,

E. McNAIR,

Colonel, Commanding Fourth Arkansas Regiment.

General D. H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Trans-Mississippi District.

