
some one to throw his pieces in battery, ready to open fire upon the enemy in that direction, at the same time ordering me to form my regiment on the left of it. This was done. Soon afterwards I was ordered to dismount my command and hold at all hazards a hill, which was the most prominent position on the battle-field. This hill commanded our portion of the field. Leaving our horses in the rear, we took position on the hill. I soon found the enemy had the range of the same from their batteries beyond it. Here we remained during the engagement on our side of the field, anxiously awaiting orders. I dispatched several messengers for orders, but could not learn the whereabouts of either of the generals. Soon after these messengers were dispatched by me the adjutant-general rode up. I asked him where General McCulloch was. He replied that if the troops down on the right did not do better than they had done for the last few moments I had best move my command. Soon afterwards Colonel McRae passed us on our force. About this time heavy bodies of our infantry, cavalry, and artillery were seen moving to our rear. After a consultation with my officers, and finding it impossible to receive any orders from either Generals McCulloch or McIntosh, I moved my regiment back to their horses, and took position in the field near where we were in the morning when the masked battery of the enemy opened fire upon us. I then went in person in search of Generals McCulloch and McIntosh. I soon met with the staff of the two generals, who informed me that each one of them was dead, and that I was senior officer on the field. I made inquiry for Brigadier-General Pike, and was informed that he was not present. The firing had ceased on both sides before this. I at once assumed command of our remaining forces on the field.

The following is a list of the killed and wounded of my command in the two engagements, embracing also a list of the killed and wounded horses:*

In conclusion, I deem it my duty to notice the gallant bearing and conduct throughout the entire engagement of Lieutenant-Colonel Lane, Major G. W. Chilton, Adjt. M. D. Ector, Capts. R. H. Cumby, Thomas W. Winston, J. J. A. Barker, Lieuts. J. S. Boggess, J. P. McKay, and others. As a general thing both the officers and privates of my command acquitted themselves with great gallantry and coolness through out the engagement.

E. GREER,

Colonel, Commanding Third Texas Cavalry.

Colonel D. H. MAURY,

Adjutant-General, Trans-Mississippi District.

No. 40. Report of Lieutenant Colonel Walter P. Lane, Third Texas Cavalry.

REGIMENTAL HDQRS. SOUTH KANSAS-TEXAS Regiment,

Camp Wigfall, March 18, 1862.

COLONEL: Amid the confusion and active operation in the reorganization of the army I have been so much occupied as to preclude an

---------------

*Nominal list shows loss is 2 killed, 12 wounded. No report found of horses lost.

---------------

