
under my command, composed of the following companies: My own, commanded by Lieutenant Scott; Captain Parker's, command by Lieutenant Caldwell; Captain King's, command in person; and Captain Flannagan's, command by Lieutenant Callaway. In consequence of the companies being reduced by sickness and leave of absence, the whole number my command amounted to only 130 men.

On the morning of the 26th December, after marching 10 miles, we came in sight of the encampment of the enemy, between whom and our advance guard an animated fire soon ensued. In obedience to your order I took position in the center, Colonels Greer and Stone's regiment on my right and Colonel Young's regiment and Captain Bennett's company on my left. At the command we charged the enemy, who were positioned at a distance of 200 yards in the timber, and firing upon us from the points of the hills and valleys between. After our first fire they fell back among cliffs of rocks. We then dismounted, again attacked them, and again routed them. Finding that we could not overtake them on foot, we returned to our horses and followed up the retreat for 2 miles. Coming in sight of them, we again charged and routed them. We followed up the retreat for 3 miles, shooting and cutting the enemy down all along the route. i estimate that we killed from 80 to 100. I had none killed.

The following is a list of the wounded, viz:

My own company: Private J. G. Humphrey, dangerously; Private W. C. Eppler, dangerously; Private M. G. Blaylock, wounded in the arm; Private Riley Nicholson, slightly.

Captain Parker's company: William McCarthey, wounded in the head. Robert D. Bolton, wounded slightly.

Officers and men under my command fought bravely and did their whole duty.

WM. GIPSON,

Senior Captain, Commanding Bat. Second Ark. Mounted Riflemen.

Colonel McINTOSH, Commanding.

No. 15. Report of Captain H. S. Bennett, Lamar Cavalry Company, of engagement at Chustenahlah, Cherokee Nation.

I beg leave to state that on the day of the battle I had in my command 40 men, and that we formed in line for battle about 12 noon, and in a very short time made a charge on the enemy, then stationed about 300 yards distant, who instantly upon the charge being made fell back upon the opposite side of a ravine, covered with bush and vine, and on our approach to that point we received orders to dismount; but finding the enemy at such a distance, retreating and firing, I immediately ordered my company to remount and charge; but before reaching the base of the mountain the enemy had ascended its top and made a stand, and as we charged to the top a steep and rocky mountain we encountered a very heavy fire from the enemy, about 100 strong. We ascended the mountain in good order, and made a desperate charge and at once put the enemy to flight. The enemy retreated in disorder. Occasionally from ambush or the cover of trees and rocks we received their deadly shots, and in this manner the conflict continued until we

