
captured from the enemy. This duty, in conjunction with Colonel Gates' regiment, Missouri troops, was performed safely, although my men and horses were nearly exhausted. To the officers and men of my command I feel profoundly grateful for the gallant discharge of every duty devolved upon them, and commend them individually and commenced them individually and collectively to the Government.

I have the honor to remain, yours, most respectfully,

W. P. LANE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Colonel E. GREER,

Commanding South Kansas-Texas Regiment.

Numbers 41. Reports of Colonel B. W. Stone, Sixth Texas Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH TEXAS CAVALRY,Oliver's Store, Ark., March 12, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor of reporting to you the action of the Sixth regiment Texas cavalry, under my command, in the late battle at Sugar Creek:

The five mounted regiments under the command of the late General McIntosh were formed in column in the timber west of the field occupied by the enemy, and were thus marched into the field, our gallant McIntosh at the head and intrepidly marching on the foe. When about 300 yards from the enemy's lines a large force of cavalry was discovered southeast of our then marching position, bearing the colors of the Stars and Stripes. At this moment from that point three heavy guns opened upon our columns a most destructive and galling fire, which mainly affected our second battalions. The regiment of Colonel Greer was on our extreme right, and next was the regiment under my command. At this moment the order was given to charge, and in an instant our gallant columns were pouring a destructive fire in the face of the enemy, and at once they abandoned their guns, and they were taken by our troops and secured.

The column under my command after, the guns were taken, bore to the left and formed line immediately in front of the infantry of the enemy, under a galling fire of infantry and a shower of grape and shell from their artillery. My regiment was then ordered to the rear, and executed the command in the most perfect order. I then reformed them in the open field, and my regiment then stood in ranks unmoved, with the batteries playing full upon us. Having been reserved as the only mounted regiment in the field my position, receiving no order on account of the fall - the fated fall - of our illustrious Generals McCulloch and McIntosh, until late in the evening, at which time some of our columns were retreating and the enemy attempting to flank our left. I wheeled my command in position to defend against the flanking movement. After being under march for this purpose I was ordered by General Pike to protect the retreat and preserve our trains, which command I obeyed through many difficulties, and brought off the entire division train and all of the public property. I had no further connection with the fight; a fact much regretted by the brave officers and men under my command.

