
I am specially grateful to Major L. S. Ross for his coolness and intrepidity; to Lieutenant D. R. Gurley, adjutant; Lieutenant Porter, sergeant-major, and very captain and lieutenant in the regiment. All the officers and men are worthy of the highest praise.

Nothing could so completely have cast a gloom over my command as the untimely fall of our generals, and to their fall may be attributed whatever of disaster befell us. There are but 19 killed, wounded, and missing of my regiment.

I will here state, in behalf of the soldier-like bearing of my men, that they were at all times in ranks, and as cheerful and ready to form in the shower of lead around them as they ever were in camps when called to drill or dress parade, and did so with the same dispatch.

I am, general, with Consideration of the highest regard, your obedient servant,

B. WARREN STONE,

Colonel Sixth Regiment Texas Cavalry.

DES ARC, ARK., April 14, 1862.

GENERAL: In this report of the part taken by the troops under my command in the late action at Elkhorn, to do them justice for their services. I must detail the events of a few preceding the engagement:

On February 17, while in winter quarters, I received orders to march with dispatch through Fayetteville in the direction of the enemy. In six hours my men were in the saddle, train men route, ammunition distributed, and the march begun. I made 20 miles the same day and encamped on the north side of Boston Mountains.

At daylight the following morning the troops were on the move. Receiving orders during the day urging me forward, I hastened, fed my stock by the road-side, and made a march of 54 miles to Cross Hollow, where we arrived at 10 p. m., through continuous rain and sleet and Egyptian darkness.

Next morning I was detailed to destroy the winter quarters in the vicinity of Cross Hollow and to bring up and protect the rear of the army, which was then falling back on Boston Mountains. As the thick, curling, volumes of smoke and lurid glare of flame arose from Camp Benjamin my troops doggedly turned to the duty rear guard for the army, and maintained this position until we were encamped upon the mountain.

Major L. S. Ross, of my command, was then called for to take a scouting party in rear of the enemy and cut off his rear. This duty was most gallantly performed by attacking a portion of the enemy's army at Keetsville, killing 25 of his number, capturing 9, and destroying much of his train and commissary supplies. The major returned with wearied, conquering heroes from the field without the loss of a man, although he met the very blaze of their guns only a few feet distant. I cannot too highly estimate the chivalry and gallantry of this intrepid, daring knight, nor too highly appreciate the prudence and administrative ability of this officer, although but a boy, has now done, the full appreciation and admiration of our executive, and securing his fullest confidence. It is with pride that I thus bear testimony to the distinguished merits of my brave major, L. S. Ross.

