
After your advance movement was taken against the enemy at Sugar Creek my immediate brigadier-general (McIntosh) detailed my regiment to make a demonstration against the enemy at Mud Town and Cross Hollow, while the entire army moved by Elm Springs towards Bentonville. This order was delivered to me on the 5th, and was executed as I will now detail: I moved my troops, unsupported either by artillery or infantry, to the batteries of the enemy at Mud Town, but their guns having the best range possible at my column and being heavily supported by infantry, with overwhelming odds against us, I determined to seek a better field. By meeting Colonel Phelps, with his regiment, who was in our rear on the Huntsville road, I turned my column in that direction and succeeded in capturing 40 prisoners, 10 wagons with six-mule teams, some loose mules, and a lot of horses. Captain Jack Wharton late in the evening had a spirited picket skirmish and drove in the enemy's pickets.

I bivouacked at night in a strong natural position, looking for the columns of the enemy until next morning, when we marched and joined the troops in the skirmish at Bentonville on the 6th.

On the morning of the 7th General McIntosh led our cavalry columns against the enemy at 11.30 o'clock, and unexpectedly met him. He at once opened a galling and destructive fire upon our ranks from his left. The order to charge was immediately given, and the heavens resounded with the tramp of warriors' steeds as they swept the field and rushed impetuously on the enemy's battery. My regiment gallantry led in this most brilliant charge, which was but momentarily withstood by the enemy, who left his guns in the most precipitous flight. The first three companies, under Captains Wharton, Throckmorton, and Bridges, poured a most destructive fire upon the enemy near his guns, killing near 80 of his number. Thanks to these gallant officers for their promptness, valor, and success. Passing the batteries with my troops, I drew up in line of battle yards distant from the enemy's line of infantry, supporting heavy guns immediately in our front, which at once began a destructive fire upon us. I waited for orders for a general charge, but was directed to withdraw to a greater distance, which I did in the most perfect order. My troops were the only ones to be left mounted during the day on our right, and forming again in the rear of our former line, we stood, during the balance of the day, the continued fore of ball, shell, and shot from the enemy's guns without wavering or complaint and with the sternness of veterans of a hundred battles. All credit to my brave troops.

About the time of our second formation of line our distinguished leader, the gallant, chivalrous McCulloch, fell, embalming his country's cause with his own blood, and depriving his admiring soldierly of their military chieftain and idol. But a short time after this and near the same portion of the field fell Brigadier General James McIntosh, in whose courage the troops had the most implicit confidence. May history do their characters justice and later years appreciate their loss as we felt it on that duty. Several hours elapsed before I knew certainly of their sad fate, during which time I dispatched officers and aides to every part of the field for orders, but who invariably returned without them, leaving me in the most perplexed condition and mental anguish.

Learning certainly of the death of our generals, I dispatched Major Ross, of my regiment, to you for orders and to give you the true condition of our end of the field. During his absence I was ordered by General Pike to cover the retreat of the infantry (who were then with-

