
drawing from the field) and our train, at that moment threatened by a large force of infantry from the enemy. This I did at once, with the determination of obeying the order and returning to the field, but was afterwards ordered to the arduous and dangerous duty of protecting the train to the mountains. This I accomplished with the prompt assistance of Majors Brooks and Crump, with their battalions; Captain [L. G.] Harmans, of Colonel Young's regiment, and provence's battery, of four guns, under Lieutenant McDonald.

I am under special obligations to these officers for their aid and officer-like bearing, as also to Colonel King, who was in command of a regiment of Arkansas militia. I brought off in safety the entire train of Price's and McCulloch's division of the army.

During the days immediately preceding the battle [my] men took, all told, 70 prisoners, for which I am indebted to Major Ross and Captain R. M. White - than whom there are no better scouting officers in the Confederate Army.

On the battle-field my first battalions was immediate under the command of Major Ross; the second, under the command of Lieutenant D. R. Gurley. Both these officers discharged their whole duty to my full satisfaction.

I am under obligations to me sergeant-major (Porter) and my aides (J. A. Echols and G. Graves) for their efficiency and promptness in executing my orders; indeed, officers and men by their conduct have inspired me with the fullest confidence, and now I think they will follow me to danger or death or wherever duty calls.

I regretted much the temporary absence of my lieutenant-colonel (J. S. Griffin), which deprived him of the privilege of mingling in the fight.

Having thus reported to you the part taken by my men, I have only to report 19 men killed, wounded, and missing from my ranks, and the heavy loss of 30 horses lost in action.

You will please receive, general, assurances of my high consideration.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. WARREN STONE,

Colonel Sixth Texas Cavalry.

General EARL VAN DORN,

Commanding Trans-Mississippi District.

Numbers 42. Report of Major General Sterling Price, commanding Missouri State Guard (Confederate).
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp Ben. McCulloch, Mo., March 22, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit to Major-General Van Dorn the following report of the part taken by the Missouri troops in the action of the 6th, 7th, and 8th instant:

That officer having arrived at Cove Creek and assumed command of and my army under his orders, and in obedience to these took up the line of march in the direction of Bentonville on the morning of March 4, provided with three days' cooked rations, and leaving my baggage and supply trains to follow slowly in the rear.

