
only to be repulsed with greater spirit, Colonel Rivers sternly holding his position, from which his men did not yield an inch of ground.

After an interval of thirty minutes the enemy, with two pieces of artillery, were observed advancing against our right, occupied by Colonel Burbridge and General Slack. Major Lindsay, of the Sixth Division, arriving on the ground with small body of infantry, I directed him to the support of Colonel Burbridge's position, on the left. Thus supported, Colonel Burbridge advanced, driving the enemy before him. This movement was supported on the left by the simultaneous advance of Colonel Rives' and Gates' regiments, which speedily occupied the heights lately crowned by the enemy's batteries. Here we found a broken caisson and a quantity of ammunition and several dead and wounded horses, showing the destructive of our batteries on the enemy's position.

After a considerable interval the batteries of the enemy renewed the fight by a heavy fire directed against our lines from the road in front of the Elkhorn Tavern. A brisk reply from Guibor's battery, which I had placed imposition on the road to the left of Rives' infantry, very speedily checked the bold assault of our opponents, who, gradually slackening their fire, answered only by an occasional round from their guns. Meantime our ambulances were summoned to the field. After our wounded had been removed, the wounded of the enemy, who thickly strewed the ground, were removed to our hospitals in the rear.

Colonel Burbridge's command having been much weakened by their prominent position during the action of the day, now called for re-enforcements. General Frost, whose brigade had been ordered up to my support in compliance with my request, advanced his command to Colonel Burbridge's support, taking position to the left of Lindsay's battalion, on the slope of the ridge to his rear, with the ravine intervening.

About this time I received instructions from General Van Dorn to the effect that General Price was about to make an assault on the extreme left of the enemy's line. With this information was coupled an order for me to advance my whole line so soon as the heavy firing on our left should give the signal of the attack under General Price. Colonel Burbridge's regiment having been pressed forward somewhat in advance of Colonel Rives' regiment, I ordered Colonel Burbridge to fall back, and forming my command into line, awaited the expected signal.

It was very late in the day when the sharp battle of small-arms in the direction of our extreme left announced the moment for action. I ordered the charge. My men advanced in one unbroken line. We met the foe. For a few seconds he resisted, and the fell back before our lines, as with a shout of triumph Rives' and Gates' regiments dashed onward past the Elkhorn Tavern, and we stood on the ground where the enemy had formed in the morning. Here, too, Burbridge's command halted after forcing the enemy's position on the right, and came into line, having Lindsay's battalion and a portion of Frost's division, under Colonel Colton Greene and Shaler, on his left and resting on the Elkhorn buildings. Two pieces of the enemy's cannon, with an artillery camp, commissary and sutler's stores, fell into our hands, captured by the assault of Gates' and Rives' regiments.

A renewal of the enemy's fire by a battery placed in position on the road was answered by Guibor's battery, of Frost's brigade. For more than thirty minutes we contested the position against a brisk fire of artillery, when, General Price having forced the left wing of the enemy from the ground he had occupied by General Van Dorn's order, my command again charged the enemy's lines, driving them from the woods

