
under direction of their captains, P. S. Senteny, George Butler, and Thomas M. Carter, following the artillery, which had retreated up the Telegraphed road. Being here threatened by a charge of the enemy's cavalry, now in pursuit, these three companies formed into line and delivered so severe a fire into the advancing squadron as to effectively repulse their charge and leave the artillery force to pursue its march.

For their gallant conduct on this occasion too much praise cannot be bestowed on Captains Senteny, Butler, and Carter.

Our line, having fallen back on the Huntsville road, continued its retreat in good order.

In the fall of Colonel Rives the brigade sustained a severe loss, such a one as the Army of the Missouri could not many times encounter and yet preserve its prestige as a band of gallant and devoted patriots; for true as may be the courage of the individual soldiers who fill our ranks, yet of a truth we have but few such officers as was our late brother in arms. A brave and gallant soldier; a prudent and accomplished officer, and, as every man of his command knows from experience, a dear, kind friend, ever solicitous for their comfort, ever interested in their well-being. Peace to his ashes, and may his name be held in veneration. Our exalted respect for this gallant soldier and Christian gentleman was second only to the deep affection with which we cherish the memory and virtues of that youthful martyr to the cause of liberty S. Churchill Clark; a child in simplicity and purity of character, a boy in years, but soldier in spirit and a hero in action, his character at the age of nineteen years was obnoxious to no imputation of enemies or frivolities which, alas, but too frequently characterize youths who have not attained more than half his years. His life was useful to him only so far as it might be useful to his country, and to her liberation and the defense of her constitutional rights were all his energies consecrated. Had he lived, who can estimate the height of rank he would have attained and the elevation of the niche of fame in which a grateful people would have ashrined his memory? But mayhap it is better as Heaven ordained. He had passed away before corruption had beguiled his heart or the whisperings of malice detracted from his fair repute. Were it not a crime against God's Providence, our hearts would envy the rest of the silent but honored grave.

Of the officers of the First Brigade, my companions in arms and sharers in the responsible duties which associate us in command of them, I fain would speak, and by name commenced them for their courage and fidelity, were it not that such a catalogue would necessarily embrace the whole roster of command. To each and all I am indebted for whatever merit may accrue to the honor of the First Brigade or the success of its achievements.

To Colonels Gates and Burbridge; Lieutenant-Colonels Chiles, Hull, and Pritchard; Majors Lawther, Dwyer, and Hubbell; Captain Wade, and Lieutenant Farrington great praise is due for their prudence and fidelity on the march and energy and gallantry on the field. Colonels Hill, Shaler, Colton Greene, and Major Whitfield have my warmest thanks for the manner in which, with their commands, they supported my movements in the field. Lieutenant Farris, who succeeded to the command of the battery after the fall of Clark, behaved with much gallantry, succeeding in bringing off his guns without loss under a heavy fire from the enemy. Sergeant Nelson, of the same battery, was conspicuous for his coolness and courage in covering with his gun the movement of the battery when ordered to retire, keeping up a repeated

