
fire on the enemy's line until the last of the battery had limbered up and moved away.

To my personal staff, Wright C. Schaumberg, my acting assistant adjutant-general, and Captain Francis Von Phul, my acting aide, my thanks are particularly due for their promptness in carrying my orders to different parts of the field under the heaviest fire. Captain Schaumberg rendered me the greatest assistance in keeping the line in order while retiring before the enemy. Major Clark Kennerly, acting ordnance officer, rendered efficient service in carrying orders and supplying the troops with ammunition on the field. Mr. Charles Byser, who on the first day acted as volunteer aide, also has my thanks.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY LITTLE,

Colonel, Commanding First Brigade.

Captain B. H. BRAND, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 44. Report of Colonel Thomas H. Rosser, commanding Second Brigade, Confederate Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE CONFED. VOL. CAV.,Camp Ben. McCulloch, Ark., March 21, 1862.

GENERAL: In compliance with the duty imposed upon me as the ranking officer of my brigade, occasioned by a severe wound received by General William Y. Slack on the morning of the 7th instant, I have the honor to report such of the particulars of the battle of Elkhorn as came under my immediate view and connected particularly with my command:

At an early hour on the morning of the 7th instant, simultaneously with the general moving of the army, General Slack ordered the entire infantry of the brigade, composed of the battalions of Colonel J. T, Hughes, Major R. S. Bevier, and that under my command, to march in the direction of Trott's Hill, or Sugar Mountain, which order was promptly obeyed. The column had barely deployed into line of battle near the summit of the mountain when we encountered a sharp volley of musket and rifle balls from the enemy, producing but little effect, however, in our ranks. The stock to our new recruits was only momentary, and in a few moments our brave general so disposed the men as not only to protect them from injury, but resulted in the entire rout of the enemy from his ambuscade.

With deep regret I have to state that at the early part of this engagement General Slack received a severe and painful wound in the region of the hip, which compelled him at once to leave the field, and by his order I assumed the command of the brigade. My horse was also killed under me without injury to myself.

As soon as it was ascertained from the scouts which had been sent to different portions of the mountain that the enemy had fled, the three battalions were so distributed, en echelon, as effectually to protect us from surprise, either upon our flanks, front, or rear. This distribution of the troops enabled the commands of Colonels Hughes and Bevier, aided by a detached company of my battalion, under the command of Lieutenant Jeptha Duncan to repulse a charge of a large body of cavalry

