
and of scattering them in every direction. The bravery of these officers and their men on this occasion deserves an special notice, There were various efforts upon the part of the enemy to regain the hill, but were in every instance repulsed by the bold and impetuous charges of our men.

The charge and capture of a bronze 6-pounder by the officers and men of the Second Battalion deserve especial notice in this report. Captain Samuel F. Taylor called my attention to the appearances of horses and the rumbling of artillery wheels ascending the hill on our extreme left. Simultaneously with this Lieutenant Eugene Erwin, of the same company, directed my attention to the fact that a 6-pounder was about to be planted within 150 yards obliquely to the left and front of our lines. The gun had not been unlimbered and was still in motion when a charge was ordered, and at once every member of the battalion rushed forward with the boldness of well-tried and disciplined troops, killing the horses and capturing the gun. This success inspired our men with great confidence in themselves, and having received an order from General Van Dorn to close the interval existing between Colonel Burnbridge's regiment, of the First Brigade, and my command, I ordered a forward movement of the entire brigade, which enabled us to attack the enemy on his left flank and rear. A charge was made at the double-quick a distance of 300 yards, and to our great gratification the enemy were dispersed and shot down in every direction. The men and many of the officers favored a charge on a battery of six guns which was in the field before us; but believing that it was heavily supported by infantry in ambush immediately in the woods beyond, and being separated from the balance of the army by some 400 yards, I returned with the command to the position formerly occupied by us.

With this charge closed the day, and at night my men, having ben refreshed by provisions which had been captured from the enemy, slept soundly, without tents, blankets, or fire, within sight of the Federal camp, which was immediately over the hill beyond us. Our charges having been successful in every instance, officers and men were sanguine that victory was ours, and that the following day would make successful our arms.

Early on the following morning, the 8th instant, in obedience to orders from headquarters, I caused the infantry of the brigade to be placed on the extreme right of the line of battle, which had been drawn up on the top of Sugar Mountain. Each battalion of the command received a shower of cannon ball and grape for at least an hour without the possibility of discharging a gun. At this time we were ordered to fall back, and in a short time afterwards I received the order to retreat, not, however, till most of the main army had left the field. I brought my command off in the best possible order, and no member of the command was aware that we were retreating till we were 5 miles from the battle-field.

The artillery of this brigade under the command of Captain William Lucas I have learned did noble work, and officers and men displayed much valor. The battery was detached from the brigade during the entire action. The guns were all brought safely from the field and are now in camp. The gun captured by my battalion was placed by your permission in this battery, but has been subsequently turned over to Captain MacDonald's battery by order of General Van Dorn.

Fort the part which the cavalry portion of this brigade had in this battle I refer you to the accompanying report of Colonel G. W. Riggins, of Colonel McCulloch's battalion.

