
In this report, which I make in a hurried manner, I would like to refer in an special way to the valorous and truly brave conduct of officers and men of the brigade; but suffice it to say that all did their duty well, withdrew from the field of action in common time, and not a man was whipped.

Our loss was 3 killed and 29 wounded.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS H. ROSSER,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, Confed. Vol. Cav.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Missouri State Guard.

Numbers 45. Report of Colonel John T. Hughes, Confederate Cavalry.

GENERAL: In the action which took place on March 7 and 8 between the Federal forces and those of Missouri and the Confederate States at Trott's Hill, or Sugar Mountain, near the State line, I have the honor of reporting to you the part taken by the troops placed under my command, consisting of two companies of infantry of the Fourth Division Missouri State Guard and my own regiment of Confederate Missouri Volunteers belonging to the Second Brigade, under General Slack, and also a squadron of light-horse under Major Gause. The Second Brigade, under General Slack, occupied the right of the line of battle of the Missouri forces and the troops of my command the extreme right of said brigade, resting upon the summit of Trott's Hill.

I took my first position on the east side hill, near the summit, on Friday morning, the 6th early in the day, at the commencement of the action, to the right of Colonels Rosser and Bevier. I threw out a body of skirmishers, some 30 in number, to prevent the enemy from turning our right flank and to guard against any surprise. We were soon attacked by a body of infantry, and a very sharp conflict ensued for perhaps an hour. The enemy were repulsed with considerable loss. Our loss was 1 man killed and 1 wounded. About the same time the other regiments of the brigade, under Colonels Rosser and Bevier, were engaged sharply with the enemy's infantry, capturing one piece of artillery and several prisoners.

About this time General Slack was severely wounded and taken from the field, when the command of the Second Brigade devolved upon Colonel Rosser. In the course of an hour after this a squadron of horse, said to be 1,300 strong, formed to attack my right, when we poured such a galling fire into their ranks as to completely disperse them. They fled precipitately down the steeps of the rocky hill, leaving several of them men and horses dead on the field, and overcoats, knapsacks, caps, hats, guns, and sabers strewn upon the ground.

I now ordered an advance, captured a Federal flag, gained the heights, and cleared the entire hill of the Federals, Colonels Rosser and Bevier's commands advancing at the same time. Our right now rested upon the summit of the mountain, having taken a strong position along the rocky margin on the south side, overlooking the enemy's

---------------

* But from a nominal list signed by T. J. Patton, assistant adjutant-general, it appears that the casualties in this brigade were 5 killed, 3 mortally wounded, and 34 wounded; total 42.

---------------

