
returned the fire, scattered the Federals, and pursued them, capturing 4 prisoners, 9 horses, and several guns. Before they got up to us I received another message, saying the ammunition must be brought up if possible. I accordingly detailed Colonel Porter, with 200 Indians from Colonel Stand Watie's command, to join Colonel Priest, and take a more circuitous route and try and get to the army. They succeeded in getting around, but the army had gone before their arrival. They made their way back to us, which they did by going west, joining us at Walnut Grove.

While at Elm Springs I had the co-operation of Colonel Stone, with his command and Broke's battalion, who took position 5 miles this side of Elm Springs, at a cross-road, to prevent a surprise by the enemy in front. Colonel Cooper, with his command, staid with me until we left Elm Springs. He and his command then took the road leading down the line.

The heavy rain fell Sunday morning caused the road to be very bad. We consequently had a very hard, tedious, tiresome march. We marched all night, keeping the force and artillery behind, scouts ahead and on each side, traveling in this way all night. As soon as we got to feed in the morning we fed our animals and took the road again, coming to Cove Creek Camp that night. We then took our march leisurely to this point. For the first 20 miles it was only through great exertion that the train could be kept moving.

I here avail myself of this opportunity to express my thanks to officers and men for their indefatigable exertions to push the train forward and the prompt manner in which they discharged all their duties. We lost but little on the road; some of the wagons, being heavy loaded were compelled to thrown overboard some few things of little value to lighten their loads. Some old, worthless wagons broke down, which we were compelled to leave, of course.

All things considered our loss was very trifling, although some wagoners inconsiderately threw out some good, now tents. They were picked up by those who followed. The whole train is safely here.

We found on the road two 6-pounder guns and two caissons about to be left for want of teams, their teams having given out. With our captured horses and by dismounting a few men we brought them through. We also found at Cove Creek a large lot of guns. Not feeling willing to leave them, we changed our loads, got three empty wagons and loaded them with guns, and brought them through with us.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. E. GREEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General STERLING PRICE, Commanding Mo. State Guard.

Numbers 48. Report of Colonel John B. Clark, jr., commanding Third Division, Missouri State Guard.

CAMP NEAR WHITE RIVER, ARK.,

March 11, 1862.

I have the honor to submit the following as the report of the part taken by the Third Division of the Missouri State Guard in the battle of Elkhorn:

This division left camp on Cover Creek on the morning of March 3,

