
No. 17. Report of Colonel Stand Watie, Second Cherokee Mounted Rifles, of skirmish with Creeks and Seminoles.
HEADQUARTERS, On Shoal Creek, December 28, 1861.

COLONEL: In the march upon the enemy yesterday the force under my command had proceeded some 20 or 25 miles when my scouts, under Captain Coody, reported the enemy in considerable force on the hills to my left. I immediately left the route you were pursuing and took my command to the place where the enemy had been seen. They had discovered my approach and retreated to strong positions among the hills and mountain gorges. I placed about half of the command under Major Boudinot, directing him to go to the left, while I took command of the rest to the right. The enemy was scattered over a large scope of country, much of it inaccessible to horses, but my men attacked the enemy wherever found, never failing to route them from their strongholds. The fight continued with intervals for two hours or more. What is quite remarkable, none of my men were either killed or wounded. According to the best estimates I can make of the loss of the enemy, it could not be less that 9 or 10 killed. I cannot tell the number of wounded, but I have reason to think it quite small. This estimate does not include the killed of the enemy by the force under Major Boudinot, whose reports of the doings of his command is herewith respectfully submitted. Captain Jumen and Captain Joe Thompson commanded the part of the force which I took charge of. The officers and men of their companies behaved with signal gallantry.

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,STAND WATIE,

Commanding Cherokee Regiment.

Colonel McINTOSH, Commanding.

No. 18. Report of Major E. C. Boudinot, Second Cherokee Mounted Rifles, of skirmish with Creeks and Seminoles.

HEADQUARTERS, Shoal Creek, December 28, 1861.

COLONEL: In obedience to your order I took charge of the left division of the force under you command in the attack made upon the enemy yesterday. The enemy were seen upon every hill and in every valley, and according to the best estimate we could make of their strength they must have numbered from 500 to 600 various. They made no determined stand, but were driven by our soldiers from point to point. Every man seemed anxious to be foremost, and the charges made upon the enemy over rocks, mountains, and valleys - the roughest country I ever saw - were made with the utmost enthusiasm, and with irresistible impetuosity. Although the firing was brisk and rapid for an hour and half, with intervals of following the enemy from one position to another, none of the men in my division were killed or wounded.

