
unteer aide, who behaved with distinguished coolness and gallantry throughout both days.

My loss was 9 killed and 32 wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. P. SAUNDERS,

Colonel, Commanding Fifth Division, Missouri State Guard.

Major General STERLING PRICE.

Numbers 51. Report of Major D. H. Londsay, commanding Sixth Division, Missouri State Guard.
HDQRS. SIXTH DIVISION, MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp Ben. McCulloch, Ark., March 19, 1862.

SIR: I desire to report to you the part the division I have the honor to command had in the late battle on the 7th and 8th instant.

Arriving in the vicinity of the battle ground in the order of march assigned, I halted my command, reported to yourself, and awaited orders. The first position assigned me was at the mouth of the hollow leading up to the tan-yard, with instructions to guard that and the main hollow leading east. Accordingly I placed two guns, each commanding the hollows, in such order that my entire battery of four field pieces could readily be brought to bear on either, and disposed of my infantry to support the battery. Captain Robert's company was deployed as skirmishers on the hill, and pickets were thrown out on commanding points and up the hollow east.

After remaining here some time we were ordered up the road to the top of hill to re-enforce Colonel Little. Having but about 90 men to support Captain Gorham's battery, I placed it under the command of Colonel Little, and formed my infantry in line between the First and Second Regiments of Colonel Little's brigade, and acted with it during the remainder of the battle.

Of the action of the battery Colonel Little Will doubtless give you a detailed account. The infantry were under my immediate observation during the greater part of the battle, and I am proud to bear testimony to the coolness and courage they displayed under the most terrific fire of the enemy. One limber and five horses were brought off the field by our division under a heavy fire of four guns.

Captain Gorham, of our battery, on Saturday morning returned to the battle ground in the face of the enemy and under a heavy fire of their guns, and brought off a 12-pounder howitzer that had been captured from the enemy. To do this he was compelled to leave behind a caisson filled with command. Such daring as this should be suitably rewarded, and, as our battery is in need of such a gun, I would respectfully petition that piece be added.

In the retreat my command was cut off from the army; but, under circumstances of great difficulty and by various routes, they have all rejoined it expect a few.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. HERNDON LINDSAY,

Major, Commanding Sixth Division, Missouri State Guard.

Major General STERLING PRICE, Commander Mo. State Guard.

---------------

* Nominal list of casualties shows 13 wounded and 34 missing.

---------------

