
gentleman assisted me with ability and zeal. Colonel Taylor particularly distinguished himself by his courageous disregard of the enemy's fire. His horse was killed under him by a round shot. Lieutenant-Colonel Magenis also had his horse shot under him at my side.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

D. M. FROST,

Brigadier General, Commanding Seventh and Ninth Divisions, Mo. S. G.

Captain WILLIAM H. BRAND,

Assistant Adjutant-Genera, Missouri State Guard.

Numbers 53. Report of Colonel Colton Greene, commanding Third Brigade Missouri Volunteers (Confederate).
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, MISSOURI VOLUNTEERS, C. S. A.,Camp near Van Buren, Ark., March 20, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit a report of the operation of my command in the actions of the 7th and 8th instant near Elkhorn Tavern:

In compliance with your order all the cavalry, expecting Captain Campbell's company, which fought as infantry, was dismounted before leaving camp in Boston Mountains, and which consisted of about 80 men, the remains of Colonel Fraziers and Colonel Freeman's regiments, Missouri State Guard, and squads of Confederates numbering 105. These were attached to the Confederate Infantry, together with parts of two companies of Colonel Schnable's Third Infantry, Missouri State Guard. I marched with 658 men on the 4th instant, leaving a strong camp guard behind.

On the morning of the 7th we reached the enemy's rear near the junction of the Bentonville and Spingfield roads, the command being somewhat reduced from the severity of the march. I was immediately ordered into position by you on the hill to the left of the road, where our batteries were first posted. Here we received the enemy's fire for two hours, sustaining a loss of 10 in wounded.

I was again ordered to the right, to support Colonel Burbridge, and advanced in line several hundred yards, when I found myself in close proximity to one of the enemy's batteries. Our guide was missing, and we had advance a considerable distance beyond Colonel Burbridge's position. The enemy opened on us with canister and shell, but my men, being well sheltered, sustained no inquiry. I held the position for thirty minutes, when we were fired into from one of our own batteries and were forced to fall back.

By your order I now took position on Colonel Burbridge's left, and advanced on the enemy, to the right of Elkhorn Tavern. The timber being obstructed by heavy undergrowth at this point, I was forced to oblique to the left, which movement brought me to the rear of the tavern, and here, by order, I took position on Colonel Rives' right, and co-operated with that gallant and lamented officer during the remainder of the action.

It was now late in the afternoon, when an advance was ordered by Colonel Henry Little, of the First Missouri Brigade. An open, unsheltered field lay between my men and the enemy. He was in force, and

