
After having marched the greater part of the night of the 6th instant without any other refreshment than a few hours' rest, we started at daylight on the 7th, and soon reached the Telegraph road, near which we were ordered to place our battery in position while a reconnaissance was being made. We soon advanced and took position in the canon with the artillery, while the infantry crowned the crests of the neighboring hills. About 10 a. m. we were ordered forward in double-quick time, and ascended a steep hill on the left, up which our artillery was rapidly rolled by the infantry, who there displayed the eagerness with which they pushed forward to meet the foe. By this movement we reached the same plateau upon which the enemy were posted, and our battery was brought into action under command of Lieutenant [C. W.] Higgins, but assigned by Colonel [H. M.] Bledsoe, of the Sixth Infantry, who had been in charge of it since the commencement of the war, and who had so signally distinguished himself as a brave officer and skillful field artillerist. Here our favorite old piece "Sacramento" found herself sustained by others, commanded by those who proved themselves during the day to be brave and gallant soldiers.

Captains Wade's and S. Churchill Clark's batteries on the right, with the Saint Louis Battery, under Captain Emmett MacDonald, on the left, formed a living wall of fire which Missouri may well be proud of and fearlessly trust to for defense. Here the artillery soon crippled and silenced the famous Dubuque Battery of the enemy, and as an opportunity occurred sustained the First Brigade of Missouri Volunteers, under Colonel Little, as it gallantly pressed forward the right wing of our line.

Meantime the infantry, under command of Colonel [William H.] Erwin, Lieutenant-Colonels [John P.] Bowman, [A. J.] Pearcy, and Stemmons, were held ready to support the batteries. As the right wing nobly pushed forward, gaining their ground inch by inch, the left, of which we formed a portion, was gradually advanced, and the enemy driven back until towards evening, when they concentrated their forces on their right wing, and took a strong position on the west and south sides of an open field, where they were protected by a breastwork of fence rails and logs.

From this point they opened a well-directed fire of artillery as our advancing column deployed along the east side of the same field. This was promptly replied to by Colonel Bledsoe, who, along with Captains MacDonald and Clark, dashed forward in the face of a murderous fire into the field itself. Our infantry, sustained by Brigadier-General Price's division, with other forces on the left, were also formed in the field. Here an order was received, through Colonel Clay Taylor, to move the batteries forward by hand, which was handsomely executed. Then came the battle. Fiercely was it fought, nobly was it won, under the very eye of their leaders. For a moment the infantry wavered and staggered under the fire of the enemy; but their ranks were soon closed and their hearts nerved by the rallying cry of their old veteran chief himself, who had so often led them to conquest, as, with his majestic form, he rode along the lines and bade them onward to victory. Like a "hurricane od steel" swept that infantry over the field, drove the enemy from his strong position, routed and pursued him through the woods until night closed the chase.

Our troops bivouacked upon the ground they had so nobly won, and the morning of the 8th instant found them, though exhausted and fatigued, flushed with the victories of the day previous, anxious to renew the fight. The enemy had not been idle, but during the night

