
had planted batteries of heavy artillery in a commanding position, which soon opened upon our lines. Our battery, with others, promptly replied and dealt destruction to the advancing columns of the foe. At this time I was ordered to take position in the field which had been won the night before, and consequently drew off my forces for that purpose. The movement was reluctantly obeyed by the whole of my command, as the enemy were then in sight and almost within reach. On arriving at the old field and reporting to Major-General Van Dorn I was ordered by him to march on the road towards Huntsville. For the first time I realized the fact - the fight was over; the victory within our grasp was lost.

To the officers and men of my command I must add my thanks to the praise they are entitled to from their country. The cool bravery of Colonel Erwin, Lieutenant-Colonels Bowman, Pearcy, and Stemmons, who had command of the infantry, will ever be gratefully remembered by me.

Captain Shelby acted with his well-drilled company during the day with Colonel Gates, on the extreme left, where he was much exposed and did efficient service. In the evening his men were dismounted and served under Lieutenant-Colonel Bowman in the gallant charge across the field. Colonel Bledsoe and Lieutenant Higgins managed the battery with their usual skill and daring.

To the members of my staff I am particularly indebted. Colonel [L. A.] MacLean, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant-Colonel [Walter S.] O'Kane, aide-de-camp, and Lieutenant-Colonels [George S.] Rathbun and [George W.] Haymakeur were with me on the field all the time and bore themselves gallantry in the thickest of the fight. As prompt, brave, and efficient officers I commenced them to your favorable notice. To Mr. W. K. Palmer and Majors Blane and Martin, with Sergeant-Major Orear, I tender my thanks for their services on the field.

Notwithstanding the dangers through which we passed, I am pleased to have to record so small a list of killed and wounded. It is hereby appended and make part of this report.*

On the march since the engagement the exposure was so great that I have the mourn the loss of some of our bravest and best men. Lieutenant-Colonel Bowman, of the Sixth Infantry, and Captain [Jesse] Darrow, of the Thirteenth Cavalry, with 6 of the rank and file, who all behaved so gallantly on the field, have fallen from fatigue and exhaustion. Such losses are not easily repaired. I am pleased to be able to state that Captain Powers' wounded is not considered mortal.

JAMES S. RAINS,

Brigadier General, Commanding Eighth Div., Missouri State Guard.

Captain BRAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Missouri State Guard.

Numbers 55. Report of Major D. Todd Samuels, commanding Price's escort.

CAMP BEN. McCULLOCH, March 21, 1862.

SIR: In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 24, I beg to make the following report:

Early on the morning of the 6th instant my command was ordered

---------------

* Nominal list shows 2 killed and 26 wounded.

---------------

