
forward to support Colonel Gates' regiment, then rapidly flanking the enemy, under command of Brigadier-General Sigel, on the right. Overtaking the enemy, I immediately deployed a line of skirmishers to annoy and harass them until further aid should arrive. The bravery and coolness of my skirmishers in exposing themselves to the fire of fifty times their numbers was to no purpose with impunity.

On the morning of the 7th, having been thrown forward in advance of the whole army, at 10 o'clock pursuing, I came upon the enemy in full force at Elkhorn Tavern. I immediately dismounted my command, and by a flank movement on the right obtained a favorable position, and succeeded in bringing on a general engagement. Attacked by ten times my force, I was compelled to fall back some 150 yards, at which time Colonel Little's brigade timely came to our aid - to victory! to glory!!

Later in the day, the left wing of the army having been ordered to advance, my command was transferred to that part of the field, and again, with Brigadier-General Price's division hand General Steen's division, we succeeded in driving the enemy a mile from their position. Night arriving checked us in our bold and gallant advance.

Saturday morning we were ordered to support Colonel McCulloch 's regiment and guard roads parallel to the enemy, which we succeeded in doing.

My loss during the engagement is 1 killed, 3 wounded, and 5 missing.

I have the honor to be, respectfully,

J. T. CEARNAL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Price's Escort,

Per D. TODD SAMUELS,

Major, Commanding.

Numbers 56. Confederate orders.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT, Numbers 7. Van Buren, Ark., March 16, 1862.

The major-general commanding this district desires to express to the troops his admiration for their conduct during the recent expedition against the enemy. Since leaving camp in Boston Mountains they have been incessantly exposed to the hardships of a winter campaign and have endured such privations as troops rarely encounter.

In the engagements of the 6th, 7th, and 8th instant it was the fortune of the major-general commanding to be immediately with the Missouri division, and he can therefore gear personal testimony to their gallant bearing.

From the noble veteran who has led them so long to the gallant S. Churchill Clark, who fell while meeting the enemy's last charge, the Missourians proved themselves devoted patriots and staunch soldiers. He met the enemy on his chosen positions and took them from him. They captured four of his cannon and many prisoners. They drove him from his field of battle and slept upon it.

The victorious advance of McCulloch's division upon the strong position of the enemy's front was inevitably checked by the misfortunes which now sadden the hearts of our countrymen throughout the Con-

