
The killed of the enemy it is impossible to estimate accurately, as the skirmishing was over so much ground, so I give only the number which I am sure were counted, which is 11 killed; the wounded unknown.

The companies in the left division were commanded by Captains Bell, Mayes, Parks, and Coody, who all distinguished themselves by their daring and gallantry, as did also every officer and soldier in the command. Your yourself had charge of the remainder of the force. We took some 75 prisoners, together with 25 or 30 pack horses, which afterwards were released by your order. It is due Colonel Taylor to state that when you gave me the command of the left division he was thought to be in your division, and after I discovered him in mine I yielded to his superior rank, and gave no orders but what were concurred in our first given by him.

E. C. BOUDINOT,

Major, Cherokee Regiment.

Colonel STAND WATIE, Cherokee Regiment.

DECEMBER 3, 1861.- Action at Salem, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1.- Colonel John B. Wyman, Thirteenth Illinois Infantry.

No. 2.- Major William D. Bowen, First Battalion Missouri Cavalry.

No. 1 Report of Colonel John B. Wyman, Thirteenth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS, Rolla, December 4, 1861.

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that on Thursday last Colonel Dodge requested me to send a small party to Salem and vicinity, to bring in some witnesses in the case of some prisoners he has now in the fort. I made the arrangement for 40 men to go the next morning. In the mean time one of my scouts came in from Salem and below there, and reported that Freeman, with 80 or 100 men, was in the vicinity. I therefore increased the detachment to 120 men, with proper officers, all under command of Major Bowen. He left Friday at 9 a.m., and reached Salem same afternoon (25 miles). Saturday and Sunday he devoted to scouring the country. Did not find Freeman, but took 8 prisoners,all of whom have been in the rebel army.

On Monday morning at 4 o'clock Freeman approached Salem with over 300 men, and when within 2 miles dismounted his men and made his way through the brush and woods (thus avoiding the pickets), and got to the inside picket line before any one was aware of his approach. Driving in these pickets, they proceeded to the quarters of Company A and commenced their attack. How bravely and gloriously they were repulsed I leave you to judge from reading the report of the major, which I have this moment received.

I beg also to inform you that upon the receipt of the news yesterday at 12 o'clock I ordered a re-enforcements sent Major Bowen, and at 1 p.m. 130 chosen men left this post and at 6 p.m. had joined the major at Salem, who was at that in peaceable possession of the town,

3 R R-VOL VIII

