
federacy. McCulloch and McIntosh fell in the very front of battle and in the full tide of success. With them went down the confidence and hope of their troops. No success can repair the loss of such leaders. It is only left to us to mourn their untimely fall, emulate their heroic courage, and avenge their death.

You have inflicted upon the enemy a heavy blow, but we must prepare at once against him again. All officers and men must be diligent in perfecting themselves in knowledge of tactics and of camp discipline. The regulations of the army upon this subject must be rigidly enforced.

* * * * * * *

By order of Major-General Earl Van Dorn:

DABNEY H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDER, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE WEST, Numbers 15. Priceville, July 17, 1862.

I. It having been satisfactorily proven to a court of inquiry, convened for the purpose of investigating the conduct of certain men, formerly members of the artillery company known as Hart's Battery, at the battle of Elkhorn, that those men were guilty of no misconduct on the battle-field, it is hereby ordered that they, vis, Charles E. Steel, M. M. Tice, W. D. Moore, John Kennedy, B. L. Allen. William Masterson, N. B. Milton, and James Pitkins, be, and they are hereby, relieved from the censure contained in General Order, Numbers 10, dated Headquarters Trans-Mississippi District, Van Buren, Ark., March 22, 1862, disbanding Hart's Battery Light Artillery, "for shameful conduct in the presence of the enemy."

II. The court of inquiry of which Captain Guibor is president is hereby dissolved.

By order of Major-General Price:

THOMAS L. SNEAD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 7, 1862.- Skirmish at Bob's Creek, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Arnold Krekel, First Battalion Missouri Cavalry, Militia.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Charles, Mo., March 10, 1862.

SIR: On Thursday morning last I was advised that on Tuesday last a number of strange men entered houses in the neighborhood of Flint Hill, in Saint Charles County, and forcibly disarmed citizens. At 2 o'clock the same day one Jacobs called upon me, and said he knew of a secession camp near Chain of Rocks, and that the taking of guns was done by persons from that camp. After satisfying myself of the good faith of the deserter I ordered 120 men (cavalry), under Officers Windmuller and Hyen, to proceed at 10 o'clock p. m. to the camp, crossing Cuivre River at 5 a. m., and attacking the camp at daybreak. The officers and men proceeded as instructed, crossed the river at the hour

