
I also report that on being informed of a band in Lane's Prairie, said to be led by one Captain Spillman, of Wood's battalion, I ordered Lieutenant Ross, commanding detachment Third Iowa Cavalry, to proceeded to Lane's Prairie, make inquiries, arrest and bring to these headquarters all persons engaged in such unlawful proceedings. In accordance with dais order Lieutenant Ross, with 18 men, proceeded at 9 a. m. of the 8th instant to Knob View and then to Lane's Prairie. No accurate information could be gained with regard to the complaint made here, and after an absence of two days returned to this post.

I also hear reports of marauding bands robbing, plundering, and stealing in different directions around, and shall use my utmost ability on stopping the same. I am in great need of some cavalry here.

S. H. BOYD,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

MARCH 9, 1862.- Skirmish on Big Creek, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Arnold Krekel, First Battalion Missouri Cavalry, Militia.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Charles, Mo., March 10, 1862.

SIR: Captain Windmueller returned with his command of cavalry this evening.

On Sunday morning [9th instant], while approaching a camp on Big Creek, they passed a house occupied by one Hill, from which a large number of persons sought to escape. Three of them were killed, one the notorious Ted Sharp, who killed Dr. Cleveland at the Virginia Hotel a few ago, a notoriously bad character. The camp was found to be deserted. A negro boy gave valuable information in conducting the command, and I would ask for authority to retain him until the war is over, as he cannot safely return.

Captain Windmueller's command returned to Saint Charles without having heard from Captain Heyn, commanding the infantry which I sent up on Sunday morning.

It now appears that the cavalry which joined my infantry on Sunday at Wright City was Captain McFraden's company, of Warrenton, and they proceed to Troy, which place they entered at 9 o'clock this morning without a fight. From Warrenton I learned that McFraden's company has returned, but I haven not heard further of my infantry than state, but have no doubt that all is well.

The men who had assembled at Hill's were men who escaped from the Bob's Creek fight. There is a force yet under Henderson annoying the county of Lincoln and adjoining neighborhood, but I think I shall soon be able to dispose of him, which will [help] matters in our vicinity.

No news losses have occurred to us and the wounded are all doing well.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

A. KREKEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD.

