
MARCH 9, 1862.- Skirmish at Mountain Grove, Mo.

Report of Captain Josephus G. Rich, Phelps' Missouri Infantry.

MARSHFIELD, MO., March 12, 1862.

DEAR SIR: I have just come in last evening from a scout. I learned that a party of rebels was on Fox Creek, some 10 or 15 miles from the Mountain Store. I started from here with Lieutenant Flint and 30 men; was re-enforced at Lick Skillet with some 30 Home Guards. Formed a junction on the head of Clark's Creek, at Todd's, with some 50 cavalry from Lebanon. Marched from there to the Mountain Grove Seminary. There wa came on the rebels on Sunday, the 9th. The victory was complete. There was some 35 or 40 in number. We killed some 13, wounded 7, and took the balance prisoners. Among the prisoners were Colonel Campbell and Captain Holt. The captain was badly wounded. There was but one or two escaped that we know of. Not a man of us was hurt.

The bearer is waiting and I cannot give particulars. You will soon them. we returned last evening late and heard of your victory over Price, but was sorry to learn of so many of our men being lost. We heard that 37 of our men were lost.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. G. RICH,

Captain Co. B, Phelps' Regiment Missouri Volunteers, Commanding Post at Marshfield, Mo.

Colonel PHELPS.

MARCH 10, 1862.- Skirmish in La Fayette County, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Colonel John D. Stevenson, Seventh Missouri Infantry.

Numbers 2.- Lieutenant James D. Jenks, First Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Colonel John D. Stevenson, Seventh Missouri Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Post at Lexington, Mo., March 14, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Since I occupied this post I have employed my mounted force constantly in dispersing and arresting small parties of marauders, in no instance meeting with much resistance, until the night of the 11th instant, hearing there was a band of from 20 to 30 marauding rebels within 15 miles of this post, I order Lieutenant J. D. Jenks, Company D, First Regiment Iowa Cavalry, with 30 men, to proceed to their rendezvous and arrest or disperse them. He found them posted in a log-house as the Greer farm, 16 miles distant. After a very fierce fight, the enemy losing 9 killed, 3 wounded, 1 prisoner, and all their horses, the remainder escaped into the adjoining woods. Our loss 1 killed and 4 wounded. For the number engaged this was a severe a consent as marked the war. I send you the official report of the affair.

Lieutenant Jenks advises me that his men were compelled to make it a hand-to-hand fight from the nature of their arms - sabers and pistols - and labored under the disadvantage of inferior weapons for long range.

