
son County, in this State, and murdered several citizens at Aubrey, in said county, and carried away quite an amount of property. I was instructed from headquarters of the then Department of Kansas to take such steps as were necessary to protect the citizens of the exposed region. I accordingly sent orders to Captain John Greelish, Company E, Eighth Regiment Kansas Volunteers, to move his command immediately from Olathe, Kans., to Aubrey, and to take such measures as he deemed best to defend the citizens of that locality. Two days after a skirmish took place near Aubrey between about 30 men of his company, under First Lieutenant Rose, and a portion of Quantrill's band. From the official report* of Captain Greelish I learn that it resulted in the retreat of Quantrill, with a loss of 2 killed and several wounded. Several horses were also killed. On his retreat Quantrill drove a family from their home and burned their house.

On our side none killed, and but 1 wounded - private Charles Cooney, severely in the foot. I have ordered another company of my command to join Captain Greelish, both to be under command of Major E. F. Schneider, Eighth Regiment Kansas Volunteers.

I am fully satisfied that I cannot, as provost-marshal-general, protect the State from guerrilla parties from without and the depredations of the horde of jayhawkers within with the present scattered condition of my regiment without several companies of cavalry.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

R. H. GRAHAM,

Colonel Eighth Kansas Regiment, Provost-Marshal-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Mississippi.

MARCH 13, 1862.- Action at Spring River, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Samuel N. Wood, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS,Houston, March 15, 1862.

I arrived here last Saturday, March 8, from Rolla, and was joined the same night by Major Drake, Third Iowa Cavalry, and 130 men. Sunday was spent in making preparations for our expedition. Monday morning I wrote you, but as I have received no answer I much fear my messenger has been captured. I wrote you that 50 of Colonel Coleman's men were in the county when we came, but had gone south on our approach; that he and Colonel Woodside were in camp 20 miles south of Thomasville, reported at 600; that I had several men down with the mumps, and was compelled to leave them here, and thought it best to leave a few men here to hold the place, but dare not go west and leave my men here and Major Drake's at Salem, with Coleman and Woodside so near us on the south, and had determine upon an expedition south first. I therefore left this place Monday morning, with 250 men, in the direction of Thomasville. Tuesday evening we arrived at that place, a distance of 54 miles. I found that Coleman and Woodside, and also MacFarlane, were camped near the Spring River Mill, each with a portion of a regiment, trying to consolidate them into one regiment.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

