
did their whole duty. That they were not in the thickets of the fight was no fault of theirs. Horses could not charge into the swamp and I could not use them on foot without carbines. Lieutenant Mack entered the Army last summer as a private, and died nobly leading his men to victory. Sergeant Horine deserves especial mention for his coolness and daring. Sergeant Moody, of Company A, also deserves much praise for his daring. His bravery alone saved our howitzer. The fire of the enemy had driven almost every man from his position, even the one with the rammer; and a determination being manifested to take the piece, Sergeant Moody rammed a canister in with his saber, touched it off, and scattered all before him. Lieutenant Wood, of Company B, although his first fight, led his men into the thickest. Corporal Moore, with John Gratland to load, fired his carbine sixty-odd times, half of which was after being severely wounded. Captain Hoppere, of Company C, and Captain Spillman, of Company D, bravely led their men into action. Sergeant Rottaken, of Company D, after being knocked from his horse, immediately recovered, fell into the ranks, and was among the bravest. Young Stein, of Company C, was shot through the leg, put his hand to the wound a moment, but returned the fire in time to kill his assailant.

But I could fill a page with such acts of heroism. I only mention those who came under my own notice. We commenced the fight at 10 a. m. Thursday; left the field at 2 p. m., and arrived here this evening, having traveled 190 miles in six days, driving Coleman, Woodside, and MacFarlane into an Arkansas swamp, and, as I hope, completely used them up. I inclose a list of killed and wounded.*

I have the honor, colonel, to be, your obedient servant,

S. N. WOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel Sixth Mo. Cav., Commanding Expedition.

Colonel BOYD, Commanding Post, Rolla, Mo.

P. S.- Captain Miller, left in command here, and acting provost-marshal, deserves credit for the ability with which he has performed his duty. I asked the people last Sunday of this county who were loyal citizens and wished protection to come in and take the oath. Over 400 out of a voting population of 800, and the banner secession county of the State, have been in and taken the oath. Another week and secession is squelched in this part of Missouri.

S. N. WOOD.

MARCH 15, 1862.- Skirmish near marshall, Mo.

Report of Captain E. Anson Moore.

GEORGETOWN, [MO.], March 16, 1862.

COLONEL: I have the honor to acknowledge yours of the 11th. The order to Colonel Budd I delivered in person yesterday. On the 11th I sent a recruiting party to Marshall, Saline County, under escort of Lieutenant Turley's company, full force numbering 72 men, armed and equipped. Yesterday afternoon received word by special messenger that a large force was near Marshall and would attack our forces. I immediately conferred with Colonel Warren, commanding post at

---------------

* Nominal list omitted shows 4 killed, 18 wounded, and 1 missing; total, 23.

---------------

