
although anticipating another attack last night, but feeling fully confident he could cope with them successfully if they dared to do so.

I should be glad to receive orders from you to take or send such a force as would either exterminate or drive them out of the State. I am informed by reliable parties that Freeman and Turner both intend to winter in Dent County, and have laid in stores and forage for that purpose. In fact, the prisoners inform me they swear they "will do so or die."

Awaiting your orders, I am, general, respectfully and obediently, yours,

J. B. WYMAN,

Colonel and Acting Brigadier-General.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding Department of Missouri.

No. 2. Report of Major William D. Bowen, First Battalion Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS, Salem, December 3, 1861.

DEAR SIR: I was attacked this morning at 4 o'clock by 300 rebels, under command of Colonels Freeman and Turner. They dismounted some 2 miles from town, and by coming through the woods they got inside of my outer pickets. They first commenced firing on Company A's quarters, killing 1 and wounding others. Companies B and C, being quartered some 500 yards from them, rallied on foot to the rescue of Company A. After a hard fight ot twenty minutes Company D came up mounted. I ordered Captain Williams to charge on the rebels, who were then retreating which was promptly done, dispersing them in every direction. My officers and men proved themselves to be soldiers, and I feel I have just reason to be proud of them. My force consisted of 30 from each company - 120 in all.

Our loss is 2 men killed, 2 mortally wounded (1 since dead), and 8 slightly wounded. The rebel loss was 6 killed, 10 mortally wounded, 20 slightly wounded. We also took several guns.

I am, general, respectfully and truly, yours,W. D. BOWEN,

Major, First Bat. Cav., attached to Thirteenth Regiment Ill. Vols.

Acting Brigadier-General WYMAN.

DECEMBER 3-12, 1861.-Scout through Saline County, Mo.

Report of Major George C. Marshall, Second Missouri Cavalry.

HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION, REGIMENT MERRILL'S HORSE, Sedalia, Mo., December 14, 1861.

Official report of a scout of Major George C. Marshall's command, composed of 300 men of regiment Merrill's Horse and three companies of regular cavalry, through Saline County.

December 3, marched northeast through Richard Gentry's farm and encamped at Union Church, on Dr. Cartwright's farm; took several prisoners.

