
Sedallia, and procured two companies of cavalry, who were ordered to march immediately to marshall, passing this place at 4 o'clock p. m. Saturday. This morning at 5 o'clock, by special messenger from Lieutenant Turley, I am informed that yesterday the enemy encamped about 3 miles from Marshall, strength about 50; that Lieutenant Turley, with 30 men, surprised the camp and completely routed the enemy, capturing 11 horses, a lot of baggage, a few guns, &amp;c., wounding 2 of the enemy's pickets, and recapturing 12 men belonging to Captain Kaiser's company, M. S. M., who were in the hands of the enemy. They report the enemy 300 to 400 strong, and expected an attack last night. I have no fears of the safety of our men, as they were re-enforced by 2 or 3 o'clock this morning.

There are a great many wandering bands, consisting of 50 to 100, committing depredations throughout this and adjoining counties. I have another company to muster for Colonel Phillips' regiment under a lieutenant. Rowland will, I understand, be the lieutenant. In that case, and he is required to attend to his men, will you detail a clerk for me if I will name a good man?

By consulting Colonel Gamble you can learn whether I need help.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. ANSON MOORE,

Captain and Mustering Officer.

Colonel A. W. MARSH, A. A. G., Mo. S. M.

MARCH 16, 1862.- Skirmish near Marshall, Mo.

Report of Captain John B. Kaiser, Booneville Battalion Missouri Cavalry, Militia.

LEXINGTON, MO., March 23, 1862.

COLONEL: After a laborious march of four and a half days I reached Georgetown with my command on Saturday night, where I learned that Captain Murphy was ordered to Marshall to re-enforce Captain Turley.

I proceed to Marshall next morning, and reached that place at 11 a. m. I was very much pleased to find there the 12 men of my command captured by secessionists on my last expedition into Saline County. They had before my arrival been recaptured by Captain Turley from a band of rebels under Captain Small. The same day I made a scouting expedition in the neighborhood of Marshall, and succeeded in routing a secession camp, killing 3 and capturing 3 prisoners, among whom was Bill Hazle, one of those jayhawkers who robbed Moore's stores at Palestine. I left him in charge of Captain Turley. I retook at the same time 6 of the horses, 3 saddles, and 4 carbines which had been taken from my men.

On Tuesday morning I left Marshall for Waverly, where I found 5 Government wagons, which were robbed last fall by Shelby's band from a Government boat. I was compelled to leave 2 in Waverly, but pressed horses and brought the remaining 3 to this place.

I am now again ordered to Waverly, and still will start to-night.

Respectfully, yours,

JOHN B. KAISER,

Captain Co. A, Boonville Battalion, Missouri State Militia.

Lieutenant-Colonel EPSTEIN,

Commanding Booneville Battalion Mo. S. M., Boonville, Mo.

