
MARCH 18-30, 1862.- Operations in Johnson, Saint Clair, and Henry Counties, Mo., including skirmish near Leesville, March 19.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General James Totten, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Colonel Fitz Henry Warren, First Iowa Cavalry, of skirmish near Leesville, Mo.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General James Totten, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., March 23, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding the following facts, which I have received from Colonel Fitz Henry Warren, commanding First Iowa Cavalry, at Clinton, Henry County, Mo.:

On the night of the 18th two detachments were sent out from Clinton - one into Johnson County and the other in the direction of Robinson's Mill. The latter command under Captain Ankeny, had a sharp skirmish 4 miles southeast of leesville, killing 2 of the worst of the rebels, Swykiffer and John Raftre, both desperate characters, and wounding 1. Four of our men were wounded and 1 horse killed and 1 wounded. They captured 10 men, 7 guns, 10 horses, and 7 saddles. Captain Ankeny behaved with great spirit and did himself high credit. The other detail, under Captain Caldwell, brought in 10 pistols, 10 horses, 1 mule, and 48 packages of powder.

Colonel Warren adds:

We have captured over 75 prisoners in all. many of them have been released on bond of from $1,000 to $5,000.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain M. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., March 31, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report for the information of the major-general commanding that on the 24th instant Colonel Fitz Henry Warren, commanding First Iowa Cavalry, moved from Clinton across Grand River and Deep Water towards the Ossage, encountering several scattering bands of marauders, capturing 52 prisoners, a number of horses, mules, and arms. In marching down the hills of the Osage near Monagan Springs they had some brisk skirmishing, in which 2 of the enemy were wounded fatally and 3 severely. Three of the First Iowa Cavalry were wounded, but none seriously. One company was left to pursue a band who were said to have taken the bush near the mouth of Salt Creek.

Later report the return of the detachment last mentioned, bringing 16 prisoners, who were taken near Musgrove Ferry, on the Osage. One rebel was badly wounded in the leg. None of our men injured. One company of cavalry moved to Butler, Bates County, on

