
the morning of the 29th. The others were to move, in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 10, March 26, this morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Reports of Colonel Fitz Henry Warren, of skirmish near Leesville, Mo., and scouts in Saint Clair and Henry Counties, Mo.
HEADQUARTERS,Clinton, Mo., March 27, 1862.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that I arrived here on the night of the 18th. The weather is awful and the traveling wretched. Notwithstanding the condition of the roads, with one hour of my arrival I ordered out two detachments, one to the border of Johnson County and the other southeast in the direction of Robinson's Mill. Both have returned. The command under Captain Ankeny had a sharp skirmish 4 miles southeast of Leesville. Two of the worst of the rebels were killed and 1 wounded. Four of our men were wounded, 1 horse killed, and 1 wounded. They captured 10 men, 7 guns, 11 horses, and 7 saddles. The killed rebels Swykiffer and John Raftre (both desperate men). Captain Ankeny behaved with great spirit and did himself high credit. The other detail, under Captain Daldwell, brought in 10 prisoners, 10 horses, 1 mule, and 48 packages of powder.

I should have moved across Grand River in pursuit of Jackman, who has some 500 men on his muster roll and about 300 whom he can concentrate in an hour. I keep myself advised of his movements and shall be on his trail in person as soon as possible. We have captured over 75 prisoners in all. Many of them have been released on bonds of from $1,000 to $5,000.

I write in great haste; the detail is waiting.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FITZ HENRY WARREN,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Clinton, Mo., March 28, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I beg to report that on Monday last I moved a detachment of my command, numbering 200 men, across Grand River and Deep Water towards the Osage, encountering several scattering Southern bands of marauders, capturing 52 prisoners, a number of horses, mules and arms. In marching down the hills of the Osage near Monagan Springs we had some brisk skirmishing, in which 2 of the enemy were wounded fatally and 3 severely. Three of my men were wounded, but none seriously. A command of 60 men was left to pursue a band who were said to have take the bush near the mouth of Salt Creek. Under orders of General McKean I subsisted my troops and horses upon the country, and also by the same authority I am levying contri-

