
continued at intervals during the following day (20th) I did not move my whole command, but detached Captain Creitz, with a portion of his company, in the afternoon to Lamar, with orders to occupy that place during the night and to move to Carthage the following day.

Early on the morning of the 20th I marched with the remainder of my force on Carthage by a different route. The day was very stormy, and the roads being very heavy, I left my transportation behind under a strong escort and pushed rapidly forward, arriving here at sundown. Captain Creitz preceded me about two hours. He dashed into the town, capturing 15 or 20 of the most prominent rebels in the community and took possession of Johnson's Mill, 2 miles below here, finding in it about 225 bushels of wheat, which we are now grinding. There is a large quantity of grain in this country, and I have two trashing-machines which I will set to work immediately. Johnson's Mill will turn out 8,000 or 10,000 pounds of flour per day.

We have had 3 men wounded out of the advance guard of a scouting party, being fired at from the brush, 1 of them seriously, and 1 of our men was taken prisoner, being out with a foraging party.

I inclose a list of prisoners taken here, with a copy of the charges preferred against them by the Union men of this community, all of which can be substantiated.*

Inclose also find dispatch from Brigadier General S. R. Curtis, which proceeded from Lieutenant-Colonel Jewell, but was intended no doubt for you.* The bearer of General Curtis' dispatch I will send back, informing him that I have forwarded his dispatch to you.

If you think it necessary that we should turn out more flour, we can taken other mills in this vicinity and furnish it.

I have the honor to be, you obedient servant,

POWELL CLAYTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Expedition.

Brigadier-General DEITZLER,

Commanding at Fort Scott, Kans.

MARCH 19-23, 1862.- Operations in Johnson County, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General James Totten, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., March 26, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state for the information of the major general commanding that I have just received official intelligence to the effect that on the evening of the 19th instant Captain Thomas W. Houts, Missouri State Militia, commanding post at Warrensburg, Johnson County, having received information of the whereabouts of concealed powder, sent 15 men, under Lieutenant A. W. Christian, to bring in the same to Warrensburg. The detachment was entirely successful, finding 125 kegs of powder (a portion of it damaged) buried in different places on the plantation of Mrs. Sarah B. Brinker, near Warrensburg. On the evening of the 22nd instant Captain Houts, Missouri State Militia, also sent 20 men, under Lieutenant J. M. Jewell, to arrest several armed men who were supposed to be concealed in the house of

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

