
Mrs. Burgess, about 10 miles southwest of Warrensburg. Lieutenant Jewell proceeded to the house and silently surrounded it. A woman, assuring him that there were no men in the house, opened the door. Instantly the rebels, 4 in number, sprang out,firing upon our men, who promptly returned the fire. It is thought that 1 of the party escaped unhurt. The other 3 were killed on the spot. Our loss was 1 killed and 1 badly wounded. The house was burned to the ground.

On the morning of the 23rd an attempt to arrest a desperate character met with resistance, when he was shot dead. On the evening of that day, the 23rd, and attempt was made by incendiaries to fire the town of Warrensburg, but by prompt action on the part of Captain Houts and his command the design was frustrated. Two frame buildings only were destroyed. Captain Houts adds that Johnson County is infested by a gang of marauders and murderers who are a terror to the loyal citizens, but they will receive prompt attention. All three of the officers mentioned in this report merit the highest commendation for the promptness, energy, and zeal exercised in these affairs, and Lieutenant J. M. Jewell, Missouri State Militia, and his party deserve especial notice.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

MARCH 21, 1862.- Affair at McKay's Farm, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph W. McClurg, Missouri Cavalry, Militia.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Linn Creek, Mo., March 26, 1862.

I have the honor to make the following report, although accompanied with some regrets:

I was informed last night by express from Captain Gravely at Humansville that he sent out a scout of 40 men to go west, consisting of 20 men from his own company and 20 men from Captain Smith's company; that they were attacked by about 100 secessionists from the brush; that they lost 2 men and about 20 horses and about 20 blankets. One man only was killed, R. W. Warren, and 1 wounded, J. H. Wright, and I am not informed whether severely or not. The 40 where under the command of Lieutenant McCabe, of Gravely's company. The men were at dinner and surprised, and Captain Gravely thinks they were negligent about keeping out a sufficient guard. Captain Gravely went out next day with 100 men, but the rebels half fled across Sac River. Captain Gravely thinks it will be s useful lesson, and seems to be much mortified. It is the only little reserve our men have met.

I am informed from various sources, and no doubt correctly, that west of Humansville and Warsaw, and indeed between this place and Warsaw and between this place and Humansville, there are various bands of rebels and marauders constantly committing depredations, and scouts are constantly required. Indeed, in the last hour a reliable man, Cotton by name, living 22 miles from here, on the Jefferson City

