
road, in Millere County, came in to inform me that last night 25 robbers (rebels) were at his house and other houses in the same neighborhood taking horses, &amp;c. Their statement also was that yesterday afternoon they went to Tuscumbia and captured Bird Bass, the provost-marshal, and the United States flag. Every effort will be made by my command to suppress these outlaws by killing or otherwise.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion Mo. S. M.

Captain LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Jefferson City.

MARCH 22, 1862.- Skirmish at Little Santa Fe, Mo.

Report of Colonel Robert B. Mitchell, Second Kansas Cavalry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT KANSAS VOLUNTEERS,Camp Blair, March 24, 1862.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that on the night of the 22nd, in accordance with a request from Major Banzhaf, commanding First Battalion Missouri Cavalry, and also in pursuance of a plan that I had been maturing for some time, I left camp with a detachment detailed from all the companies in this command, the detachment about 300 in number, with Majors Fisk and Pomeroy.

Quantrill, with a part of his gang, had burned the bridge between Kansas City and Independence, and it was contemplated by Major Banzhaf to march from Kansas City, and in conjunction with Colonel Weer, Fourth Kansas, to surround and entrap Quantrill.

I left camp about 6.30 p. m. of the 22nd instant, reached Little Santa Fe about 10 o'clock that night, and sent Major Pomeroy about 3 miles from the town, with instructions to arrest one David Tate, whom I had reason to believe was connected with Quantrill. Major Pomeroy had with him a detachment of Companies D and E, under command of Captain Moore and Lieutenant Stover. When Major pomeroy reached the house he demanded entrance, and a gun was immediately fired through the door. He then called upon them to surrender, and to send out their women and children if they had any in the house. After waiting some time, while shots were fired from the house, he ordered a volley to be fired into the house. The cries of women were then herd, when he ordered the men to cease firing. The women and children then came out and firing was resumed on both sides. Two of the men then came of one the windows and surrendered. They stated to major Pomeroy that Quantrill was in the house with 26 men. Major Pomeroy then threatened to fire the house, and upon their continued refusal to surrender he ordered the houe to be fired, and an attempt was made to fire it, but without success. Major Pomeroy and Private Wills, of Company D, were at this time shot. Major Pomeroy becoming disabled, Captain Moore took command, and sent back to me requisiting re-enforcements, so as not to let any of the men escape. Captain moore the house and they still refusing so to do, he ordered the house to be against set on fire, and this time the flames rapidly envolved the house. The men in the house who were not wounded then burst out the weather-

