
boarding at the back of the house and ran for the timber immediately in the rear. Two were shot down as they ran - 1 killed instantly and 1 mortally wounded, who died about 3 o'clock in the afternoon. The others escaped, and though the woods were carefully scoured, no traces of them were found. While the firing was taking several men were seen to fall in the house, and the prisoners stated when they were first taken that there were 4 or 5 wounded. Five bodies could be distinctly seen in the flames at the time I reached the spot with that Part of the command which was left behind. I caused all the horses and horses equipments of the enemy to be gathered together and guarded and remained at the house until 6.30 o'clock in the morning, when I started for the house of one Wyatt. As we nearer the house 6 or 7 men were seen to break from it into the brush immediately adjoining the premises. I immediately dismounted some of my men and sent them into the brush, but succeeded in capturing only 2.

The command being without provisions, and being satisfied that Quantrill and those of his gang who had been in the locality had undoubtedly fled, I returned to the Tate House and started back to camp, leaving Captain Moore's command, with 1 wounded. We reached camp about 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. I had previously sent Lieutenant Aduddell with 15 men to procure conveyance for the wounded and to take the stock and other property found at Tate's. He passed me on the way back to Tate's, and arrived with Captain Moore's command and the wounded last night at 8 o'clock.

Our loss was as follows: Major Pomeroy, severely wounded with a Minie ball in the right thigh near the femoral artery; Private William Wills, of Company D, since died, with a Minie ball in the right arm near the shoulder, and also with buck-shot in the groin and abdomen. We also lost 2 horses in the fight. The jayhawkers' loss was 5 killed or wounded and burned up in the house, 2 killed outside, and 6 prisoners. we took 25 horses, some of which have already been identified as belonging to parties in this State, from whom they were stolen, and about 20 sets of horse equipments. The 2 men killed outside of the house were named Rollen (brothers). The names of those killed and burned up in the house I am unable to ascertain.

I send to the fort the following-named prisoners.*

I desire to express my gratitude to major Pomeroy, who after he was wounded still cheered on his men; to Captain Moore, Lieutenant Stover, and the men of their immediate command, for their gallantry and good behavior.

I have the honor to be, your very obedient servant,

ROBT. B. MITCHELL,

Colonel Second Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

Major W. E. BLAIR, Commanding Leavenworth, Kans.

MARCH 23, 1862.- Expedition to little River, Mo.

Report of Major Jonas Rawalt, Seventh Illinois Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTH ILLINOIS CAVALRY,Camp near Point Pleasant, Mo., March 26, 1862.

SIR: In pursuance of your order of the 22nd instant I left camp with 200 troops at 7 a. m. the 23rd, to reconnoiter the position of a body of

---------------

* Names omitted; 8 in all.

---------------

