
December 4, marched northeast 15 miles. Our advance guard, of 12 of Company C of the Regulars, was fired upon a portion of a company of 60 rebels, who then retreated into the brush. This occurred in front of Belwood's farm, their rendezvous. Upon searching his house 2 kegs of powder and a quantity of parts of cavalry equipments were found. We encamped on Mrs. Wingfield's farm.

December 5, marched about 15 miles, took several prisoners, some horses and mules, and encamped on the farm of the notorious Claiborn F. Jackson, and raised the Stars and Stripes over the traitor's house.

December 6, marched north about 18 miles through Arrow Rock, where we found several kegs of powder concealed in warehouses; destroyed the ferry-boat, and while doing it our men were fired upon by a few men from across the river; the firing having been returned, the enemy ran. Leaving Arrow Rock, we marched north through Saline City, where we captured some arms and powder; encamped on Judge Robert Field's farm.

December 7, marched north about 18 miles, and captured Captains Weed and Simmons, of General Clark's staff. The column was halted at 8 a.m. about 2 miles from Glasgow, and left in command of Major Hunt.

Major Marshall, with a detachment of about 25 men, proceeded to Roper's Mill, opposite Glasgow, where he had learned a portion of Captain Robert W. Swynne's company were encamped. They took the four pickets he had out prisoners, after giving one of them a hard chase, thus enabling him to surprise all there. Lieutenant Elwell took the left, with 16 men; Sergeant Bradshaw the right, with 5 men; and the major the center, with 3 men. A portion of the enemy were caught playing cards and others getting breakfast. Another portion, which had just crossed the river with the captain, well armed and mounted, started to run, but were soon halted by a few prompt shots. It was a finely-conducted surprise, completely bagging the whole of them, 28 in number, and getting their arms, ammunition, teams, cooking utensils, &amp;c. The column then moved north through Cambridge and encamped on William T. Gilham's farm.

December 8, marched west about 21 miles. Nothing of interest occurred and encamped on Mr. Softly's farm.

December 9, marched 15 miles west; found Government wagons, 5 of which we brought with us and destroyed 3, being unable to get mules or harness to bring them with us. Encamped on Mr. McReynolds' farm, 2 miles from Waverly. Joseph Shelby brought his company down that night to try to annoy us by firing at our pickets and to try to scare us by bombarding us with a 10-inch mortar loaded with mud. Lieutenants Kelly's and Gordon's companies were called out, and soon scattered them and silenced their formidable battery.

December 10, marched into Waverly without any resistance. Learning there was powder concealed there, we proceeded to search some of the stores, and found 9 kegs of powder concealed under a platform in Shelby's store. The celebrated mortar was found and taken. A 6-pounder gun-carriage was destroyed, the gun having been busted a few days before we arrived there. Shelby stopped with his company on a high bluff across a deep ravine, watching our movements, the enemy amusing themselves by shooting at our men, when Lieutenant Kelly was ordered to charge on them, but they fled in perfect security on their swift steeds.

We only had to lament one of the regulars breaking his leg in the charge by his saddle turning, and the sad accident of Samuel Jones,

