
used, was burned, as were also two other houses within 2 miles, which had been similarly occupied.

On the following day, 27th, Colonel Blood divided his force, one part to scour the country north of the Little Saline, while the other should do the same to the southward, all to meet at Pisgah on the evening of the same day. On the morning succeeding (28th) the command separated to return to the respective starting points, where all have since arrived expecting Captain Rice's company of militia. The command was conducted with energy and decision, and though it did not prove as extensive as had been anticipated, reflects, credit upon all who participated.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain N. H. McLEAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 26, 1862.- Action on the Post Oak, at the mouth of the Brier, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.- Brigadier General James Totten, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.- Major Emory S. Foster, Missouri Cavalry, Militia.

Numbers 1. Reports of Brigadier General James Totten, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., March 28, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state that last evening I received the following telegram:

SEDALIA, March 27, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN,

Commanding District Central Missouri, Jefferson City:

Just learned that major Foster, of Warrensburg, with 60 men, attacked on yesterday a band of 200 secessionists near that place, when approaching to burn it, and defeated the rebels. Loss in the rebel side 9, on ours 2. Major Foster and brother were wounded; Lieutenant Jewell mortally. We captured 9 horses, &amp;c. A second attack is imminent with much larger force. Re-enforcements badly needed. Can we have a company of Colonel Warren's regiment?

T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Regiment, M. S. M.

I at once sent the following orders by telegraph. Special Orders, Numbers 13, mentioned herein, had previously gone up by train. A copy is inclosed int his mail:

To Major W. M. G. TERRENCE,

First Iowa Cavalry, Commanding Post, Sedalia, Mo.:

Send two companies of cavalry and the section of the First Missouri Light Artillery by a force march immediately to Warrensburg, Johnson County, to re-enforce Major Foster's Missouri State Militia. The march must be made to-night at all hazards, and if you have no reliable officer to send in command you must go yourself. Do not fail to carry out this order at once. Telegraph me the time the command leaves. Report important matters by telegraph.

By order of Brigadier General James Totten, commanding district:

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

