
received a ball in the forearm rear the wrist, which lodged near the elbow. He seems to have managed the affair with a great deal of prudence, bravery, and skill, and is entitled to no little credit for the affair.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Major Emory S. Foster, Missouri Cavalry, Militia.
HEADQUARTERS RECRUITING STATION m. s. m.,Warrensburg, March 28, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following movements, which resulted in an attack upon a large guerrillas force, under the notorious Mat. Houx, and total defeat of the same:

On the morning of the 25th [26th] instant I received information that a small party of rebels were hiding at the house of one Hunter, 3 miles south of this place. I immediately started with 10 men belonging to Captain Houts' company to capture them. After proceeding about 1 mile in the direction above indicated reliable citizen informed me that there were about 25 or 30 rebels near Hunter's house. I sent a messenger to Captain Houts for re-enforcements, and in a short time Lieutenant Jewell came up with 10 men. I proceeded cautiously to Hunter's without getting sight of the enemy; however, when there, his pickets were discovered about a mile north of us. Immediately moved toward them, they disappearing over a hill. When I reached the hill where the pickets were last seem I discovered half a mile ahead of us about 85 horsemen drawn up in line awaiting our approach. I halted to reconnoiter their position and strength. The enemy, being emboldened by my seeming hesitancy, charged precipitately down the hill towards us. Instantly I dismounted the men and prepared to receive them. They came within 400 yards, halted, wavered, and breaking quickly to the right, disappeared in a clump of trees about 300 yards from my left. I mounted my men and disappeared quickly over the hill to the rear, and being concealed by the hill and brush turned his right, and in a moment was dismounted 300 yards from the enemy, and charging double-quick on his rear the rebels broke in confusion. We found here coats, blankets, &amp;c. All this without the firing of a gun, the enemy retreating rapidly to the west. I followed him to the crossing of the East Fork Post Oak Creek, 2 miles from Warrensburg.

In the mean time, having sent back to town for re-enforcements and they not coming, I went there immediately, and found Captain Mel. Foster, within 20 men, ready to march. I proceeded immediately to the crossing on Post Oak, and found on examination that the rebels had left the road and gone through the brush. Following his trail about 4 miles, I came suddenly upon him on the east bank of West Post Oak. His pickets, being posted on a hill to my right, were cut off. The enemy retreated in confusion across the ford, and hastily took his position on the opposite bank, protected by log and rail pens and almost entirely

23 R R-VOL VIII

