
concealed by heavy underbrush. Dismounting the men, I detailed 8 men to remain in the rear and guard against surprise in that quarter, left 8 to hold horses, with instruction to hitch them immediately and report to the first sergeant, Samuel Rains, who had charge of the rear guard, or mounted reserve, and with the remainder, 24, moved upon the enemy. From the nature of the ground I was forced to take a position almost entirely unprotected, and in short shot-gun range from the enemy. We opened a brisk fire, which was vigorously returned by the enemy. A sharp and bloody fight was kept up for about ten minutes, when the enemy broke in confusion; there the clear notes of the bugle, sounding the charge, and the impatient reserves swept by in pursuit of the flying rebels. The almost impenetrable brush into which they fled alone prevented a terrible carnage. As it was, the enemy was totally routed and make no attempt to rally their scattered forces. We found on the field a large number of guns, blankets, coast, hats, &amp;c., together with 7 horses and equipments. Our loss is 9 wounded, 2 mortally, who have since died. The enemy report their loss 5 killed, among them their chief, Mat. Houx, and a number badly wounded.

Enough cannot be said in commendation of the raw, undisciplined militia, both officers and men, which I had the honor of commanding in this sanguinary affair. The men fought with a desperate determination to be looked for in none but veterans. Lieutenant John. M. Jewell, although mortally wounded in the first of the engagement, never deserted his post. Captain Mel. Foster, shot through the left breast, stood at the head of his men. cheering and encouraging them, until the field was ours. Sergeant Rains contributed much to our complete success by the promptness with which he brought up the reserve. I returned to town the same evening.

I am, general, your obedient servant,

EMORY S. FOSTER,

Major, Recruiting Mo. S. M., Warrensburg, Mo.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN,

Commanding District Central Missouri.

MARCH 26, 1862.-Action at Humansville, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph W. McClurg, Missouri Cavalry, Militia.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE MILITIA,Linn Creek, Mo., March 31, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, for your perusal consideration, the following report of the fight at humansville, Polk County. I make it from the official report of Captain Stockton, made out on the 28th instant. His language is about as follows:

About 2 o'clock in the afternoon of the 26th instant a lady came into town and informed Captain Gravely (Captain Gravely, I suppose, being a lady's man) that a large force of rebels were marching upon us. The alarm was given, and the officers and men of Companies A (Captain Stockton), B (Captain Cosgrove), D (Captain Gravely), and E (Captain Smith) were soon in line ready for battle. In a few minutes the enemy were seen passing town from west to east on the south of us. On the east of town is a thicket of underbrush, coming up within 50 paces and extending east and south about a mile. Believing it was the intention

