
of the rebels to attack us from the east merely to draw the attention of our forces and that the main body would attack us from the west and the force running east and south. Captain Cosgrove, of Captain B, and 70 men of his own and Captain Melton's company (both of these companies being at Warsaw, and Captain Cosgrove having gone to the assistance of the Humansville companies by request, as they were anticipating an attack or intended to make one) were in the rear of Captain Stockton, Company A, on the east of town. Company D (Captain Gravely) was paraded near the center of town on their horses, and ordered to watch the enemy and prevent flanking. Company E (Captain Smith) was on the west of town.

By this time the guard fired on the right of Company A, and the enemy were seen in the front and were fired on by Company A. The fire was returned, and a charge ordered by the enemy, who rushed up through the underbrush, firing and taking shelter under fencing and behind trees. Company A fired several rounds, which told with considerable effect. Captain Cosgrove marched his company to the assistance of Company A under a severe fire, an took position on the right of Company A and opened fire upon the enemy with his whole company. Twenty-five men of Company A, under Lieutenant Wakefield, kept up a brisk fire from the left, and the main body of Company A, with Captain Stockton and Lieutenant Akard, fought on from the center. The enemy was seen to being to retreat, and Captain Cosgrove gave them a galling fire from the right. Captain Stockton's leg was broken when the charge was ordered by the enemy, and Lieutenant Akard remained and continued the fire from the center as long as the enemy could be seen. Captain Cosgrove was severely wounded in the arm as he moved to the right of Company A, but continued to command his men and superintend the battle (Captain Stockton being disabled by a broken leg.) When the enemy retreated Captain Cosgrove ordered Captain Gravely to follow them and ascertain if they had men back, thinking still that they had a reserve in the brush and intended to decoy us from our position. He promptly obeyed, fired upon their rear guard several times in the brush, until all were known to be retreating with great rapidly, but i good order.

The enemy's force was said to be 250 men by themselves after the fight and before it 400. Captain gravely, who saw them in the prairie 4 miles south of town, estimates the number at least 400. We lost none killed. Captain Stockton, of Company A, was badly wounded in the leg; Corporal Smith dangerously wounded in the breast; Privates A. Gordon and Wyatt very slightly wounded. Of Company B, Captain Cosgrove severely but not dangerously wounded in the arm; Private Divine severely wounded, and Halbert, Evans, Parker, and Kidwell slightly. Of Company D, Captain Gravely, Private Robertson severely wounded.

So far as know of the enemy Colonel Fraizier was killed, Captain McMinn killed, 4 others dead o the ground, 4,mortally wounded and left, 6 others reported by their surgeon, who came in next morning, as certain to die, and not less than 20 others wounded in various degrees. We took 3 prisoners and a number of their horses. The officers and men in the fight behaved bravely, did their duty, and so well that the rebels themselves acknowledge they were badly whipped. Captain Smith kept his position, and was not needed to drive the enemy from the brush. There was no flinching in ranks anywhere.

The wagon of Captain Stockton's company was 5 miles south of town,

