
and the rebels took it and made their escape. Captain Stockton has very little doubt about recovering it. He sent out 150 men for that purpose on the 28th instant.

At the fight we took 13 horses. The men are rejoicing, and the ladies of the town (except a few rebel wices) are jubilant. Drs. Holbert, of Hickory Country, and Fraizier, of Stockton, Cedar Country, and present and administering to the wants and comforts of the wounded, and are entitled to the thanks of the command.

General, you see that in the command there is soon good material. I feel that these brave men and officers have give us a name of which we may be proud, and be assured I will use every effort to add new luster. While I sympathize with the wounded, I congratulate them on the honor of having received scars in the holy cause in which we have enlisted.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. W. McCLURG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Battalion Mo. S. M.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN, Jefferson City, Mo.

MARCH 26, 1862.-Skirmish near Gouge's Mill, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General James Totten, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., March 31, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that on the evening of the 23rd, in conjunction with the expedition under Lieutenant-Colonel Blood, Sixth Missouri, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Eppstein to send out accounting parties to the eastward and also to keep himself well prepared for attack, which might be made. Colonel Eppstein sent out on the 25th Captain Ostermayer with 25 men, who had a skirmish before daybreak on the 26th, being fired at from woods 15 miles east of Booneville and 3 miles east of Gouge's Mill. His men returned the fire, but could not pursue in the night. Later they found in the woods one dead body, and followed a bloody track for about 2 miles, when this disappeared. The party were to Booneville, and think the rebels numbered from 40 to 50. It is thought they belonged to the party which was dispersed by the troops sent out from this place (Jefferson City and Tipton) under Lieutenant Colonel Blood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain N. H. McLEAN, Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 29, 1862.-Skirmish on the Blockwater, near Warrensburg, Mo.

Report of Captain James E. Thompson, First Iowa Cavalry.

WARRENSBURG, Mo., March 30, 1862.

SIR; Agreeably to your order of the 27th instant I assumed command of the forces stated by you, consisting of parts of Company A, under command of Captain McQueen; Company F, Captain Elliott;

