
Company G, Lieutenants McDermott and Foster, and two pieces of First Missouri Artillery, in all 130 men, and marched from Sedalia at 1 o'clock of that night and by a forced march reached Warrensburg on the next morning. Finding everything comparatively quiet we went into camp during the day, and sending out scouts from the State Militia during the night, the received information of a body of the rebels, supposed to be some 300 or 400, at a camp some 12 or 15 miles distant from Warrensburg, on the Blackwater, at a place known as Murray's Ford. Major Foster, of the State Militia, taking Captain Elliot's company and 50 of his command, proceeded to the south of the supposed camp, while I took one piece of artillery and a portion of State troops, under Lieutenant Ceathe, with the balance of my command, and proceeded in a more direct route to the north of the camp. We each made a rapid march and soon arrived at the supposed camp, but found no enemy. Again dividing our forces, I took my own command and started on my return, being satisfied that no very large body of the enemy were in that immediately vicinity.

About 4 o'clock p. m. of the 29th, as we emerged from the timber, I discovered a body of what I at first took to be State Militia, but which proved to be Colonel Parker and some 60 or 70 rebels passing south along the edge of the timber, at right angels to the road on which I was moving, and the length of his column to my right, and some 80 to 100 rods distant. Their leader discovered my command about the same moment that I became satisfied of the nature of his forces. I immediately ordered Captain Elliott, who was in advance, to charge, which he did, gallantly followed by Lieutenant McDermott and his command. I then ordered Captain McQueen to right-about his command can endeavor to intercept the rebels at the ford. In executing this order the guide led him past the point of intersection to the lower ford, which prevented him from effectually cutting them off. Discovering that the enemy had taken to the upper ford, he retraced his steps and charged after the fleeing revels. A serve running fight of some 4 miles, through thickets, told fearfully upon the fleeing enemy. Our men charged gallantly, leaving from 10 to 15 of the enemy dead upon the field and wounding from 5 to 10 others.

We took 15 prisoners, besides 1 severely wounded, and some 10 or 15 horses-the exact number I am not able to give, as Company F has not yet reported in reference to the same. Among the prisoners is the notorious rebel leader Colonel Parker, who has so long been the terror of the more northern counties. We lost 1 man killed, Private Gerrard, of Company F, and 2 wounded, one of whom, Corporal Johnston, of Company F, is dangerously if not mortally wounded.

Though perhaps not essentially requisite in a report of this kind, yet I cannot refrain from calling the attention of the commanding general through you to certain matters which I deem of vital importance to the well-being of that portion of this State among which is the wanton distraction of life and property of citizens of that section by the State Militia. A few nights before my arrival at Warrensburg they set fire to Colonel McCowan's residence in Warrensburg, and entirely destroyed the house, furniture, &amp;c., leaving the family, consisting of his wife and some four or five children, without anything to support or protect them. About the same time a body of them proceeded, as I am informed by the Union men of Warrensburg, to the house of one Mr. Burgess, and shot him and his brother and turned the house over the heads of his family. Again on Sunday, the 30th, Captain Thomas W. Houts, while out with at

