
party of some 50 men, killed one Mr. Piper, and burned five dwellings, turning the families out of doors and destroying everything in the house. I learn this from Lieutenant Ceathe, who with him, and who positively refused to permit his men to engage in the nefarious business. The Union men of the town are highly incensed at such outrages, and desired me to the matter before the proper authorities. The sufferers in these instances none of the belong to the bushwhackers, and were all, with the exception of Colonel, peaceable citizens, though of Southern or secession principles. The Union men are fearful, and truly so, that bushwhackers will retaliate, and between the two lay the whole country in ruins.,

I would suggest the policy of a united movement from the north south, east, and west, driving the rebels towards Johnson Country, and endeavor by concerted action to destroy their whole forces. As we have done heretofore they flee before us from Johnson to Henry and back to some other point, and thus baffle our best endeavors.

Very respectfully,

J. D. THOMPSON,

Captain First Iowa Cavalry.

Major TORRENCE, Commanding Post, Sedalia, Mo.

MARCH 30, 1862.-Skirmish near Clinton, Mo.

Report of Major General Henry W. Halleck, U. S. Army.

SAINT LOUIS, April 6, 1862.

Detachment of First Iowa Cavalry, sent out from Clinton, Mo., had a skirmish with rebels on the 30th. Captured 19 prisoners, 8 wagons, and a number of horses, mules, &amp;c., belonging to Price's army. One rebel killed and 7 wounded. Our loss 1 man seriously wounded.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.

MARCH 31, 1862.-Skirmish at Pink Hill, Mo.

Report of Major Charles Banzhaf, First Missouri Cavalry.
HDQRS. FIRST BATTALION, FIRST MISSOURI CAVALRY,Kansas City., April 5, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to report to you that Captain Albert P. Peabody, commanding Company D, First Missouri Cavalry, hearing on Monday, March 31, instant, of a collection of rebels, marauders of Quantrill's men, at Pick Hill, about 19 miles southeast of Independence, Mo., started from Independence in pursuit of them. When nearing Pink Captain Peabody dispatched one party of 35 men, under Lieutenant White, of Company C, to one direction, retaining with him self 30 men, and Second Lieutenant Gurnee, of Company D. The two commands commenced to scour the neighborhood immediately near Pick Hill. Captain Peabody's command in passing a double long-house in an elevated position over the road received a perfect volley of shots fired from the house. Captain Peabody immediately dismounted a part of his command, ordering the rest a little farther off to take

