
charge of the horses, and the led the command on to the long-house, keeping up a constant firing through the windows and doors for more than one hour and a half, but with no more success than to prevent the marauders, on whose side all advantages were, from attacking his small command. At the commencement of the attack the enemy had over 60 men inside the log-house, firing through loop-holes made by knocking out the plaster from between the logs. During this engagement the rebels received re-enforcements from all directions (neighboring formers, &amp;c.), so that before the command under Lieutenant White could come to the rescue the rebels amounted to over 150 men, armed with all kinds of small-arms, mostly Sharp's rifles.

As son as the whole command had collected Captain Peabody led the men on the log-house through the thick fire of the enemy, and succeeded in driving them from this advantageous position, during which 6 of the enemy were killed instantly and many received wounds, but as the enemy carried their wounded along with them the correct number could not be ascertained. Subsequent reports state that 2 of the wounded died since, but the correctness of this needs confirmation. The enemy now fled hurriedly into all imaginable directions into a timbered, rough, and hilly country, where a pursuit was not an easy task, as the enemy was but too well acquainted with the road and district.

Captain Peabody and all his men (officers eo ipso) behaved bravely during the engagement. Captain Peabody's horse received three shorts. Immediately after driving out the enemy orders were given to set all buildings (four in number) on fire from which the attack had been made, after which the whole command started again in pursuit of the enemy, which lasted until Thursday night, April 3. On account of high water in all small streams between here and Captain Peabody's command or camp he was prevented until this day from communicating the result of this engagement to these headquarters, which also accounts for the lateness of the report. The loss of the enemy consists, as above mentioned, of 6 killed. Twenty horses and equipments (saddles and bridles) and a number of small-arms fell into the hands of Captain Peabody. The loss on our side was 3 wounded-2 slightly, 1 seriously, killed, none. Three Government horses were shot dead. All of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to sign myself, your obedient servant,

CHAS. BANZHAF,

Major, First Missouri Cavalry, Commanding Post.

APRIL 1, 1862.-Skirmish on the Little Sni, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General James Totenn, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Captain John B. Kaiser, Booneville Missouri Cavalry, Militia.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General James Totten, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 12, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit for the information of the major-general commanding the substance of a report of an expedition

