
corporal Company E, in accidently shooting himself, causing his instant death.

Leaving Waverly, we marched back 5 miles and encamped on Mrs. Murphy's farm.

December 11, marched east through Marshall, about 27 miles, and encamped on Mrs. Wingfield's farm.

December 12, marched to Sedalia through Georgetown, about 23 miles.

G. C. MARSHALL,

Major, Commanding.

DECEMBER 5-9, 1861.-Expedition through the Current Hills, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1.- Colonel John B. Wyman, Thirteenth Illinois Infantry.

No. 2.- Major William D. Bowen, First Battalion Missouri Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Colonel John B. Wyman, Thirteenth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS, Rolla, December 10, 1861.

CAPTAIN: I inclose copies of dispatches received from Major Bowen at 1 o'clock this morning. By them you will see that the major has fallen back to Salem, which place he will hold until further orders. My opinion is that a force sufficient to hold tat place should be placed there permanently, say four companies cavalry and one battery artillery. I feel confident it would have the effect to keep McBride and Freeman at a proper distance. I submit this for the consideration of our general and await orders.

Very truly, yours,J. B. WYMAN,

Acting Brigadier-General.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 2. Report of Major William D. Bowen, First Battalion Missouri Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS, Salem, December 9, 1861.

DEAR SIR: On the 5th we advanced in pursuit of the enemy. Finding they had retreated to the Current Hills, we pursued them four days through one of the roughest countries I have ever been in. We were two nights and two days in the saddle, stopping only a half hour at a time to feed. I followed them from Jack's Forks to Spring Valley, scouring the country in every direction as we advanced. We have been sometimes within 4 miles of him, but he has always managed to escape us, he having the advantage of knowing the by-paths. Captain Montgomery, being the advance guard of our column, on the 7th ran into a party of the enemy,but they discovered him and fled to the hills. He fired several shots at him without effect. It being a very rough country, heavy timber, and dark, it was impossible to follow

