
sent out by Colonel John D. Stevenson, Seventh Missouri Volunteers, from Lexington to Pink Hill, Mo., under the command of Captain John B. Kaiser, Missouri State Militia. Soon after their arrival at Pink Hill they took 10 kegs of power (25 pounds per keg), said to have to have been Parker's. Of skirmish which took place between his command and some bands of Quantrills and Parker's jayhawkers, Captain Kaiser speaks as follows:

That upon receipt of a dispatch from Captain Peabody, First Missouri Cavalry, stating he wished re-enforcements, as he had found the enemy he at once ordered Captain Murphy, with 2 lieutenants and 50 men, to his assistance. They discovered the enemy, after a march of 9 miles, upon a high bluff, on the waters of the Little Sni. Their position was one of great strength and advantage. The rocks of the fluff afforded them a strong breastwork and shelter. Communication with Captain Peabody was impossible, as the rebels were between them. Our men, upon discovering the enemy from the prairie, at once opened fire on them, and received a spirited reply at first. After a few more volleys, however the rebels gave way, and left their camp in our possession. It was impossible to ascend the bluff on horseback, and the time consumed by our men in securing their horses and scaling the bluff was long enough to give the rebels sufficient time for getting out of their reach. Their loss, however, is 5 killed, 6 wounded, and 1 prisoner. Our loss, 1 man severely and 1 man slightly wounded, and 2 horses killed. Rebel bands and marauders in the neighborhood are represented as getting troublesome and daring, and frequent scouting become necessary for the safety of loyal citizens and their property. Lieutenant Meller, who had been sent out by Captain Kaiser, returned bringing in 1 wagon.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain John B. Kaiser, Booneville Battalion Missouri Cavalry Militia.

PINK HILL., Mo., April 1, 1862.

COLONEL: I avail myself of this opportunity of informing you of the result of the expedition sent by you under my command.

I reached this point the same day I left Lexington. The only thing I have done of any importance is the capture of 10 kegs (25 pounds per keg) of Parker's power and a small skirmish with Quantrill's and Parker's bands of jayhawkers. The particulars are as follows:

On Sunday, the 30th, I received a dispatch from Captain Peabody, stating that he had found the enemy and wanted a re-enforcement. I immediately sent Captain Murphy, with 2 lieutenant, 3 sergeants, 5 corporals, and 41 privates, to assist him. They went about 9 miles, and found the enemy on a high bluff on the waters of the Little Sni. They had chosen a strong position, where nature had given them breastworks of rocks of the most formidable character. Their position

