
was such at to cut off communication between our men and Captain Peabody, of the First Missouri Cavalry, and they had got in direct range of the enemy's muskets before their discovered them and our men upon an open prairie; but they opened fire upon the rebels,t o which they vigorously replied. After a few volleys the enemy gave way and left his camp in our possession. Our men could not ascend the bluff on horseback, and by the time they hitched their horses and scaled the bluff the enemy were entirely out of our reach, but without loss. They had 5 men killed and 6 wounded in the shoulder by a ball from a Mississippi rifle; also one of the First Missouri Cavalry received a mortal wound in the abdomen. This comprises the loss sustained by us, with the exception of 2 horses, which were shot, both belonging to Company A, of my command.

The Union people here are suffering greatly from the hands of these ruffians. They are daily driven from their homes and many of them are caught and either hung or shot. No Union man is safe 1 mile from camp unless a force is with him. Parker's and Quantrill's bands now number nearly 200 men, as near as I can learn. The peaceable citizens here are very anxious that I would remain some time, but if I do I think it would be very necessary to have one piece of artillery to drive the rebels from the brush and to dislodge them from their strongholds. I would also suggest the propriety of having one company of infantry to guard the camp, so that I could take my command to catch these bands; and I think it will be necessary, for I learned yesterday evening that a band of 200 rebels, under a man by the name of Griggsby, had crossed the river for the purpose of helping Quantriall and Parker to attack me, and a great many of the rebel citizens are joining Parker for that purpose, and indications are very strong that such a move is on hand.

I am, colonel, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. KAISER.

Colonel JOHN. D. STEVENSON.

P. S.-Lieutenant Meller has just arrived from a scout and brought in one wagon.

APRIL 1, 1862.-Skirmish at Doniphan, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Fred. Steele, U. S. Army.

Colonel Carlin's advance guard had a skirmish with the rebels in fording the river at Doniphan on the 1st instant. Killed, 1 lieutenant, wounded others; took their camp, all supplies of forage, provisions, &amp;c., and some small-arms, without any loss on our part; took important official dispatches. Van Dorn is at Jacksonport, preparing to meet us. General Cabell is at Pocahontas, with 2,500 men. Lieutenant-Colonel Danley, in command of pickets, is probably at Pitman's Ferry. Our infantry was skirmishing with rebels when messenger left.

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

General HALLECK.

