
Lieutenant Hummel was released on his parole. There is one Captain Lewis here-one of Thompson's captains-on parole. He say he has left Thompson service, but Captain Jefferies says he is willing to release Lieutenant Hummel for him. I think the exchange would be advantageous to us. I have given Lewis a safe-conduct toll I hear from headquarters if the exchange is approved.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

LINDSAY MURDOCH,

Captain, M. S. M., Commanding Post

Colonel C. W. MARSH, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 2. Report of Captain William Flentz, Missouri Cavalry, Militia.

CAPE GIRARDEAU, April 8, 1862.

In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 141, I proceeded with a detail of 25 men of my company, in connection with 23 of Company A, under command of Lieutenant Hummel; 21 of Company B, under command of Captain Walker. We proceeded on Bloomfield road to William Raney's. Captain Walker and Thomas Esten, of my company, took sick, and returned to Cape Girardeau. We thence proceeded to Jackson. About 5 miles this side of Jackson we were informed that Colonel William Jefferies, with his force, was in the vicinity of Jackson, consisting of about three companies. We rushed into Jackson at full speed and threw picket. The rebels had retreated. Lieutenant Hummel, with 8 or 10 men, followed some of the rebels down the northwest prong of Hable's Creek. They took their stand about a quarter of a mile below town in ambush, where they commenced the firing on our men. I with a squad of about 15 went to re-enforce Lieutenant Hummel, but they were too strong, and we had to retreat. Had 1 man killed-Reuben McDonald. William M. Browner was wounded (since dead) and W. W. Preffer missing-all of Company A. Lieutenant Hummel was wounded and taken prisoner. John A. Taylor, Company B, was wounded, and James Tergin, of Company C, was also wounded; had 3 horses killed, 1 badly wounded. I missed 2 saddles and several arms. Had to return to Cape Girardeau for re-enforcements, on account of bad arms. Report was that they lost 4 men and 2 missing.

WM. FLENTZ,

Captain, Commanding Company, C. M. S. M.

APRIL 9-16.-Scout to Shiloh Camp, on Hoyle's Run, near Quincy and skirmishes; scout to Little Niangua, Hickory Country, and scout from Humansville to Montevallo, Vernon Country, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Joseph W. McClurg, Missouri Cavalry, Militia.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND BATTALION M. S. M.,Linn Creek, Mo., April 22, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of scouts:

Captain Cosgrove, Company B, under date April 11, informs me that

