
Private James G. Bobbitt, while in company with 5 others, was fired upon from ambush in the vicinity of Quincy, Hickory County, and wounded, and died in eight hours. Also that Corporal Edward Powers, who had, contrary to orders, separated from a detachment of twenty, was taken prisoner on the Little Niangua, Hickory County, by band of marauders, and murdered. That Sergeant Enos Halbert, who had been fired upon from the brush and seriously wounded, had recovered. That about 40 compose that band of guerrillas in Hickory Country, plundering, stealing, and ordering off Union families.

Captain Gravely, Company D, under date of 17th instant, informs me that he left joined Colonel Moss, of Osceola, with 75 men; that Colonel Moss that night left the whole command within 5 miles of Montevallo, Vernon Country, and with 25 men went to the town and remained during the night. About daybreak of the 14th 15 rebels up and fired upon Colonel Moss, killing 2 men and badly wounding 4 others. He fired on the rebels, but only wounded 1 man. The whole command was sent forward, rushed into town, and pursued the retreating rebels, killing 2 of them and capturing 1. Our men, while absent, captured about 10 men who were in the Humansville fight, found several horses which had been stolen from Union men and returned them to their owners, and returned themselves to Humansville on the night of the 16th instant. Captain Gravely says: "Our guns are not efficient" (meaning the Austrian carbines), and adds, "I wish to charge them for rifles." He closes with this language:

The secessionists on Cedar are yet embodied in sufficient to resist the law against our command, and we have no chance to disperse them, armed as we are at present. They have the advantage of us in arms greatly outnumber us. If my company was armed with rifles and I could get 100 other men, we could drive them from the brush.

Lieutenant Reeder, under date-of April 18, instant, says in substance:

Captain Ludlow, of Lebanon, of Colonel Waring's command, with 85 men, met us to the hour. We found the captain competent for the work. We left Morgan's Mill (2 miles from Black Oak Point, Hickory Country) on the 9th instant for Urbana. There Captain Menifee proceed to Bolivar with his command. Captain Ludlow them changed his route, and again camped near Morgan's Mill. We started on the 10th for the Niangua and gave it a thorough scouring, capturing several prisoners. At one house we found two knapsacks, one containing three United States jackets, two pairs pants, one saddle and bridle, supposed to be Edward Powers', the murdered man above spoken of. We then turned for Shiloh Camp, on Hoyle's Creek, north

of Quincy, and reached it on the 12th instant. The rebels had been dispersed by the Iowa boys on the 11th instant, who killed 11 men and captured several prisoners. We took one prisoner, and ascertained from him that 27 of the rebels had passed the high half a mile from us. Captain Ludlow sent me with my men to examine. We found the statement true. The rebels had fled to the brush. By order of Captain Ludlow I had the house all burned, five in number. The place was a rebel headquarters in those parts. Captain Ludlow then started for Lebanon. I accompanied him as far as North Prairie, where I was left to work my way. The rebels are in the brush and hard to find. I learn that they are collecting at James Tipton's, on Hoyle's Creek. It so, we will disperse them soon. The short guns are no go; several of them have no tubes from the first fire, and others will not stand more than one more.

Captain Moore, Company H, writes in substance:

RAINS' MILL, MORGAN COUNTY, April 19, 1862.

After crossing Osage River the rain we marched all evening through the rain. Next day we arrived at Rains' Mill at 2 o'clock p. m., and found him willing to render us every assistance in his power. There are no guerrilla bands in this immediate vicinity. There are, however, some secessionist who are yet encouraging rebellion. I expect to attend to them. I don't think it will be necessary for us to remain here long, as we

