
The appropriation not being sufficient to complete and equip more than three altered and seven built gunboats, the department is embarrassed by the action of the commanding general [Department of the] West, in ordering so many mortar rafts, tugs, and altered boats in addition to those contacted for by this department.

All cannot be completed without further appropriations, and for the present at least this department cannot remain money except for these contracted for under its authority.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 15, 1861.

Captain ANDREW H. FOOTE, U. S. N., Saint Louis, Mo.:

DEAR CAPTAIN: I regret the bad promise oft eh gunboats in regard to draught.

I cannot advise you at this distance how distance how to remedy the evil. One boat fitted up would show its extent, and enable you to determine the best means of remedy, if any be needed.

As for the mortar boats, I have written to you that the appropriation cannot meet cost. They were never intended. I see Mr. Adams, with a letter from Lieutenant Porter, calls for forty more tugboats small propellers.

Money is wanting. I am informed here that General Halleck has full instructions and I hope will bring order out of all this.

In the mean time use your own discretion as to alternations of construction.

We relied upon the naval constructor who modeled these gunboats. I still hope has not blundered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 1. Saint Louis, November 19, 1861.

I. In compliance with General Orders, Numbers 97, Headquarters of the Army, Washington, November 9, 1861, the undersigned hereby takes command of the Department of the Missouri, including the State of Missouri, Iowa, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Arkansas, and that portion of Kentucky west of Cumberland River.

* * * *

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, November 20, 1861.

Colonel RICHARD J. OGLESBY,

Commanding Second Brigade, Bird's Point, Mo.:

You will cause an immediate investigation to be made of the property now illegally held by officers and soldiers of your command. All officers

24 R R-VOL VIII

