
them. My command being out of provisions and scarcity of forage, I have had to fall back to Salem.

Freeman has retreated to McBride's command at Thomasville and is again advancing on the Currents. I shall be pleased, with you permission, to have another turn with him in the Current Hills; also to be furnished with two weeks' rations, as the country is entirely destitute of everything in the provision line. I have taken 20 prisoners and some 35 horses. I think it is very necessary for the service to keep a force in Salem, and also to meet them on the Current Hills. Scouts sent out by Captain Stevens have not yet returned.

I await your further orders, and remain, your humble servant,

W. D. BOWEN,

Major.

Acting Brigadier-General WYMAN.

P. S.-

GENERAL: Will you please inform me what I will do with the prisoners? A portion was taken with arms. I am satisfied they are all Freeman's men. I think if half of them were kicked and let go it would be the best thing we could do with them, for they are already near scared to death.

Your humble servant,

W. D. BOWEN,

DECEMBER 18, 1861.-Skirmish at Blackwater Creek, or Milford, Mo.

REPORTS, ETC.

No. 1.- Major General Henry W. Halleck, U. S. Army.

No. 2.- Brigadier General John Pope, U. S. Army.

No. 3.- Lieutenant Copley Amory, Fourth U. S. Cavalry.

No. 4.- Letter from Colonel Fred. Steele, Eight Iowa Infantry.

No. 1. Report of Major General Henry W. Hallec, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS, Saint Louis, Mo., December 20, 1861.

A part of General Pope's forces, under Colonel J. C. Davis and Major Marshall, surprised another camp of the enemy, on the afternoon of the 18th, at Milford, a little north of Warrensburg. A brisk skirmish ensued, when the enemy, finding himself surrounded, surrendered at discretion. We took 1,300 prisoners, including 3 colonels and 17 captains, and 1,000 stand of arms, 1,000 horses, 65 wagons, and a large quantity of tents, baggage, supplies. Our loss 2 killed and 8 wounded. Enemy's loss not yet known. Information received last night from Glasgow that our troops at that place had taken about 2 tons powder in kegs buried on Jackson's farm. This effectually cuts off their supply of ammunition.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General, Commanding.

GEORGIE B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding Army.

