
cers found with captured property, taken at Belmont or on your recent expedition, without written authority from these headquarters, will be placed in arrest, and soldiers so holding will be put in confinement. Conduct of such an infamous character has been reported to me as to call for an investigation. If incorrect, it is well that the matter should be set right. If true, the guilty should be punished, in order that the innocent may not suffer for the act of others. Knowing that your views in this matter accord with mine, I trust you will have this matter thoroughly investigated.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-general, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 3. Saint Louis, November 20, 1861.

I. It has been represented that important information respecting the numbers and condition of our forces is conveyed to the enemy be means of fugitive slaves who are admitted within our lines. In order to remedy this evil, it is directed that no such persons be hereafter permitted to enter the lines of any camp or of any forces on the march, and that any now within such lines be immediately excluded therefrom.

II. The general commanding wishes to impress upon all officers in command of posts and troops in the field the importance of preventing unauthorized persons of every description from entering and leaving our lines, and of observing the greatest precaution in the employment of agents and clerks in confidential positions. By order of Major-General Halleck:

WILLIAM McMICHAEL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 1. Saint Louis, Mo., November 20, 1861.

I. Pursuant to orders from Headquarters at Washington the under-signed hereby assumes command of the Department of Kansas.

II. The following-named gentleman are announced as constituting the staff of the major-general commanding:

Surg. Joseph K. Barnes, medical director; Major Charles G. Halpine assistant adjutant-general; Captain Marcus J. Parrott, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Edward W. Smith, assistant Adjutant-general; Captain J. W. Shaffer, Chief quartermaster; Captain J. W. Turner, chief commissary of subsistence; Major Edward Wright, aide-de-camp; Major R. M. Hough, aide-de-camp; Major L. D. Hubbard, aide-de-camp; Captain Richard W. Thompson, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant Samuel W. Stockton, aide-de-camp.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

[NOVEMBER 20 (about), 1861.]

Preamble and resolution by a committee from Missouri.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding United States forces in the State of Missouri&lt; &amp;c.:

We, the undersigned, citizens resident of Southwestern Missouri, in

