
view of the great desolation of the country and suffering of thousands of woman and children, present the following preamble and resolutions for your consideration:

Whereas there is now and has been a large force of the rebel troops in Southwestern Missouri, laying waste the whole country and subjecting women and children to destitution and starvation; and whereas that point of the State has remained loyal to the Government under all the trials and reverses through which she has been compelled to pass; and whereas that part of the State, in an agricultural point of view; will compare favorable with any other of the Western State, and contains more mineral wealth than any other State of the Union; and whereas that portion f the State lying between Springfield and Neosho is the key to Southern and Western Missouri, as also to Kansas and the Indian territories, from an invasion from the South; and whereas, if that portion of the State was held by Federal forces, it would enable the Federal and State authorities to raise several thousand troops for the service:

Resolved, therefore, 1st, That the Government of the United State is under obligations to the people of that part of the State to protect them in their rights as American citizens.

Resolved, 2nd, That the recent retrograde movement of our army from Springsfield has been the cause of from 3,000 to 5,000 men, women, and children leaving their homes, without money and many in a suffering condition.

Resolved, 3rd, that the people of the Southwest entertain the highest opinion of the military skill of Brigadier General Franz Sigal, and that we respectfully petition you to sent to the Southwest sufficient force to hold that part of the State.

Resolved, 4th, That we believe that 15,000 men, under a competent general, will be sufficient to drive the rebels from our land and restore peace to the country.

Resolved, 5th, That Nathan Bray, of Barton; Colonel A. Williamson, of Dade; J. B. Clerk, of Dade, and Dr. N. Hocke, of Lawrence Counties be appointed a committee to present these resolutions and preamble to Major-General Halleck.

A. WILLIAMSON,

President.

NATHAN BRAY, Secretary.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 21, 1861.

Captain ANDREW H. FOOTE, U. S. N.,

Commanding Gunboat Flotilla, Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: Your letter of the 15th instant in relation to the employment of paymasters is received.

The system of accountability seems a good one, but the name of paymaster grates upon official ears here, paymaster being appointed only by the President and Senate. We should call them clerks. No chief paymaster can be needed. That is the duty of the captain and assistant quartermaster, Captain Wise, who is the legal agent for the disbursement of all quartermaster's fund connected with the gunboats.

There is, I presume, a necessary for some one on each gunboats to take care of the property and make issues. On transports this is

