
usually the master of the vessels; on Western boats, the clerk, who acts as agent.

All money remitted from this department for this service will go to the quartermaster, Captain Wise, and be charged to him.

He must see, with your assistance and direction, that it is out into safe hands and properly and honestly disbursed. The accounts, therefore, of all subordinate agents must be made up in his office as his accounts.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 21, 1861.

General MEIGS, Quartermaster-General:

GENERAL: We have partially investigated three claims from Cincinnati, Ohio, for horses. The uniform price was $130. J. E. Reeside, appointed by General Fremont inspector of horses at Cincinnati, also contracted for the horses. We understand that there are other contransts there by Reeside at $125. His authority was from General Fremont to inspect horses and allow no to exceed $130, and to receive 2 1/2 per cent, for inspecting. Ought an inspector of horses to have anything to do with their purchase?

We would suggest that 2 1/2 per cent. for inspection of horses is an enormous price.

A witness this morning testified that he understood that Mr. Reeside was inspecting harness in Cincinnati.

Ought there not to an inquiry as to whether the same abuse does not exist in this as in the case of horse contracts? Ought not Reeside's authority to inspect horses to be revoked?

We are satisfied that any compensation given to inspectors of horses, harness, or anything else which is made to depend on the value of the article inspected will lead to the grossest fraud.

Most respectfully,

DAVID DAVIS,

Chairman of Board of Commissioners.

SPRINGFIELD, November 21, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

The Fifty-second Regiment, Colonel Wilson, and Fifty-fifth Infantry, Colonel Stuart, and Fourth Cavalry Regiment, Colonel Dickey, and Ninth Cavalry Regiment, Colonel Brackett, and nearly full. Those regiments have been ordered to Saint Louis by General Hunter without consultation with me. I have directed Colonels Stuart and Brackett to disregard the order. I have just learned of the orders to Colonels Wilson and Dickey. Both of the letter regiments are now being armed and will soon be ready for service. Referring you to order Numbers 78 of the War Department, I have the honor to request that you countermand the orders to Colonels Dickey and Wilson, and as soon as the organization of these regiments can be completed I will report the fact to you. I had a most pressing application from Generals Grant and McClearnand for an armed regiment at cave in Rock, in Hardin County, Illinois, and will, with your approbation, send one of the to that point when their organization can be completed. I have no other armed regiments but these as present. Please answer immediately.

RICH'D YATES,

Governor Illinois.

