HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., November 22, 1861.

Honorable RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois, Springfield, Ill.:

Yours of the 21st received. Orders for moving troops suspended Make no movements till further orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., November 22, 1861.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commander of the Western Department:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to represent to you that the force now under my command at Jefferson City is very small (numbering only about 1,000 effective men), which is to garrison the post, furnish the police of the city, and guard the Osage and Moreau Bridges on the Pacific Railroad and five bridges over Gray's Creek on the same railroad. Jefferson City being the seat of government of Missouri, the only political point in the State, the home of Gov. C. F., Jackson, in creases the anxiety of the rebel army under General Price to recapture Jefferson city over any other point in Missouri. The prestige given the secessionists in Missouri would be very powerful in the occupation of the capital of the State; therefore the enemy will make a greater effort to retake that point than all others in Missouri.

I would respectfully submit for your consideration the propriety of placing a good force at Jefferson City and at as early a period as possible. If we had, say, one good regiment of cavalry and two or three regiments of infantry, in addition to what we have, with some artillery, which we greatly need, we would be able, with the completion of our fortifications, which can be finished in a few weeks, to hold Jefferson City against a very large force.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. L. PRICE,

Brigadier-general, U. S. Army, Commanding Post, Jefferson City.

ROLLA, MO., November 22, 1861.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

The rebel forces between Springsfield and Lebanon are large. Their pickets extend 10 miles this side of Lebanon. Their forces are scattered over a large part of the country for subsistence. They pick up many stragglers and rob the fugitives.

G. M. DOODGE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, November 22, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I have frequently reported to the Western Department that the line of steamers plying between Saint louis and Cairo, by landing at a points on the Missouri shore, were enabled to afford aid and comfort to the

