
enemy, I have been reliably informed that some of the officers, particularly the clerks of these boats, were regularly in the employed of the Southern Confederacy, so called. The case of the Platte Valley, a few days since, confirmed me in this belief. I have heretofore recommended that all the carrying trade between here and Saint Louis be performed by Government, charging uniform rates. I would respectfully renew the suggestion, and in consideration of the special disloyalty of Southeastern Missouri I would further recommend that the all commerce be cut off from all points south of Cape Girardeau. There is not sufficiency of Union sentiment left in this portion of the State to save Sodom. This is show from the fact that Jeff. Thompson or any of the rebels can go into Charleston and spend hours or encamp for the night on their way north to depredate upon Union men, and not one loyalist is found to report the fact to our pickets, stationed but 1 1/2 miles off.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

SEDALIA, November 23, 1861.

General HALLECK:

GENERAL: I have what is deemed reliable information that Price is marching north with a large army at the rate of 30 miles a day. Force estimated at from 33,000 to 50,000. He will cross the Osage to-day at Huffman's Ferry. It is said that he is marching for this place. The lines are down between this and Syracuse.

FRED'K STEELE,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 23, 1861.

Colonel Fred, STEELE, Commanding, Sedalia, Mo.:

Make armed reconnaissance in sufficient force in the direction of the enemy's reported movements and keep me advised of the results.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 8. November 23, 1861.

Brigadier General WS. T. Sherman, having reported for duty in this department, will proceed at once to visit the different stations of the troops in this department, and will report, during his progress, to these headquarters the number and effective strength of the several regiments and companies, the State from which they came, the character of arms and ammunition, their equipment of clothing, wagons, tents, &amp;c., the means of obtaining subsistence and forage, their drill and discipline, the character of defenses, if any, and their ability to serve the guns in position or harnessed up, and generally all things considered to give the commanding general an idea of their real condition for service. He will also report upon the routes of rivers or railway upon which these troops depend for their supplies or transportation, and such other matters as may seem to him proper to communicated.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

