
of guns and ammunition; applications repeatedly made for necessary forces; bad condition to resist attack, much less to go into the field. The enemy will more likely attack Jefferson City, knowing our weakness. It possible to furnish more forces here?

THOS. L. PRICE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Numbers 1. Saint Louis, November 25, 1861.

An arrangement having been made between the Governor of Missouri and the Government of the United States, under which troops to be raised as Missouri State Militia, to serve in the State during the war, are to be armed, equipped, clothed, subsisted, transported, and paid by the United States during the time they are embodied as a military force, to be held in camp in camp and in the field, drilled and disciplined, according to the regulations of the Army of the United States, and to be subject to the Articles of War, the following general order has been issued from the War Department, and is herewith published for the information and guidance of all concerned.*

* * * *

This arrangement has been made in order to secure to the troops raised for the purpose of suppressing insurrection in and repelling invasion of the State of Missouri the same compensation as that received by the United States Volunteers.

To the end that the State Militia may be placed as nearly as possible upon the same footing with the United States Volunteers, the organization will be made the same, as follows, viz:

Each regiment shall have 1 colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 1 adjutant (a lieutenant), 1 quartermaster (a lieutenant), 1 surgeon and 1 assistant surgeon, 1 sergeant-major, 1 quartermaster-sergeant, 1 commissary-sergeant, and 2 principal musicians, and shall be composed of 10 companies, each company to consist of 1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 1 wagoner, and from 64 to 82 privates.

This force to be organized into brigades of not less than four regiments each; each brigade to have 1 brigadier-general, 2 aides-de-camp, 1 assistant adjutant-general with the rank of captain, 1 surgeon, 1 assistant quartermaster, and 1 commissary of subsistence (captains).

The company officers are to be elected by their respective companies and the field and staff officers appointed by the Governor.

The troops already organized under the call of the Executive of the State can have benefits of the arrangement made with the Government of the United States by increasing the numbers in companies and regiments to the requirements of the arrangement, and mustered into service for the war, according to its terms, their officers having the rank they now hold.

Major General Henry W. Halleck, of the United States Army, has been appointed and commissioned major-general of the missouri State Militia.

H. R. GAMBLE,

Governor of Missouri.

---------------

* See General Orders, Numbers 96, A. G. O., November 7, 1861, Series I, Vol. III, p. 565.

---------------

