
who are driving out all Union men. I have ordered forward the whole force from Lexington. Will reach Saint Louis and will communicate the designs of the enemy.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-general.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OR THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 27, 1861.

Brigadier General W. T. SHERMAN,

Or, in his absence, Colonel F. Steele, Sedalia, Mo.:

No forward movement of troops in Osceola will be made. Only strong reconnoitering parties will be sent in the supposed direction of the enemy, the remainder of the troops being held in position till more reliable information is obtained.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Saint Louis, Mo., November 27, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

Affairs here in complete chaos. Troops unpaid; without clothing or arms. Many never property mustered into service and some utterly demoralized. Hospitals overflowing with sick. One division of 7,500 has over 2,000 on sick list. Five division still in the field-two at Rolla and three near Sedalia. Price and McCulloch said to be moving north, crossing the Osage on Sunday near Osceola, and intended to attack either Lexington or Jefferson City. Have sent out strong reconnoitering parties from Sedalia and Rolla. Some skirmishing with enemy's advance guard and flankers, but nothing certain as to position of main body. Telegraph wires all work well, and I am in hourly communication with headquarters of divisions. All troops order to be in readiness to move. Price's forces estimated at from 15,000 to 23,000. Local rebels have risen in arms in Ray County and are fortifying themselves in Albany. General Prentiss ordered to move against them from Chillicothe with all the available troops of his command.

H. W. HALLECK,

SYRACUSE, November 27, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

My scouts have just come in with news from 25 miles south of the Osage. There are no signs of any enemy, except wandering parties of guerrillas in small numbers, who are now probably trying to make their way home north of the Missouri River. Price is reported at Greenfield, and in my opinion there is not the slightest prospect of his attempting to come north.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

