
QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 27, 1861.

Honorable Jos. HOLT. DAVIS, HUGH CAMPBELL,

Commissioners on Liabilities of Western Department:

GENTLEMEN: I hope received your letter in regard to Mr. Reeside's inspection of horses.

I trust it may be possible to prevent his being paid. The information of Mr. Reeside's appointment came to me by a letter from himself to a claim agent, Mr. Goszler, who referred it to this office. I inclose a copy, with the note I made upon it, and my letter to Captain Dickerson, assistant-quartermaster, U. S. Army, at Cincinnati, in regard to it.

I called the attention of the Secretary of War to the matter at the time of its receipt. Over General Fremont and his order I had not authority.

As regards the purchase of horses, I would never have adopted this method.

Captain Turnley, assistant-quartermaster, U. S. A., can give you some information in regard to Mr. Reeside's shipment of horses, which at the rate verbally reported to me would net him something $400 or $500 a day.

I also inclose copies of a telegram and a letter to Captain Turnley sent upon receipt of his first estimate for purchase of horses at Saint Louis.*

The Secretary disapproved one of the contract-that for the purchase of horses in Canada-and the purchase was forbidden.

The prices estimated were disapproved. Money was remitted, however, as it was understood here that more horses and supplies would be needed.

I trust this matter may be sifted thoroughly, and no such compensation be allowed as Mr. Reeside would claim. I take it for granted that he is no longer employed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, September 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose a letter + addressed by J. E. Reeside, at Cincinnati, to one of the clerks in this office.

Mr. Reeside states that he has received and accepted the appointment of inspector of horses for the Western Department, and that he has been ordered by General Fremont to Cincinnati. He desires to be appointed inspector for the Eastern Department also, as he says he can attend to all his duties for the Western Department and have idle time. He wishes to be clothed with authority to confine contractors within geographical districts, in order to prevent competition. He also offers to inspect all horses intended for the Eastern Department and for

---------------

* Omitted as unimportant.

+ Not found.

25 R R-VOL VIII

---------------

