
correct, the power to make contracts for clothing to a Union Defense Committee.

All bills will finally receive an examination in this office, but I think that all contracts should be examined by some Government officer before being executed.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

Suggestion of Quartermaster-General approved.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 3, 1861.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 3, 1861.

Captain J. H. DICKERSON, Cincinnati, Ohio:

CAPTAIN: Mr. J. E. Reeside writes here that he is, by order of General Fremont, at Cincinnati, with power to inspect all horses for the Western Department.

He desires, having "idle time," perform the same duties for the Eastern Department and for Western Virginia.

This he offers to do on the terms allowed him for the Western Department-2 1/ per cent.

Some 20,000 horses are to be delivered here in the next six weeks, and at this rate, if he performed the duties, the fees would amount to about $60,000-$10,000 a week.

The cost of mounting a regiment would be increased $3,000 by such inspection. I trust no such arrangement has been made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington City, October 4, 1861.

Major Robert ALLEN,

Quartermaster, Saint Louis, Mo.:

MAJOR: I have received from Captain Turnley several estimates of large amount, upon which I find it necessary to make some remarks.

Some of the object of expenditure are not embraced in the appropriations for this department. They belong properly to the Engineer Department and to the Ordnance Department, and for them requisitions and estimates should be addressed to those department. Others exceed the amounts appropriated by Congress. Upon these, however, I will write more fully at a later hour.

I have called urgently for $500,000 to be remitted to you for the quartermaster's department in the West.

The call upon the Secretary of the Treasury, at a meeting of the heads of bureau night before last, called by the Secretary of War, informed us that it would be necessary to spread the payments for equipping, organizing, and raising this army over a longer time.

Heavy debts must in some cases wait. Thus far the Government has

