
endeavored to pay promptly as it went on. But $1,000,000 a day is for the present its rate of income, and it cannot pay at a more rapid rate. Therefore use this $500,000 to pay the most necessary expenses only; those necessary to make the army effective.

Use a careful discretion in relation to paying accounts for supplies not purchased under and legal contracts. Examine prices and reduce them to fair and equitable rates. Leave no margin for profits in jobbing contracts. Let speculators wait.

I have within a few days, for example, a letter from the Union Defense Committee of Chicago, naming a person to supply 1,000 horses quite as good as the Government has been getting at Chicago and offering these horses at $95 each. Why, them, should the high prices named in Saint Louis be paid? It is reported that horse contracts are sold by speculators in Saint Louis. The papers so publicly and loudly declare this, that the officers of the Quartermaster's Department cannot ignore the accusation.

Whenever a bill bears the aspect be jobbing, of speculation, of illegality, set it aside as one of those to be deferred. For services duly rendered pay a fair equivalent.

It is understood that prices of clothing have risen beyond the standard in some places. Do not pay such bills if much exceeding the standard prices without first referring them to this office.

For fortifications and for ordnance we have no money, and the $500,000 now forwarded should not be applied to such uses, however necessary.

Of course you understand you duty in case the commanding general assume the responsibility of ordering an account to be paid. He is the responsible head in his department and must judge in extreme cases, taking by a distinct order the pecuniary responsibility upon himself. But he should be made aware, with all respect and loyalty, of the legal or other objection, to that he can with knowledge and be protected against errors arising from inexperience in the regulations.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

SPECIAL ORDER, DIVISION HDQRS. 1ST AND 2nd DIVISIONS, Numbers -. Syracuse, November 27, 1861.

The following movements will be made by the First and Second Division of the Army of the West:

The Second Division, under Brigadier General Jeff. C. Davis, will march tomorrow morning, the 28th instant, at 9 'clock a. m.., and will encamp at the edge of the timber, 3 miles north of Otterville.

The First Division, under Brigadier General T. J. Turner, will also march to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock a. m., and will encamp between La Mine River and Otterville.

On the following morning, the 29th instant, the two division will march at 8 o'clock a. m., and report to the general commanding them at Sedalia.

By order of General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

