
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MISSOURI STATE MILITIA, Numbers 1. Saint Louis, Mo., November 27, 1861.

Brigadier General John M. Schofield, of the United States Volunteers, having been appointed and commissioned brigadier-general of the Missouri State Militia, is hereby placed in command of all the militia of the State.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General Missouri State Militia.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 28, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding the Army, Washington City:

GENERAL: I reached this city on the 18th, where I met General Hunter, who had just arrived. On the 19th I assumed the command and have since use every endeavor to ascertain the true condition of affairs here, but the want of proper staff officers and in the absence of returns my progress in this matter has not been as rapid as I could wish. One week's experience, however, is sufficient to prove that everything here is in complete chaos. The most astonishing order and contracts for supplies of all kinds have been made large amounts purport to have been received, but there is nothing to show that they have ever been properly issued, and they cannot now be found. If ever really received, they have either been stolen or diverted from their legitimate purposes. Many of these diversions are represented to have been made by order of Captain I. C. Woods, of the Commissary Department, who acted as a colonel of General Fremont's staff and chief of transportation. Captain Woods was ordered to report to me in person and to turn over all property in his possession. He has reported, but says he has no property belonging to the United States, and that he has never been responsible for any. I is officially report to me that such diversions were frequently made by Captain Woods and no receipts whatever given to the officers who were accountable for the property diverted. Property invoiced and sent from this place to officers at other places never reached its destination and was never receipted for either by the officer to whom it was directed or by the person who arrested it on the way and diverted it to some other purposes, sometimes probably very proper, and sometimes very improper. It is exceedingly difficult to obtain reliable information on this matter, at this business seems to have been carried on in such a manner as to leave the least possible trace behind. Captain Woods has reported to Captain T. J. Haines, chief commissary, but from the reputed bad character of Captain Woods Captain Haines is unwilling to assign him to any duty.

Many of the troops at different points are reported to be without arms and suffering for the want of clothing and blankets. It being impossible to ascertain whether or not sufficient supplies had already been issued in such, I detailed Brigadier-General Sturgis to examine into the condition of those in this vicinity and sent Brigadier-General Sherman to examine the three divisions near Sedalia and the detachments along the road. General Sturgis has already remedied some of these evils here and I hope soon to hear result of General Sherman's mission. I have no officers to sent to other points in the department.

