
the enemy, reduced to about 500, scattered completely, one portion fleeing precipitately towards Butler and the other towards Papinsville. The main body of my command moved slowly towards Warrensburg, awaiting the return of the force under Lieutenant-Colonel Brown, which proceeded from Johnstown to scour the country south of Grant River to the neighborhood of Clinton. In these operations 16 wagons, loaded with tents and supplies, and 150 prisoners were captured. The enemy's force was thoroughly dispersed.

On the morning of the 18th Lieutenant-Colonel Brown's forces rejoined the command. Knowing that there must still be a large force of the enemy north of us, I moved slowly on the 18th towards Warrensburg, and when near that town the spies and scouts I had sent before, marching from Sedalia in the direction of Lexington, Waverly, and Arrow Rock, reported to me that a large force was marching from the two latter places, and wold encamp that night at the mouth of Clear Creek, just south of Milford. I posted the main body of my command near Warrensburg and Knobnoster, to close all outlets to the south between those two points,and dispatched seven companies of cavalry, five of the First Iowa and two of the Fourth Regular Cavalry, afterwards re-enforced by another company of regular cavalry and a section of artillery, all under command of Colonel J. C. Davis, Indiana Volunteers, to march on the town of Milford, so as to turn the enemy's left and rear and intercept his retreat to the southeast, at the same time directing Major Marshall, with Merrill's regiment of horse, to march from Warrensburg on the same point, turning the enemy's right,and rear and forming a junction with Colonel Davis. The main body of my command occupied a point 4 miles south, and ready to advance at a moment's notice or to intercept the enemy's retreat south.

Colonel Davis marched promptly and vigorously with the forces under his command, and at a late hour in the afternoon came upon the enemy encamped in the wooded bottom-land on the west side of Blackwater, opposite the mouth of Clear Creek. His pickets were immediately driven in across the stream, which was deep, miry,and impassable, except by a long narrow bridge, which the enemy occupied in force - as is believed, under Colonel Magoffin. Colonel Davis brought forward his force, and directed that the brigade be carried by assault. The two companies of the Fourth Regular Cavalry being in advance, under the command respectively of Lieutenant Gordon and Lieutenant Amory, were designated for that service, and were supported by the five companies of the First Iowa. Lieutenant Gordon,of the Fourth Cavalry,led the charge in person with the utmost gallantry and vigor, carried the bridge in fine style, and immediately formed his company on the opposite side. He was promptly followed by the other companies. The force of the enemy posted at the bridge retreated precipitately over a narrow open space into the woods, where his whole force was posted. The two companies of the Fourth Cavalry formed in line at once, advanced upon the enemy,and were received with a heavy volley of small arms, muskets, rifles, and shot-guns. One man was killed and 8 wounded by this discharge, with one exception all belonging to Company D, Fourth Cavalry, Lieutenant Gordon. Lieutenant Gordon him self received several balls through his cap. Our forces still continuing to press forward,and the enemy finding his retreat south and west cut off, and that he was in presence of a large force, and at best could only prolong the contest a short time, surrendered at discretion. His force, reported by the colonel commanding, consisted of parts of two regiments of infantry and three companies of cavalry, numbering in all 1,300 men,

