
entitled to the command; but it was not intended, unless necessary to take the field, that they should be moved from their stations, but that the commanders of divisions remain as they were. If you deem movements necessary telegraph me, and I will order them. if not, return to your stations and remain as before.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., November 28, 1861.

General HALLECK:L

Steamer Shreveport arrived; reports one division rebel army expected at Lexington to-day, part to recross the river and destroy North Missouri Railroad. Great number returning from rebel army in detached forces through upper country.

THOS. L. PRICE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, November 29, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

After thoroughly sifting for a whole week all information received from scouts, spies, &amp;c., I am satisfied that the enemy is operating in and against this State with a much larger force than was supposed when I left Washington, and also that a general insurrection is organizing in the counties near the Missouri River between Booneville and Saint Joseph. A desperate effort will be made to supply and winter their troops in this State, so as to spare their own resources for a summer campaign. What is wanted here most is arms. Many of our regiments have none of any kind.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., November 29, 1861.

Major General D. HUNTER, Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Price and McCulloch are said to be moving towards Lexington or Kansas City, and that insurrections are being organized on both sides of the Missouri River west of Sedalia, both to re-enforce them and to destroy the Hannibal Saint Joseph Railroad. General Prentiss has returned to the command of Northwestern Missouri, and is, or soon will be, at Chillicothe. Please telegraph me any information of enemy's movements or your own dispositions.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,November 29, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK, Commanding:

D. W. Contvere, who was following the secession army since November 14, when he left Sarcoxie, together with about 900 men of General Rain's division, gives me the following intelligence:

