
There was a general movement of the Missouri troops northward, and their line was formed on Tuesday last, November 26, from Stockton on the river to a point near Nevada City on the left-the right wing, about 6,000 under command of General McBride, the left, under General Rains. General Price, commanding the center, was then probably near Montevallo. Colonel Clarkson, bringing up the rear, left Greenfield last Sunday, November 24. The whole fighting force was about 14,000 men, as per statement of the quartermaster. The men are poorly clad any very short in food and forage, and express manifest threats against Kansas. They think that their present move is directed against that State. Some entertained the hope that they would remain in their present position several weeks. They say they have nearly sixty pieces of cannon and some batteries, lately received from the Confederate States. My scout further says that an order from General Price to General McCulloch to follow up with his command was disregarded by the latter, and that he and McCulloch to follow up with his command was disregarded by the latter, and that he and McCulloch were performing retreat into Arkansas. General McCulloch was at or near Springfield on the 23rd of November. There are no troops, except a few scattering marauding squads, in all the country east of Stockton. My authority passed near Buffalo on the 26th. The next day he came through Lebanon, and staid last night on troops, but heard of an occasional scout.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Acting Brigadier-General, Commanding Third Division.

SYRACUSE, November 29, 1861.

General HALLECK:

My opinions about Price's forces are confirmed by intelligence from all quarters. His army is scattered all over the country for a hundred miles in every direction is squads more or less large. It is more than doubtful whether they will again unite. I think it certain they will not this winter. it is known that the term of enlistment of nearly all of them expires this month. They are anxious to get home to the river counties and North Missouri. It is probably that Price himself has not crossed the osage, and has a small, if any, force with him. Pursuit will only scatter them more, without other result than breaking down our own troops. Our forces are suffering much for want of shelter, which cannot be found in this section.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. FIFTH DIVISION, ARMY OF MISSOURI,Sedalia, November 29, 1861.

Vol. J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dept., of Missouri:

COLONEL: An acquaintance of mine, Major Marvin, a resident of Henry Country, of this State, came from Clinton to-day. he informs me that there is no considerable force of Price's army in that vicinity. He had seen two small parties who were pressing animals for artillery service. He says most of Price's army and all his artillery, according to the best of his information and belief, are still on the other side of the Osage.

