
SAINT LOUIS, November 30, 1861.

GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Major-general, Commanding U. S. Army:

My letter of the 25th* explains in relation to martial law, the authority to be given only to myself. I can do nothing here without. Surrounded as I am by traitors and spies, I must have it. I know nothing of Koerner; never heard of him before. Cannot appoint him till I make inquiries.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, November 30, 1861.

Major General George B. McCLELLAN,

Commander-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

General: There can be no doubt that the enemy is moving north with a large force, and that a considerable part of Northern Missouri is in a state of insurrection. The rebels have organized in many counties, taken Union men prisoners, and are robbing them of horses, wagons, provision, clothing, &amp;c. There is as yet no large gathering in any one place so that we can strike them. To punish these outrages and to arrest the traitors who are organizing these forces and furnishing supplies, it is necessary to use the military power and enforce martial law. I cannot arrest such men and seize their papers without exercising martial law, for there is no civil authority to reach them. The safety of Missouri requires the prompt and immediate exercise of this power, and if the President is not wiling to intrust me with it he should relieve me from the command. It is and has been for months exercised here by my predecessors, but I cannot find any written authority of the President for doing so. I mean to act strictly under authority and according to instructions, and where authority will not be granted the Government must not hold me responsible for the result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

ROLLA, MO., November 30, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Another of my scouts in from the southwest. Left Osceola Tuesday night. Price was there with 4,000 men, McBride at Stockton with 6,000, and Rains at Chester with 5,000. The quartermaster of the force is own cousin to my scout, who informed him that Price is determined to ravage and burn Kansas even if peace was declared to-morrow, and intends to go into Kansas north of Fort Scott at or near Butler. McCulloch was ordered north with his whole force, but he refused to go, and is falling back into Arkansas. About one-third of the Cherokees are rebels. About 5,000 of them are moving north to join Price in Kansas.

John Ross, after being hung up three times, was forced to agree to remain neutral, with the remainder of the tribe. One of Price's spies

---------------

* See Appendix, p. 817.

---------------

