
SAINT LOUIS, November 30, 1861.

Quartermaster-General M. C. MEIGS, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I inclose two letters from Captain Howard in relation to men, which will explain themselves. I await your directions in the matter, yet we want the men, but regret that it will require so much money to obtain them.

The remaining two of the four gunboats built here in convoy of the New Era leave to-morrow or next day for Cairo. I hope to be able to leave myself in the Benton on the 4th proximo, next Wednesday, for Cairo, to have her and the gunboats there completed with the best facilities we can command. We have tried the engines successfully of the two of the seven gunboats which leave to-morrow or next day. I am using every means, working night and day and Sunday, to get our boat down to Cairo.

Will you please give me instructions as to the mode of accepting the several gunboats, the first of which will be ready to be handed over soon after I reach Cairo-this day week or before. I shall want funds, or would rather the advance and other expenses of Captain Howard's men should be paid before they leave New York, in case you conclude to have the men sent, as preferred by him.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer.

[Inclosures.]

WASHINGTON, November 26, 1861.

DEAR SIR: I wrote you this morning, since when I have seen Assistant Secretary Fox. He says I may send You 1,000 men, although they are doing better than he expected; still he will be glad if I will join you will 1,000,more seamen. If you can arrange it in such a manner as to have some money (advance) paid in new York, the thing can be arranged at once. I shall make it a point to see General Meigs after (if possible) a grand review or regulars to be held now (1 p. m).

Ever, yours,

W., A. HOWARD.

WASHINGTON, November 26, 1861.

Flag-Officer FOOTE,

Commanding U. S. Naval Forces of the Mississippi:

MY DEAR SIR: This is the third of to-day, but thinking perhaps I had better see General Meigs before I left, I deferred my going to New York until to-morrow. I went to the review and met him; informed him what I had done, what I had written you respecting the advance, what Fox had said, &amp;c. The general then said he had no doubt you would advance the money; hoped you would; that it was in your power, &c. I mention these things to show you the feeling of the officers at the head of the department. You will of course be governed (as you always were) by what you consider right. I said " May I make this statement as coming from you?" "Yes, certainly," was the reply. My anxiety, as you will see, makes me seize every shrub in climbing this hill. Don't get tired of me.

Yours, truly,

W. A. HOWARD.

