
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 11. Saint Louis, November 30, 1861.

I. The following officers of the staff and staff corps of this department having reported for duty at headquarters will be recognized and obeyed accordingly.

Brigadier General George W. Cullum, chief of staff and chief of engineers.

Brigadier General Schuyler Hamilton, assistant chief of staff.

Captain J. C. Kelton, assistant adjutant-general, in charge of office.

Captain William McMichael, assistant adjutant-general.

Captain S. M. Preston, assistant adjutant-general.

Major Robert Allen, chief of quartermaster's department.

Captain Thomas J. Haines, chief of subsistence department.

Surg. J. J. B. Wright, chief of medical department.

Lieutenant Colonel T. P, Andrews, chief of pay department.

Lieutenant Colonel J. B. McPherson, aide-de-camp and assistant to chief of engineers.

Colonel George Thom, aide-de-camp and chief of Topographical Engineers.

Colonel Richard D. Cutts, aide-de-camp on topographical duty.

Captain Franklin D. Callender, chief of ordnance department.

Lieutenant Colonel James Totten, chief of artillery.

Captain John Hoskin, acting aide-de-camp.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Rolla, Mo., December 1, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: The reliable reports from Springfield are that Price's, Rains', and McBride's forces are in Vernon, Cedar, Date, Saint Clair, and Barton counties. A scout in this morning 34 miles from Springfield makes it certain that no heavy force in between here and that point. Price has ordered Freeman and his band to steal, rob, and pillage around us at this point, which order they are carrying out to the best of their ability. I caught this morning a fugitive slave from the Cherokee Nation. He says that the Cherokees and dissatisfied and afraid of the force at Fort Scott,a nd that a portion of them have gone home.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., December 1, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

From reliable information I am convinced that a large force is moving north to Kansas City, Mo., and that the place must fall unless a brigade is sent there immediately from Sedelia and kept there during the winter. One would also be sent to Lexington.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.

