HEADQUARTERS,Fort leavenworth, Kans., December 1, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have no reliable information with regard to the movement of Price. Report says he is moving north with a large force. The rebels have possession of the railroad between Weston and Saint Joseph, and here cut off our mails. I think it all important that an efficient officer should be placed at Saint Joseph and a regiment sent to Weston and one to Liberty. These regiments should come together to Weston, and have some artillery, as the rebels have several pieces there. Please telegraph me what you do in the premises, the I may co-operate with you.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT JOSEPH, MO., December 1, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

I will move from this point with forces into the counties directed on Wednesday. Many of Price's men are north of Missouri River. From letters taken from prisoners a large force from Price's army is en route for lexington. Will write you first train.

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH BRIGADE,Rolla, Mo., December 2, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Two companies of cavalry, returning from a reconnaissance-one by way of Little Piney, across the Gasconade, and another 5 miles from Hainesville, on the right bank of that river-confirm my former reports. No rebel troops are at Lebanon nor in its vicinity; but many men of the enemy, returning to their respective homes, are committing depredations and other outrages on Union men. Our camps are covered with snow, and I am obliged to move some of my regiments to higher ground.

ASBOTH,

Acting Major-General, Commanding Fourth Division.

SYRACUSE, December 2, 1861.

Major-general Halleck: Dr. Moore, a prominent citizens of this section, desires to go to Price's camp, south of Osceola, with letters from Governor Gamble, having in view negotiation for disbanding Price's forces and their return to allegiance to the Government. Shall Dr. Moore be passed through our lines for this purpose? The letter of Governor Gamble states the condition of immunity for past offenses, as defined to him by the President. Price is in a desperate condition, and no doubt many of his command, if not the large part of it, would avail themselves of such a chance to lay down their arms. Dr. Moore awaits your decision.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

