
among when there were three colonels (Robinson, Alexander, and Magoffin), one lieutenant-colonel (Robinson), and one major (Harris),and 51 commissioned company officers.

About 500 horses and mules, 73 wagons heavily loaded with powder, lead, tents, subsistence stores, and supplies of various kinds, fell into our hands, as also 1,000 stand of arms.

The whole force captured, with their train, were marched into the camp of the main body, reaching there about midnight. Many arms were thrown away by the enemy in the bushes or creek when he surrendered and have not yet been found. It was impossible to furnish any accurate account of the number of prisoners, or horses when I telegraphed, as they surrendered just at dark and were brought into camp at a late hour of night. The weather was bitterly cold, and the troops marched as early as possible the next morning for Sedalia and Otterville. As the prisoner and arms were at once sent down to Saint Louis, I have not yet had the opportunity of making any accurate count of them. The numbers as stated were reported to me by Colonel Robinson, their commander; by Colonel J. C. Davis, and by Major Torrence, First Iowa Cavalry.

The forces under Colonel Davis behaved with great gallantry, and the conduct of Colonel Davis himself was distinguished. I desire to present to your special notice Colonel J. C. Davis, Indiana Volunteers; Major Hubbard, First Missouri Cavalry; and Lieutenant Gordon, Fourth Regular Cavalry. Both officers and men behaved well throughout.

Within five days the infantry forces comprising this expedition have marched 100 miles, the cavalry more than double that distance; have swept the whole country of the enemy west of Sedalia as far as Rose Hill to a line within 15 miles of the Osage; have captured nearly 1,500 prisoners, 1,200 stand of arms, nearly 100 wagons, and a large quantity of supplies. The march alone would do credit to old soldiers, and it gives me pleasure to state that it has been performed with cheerfulness and alacrity. The troops reoccupied their camps at Sedalia and Otterville just one week after they marched out of them. A list of our killed and wounded will be transmitted as soon as possible. The enemy's loss is not known and cannot yet be ascertained. Some of his dead were found on the field.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri.

No. 3. Report of Lieutenant Copley Amory, Fourth U. S. Cavalry.

HDQRS. SQUADRON FOURTH U. S. CAVALRY, Camp near Sedalia, Mo., December 29, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by Companies B, C, D, ofthe Fourth Regular Cavalry, under my command, at the action on the Blackwater River, at Milford, on the 19th December. I had reported with my three companies to General Jeff. C. Davis, and had left the town of Knobnoster some 3 miles behind

