
pointed by the President for such information as they may deem proper to furnish.

The president of the board will notify the members of their appointment, and fix the times of meeting, &amp;c.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Halleck;

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., December 3, 1861-11 a. m.

Major-General McCLELLAN, Commanding U. S. Army:

Price is probably still near Oscelona. Our preparations have checked his advance. McCulloch near Springfield, falling back forward Arkansas. Perhaps his retreat is a mere ruse, to draw our forces from Rolla in the direction of Osceola. Our troops terribly from sickness and cold. Every effort is being made to supply their wants. Neither the quartermaster's nor pay department have money. Why is this?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTEMT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., December 3, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commander-in-Chief, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your telegram of yesterday, desiring a report of the general state of affairs, condition of gunboats, finished, their draught of water, number of guns, &c., is received. My letters Nos. 1 and 2 will afford some information on these points, especially as to their condition. I have not yet been to obtain reports of their numbers and organization, altough such reports were ordered soon after my arrival here.

As already stated, my first efforts, after making provisions against the enemy's movements in the west and north, have been directed to supplying and reorganizing the troops, who are in a most disorganized, and some of them in a suffering, condition. I have not been albe, and shall not for some time be able, to give any attention to the gunboats. Flag-Officer Foote is now at Cairo. He hass no formal reports to me. As soon as he returns I will call upon him to report to me the information you desire. In the mean time information, if immediately required, can probably be obtained from his reports to the Navy Department.

The cold here is very severe, and our troops, in miserable tents and poorly clothed, is working night and day to remedy these evils; but this requires time, for the volunteer officers are generally ignorant of their duties and have to be taught. My supply of regular officers should be increased, at least temporarily, in order to enable me to muster in and organize the fragments and regiments now in service. As soon as possible I will send you more formal and complete reports. In the mean time I will give you all the information I can myself obtain.

Price is still near Osceola. His force is variously estimated at from

