
10,000 to 30,000 men, but greatly demoralized and dissatisfied. The following have been represented to me as the enemy's plans and intentions: Insurrections were to be organized in various directions. In the mean time Price was to threaten Sedalia, not supposed to be strong, and make a dash at Jefferson City, the isurgents at different points also moving in that direction. If the troops at Rolla moved in Price's rear McCulloch was to cut them off from Saint Louis.

It is said that plans were abandoned on finding our forces in the vicinity of Sedalia much stronger any farter. He and McCulloch are said to be waiting for us to make some move. If Price succeeded in the north, the large Confederate forces at Columbus were either to attack Paducah or to cross the river and threaten this city. I give you these reported plans for what they are worth. I shall prepare as large a force as possible for the field, but I shall make no movements without some definite object, except the sending out of strong scouting parties. This I am doing daily.

I have directed to the Adjutant-General of the Army the correspondence between General Grant and Bishop General Polk in relation to the exchange of prisoners.* After full consideration of the subject I am of the opinion that prisoners ought to be exchanged. This exchange is a mere military convention. A prisoner exchanged under the laws of war is not thereby exempted from trial and punishment as a traitor. Treason is a state civil offense, punishable by the civil courts; the exchange of prisoners of war is only a part of the ordinary commercia belli.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,Rolla, Mo., December 3, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

GENERAL: My scout, Isaac S. Coe, left Linn Creek on the 3rd at noon. He met no secessionists until he got there, when he found a few armed men, and reports that the right wing of Price's army had crosed the Osage below Warsaw and Osceola-there are three practicable fords the place-and is contemplating an attack on our forces at and near Sedalia, with a view to destroy the principal railroad bridges. From another source I learn that part of McCulloch's army had already reached Cassville on its retreat.

P. J. OSTERHAUS,

Acting Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF WESTERN MISSOURI, Numbers 11. Syracuse, December 3, 1861.

In compliance with orders from the headquarters of the Department of the Missouri, the undersigned assumes command of all the forces between the Missouri and Osage Rivers.

* * * * *

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* To appear in Series II.

---------------

