HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, December 4, 1861.

Colonel L. F. ROSS,

Commanding U. S. Forces, Cape Girardeau, Mo.:

Your communication of yesterday* is received and the following instructions are given in reply:

You will require Colonel Murdoch to give over to the quartermaster all property taken by them from citizens of Missouri. Such as may be reclaimed by owners you will direct to be returned, unless taken from persons directly giving aid and comfort to the enemy.

When you know of depredations being committeed by armed bodies of rebels within reach of you, you can use your own discretion about the propriety of suppressing them. I know your views about allowing troops to interpret the confiscation laws; therefore no instructions are required on this point. One thing I will add: In cases of outrageous marauding I would fully justify shooting the perpetrators down if caught in the act - I mean our own men as well as the enemy. When you are satisfied that Thompson's men are coming in with honest intentions you may them, but in this matter I would advise great caution. As a rule it would be better to keep them entirely out of your camp or confine them as prisoners of war. A few examples of confinement would prevent others from coming in.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, December 4, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Saint Louis, Mo.:

I would respectfully report that the goods landed at Price's Landing on Monday last by steamer Perry were moved directly by team to Hickman, Ky., and New Madrid, Mo. I learned these facts too late to capture the goods and the teams used in their transportation. Eighty barrels of this freight were whisky; a character of commerce I would have no objection to being carried on with the South, but there is a possibility that some barrels marked whisky might contain something more objectionable. I would not be understood at saying that I would sanction the passage South of anything interdicted.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT JOSEPH, Mo., December 4, 1861.

MAJOR-GENERAL, COMMANDING THE DEPT. OF THE Mo.:

I start this afternoon with four field pieces, 475 cavalry, and 1,175 infantry. Colonel Morgan's regiment has left for Weston. Forces on road will be: Hannibal and Salt River Bridge, Twenty-sixth Illinois; Palmyra, Glover's cavalry, four companies; Macon City and Chariton Bridge, Foster's regiment; Grand River Bridge, Tindall's regiment; Saint Joseph and Cloth River Bridge, five companies of the Fifteenth and Sixteenth Illinois and 300 State Militia.

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

