
which is daily increasing in numbers and improving in organization and discipline. In a few weeks this force will be able not only to expel or punish all traitos and rebels, but also to strik the enemy in his stronghods.

XII. All communications relating to prisoners of war will be directed to the provost-marshal-general, to be him laid before the commanding general daily, at orderly hours.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 34. Saint Louis, December 4, 1861.

I. Brigadier General Thomas J. McKean is hereby assigned command of Jefferson City, Mo., and the troops in that vicinity. He will be under the general orders of Brigadier-General Pope, commanding the district, but will also report directly to these headquarters.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Halleck;

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SYRACUSE, December 5, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Heard from Warsaw by scouts day before yesterday. About 300 of them in the town, belonging to companies raised in the neighborhood. My cavalry pickets are out as far as Cole Camp, and visited beyond that place yesterday. Nothing but marauding squads, at from 5 to 40, this side of Warsaw. Will send five companies and two pieces of artillery at dayligth to-morrow. Have sent orders to Colonel Steele to send a regiment of cavalry and two pieces of artillery to feel enemy on Osceola road. There are no large bodies of the enemy north of Osage.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.

SYRACUSE, December 5, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK;

Colonel Steele telegraphs me that all this available cavalry has been sent north by your orders. All from here leave for Warsaw at daylight according to your dispatch. There are only four more companies, and they are at Tipton. Shall I send them? They are very inferior and unreliable. Judge Birch, just at Sedalia from Price's camp, will be here to-night. No considerable force north of Osage. I have had several reliable spies from Price's camp within a day or two. One left there day before yesterday. He reports Price 7 miles above Osceola with about 4,000 men. Parsons at Osceola with about 7,000. I think, from other information that their figures are too large. I do not suppose Price to have altogether more than 7,000 or 8,000.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.

