
ROLLA, Mo., December 5, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Two reliavle men arrived here to-night, one from Springfield and one from Granby Lead Mines, Newton County, Mo. Both report McCulloch at Pea Ridge, Benton County, Ark., building barracks, McBride, with 2,000 men, arrived at Springfield on Sunday morning from the north. All reports agree that all parts of the rebel army are in a deplorable state and large numbers going home and enlistments running out. Many of them who reside near here are coming to give themselves up.

G. M. DODGE,

Commanding Post.

SEDALIA, Mo., December 5, 1861.

General HALLECK;

I heard from part of the cavalry to-day. Nothing important. Judge Birch arrived from Price's camp this evening, and says he expects to see you to-morrow. Price is making desperate exertions to raise and start out a large army. Stage just in from Warrnsburg. Rebels are plundering the whole country in that direction. All the wagons and horses are taken. All the stage horses are taken. All the stage horses west of Warrensburg have been seized. General Pope ordered me to make a reconnaissance in force in direction of Osceola. It is not necessary, and I have no cavalry.

FREDD'S STEELE,

Colonel, Commanding.

SAIN LOUIS, Mo., December 6, 1861.

Major-General McCLELLAN,

Commanding U. S. Army:

The information respecting gunboats, will be telegraphed as soon as it can be obtained. One or more unarmed regiments can be detailed as crews, but not any armed can be spared from Missouri. You can form no conception of the condition of affairs here. The enemy is in possession of nearly one-half of the State, and majority of 60,000, or 80,000 of the inhabitants are secessionsts. Our army is utterly disorganized, clamourous for pay, but refusing to be regularly mustered in-in many places mutions and disbanding. I wil restore order and rout the enemy if you will give me time and assistancew. We are not prepared for any important expedition out of the State; it would imperil the safety of Missouri. Wait till are ready. The "One to Richmond" policy here will produce another Bull Run disaster. You may rely on this.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURIG,Saint Louis, December 6, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

General-in-Chief of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: General Prentiss is moving from Saint Joseph with all the available means he can collect in Northern Missouri against the

