
organized insurgents at Weston, Platte City, Liberty, and Richmond. I order to-day a regiment from this place to re-enforce him. I also send one to Jefferson City to replace the Home Guards, who refuse to be mustered out or in or to obey any ordes. They are reported as decidedly mutions and it may be necessary to forcibly disarm them. The garrison at Booneville is in a similar condition. A force was sent from Sedalia two days ago to Marshall, Waverly, and Arrow Rock, to disperse the rebels, and to destroy the stores and boats collected at those places. Result not yest known, Major Bowen, with 500 cavalry, is in pursuit of rebels, under Colonel Turner, south of Salem.

Scouting parties from Rolla and Sedalia represent Price as only 7 miles north of Osceola. Spies and others say his force is large than I had supposed. Our forces at Sedalia and Rolla are held in readiness to move, but their efficiency is greatly reduced by disorganization and sickness. Many have never regularly been mustered into service, and it is doubtful if they can be persuaded to com in. The camp measles are prevailing, and daily our sick list.

We have already done much to relieve the pressing wants of the troops, and now are engaged night and day in attemtping to organize them according to law and regulations. This, however, is a very difficult task, for want of returns and muster rolls. Many of them are illegally mustered, and refuse to be mustered over again for future or to cover past services. Some were merely sworn in without any muster rolls at all, and yet they have been paid and supplied as regular troops. The officers in many cases oppose being mustered, hoping in this way to avoid accountability for public property wasted and stolen and for offenses committed. Moreover, many of the organizations on paper are mere shams-companies and regiments not having half the numbers returned and paid for, the officers in such cases having appropriated to their own use the surplus clothing and provisions issued on these false returns. The most outrageous frauds are daily being developed, especially in the quartermaster's department. Many of the regimental quartermasters are unworthy of trust or confidence. It will take time, General, to ferret out these abuses and to properly organize and discipline our forces here, but I will do it if you will give me time and assistance. The material, so far as the men are concerned, is generally excelleny, but that of the officers very poor. It is impossible yet to form any correct idea of their numbers. In many cases no returns have been made and many of those sent in are entirely unreliable. There is probably not one-half the effective force shown on paper.

This, General, is no army, but rather a military rabble. A high oficer, who was at Washington at the time of the battle of Bull Run, says the army here is more disorganized than that of the Potomac after its defeat. Evert one appreciates the change which you have effected in that army in five months. I hope, with your assistance, to do the same here. You are aware that I am almost destitute of regular officers, and those of the volunteers are, with some exceptions, entirely ignorant of their duties. It is said, General, that you have nearly as many regular offices on your personal staff as I have in this whole department. I was very sorry to receive your orders to-day taking away four or five of the very few I now have. I will, however, do the best I can without them.

Your telegram of last indicates your intention to withdraw also a portion of the troops from Missouri. I assure you, General, this cannot be done with safety at present. Some weeks hence I hope to

