
crossed the Osage day before yesterday. The day Judge Birch left one division marched towards Warsaw and one towards Clinton. This he heard from both Union and rebels. There are 20,000 pounds of flour at Robinson's Mill, near Leesville, and considerable amounts at other mills in that section. A movement of troops from here to La Mine has been ordered. The surgeons object, on accoutn of small-pow at Syracuse.

FRED'K STEELE,

Colonel, Commanding.

ORDERS, OFFICE PRO. Marsh General, DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 2. Saint Louis, December 6, 1861.

Captain LEIGHTON, Provost-Marshal:

SIR: With a view of carrying out the orders of the commanding general in regard to quartering Union refuges upon persons who are disloyal to the Government, you will please take the necessary steps without delay to make out a list of such persons residing in the lines within your jurisdiction. I wish, first, to have made out a list which shall embrace that clas of persons who reside within the city, and who are, judging by their mode of living, in good circumstances.

This list you will please have completed, if practicable, by to-morrow afternoon, and annex to each name the place of residence and size of house, and also, if known to you, any unoccupied buildings belonging to such persons. The list of persons outside of the city it is desirable to have at the earliest practicable time. Let each list embrace two classes. In the first include those persons known to you to be disloyal. In the second those persons strongly suspected by you, briefly stating grounds of suspision.

Respectfully,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.

SYRACUSE, December 7, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

It is reported to me by a reliable scout that Price crossed the Osage yesterday morning with a large of his force, one division taking the road to Warsaw, the other moving in the direction of Clinton. News is not yet confirmed by other scouts. Cavalry force sent yesterday morning. I presume Price only intends to occupy counties north of Osage for subsistence, but it mya be necessary, within a few days, to move against him in force to defeat this purpose. Will write fully by mail, and telegraph if news is confirmed.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 7, 1861.

General JOHN POPE, Syracuse, Mo.:

Don't move the troops from Sedalia till the other forces are in position at La Mine.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

