
of artillery to re-enforce Freeman. If such proves to be the fact, I wish permission to re-enforce Bowen with one battery of artillery.

J. B. WYMAN,

Colonel adn Acting Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., December 9, 1861.

Colonel J. B. WYMAN, Rolla, Mo.:

You are authorized to re-enforce Major Bowen if you deem it advisable. Do not let him advance so far in pursuit as to be cut off by McBride. Look out for that.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SYRACUSE, December 9, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Detachment returned from Warsaw this morning. Drove in enemy's pickdets from points 10 miles this side. Found no forces in Warsaw, which confirms information that Steen is on north side of Osage.

Strong pickets of enemy from Bolivar to Osceola to cover his rear. Whole region south of Osage devastated by Price. It was understood by people at Warsaw and along the road that this detachment was our advance guard, moving on Springfield. The people understand that it is the determination of Price to force his way to the Missouri. Doutful. No news of importance from the front. I shall not move to Tipton until I hear from you.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.

SYRACUSE, Mo., December 9, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

The west bank of La Mine is very rough and rocky; most of good ground is on the east bank and all large timber. I have ordered 3,000 men to occupy the west bank below the intrenchments. I did propose to make the cantonment conform exactly to a military encampment, but for color line to follow the winding of the stream. There are easy fords and bridges for wagons across La Mine, so that communication will be easy. My objection to Syracuse is want of shelter. It is a small, dilapidated place, depending for water on cisterns; no running water within several miles. Tipton is 12 miles from La Mine, a large town, and plenty of water.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.

PILOT KNOB, Mo., December 9, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

My scouts from the southwest report no rebel troops nearer than Howell County, where McBridge's division is said to be moving northeas ward. Secessionists of Shannon County report McCulloch at Poca-

27 R R-VOL VIII

