
hontas. Deserters from Thompson's army report that the Confederate Government is buildling a new fort at New Madrid, having 500 negroes at work on it.

W. P. CARLIN,

Thirty-eight Illinois Volunteers.

SYRACUSE, Mo., December 9, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Magoffin, son, and son-in-law captured by our patrols. Father and son will lay down their arms and take the oath if permitted. I have many others of Price's men in same condition. What shall I do with them?

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.

SEDALIA, Mo., December 9, 1861.

General HALLECK:

Rumor says the cavalry are returning with a large captured train, but nothing definite from them or the spies. In case of disaster I should certainly have heard. They had a long march. I did not expect them back before to-morrow. General Pope has cavalry, and could send out a force with the same facility that I could if i had It. It will endeavor to send another spy. Colonel Magoffin is not a prisoner.

FRED'K STEELE,

Colonel, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 21. Saint Louis, Mo., December 9, 1861.

I. The following letter, having been brought to the notice of the major-general commanding this department, is published for the information all concerned, viz:

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, October 25, 1861.

SIR: Information having been received that bodies of troops are being formed in and about Saint Louis, Mo., Which, under the name of Home Guards, Reserve Corps, and other appelations, are being mustered into the service of the United States for duty only in limited localities or upon certain contigencies, you are hereby cautioned that such organizations are entirely without authority, and that no payments made to them will be sanctioned by the Government.

I am, sire, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

To the PAYMASTERS-GENERAL, Washington, D. C.

Officers appointed from these headquarters to muster troops are authorized to muster or remuster into the service of the United States all such bodies of troops for three years or during the war, unless sooner discharged, as directed by the act of Congress on the subject, provided their plan of organization conforms to the orders of the War Department, including in the muster or remuster so made the period during which the bodies of troops above referred to have been in actual service.

II. All persons commissioned by Major-General Fremont, and dis-

