
dismount and fight on foot something might be done. At any rate we were willing and ready to make the trial. After a few moments I received an order to take position half a mile on our right, for the purpose of intercepting the retreat of the enemy. We did so, and remained there until the surrender, which soon followed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

COPLEY AMORY,

Second Lieutenant, Fourth Cav., Commanding Squadron Fourth U. S. Cav.

Colonel J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.

No. 4. Letter from Colonel Fred. Steele, Eighth Iowa Infantry.

SEDALLA, January 2, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith copy of a report addressed to your headquarters by Lieutenant Amory.* The original report I forwarded through General Pope's headquarters. I have no doubt but that this is a correct report of the affair. Lieutenant Amory thinks that justice was not done him in General Pope's report. Lieutenant Amory's account is corroborated by Dr. Brodie and Lieutenant Gordon. If the matter were investigated I think it would be found that there are other inaccuracies in the official report of the expedition and affair near Milford.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Colonel Eighth Iowa Infantry, commanding at Sedalia.

DECEMBER 18, 1861.-Scout from Rolla towards Houston, Mo.

Report of Major General Henry W. Halleck, U. S. Army.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., December 20, 1861.

Captain Wood's scouting party has returned to Rolla. I pursued the enemy south of Houston; killed 1 captain and brought in 1 major prisoner of war. About 100 of Price's men were captured and released on parol, not being able to bring them in.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN.

DECEMBER 23, 1861.-Expedition to Lexington, Mo.

Report of Major General Henry W. Halleck, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS, Saint Louis, Mo., December 24, 1861.

General Pope's cavalry, sent to Lexington, has captured 2 captains and 1 lieutenant and 4 men, with horses, &amp;c. They destroyed the

---------------

*See No. 3.

---------------

