
SAINT LOUIS, Mo., Decembe 10, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE, Commanding, &amp;c., Syracuse, Mo.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of the report and accompaying maps of Lieutenant Colonel J. B. McPherso. * I approve the recommenations there made with respect to the encamping and hutting of the troops at La Mine. You will seek to carry out these views, with such modifications as circumstances may require. As stated in my previous instructions, it may or may not be found necessary to place your troops in winter quarters there, but the encampment should be formed in part with reference to that idea, while at the same time the army should be held ready to move at a moments' warning. Your troops, supplies, and means of transportation should be arranged as if you might at any time break up your encampment to march against the enemy or as if the enemy might at any moment attack you. Your attention is particularly called to this matter, for commanders of corps d'armee and divisions are properly and will be held accountable that their commands are in fighting and marching order when in the vicinity of an enemy.

As already directed, the force left at Syracuse and Tipton need only be sufficient to guard those points from a surprise of detached bodies of the enemy sent to destroy the road. Sedalia will be considered as an advance post of the main encampment. If the troops shold remain at La Mine it will probably be well to reduce its garrison to about two regiments, but at present it will not be well to withdraw many of the forces now there. I wish the cavalry to be held in hand for scouting purpose and for expeditions which will probably soon be ordered if the main force should not be moved. No considerable expense must be incurred in the encampment at La MIne. The work must be all done by the command. Each squad should be required to provide for its own comfort in a hut or tent. With proper attention on the part of the officers this can be readily accomplished. A few nails and tools and a little lumber are the only things required. Very little lumber, however, should be used, for in case the troops move the encampment must be abandoned. They, however, should be given to understand that they are to make themselves as comfortable as possible for the winter.

I hear nothing of the expedition sent north by Colonel Steen before you took command. I am very much dissatisfied with this apparent neglect to ascertain its result of to re-eforce the party if necessary. My telegrams are answered as if it was of little consequnce whether the matter was properly attended to or not.

I think your headquarters should be at La Mine or Ottervile, near the main body of your army, where you can attend to their discipline and preparation for the field.

Do not telegraph me upon unimportant matters or business of no pressing importance. This is contrary to positive orders from Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT CENTRAL MISSOURI,Syracuse, December 10, 1861.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Since my dispatch of this date to the general command-

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

