
ing a trusty man, sent some ten days ago into the counties of Henry and Cass, came in direct from Price's camp, which he left yesterday

morning. He is a resident of this neighborhood, trusty, and well acquainted with many of the men in Price's force, who were enlisted in this neighborhood. He gives a full account of the condition of things in the counties of Henry and Cass and in Price's army, corroborating what I have gotten from other sources.

Price's forces are greatly in need of clothing and are suffering very much. In a speech he made them on Sunday Price stated to them that Missouri had been annexed to the Southern Confederacy; that his army would be reorganized and incorporated with the Southern Army, and that money and clothing would be immmediately furnished to all who remained in service. Price was daily expecting his commission as major-general from Richmond, though it was already whispered in camp that Jackson had succeeded in having him superseded. The greatest dissatisfaction prevailed in the army in consequence of this report, one-half of the men declaring openly that they would serve under no one else; that they were fighting for Missouri, and not for the Southern Confederacy.

It is very sure that no graver mistake could possibly be made in Richmond than to displace Price from the command of this Missouri army. He is greatly beloved by his whole force, and it is his popularity and his influence which keep so large a body of men in arms in this State without pay, without clothing, and with very

scanty rations. Many of Price's men, even as it is, are very anxious to return home, and will take almost any oath if they can thus be exempted from arrest. Those whose time has expired are also afraid to return home lest they be arrested and taken to Saint Louis. If there were any method of holding such men to their engagements I have little doubt that an assurence of exemption from arrest on taking the proper oath would bring many hundreds to their homes.

Price is not recruiting nearly so fast as he is losing men. My scout estimates his whole force at 12,000 or 13,000, which I am sure is too large an allowance. They have, for the present, plenty of corn meal, flour, and beef, but the region in which they are encamped will soon be exhausted. They have almost destroyed the county in their rear. Price notified them in the speech to which I refer they must try and get shoes and clothing from their homes as soon as possible, as he did not mean to remain in winter quarters, but intended to be constantly on the move. The belief in the camp was that as soon as he got all the men he could hope for he would make a dash into Kansas. He does not believe that there are 7,000 or 8,000 Federal troops west of Jefferson City. I will send you a paper published in his camp. His advanced pickets are near Calhoun, as are ours, though they have not yet met.

I propose, as soon as I can assemble cavalry sufficient at Sedalia, to advance upon Calhoun and to points this side of Clinton, and destroy several mills which have been used for a few days by the repels. One is a large steam mill, 4 miles south of Calhoun.

I have not yet heard of the expedition sent north in any official manner, though I have occasionally heard of it from citizens, who themselves heard from other people what they told me. I have telegraphed and written Colonel Steele on the subject.

I keep the cavalry fully occupied, and could employ a much larger force of it very advantageously. Already I am making the Missouri and Osage too hot for security for Price. Companies of cavalry are moving about every night through the country, and have already ar-

