
rested a large number of returning soldiers and recruiting parties. I trust the general commanding will send up the four companies of the First Iowa Colonel now at Benton Barracks. The eight companies of that regiment are now with this command, though the colonel, lieutenant-colonel, and one major remain in Saint Louis with the other four companies.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SYRACUSE, Mo., December 10, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Have you received Colonel Steele's dispatch of this date? He telegraphs that he has sent it. All my cavalry is out through the country, breaking up small camps of rebels. Can send full regiment of infantry and four pieces of artillery to re-enforce the cavalry near Lexington if you think it advisable.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENTS OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., December 10, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE, Syracuse:

The troops at Sedalia are all subject to your orders, but I wish no retrograde movement to La Mine at present. Why is it that I can get no information from Colonel Steele about the expedition sent to Marshall, &amp;c.? It is results from neglect, it should be investigated. Full instructions will be sent you in writing.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI MILITIA,Saint Louis, Mo., December 10, 1861.

Brigadier General BEN. LOAN,

Saint Joseph, Mo.:

I inclose herewith an order assigning you to the command of all the State troops in your vicinity.* You cannot legally be placed in command of United States troops until your brigade is mustered into service for the war, according to the agreement between the Governor and President; nor can any United States officer assume command of the State troops, unless they are expressly assigned to his command by competent authority.

I desire that you may have a perfect understanding with the officer commanding the United States troops in your district. You will co-operate with him as far as possible in carrying out such instructions as he may receive from time to time from the general commanding this department or other competent authority, and furnish him with detachment from the command for active operations, upon his request, whenever in your judgment it is practicable. You will superinted

---------------

* Inclosure omitted. It assigns Brigadier-General Loan to command in the counties of Buchanan, Andrew, Atchison, and Holt.

---------------

