
the organization of the militia for service for the war, uniting companies into battalions and regiments as rapidly as they may be formed and mustered into service. Until field officers are appointed by the Governor the command of a battalion or regiment will devolve upon the senior captain.

The selection of competent field officers is a matter whose importance you will readily appreciate, and your recommendations will doubtless have much weight His Excelleny. I prefer to have such appointments postponed in general until the candidates have exhibited their qualities as company officers. Aspirants for field commissions should raise companies, and show by their efficiency in drill and discipline their fitness for higher command.

You are authorized to furnish subsistence at the expense of the State to companies not fully organized in the same manner as to the six-months' militia. This must be done with the strictest economy possible. Recruits must be united into companies and mustered into service as quickly as possible, so as to place them in condition to draw their subsistence from the United States. A small supply of clothing will be sent you soon for issue to men mustered into service for the war.

Send me a return of the entire force under your command as soon as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TROOPS IN KANSAS, Numbers 8. Leavenworth City, December 10, 1861.

I. Colonel Montgomery, Third Kansas, will concentrate the troops now in his command at or in the vicinity of Fort Scott, Kans., which post he will, if possible, defend; retreating in case of necessity to West Point, Mo., or in that direction. Colonel Montgomery will be guided in his movements as his judgment will dictate as being the most conducive to the public interest.

II. Colonel Jennison, First Kansas Cavalry, will, with the troops now under his command, proceed immediately to West Point, Mo., and, if possible, protect the frontier of Kansas from incursions of the rebel bands now in that neighborhood.

III. Colonel Wessells, Eighth Kansas Volunteers, will immediately proceed with such troops, as he may have in his command ready for service to West Point, Mo., and report to Colonel Jennison, First Kansas Cavalry, for duty in that vicinity.

By command of Brigadier-General Denver:

C. FRANCIS CLARKE,Captain, Sixth Kansas, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SYRACUSE, MO., December 11, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Colonel Steele telegraphs:

Enemy's scouts within 10 miles of Osceola road. Large cavalry force, estimated at 400, at Cole Camp last night. The infantry battalion, 1,500, arrived at Warsaw yesterday. Refugeses flocking in say Price is advancing in force. Do not believe it. A man just in from Price's camp says's Rains' division will be at Warsaw to-night.

FRED'K STEELE,

Colonel, Commanding.

