
I think, from other sources of information, that Price is moving; whether in this direction is doubtful. News of his being suspended in command may have occasioned his advance. Will keep you advised.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.

SYRACUSE, Mo., December 11, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Intelligent men just from Price's camp. His army occupies same position, viz: one division north side of Osage; the other south.

Price's headquarters 7 miles west of Osceola. Price states that, Missouri being admitted into the Southern Confederacy, policy and operations of his army dictated from Richmond. I have just returned from La Mine. Troops in position and at work getting out timber.

Will write fully by mail.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.

SEDALIA, December 11, 1861.

General HALLECK:

Spy just in. Been captured twice. Cavalry at Grand Pass. Have been within 3 1\2 miles of Waverly. Joe Shelby fired two cannon shots into their camp last night; did no harm. Men going to Waverly to-day in pursuit of Shelby; will return to Marshall. The major commanding says 800 rebels at Lexington. Wishes re-enforcements to go there. He surrounded a rebel camp; took 2 captains-one Sweney- 3 lieutenants, 40 men, and several Government wagons. His pickets had been fired into several times.

FRED'K STEELE,

Colonel, Commanding.

SEDALIA, Mo., December 11, 1861.

General HALLECK:

A union man from a few miles this side of Waverly reports that Joe Shelby sent to Lexington for re-enforcements; that he can raise 2,000 or 3,000 men in twenty-four hours; that our troops had a fight with him yesterday, and that they were fighting this morning when he left.

The 800 that left Lexington yesterday probably went to Shelby's assistance. I withold my scouts for your answer.

FRED'K STEELE,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENTS OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 11, 1861.

Colonel FRED'K STEELE, Sedalia, Mo.:

Send re-enforcements, say 1,000 men, or more if you deem necessary,

in direction of Marshall and Waverty, and inform General Pope.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

