
to this subject, and to ask you to indicate the necessary force and means for the undertaking.

I would againg call your attention to this very important subject, stating the necessary force shall be placed at your disposal. Three regiments of Wisconsin infantry have been ordered to report to you; also a battery and two companies of cavalry from Minnesota. This is intended only as a commencement, and will be followed up by other troops as rapidly as your wants are known and circumstances will permit.

Requesting your early attention to this subject, I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Army.

SYRACUSE, December 12, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

The expedition from Waverly will be at Sedalia at 4 o'clock to-day. They have 4 captains, 2 assistant adjutant-generals, 1 lieutenant, and 40 men, with all their arms; also Shelby's mortar. His cannon burst. Sixty horses, seven wagons. Some of the wagons taken off the Sunshine destroyed. He lost 1 corporal.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SYRACUSE, December 12, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

I omitted to state last night that force sent towards Lexinton consists of 1,600 infantry and four pieces, sent in empty wagons for speed. Yesterday Captain Cunningham's full brass band of rebels captured. Have several hundred prisoners above I will dispose of according to your order. Sent you captured mail from enemy's camp. Givers full account of their condition. Their number said to be 8,000, and decreasing. Great gloom and apprehension in their camp. McCulloch in Arkansas, and much abused. Rapid advance on Price will destroy his army in a few days. Have written by mail.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 12, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE,

Commandind at Syracuse, Mo.:

One and a half regiments have been sent to Jefferson City. They will move to Columbia and Fayette, and possibly Glasgow, under instructions sent to General McKean. Have all disposable forces at Booneville ready on arrival of steamer to cross if necessary, and move on Fayette or ascend the river to Glasgow. In the mean time scour the country between Tipton and Booneville. I wish no considerable movement made towards Lexington till General Prentiss's forces are in

