
foundery and ferry-boats at that place. Colonel Bishop's detachment overtook a party of brigade-burners yesterday, killed 10, took 17 prisoners, and 30 horses. All damage on railroad will be repaired in three days.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

Major-General McCLELLAN.

DECEMBER 25, 1861.- Expedition to Danville, Mo.

Report of Colonel George R. Todd, Tenth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. TENTH REGIMENT MISSOURI VOLS., U. S. A., In the Field, Danville, Mo., December 25, 1861.

SIR: In obedience to your order I crossed the river, having with me a part of the Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers, under Colonel Morton, and a part of my own regiment, leaving the balance of each under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hundhausen, at Herman. The only practicable route for us was to High Hill, 10 miles east of this place. On arriving there we found that all the secessionists under arms had passed westward and were occupying this point. To-day at noon our pickets drove in those of the enemy and we immediately followed, and the enemy having abandoned the place we took possession without fighting. We have captured several of their men and a number of horses, but as yet cannot report definitely.

On the 23rd instant I telegraphed from Herman to General McKean, at Jefferson City, that there was a force of 200 to 500 secessionists passing through this point westward. He answered that he would send over a force to intercept their passage westward. If he has done so, and their passage northward is cut off, I think about 1,000 of them can be taken, which will include all the Warrenton bridge-burners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,GEO. R. TODD,

Colonel, Commanding.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri.

DECEMBER 27-28, 1861.- Skirmish near Hallsville, Mo., and action at Mount Zion Church, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Benjamin M. Prentiss, U. S. Army.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN MISSOURI, Palmyra, Mo., January 4, 1862.

In pursuance of general orders, received on the evening ofthe 23rd day of December, 1861, I proceeded from Palmyra for Sturgeon,on the morning of the 24th day of December, with five troops of Third Missouri Cavalry, Colonel Jon M. Glover commanding. I arrived at Sturgeon on the evening of the 26th. During the following day, having learned that there was a concentration of rebels near the village of Hallsville, in Boone County, I sent forward one troop of cavalry, commanded by

