
to-morrow. I have given instructions to the commanding officers at these two points. Have given directions also to have all the transports fully ready, in case a move on the water should be necessary. I would respectfully ask your co-operation with the gunboats.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 24. Saint Louis, December 12, 1861.

I. The suffering families driven by rebels from Southwestern Missouri which have already arrived here have been supplies by voluntary contributions made by Union men. Others are on the way, to arrive in a few days. These must be supplied by the charity of men known to be hostile to the Union. A list will be prepared of the name of all persons of this class who do not voluntarily furnish their quota, and a contribution will be levied on them of $10,000, in clothing, provisions, and quarters, or money in lieu thereof. This levy will be made upon the following classes of persons, in proportion to the guilt and property of each individual: 1st Those in arms with the enemy who have property in this city; 2nd, Those who have furnished pecuniary or other aid to the enemy or to persons in the enemy's service; 3rd, Those who have verbally, in writing, or by publication given encouragement to insurgents and rebels.

II. Brigadier General S. R. Curtis, U. S. Volunteers; Lieutenant Colonel B. G. Farrar, provost-marshal-general, and Charles Borg, esq., assesor of the county of Saint Louis, will constitue a board of assessors for levying the aforementioned contribution. In determining the amount of property of the individuals assessed the board will take into consideration the official assessment lists for municipal taxes.

III. As soon as any part of this contribution has been assessed by the board the provost-marshal-general will notify the parties assessed, their agents or representatives, stating the amount of provisions, clothing, or quarters, and the money value thereof required of each; and if not furnished within the time specified in such notice he will issue an execution, and sufficient property will be taken and sold at public auction to satisfy the assessment, with costs, and a penalty of 25 per cent. in addition. Where buildings or parts of buildings are to be used, and where any of the sufferers are to be quartered on families, care should be taken to produce as little inconvenience to the owners or families as possible, this not being considered a military contribution levied upon the enemy, but merely a collection to be made from friends of the enemy for charitable purposes.

IV. If any person upon whom such assessment shall be made shall file with the provost-marshal-general an affidavit that he is a loyal citizen and has been true to his allegiance to the United States, he will be allowed one week to furnish evidence to the board to vindicate his character; and if at the end of that time he shall not be abel to satisfy the road of his loyalty, the assessment shall be increased 10 per cent., and the levy immediately made.

V. The supplies so collected will be expended for the object designated, under the direction of the provost-marshal-general, with the advice of the State Sanitary Commission. Where moneys are received in lieu of supplies, it will be expended for them, as they many be required

