
Any money not so expended will be turned over to the Sanitary Commission for the benefit sick soldiers. A strict and accurate account of these receipts and expenditures will be kept and returned to these headquarters.

VI. Any one who shall resist or attempt to resist the execution of these orders will be immediately arrested and imprisoned, and will be tried by a military commission.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, December 13, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: From information received this afternoon from Columbus some movements is taking place from that point. I am inclined to believe that it will be made on Bird's Point-possibly at an early hour in the morning. I am fully prepared for the best defense our means will allow, let it occur where it may. Every possible disposition has been made to detect the intention of the enemy. All the troops at Bird's Point, Fort Holt, and Cairo are sleeping upon their arms, with catridge-boxes filled. Steamers are in readiness to move the Cairo troops to any point at the shortest notice.

I inclose herewith a report from Colonel Ross, commanding at Cape Girardeau, which may contain some iformation of interest to the department.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS CAPE GIRARDEAU,December 12, 1861.

General U. S. GRANT:

DEAR SIR: I have just received information from New Madrid from a reliable source. My informant arrived there on Monday last. Governor Jackson was addressing the troops there on his arrival. A colonel from Tennessee and M. Jeff. Thompson followed, all urging those whose term of enlistment had about expired to re-enlist, stating that they had money to pay off all the troops.

My inormat further states that there were two regiments there from below and ten more expected; that all were well fed and clothed; that there are eight 32-pounders mounted within the fortifications; the speakers stating to the soldiers there that Missouri, having been recently received into the Southern Confederacy, would be assisted by the "united South" in her efforts to "free herself."

Richard Watkins, one of the sons of the general, has come in and taken the oath of allegiance. I rather think the general will be in soon. From two to five of Thompson's daily are coming in and renewing their allegiance and going to their homes.

In haste, yours, truly,

L. F. ROSS,

Colonel Seventeenth Illinois Volunteers, Commanding.

