
cleaned out; also Platte, Clay, and Ray counties. We have taken in the last few days 300 prisoners, artillery, arms, and wagons. General Prentiss was opposite Lexington last night. A force ordered this morning from Sedalia to co-operate on the south side of the river. Fifteen hundred men have been into Boone and Howard Counties. Salem, south of Rolla, threatened by a large force. It has been re-enforced. Returns as far as received will be immediately forwarded.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, RAY COUNTY, MO., December 14,

(Via Saint Joseph, Mo., December 16, 1861.)

Major-General HALLECK:

I shall not leave here until to-nihgt. Find in this country several Government horses taken at Lexington. Many rebels willing to return home from Price's army. Some are candind; others not. Will be in Carollton Monday. Our trip is doing good. Union men feel more confident. State troops will be able to keep peace in North Missouri after ten days is my opinion.

B. M. PRENTISS.

SEDALIA, December 15, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Troops from this place on road (4,000) replaced by troops La Mine. Shall take command in person of the column on Warrensburg. Several respectable men just in from Lexington. Secessionists certainly left Lexington yesterday. Immense train of supplies, rope, &amp;c. About 4,000 men, only one-half armed. All concur that it is too late to intercept them at Warrensburg, but possible to do so at points half way between Warrensburg and Clinton. Only two ways of getting to Osceola (by Clinto and by Rose Hill). Have sent to burn bridges at Rose Hill. Enemy will be forced to Clinton or to move west towards Kansas. Jennison, with considerable force, at West Point. Have pushed cavalry reconnaissance toward Clinton to cover flank by keeping south of Warrensburg. Certain at least to capture train. Can guard against any movements of Price on flank. Will wait myself one-half hour for answer.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 16, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

General-in-Chief of the Army, Washingto City:

GENERAL: Your letters of the 10th instant is received and I am much gratified with its contents. I was satisfied that the orders which I had previously received had been issued without your knowledge or upon a misconception of the condition of the troops in this department. I think I have plenty of men for the service here, but we are terribly deficient in organization, discipline, and arms. I hope to remove the former deficiencies as soon as possible, and when the 11,000 arms sent by you are received I shall feel that the latter is partially supplied. Your telegram

