
mander. The boats were not in as good order as I should have wished. Some men left in the hospital by the Eleventh Iowa are takne with small-pox.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, December 17, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Saint Louis, Mo.:

On the strength of a telegraphic dispatch received from Saint Louis that the prisoners arriving here yesterday were imposters, I have ordered them back to Saint Louis. Eight of these prisoners did not claim to have been taken at Camp Jackson, and had with them regular certificates of exchange. As I am anxious to make as few shipments of these men as possible, and as there was nothing in my telegraphic instructions to prevent it, I returned these also.

I would report that I received a dispatch a few days ago that quinine was being shipped from Saint Louis via the Ohio and Mississippi and the Illinois Central Railroad to Duquoin, where it was received by special agents and transported across land to the Mississippi River, thence through Missouri south. I sent up a detective, who captured 100 ounces, together with evidence that it was destined for Memphis, and that the agent was to receive $500 for his trouble if he succeeded in getting it throught. Shall I turn this over to the marshal of the district, with the evidence?

I have heretofore reported the fact that the quartermaster's department has been carried on at this place almost without funds from the earlies assembling of troops. There is therefore necessarily a large indebtedness accrued against the Government. The vouchers issued in payment of these claims are constantly coming before me for approval (the quartermaster declining to settle anything without), and necessarily occupy much of my time. As many of these accounts should not be allowed and others should be reduced, I would respectfully urge the necessity of sending here an experienced agent of the department. A side from the necessity of an experienced agent to settle the old claims I think the good of the service would be subserved by having an old officer of the Quartermaster's Department here.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 17, 1861.

Brigadier General B. M. PRENTISS,

Carrolton, via Chillicothe:

You will continue your march east to Brunswick and Glasgow till you meet the force sent out from Jefferson City. Having cleared out the rebels from the counties north of the river, you will report to these headquarters for further orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

