
SAINT LOUIS, December 17, 1861.

Brigadier-General CURTIS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: You will immediatey detail 1,100 or 1,200 unarmed men from Benton Barracks to hold themselves in readiness for service down the river on the gunboats.

By order of General McClellan:

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, December 17, 1861.

Flag-Officer FOOTE, Cairo, Ill.:

SIR: I have ready in this city some 1,100 or 1,200 unarmed men to be sent to man your gunboats, if you wish them. They are volunteers. You will please inform me if you want them; and, if, so, when and where?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CARROLTON, December 17, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

I leave here to-day for Utica, having accomplished object of trip. Some 500 have crossed from this county to join Price. They have gone without outfit, and have destroyed all ferries that I could find. The counties through which we have passed have furnished large quantities of clothing for Price, most of which crosses at Lexington, which place, in my opinion, should be held by our troops.

B. M. PRENTISS.

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., December 17, 1861.

P. B. EWING, Esq., Cincinnati, Ohio:

DEAR SIR: Your note of the 13th, with inclosure, is received. I am not surprised that General Sherman should be abused by the newspapers, for it seems to have become the fashion all over the United States for editors and scribblers to criticise, abuse, and even blackguard any officer who devotes his time and health and life to the service of his country. I have had a pretty good share of it myself within the last few weeks, but I have not and shall not notice anything they say of me. I hope General Sherman will not let these squibs trouble him in the least. They can do him no serious injury. When General Sherman came here his health was much broken by long and severe labor and his nervous system somewhat shaken by continuous excitement and responsibility. Those who saw him here may have drawn wrong inferences from his broken-down appearance and rather imprudent remarks; but no one who was personally acquainted with him thought that anything was the matter with him except a want of rest. I have no doubt that the quiet of home will enable him in a short time to re-

