
sume his duties and silence all these scandalous and slanderous newspaper attacks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Rolla, Mo., December 18, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: Franklin Asbell arrived here to-day and makes the following statement, viz: Price was ont the Osage River, at the mouth of Sac, on Saturday, at 1 o'clock. His whole force would not exceed 8,000. He intended to stop where he has until he could get re-enforcements from the South and Lexington, and then go to Kansas. McBridge was in Springfield; most of his men had gone home. Robbing and thieving companies are organized in all the counties, which are taking and destroying everything wherever they go. One hundred and fifty rebels attacked Mr. Asbewll 23 miles this side of Lebanon and took his horse and everything else that he had.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. M. DODGE,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

CAMP THREE MILES WEST OF WARRENSBURG,

December 8, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

By forced march interposed between enemy and Clinton intersection road from Warrensburg to Clinto, Near Shawnee Mound. Enemy immediately broke up his camp, 6 miles northwest of Chilhowee, and beat hasty retreat towards Rose Hill. Threw forward ten companies cavalry and secton of artillery and pursued with whole force. Folowed hism as far as Johnstown, when his force scattered towards Butler and Papinsville. Party sent out to burn bridge at Rose Hill utterly failed to get through. To cover pursuit, forced strong cavalry reconnaissance through Clinton, within 15 miles of Osceola. One hundred and fifty prisoners, 7 wagons, tents, baggage, horses, &amp;c., fell into our hands. Enemy's force about 2,200 -1,200 of them recruits. Only 70 country wagons altogether. Whole country clear as far west as Rose Hill and as far south as Grand River. Return with main body to-day to Sedalia, sending cavalry force to Lexington to destroy ferry-boats. Be in Sedalia day after to-morrow. Price not 8,000 men; more leaving than going.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAMP SOUTHWEST OF WARRENSBURG,

December 18, 1861.

GENERAL: In addition to the dispatch of this date sent to you I have the honor to submit the Following remarks:

The whole account of the enemy being in such force at Lexington and having passed west in large bodies from the Osage is a most gross

