
ville or some other convenient point, and proceed to General Pope's camp near Otterville.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.,

December 19, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

The expedition has returned from Glasgow with about two tons of powder and a few prisoners, having ascertained that Brunswick was occupied by United States troops and navigation difficult. Shall the same troops go to Otterville?

THOS. M. McKEAN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., December 19, 1861.

Brigadier General B. M. PRENTISS, Chillicothe, Mo.:

Movement on Brunswick, &amp;c., countemanded. McKeans' forces have occupied Glasgow, capturing two tons of powder. Randolph, Howard, and Boone well cleaned out. General Pope intercepted the Lexington forces south of Warrensburg, capturing tents, baggage, &c., and a large number of prisoners. Re-eforcements for Price's army either taken prisoners or scattered.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-Generl.

CHILLICOTHE, Mo., December 19, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

I shall send the forces with me to their rendezvous (Saint Joseph),

with exception of our companies, which will go with me to Palmyra, if it meets your approval. Answer.

B. M. PRENTISS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT CENTRAL MISSOURI,Camp Three Miles West of Knobnoster, Mo., December 19, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

My spies having informed me early this morning of the march of a strongly body of the enemey from Arrow Rock and Waverly, and that they would camp near Milford, at amount of Clear Creek, I posted my main body between Warrensburg and Knobnoster, and directed Major Marshall to march on same point from Warrensburg with Merril's regiment of horse. Colonel Davis came upon the enemy near Milford late this afternoon, and, having driven in his pickets, assaulted him in force. A brisk skirmish ensued, when the enemy, finding himself surrounded and cut off, surrendered at discretion. One thousand three hundred prisoners, including 3 colonels and 17 captains; 1,000 stand of arms, 1,000 horses, 65 wagons, tents, baggage, and supplies have fallen into our hands. Our loss is 2 killed and 8 wounded. Enemy's loss not yet known. Will be in Sedalia to-morrow.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.

