
severe punishments for marauding and pillaging I hope to put an end to these depredations. The conduct of the forces under Lane and Jennison has done more for the enemy in this State than could have been accomplished by 20,000 of his own army. I receive almost daily complaints of outrages committed by these men in the name of the United States, and the evidence is so conclusive as to leave no doubt of their correctness. It is rumored that Lane has been made a brigadier-general. I cannot conceive of a more injudicious appointment. It will take 20,000 men to countract its effect in this State, and, moreover, is offering a premium for rascality and robbing generally.

I am progressily slowly with the reorganization of the forces here. It is a most difficult task, increased by the injudicious orders of the War Department and the jealousies of the Governors of States. The administration and machinery for the supply of the army is rapidly getting into working order. This was a matter of the greates necessity, and consequently has absorbed most of my attention. An army is soon disorganized unless properly supplied and its wants provided for. I am discharging most of the steamers formerly in the Government employment, and mustering out of service what is called "Marine Corps," which are nothing more than hired men on these boats. This will be a great saving of expense. The Home Guards are also being disbanded as rapidly as I can supply their places. The U. S. Reserve Corps, as they are called, are generally regularly-organized Missouri Volunteers, mustered in for three years or the war, without limitation as to place of service. The Pay Department has objected to pay these troops, on the ground that there was some outside verbal or tacit undersanding that they would not be ordered out of State. I cannot recognize any such unrecorded verbal understanding, and must be guided alone by the muster rolls, which are perfectly regular. Moreover General Curtis informs me that he refused to permit them to be mustered in with any reservation whatever. I have therefore ordered them, or rather all of them in actual service, to be paid on their mustter rolls. They are not generally very efficient troops, and I purpose to disband a part of them as soon as I can do so with safety. I shall also disband most of the fragmentary and irregular organizations. This I could not do all at once. The condition of the country and the state of public feeling here, resulting from General Fremont's removal, excited by designing party politicins, rendered it prudent to move in this matter slowly and cautiosly. The task imposed on me here in this chaos of incendiary elements is not an easy one, and those at a distance, who cannot understand the real condition of affairs, should not be hasty in judging of my conduct, and, above all, they should not embarrass me by unnecessary interference. This I know very well you will not do, for you will readily appreciate the difficulties of my position. I shal obey all orders sent to me, but I hope the War Department will allow me a hearing before it acts on mere ex-parte statements. My efforts to introduce a system of order and economy and to ferret out frauds will very naturally create opposition, and I shall not be surprised to find myself an object of very bitter abuse in the newspapers and on the floor of Congress. This, however, will not trouble me much, so long as I am sustained by my superiors and feel that I am pursuing the right course of conduct.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

29 R R-VOL VIII

