
Third Missouri Cavalry; Colonel Birge, Captain Boyd,and Adjutant Temple, of Birge's Sharpshooters; and Lieutenant Edwin Moore, my aide. I also assure you that the men behaved with coolness and daring during the engagement.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of the Missouri.

DECEMBER 29, 1861.- Descent upon Commerce, Mo., and attack on steamer City of Alton.

Report of Brigadier General M. Jeff. Thompson, C. S. Army.
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., MISSOURI STATE GUARD, New Madrid, Mo., December 30, 1861.

DEAR GENERAL: I left here on Saturday evening at 9 o'clock, with 40 men, one 6-pounder,and one of my little rifled cannon. I proceeded up the road through Sikeston, but before reaching Huner's the little cannon was by accident rendered unfit for service, and the team attached to the 6-pounder gave out. I sent the little gun back to this place, and planted the 6-pounder to command Jones' Ford. I then, with 27 men (I making 28), proceeded, by the Hunter's Ford and Sandy Ridge road, to Commerce, which place we dashed into about 10 p.m. The town was completely surprised, and I soon had all the male inhabitants assembled and guarded. I then had the stores of two Federals opened, and allowed my men to select such wearing apparel as they were in need of. About 2.30 o'clock the steamer City of Alton came in sight. I made arrangements to surprise her, not having cannon, but was defeated in my plan by the women of Commerce, whom I could not prevent from giving the alarm. She approached the shore, however, near enough to get a good peppering, and she backed down the river several miles, and had not attempted to pass up when I left, which was nearly sundown. I got muskets, 2 rifles, 6 horses, 15 or 20 suits of clothes, and returned (after stampeding the Union men of Scott County) safely to this post, having marched 106 miles in forty hours.

Yours, respectfully,M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major General LEONIDANS POLK, C. S. A., Columbus, Ky.

JANUARY 1-3, 1862.-Expedition from Morristown to Dayton and Rose Hill, Mo., skirmish en route, and destruction of Dayton.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel D. R. Anthony, First Kansas Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS FIRST KANSAS CAVALRY, Camp Johnson, Morristown, Mo., January 4, 1862.

SIR: Information having been received by me on the evening of the 31st ultimo that Captains Fulkerson, Scott, and Brity, with from 150

