
before doing what may be an extra-official act, at which my private feelings revolt.

I recognize the fact that obedience to General Orders, Numbers 3, is a part of my military duty, and I shall unflinchingly comply with it, in the consciousness that I am in no way responsible therefor; but I am personally responsible for my decision when it is to affect the happiness and security of others.

May I ask you, general, to relieve me of this responsibility by giving me your formal decision at your earliest convenience?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. E. WARING, JR.,

Major, Commanding Fremont Hussars.

SEDALIA, MO., December 20, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Just arrived here. Troops much embarrassed with nearly 2,000 prisoners and great quantity of captured property. Unless otherwise directed, to-day I will directed the troops to reoccupy their position at La Mine.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., December 20, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE, Sedalia, Mo.:

I congratulate you and your command on the brilliant success of your expedition. I hope it will prove the forerunner of still greater success.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

ORDERS, OFFICE PRO. Marsh General, DEPT. OF THE MO., Numbers 16. Saint Louis, Mo., December 20, 1861.

The following form of notice is hereby ordered to be used in notifying the friends of the enemy of their assessments in aid of the suffering families driven by the rebels from Southwestern Missouri, pursuant to Orders, Numbers 24, issued from department headquarters.

[Inclosure.]

You will therefore pay the amount so assessed, or its equivalent in clothing, provisions, or quarters, to me within five days after the service of this notice upon you, or in default thereof execution will be issued against your property for sufficient to satisfy the assessments, costs, and 25 per cent. penalty in addition. Should you elect to pay your assessment in clothing, provisions, or quarters, you will give notice of such intention to this office, accompanying the same with an inventory and description of the articles or of the situation and value of the quarters tendered, which will be accepted subject to an appraisement of the same by me.

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.

