
staff officers in the United States service to be detailed for duty in connection with the Missouri State Militia, and will order them to make the necessary provision in their respective offices for fulfilling this agreement. All requisitions upon the different officers of the United States under this agreement to be made in substance in the same mode for the Missouri State Militia as similar requisitions are made for troops in the service of the United States, and the Secretary of War will cause any additional regulations that may be necessary to insure regularity and economy in carrying this agreement into effect to be adopted and communicated to the Governor of Missouri for the government of the Missouri State Militia.

NOVEMBER 6, 1861.

This plan, approved with the modification that the Governor stipulates that when he commissions a major-general of militia it shall be the same person at the time in command of the United States Department of the West, and in case the United States shall charge such commander of the department, he, the Governor, will revoke the State commission given to the person relieved, and give one to the person substituted to the United States command of said department.

A. LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 2. Fort Leavenworth, December 21 [2], 1861.

I. Brigadier-General Denver, having reported for duty, is assigned to the command of all the troops within the State of Kansas. He will visit the different commands, make a complete inspection of each, and report their condition to a department headquarters.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Hunter:

EDWARD W. SMITH,

Lieutenant, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., December 22, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE R. TODD, Commanding at Hermann, Mo.:

Send additional forces in direction of Warrenton to carry out instructions given yesterday.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., December 22, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE R. TODD, Hermann, Mo.:

Use the means at hand at Hermann. Do not wait for ferry-boat from Jefferson City. General McKean has been ordered to let you know if he has one to spare; if so, he will send it. Be prompt in the execution of the instructions sent you.

By order of Major-General H. W. Halleck:

SCHUYLER HAMILTON,

Brigadier-General.

