HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT SOUTHEAST MISSOURI,Cairo, Ill., December 22, 1861.

General JOHN A. McCLERNAND, Commanding, Cairo, Ill.:

A trade being carried on between Jonesborough and the Mississippi River, thence with the Southern Army by the way of Neely's Landing, I want Captain Stewart's company to go to the neighborhood of the mouth of Big Muddy and, if practicable, break up the traffic. There is also a number of armed desperadoes in that vicinity that I hope may be broken up. The company will go on the steamer Memphis, taking with them ten days' rations. Forage for their horses can be procured where they encamp, giving proper vouchers, to be settled by the quartermaster at this place. I would like the company to go to-day, if practicable; if not, early to-morrow. I will see Captain Stewart before he starts, and give him all the information in my possession on the subject.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, December 22, 1861.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN, Jefferson City, Mo.:

Protect North Missouri Railroad, and capture if possible those engaged in its destruction. You will send your disposable force across the river in the direction of Fulton to break up an encampment and capture all parties and squads moving west. A portion of Merrill's Horse will be sent to Jefferson City by special train. [George] A. Williams' company of First Infantry will be halted at Jefferson City, and for the present placed under your orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

ROLLA, MO., December 22, 1861.

General HALLECK,

Major-General, Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Citizens have just arrived from Webster County who inform me that the rebels are collecting hogs and cattle, which they are driving towards Arkansas. Some of the droves go in the direction of Batesville, Ark., others in the direction of Forsyth, Taney County, Missouri. It is rumored the rebels are collecting pork, hogs, and cattle on White River, near the Arkansas line, making that point a depot. The rebels are also robbing dwelling-houses of bed-clothing and wearing apparel. Such is the information from Laclede, Wright, Dallas, and Webster Counties.

Yours, respectfully,

JNO. S. PHELPS.

OTTERVILLE, MO., December 22, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK, Department of Missouri:

Troops will occupy their former positions to-day.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

