
WARRENTON, MO., December 23, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

I arrived with my command, 250 men, yesterday morning. Am repairing bridge above here. Track much injured at Mexico Station and cars at Wellsburg burned. A large force at Danville, 1,500, reported to be moving to Warrenton and Troy to attack our force. Send cavalry with re-enforcements. Bridge above Mexico burned. Paymaster Flynn here; gives information as to the road; says that firing was heard yesterday in the direction of Danville from Florence.

A. KREKEL, Major.

PALMYRA, MO., December 23, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

On Saturday I ordered Colonel Bishop to send forward detachments of men to punish parties that tore up the track of the North Missouri Railroad. They overtook them, killed 10, took 17 prisoners, and captured 30 horses. Five of our men slightly wounded.

B. M. PRENTISS,

Brigadier-General.

OTTERVILLE, MO., December 23, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Price withdrew Rains' division from north side of Osage on Friday. Moved whole camp 8 miles south up Sac River. None of his forces now north of Osage. This news is up to Friday last.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO.,

December 23, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Major Caldwell came from Fulton this morning with some powder, the rebel band having been dispersed. I hear of others over the river, and design sending his cavalry battalion and five companies of the Eleventh Iowa Volunteers to Fulton to-morrow morning. The ice has interfered to-day. I do this under your former instructions. This will leave but eight companies of infantry here, three of cavalry (partially armed), and two of artillery, without guns. In view of anticipated troubles on this, have you any new instructions in regard to sending troops over the river? The crossing will soon be uncertain.

THOS. J. McKEAN.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, Mo., December 23, 1861.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE, Otterville, Mo.:

Will send cavalry as soon as I get arms. Sent you a battalion last week from Jefferson City. Another battalion intended for you must stop temporarily at Jefferson City to operate on Fulton. Obliged to send another battalion of horses to Warrenton to catch bridge-burners.

