
to 300 men, were at Dayton, Mo., making preparations, recruiting, and outfitting for Price's army, at midnight I took 200 men, with the 12-pounder howitzer, and arrived at Dayton about daylight; but the enemy had run, two companies of Colonel Newgent's command having encamped at Austin the night before, a place only 6 miles distant. The main body of the rebels had returned to the junction of Walnut Creek and Grand River. Small parties were seen of 20 or 30 men each in the woods and on the prairie hills; detachment were sent out after them. Captain Gregory, of Company E, had an engagement with one party of 25 men; killed 1 man. The captain's horse was shot and 1 horse wounded. None of our men were hurt. Some 15 Union families moved into Kansas. We captured a lot of stock belonging to rebels, 6 tents, and company utensils.

On the 2nd we moved to Rose Hill, and the next day returned to Camp Johnson.

The scouting party which went to Walnut Creek found that Captain Scott had left for the south. Dayton having been used voluntarily by its inhabitants as a depot for recruiting and supplying the rebels, and there being only one Union house in town, and all the Union men there desiring its destruction, it was burned, except the one belonging to the Union man. Although there were 46 buildings in the town, we found only two men to represent the whole population.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. R. ANTHONY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Brigadier-General DENVER,

Commanding Troops in Kansas.

JANUARY 5-12, 1862.-Operations in Johnson an La Fayette Counties, Mo., and skirmish (January 9) at Columbus, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel D. R. Anthony, First Kansas Cavalry.

HEADQUARTERS, Camp Johnson, Morristown, Mo., January 13, 1862.

SIR: On the 5th instant a party of twelve Union citizens of Johnson County, Missouri, mounted on horses and armed with shot-guns, came into camp and informed me that a force of 300 rebels, under command of Colonel Elliott, were committing depredations upon Union men, and asking assistance from me to aid or protect them in moving their families to Kansas. I ordered Major Herrick, with 200 men, to proceed to Holden, Johnson County, and capture Colonel Elliott, and also to put down all rebel bands he met on the way and protect Union men. Major Herrick took four days' rations; found no enemy in force on the route - indeed, the country seemed desolate and deserted by the men.

On the 9th Captain Merriman was sent with 50 men to Columbus. The people of Columbus informed him there was no enemy in that vicinity; but on his return, about half a mile south of the town, was fired on from ambush by Colonel Elliott, who had secreted his men in the bush, and 5 of our men were killed. Captain Merriman was forced to retreat. He was soon joined by Captain Utt, of Company A, with 50 more men. They than scoured the bush for miles around, but found no enemy, they having that day deserted their camp, which was found by our men located in a rocky ravine.

