
ferson City. I have telegraphed to the latter place, to direct, if possible, the commanding officer at Fulton not to move on Concord till to-morrow morning. Regiment of infantry will join you to-day. Look out for the bridges in your rear and have them well guarded.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WARRENTON, MO., December 26, 1861.

Brigadier-General HENDERSON, Truxton, Lincoln County, Mo.:

GENERAL: Major Krekel informs me that you will be at Truxton to-night with a force of infantry, and that a part of your command, cavalry, as he understands, marches from Ashley towards Wellsville to-day. I desire you to march your entire command to Wellsville to-morrow to co-operate with me. I shall send aid from Danville and Shamrock towards Mexico. I will either accompany this latter force or go with another column, via Williamsburg, towards Concord. When you arrive at Wellsville communicate with the force near Shamrock, which will have orders from --- as to its and your future movements. Other columns are moving in various directions, in the hope of capturing the insurgents in the vicinity of Mexico and Concord. Keep me advised of everything of importance. I regret very much that the supplies for your men could not have reached them before this expedition. I have ordered them to be sent to this place, where I hope you will be able to get them in a few days.

Yours, very truly,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., December 26, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

The messenger I sent to Fulton sent back word that 3,500 rebels were marching from Mexico to attack our forces at Fulton. He thinks his information reliable. Have you any troops near there? I can send none before to-morrow.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENTON, MO., December 26, 1861.

General HALLECK:

I have information that Colonel Todd, of Hermann, is at Danville, and find from 500 to 1,000 of the enemy between Danville and Williamsburg. Henderson will be at Truxton to-day with a part of his force, while another part will leave Ashley and move towards Wellsville. I will move Henderson from Montgomery City and Wellsville towards Mexico to-morrow. As soon as the infantry arrives from Saint Louis I will move to Danville, reaching that place to-night; thence, via Williamsburg, to Concord to-morrow. Should not a force be sent to Columbia and thence towards Mexico? Who is in command of the force at Fulton? He should not move towards Concord before to-morrow morning.

J. M. SCHOFIELD.

