
ROLLA, MO., December 27, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Just arrived. General's dispatch received. News corroborated here of Price's retreat. Will send forward cavalry, but cannot expect to overtake him, since he has 120 miles and five days the start. My only hope is to accelerate his flight and embarrass his rear. If, as most likely, he makes a stand at his old station, near Neosho, he can only be routed with a considerable force of all arms.

SAML. R. CURTIS.

OTTERVILLE, MO., December 27, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Price passed through Springfield on Sunday evening; large part of his army next day. No enemy left in this section. Price destroyed the bridge at Warsaw.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FLORENCE, MO., December 27, 1861-1 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis, Mo.:

Todd's force will reach Centreville to-night. The Third Iowa will be at Flint Point and General Henderson at Wellsville. I have no intelligence yet from the force at Fulton. The enemy has gone from Williamsburg towards Concord. I expect to move on Concord and Mexico to-morrow. I hear nothing from Prentiss.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, MO., December 28, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

Our troops at Fulton marched on Concord yesterday and made about a dozen prisoners. The rebels dispersed. Our troops are now in Fulton, without having met any of the troops you sent up on the other side.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.

ROLLA, MO., December 28, 1861.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Will move the cavalry 8 a. m. to-morrow morning. Supplies so scarce this side of Springfield I will expedite progress by sending some. with your leave I will follow in support with artillery and infantry as far as Lebanon, creating a depot for the cavalry to fall back on. This movement will increase the stampede in Price's army, and the force will be convenient in any emergency.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

