
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DIST. OF MO., Numbers 1. Rolla, December 28, 1861.

Pursuant to Special Orders, Numbers 92, Department of Missouri, the undersigned assumes command of the portion of country in Missouri south of the Osage and west of the Meramec Rivers.

Commanders of divisions, brigades, and detachments will report to me forthwith the strength and position of their forces.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DIST. OF MO., Numbers 1. Rolla, Mo., December 28, 1861.

Nine companies of Illinois Third Cavalry (Colonel Carr); six companies of Fremont Hussars (Major Waring); four companies of Major Wright's battalion (Major Wright); four companies of Missouri cavalry (Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis); one company of Thirty-sixth Illinois Cavalry, and Captain Gerster's company of pioneers, will march to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock. All extra baggage, bands of music, and surplus equipment will be left in charge of proper officers.

Colonel Carr will take command and proceed under special instructions received at these headquarters.

Generals of divisions, brigades, and regiments to which these corps belong will see that proper equipment for sixteen days' expedition is fully supplied.

SAML. R. CURTIS,Brigadier-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWESTERN DIST. OF MISSOURI,Rolla, Mo., December 28, 1861.

Colonel E. A. CARR, Third Illinois Cavalry:

COLONEL: In my absence will command the cavalry expedition which is ordered to move from this point to-morrow morning at 8 o'clock. At an early period you will ascertain and report to me the strength of your command, which I estimate at 1,700.

You are expected to go beyond Springfield, or as far as to feel the enemy, and, if in broken ranks, fall on him and cut him to pieces. If found in superior numbers, and with artillery and infantry in force, you will not give him battle, but strive to draw him up by cautions and safe retrograde movements.

You will carefully husband your supplies by adopting measures for using whatever you can procure on the way. Let all foraging be done under orders of prudent officers, giving certificates of the amount and value of property taken of good Union men, but giving no certificates to those who are in rebellion against the United States. Persons deserting from the retreating army and surrendering to us may be received, and discharged upon taking the oath of allegiance to the United States and obligating themselves to forfeit their lives property, and honor if they betray our National Government or return to the rebel army.

You will avoid the incumbrance of your command with contraband

