
property by sending it back to these headquarters at your earliest convenience. You will advise me frequently of your progress, and avoid undue exposures to the enemy, and the difficulties of procuring supplies.

Approaching near the enemy, leave your train with a portion of your command and dash down upon him with the forage and rations you can carry on your horses, hurrying back to the support of your train.

I am, colonel, very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, December 30, 1861.

Brigadier General B. M. PRENTISS, Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 27th and your telegram of last evening are received. I congratulate you and your command on the affair of Mount Zion. Keep on doing so, and the rebels will soon be broken up. Give me a full report at your earliest convenience.* I hope before you receive this you will have communicated with Generals Schofield and Henderson, and also with our cavalry, about 1,000, in the vicinity of Fayette and Glasgow. Handle these bridge-burners without gloves.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WARRENTON, MO., December 30, 1861.

Major-General HALLECK:

There are now 30 men of my command at Dardenne Bridge; two companies at Perruque; one company at Wellsville; two companies and 60 cavalry here, and three of infantry and one of cavalry at Florence. Our troops are reported as being in Mexico. Road repaired to Wellsville; will be repaired to Martinsburg by to-morrow night. Rebels are reported as disbanding. The country is quiet, but in great fears of the cavalry, who have scouted extensively and dealt out severe blows.

A. KREKEL.

[DECEMBER 31, 1861.- For return of troops in the District of Cairo, see operations in Kentucky, &c., Series I, Vol. VII, p. 525.]

[JANUARY 1, 1862.- For Lincoln to Halleck and Halleck to Lincoln, in reference to co-operation with Buell, see operations in Kentucky, &c., Series I, Vol. VII, p. 526.]
HEADQUARTERS,Jefferson City, January 1, 1864.

J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in accordance with directions heretofore received from department headquarters there have been

---------------

*See p. 43.

---------------

