
sent from this post across the Missouri River the following-named troops, viz: Five companies of the Eleventh Regiment Iowa Volunteers, and four companies of the Third Iowa Cavalry now at Fulton, in Callaway County; also a detachment of Merrill's Horse, numbering about 300, which will probably be in Columbia, Boone County, to-morrow.

I would recommend that troops be kept at these places during the entire winter or until the bands of rebels infesting that neighborhood are effectually dispersed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 1, 1862.

Brigadier General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Rolla, Mo.:

Information received here that Price does not intended to leave the State, but to return with additional artillery and troops sent him from Arkansas, which he fell back to receive, directing his men to destroy in the mean time all railroad bridges and telegraphs. You will therefore have your force ready for a movement.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

MARTINSBURG, January 1, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

I have thoroughly scoured the whole country as far west as the field of Prentiss' fight. Have captured about 50 prisoners, among the rest Captain Owen, the leader of the bridge-burners about High Hill, and Colonel Jeff. Jones. Colonels Todd and Morton are now coming in towards Danville and Wellsville. Most of the bridge-burners not killed or captured have passed back across the railroad. I am disposing my troops so as to protect the road and clean the country northwest of it. If it is deemed necessary to keep me in this command I would like to return to Saint Louis for a day or two.

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, January 1, 1862.

Honorable T. EWING, Lancaster, Ohio:

SIR: I think you for your letter of the 30th ultimo.* I am satisfied that nothing but the severest punishment can prevent the burning of railroad bridges and the great destruction of human life. I shall punish all I can catch, although I have no doubt there will be a newspaper howl against me as a blood-thirsty monster. These incendiaries have destroyed in the last ten days $150,000 worth of railroad property, notwithstanding that there are more than 10,000 troops kept guarding the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

