
not entitled to such exemptions; such men are not legitimately in arms, and the military name and garb which they have assumed cannot give a military exemption to the crimes which they may commit. They are, in a legal sense, mere freebooters and banditti, and are liable to the same punishment which was imposed upon guerrilla bands by Napoleon in Spain and by Scott in Mexico.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS, NORTH MISSOURI R. R. Numbers 2. Wellsville, January 1, 1862.

The practice of plundering and robbing peaceable citizens and of wantonly destroying private property has become so prevalent in some portion of this command as to require the most vigorous measures for its suppression.

Andy soldier who shall be guilty of either of the crimes above mentioned will be immediately arrested and placed in irons.

Any officer who shall fail to arrest and bring to trial any soldier, whether of his own command or not, whom he shall detect in the commission of such crimes, or who shall fail to use his utmost endeavors to prevent the men of his own command from committing them, will be regarded as particeps criminis and be punished accordingly.

This order will be read and explained to each company of the command of parade.

By order of Brigadier-General Schofield:

H. HESCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO, Numbers 3. Cario, Ill., January 1, 1862.

I. The whole of the forces at Bird's Point are hereby consolidated into one brigade, commanded by Brigadier General E. A. Paine, and will be known as the Second Brigade. The force at Fort Holt, Ky., commanded by Colonel John Cook, will hereafter be known as the Third Brigade, and the command at Cape Girardeu, Mo., as the Fourth Brigade.

* * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Grant:

[JNO. A. RAWLINS,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SEDALIA, January 2, 1862.

General HALLECK:

Two of my spies just in from Springfield humbugged Price completely; went through all his camps safely; saw everything. Train of forty wagons just in from the south with supplies, ammunition, &amp;c., as well as artillery. Has in all sixty-three pieces; none rifled. Horses very poor.

A considerable force at Bolivar. Price's whole force not over 16,000

