
arrangements must be extensive; do the best we can. Some point either Waynesville or Lebanon, will, in my judgment, have to be made a depot and reserve location in the event of a forward movement. It will lessen very much the amount of wagons necessary for the movement. A large portion of this force could move to such a point very soon - I think andy day - but supply trains would have to constantly move to and fro from this place. Captain Sheridan will be able to report more accurately his power to supply in the course of to-day, and I will give more accurate intelligence.

Meantime I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, January 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Price, who has only 10,000, is undoubtedly moving towards Memphis. If you will send Sigel to Springfield I can send a force to encourage John Ross and the Union Creeks.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 2, 1862.

Major-General HUNTER,

Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Price was at Springfield two days ago, and has probably been attacked by 2,000 of our cavalry to-day. If necessary, they will soon be sustained by infantry and artillery. He will leave this either willingly or forcibly. His day is over. Encourage Johnston, Ross, and friendly Creeks.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, January 2, 1862.

CHARLES C. WHITTLESEY, Esq., Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Your letter of the 31st has been received and its contents noted.* You are entirely mistaken in relation to the animus of General Price. The fairest offers have been made to him but he scouts them, and says he will fight the Federal Government to the bitter end. The time for conciliation, I am sorry to say, has passed. Nothing but the military power can now put down the rebellion and save Union men in this State. It is useless now to try any other remedy. Your suggestions about detecting railroad bridge-burners will receive due consideration and be acted on where circumstances will permit.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

31 R R-VOL VIII

