
MONTGOMERY CITY, January 3, 1862.

Brigadier-General PRENTISS,

Palmyra, Mo.:

GENERAL: I received your letter of yesterday this afternoon as I was about starting from Wellsville. I reciprocate most cordially the feelings you express, and do not doubt for a moment that we can co-operate harmoniously in the important work in which we are engaged.

I shall gladly embrace the privilege of writing you freely in respect to the affairs of this district, and hope hat ere long I may have the pleasure of forming a personal acquaintance and lasting friendship with a general whom I have already learned to esteem so highly.

I have left General Henderson with his command of State troops at Mexico, with instructions to operate in the country north and east of that point. I presume the force between Mexico and Hudson is sufficient for the protection of the road; if not, please inform me, and I will send a force for that purpose. I am occupying all the important points along the road from Mexico to Saint Charles, and organizing a regular system of scouting, by which I hope to capture the small bands of rebels that are now scattered over this part of the State. I do not think they will make any further attempts at organization, but, as you say, we must give them no rest until we have caught and brought to punishment those guilty of the destruction of the road and their accomplices.

The only cavalry force now at my disposal is a battalion of Germans, utterly worthless for this kind of service. It I trust them out of my sight for a moment they will plunder and rob friends and foes alike. I have arrested two of the officers and have five of the men in irons. I have asked General Halleck to recall this battalion and send me civilized human beings in their stead. If this be done, as I doubt not it will, I shall hope to carry or my operations with success, and without making more enemies than friends to the Union.

I shall go to Saint Louis to-morrow night and return on Monday, when I hope to hear from you again. I congratulate you, general, upon your recent success, and hope that is may be often repeated, until the rebels shall be driven from the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 3, 1862.

Major-General HUNTER,

Commanding Kansas Department:

It is the intention of the Government to order me to report to you for an active winter's campaign. They have ordered General Denver to another department. They have ordered to report to you eight regiments cavalry, three of infantry, and three batteries, in addition to your present force. They have also ordered you, in conjunction with the Indian Department, to organize 4,000 Indians. Mr. Doles, Commissioner, will come out with me.

J. H. LANE.

