
I have scouting parties in every direction.

The roads are so bad that it would be difficult to move my train rapidly, but I am not sorry I brought it, as the weather has been so bad that many men would be sick, as a few are now.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Colonel, Commanding.

ROLLA, January 3, 1862.

Colonel E. A. CARR:

COLONEL: Your communication from Camp Ruggles, 12 miles south of the Gasconade, giving an account of your position and the success of Major McConnell's expedition to Lebanon and Colonel Lewis' sally, by which you captured 4 prisoners and a quantity of cattle and sheep, are duly received. I congratulate you on the exact fulfillment of my time, reported at the moment of your arrival at that distance from Springfield, and I heartily approve of your location of your train on this side and your sending out the parties designated to scatter the rebel pickets. Lieutenant-Colonel Lewis is especially entitled to my congratulation for his success. I hope ere this you have come --- communication with the troops I sent to Lebanon. If --- concentrates, but try to --- enemy's pickets, if you cannot --- and bring away stock --- the enemy is trying to ---*

You are having very bad weather just now. Exert your efforts to preserve --- and your stock till the weather moderates. Keep me advised as often as occasion may offer. It is very important to learn the strength and position of the enemy. One messenger sent at the same time I directed you to delay the train has not been heard from. He went by the old road. If he has not reached you it will be well to shift your train location, as the enemy would learn something of our purposes by that accident. I think your force more than a match for any cavalry then can send against you, but it may be otherwise. If they move infantry and artillery towards you, you must move this way. I return your compliments of the season, with my best wishes for further success.

Truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Southwestern District.

U. S. MILITARY HOSPITAL, COR. CHESTNUT AND FIFTH STS.,

Saint Louis, Mo., January 3, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

GENERAL: It is required by the terms of the order appointing the Sanitary Commission "that they should from time to time report directly to the commander-in-chief of the department the condition of the camps and hospitals."

In compliance with this obligation I have now to report that the condition of the general hospitals in this city, with one exception, shows a steady improvement. The nurses and attendants all understand their duties and are discharging them to the general satisfaction of the surgeons.

---------------

*Dashes indicate illegible words.

---------------

