
tinue so for any length of time shall be sent to this city. There are hospital cars, provided with beds and all the necessary conveniences for the comfortable transportation of the very sick. An order to this effect would gladden the hearts and greatly ameliorate the condition of many sick and suffering soldiers.

The source of most of the sickness in this division can be traced to the crowded condition of some of the tents and barracks, especially the Wedge tent, which averages five and a half persons to a tent of 8 by 2. Bad as this tent is, the close and crowded barracks are even worse. Two companies are crowded into a barracks 30 by 60 feet, 11 feet high. The air is most foul and breeds disease and death.

At Camp Benton the commander of the post has most promptly complied with the recommendation of Dr. Warriner, the inspector of camps for the United States Sanitary Commission, in improving the ventilation, but with the number of inmates no amount of ventilation will suffice. The regulations allow 225 square feet for 6 men. At these barracks there is but 60 feet for 6 men, which is entirely inadequate.

The small-pox has made its appearance at several posts and in one of our hospitals; every precaution has been taken to prevent its spreading, but, in order to arrest and mitigate the horrors of this dreaded disease it is necessary that some obligatory order by issued to colonels of regiments, holding them responsible for the prompt execution of the same.

Among the other duties which devolved upon the Sanitary Commission was the obtaining from the commanding at large such additional means of increasing the comfort and promoting the moral and social welfare of the men in camp and hospital as may be needed and cannot be furnished by Government regulations. To carry out this object appeals have been made to the community trough the press and have been most generously responded to. The various Ladies' Aid Societies, as well as individuals, have showered their offerings upon us. From Massachusetts alone we have received over 150 boxes of supplies. We have already distributed over 18,759 articles, consisting of shirts, drawers, socks, comforts, and a variety of other articles of comfort and usefulness, besides over 1,000 books. The Commission feel the necessity of having another medical gentlemen on our Commission, and would respectfully recommend the appointment of Dr. S. Pollok, a gentlemen of acknowledged ability and experience as a sanitarian.

JAMES E. YEATMAN,

President Sanitary Commission.

ROLLA, January 4, 1862.

Colonel E. A. CARR:

COLONEL: I have very accurate knowledge of Price on Sunday, a week before you moved. He was in Springfield in force, artillery, &amp;c., for winter quarters. I will try to make it warm enough for him if he stops there. Send back train with escorts as far as you can spare it. Your messenger of yesterday, 2.30 p. m. from you, arrived here at 10 a. m. You were then very properly laying quiet during the bad weather. There was a company 10 miles east of Lebanon, at Chesby's Mill, when my informant passed up from Springfield. Better look into that point. I have no news of six or seven companies which I ordered to Lebanon from this place and Salem. Suppose they are there by this time. I hope you will procure forage in the country and let me know

