
[Inclosure.]

Extract from a letter from Theodore Adams to Flag-Officer A. H. Foote, dated Saint Louis, Mo., January 3, 1862.

I am informed by Captain Wise and Captain Turnley that two of the last four tugs, since their arrival at Cairo, are disabled and in a leaking condition.

The tugs when received here by Major Allen were in a complete and finished condition, and since then have been under his control and in charge of officers under his appointment and pay. They, with the mortar boas, are no longer under any control of mine, and I cannot therefore do anything towards they repair without orders from Major Allen or yourself. I will cheerfully do anything either of you may require at any time, but cannot be responsible for any mishap to any of the craft I have built after they have been taken from my control.

The boats referred to have been ordered to Cairo by direct orders from General Meigs, and were received here by Major Allen, and taken under his control when they left this city.

ROLLA, January 5, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Reliable news to Monday last 40 miles southwest of Springfield. Price is preparing to fight at Springfield. His re-enforcement was battery of six guns, two of them rifled. His friends estimate his force at 40,000; our estimate at 20,000. Our cavalry have driven in all the rebel pickets to within 17 miles of Springfield. They ran in on Thursday night in great terror. I can hear of none this side. Weather very bad. Have constant rain and snow, but all right. Have written more fully.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

ROLLA, January 5, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON:

SIR: Went within 8 miles Springfield Thursday. Union man had been in Springfield day before, January 1. Price had received re-enforcements of three regiments and ten cannon, making, as there believed, forty-eight pieces. Colonel Phelps knows Union man and thinks this report reliable. Major Wright's force is at Lebanon; Colonel Carr's about 20 miles southeast of the point; Major Waring marching on Marshfield. I want more cavalry.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

[JANUARY 6, 1862.- For Halleck to Buell and to President, of this date, in reference to co-operation with Buell, see Series I, Vol. VII, pp. 532, 533.]

