
JANUARY 8, 1862.-Action at Roan's Tan-Yard, Silver Creek, Mo.

REPORTS.

No. 1.- Brigadier General John M. Palmer.

No. 2.- Colonel Thomas J. Turner, Fifteenth Illinois Infantry.

No. 3.- Major W. M. G. Torrence, First Iowa Cavalry.

No. 4.- Colonel Lewis Merrill, Second Missouri Cavalry.

No. 1. Report of Brigadier General John M. Palmer.

OTTERVILLE, January 10, 1862.

On the 8th, at 4 o'clock p.m., Major Torrence and Hubbard, with 450 men, attacked Poindexter, with from 1,000 to 1,300 men, on Silver Creek. The enemy were totally routed,with heavy loss. Seven left dead on the field; many carried off. From 50 to 75 wounded. Our loss reported at 4 killed. The rebel camp was destroyed, and a large number of horses and arms taken. A heavy for alone saved them from complete destruction. The number of prisoners is reported at 30.

JOHN M. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

Major-General HALLECK.

No. 2. Report of Colonel Thomas J. Turner, Fifteenth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS LA MINE CANTONMENT, Otterville, Mo., January 14, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Major Hubbard, of the First Missouri Cavalry, returned to this place last night. He left his command on the north of the river, opposite Booneville. Ice in the river prevented his crossing. He reports that on 8th instant, at Silver Creek, in Howard County, he attacked the rebels, 900 strong, under command of Colonel Poindexter. After a brisk engagement, which lasted forty minutes, he completely routed the enemy. The enemy's loss was 40 killed and 60 wounded. His loss 6 killed and 19 wounded. He captured 160 horses, 60 wagons, 105 tents, 80 kegs, powder, about 200 rifles and shot-guns, and a large quantity of clothing, blankets, and bed-quilts. He has in his possession 160 captured horses and 28 prisoners. The wagons, powder, and other property captured he was compelled to destroy for want of help to remove them. I directed him to bring the prisoners and horses here, unless he received orders to take them to some other point.

Major Hubbard is greatly in need of ammunition, as is also all the cavalry at this post. I have been informed that requisitions have been forwarded to Saint Louis for a supply, but they have not been attended to.

I would respectfully suggest that an ordnance officer be appointed for the post.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,THOS. J. TURNER,

Colonel, Commanding Cantonment.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

4 R R-VOL VIII

