
SAINT LOUIS, January 6, 1862.

Honorable F. P. BLAIR, Jr., Washington:

SIR: Yours of the 3rd instant is just received.* Don't trouble yourself about Orders, Numbers 24.+ It will be rigorously executed in good time. There has been no disposition to relax it in the slightest degree. The growl of secessionists don't trouble us a particle. I expected it. The delay in its execution has resulted in this way: The first list was not fairly made, and one of the board left without revising it. A new board was ordered, composed partly of citizens, good Union men, such as Hain, Patrick, Greeley, McPherson, &amp;c.; but they did not have the nerve to stand up to it. They backed down, and declined to serve unless their names could be concealed. This I would not consent to. I want no secret boards. Hence the delay. But its effect will not be less beneficial when it is understood to be an act of mature deliberation.

You have no idea of the character of the material I have to work with. The German troops are on the brink of mutiny. They have been tampered with by politicians, and made to believe that if they refuse to obey my orders and demand the return of Fremont the Government will be compelled to yield. Meetings to this effect have been held, and high officers of the implicated. They are closely watched, and I have the threads of the conspiracy. Don't the alarmed at an explosion. I am prepared for it, and will put it down. I have already cut off its legs, and will soon get its head. All I ask to my Washington friends is to keep cool and let me work out my plans. I understand the problem, and will solve it in time.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK.

SAINT LOUIS, January 6, 1862.

Colonel FRED. STEELE,

Commanding, &c., Sedalia, Mo.:

COLONEL: I have received reliable information from Lexington that Joe H. Nichols and Frank Thomas, released from arrest by you, are the most active and dangerous rebels in that part of the country. The former was a member of the secession band who robbed and fired upon Union men in Lexington, and Thomas, it is said, was one of Joe Shelby's party, who robbed the steamer Sunshine. Nichols, while on his way from Sedalia in the stage to Lexington, pulled a secession flag from his pocket, and displayed it in every place through which he passed. Moreover, the petition of Union men which was presented to Major Chittenden was mostly a forgery, the few Union men who did actually sign it being forced to do so by the secession friends of Nichols. The evidence have been released. Greater caution should be observed in such matters, and hereafter no one will be release without requiring of him the oath of allegiance and parole of honor, the violation of which shall be followed by death. I will send you a blank form for such oath and parole.

Very respectfully, &c.,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Appendix, p. 823.

+See p. 431.

---------------

