
restore quiet to North Missouri only be occupying a large number of points, at least one in every county, be cavalry as well as by infantry. In this manner we can always strike the rebels before they can collect in numbers sufficient to meet us, and be keeping our troops continually in their sight so demoralize them as to compel them to give over the attempt at organization. We must at the same time seize and hold all the men of influence who are aiding the rebellion.

Please inform me whether you approve of my suggestions. I shall be glad to co-operate with you in any plan you may adopt.

Yours, very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

ROLLA, January 11, 1862.

Colonel E. A. CARR:

The question as to whether you shall fall back with cavalry or I move forward other arms to support you is pending at headquarters, Saint Louis, but you will, at your own discretion, move back to avoid ambuscade or superior force, which must be avoided also by scouts or pickets in front of you. You must still have an excess of teams and material that might be sent in. The train with provisions arrived safely, and I will retain what cavalry comes in for service here, desiring to diminish rather than increase your force at present, and needing cavalry for various duties here. To prevent trouble, I will either call in Major Wright or order him to report to you, as the two separate commands conflict in plans and purposes. I am sorry to hear of depredations committed by our volunteers, but it would be strange indeed if some crimes were not committed in a community of over a thousand active men. You must exert your best judgment and restrain as far as possible the men under your command.

I have very late news from Price's army. It is much demoralized and poorly equipped. I think, to, it is melting away be desertions and discharges. Your dispatch (XI) by Lieutenant McPhail was the last, and I think all have arrived. I do not usually send the same messenger back, as he and his horse need rest. It is desirable to procure all you can in the country. Those who are stripped too closely can buy if we pay them for what we take, but we should not deprive the poor of the necessaries for the families. The mills should be required to run and this flour should be taken away. Otherwise, if we fall back, the enemy will procure it. The weather continues too bad for any movement, but you must not allow yourself to be surprised.

Very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS.

Since writing the foregoing I have directed Wright to move to Ralph, or that vicinity, to scout in --- County, and support you on that angle.

SAML. R. CURTIS.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE CAIRO,Cairo, January 11, 1862.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE,

Commanding Bird's Point, Mo.:

I understand that four of our pickets were shot this morning. If this is so, and appearances indicate that the assassins were citizens,

