
not regularly organized in the rebel army, the whole country should be cleared out for 6 miles around, and word given that all citizens making their appearance within those limits are liable to be shot. To execute this, patrols should be sent out in all directions, and bring into camp at Bird's Point all citizens, together with their subsistence, and require them to remain, under pain of death and destruction of their property, until properly relieved. Let no harm befall these people if they quietly submit, but bring them in, and place them in camp below the breastworks, and have them properly guarded. The intention is not to make political prisoners of these people, but to curt off a dangerous class of spies. This applies to all classes and conditions, age and sex. If, however, women and children prefer other protection than we afford them, they may be allowed to retire beyond the limits indicated, afford them, they may be allowed to retire beyond the limits indicated, not to return until authorized. Report to me as soon as possible every important occurrence within your command.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 16. Saint Louis, January 11, 1862.

The system of passports by local provost-marshals in this city and State is hereby abolished. No passports will be issued except in places in the vicinity of the enemy's forces, and then by the commanding officers of such places, and only for passing the lines. No passport will exempt suspected parties from arrest outside of the particular jurisdiction of the officer by whose authority it is issued, nor will persons without passports be arrested except on well-grounded suspicion.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CAIRO,Cairo, January 12, 1862.

General E. A. PAINE,

Commanding Second Brigade, Bird's Point, Mo.:

The citizens brought in under directions of yesterday may be put in tents, as suggested by you. They can use the tents of troops who do not go out with you or such surplus tents as may be in the hands of troops at Bird's Point. If you have reason to believe that the parties guilty of shooting our pickets are discovered, inform me, and I will order a court of commission that will act without delay.

U. S. GRANT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, January 12, 1862.

Brigadier General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Rolla:

GENERAL: In preparing your command for the field you will observe as far as possible the inclosed memorandum with respect to transportation.* All additional wagons attached to companies and regiments

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

