
should be turned into the general train. You must be very rigid in this matter, as every organization will claim double the authorized amount of transportation. The Ninth Iowa will be sent into the field with you as soon as possible. It cannot be spared just now, as many of the bridges would be left unguarded.

Lieutenant-Colonel Herron reports that many of the Reserve Corps left their stations and refused to guard the bridges. It will not do to leave this road unprotected. Every available man here is under orders for Cairo and Paducah. Orders from Washington required three divisions (24,000 men) to be sent down instantly, which would have stripped both you and Pope. I begged and protested for time, in order that you might drive Price from the State. Orders and protest have been repeated, and the matter is still undecided. I have detailed one regiment from Carlin, four from Benton Barracks, and two from Prentiss' command. A part of Pope's will be withdrawn as soon as the new insurrection north of the Missouri is suppressed. If the Government insists upon sending more troops immediately, I fear your expedition must be given up for the present. I really hope not. I expect to know by to-morrow or next day. Nearly all the organized forces in Indiana and Illinois have been ordered to other commands. I have no troops just now to relieve the Second Iowa. Will do so as soon as possible. I fully approve your plan as to a depot and the immediate movement of infantry, but I must wait further orders from Washington. If they do not come by Tuesday I shall telegraph you to move. I will send a reserve of several regiments as soon as possible. The Forty-third Illinois have been ordered here for arms, which are just received. They will be restored to Sigel's division as soon as properly armed. The Reserve Corps should not be taken into the field; a part can be used for depot at Rolla, and a part sent to Pacific to replace Herron if he can trust them for that purpose. I have directed that he replace his regiment with them as far as possible. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MO. STATE GUARD,Camp at Springfield, January 12, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding U. S. Forces in the Western Department:

GENERAL: I have received information, that, as major-general commanding in this department, you have either ordered or allowed the arrest of citizens in the pursuit of their usual and peaceful avocations; that men, officers and privates, belonging to this army have been taken prisoners on the Kansas border and conveyed to Fort Leavenworth, and as such, and for no other established offense or crime, have been shot. In some cases I have learned that my discharged soldiers have been seized whenever and wherever they have shown themselves, and that they have been by military coercion forced into a servitude unknown to international and civilized usages in such cases. I have obtained information that individuals and parties of men specially appointed and instructed by me to destroy railroads, culverts, and bridges, by tearing them up, burning, &amp;c., have been arrested and subjected to a general court-martial for alleged crimes, which all the laws of warfare heretofore recognized by the civilized world have regarded as distinctly lawful and proper. I have learned that such person, when

