
in the river will probably prevent. All the cars on the railroad have been sent to Cincinnati, to bring forward a regiment of cavalry, destined, as I am informed, for Fort Leavenworth. This will probably delay the movement till Friday.

Our cavalry sent to Springfield found Price in strong force. They have been obliged to fall back to Lebanon and probably to the Gasconade. I have ordered General Curtis to move forward with all his infantry and artillery. His force will not be less than 12,000. The enemy is reported to have between thirty-five and forty guns. General Curtis has only twenty-four, but I send him six pieces to-morrow and will send six more in a few days. I also propose placing a strong reserve at Rolla, which can be sent forward if necessary. The weather is intensely cold, and the troops, supplied as they are with very inferior clothing, blankets, and tents,must suffer greatly in a winter campaign, and yet I see no way of avoiding it. Unless Price is driven from the State insurrections will continually occur in all the central and northern counties, so as to prevent the withdrawal of our troops.

JANUARY 15.

Since writing the above I have learned that one of the transport steamers got aground near Sulphur Springs and is frozen in. The troops are being landed to-day, and will be sent forward by railroad. Nothing has been heard of the other steamer,and it is presumed that she got through. All water transportation to Cairo must cease for the present.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

ROLLA, January 15, 1862.

Colonel OSTERHAUS:

COLONEL: I have written Colonel Carr to hold on at Waynesville (unless hard pressed) till you come up, as I think we will make a depot for supplies at that place or that vicinity. The proximity of streams and the convergency of common roads must be important elements in considering the propriety of such a location, and I am now favorably impressed with Lebanon. But temporarily you may keep an encampment at or near Waynesville. Keep me advised of your progress. Do not hurry forward, and try to camp early, so as to give time for preparing the best the men can to contend with the inclement season these cold nights. General Halleck writes that your names has been presented for promotion, which I hope you may continue to deserve and ultimately secure.

I am, colonel, very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District Southwest.

CAIRO, January 15, 1862.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: To-day I had a trial of the Benton, to ascertain if her speed and power were sufficient to enable her to be handled in the strong current in different parts of the river with her bow down-stream

