
this late hour it becomes necessary to resort to other means to utilize the great that has been already incurred. The flotilla, together with the naval officers on duty with it, is completely under your orders, and it is expected that you will devise the means of overcoming he obstacles that have presented themselves. It will be more economical, and it seems quite proper, to use volunteer troops to supply the deficiencies in the gunners, and it is suggested that if there is any difficulty from a surplus of officers one remedy would be to detail a portio of the volunteer officers on other duty, while a portion of the uninstructed officers hired by the Navy might also be discharged.

Your early attention is called to this subject, and it is expected that some means will be devised to render the flotilla efficient at a very early day. The matter is placed in your hands, and it is thought that a full interchange of views between Commodore Foote and yourself will result in a solution of the difficulty.

Your views as to the best employment of the flotilla are invited.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, January 18, 1862.

Brigadier General SAMUEL R. CURTIS, Commanding, Rolla:

GENERAL: Yours of the 16th is just received.* I shall immediately order the Ninth Iowa to report to you. I find it impossible to get the Curtis Horse ready in time, and the larger detachments sent from here to Cairo will prevent my giving you any more regiments from this place; but I am determined to give you force enough to render in certain that you will drive Price from the State. I have therefore ordered an entire division to march from Otteville to join you command. They will either go by Linn Creek or Warsaw; if the former, they will direct their march on Lebanon; if the latter, on Buffalo. I will know by Monday which route is deemed best. General Pope will consult with officers who have been over both, and report their opinions. Major Allen will send you 50 teams, and 50 extra will be sent from Otteville with that division. The Pacific Railroad cannot bring them without interfering with supplies.

Major Allen expects 10,000 mittens in a few days. You will be the many hand-mills as you can for grinding corn. My great fear is that the Pacific Railroad will break down, and there may be a delay of a few days before the company can be recognized. They are greatly distressed for money to pay their operatives and fear a strike. Captain Sheridan will received $10,000 from Major Allen. It is all the money we can rake and scrape together. We hope to get some from Washington soon. If necessary, fix a fair schedule of prices for forage, &amp;c and take it giving Union men quartermasters' orders for payment. Take the bull by the honors. I will back you in such forced requisitions where they become necessary for supplying the forces.

We must have no failure in this movement against Price. It must be the last.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

