HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 21, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE:

The division to be organized and sent to General Curtis' command should not exceed 4,000.

Telegraph me which route is preferable, and when it will be ready to start.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

OTTERVILLE, January 21, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Have determined to send Second Division, under J. C. Davis. It will consist of five strong infantry regiments, two batteries, and four cavalry companies, with ten days' rations. Route by Linn Creek, but to Lebanon. Wrote you last night, supposing that the extra hundred wagons would accompany division from here. The division will be ready to move any day you name.

Advise me what instructions to give to commanding officer.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CHIEF ASST. QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, DIST. OF CAIRO,

Cairo, January 21, 1862.

Captain LEWIS B. PARSONS,

Assistant Quartermaster, Saint Louis:

CAPTAIN: What does Government intend to do? This department has been neglected in every way. No funds; no nothing, ad don't seem as though we ever would get anything. Everybody, high and low, in this district is discouraged, and I assure you I had rather be in the bottom of the Mississippi than work night and day as I do without being sustained by Government. I have written to Saint Louis and Washington and it avails nothing, and if my whole heart and should was not in the cause I would never write another word on the subject, but let matters flat, I assure you; and a few days will prove my assertion, that unless Government furnishes this department with funds, transportation, &amp;c., the whole concern will sink so low that the day of resurrection will only raise it. Laborers have not been paid a dime for six or seven months; don't care whether they work or not. If they do, don't take any interest in anything. Government owes everybody and everything, from small petty amounts to large. Liabilities more plenty than Confederate scrip and worth less. Regiment after regiment arriving daily. Nothing to supply them with, and no funds to buy or men to work. No transportation for ourselves or any one else.

To tell you the truth we are on our last legs, and I have made my last appeal in behalf of Government unless it's to a higher power, for it will kill any man and every man at the h ad of departments here the way we are now working. Is it possible that General Halleck does not know the situation of affairs here? If you think not, I hope you will inform him at once, for if he should come here he will be astonished and annoyed to find us in such a condition. The general commanding

