
teams, means, and men that can aid in it will be pressed with the utmost energy.

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, January 22, 1862.

Brigadier General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Rolla, Mo.:

GENERAL: The Second Division, under Colonel J. C. Davis, will leave Tipton on the 24th instant, taking the road by Versailles and Linn Creek to Lebanon. They will carry ten days' provisions. An extra train of 75 wagons, also loaded with provisions, will accompany the expedition. On reaching the Osage the division will be under your orders. It consists of five strong infantry regiments, two batteries, and four cavalry companies. The Benton Hussars will be sent to Rolla as soon as they can be armed. These ought to be sufficient. Don't ask for any more if you can possibly help it, as everything else I can rake and scrape together is wanted in another direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, January 22, 1862.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

General-in-Chief of the Army, Washington:

GENERAL: I wrote you in November respecting the health of Brigadier General W. T. Sherman and my reasons for giving him a leave of twenty days. He returned and reported for duty at the end of that time, greatly improved, but not, in my opinion, entirely in condition to take the field. It therefore placed him in command of the Camp of Instruction at Benton Barracks, where he has rendered most excellent service, while at the same time his health has gradually improved. I think in a very short time he will be fully prepared to resume his duties in the field, either in this department or in any other to which he may be assigned.

I have made this explanation as I deemed it due to both General Sherman and myself, inasmuch as some of his friends may not understand why younger officers have been placed in more active commands. I know that General Sherman himself is perfectly satisfied with the arrangement, and will cheerfully do duty either in this department or in any other to which he may be assigned. I should be very sorry to lose his services here, but will oppose no obstacle to the wishes of himself or friends if a transfer should be desired.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK.

SAINT LOUIS, January 22, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE, Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: Your letter, dated Springfield, January 12, is received. The troops of which you complain on the Kansas frontier and at Fort Leavenworth are not under my command. In regard to them I respect-

