
Sedalia, who, when joined by four companies from this place, under Major Torrence, First Iowa Cavalry, will proceed to the neighborhood of Lexington, thence to Waverly, thence across to Arrow Rock, and from thence to return directly to Sedalia, so as to make a thorough scout of the whole region, but not be absent over eight days, and to report regularly be messengers to Sedalia. Reports reach the general commanding from department headquarters, from Glasgow, and from Brunswick that the enemy is crossing in considerable numbers at Brunswick and Waverly. Perhaps it will be best to send a section of artillery; the whole to be under command of some responsible officer, without reference to the corps to which he belongs. The four companies of Iowa Cavalry will report to you at Sedalia to-morrow night.

You will keep General Pope advised constantly of the movements and operations of this force.

By order of General Pope:

-------

--------

,

Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT CENTRAL MISSOURI,Otterville, January 23, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 22nd instant.* The Second Division marches to-morrow morning for Linn Creek. I fear there is a mistake about fords near that place which can be crossed at any season. Any ford over 3 feet in depth will render the passage of wagons loaded with baggage or supplies impracticable without great difficulty. No doubt Colonel Davis will find means to cross, but it will require time.

Before receiving your letter I had directed a scout to be made in the direction of Lexington and Waverly. I have sent nine companies of cavalry and a section of artillery to go to the neighborhood of Lexington, thence to Waverly, thence to Arrow Rock, and from the latter place to return direct to Sedalia. The expedition will be absent about eight days.

I receive frequent letters from Glasgow in relation to posting troops at that place. Unless the system of occupying every considerable or inconsiderable town in the State is to be adopted I do not see that Glasgow has any claims not advanced by Lexington, Booneville, &amp;c. Glasgow is important in some respects as a military position, but I think not as much so as Brunswick. As neither place, however, is within the limits of my command, I can only refer the matter for your consideration.

Posting troops in the towns has very much the same effect as issuing sugar and coffee to Dutch and Irish soldiers; what they never felt the want of before immediately becomes a necessity, and cannot possibly be dispensed with. Once station troops in these towns and it becomes nearly impossible to get them away for any service without great clamor from the inhabitants, who profit in more ways than protection from their presence.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Appendix, p. 827.

---------------

