
EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

January 23, 1862.

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Inclosed find copies of certain papers, showing an unfortunate condition of affairs in Fremont County, the southwestern county in this State. I am fully satisfied of the correctness of the facts states in the report of Colonel Nutt, and that the, if not the only, way to put down the feeling there that now endangers the public peace is, as he suggests, to arrest the rebels who have fled from Missouri into our State and some of these sympathizers on our side of the line and to also seize the property of those men brought into our State from Missouri. The secession feeling is strong in Fremont County, and, as the State authorities have no power to act in this class of cases, I request that you will give such full power and instructions to United States officers in this State and Missouri as will result in prompt and decided action. The United States district attorney for this State, Mr. Gurly, is, and for some time has been, in Washington, by reason of which the marshal, Mr. Hoxie, is deprived of his counsel.

If the marshal shall be directed to take any action in this matter, it will be necessary either that he be directed to act without consultation with the district attorney or that the district attorney return to the State.

Permit me again to impress upon you that, in my judgment, the safety of the people in the county of Fremont, from a troublesome border warfare, requires the prompt arrest of the rebels who have fled from Missouri and some of their sympathizers in this State and to seize the property of rebels in this State.

Very truly,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

January 8, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. HUNT,

Aide-de-Camp, &amp;c., Council Bluffs, Iowa:

SIR: I have just received a communication from citizens of Fremont County, of which the inclosed is a copy.*

You will immediately proceed to Sidney, in said county, and fully investigate the matters therein set forth. Consult Judge Sears and Colonel Hedges, and if you shall be satisfied the preservation of the public peace so requires, call into the service such of the volunteer companies of the county as may be necessary to that end and keep them in service as long as their services may be required. if, in your judgment, it shall be necessary to call out any military force, make them call first upon the company at Sidney.

Call for no more troops than in your best judgment will be necessary and keep them in service only so long as may be necessary. In this matter I must trust to your discretion, and I will hold you responsible for its sound exercise. Procure proper quarters for such troops as you may call out and make the best arrangements you can for their subsistence. You must make all your arrangements as economically

---------------

*Subinclosure omitted. Its substance indicated in Colonel Nutt's report, Inclosure Numbers 2.

---------------

