
give you further information upon this point at an early day. The parties named below are all either rank secessionists or rebel sympatizers, and I will make no distinction between them. It is enough to know that they are "not with us"-are not Union men.

Mr. John Pugh has 5 horses, owned in Missouri; owner's name unknown. Mr. Freeman has 2 horses; owner unknown. Mr. Baldwin has 2 horses; owner unknown. H. G. Bowen has 15 horses and mules, owned by Nicholas and Schouler. Nichols lives at Saint Stevens, Nebr., and has furnished the rebels in North Missouri with arms, and is a prominent rebel. Milton McCartners has 8 or 10 horses and mules; owner unknown. Mr. Welty has 8 or 10 horses and mules, owned by Mr. Holland, who lives near Rockport. The Heatt brothers have 6 horses, 60 hogs, and 25 or 30 cattle; owners' names unknown. They had consulted Mr. Cornish as to whether they could lawfully keep stock which belonged to secessionists in Missouri, for if they could they could make a large amount of money by so doing, as the secesh were willing to pay high prices. These men (Heatt) have 6 horses, owned by one Hall, who left Missouri in the night to save his property. Mr. Hollaway brought 25 horses and mules into this State, and has them scattered around at several places. Mr. Davis has 8 horses, belonging to a man in Rockport, name unknown; can be found and identified, as he is well known in Iowa. Mr. English (senator), some three weeks ago, went to Missouri and brought the personal property of one Poindexter, either the officer in Price's army or a brother; at all events a rabid rebel, and it is reported and believed in Sidney that Poindexter himself is about McKincock's Grove. Mr. Enlighs has a horse belonging to Poindexter now in his possession, but has sent him away from his own to a brother-in-law's for fear of jayhawking.

The above property has all of it been sent from Missouri to avoid seizure and confiscation by the Government. There have also been horses sent from Missouri lately by rebels who dared not leave their goods in Fremont County, and one lot of 40 went on, the man saying he was too near home in Fremont. I think that their are at the present time 100 to 125 horses in Fremont County, brought there by rebels to save them. Many place the number much higher, but from all my information I place the number as above.

In reply to your second question, I will say that by these acts I think the public peace is endangered, and I find all the Union men in Fremont are very certain it does, and say that unless it is stopped bloodshed will be the result. My reasons for thinking that it does endanger the public peace are that there is great danger of this property being pursued by jayhawkers and others, which would be almost certain to bring on a collision and bloodshed. Second, the accession of these rebels to the number of the same kind and their sympathizers in Fremont County increase the bitter feelings between the two parties, and which now requires but a word to bring on a civil strife in that county. As a sample, one John Cooper, of McKinsock's Grove, has, he says, 25 Missouri friends with him, and will shoot the first man who tries to arrest any of their number or seize a horse.

Questions 3 and 4 will answer together. On the night of December 30 a body of armed men from Missouri and Nebraska, under Captain Warren Price, who is said to be the leader of a band of jayhawkers, came to the house of T. F. Fugitt, between 10 or 12 p. m., for the purpose, as they avowed on their way, of seizing some horses which had been taken from Missouri and owned by rebels in Missouri. Several of

