
themselves innocent of the crime charged, they were induced to return home, which they did, and on their way arrested in Iowa a young man who had been in Price's army as a cook. The captain of Missouri troops claimed to have made this and other arrests which he made in Missouri the same day by order of the commanding officer at Saint Joe. The truth of this I do not know. What became of the prisoners taken from Iowa by the Missouri troops I was unable to learn.

In the mean time, on Saturday, January 4, a report having gone to Rockport that the civil authorities were going to give up the prisoners to the mob to be lynched, some 200 men from Atchison County and thereabouts started for the rescue. They crossed the line and came to Hamburg, where they were met by some 50 Iowa troops, who tore up the bridges and refused to let them pass. Here again was a very near approach to open hostilities between Iowa and Missouri citizens, but a flag of truce passed, and upon mutual explanation the Missouri men went home; did not go to Sidney at all.

The Union men of Missouri say that all the party who went into Missouri were secessionists, and that Iowa allows rebels to flee into her State to avoid punishment, and then allows secessionists to come to Missouri and arrest Union men without a shadow of law or right. I was able to disabuse them of this idea, or at least all I had a chance to talk with.

This feeling is particularly bitter between Union men in Missouri and the secesh sympathizers in McKinsock's Grove, who are nearly all that kind, and being so near the line increase the danger of collision. An armed guard is set out now in many neighborhoods to warn them of approach of enemies. I find, further, that many men who have been avowed rebels and hooted at all soldiers as Lincoln thieves are now very clamorous for armed protection, and now there is organized a company which has memorialized you for commissions and arms that are not safe to arm.

The board of supervisors of Fremont are secesh, and they, at their last meeting, passed a resolution instructing their chairmen, Mr. Sipple and Mr. Cornish, to transmit to you what they wanted. They got Mr. Cornish in to have some Union influence. The chairman of supervisors proposed a paper which did not suit Cornish, and he refused to sign it. Sipple then proposed another, which he would not show Cornish, and sent the same to you. It is supposed to be a request to commission, arm, and call in service their men at McKinsock's Grove. They are not the men to have State arms. I also telegraphed you not too commission Fremont militia. I found the infantry were all good men, with sound Union officers, but the mounted company was formed by Judge Rector, and is not sound.

One officer, Mr. Bovine, has since his election said that he was a secessionist, and he did not care who knew it. We want no such men with either arms or authority. I told Colonel Hedges that it should be disbanded and an infantry company put in its place, and told him that with as not legally organized, and it is not, as there has been no special authority granted, as is necessary, to organize any but infantry. I presume you will get the organization of another infantry company, which will make Colonel Hedges' regiment to maximum, when it should be commissioned at once.

I did not call any State troops, and will not, unless there should be an immediate necessity for their service, until I hear from you again. My reasons are, 1st the immediate danger of collision I believe to have passed, and, 2nd, that I doubt the policy of keeping an armed

