
can at Lebanon. I will try to squeeze out of the hospitals all I can, and, more or less, I will do the best I can, but I think Colonel Davis should be allowed to participate in the effort to avoid such hazards as we have before had occasion to deplore in that ill-fated region. With a fair, fresh force at Lebanon, horses well shod, and men confident of even chances, I can see Price will find it hard to move his wagons and artillery out of our way. Rather than a long, dangerous retreat, the chances are he will prefer a battle; but of this there must be uncertainty, as he will also feel disposed to increase his chances of escape by falling back to the support of McIntosh at Fayetteville.

If deemed necessary I can stop Colonel Davis at any moment, as I shall feel it my duty to do under these instructions if his services do not appear necessary, but in the mean time I calculate on his force as most likely to unite in the final venture.

With great respect, I remain, very truly, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

ROLLA, January 24, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAPTAIN: Advance of cavalry under Lieutenant-Colonel Wright reoccupied Lebanon on 22nd. Some 20 rebels fled. Lieutenant Pratt, First Missouri Cavalry, in pursuit; killed Captain Tom Craig in running fight and took 1 prisoner and found some rebel pork.

We have taken several prisoners within last week, and two or three a day have come in and surrendered.

Price and his generals quiet at Springfield.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQRS. OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 24, 1862.

Major-General HUNTER, U. S. A.,

Commanding Department Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: By direction of the General-in-Chief I have respectfully to inform you that Brigadier General J. H. Lane, U. S. Volunteers, has urged upon the President and Secretary of War an expedition to be conducted by him from Fort Leavenworth against the region west of Missouri and Kansas [Arkansas]. The outlines of his plan were stated by him to be in accordance with your own views. The following force, with supplies therefor, has been ordered to Kansas to operate under General Lane: Seven regiments cavalry, three batteries artillery, four regiments infantry, and he has been authorized also to raise about 8,000 to 10,000 Kansas troops and to organize 4,000 Indians.

The General-in-Chief, in conveying to you this information, desires it to be understood that a command independent of you is not given to General Lane, but he is to operate to all proper extent under your supervision and control, and if you deem proper you may yourself command the expedition which may be undertaken. Under these circumstances the General will not give you a formal leave according to your applica-

