
plus room in the knapsack must be reserved for ammunition and provisions. Every officer and soldier will carry his own clothing and bedding.

3. The general commanding has applied to the Government for six brigadier-generals, that his command may be properly organized. Until their arrival it is necessary that he should appoint acting brigadier-generals from the senior colonels. To enable him to do this, in accordance with the order on the subject, each colonel will immediately report the day on which he was mustered into the service of the United States.

D. HUNTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

See the President, Secretary of War, and General McClellan, and answer what I shall do.

J. H. LANE.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

January 27, 1862.

Honorable WM. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I inclose herewith copies of a letter from myself to Colonel Nutt, dated January 14, 1862, and his reply, dated January 24, 1862, concerning the same subject touching which I wrote you on the 23rd instant. I am strengthened in the opinion there expressed, that some of the rebels escaped from Missouri and some of their aiders and abettors in our State should be arrested by military authority, and that the property brought into our State to escape the officers of the United States in Missouri should be taken possession of and legally dealt with. I am also satisfied this should be done by United States officers, supported by United States troops. The secession feeling is, as I am credibly informed and fully believe, very strong in Fremont County. The Union men there and in Missouri are greatly exasperated that rebels from Missouri who have been completed to fly from that State because of these outrages on Union men should find as asylum and protection in this State, and I am well satisfied that if these people cannot be dealt with in some way legally, the jayhawkers will take the matter in their own hands and a small border war will ensue.

I have sent copies of the correspondence between Colonel Nutt and myself to General Halleck, with the request to lay them before the Governor of Missouri, as I do not know where to address him.

Please consult the Iowa delegation in Congress on this subject, and permit me to suggest that prompt and decided action will have a decidedly beneficial influence.

If arrests be made, the officer should be supported by United States troops.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

January 14, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel H. C. NUTT,

Aide-de-camp, &amp;c., Council Bluffs, Iowa:

SIR: Since writing you a few days since in regard to the difficulty in Fremont County I have learned that troops from Missouri have been to Sidney and demanded the surrender into their hands of the persons arrested on suspicion of having assaulted Mr. Fugitt; that the authorities in charge of the prisoners very properly refused to surrender

