
them; that the Missouri troops, on their return, arrested in this State and took with them to Missouri one or more citizens of this State, and that such a state of feeling exists in Fremont County and in Atchison County, Mo., that there is imminent danger of collision between people.

In addition to the duties required by my former order, you will proceed as soon as possible to Atchison County, and call upon the person who may be in command of the State or United States troops there. You will exhibit to him my former letter of instructions to you and this letter. A system of reprisals between the States must not be allowed to grow up. Our people must not enter Missouri, as was done a few days since, arrest persons and bring them to this State for trial, and people from Missouri must not demand prisoners in the hands of the civil authorities of this State or arrest persons in this State and carry them to Missouri for trial. Such state of things can produce but one result, and that is a border war.

If the person arrested by the men from Iowa, and who has not been discharged, is not in the hands of the civil authorities, I would at once order his discharge. If the man or men arrested by the returning Missouri troops are not in the hands of the civil authorities of Missouri, you are instructed to ask his or their discharge.

Men in Iowa who have violated the laws of Missouri in that State can be reached in this State by requisition from the Governor of Missouri. All men may rest assured the authorities of Iowa will not make their State an asylum for rebels and traitors, and that all such will be promptly surrendered when legally applied for. The action of Iowa has thus far, I think, given the loyal men of Missouri no ground to doubt the good faith of her authorities.

You will present these views plainly, but kindly, to the officer in command in Atchison County and to other loyal citizens there, and communicate as freely with them as you can in coversation. Inform all that jayhawking expeditions into our State cannot be permitted under the claim of taking the property of rebels. The evil result of such course must be apparent. All information showing that such persons are in our State and in regard to their property will be placed at once in the hands of the United States officers for legal action, and they can thus be legally dealt with. Nothing herein contained is intended to countermand anything contained in my former letter. You may show both letters in Sidney, so that all may know what I intend. As soon as I receive your report I will write to Governor Gamble. Your early attention to these matters and your speedy report is expected.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

COUNCIL BLUFFS, January 24, 1862.

Honorable SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Des Moines:

SIR: In obedience to your letter of instructions, dated January 14, 1862, I went to Atchison County, Mo., last Monday, and have spent several days there, and will now give you such additional particulars as I gained while there. I found the prisoner who had been arrested by the Missouri troops in Iowa released on parole. He is a Hungarian of more than ordinary intelligence. I saw him, and learned he had been in Price's army, having been induced to go there by wealthy rebels, who agreed to support his family whilst he was away. He says

