
he soon saw he was on the wrong side. When General Fremon's proclamation of amnesty was issued he left for home, but fearing violence from the loyal Germans in Rockport, went to Iowa. He says he was glad to be arrested, as he can now be with his family and be protected by troops. I told him if he desired I could have him released and he could return to Iowa with me, which he declined. I afterwards learned from the officer in command he had orders for his release from Saint Joseph upon taking the oath. He is now at liberty.

I also saw the officer in command of the State troops, and had a very free and plain conversation with him and other loyal men in regard to the invasion of Iowa. I do not think these troops have done much to stop jayhawking, but have not taken sides with them. These troops have now gone below to be mustered out, as they are six-months' men. Whether they will be replaced by Federal troops I did not learn.

On my way to Missouri I found at Sidney an intense excitement. There was said to be a reliable report that the jayhawkers had met on Sunday near Sidney Landing, and has agreed upon Monday or Tuesday night as the time to "clean out" McKinsock's Grove. I was met be a petition, signed by nearly every one along the line, calling for immediate help. A messenger had been sent for me, and the prominent Union men were in council at Judge Sears' to decide what should be done. I told them I was there on my way to Missouri, and if I saw or heard anything to justify me, I would return at once. I was in doubt in regard to these reports, and would call out the militia only as a last resort to repel invasion or preserve the public peace.

On my way to Rockport I became satisfied that the danger was not so imminent as had been represented, and I learned from those that I thought knew that there was no armed force in Atchison County at least. As soon as I had completed my business at Rockport I procured conveyance and took with me a good loyal farmed and proceeded to visit several of the men who had been arrested and taken t o Iowa. I saw four of these men who were arrested by English and his party, one of them, William Lewis, a man who is called by the secessionists of Fremont County a jayhawker. Ii am satisfied, from all I can learn, he has been and perhaps still is cognizant of all the movements of the jayhawkers, but I am equally well satisfied he never goes with them and was not at Fugitt's, but I think he knew they were going to Fugitt's. He is the leader and controlling spirit among the loyal men in Northern Missouri. He is a man of wealth, a little hard and rough, perhaps, but is loyal. He says boldly a jayhawker is a better man then a secessionist. He is very bitter against English and the leaders in kidnaping.

I had a long interview with this man. He says he has been outraged by men from Iowa and says he shall have his revenge. I told him plainly what were your views and that no invasion of Iowa would be permitted for any purpose, but that any one who had violated the laws of Missouri could be reached in Iowa in a legal manner. He seemed pleased, and said if the authorities of Iowa would act in that spirit it was all he and his friends desired. He seemed to be well aware of the result of the invading of either State, but such men he said must be reached, and the jayhawkers were the only ones who had reached them as yet. I told him you had not been aware, until the attack at Fugitt's, that rebels had left Missouri and gone to Iowa, and that you were now taking steps to stop it. This seemed to put a new face on matters, and he said plainly that they would try legal means first, and pledged himself to me that he would use his influence to prevent Kan

