
Awaiting further orders, I remain, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. NUTT.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, January 28, 1862.

To our Great Father, the President of the United States:

FATHER: We are told by our friends that there is some doubt as to whether the great war chief, General Lane, will command the expedition to our country.

Our object in having this letter sent to you is to beg that General Lane be placed in command of that expedition, as we believe no warrior can place us in possession of our country again as effectually as he can. Our people have heard of General Lance many seasons ago. They have heard how with but a handful of warriors he beat back the enemy when they were as numerous as the leaves of the forest and restored peace and quiet to Kansas.

Our people have been told that he would come with an army to restore them to their homes and to avenge the great wrong they have suffered.

It has made their hearts glad to hear it.

Our people have suffered a great deal. They have been driven from their homes in the dead of winter when the earth was clothed with white. Many of them have frozen to death. All of them have lost all they possessed.

There are now 6,000 women and children in Southern Kansas without tents, but scantily clothed, and exposed to all the horrors of a severe winter.

Our agents have done and are now doing all they can to relieve us, but we leave comfortable homes in our own country and we wish to be restored to them.

General Lane is our friend. His heart is big for the Indian. He will do more for us than any one else. The hearts of our people will be sad if he does not come. They will follow him wherever he directs. They will sweep the rebels before them like a terrible fire on the dry prairie.

We beg our Great Father and our great war chief, General McClellan, that they will listen to the prayers of their children.

HO-PO-EITH-LE-YO-HO-LA, his + mark,

Head Chief of the Creek Nation.

A-LUK-TUS-TE-NU-KE, his + mark,

Head Chief of the Seminola Nation.

Attest:

GEO. A. CUTLER,

United States Agent for the Creek Indians.

[Indorsement.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION, February 4, 1862.

Major-General McCLELLAN:

MY DEAR SIR: The President directs me to send you the inclosed, with his respectfully salutations.

JOHN HAY,

Assistant Private Secretary.

