
VII. Ten days' rations (two days' cooked) will be carried with each column, and a supply train of 25 wagons will accompany the columns to Booneville Jefferson City, and a train of 10 wagons the command of Colonel Stevenson to Lexington. The garrison at Lexington will draw its supplies from Sedalia. The chief quartermaster and chief commissary of the district will see that these trains are furnished, loaded with supplies, and sent to join their respective columns.

The train for the column marching on Jefferson City will join it at Tipton and be loaded with supplies at Jefferson City. The train for the command which crosses at Booneville will be loaded at Tipton and sent to that place under escort of a company of Merril's Horse, which Colonel Steele will send to Tipton immediately for that purpose. Two-sevenths of salt meat only will be taken; the remainder of the meat ration will be fresh beef on the hoof, to be turned over to the acting commissaries of the respective columns. A supply train will also be sent with the nine companies of Merrill's Horse, which train, as soon as its supplies are delivered at the points specified in written instructions to the commanding officer of this cavalry, will return to Tipton.

VIII. The chief quartermaster of the district will take immediate measures to have all quartermaster's stores at Sedalia and Otterville not needed for the garrisons of these posts to be removed to Jefferson City, and will instruct the depot quartermaster at that place to receipt for and take charge of them.

The only wagons left in this district along the line of railroad will be a small supply train of 25 wagons at Tipton and the regimental trains. Such number of ox-wagons as may be necessary to keep the post at La Mine supplies with forage will be left at Otterville.

IX. Captain Brown, assistant quartermaster at Sedalia, after sending the quartermaster's stores not absolutely needed for that post to Jefferson City, as directed, will repair to Otterville, and relieve Captain J. A. Swain, acting quartermaster, who upon being relied will report to these headquarters.

The post quartermaster at Sedalia will be designated by the commander of the post and will receipt to Captain Brown for all quartermaster's stores at that place.

X. The commissaries of subsistence at Sedalia, La Mine, Tipton, and California will draw their supplies from the depot at Jefferson City; the assistant commissary of subsistence at Sedalia keeping stores enough on hand to supply the garrison of Lexington.

XI. The commanding officer at La Mine will, as soon as the movements of the troops are completed, designate some artillery officer to take charge of the ordnance stores now in the hands of the quartermaster at Ottervile, and have them deposited and cared for in the magazine to be built at La Mine Cantonment.

XII. The companies of Merrill's Horse designated in the letter of instructions to the commanding officer of that regiment will draw supplies from Tipton for the present, and the assistant commissary of subsistence at that post will accordingly keep on hand the necessary subsistence stores for 500 men for fifteen days, exclusive of the garrison at that post.

XIII. The sick of the regiments thus put in motion will be sent to Saint Louis, Mo., in charge of a medical officer, to be designated by the division surgeon at these headquarters, who will specify and have detailed such hospital attendants as may be necessary to accompany them.

The division surgeon will notify the medical director in Saint Louis

