
two days in advance of the time the sick will arrive in Saint Louis and their number.

Commanders of regiments will be held accountable that a separate descriptive roll be furnished to each sick man thus sent. The men to sick to be moved will be taken charge of by the post surgeons, who will send them forward to Saint Louis as soon as they are able to travel.

By order of General Pope:

[SPEED BUTLER,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT CENTRAL MISSOURI,Otterville, January 30, 1862.

To the COMMANDING OFFICER OF MERRILL'S HORSE:

You will cross the river at Booneville and march to Glasgow with your whole command. It is reported that young Price and Colonel Jackson are recruiting in that neighborhood. As soon as you are satisfied that you have broken up all such parties in vicinity of Glasgow you will establish five companies of your command in comfortable winter quarters at that place, using such public buildings, store-houses, and stables as are best adapted for that purpose. Your other four companies you will in like manner post at Fayette. A train of wagons will be at Booneville on the 5th of February, on which day you will have at least one company on the opposite side of the river to receive and escort the train to Glasgow.

You will establish your headquarters at Glasgow, Fayette being considered an outpost of your command. The train will carry you supplies for one month. You will move as rapidly as possible to Glasgow, as the presence of forces is much needed there.

I send you a note for Colonel Worthington at Booneville, so that you may have no delay in crossing the river.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, ILL., January 30, 1862.

J. P. SANFORD, U. S. N.:

SIR: You will immediately proceed to Cincinnati and examine thoroughly several steamers, with a view of purchasing one large or rather two small steamers for the mortar boats and gunboats. These steamers must be less than four years old, of great strength, of good engines, and not less than 1,000 tons burden, and not to exceed in cost $15,000 for each vessel.

You will also have these steamers fitted for the purpose of carrying ammunition, provisions, and the men to be attached to the mortar boats. This must be done at as little expense as will prepare them to answer the object of their purchase.

You will also select for each of these steamers one first master, one fourth master, two pilots to be paid as first masters, one carpenter at $40 per month, one chief engineer, who will furnish three assistants and run the engine, including his own pay, for $275 per month. You will also direct the first master to procure twelve firemen at $215 per month, cook and steward at $20 per month, three cabin boys at $14 per month. You will also select twenty flat-boat pilots at $90 per month for each pilot, and four flat-boat men for each boat, independently of the pilot, at $18 per month.

