HEADQUARTERS, CAPE GIRARDEAU,January 21, 1862.

GENERAL: In addition to the report of yesterday I desire to add that the expedition to Bloomfield was originally assigned to Major Livingston, Eleventh Missouri Volunteer Infantry, designing to give a command to each of the majors at this post. Before the expedition started, however, Major L. was taken sick, and the command was turned over to Captain Murdoch. In order to properly arm the cavalry that was sent I had to obtain the temporary loan of some rifles from the Eleventh Missouri Volunteers, leaving a portion of that regiment for the time unarmed. I earnestly hope that the cavalry regiment at this post will be armed as early as practicable, as we must rely almost wholly upon them to hold in check the roving bands of robbers and plunderers infesting Southeast Missouri. I would like to take a regiment of infantry, some artillery, and cavalry, and hold Bloomfield for a few days, until those men could be driven from the State. The roads are so heavy below that there is no danger of re-enforcements being sent from New Madrid or Columbus. There are reports of Price moving eastward near Arkansas line. I have heard nothing, however, reliable. Have you any such information?

Your obedient servant,

L. F. ROSS, Colonel.

Brigadier General U. S. GRANT, Cairo, Ill.

JANUARY 20-24, 1862.-Operations in and about Atchison, Kans.

Report of Captain Irving W. Fuller, First Missouri Cavalry.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANS.,

January 28, 1862.

Abridged report of Captain I. W. Fuller, First Missouri Cavalry, in command of a detachment of First Missouri Cavalry detached from this post by virtue of the following orders, viz:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 57. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., January 20, 1862.

Captain Fuller, Company E, First Missouri Cavalry, will proceed with his command to Atchison, and there report to Honorable J. H. Fairchild, mayor of Atchison City, with whom he will confer and co-operate in all measures necessary to maintain the peace of Atchison City and County and arresting any irregular bands or bodies of armed men who may be depredating on the public or contravening the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 5, issued from these headquarters, bearing date January 7, 1862. He will remain at Atchison until further orders.

By order of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

And in pursuance of the following orders, to wit:

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 58. For Leavenworth, January 20, 1862.

I. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 57, from these headquarters of this day's date, as orders Captain Fuller, Company E, First Missouri Cavalry, to report to Mayor Fair child at Atchison City, is hereby revoked. Captain Fuller, with his entire command, will report to Deputy United States Marshal Hook, but in all other respects will carry out the provisions of Special Orders, Numbers 57.

