
advises all were about starting, and I am urging them not to stop for storms. Colonel Davis was expected to reach Linn Creek to-day, and my officers that best understand the enemy unhesitatingly express their conviction that this force is absolutely necessary. I therefore suppose he is crossing, as my picket held the ferry-boats safe till his advance arrived there. The Ninth Iowa has gotten over the worst of the road, having been out in the worst of the weather. The storms continue, but our men and animals so far bear up with great fortitude and success. Delay is inevitable, but it will be as little as possible. While I shall urge great energy and perseverance, I try to avoid breaking down teams and overworking animals; and so far I have herd of no accident or losses of any movement. The safe arrival of quartermaster's funds will enable Captain Sheridan to accelerate his supply business, which is still the great matter of anxiety with me.

I remain, &amp;c.,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ROLLA, February 2, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK:

No forces at Salem. General Curtis ordered them all away. I have only my own regiment to hold this post. One thousand sick left behind for me to take care of.

J. B. WYMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 28. Saint Louis, February 2, 1862.

Several companies of the Fourth Regiment of Missouri Volunteers lately called the Third U. S. Reserve Corps, having shown themselves mutinous and disobedient of orders, have been disarmed and placed in confinement at Benton Barracks. The privates and non-commissioned officers of these companies will be sent under a suitable guard to Cairo to work on the fortifications at that place until further orders. The commanding officer of that post will see that these companies are made to work faithfully on the fortifications, and will report to these headquarters the names of any who, by their repentance and obedience to orders and discipline, deserve pardon and restoration to military rank and respect.

The officers of these companies have not joined in this mutinous demonstration, but they have failed or neglected to enforce order, obedience, and military discipline. They will therefore be mustered out of service and discharged.

The major-general commanding this department is always willing to listen to complaints and ready to redress well-founded grievances; but at the same time he is determined to enforce discipline and obedience to orders, and any companies, regiments, or corps which shall hereafter disobey orders or exhibit a mutinous disposition will be dealt with in a most summary manner. The Rules and Articles of War in respect to mutiny will be rigorously enforced.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLean,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

