
Colonel Davis expected to complete his crossing last night, so as to resume his march this morning.

Some horseshoeing and overhauling of stores may be required here, which will be hurried on as fast as possible.

Colonel Osterhaus will move forward 6 or 8 miles with his brigade to-day.

For a change, we have a little sunshine this morning.

I remain, &amp;c.,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 29. Otterville, February 5, 1862.

A column, to consist of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Illinois, the Twenty-fourth Indiana, and Powell's battery of Missouri Light Artillery, all under command of Colonel A. P. Hovey, Twenty-fourth Indiana, will march from this camp for Jefferson City on Friday morning, the 7th instant, at 8 o'clock. Rations for eight days (two cooked and carried in the haversacks and six in the regimental wagons) will be carried with the command. A supply train of 25 wagons will accompany the command, empty as far as Jefferson City, where they will be loaded with subsistence. Fresh beef will be taken on the hoof from Tipton for twelve days.

Every preparation will be made so as to assure the march of the column at the time specified.

The major of the First Missouri Light Artillery on duty on duty at La Mine Cantonment will report in person to these headquarters.

Written instructions will be furnished to the command officer of the forces ordered to march.

By order of General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 6, 1862.

Brigadier General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding, &c., Lebanon, Mo.:

GENERAL: Yours of the 2nd is just received. I am glad to hear you are getting on so well. I knew what a winter campaign would be and advised delay, but the administration have "On to Richmond" fever, and we must go ahead.

Advices from General Pope state that Davis had got all his forces across the Osage on the 4th, so he will soon be with you. I was sorry to lose him, but necessary you must have him, of course. I am greatly pressed for troops, and am raking and scraping all I can find to send south.

The Union flag is again flying in Tennessee and we are bombarding Fort Henry. Beauregard, it is said, arrived there last night at 10 o'clock.

I lave Price to you. I have Johnston, Polk, Beauregard, and Hardee to deal with. My movement up the Tennessee forced the enemy to detach 10,000 men yesterday, and if General Buell moves forward at

