
the same time they must abandon that place and fall back in the direction of Nashville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Lebanon, February 6, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I send forward 29 prisoners, including 2 captains and 1 quartermaster, taken at different times and places in this vicinity.

A small party went into Marshfield and secured 3,000 pounds of flour belonging to the rebels.

Generals Sigel and Asboth have crossed the Gasconade and are within 14 miles.

No further news from Colonel Davis. A picket 12 miles northwest, at Bennett's Mill, was menaced last night, and I sent out more force. No news from it this morning.

Reports come in that Price is intrenching himself 10 miles this side of Springfield. Doubtful.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, SOUTHWESTERN DIST. MO.,Camp Vernon, February 6, 1862.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding S. W. Dist., Department of the Mo.:

GENERAL: In connection with my report of yesterday, numbered 397,* I have the honor to state that I have arrived with my whole command, and am now encamped at the eastern end of the town of Lebanon, on the hills north of the Waynesville road.

Despite the overladen wagons and hardly practicable roads in the many river crossings, I occupied but six days from the time of my departure from Rolla to that of my arrival here. At the Little Pinky and Roubidoux Rivers I was obliged to construct bridges for the infantry. At the Big Piney I had to unload the commissary train and bring the infantry over by wagons. At the Gasconade they were transported in a ferry-boat of your providing.

The cavalry, artillery, and trains everywhere forded the rivers, with the exception of the Big Piney, where I considered it proper to transfer the ammunition to regulation wagons.

My force consists of the remainder of the Fourth Division, which I had the honor of commanding for the last five months, viz: The First Brigade of Acting Brigadier-General Albert, now temporarily commanded by Colonel Joliat, comprising the Fifteenth Missouri Infantry, the First Flying Battery, and Company A of the Fourth Missouri Cavalry, and the Second Brigade of Acting Brigadier-General Carr, temporarily commanded by Colonel Schaefer, comprising the Second Missouri Volunteers, Second Ohio Battery, and a company of the Third Illinois Cavalry.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

35 R R-VOL VIII

