
The balance of the two cavalry regiments preceded the division upon a cavalry expedition under Acting Brigadier-General Carr.

The First and Second U. S. Reserve Corps were left behind by your orders to guard the railroad beyond Rolla, and two pioneer companies, under Captains Gerster and Krausnick, are building, under directions of Lieutenant Hoeppner, the bridge across the Gasconade a the mouth of the Little Piney River.

To restore the division if not to its original strength, as promised by Generals Fremont and Hunter, at least to that numerical force with which I conducted it from Springfield to Rolla, I would respectfully ask that the cavalry here and near Lebanon be returned to it and the two Reserve Corps infantry regiments replaced by others, and that Captain Gerster's pioneer company be restored to the division, to repair roads and construct bridges when required.

I left Rolla with 85 regulations teams, 7 two-horse teams 5 ambulances, and 2 apothecary wagons. Twenty-seven regulation teams were loaded with commissary supplies. The balance of the teams are apportioned to the respective commands in accordance with the numerical strength.

As Captain McKay, late quartermaster of the Fourth Division, was ordered to transfer more than 70 six-mule and four-horse Government teams to the post quartermaster at Rolla at the beginning of January, 25 of the teams used on the march were ordered by the post quartermaster at Rolla from General Sigel's Third Division, and 10 were given, in accordance with your orders, by Colonel Wyman from his regiment, under my obligation to return them, and in this relation I would beg also your orders.

For the troops with me I am still provided with five days' rations, but have no forage, and my acting quartermaster, Captain Bensberg, was directed by the post commissary, Captain Winslow, to collect forage for himself.

The health of the troops is remarkably good and they are ready to march to-morrow, but I have lost several horses and mules by over exertion and cold, and shall have to replace them.

In closing, I beg to mention the zeal, activity, and indefatigable exertions of both commanders of my batteries, Captain Elbert, of the First Flying Battery, and First Lieutenant Chapman, in command of the Second Ohio Battery. They worked day and night, and it is to heir merit that the batteries are here.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Fourth Division.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, February 6, 1862.

Honorable THOMAS L. PRICE, Honorable JAMES S. ROLLINS,

Representatives from Missouri:

GENTLEMEN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt last evening of your letter of that date* respecting the outrages alleged to have been committed against Union men in Missouri by a force under Colonel Jenninson.

Your communication will be submitted to the President without delay, and I beg you to be assured that no effort on the part of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

