
Government will be spared to protect the Union men and loyal citizens of Missouri from all illegal force and lawless violence, come from what quarter it may.

Your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Lebanon, February 8, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON:

CAPTAIN: Most of my force has arrived. The Benton Hussars (cavalry) at last accounts were at Rolla and I suppose they are en route. The Forty-third Illinois, promised in the general's letter, and the Curtis Horse I have given up, although by following and supporting my line of communication they will probably be very useful. Colonel Davis sent the steamboat from Linn Creek down to Jefferson City with a request that General McKean would send a boat load of commissary stores back to Linn Creek.

There are Home Guards enough to hold that place, and supplies would be much more accessible to this place or Springfield if located there; meantime the supplies of the country are coming in, so that rivers and bad roads are not giving to starve us back. Although each division has a terrible narrative of trying events of "flood and field" on their way, our stock have not broken down and we have lost nothing.

Some dysentery has broken out. I was right sick yesterday myself, but I am well to-day, and the general health and spirits of the troops continue good. I am busy overhauling matters-shoeing horses and mules-expecting to resume the forward march as early as Monday. It has again turned cold and the roads are frozen quite solid.

The enemy was quiet at Springfield at last account; probably receiving some re-enforcements from their call for volunteers for twenty days, but not many.

I remain, &amp;c.,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 8, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

Your energy and ability receive the strongest commendation of this Department. You have my perfect confidence and may rely upon the utmost support in your undertakings. The pressure of my engagements here prevented me from writing, but I shall do so fully in a day or two.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 17. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., February 8, 1862.

I. The civil authorities of Kansas being manifestly unable to preserve the peace and give due security to life and property, and having in various instances notified the general commanding of their inability

