
to uphold the laws unassisted by the military arm, and the crime of armed depredations or jayhawking having reached a height dangerous to the peace and property of the whole State and seriously comprising the Union cause in the border counties of Missouri: Now, therefore, martial law is declared throughout the State of Kansas and will be enforced with vigor.

II. It is not intended by this declaration to interfere with or supersede the action of the civil authorities in cases of the ordinary nature with which said civil authorities may be competent to deal, but it is the resolve of the general commanding that the crime of jayhawking shall be put down with a strong hand and by summary process, and for this purpose the trial of all prisoners charged with armed depredations against property or assaults upon life will be conducted before the military commissions provided for in General Orders, Numbers 12, of this department, current series, and the interference of the civil authorities in such cases is prohibited.

III. A suitable provost-marshal, with the necessary officers and force, will immediately be appointed to carry out the terms of this order.

By order of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, February 9, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE, Jefferson City:

If troops have crossed the river, send any regiments that remain on this side by railroad. They are greatly wanted on the Tennessee. Telegraph, and I will send you as much transportation as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI,Lebanon, February 9, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON, Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Paymasters arrived last night and may delay my movement till Tuesday. Shall consult my officers as to the propriety of moving when some are paid and some not.

The flouring-mill of this place was stopped yesterday by the breaking a cog-wheel. To avoid scarcity of flour, I immediately gave n order to reduce the flour ration 4 ounces; also that of salt pork 12 ounces, and in lieu of this and other reductions ordered double rations of fresh beef and pork, meat bring abundant in the country.

I also ordered forward cavalry to occupy Marshfield and start the mill in that place to grinding for us. I will inclose a copy of my order in relation to the change of ration, which seems to me necessary to avoid possible necessities and consequent occasion for irregular foraging.

We have just heard of the taking of Fort Henry, on the Tennessee River, by our troops, and rejoice at the news of another victory in the Department of the Missouri.

The telegraph wires reached Waynesville yesterday.

I remain, very truly, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

