
[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DIST. OF MO., Numbers 75. Lebanon, Mo., February 7, 1862.

The commanding general tenders to the troops in this command his hearty commendation for the energy and endurance manifested on the march to this place.

You have moved during the coldest and most stormy period of a cold winter, and so far brought your trains and equipments through snow, mud, floods, and frost without his hearing of a murmur and without the loss of property or men.

But the success of this winter campaign now requires a further draught on the patience and fortitude of this army. We must strip for a forced march and final conflict.

Six days' light rations and necessary covering must be condensed in a special train, to be ready for the occasion. This ration must be hard bread, flour, hominy, rice, desiccated potatoes, and mixed vegetables, sugar, coffee, and salt. Pinole (ground parched corn and sugar) ought to be procured.

The commissary will provide on the way whatever extra rations of fresh pork and beef the soldiers may need, so as to save these transported rations.

The rations can only by cooked of nights, and some beef should be jerked (dried over a slow fire) to carry in the haversack, to be eaten with pinole. If officers men will carry out this order in good faith they will avoid danger of suffering and greatly enhance the efficiency of our force.

The camp equipment, most of the cooking utensils, change of clothing, and most of the tents, trunks, and boxes must all be left with the remainder of the regimental wagons, which, with full supplies of provisions, will be pressed forward by the quartermaster as fast as circumstances will allow.

On the forced march the commanding general will limit himself to these restrictions of food and clothing.

The teams for this train for the forced march should be selected and each wagon not loaded over 2,000.

Thus arranged, the trains will be separated and inspected by regimental officers, and the number for each properly reported through commanders of divisions to these headquarters as soon as completed.

By order of Brigadier General S. R. Curtis:

T. I. McKENNY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DIST. OF MO., Numbers 78. Lebanon, Mo., February 8, 1862.

During the present winter campaign the difficulty of procuring flour and the abundance of fresh meat in the country justifies, in the opinion of the commanding general, a reduction of the flour ration 4 ounces and in the salt meat ration 12 ounces, and in lieu of this reduction and such other articles as the men do not need or cannot procure double rations of fresh beef and pork will be furnished by the commissary department.

A pound of corn meal costs about one-fifth of a pound of flour, and

