
when meal can be procured and the troops desire it the commissary will issue 3 pounds in lie of a ration of flour.

By order of Brigadier General S. R. Curtis:

T. I. McKENNY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, LEBANON, MO., Numbers 80. February 9, 1862.

For the purpose of reorganizing and properly arranging the force in the District of Southwestern Missouri the following assignment of troops is prescribed:

I. The Benton Hussars are attached to what has formerly been known as the Third Division, and this division will hereafter be denominated the First Division.

II. The Fourth Missouri Cavalry, Colonel Waring commanding, is attached to the division heretofore denominated the Fourth Division. Colonel Schaefer is appointed commander of the First Brigade of the division, and Brigadier-General Asboth commanding division.

III. The two divisions thus designated are placed under the general command of Brigadier-General Sigel.

IV. The First Missouri Cavalry, under Colonel Ellis, is assigned to the division of Colonel Jefferson C. Davis, which will be designated as the Third Division.

V. The Third Illinois Cavalry, the Ninth Iowa, a nd Dubuque Battery will constitute a brigade, to be commanded by Colonel William Vandever; the brigade now commanded by Colonel Dodge and the brigade thus organized under Colonel Vandever will constitute the Fourth Division, to be commanded by Colonel Carr.

VI. The remaining troops of this command, the Thirteenth Illinois, commanded by Colonel Wyman, Colonel Phelps' regiment, Bowen's battalion, the Curtis Horse, and other troops not here designated will report to these headquarters until otherwise ordered.

By order of Brigadier General S. R. Curtis:

T. I. McKENNY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DIST. OF MO., Numbers 81. Lebanon, February 9, 1862.

The troops of this command will resume their march forward to-morrow morning as early as commanders of divisions can complete their arrangements.

The First and Second Division, under the command of Brigadier-General Sigel, will proceed by the usual road leading to Springfield as far as the forks west of Tindall's farm, 1 1/2 miles west of Faulkner's Hill, when he will take the left-hand road, proceeding to Marshfield.

The Third Division, Colonel Davis commanding, will proceed from his present camp, intersecting Springfield road at Benton and Hughart's, thence following the Springfield road to Ozark to Saint Luke, diverging from that vicinity so as to arrive at Pleasant Prairie, north of Marshfield.

The Fourth Division, Colonel Carr commanding, will proceed to the

