
left by way of Jericho, leaving Woodburn to the left and taking position on the left of Marshfield.

All the commands will try so to arrange their marches as to arrive in the vicinity of Marshalfield Tueasday at 4 o'clock. The men should have one day's rations in their haversacks and six days' rations as prescribed in my order, Numbers 75.

The quartermaster and commissary will exert their utmost to procure supplies of forage for their animals at each encampment, especial attention being given to the trains of the batteries.

The double rations to the trains of the batteries.

The double rations of fresh beef and pork is also specially directed to be procured by the proper commissary of division or regiments if the arrangements of contractors do not seem certain and adequate.

Special attention is also again directed to Order, Numbers 3, concerning pilfering and plundering. There is no need of this when the proper officers are thus empowered and expected to secure all requisite supplies.

Each division will provide proper advance guards and flankers, but being in there parallel lines, instruct their scouts so as to avoid attacks of their own friends.

Commanders of divisions will report to these headquarters as often as convenient, headquarters being movable on the central line.

By order of Brigadier General S. R. Curtis:

T. I. McKENNY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington, February 10, 1862.

Major-General HUNTER and Brigadier-General LANE,

Leavenworth, Kans.:

My wish has been and is to avail the Government of the services of both General Hunter and General Lane, and, so far as possible, to personally oblige both. General Hunter is the senior officer and must command when they serve together; though in so far as he can, consistently with the public service and his own honor, oblige General Lane, he will also oblige me. If they cannot come to an amicable understanding, General Lane must report to General Hunter for duty, according to the rules, or decline the service.

A. LINCOLN.
HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Marshfield, February 10, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The Iowa cavalry are not needed at Rolla; they are needed here. I wish the general would allow them to come forward. Van Dorn is moving up to join Price. Shall try to prevent junction. My columns are arriving there. Let the cavalry re-enforce me. Van Dorn has promised 30,000 or 40,000 at Springfield very soon. Expects to be there with 10,000 by the 15th. These are the hopes and expectations of the enemy. I move on to attack in detail.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

