
of civilized nations. I would therefore request the policy of the Government for my guidance in dealing with questions of this nature.

To what extent can the right of confiscation legally be carried, and by what tribunal, civil or military, are there questions that will naturally arise to be decided, that the innocent will not suffer while punishing the guilty, and that the dignity and justice of the Government may not be at the mercy of individuals governed by cupidity or revenge? This question has assumed such proportions that it will require vigorous means and well-defined authority to suppress or direct its application.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, February 11, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE,Jefferson City:

A train leaves to-night to bring down one regiment to-morrow; another must be ready for Thursday, and the Third Battery for Saturday. No delay must occur; they must be ready to start immediately. We have stirring times in Kentucky and Tennessee, and want every man we can get.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, Febuary 12, 1862-3 p. m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN:

It is reported that Van Dorn, with a large force, is marching from Fort Smith to re-enforce Price, and that General Frost is moving from Pocahontas in the same direction. I shall immediately move the forces it Ironton to Doniphan, to either force Frost to return, or attack and destroy the depot at Pocahontas. Please answer about Ohio battery and other troops ordered from this department to Kansas. Can I use them? I greatly need them at this moment.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Camp at Pearson's Creek, February 12, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I received the general's approving letter of the 6th at Marshfield this morning, just as I started on this weary day's march. It relieved me from anxiety in regard to the Davis division and flushed me with new hope in the coming crisis.

My advance was fired on at 10.30 a. m. by scouts. One of the rebels was wounded, probably mortally. As we advanced the enemy occasionally appeared in force and was fired on by my mountain howitzers and pursued. One of our men is wounded, probably mortally, and one or two are missing at last accounts.

Price was still very quiet in Springfield at 10 a. m. to-day. Frost's

