
diately repair to Fort Leavenworth and report to General Hunter as a part of General Lane's expedition. No notice of such orders was given to me. To put a stop to these irregularities I issued General Orders, Numbers 8, and protested both to General Thomas and General McClellan against such an irregular and unmilitary proceeding. No reply. I stopped some of the troops on their way, and reported that they could not move till some order was sent to me. No reply.

I am satisfied that there have been many of such orders issued directly by the President and Secretary Cameron without consulting General McClellan, and for that reason no reply could be given without exposing the plans of the great jayhawker and the imposition of himself and Cameron on the President. Perhaps this is the key to the silence of the authorities at Washington. I know nothing on the subject except what I see in the newspapers.

In regard to my own plans, they are very simple. I have sent some 16,000 or 17,000 men, under General Curtis, against Price at Springfield. He has been re-enforced by McIntosh, and it is said that Van Dorn and Frost are also marching to his relief. If it would be possible for you to move a cavalry force rapidly by Fort Scott to threaten Price's right flank it would have a most excellent effect. This possibly was the original intention of Lane's expedition, but I protested to Washington against any of his jayhawkers coming into this department, and saying positively that I would arrest and disarm every one I could catch.

The remainder of all my available force will be sent to the lines of the Cumberland and Tennessee. Who will take the immediate command there is not yet determined.

Yours, in haste,

H. W. HALLECK.

FEBRUARY 13-7 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Lane had no authority to give any orders. Countermand all that did not come from the Adjutant-General of the Army. But three Wisconsin regiments of infantry were authorized for Kansas; all other troops for there were cavalry. In your discretion suspend movement of any troops en route or under orders for Kansas and report the fact to me. How many batteries have you how many more do you need? I am anxious about Fort Donelson. Will send 600 sailors for gunboats in the next week.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 37. Saint Louis, February 14, 1862.

I. Brigadier General U. S. Grant is assigned to the command of the District of West Tennessee and Brigadier General W. T. Sherman to the command of the District of Cairo.

II. Commanders of districts, divisions, brigades, and posts, in the State of Missouri, are directed to have an immediate inspection of all their troops, for the discovery of stolen and contraband property and

