
fugitive slaves. General Orders, Numbers 3, series of 1861, will be strictly enforced, and any officer who has permitted it to be violated by his command will be arrested and tried for neglect of duty and disobedience of orders.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 39. Saint Louis, February 14, 1862.

I. Information having been received that certain judicial officers intrusted with the administration of the criminal laws and ordinances in this department have misunderstood the objects and purposes of the establishment of martial law in this city of Saint Louis, and in consequence of such misunderstanding have failed to enforce all those laws and ordinances; and as crimes and misdemeanors should at all times be strictly suppressed, it is hereby enjoined upon all such civil officers, whether as judges, attorneys, sheriffs, marshals, coroners, clerks, justices of the peace, presiding officers of police courts, constables, or members of the police, to strictly enforce all criminal laws and ordinances, to have arrested, tried, and punished in the courts established in the State, and in the manner prescribed by the laws of the State, all persons guilty of any violation of such laws and ordinances, in the same manner as if martial laws had not been declared to exist.

II. And it is especially enjoined upon the judge of the Saint Louis criminal court to have a full complement of grand jurors at every sitting of the court, to strictly charge said grand jurors diligently inquire into all crime and misdemeanors under the laws of the State that may come to their knowledge, and present for trail such offenders known to them. And the assistant circuit attorney for this country is particularly required to faithfully aid and assist the said grand jurors and officers of said court in the discharge of their duties, and to strictly perform all charges devolving upon him by the laws of the State.

III. By the establishment of martial law in the city of Saint Louis it is not designed to interfere with or suspend the operation of the laws and ordinance of the State or city with reference to crimes and misdemeanors nor the remedies and process of the civil courts, except so far as the interests of the Government imperatively require. The civil authorities who attempt to interfere with the execution of military orders emanating from these headquarters will be punished for military offense, but in all other cases in is their duty to enforce the laws and punish crimes and misdemeanors.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT LOUIS, February 15, 1862.

Brigadier General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Springfield, Mo.:

Be careful in your pursuit of Price. Don't separate or divide your forces. Keep them together and well in hand. Sigel's detour lost the battle of Wilson's Creek. Don't let him lead you into the same error.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

