HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, February 15, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Major-General McClellan directs me to say that within the past three weeks 4,000 revolvers have been sent to you at Saint Louis, together with about 25,000 Prussian muskets, 2,000 single-barreled pistols, 5,000 sabers, and some other arms, of which you have had notice. Three thousand French rifled muskets and 3,000 sabers have been sent to the Governor of Illinois, and 5,000 Springfield rifles are ordered to you as fast as they are manufactured. Other good arms of all kinds will be sent to you as fast as they are manufactured.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. V. COLBURN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 41. Saint Louis, February 15, 1862.

I. At the request of the Acting Governor of Missouri, it is hereby ordered that at all future elections in this State, whether for State, municipal, county, or town officers, every voter will be required to take the oath of allegiance prescribed in article six of the ordinance of the Convention dated October 16, 1861. Officers of the polls will see to the execution of this order. If they receive votes of persons not taking the oath, they will be arrested and tried for military offense and the election will be declared null and void.

II. It was not intended by General Orders, Numbers 39, current series, to cast any reflection upon the loyalty and good intentions of the civil officers named therein, but simply to point out their duties during the existence of martial law in laws in this city and State.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SAINT LOUIS DISTRICT, Numbers 4. Saint Louis, Mo., February 15, 1862.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 140, current series, headquarters Department of the Missouri, I hereby assume command of the District of Saint Louis.

* * * *

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General, Volunteers.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Numbers 100. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., February 15,. 1862.

Colonel Charles Doubleday, commanding Second Ohio Cavalry, is hereby appointed acting brigadier-general, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

His brigade will consist of the Second Ohio Cavalry, Twelfth Wis-

