
consin Regiment of Volunteers, Ninth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, and such other troops as may hereafter be assigned to him.

The commanding officers of the Ninth and Twelfth Wisconsin Regiments will report to Actg. General Charles Doiubleday by letter.

By order of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, February 16, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: My advance of cavalry overtook and attacked rear guard of enemy at Little York. Three rebels killed. More straggling prisoners are being taken than I know what to do with. Fifteen wagon loads of supplies captured at Little York. I move forward this morning, with most of my force on short rations. Price's order for retreat is dated February 13, and directs that the troops of his command shall prepare immediately to move at a moment's warning.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

FLAT CREEK, NEAR CHARITON, February 16, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON:

This is a strong defile. The enemy made a stand across it and established batteries, which attacked my advance of cavalry at 3 yesterday. My mountain howitzers responded to their fire till other artillery came up, when we drove them from their flight. By this time it was dark, and my troops bivouacked and rested till 4 this morning, when the movement forward again commenced.

The First and Second Divisions, under General Sigel, are coming by a different route, and will join me here early this morning.

We continually take cattle, prisoners, wagons, and arms, which they leave in their flight.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Post Rolla, February 16, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The telegraph of General Halleck last night is at hand. I had an interview with Major Wood this morning, and find he has received sabers sufficient to arm his command, and also has made requisition for carbines, which is being filled by Colonel Callender as fast as possible. This will make him effective. I am satisfied from present appearances that I shall be obliged to keep at least half of his force at or near Salem to support Major Drake.

The counties of Dent, Texas, Shannon, and Howell are infested with three or four bands of outlaws, who are stealing and destroying all the Union property they can find;

