
would attack Salem and this post if they dared, and will try and tear up the railroad track unless closely watched.

I am still of the opinion there should be more force at this post, particularly a battalion of cavalry and one company (100 men), with two good offices to man the post and finish it up. A battery of four of four guns, well manned, would be the best to take possession of the fort, as they could be used both in the field and fort. There is an immense amount of Government property here which I do not want the rebels to get or destroy, and do not intend they shall while I command here.

I have sent Major Wood with 200 of his best mounted and armed men to the support of Major Drake at Salem, with the orders to exterminate or drive out of the State any marauding rebels they can find.

I am, captain, respectfully, yours,

J. B. WYMAN,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, February 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General COLLUM,Cairo, Ill.:

Stop every man that comes to you for the Tennessee or Cumberland. All you do not want send to Commerce. Report as to the character of Commerce as a deport for advance against New Madrid.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SUGAR CREEK CROSSING, Six Miles from Arkansas Line, in Arkansas, Feb. 18, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The general's dispatch of the 14th is received. We rejoice again at the success of our comrades in the East.

The enemy was re-enforced yesterday by the troops of McCulloch, and made another stand at this place. His batteries opened fire upon us and were very soon replied to by nine. After a few rounds of shot and shell I ordered a cavalry charge, which drove them from the high grounds they occupied, with the loss of many killed and wounded and scattered. My loss is 13 killed and 15 to 20 wounded. Among the latter are Major Bowen, of my escort, in the wrist; my assistant adjutant-general, Captain McKenny, severely but not dangerously; Captain Switzler, not dangerously.

My advance comped at the battle ground. General Sigel's command is 4 miles back and will reach me this morning. Have sent forward miles ahead. I shall await the arrival of the First and Second Divisions, as this is their great boasted trap for the Federal army. Hope also Third Iowa will arrive to-day.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

