
will immediately go there to receive his troops which you do not require for the defense of Cairo.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Sugar Creek Hollow, Ark., February 20, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN; I move to Osage Springs to-day in order to get nearer to the Cross Hollow. I will then be 7 miles west of the enemy and on better ground for artillery and cavalry. McCulloch has joined Price and Van Dorn is expected to-day. Infantry and cavalry re-enforcements are also reported. I made some progress in my reconnaissance yesterday, but not yet enough to satisfy me as to the best approaches. I must attack him soon or he will assume the offensive.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 44. Saint Louis, February 20, 1862.

I. In consideration of the recent victories won by the Federal forces, and of the rapidly-increasing loyalty of citizens of Missouri, who for a time forgot their duty to their flag and country, the sentences of John C. Tompkins, William J. Forshey, John Patton, Thomas M. Smith, Steven Stott, George H. Cunningham, Richard B. Chowder, and George M. Pulliam, heretofore condemned to death, are provisionally mitigated to close confinement in the miliary prison at Alton. If rebel spies again destroy railroads and telegraphs lines, and thus render it necessary for us to make severe examples, the original sentences against these men will be carried into execution.

II. No further assessments will be levied or collected from any one who will now take the prescribed oath of allegiance.

III. Boards or commissions will be appointed to examine the cases of prisoners of war who apply to take the oath of allegiance, and on their recommendation orders will be issued from these headquarters for their release.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[FEBRUARY 21, 1862.-For Halleck to McClellan and McClellan to Halleck, in reference to operations in Arkansas, Kentucky, and Tennessee, see Series I, Vol. VII, pp. 645-647.]

CAMP HALLECK, ARK., February 22, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

My flank movements commander Cross Hollow. The enemy evacuated, and my cavalry drove the pickets and camped on the ground. All the

36 R R-VOL VIII

