
traps have now been taken. I shall camp here till my commissary train comes up, my left resting on Cross Hollow and my right on this spring, extending from road to road 6 miles. I will send my cavalry forward to take Fayetteville, which is only 10 miles form their front pickets. The Arkansas hills echo the shouts of my troops, who rejoice at the glorious news from Fort Donelson.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

CAMP HALLECK, ARK., February 223, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

McCulloch and Price expect to unite their entire force and have fallen back for that purpose. I need 800 artillery horses and 400 new sets of artillery harness, to shift some poor, broken-down stock from the artillery to other service,; also 10,000 pairs of pants. I should also be re-enforced, if I am to cope with the enemy, as follows: Four good batteries, complete; 3,000 cavalry, well equipped, and 7,000 infantry. With such an accession of force I could hold against all probable force at Lebanon and I have been compelled to distribute considerable along the line.

By holding the enemy below the Missouri line the people of Missouri immediately abandon the idea of continuing the effort to make Missouri a part of the Southern Confederacy.

Most of the Missouri force may be spared, and could do more out of Missouri to settle the difficulty in Missouri. The roads on this side of Springfield are good, and sugar, salt, and coffee are all the rations that should be hauled through. The best point for their team embarkation is Linn Creek.

My force is estimated by the enemy at from 20,000 to 40,000, and I still hold a definite hostile attitude, sending out my cavalry in force to feel and annoy him.

Cross Hollow was an extensive cantonment. The buildings were better than ours at Benton Barracks. He burned most of them, together with stores of provisions and arms, which in his haste he could not carry away. His sick and wounded who were left say my flank movement induced the sudden evacuation. Considerable he did not burn and we are using it. Most of our provisions for the last ten days have been taken from the enemy.

Very respectfully, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Camp Halleck, Ark., February 22, 1862.

Brigadier-General ASBOTH,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: You are to assume command of all the cavally and artillery force which has been or may be ordered to report to you at Mud Town to-morrow morning, with a view of making a reconnaissance in force against the enemy. You will, if not obstructed by formidable

