
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD, Numbers 8. Commerce, Mo., February 24, 1862.

The undersigned, having been instructed by the general commanding the department to assume the command of the army assembling at this place, announces the following as his staff officers:

All communications to these headquarters will be addressed to the chief of the staff department to which the communication relates:

Major Speed Butler, assistant adjutant-general.

Major E. F. Noyes, aide-de-camp.

Major C. A. Morgan, aide-de-camp.

Captain Louis H. Marshall, aide-de-camp.

Major J. M. Corse, inspector-general.

Captain J. W. Taylor, chief quartermaster.

Captain J. A. Swain, assistant quartermaster.

Lieutenant J. W. Mott, acting assistant quartermaster.

The chief commissary and medical director will be announced in a few days.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, Camp Halleck, Ark., February 24, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I send by one of my aides, Major Scheaffer, the last newspaper published in Fayetteville, which shows the trials of different factions and the efforts making to raise volunteers. It is a curious fact that no idea of my approach was expressed, although that very day Price was driven through Crane Creek defile at the mouth of our guns almost in the hearing of Fayetteville.

I also send letters taken from the post-office at Bentonville, showing some of the plans and position of the rebels; among other things the order to protect and carry on the lead mines in Granby. I also send a large secession flag, taken from the court-house at Bentonville.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, February 25, 1862-11 a.m .

Brigadier-General POPE,Commerce:

All troops at Cape Girdeau, except one battery and one company of cavalry, have been ordered to join you. Cavalry is going down the river to-day and more will go to-morrow. Move on your advanced guard and working parties to repair the roads. Your force will be at least 10,000 in a few days. The movement must be prompt, as it is reported that the enemy is preparing to evacuate Columbus. Send me a dispatch every day, and, if important, oftener. Number them and state the hour. Two batteries go down to-day.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

