
bring it in. I think by to-morrow I will have the machine fairly in motion, after which the atmosphere in this vicinity will be very unhealthy for rebels. I captured also a lot of papers belonging to the rebels, but have not had time to examine them. My next will give some light on the subject. I am still more convinced of the importance of holding this post than ever. It will require, however, an energetic commander. I also think it very important to attack Spring-field at once. That I will leave, however, for wiser heads and larger forces.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, major, your most obedient servant,

CLARK WRIGHT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post Lebanon, Mo.

Major N. P. CHIPMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Rolla, Mo.

JANUARY 29-FEBRUARY 3, 1862.-Expedition to Blue Springs, Mo.

Report of Camp. William S. Oliver, Seventh Missouri Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS CAMP STEVENSON,Independence, February 3, 1862.

GENERAL: I have just returned from an expedition which I was completed to undertake in search of the notorious Quantrill and his gang at my disposal, despite numerous applications to various points, I have seen this infamous scoundrel robe mails, steal the coaches and horses, and commit other similar outrages upon society even within sight of this city. Mounted on the best horses of the country, he has defied pursuit, making his camp in the bottoms of the-and Blue, and roving over a circuit of 30 miles. I mounted a company of my command and went to Blue Springs. The first night there myself, with 5 men, were ambushed by him and fired upon. We killed 2 of his men (of which he had 18 or 20) and wounded a third. The next day we killed 4 more of the worst of the gang, and before we left succeeded in dispersing them. I obtained 6 or 7 wagon loads of pork and a quantity of tobacco, hidden and preserved for the use of the Southern Army, and recovered also the valuable stage-coach, with 2 of their horses. I was absent a week, and can say that no men were ever more earnest or subject to greater privations and hardships than both the mounted men and the infantry I employed on this expedition.

Quantrill will not leave this section unless he is chastised and driven from it. I hear of him to-night 15 miles from here, with new recruits, committing outrages on Union men, a large body of whom have come in to-night, driven out by him. Families of Union men are coming into the city to-night asking of me escorts to bring in their goods and chattels, which I duly furnished.

The duplicate orders from you to move I received the same day, while absent on this expedition. I returned to this place at once, but find it utterly impossible in the present condition of the command to start at once. My men are without boots and shoes, and the long march in the snow and cold from Morristown and this last severe expedition has filled the hospital, as you are aware from the report of the

