
nals to these headquarters. The laws of war make it their duty to prevent such barbarities; if they neglect that duty they must suffer the consequences.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N . H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD, Numbers 17. Commerce, Mo., February 27, 1862.

The following movements of this army will be make:

The First Division, under Brigadier General Schuyler Hamilton, will march from this place at 8 o'clock to-morrow morning, the 28th instant, and on camp in the neighborhood of Colonel Hunter's to-morrow night. On the succeeding day, the 1st instant, the division will occupy Sikeston, where further instructions will be given by the general commanding this army in person.

The Second Division, unless Brigadier General J. M. Palmer, will march on Saturday morning, the 1st instant, and encamp 5 or 6 miles north of Sikeston, where further instructions will be received.

Under no consideration will any ambulances or wagons be permitted to move in the columns, except such as are needed to carry the necessary ammunition.

Division trains of the several division will move in the rear of their respective divisions in the order in which the brigades are posted in the column. A sufficient rear guard will march in front of the trains, with orders to prohibit any officer or soldier form passing to the rear of the column, and regimental quartermasters will be held responsible that no one be permitted to ride in the wagons except with a written certificate of the surgeon that he should do so.

Rear guards of not less than three companies of infantry will be placed in the rear of the division trains, and mounted patrols will be kept out upon the flanks to prevent any straggling from the ranks, with positive instructions to shoot down any person belonging to the army engaged in depredation or outrages upon the people of the country.

It is enjoined upon division, brigade, and regimental commanders to give their personal attention to the march of their respective commanders, to see that they are kept well closed, and no straggling whatever from the ranks be permitted.

The utmost attention to the positing of all necessary guards will be given by the commanders above designated and the utmost vigilance be observed.

It is enjoined upon division and brigade commanders to be careful to move at the hours and to the places designated; without such exactness it is impossible to move so large a force without confusion and difficulty. The headquarters of the army will be in Sikeston on Saturday night, the 1st instant, and will habitually accompany the leading division.

The artillery not attached for temporary service with divisions will be massed under the command of Captain Henry Hescock, First Missouri Light Artillery, and will habitually march between the First and Second Divisions. The officer commanding it will report for orders to the general commanding as soon every day as his command arrives at its place of encampment. The parole and countersign will be furbished

