HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, February 28, 1862.

Brigadier-General SHERMAN,Paducah:

Send Ohio regiments as fast as armed to General Pope's command, to land at Bird's Point or Commerce, as General Cullum may direct. Also all available field artillery. No danger now of an attack on Paducah.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY IN THE FIELD, Numbers 42. Commerce, Mo., February 28, 1862.

Colonel Gordon Granger, Second Michigan Cavalry, is assigned to the command of all the cavalry of this army, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

All reports and returns will be made through him.

By order of General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAIRO, February 28, 1862.

General HALLECK:

General Paine, just from Bertrand, reports that Jeff. Thompson passed north through Sikeston with 250 cavalry and six pieces of artillery this morning at daylight. He is in a trap, Pope's advance guard being at Benton, and Colonel Morgan, with 750 infantry and 60 cavalry, reached Sikeston at daylight this morning in Thompson's rear. Four hundred infantry and 600 cavalry will re-enforce Morgan to-night. Repairing railroad rapidly.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS, Fort Leavenworth, Kans., February 28, 1862.

Colonel GEORGE W. DEITZLER,Acting Brigadier-General, Fort Scott, Kans.:

SIR: Immediately on receipt of your express dispatch, dated 26th instant and received but an hour since (12 m.), I have directed the concentration by forced marches of the following troops at Fort Scott, where they will report for duty.

Colonel Doubleday's brigade, consisting of Second Ohio Cavalry, Ninth and Twelfth Wisconsin Infantry, also First Kansas, now at Lawrence, forming portion of your own brigade.

The orders to these regiments to move by forced marchese were peremptory, of which copies will be sent as soon as possible, and should any of the regiments fail to report within due time you will not fail to hold the commanding officers to their strict military responsibility.

Should you require the services of Colonel Jennison's brigade (he ranking you), you will use your discretion in sending for him if you think it necessary.

I will endeavor to send you a field battery at the earliest possible moment, as I am organizing it now.

