
road about half way from here to the battle ground, making it a distance of about 7 miles from Camp Benjamin to that place.

Owing to the scarcity of the water and its bad quality, caused by its being constantly disturbed and the changes contemplated by the general, I would respectfully recommend that he permit me to move my camp to the vicinity of the mills, near the rebel camp, leaving one regiment and two or more pieces here and sending one regiment and two pieces to White River Crossing, and retaking possession of the Eagle Mills. The mills near the rebel camp have been turned over to General Sigel, though it seems to me that there are as many mills on his side as on ours, now that the Eagle Mills are abandoned.

Forage also is becoming very scarce, and we have now to send over 10 miles for it.

With the approbation of the general I propose to send Colonel Vandever on a reconnaissance in the direction of Huntsville. He is very anxious to go, and wishes to take 500 infantry, two pieces, and 200 cavalry. Colonel Dodge says that the mountains are so precipitous that it is impossible for any one the flank us and that the enemy has nothing but cavalry in that direction, and to prevent him from harassing us we must worry him. Unless the general objects, Colonel Vandever will start to-morrow morning.

Both Colonel Dodge and Colonel Vandever agree with me in the project of moving camp, except they do not wish to leave so strong a force here. We would be glad to have the general move his headquarters nearer to us.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. A. CARR,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

P. S.-As Dodge left the mills, a fire, which he thought a signal, was lighted on a hill. I send some letters which got into my camp to-day. Two of my men killed one Texan and wounded another day before yesterday.

JEFFERSON CITY, February 28, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Rebel recruits cut off from joining Price, reported 1,000 strong, are committing depredations on left bank of Osage, near Osceola.

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, February 28, 1862.

Brigadier General T. J. McKEAN,Jefferson City:

Take such forces as you require and capture the rebels at Osceola. You have them fast between you and Curtis. Don't let them dodge you. Move rapidly and promptly.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

