
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., February 28, 1862.

Honorable HANNIBAL HAMLIN,

President of the Senate:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of two letters, one from the office of the Adjutant-General to the Surgeon-General ordering medical supplies and blanks, and the other from the Adjutant-General to General Hunter, in relation to his command over the troops for General Lane's expedition,* which contain al the information bearing on the resolution of the Senate of the 4th instant calling for information in Kansas in possession of this Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, A. G. O., Washington, D. C., December 31, 1861.

Surg. General C. A. FINLEY,U. S. A., Washington:

SIR: I have respectfully to inform you that four regiments of infantry, seven regiments of cavalry, three batteries of artillery, besides Kansas troops, from 8,000 to 10,000, and about 4,000 Indians, forming an aggregate of about 27,000 troops, are ordered to be concentrated near Fort Leavenworth, for whom medical supplies, blanks, &amp;c., will be required at an early day.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAIRO, February 28, 1862.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have received from the army about 600 soldiers; some of them volunteers and some detailed or drafted for the gunboat service. No regular list of them has been sent, but a bundle of descriptive lists, with a statement of their accounts, have been heaped together.

The soldiers are very much dissatisfied, as they were not paid up by the army to the date of their transfer, which I desired to be done.

I have therefore directed the several commanders of the gunboats to have these men put on the muster roll of their vessels as seamen, paying them at the rate of $18 per month, without any reference to their army accounts, which I hope will meet with your approval. At the same time it is desirable that these men should be paid up to the time they volunteered for this service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer, Commanding Naval Forces Western Waters.

---------------

*See Thomas to Hunter, January 24, p. 525.

---------------

