
through the entire State of Missouri; have seen the havoc and devastation surrounding it, and I deplore the prospect of these disasters in the virgin soil of Arkansas.

Armed men in the garb of citizens are concealed by citizens, and the unifortunate condition of Missouri wil be transferred to Arkansas if you allow this complicity of yourselves in the strunggle. If you do not discriminate by requiring soldiers to wear some distincitive badge, you must not complain if we cannot discriminate.

There is no honor, no glory, no good that can be gained by taking up arms in this way to defend your homes, for we do not wish to molest them if you are peaceably disposed. We only wish to put down rebellion by making war against those in arms, their aiders, and abettors. We come to vidicate the Constitution, to preserve and perpatuete civil and religious liberty, under a flag that flag we have lived in peace and prosperity until the flag of rebellion involved us in the horrors of civil war.

We have restored the Stars and Stripes to Northwestern Arkansas, where I am glad to find many who rejoice to see the embled of their former glory and hope for a restoration of the peace and happiness they have enjoyed under its folds. A surrender to such a flag is only a return to your natural allegiance, and is more honorable than to persist in a rebellion that surrenders to the national power at Forts Henry and Donelson, at Nashville and Roanoke, and thoughout the most powerful Southern States. Why, then, shall the West be devastated to prolong a struggle which the States of Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, North Carolina, and Tennessee cannot successfully maintain?

Disband your companies; surrender your arms; for in all instances where men in arms have voluntarily surrendered and taken the oath of allegiance to our common country they have been discharged. No prisoners have, to my knowledge, been shot or hung or cruelly treasted by us.

I know of no instance where my troops have treated females with violence and I have not heard of a complaint of the kind. I enjoin on the troops kindness, protection, and support for women and children. I shall to the best of my ability maintain our country's flag in Arkansas and continue to make relentless war on its foes; but shall rejoice to see the restoration of peace which we formerly enjoyed and earnestly desire, and I implore for each and all of us that ultimate, eternal peace, "which the world cannot give or take away."

I have the honor to be,very resepctfully, your obedient servant,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commadning Army of the Southwest.

SAINT LOUIS, March 1, 1862.

Brigadier General FRED. STEELE,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: You will immediately proced to Pilot Knob and take command of all the troops in Southeastern Missouri west of the Saint Francis River. Additional troops will be immediately assigned, so as to increase your command to from, 4,000 to 5,000 men. Your first object will be to drive back or capture the enemy's forces at Pitman's Ferry, near the Arkansas line; ten proceed to Pocahontas and destroy all enemy's stores not required for your own use; then go to Jacksonport

