
post surgeon, heretofore transmitted. Three are confined to their beds with broken limbs and two with small-pox. They cannot be removed in my wagons. Others may come down in a few days.

I applied to General hunter for shoes, &amp;c. He replied that all my supplies of that sort must be obtained through you. Saying nothing, general, about the deplorable condition which the withdrawal of my force will leave this people in, is it not pertinent for me to ask how I can move my command in its present condition on this frozen ground and snow? I assure you, sir, nothing do I more desire than to rejoin my regiment, but if I go now my men must travel with frozen feet, and my sick I must leave behind for aught I see. I am not insensible, and cannot be, to the appeals which pour in upon me from the many Union men of this vicinity to remain, but I have no duties to discharge transcending your command, and do not ask for delay on that account.

The duties of the officers of the battalion are rendered onerous and burdensome on account of the absence of three lieutenants and a captain belonging to the Seventh Missouri, now at Sedalia; besides which one lieutenant is confined to his bed sick.

For the last two weeks I have been without any sugar, there being none to be bad. I sen to-morrow to Kansas City to endeavor to obtain supplies; still I have a plenty of pork, confiscated flour, and secesh forage and wood.

Hoping this presentation of facts will excuse me from moving until at least I obtain further commands from you, and awaiting your further orders, I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

W. S. OLIVER,

Captain, Commanding Detached Battalion Seventh Mo. Vols.

P. S.- I omitted to say I find that I had 1 man killed and 2 wounded during the expedition referred to.

Brigadier-General POPE,

Commanding, Otterville, Mo.

FEBRUARY 9, 1862-Skirmish at Morshfield, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.
HDQRS. SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, CAMP AT COPEY, 18 MILES IN ADVANCE OF LEBANON,February 10, 1862-5 p. m.

CAPTAIN: I should have reported that a party of my cavalry, under Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Lewis, First Missouri Cavalry, made a descent on Bolivar last Saturday morning, taking 1 or 2 straggling rebel soldiers and carrying terror and astonishment due north of Springfield. On their way back they captured 125 head of cattle, which had been collected for the rebel army.

Yesterday at 4 o'clock a cavalry battalion, under Lieutenant-Colonel Wright, entered Marshfield, routing and pursuing a small party of the enemy's force that was running the mill. Pursuit was made, and Captain Montgomery overtook them, killing 2, wounding 3, taking 3 prisoners, several slaves, 3 Government mule teams, 3 common teams, all loaded with wheat designed for the enemy. None of our men were

