
cavalry, and four batteries of field artillery; another brigade is expected to-night. The prisoners also state that the enemy is rapidly evacuating Columbus and occupying Island Numbers 10. My command is all up to his point and well in hand. I shall push forward to-morrow, and, unless the enemy is more re-enforced than is now expected, I think we are more than a match for him. If consistent with your arrangements, I would be glad if a considerable force could be advanced from Bird's Point as far as Oak Grove, so as to assure my communications. I was surprised on my arrival here, in view of your letter of the 28th, to find that all the force sent forward by you from Bird's Point have returned, for reasons which I am unable to understand.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, March 1, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Morgan's regiment and two companies First Illinois Cavalry pushed north, pursuing Jeff. Thompson, who is fleeing towards Indian River. Captured three rebel guns. Met General Hamilton's advance cavalry, and whole in pursuit of enemy. Light visible all the evening in direction of Columbus.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 1, 1862.

Colonel CARLIN,

Pilot Knob:

Push forward another regiment on Greenville and cavalry to Saint Francisville. Jeff. Thompson is between Sikeston and Benton; we occupy both places. His only avenue of escape is by Bloomfield.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, March 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,Cairo:

Transportation is going down the river for General Pope as rapidly as we can collect it. If he can reach the river a little above New Madrid and out of the reach of their guns, he may cut off all re-enforcements from Columbus. Consult Commodore Foote, and with Pope fix a day for the attack on New Madrid and a mortar bombardment of Columbus. My idea of the demonstration on Columbus is to anchor the mortar boats near the bank on the Belmont side, so as to be covered, and use the gunboats mainly to defend them. The gunboats should not be much exposed, but should reserve themselves for the real attack.

Send copy of this to General Pope.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

