
Creek station. The Third Iowa reconnoitered within 5 miles of Fayetteville to-day; there was no sign of any movement; but the people speak of continued augmentation of the enemy's forces.

The mill run by Colonel Dodge--Blackman's Mill, 16 miles southeast of this place--was burned last night by the rebels, and they also burned considerable forage in that region.

Other matters of interest will be communicated when we meet at Sugar Creek, which must be soon, as I desire our camp to be arranged in view of some defenses.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, MO., March 3, 1862.

To the POLICE COMMISSIONERS,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENTLEMEN: The city policemen are in the habit of arresting negroes "as runaways," and frequently arrest, or attempt to arrest, the servants of the army officers, who are put to the trouble of obtaining orders to prevent their servants from being taken from them on the very eve of their leaving the city. This is exceedingly annoying to officers under marching orders. They do not desire to be considered as resisting any civil process. It is not their intention nor the intention of the military authorities to interfere with or prevent the owner of a slave from pursuing his legal remedies to recover his slave, but I have to request that hereafter the city police be confined in their arrests of negroes as "runaways" strictly to such negroes as may be in a legal manner claimed by his or her owner. Negroes must be arrested "as runaways" or fugitives from labor by a writ issued from a court having jurisdiction of the case. This is necessary in order that the slave may have the opportunity to plead the act of Congress of July, 1862.

I am, very respectfully, gentlemen, your obedient servant,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 52. Saint Louis, March 3, 1862.

I. In order that commerce may follow, with the post-office, close upon the advance southward of the Armies of the Union, the following regulations are established for the present conduct of the restored intercourse between the loyal sections of the Department of the Missouri and the country on the Tennessee and Cumberland Rivers:

1st. Stemaboats and other water craft running in the trade and travel of those rivers to or from the port of Saint Louis, or any other port within this military department, must, in addition to the customary registration and enrollment required by the revenue laws of the United States, take out the special license for this renewed intercourse which is now provided in the regulations established in January last for the trade and transportation of the Mississippi River.

2nd. Such special license must be issued by the superintendent of transportation in the city of Saint Louis, but can be applied for the any surveyor of customs within this department, whose certificate that all the requisite conditions have been complied with by the applicants

