
of this State, it is directed that all licensed attorneys, counselors, and proctors be required to take the oath of allegiance prescribed in the sixth section of the ordinance of the State Convention passed October 26, 1861. The judges of all State courts will refuse to permit any one to practice in their courts who refuses or neglects to take such oath.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAIRO, March 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Have just received copy of Pope's dispatch to you of yesterday. HE estimates enemy's force at New Madrid at 5,000. Gave orders late last night to have strong re-enforcements sent here to General Pope. Five regiments of infantry and one of cavalry have left to-day. More going. General Paine, who I sent out to-day to hurry forward troops and push railroad to Sikeston, brings rumor of New Madrid being evacuated and troops going to Point Pleasant and Island Numbers 10.

Is it your wish to evacuate Columbus? It is too large to be held by a smaller force than present garrison. You have presented me with an elephant by way of aides, who have no miliary information. I am quite unwell. Will it be possible to let Sherman take my place for a week and allow me to visit Saint Louis to wind up my affairs?

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Near New Madrid, March 4, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Upon examination of ground north of the bayou where I had intended to establish batteries and rifle pits, I find that during the night the river rose so rapidly as to overflow the whole of it. It is somewhat lower than the ground south of the bayou and is now untenable. I send to-night at dark a column of 2,500 infantry, with artillery and cavalry, to Point Pleasant, 9 miles below, to effect the same purpose. This operation must of necessity take off some of the gunboats, from here, in which case I will carry the intrenchments. I find on close reconnaissance that there are intrenchments hastily constructed within the town from the mouth of the bayou half a mile above. There are about four regiments of infantry and some field artillery now in it, and the gunboats anchored so that their guns look into every part of the intrenchments at very short distance. I will interrupt the navigation at Point Pleasant, and if the opportunity presents I will carry their works. I do not know what re-enforcements can be thrown here from Island Numbers 10; probably not enough to endanger us if the island is threatened by the gunboats. If I had troops it would be easy to interrupt entirely the navigation of the river by transports by establishing a large central force south of this place and having small movable columns of 500 men and two pieces of artillery each to be posted just outside of range of gunboats habitually and to move in on the river whenever a steamer passed and sink her. Half a dozen or a dozen points on the river within 25 miles could stop navigation or compel at least seven or eight

