
gunboats to watch that extent of river line. By having a strong central force within supporting distance of these small columns, and upon which they would retreat if menaced by the landing of forces above or below them, the operation would be safe. It would, however, require 30,000 men effectually to put it in operation. While the enemy can hold New Madrid by means of gunboats (as can be done with this high stage of water on the river), it would be easy to land troops and threaten our communications, if not endanger our whole force, if it were separated into small detachments. I will, if possible, maintain the blockade at Point Pleasant until the heavy artillery can be sent. I can, as I have informed you, carry the works here, but it would be done with heavy loss while the river is so high that the guns of the boats look over the bank, and with our artillery it would be nearly impossible to hold them without great loss. I presume you are thoroughly informed concerning affairs at Island Numbers 10; but from what I know it will be easy for the gunboats to shell the troops out of the island altogether and pass down to this place. If not able completely to stop the navigation of the river, I will at least make it very dangerous from to-morrow.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, March 4, 1862.

Brigadier-General CULLUM and

Flag-Officer FOOTE,Cairo:

The gun and mortar boats should not wait for repairs, but make an immediate demonstration on Island Numbers 120, and, if possible, assistant General Pope at New Madrid. This is of vital importance, and there should be no delay, I have much better information than you have of the condition of affairs, and, where possible, my instructions should be obeyed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, March 4, 1862.

Brigadier-General SHERMAN,Columbus:

All available force at Columbus, Cairo, Fort Holt, Bird's Point, and Paducah should re-enforce Pope. If he takes New Madrid, then send everything up the Tennessee to Major General C. F. Smith.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Camp Halleck, Ark., March 4, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am in receipt of the general's dispatch of the 28th. I regret the delay of Wyman's regiment for many reasons. The enemy is said to

