
be receiving large re-enforcements. A little would help me. They burned Blackman's Mill, a fine one, 16 miles southeast of me, night before last, and were burning all the forage in that region. Have sent a force to rout them, with directions to go as far as Huntsville if superior force does not check me. The Indian regiments have joined the enemy at Boston Mountains. The only strong point to intrench is Sugar Creek, and Cross Timber, beyond this. Cross Hollow is easily turned by an open campaign country a little west of the crossing.

Sugar Creek Hollow extends for miles, a gorge, with rough, precipitate sides, the road crossing it at nearly right angles. I shall keep an outpost here and in the vicinity of Bentonville, with pickets and patrols still farther south. Forage is becoming scarce by the consumption of my troops and the burning by the enemy. Nothing could be more injurious to the country than this burning of mills, and the people are indignant. Shall be on the alert, holding as securely as possible. Shall expect Hunter on my right soon, and hope also to hear of the general on the Arkansas. I shall not report in detail on my movements from Lebanon here for prudential reasons.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Camp Halleck, Ark., March 4, 1862.

Colonel CLARK WRIGHT:

COLONEL: You were sent to re-enforce Captain Montgomery at Keetsville, and drive the enemy that assailed him. You are not to command at Cassville. Take care of the enemy in the vicinity of Keetsville, and see that the trains are not interrupted. If you have scouts with you who know the country in front send them here,where I am much nearer the foe.

There is a great set of rogues about Keetsville, and I hope you will find and arrest and send back the most of them. March and follow up any force that offers to come within 20 miles of the road. The parties are small, as that was that attacked Captain Montgomery.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 17. Camp 2 miles north of New Madrid, March 4, 1862.

I. The following organization of this army in hereby announced as a temporary arrangement:

FIRST DIVISION.

Brigadier General D. S. STANLEY, commanding.

First Brigade.

Colonel JOHN GROESBECK.

27th Ohio.

39th Ohio.

Second Brigade.

---- ----.

43rd Ohio.

63rd Ohio.

