
or in a condition rendering them unsafe, from injury received at

Forts Henry and Donelson. Also that the machinery and hull of the vessels are not in a condition to attack forts and batteries. That the result would be not only doubtful but almost a certainly, provided the rebels made the resistance which they have done thus far in every attack. If my telegram* of yesterday has been published, please give this equal publicity.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 5, 1862.

General CULLUM:

I was in hopes that you could remain till the result of Pope's expedition and Foote's demonstration was determined. Only a small garrison at Columbus will be required, and none at Fort Holt or Bird's Point and Paducah, except to guard stores. All other troops should be ready for the field. If necessary, re-enforce Pope and send him siege guns; they can be transported with oxen. General Sherman takes your place for the present at Cairo. He will take the field as soon as I can find a successor. Show him this.

H. W. HALLECK.

CAIRO, March 5, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Am better to-day, but far from well. Will stay for the present, as it is very important that Sherman should go to Paducah to get his troops ready for the field. Pope has 18,000, including troops sent from here. He says the enemy is but 5,000. I do not therefore think he requires further re-enforcements, and will send no more without your orders till the railroad to Sikeston is finished. It will be impossible to get the siege guns to New Madrid. Two hundred men at work on railroad. Find more repairs to make than anticipated.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, March 5, 1862.

Generals SHERMAN and

CULLUM,Cairo:

If Pope has 18,000 men, they are sufficient. Send all others up the Tennessee to Savannah, to report to Major General C. F. Smith. I have been duly notified by Secretary of War of his promotion. Orders were issued some days ago for building telegraph lines from Bird's Point to Pilot Knob.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT, Near New Madrid, March 5, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

By great labor succeeded in making road through swamp to Point Pleasant out of range of gunboats, and occupied that place to-night at

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. VII, p. 436.

---------------

