
dark. By morning the rifle pits and sunk batteries will be complete, and I think by 12 o'clock to-morrow I shall know whether they can be maintained against the gunboats. I am confident of the result, as guns and artillery of the gunboats are unsheltered and cannot approach within rifle range. If successful, everything is ours except the gunboats. No transports will be able to pass my battery. Three thousand men constitute force sent to Point Pleasant, and I will maintain that position against any land force whatever. I have lined the route with cavalry, so that no movement, either by land or water, can be made from above without my knowledge.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Camp Halleck, Ark., March 5, 1862.

Brigadier General FRANZ SIGEL,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: One of my spies fell in with some rebels who stole our wagons 10 miles out on the Fayetteville road. The spy pretended to be secesh, and they told him (the spy) that Price was moving on us; that his artillery passed through Fayetteville yesterday; that some of his force would camp on the Burnt Mill to-night.

This may be only a feint, but we had better unite our forces at Sugar Creek, and be ready for any occasion.

This place can only be useful as an outpost with a small force. Our stand must be at Sugar Creek, where I hope to join you to-morrow.

Respectfully, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Camp Halleck, Ark., March 5, 1862.

Brigadier General FRANZ SIGEL,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: A deserter, apparently a very reliable man, has arrived since I sent you dispatches, who left Price's army at Fayetteville this morning at 8 o'clock. They are coming sure, he says. Make a night march, if need be, so as to join me at Sugar Creek early to-morrow.

The enemy claims to have 20,000, with seventy pieces of cannon; of course Schaefer should move immediately.

SAML. B. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, Sugar Creek, Ark., March 5, 1862.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,Commanding:

GENERAL: I have just received your notification of the approach of the rebel forces and shall commence making preparations accordingly. I shall try and communicate with Vandever, and would suggest the propriety of a messenger being sent to him from Cross Hollow also.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JEFF. C. DAVIS,

Colonel, Commanding.

