
SAINT LOUIS, March 5, 1862.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Rolla, Mo.:

Colonel Wood's cavalry, with Major Drake's detachment at Salem, will proceed to Houston and Marshfield, scouring the counties in the southwest and breaking up any rebel bands he can find. Another regiment of cavalry will be sent from here in a few days for Rolla and Salem.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 6, 1862.

General CULLUM:

There is something wrong about the telegraph. Yours of yesterday in regard to re-enforcements to Pope is just received. They might remain at Sikeston as a reserve, subject to Pope's orders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, New Madrid, March 6, 1862.

General CULLUM:

Colonel Plummer, who was sent with 3,000 men to occupy Point Pleasant last night, has not yet been able to effect a lodgment on the banks for his rifle pits and batteries on account of finding two gunboats at that place. A third has joined them since from below. Plummer's sharpshooters occupy the town, and were attempting, when I last heard, to drive the artillerymen of the gunboats from their pieces. How they will succeed I cannot yet tell. I made a strong demonstration upon the works here this afternoon, driving in the enemy's skirmishers and his whole force below the bank and down upon the water. The enemy's loss was about 25 killed; our 1 killed and 4 wounded. There are now here and at Point Pleasant eight gunboats, which we cannot take o course, and which render the town here untenable, even in our possession. I hope to see our gunboats in a day or two, in which case everything here will fall into our hands. I hope Plummer by to-morrow morning will effect his lodgment. Meantime the practice here is excellent for the troops. I give them a smart skirmish every day. The importance of making a lodgment at Point Pleasant instead of this place will be apparent to you when you examine the peculiar bend of the river and the position of Island Numbers 10. It is only 5 miles across by land from the island to a point on the river below and nearly opposite to Point Pleasant, to which boats can come up and take off the garrison without being molested by us at New Madrid. I shall use all possible exertions. Will you communicate the substance of this letter to General Halleck?

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, March 6, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Pope writes that extreme high waters cuts off all communication form

38 R R-VOL VIII

