
him except by Sikeston. Will send General Paine to-morrow to direct the five infantry regiments which left here yesterday to move over the trestle to Sikeston and join General Pope immediately, carrying four days' rations in haversacks, though Pope does not ask for re-enforcements. Have directed Paine to employ the largest possible force to push forward the railroad. Telegraph any orders immediately, as Paine leaves early in morning.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, March 6, 1862.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

Yours of the 28th ultimo just received.* I think it very important that the Kansas troops should advance rapidly south and support General Curtis' right flank. He will not cross the Boston Mountains, but hold his present position in rear of Fayetteville. The two forces can therefore co-operate against any Indian movement. If Price has fallen back on Fort Smith he will soon be starved out. Curtis' force is about 22,000.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

LEBANON, March 6, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Three hundred rebels are herded 3 miles south of Vera Cruz. They have run off cattle from within 12 miles of here. Captain Bowman was at Hartville yesterday with 25 men. I have 40 men near Vera Cruz to-night, and I send 50 more to-morrow to re-enforce them.

Shall I continue these long reaches with my small garrison? Is it safe to let them collect within 40 miles of men?

GEO. E. WARING,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 57. Saint Louis, March 6, 1862.

Surveyors and other custom-house officers and agents in this department, as well as those on the Cumberland and Tennessee Rivers or elsewhere, are expected to respect permits issued by the surveyor of either of the parts on the Ohio River and bearing his official signature and seal. Military officers commanding posts or encampments where there are no such custom-house officers or agents, or acting temporarily in concert with such officers or agents, will in like manner respect those permits. Sealed baggage, while the seals remain unbroken, will also be respected by both classes of officers.

II. Goods, wares, or merchandise in transitu, thus covered by permits and baggage thus sealed, will be allowed to go forward to their respective places of destination without further examination, unless there is good and satisfactory reason for their detention, founded on local information obtained from reliable sources. And when, for such reason, any detention takes place, the fact shall be immediately com-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

