
municate to the surveyor whose permit covers the merchandise or whose seal is affixed to the baggage so arrested, and also to the special agent of the Treasury Department in this city.

III. United further orders the transportation of this department is not open to munitions of war, except under special regulations with the military authorities. And whisky, for the time being, is prohibited in the resumed commerce of the Cumberland and the Tennessee.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, March 7, 1862.

Brigadier-General CULLUM,Cairo:

I did not wish Commodore Foote to attack Island Numbers 10 with his gunboats. One the contrary, I directed that they should not be expected to enemy's batteries. All they were to be used for was to protect the mortar boats from sharpshooters and field batteries. I believe that a few hours' bombardment with mortar boats would have caused the enemy to evacuate. If my instructions had been obeyed in the bombardment of Columbus we should have saved much of the enemy's guns and property. I repeat, I do not want the gunboat to fight till they are ready.

As Commodore Foote declines to co-operate, General Pope's army will be immediately withdrawn, except so much as may be necessary to secure the road against any advance of the enemy. I will telegraph him orders, to be immediately forwarded form Cairo. Provide transportation as rapidly as possible and send them up the Tennessee.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 7, 1862.

General POPE,

in the Field:

After securing the roads, so as to prevent the enemy's advance north, you will withdraw your remaining forces to Sikeston, and thence to Bird's Point or Commerce, for embarkation. They will proceed up the Tennessee to re-enforce General C. F. Smith.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAIRO, ILL., March 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Pope's messenger just in. Plummer went Wednesday night to make lodgment at Point Pleasant, but had not yet effected his object, being annoyed by the fire of three gunboats. Pope made strong demonstration on enemy's works, driving in skirmishers and whole force to water below bank. Our loss, 1 killed and 1 wounded; enemy's 25 killed. Nothing important will be done till our gunboats brush away the enemy.

