
Only two transports here. Twenty boats at least required from Saint Louis, as none came down Ohio.

Cavalry went within 3 miles of Sikeston to-day.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 7, 1862.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

Newspaper correspondents speak of Sigel's division being separated from you. Keep your forces together and in hand. Don't let the enemy flag you in detail. Throw out your cavalry carefully, like fingers to the hand, so that they can be drawn in on the main body. Hold your position till I can turn the enemy.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, March 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Please send to me the limits of a military department that would place all the Western operations you deem expedient under your command.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CAIRO, March 8, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Send first telegram to Pope at 10, and at 2 a special messenger, with your last instructions. Have urged Foote again to go down with gun and mortar boats, but cannot induce him to move before Wednesday. Will have railroad so far completed to-morrow as to send the whole re-enforcements to Pope, unless you direct otherwise.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, New Madrid, March 8, 1862.

Brigadier-General CULLUM:

The forces under Colonel Plummer at Point Pleasant have made good their lodgment, and the gunboats, after repeated efforts, have failed to make any impression upon them. Two 10-pounder Parrotts and two 13-pounder English rifled guns are now in position at that place, and to transport vessels the river driven back, one of them badly crippled. Supplies for the enemy are now completely cut off from this part of Missouri or from below. They can get none in the narrow space to which they are circumscribed. I made another strong demonstration here yesterday, forcing my skirmishers into the shore. The troops are in fine spirits and are improving wonderfully. The enemy is re-

