
Send messengers to him and get latest news as soon as possible and telegraph. His last dispatch was three days in reaching here. The retrograde movement of his forces should not be made till further advices.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Saint Louis, March 8, 1862.

Major CHARLES G. HALPINE,Fort Leavenworth, Kans.:

The Indians have joined Price in Boston Mountains. The Kansas troops should move without delay to support the right flank of General Curtis, in Arkansas. It will have an important effect upon the campaign.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Camp Halleck, Ark., March 8, 1862.

Brigadier General FRANZ SIGEL,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Yours, saying you are camped at the forks of the road in the Cross Timber Hollow, asking me to send other detachments and your provision wagons, is received.

I regret exceedingly that so much force separated from this position; and Colonels Schaefer and Greusel and General Asboth must account to me for neglecting my instructions not to go down the hill. I have already ordered the provision wagons to follow you. I have ordered details to collect and bury the dead, and intend to camp on the battle ground, which cannot be abandoned, to-night. The enemy retreats on the Bentonville road, passing near me, and I certainly need all the force I have to maintain my position. A cavalry pursuit is all we can make available against an enemy who we know by experience will run all night to avoid embarrassment.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI, New Madrid, March 9, 1862.

Colonel J. B. PLUMMER:

The commanding general directs me to say to you that he has received your letter this morning, and is much gratified at your success in establishing and maintaining your position. He sends to-day your tents and baggage, with 10,000 rations of coffee. Six of your wagons have returned to Sikeston for the knapsacks of your regiment and will join you as soon as practicable. The general directs that you send to this post Lieutenant Gaw, fo the Engineers. He also suggests that you dig

