
wells, as this command has succeeded in getting pure water in that way.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. MORGAN,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSOURI, New Madrid, March 9, 1862.

General CULLUM:

I send Colonel J. W. Bissell, Engineer Regiment, to Cairo, to see you in relation to the siege guns. If we can get them here matters will soon be settled. Colonel Bissell can get as many as are necessary to me in three days. Of course I prefer such as are mounted on carriages, but I should prefer the rifled 32s if they could be had. One or two shell guns of large caliber will be very useful.

I have the honor to request that four Parrott guns, 24-pounders, now at Saint Louis Arsenal, and belonging to the Missouri Light Artillery, be sent here at once. If I had had these guns I should not have been delayed here as I have been, and if you can get these four and any other field guns of large caliber for me our operations on the river will be greatly advantaged both here and elsewhere. I hope you will use your influence in the matter. Requisitions for ammunition for the field batteries have been sent to Saint Louis, which I hope will be hastened forward to us. No further news from below.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, New Madrid, March 9, 1862.

General CULLUM:

The occupation of Point Pleasant has been entirely successful. A large quantity of stores and supplies have fallen into our hands and the passage of transports up and down the river entirely prevented. I will be much obliged to you if you will send the siege guns, with a full supply of ammunition, forward to Sikeston as soon as possible. When they arrive and are placed in position we will be able to drive off the gunboats, and it will then require but a short time for us to carry the intrenchments.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, New Madrid, March 9, 1862.

DEAR PLUMMER: First let me congratulate you upon your confirmation by the Senate as brigadier-general. The news has just reached here. I have sent urgently for the siege guns, and will send you some as soon as they reach here; also two regiments of infantry. You must

