
strike his flank at McDowell's, since he is now probably passing Crane Creek.

Truly, yours,

SAML. B. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding Division.

FEBRUARY 15, 1865.-Skirmish near Flat Creek, Mo.

Report of Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS SOUTHWESTERN DISTRICT OF MISSOURI, CAMP NEAR FLAT CREEK, 2 MILES WEST OF CHRISTIAN'S,February 15, 1862-7 p. m.

GENERAL: I moved slowly till I had passed Crane Creek. There the precipitate flight of the enemy induced me to order forward the cavalry, with instructions to overtake and charge the enemy. When they arrived here they were fired on the artillery, and therefore made a stand until other forces came up. The little howitzers returned the fire of the enemy, and kept them at bay till I got heavier batteries in position and drove the enemy forward. The valley is very strong for the enemy, and I wonder he did not make a better stand. I am taking the straggling cattle for rations to-night, and will move on to Cassville at 4.

I hope the force of your command is near me to-night. My men are living on meat, and have hardly time to cook it; but they seem eager to push forward, either to take Price or drive him our of the State.

I am, general, very truly, yours,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

Brigadier-General SIGEL, en route.

FEBRUARY 16, 1862.-Action at Pott's Hill, Sugar Creek, Ark.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Clark Wright, Wright's Battalion Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS WRIGHT'S BATTALION,Camp Carr, Big Sugar Creek, Ark., February 17, 1862.

COLONEL: I desire to submit through you to the general commanding a brief report of the charge made upon the rebels on yesterday. When my command was ordered forward, we came up, as you are aware, and formed on the rear of Major McConnell's battalion, Third Illinois Cavalry. The major and myself held a brief consultation, and mutually agreed that, if permitted, and a charge was made, to go in together, and at his suggestion I followed Colonel Ellis, being supported by the major. Thus we were formed at the creek when the charge was sounded. Colonel Ellis, leading the charge, took the road and received a heavy cross-fire from the enemy. As I approached I discovered a heavy cross-fire from the enemy. As I approached I discovered a heavy column of the enemy on either side of the road. I at once deployed my battalion to the right and charged their lines. Major McConnell

