
hold on if possible. If necessary, I will transfer my whole force to Point Pleasant. Fire away with your artillery at transports, but do not waste ammunition, especially artillery ammunition, on the gunboats. I think the battery on the opposite shore can do you no harm. Strengthen your camps by every possible means. Surround it with rifle pits, and put every assistance I can give.

Respectfully and truly, yours,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CAIRO, ILL., March 9, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Saint Louis, Mo.:

Just received dispatch from Pope. Rebel gunboats after repeated efforts failed to disturb Plummer in a lodgment at Point Pleasant. Two transports attempted to pass up Friday night, but were prevented and one badly crippled by Plummer's two Parrott and one 13-pounder English rifled guns. Supplies completely cut off from below, but heavy rebel re-enforcements arriving from above. Pope made strong demonstration Friday, driving enemy to shore. Our troops in fine spirits. Have sent forward five infantry and one cavalry regiment to re-enforce Pope this morning. Will arrive at New Madrid Monday. Paine is very anxious to go to the field. Do let him go.

G. W. CULLUM,

Brigadier-General.

JEFFERSON CITY, March 9, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The expedition sent against rebels returned to Sedalia yesterday with some 40 prisoners captured under arms in Bates County, some ammunition, arms, &amp;c.,

THOS. J. McKEAN,

Brigadier-General.

WARRENTON, March 9, 1862.

General SCHOFIELD:

The rebel have taken Troy, Lincoln County, and robbed Union men and sworn the clerks of courts and taken their property. They are about 400 strong.

Captain Warrens has left with his command for Wellsville. He could be stopped if so ordered.

F. MORSEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

CAIRO, March 9, 1862.

Brigadier General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR GENERAL: Your letter referring to the payment of soldiers $18 per month was received this evening, and as Assistant

