
steps to have the sick in his charge removed, if possible, to Saint Louis; if not, to Cairo or Bird's Point, and so soon as this is done the four companies of the Twenty-second Missouri Volunteers will repair to Bird's Point and report to the commanding officer for duty. Colonel Foster, of this regiment, will report in person to the assistant adjutant-general at Saint Louis, to superintend the reorganization and filling up of his regiment.

All troops in this military district, excepting those named above, and the garrison at Cape Girardeau, will repair without delay to these headquarters.

All transportation whatever within this district will be brought forward by the forces en route for this place. A proper staff officer will be sent from these headquarters to direct and superintend the movements.

By order of General Pope:

SPEED BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LEBANON, March 11, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

My patrol, under command of Captains Warfel, Ludlow, and Heiden, has returned. They struck the nucleus of the force which Price is organizing in the southern counties under the avowed name of guerrilla force of the Fifth and Seventh Military Districts, killed 13, wounded 5, and took over 20 prisoners; only two escaped. The commander of the district guerrillas, General E. Campbell, was taken with his written authority from Price to raise guerrilla bands. He is now in my hands. This is the body which attacked my patrol on Friday. The engagement was 2 miles from the Montreal. We lost none in this engagement. One killed and 5 wounded on Friday.

GEO. E. WARING,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI,Saint Louis, March 11, 1862.

Brigadier-General MCKEAN, Jefferson City, Mo.:

It is reported that secessionists are committing great outrages about Clinton. A regiment of cavalry should be sent to Clinton and Osceola, and perhaps farther south, to break up these bands. I will send another expedition from Rolla through Lebanon, Buffalo, Bolivar, &amp;c., to co-operate.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,New Madrid, March 11, 1862.

General CULLUM:

I received last night your letter of yesterday morning. You have doubtless seen Colonel Bissell since. I am anxious to get the siege guns as soon as possible. With them I can settle matters without the

