
Major-General Hunter, whose date is senior to yours, has been relieved from his command, and the Secretary of War directs that you place some other officer at Fort Leavenworth. Acknowledge receipt of this by telegram.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,New Madrid, March 12, 1862.

Brigadier General E. A. PAINE,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: I have directed Colonel Elliott to report to you at daylight to-morrow morning with the Second Iowa Cavalry, and also a battery of four pieces, now encamped with General Hamilton's division. I desire you to hold your division in readiness to march at daylight to-morrow morning, with one day's cooked rations, full supply of ammunition, and everything in complete order for fighting. As soon as you perceive Hamilton's division (on your right) in motion, you will march your division to the road leading into New Madrid, through the center of our lines, and down that road until you are barely out of range of the enemy's gunboats. You will there remain until further orders. You will be careful to keep your pickets on the bayou road as far towards the enemy as possible, that our left may not be turned without due warning. Form your command in columns of division, doubled on the center, on each side of the road leading into New Madrid, and keep them well in hand, so that you can advance against the enemy at the shortest notice, being careful always to march well to the rear, so as to be quite out of range, and not to draw the enemy's fire. I wish you, an hour after dark to-night, to re-enforce the lower pickets along the bayou with four companies of sharpshooters, and direct them to feel their way in towards the town and drive in the enemy's pickets, so as to distract his attention from the work on the battery on our right. They had best keep up the enemy's alarm on our left in this way the greater part of the night. Orders will be sent to you in time for further movements.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, March 12, 1862.

Flag-Officer FOOTE, Cairo:

You will not make an attack on Island Numbers 10 until further orders. I wish to wait until General Pope gets his heavy guns in position to cut off the enemy's retreat.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAIRO, ILL., March 12, 1862.

Lieutenant H. A. WISE, U. S. N., or Assistant Secretary Fox:

I send you copy of my telegram forwarded at noon this day for General H. W. Halleck:

