
I am ready to move with seven gunboats and ten mortar boats upon Island Numbers 10 and New Madrid, but the troops and transports are not here, and I consider it unsafe to move without without troops to occupy Numbers 10 if we capture it, as we cannot take prisoners with gunboats. Hence, should we pass Numbers 10, after its capture the rebels on the Tennessee side would return and man their batteries, and thus shut up the river in our rear, as we should be short of coal and tow-boats to get back to reattack Numbers 10 or the opposite shore.

Can we proceed below, leaving these places unoccupied, without endangering Columbus, where, I believe, no guns have been mounted to sweep and protect the river below from the eleven gunboats of the rebels?

I wait your reply after these suggestions, which the exigencies of the service lead me thus fully to express.

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer.
HEADQUARTERS, DISTRICT NORTH MO. R. R.,Saint Louis, Mo., March 12, 1862.

Captain WARRENS,

Fifth Missouri Cavalry, Warrenton, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: An order has been sent you through Colonel Morsey to proceed with two companies to Troy, in Lincoln County, and occupy that place.

I want you to use your utmost exertions to ferret out and bring to justice the insurgents and jayhawkers in that region.

The general order, a copy of which is inclosed," will be your general guide in the discharge of your duty. You will observe that a certain kind of property only is to be seized and that only from a particular class of persons. Even this to be restored if the owner voluntarily gives himself up and is found to be such a one as should be released on bond and oath.

It is of the greatest importance that you prevent your men from committing depredations upon private property. The object is not so much to punish the rebels for what they have done as to prevent them from doing injury in the future.

This is to be done by putting the incorrigible out of the way, either by death or imprisonment, and by securing the good conduct of others through the obligation of a bond and oath, while many may be reclaimed by justice mingled with kindness.

It is reported that there is an extensive organization in Lincoln and adjoining counties of men who are determined to continue their insurgent operations, apparently for the purpose of plunder and revenge. Let none of these escape you, and be careful not to release improper persons on any conditions.

I hope to hear the best reports from your command.

Yours, very truly,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 61. Saint Louis, March 12, 1862.

Official notice having been received that the Secretary of the Treasury has adopted regulations for commercial intercourse with States heretofore

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

