
in insurrection against the United States, those of a military character promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 52, of March 3, and 57, of March 6, current series, from these headquarters, are hereby revoked.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. MCLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 111. Pea Ridge, Ark., March 12, 1862.

I. The First Division will move forward and take position as near the Third and Fourth as convenience will permit.

The Second Division will concentrate at Elkhorn Tavern, and be ready to move forward at any moment.

Supply trains and stores will be shifted to the advanced position.

II. Ample details for the sick and wounded will be provided by each regiment or company. As far as possible, they will be sent to Keetsville or home, as the surgeon in general charge may think proper.

Wounded officers and men, disabled for duty by wounds in the recent battle, on surgeon's certificate, are hereby granted leave to visit headquarters at Saint Louis and procure extension of their leave to recruit their health.

By order of Brigadier General S. R. Curtis:

T. I. MCKENNY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,

Saint Louis, March 13, 1862.

Flag-Officer FOOTE, Cairo:

You will proceed to-morrow morning with the gun and mortar boats to attack the enemy's batteries on Island Numbers 10. Brigadier-General Strong will be directed to send transports with infantry to occupy and hold any positions which you may take. I think the main work should be done with the mortar boats, and that the gunboats should not be unnecessarily exposed to a close fire, as they will immediately be required in other operations, which will not admit of delay for repairs.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CAIRO, ILL., March 13, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your instructions to attack Island Numbers 10 are received, and I shall move for that purpose to-morrow morning. I have made the following telegram to the Navy Department, which you will perceive will lead me to be cautious, and not bring the gunboats within short range of the enemy's batteries. Generally, in all our attacks down the river I will bear in mind the effect on this place and the other rivers which a serious disaster to the gunboats would involve. General Strong is telegraphic Paducah for transports, as there are none at Cairo:

