
roads and telegraph lines; and even in these localities military officers are specially directed not to interfere with the lawful process of any loyal civil court. It is believed that the time will soon come when the rebellion in Missouri may be considered as terminated, and when even the partial and temporary military restraint which has been exercised in particular places may be entirely withdrawn. By none is this more desired than by the general commanding.

II. It must, however, be borne in mind that in all places subject to the incursions of the enemy or to the depredations of insurgents and guerrilla bands, the military are authorized, without any formal declaration of martial law, to adopt such measures as may be necessary to restore the authority of the Government and to punish all violations of the laws of war. This power will be exercise only where the peace of the counry and the success of the Union cause absolutely require it.

III. Evidence has been received at these headquarters that Major General Sterling Price has issued commissions or licenses to certain bandits in this State, authorizing them to raise "guerrilla forces," for the purpose of plunder and marauding. General Price ought to know that such a course is contrary to the rules of civilized warfare, and that every man who enlists in such an organization forfeits his life and becomes and outlaw. All persons are hereby warned that if they life and becomes on outlaw. All persons are hereby warned that if they join any guerrilla band they will not, if captured, be treated as ordinary prisoners of war, but will be hung as robbers and murderers. Their lives shall atone for the barbarity of their general.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. MCLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., General 'S OFFICE Numbers 54. Washington, March 13, 1862.

* * * *

4. Brigadier General J. W. Denver is relieved from duty in the Department of the Mountain, and will report in person to Major-General Halleck, commanding Department of the Mississippi.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

NEAR NEW MADRID, March 13 (via Cairo, 14), 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Cannot more and larger size artillery be sent me; also ammunition for the 24-pounders and 8-inch howitzers? There is none at Cairo, and only 100 rounds were sent; also the 20-pounder Parrott guns at Jefferson Barracks.

Nine gunboats are here, carrying over fifty heavy guns, besides the heavy guns in the intrenchments. Unless our gunboats are sent here at once, more and heavier artillery ought to be sent me. I have very little ammunition for those I have.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General.

