
the tents. The furious thunder-storm which raged all night enabled them to get across the river without being discovered.

Our heavy battery was established during the night of the 12th within 800 yards of the enemy's works and opened at daylight on the 13th, just thirty-four hours after the guns were delivered to us at Cairo.

During the whole day yesterday our lines were drawn closer and closer around their works under the furious fire of sixty pieces of artillery. The fear of an assault upon their works at daylight induced them to flee precipitately during the night. I believe that there are no troops at Island Numbers 10, but shall know certainly during the night. Our forces behaved admirably. Our loss has been about 50 killed and wounded. Commodore Hollins was in command of the fleet, and Generals McCown, Stewart, and Gantt of the land forces. The gunboats went down the river. I have twenty-five heavy guns in the two works of the enemy, which command every foot of the river.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 14, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

After several days' skirmish and a number of attempts by the enemy's gunboats to dislodge General Pope's batteries at Point Pleasant the enemy has evacuated his fort and intrenchments at New Madrid, leaving all his artillery, field batteries, tents, wagons, mules, &amp;c., and an immense quantity of military stores. Brigadier General Schuyler Hamilton has occupied the place. This was the last stronghold of the enemy in this State. There is no rebel flag now flying in Missouri.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

FORT LEAVENWORTH, March 14, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding Department:

Colonel Deitzler, First Kansas, left in command of department, has 5,000 available troops at and around Fort Scott, with one battery of artillery; last heard from preparing to re-enforce General Curtis-probably not yet left. Has 200 wagons for regimental and commissary purposes; 135,000 complete rations.

Jennison at Humboldt, three days' march from Fort Scott. Eighth Kansas distributed as provost guard for the State. Second Kansas Cavalry, twelve companies, now being organized, armed, and equipped, near Lawrence. Colorado Volunteers, 600 strong, gone to re-enforce Colonel Canby. These, with post garrisons, aggregate 1,500, making proximate department aggregate only 8,000 available troops. Fort Scott within twenty-two hours' communication daily be express. Jayhawkers murdering and pillaging in Jackson County and border; consequently all Fourth Kansas, six companies, sent to Independence and Westport, Mo., to-day.

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

