
been purchased under irregular orders and paid for by the United States; these horses being then turned over to men and officers who were then drawing 40 cents extra per day for them as private property.

Without troops from other States or of a better kind to hold the mutinous in subjection General Hunter had a difficult and most laborious task in the administration of the department. The few officers willing to do right, if they knew how, had to be instructed in nearly every branch of their duties, and this was the more difficult, as for the first two months the department was almost entirely destitute of blanks and has never had a proper supply.

To remedy these things mustering offices were sent to remuster the regiments of Lane's brigade and consolidate the companies to the minimum standing, mustering out the surplus officers and all who could prove they had been enlisted at Home Guards under General Lyon's call. these mustering officers found that the companies ranged from 25 to 60 men each, but the average about 50, each having a captain and two lieutenants, and in some instances more; and had the department, as previously, been without troops from other States, there is every probability that a general mutiny of the regiments named would have taken place, instead of the partial mutinies which have been suppressed.

The mustering is now, I believe, complete, or will be in a few days; but the rolls have not yet been received, and until they are no reliable returns of Lane's brigade or Clark's cavalry battalion (formerly Tenth Kansas Regiment) can be prepared. Four or five companies have been mustered out as Home Guards, who should have been mustered out last October; and when the remuster rolls are received no doubt the Third and Fourth Kansas Infantry will be consolidated into one regiment, their overplus, if any, being needed to fill the ranks of the First Kansas, which has lacked its full complement by several hundred since the bale of Wilson's Creek. This will leave the State but three infantry regiments-the First, Third and Fourth consolidated, and Eighth.

The Fifth and Sixth Cavalry, too, can be consolidated into one regiment, absorbing a portion of Clark's battalion, and turning over the balance to fill the incomplete companies of the Kansas Ninth, hereafter, by Governor Robinson's order, to be known as the Kansas Second. This last-named regiment, of twelve companies, is now being armed, mounted, and equipped in camp near Lawrence, about 200 of its men belonging to the old Kansas Second (disbanded after the battle of Springfield), and six companies of the Ninth Kansas Cavalry, with other cavalry companies drawn from infantry regiments. This will give three full regiments of cavalry, of twelve companies each, as the complement of the State-the Second, and Fifth and Sixth had recently twelve regiments nominally, ten quasi regimental organizations, and attempts were in progress to raise two more Kansas regiments for service in New Mexico. This no doubt has caused the exaggerated opinions as to the strength of the department. It was represented that all Kansas had flocked to arms, whereas, in fact, no State has been more backward.

In the posts of the State there are distributed altogether 1,600 troops, 1,000 at this post, of whom 200 cavalry have been dispatched to-day to Independence, Jackson, and Johnson Counties.

In Colorado there are about 700 troops, the Colorado Volunteers now re-enforcing Colonel Canby in New Mexico.

In Nebraska two volunteer companies have been authorized, but have never reported; and in Dakota one.

