
Finally, I have the honor to submit that Colonel Deitzler has now under his command at Fort Scott the effective troops already set forth, and could raise 500 more cavalry by selecting the least badly mounted and armed of the Fifth and Sixth Kansas Cavalry, who all have old smooth-bore muskets, most of them pistols-their private property-but no swords. It was the intention to have armed and quipped them properly on the roll of their remuster, when it could be seen what men and companies were mustered out as Home Guards and what retained. I may add, however, that General Hunter entered a respectful remonstrance against raising in and sending to this department so many calvary regiments, Kansas, except in spring and summer, being more destitute of forage than any other of the State.

In conclusion, I would state that it was General Hunter's opinion, and that of all the experienced regular officers at the post that until the more objectionable of the Kansas regiments can be reofficered to a great extent and removed from local influences they can never assume a respectful position in the service of their country.

Pardon me for having intruded at such length on time so valuable as yours, my motive having been an eager desire to place you at the earliest possible moment in possession of information that might possibly be important to your plans.

I have the honor to be, general, with sincere respect, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Forwarded to Secretary of War, March 18, 1862.)

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPT. OF KANSAS, Numbers 26. Fort Leavenworth, Kans., February 28, 1862.

I. Pursuant to instructions from Headquarters of the Army, dated Adjutant-General's Office, Washington, D. C., February 1, 1862, and by and with the consent of His Excellency the Governor of Kansas, the following reconstruction of the volunteer forces of the State of Kansas is hereby made, in accordance with the acts of Congress heretofore promulgated in General Orders, series of 1861, from the War Department.*

* * * *

By order of Major-General Hunter:

CHAS. G. HALPINE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 14, 1862.

General CURTIS, Arkansas:

Re-enforcements and ammunition have been sent and will reach you in time. Hold your position. If the enemy should attack you again you will be relatively much stronger than before.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

---------------

*The remainder of this order, in detail recognizes the existing First and Fourth Infantry, the Seventh Cavalry, and Clark's battalion; and reorganized the Third and Eighth Infantry, and the Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Cavalry.

---------------

