
CAMP STEVENS (via Springfield, March 15, 1862).

Captain N. H. MCLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A few cartridges have arrived. Flour said to be within one day's drive. I hear of Hunter's troops this side of Fort Scott. All quite here. Near Bentonville found large quantity of arms concealed in a cave, probably the arms of Colonel Rector's regiment. Have horses been started to supply those killed in battle?

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 25. New Madrid, March 16, 1862.

The following dispatch from Major-General Halleck, commanding this department, has been received, and with this order will be published at the head of every regiment and detachment of this command:
HEADQUARTERS, Saint Louis, March 14.

Major-General POPE:

I congratulate you and your command on the success which has crowned your toils and exposure. You have given the final blow to the rebellion in Missouri and proved yourselves worthy members of the brave Army of the West.

H. W. HALLECK,Major-General.

Much as the general commanding this army desired to shield the forces under his command from unnecessary suffering and loss of life, the success of our operations required unusual courage and fortitude and an exhibition of the highest qualities of the soldier.

The general commanding had expected much from the gallant men of this army, but he is proud and gratified to say that his anticipations have been more than realized, and that he has been impressed with a confidence in the officers and men of this army which foreshadows for them a most brilliant future.

To be the commander of such troops is an honor to any man, and the general commanding assures them that in their future operations he will endeavor to so conduct them that their gallant and soldierly qualities shall secure for them that honor and fame which are their due.

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 17, 1862.

Brigadier-General STRONG, Cairo, Ill.:

Steamer Nebraska will join Commodore Foote's expedition, the siege guns to be used in reducing the enemy's works. Send the following with all possible haste to General Pope:

You will immediately construct a road across the swamp to the river below Saint James, so that your forces can assist the flotilla against Island Numbers 10. The heavy siege guns and siege ammunition and ferry-boats will meet on the river. I think you had better strike nearly straight across the peninsula, as it will b the shortest line.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

