
to purchase, jayhawking could be controlled. So far from our usual source, some exertion is required to avoid the alternative which is constantly presented, starve or steal. This dilemma could be avoided by an efficient quartermaster, and I hope I will be supported in my efforts to secure reform in this regard.

The killed, wounded, and missing at the battle of Pea Ridge is near 1,400.* My accommodations for the wounded are very meager, and they suffer in consequence.

All quiet this side the Boston Mountains, except some mischief to the people, committed by the Indians near Cane Hill.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,New Madrid, March 18, 1862.

General PLUMMER:

It is possible that the enemy, who is moving his whole infantry force from Island Numbers 10 to Tiptonville, may attempt to cross in force and attack the lower battery, now supported by General Palmer. In that case you will at once march to his aid, leaving only your guns in battery and your sharpshooters in the rifle pits. The enemy;s whole force is only about 8,500 infantry, with perhaps two batteries of light artillery; no match for Palmer and yourself united. i send down a full regiment of cavalry to report to you. Send three companies to General Palmer and keep open constant and frequent communication with him and with me. There are two regiments of Michigan cavalry here, admirably on foot, and can re-enforce you, if necessary, in an hour. It is beyond measure important to maintain the heavy batteries below Point Pleasant. As long as they are thee supplies are cut off and thee is no escape for the enemy. They cannot get off by land. Below Tiptonville the swamps begin, and it will not be possible to ship troops any lower down than that place. I rely much upon your skill and vigor, which if fairly exhibited for a few days will secure us most important results.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,New Madrid, March 18, 1862.

General PALMER:

I judge from what was stated to me by the officer of engineers who came up this morning that the 24-pounder siege gun which was placed in battery last night is too high up the river to accomplish the purpose for which it was designed. I have directed Lieutenant-Colonel Adams to place the other guns in position about 1 1/2 miles below where the other gun is, if a suitable place can be found there. The object is to command Tiptonville and the shore for a half a mile below, so as to prevent the embarkation of troops. It may be that the enemy will attempt to cross and come up on you from below. I send three companies of cavalry to you, to enable you to keep out scouts and keep

---------------

*See p. 206.

---------------

