
in the flag-officers' desk, depositing itself in the drawer as quietly as possible. We have battered the fort all to pieces, dismounting one gun; but night came upon us, and we had to leave without finishing the work, but will to-morrow go at him again. A rifled gun burst on board the St. Louis and killed 2 outright, wounded mortally 2 more, and wounded 10 others. These are the only casualties. the mortars are doing their work well. I shall to-day, by direction of Flag-Officer Foote, send down six more mortar boats, making sixteen in all.

A. M. PENNOCK,

For Flag-Officer Foote.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,March 18, 1862 (via Springfield).

Captain N. H. MCLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The enemy again approaching in force. Will have to fall back to near Keetsville; otherwise my supplies will be in danger. Besides, we must have cartridges. Hurry them forward; also re-enforcements. This move is the unanimous opinion of my officers in council.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., March 19, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

GENERAL: Numerous complaints have been made to this Department on behalf of persons representing themselves to be aggrieved by military outrages, especially in Jackson County, Missouri. O. G. Cates, Esq., and agent of these persons, has been here for some time. Your orders from time to time have manifested your purpose to afford all the protection in your power, and you are best able to judge what should be done in the premises. The whole subject is therefore to you, and if any aid can be rendered by this Department it will be furnished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., March 19, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding the Department of Mississippi:

GENERAL: It is the desire of the President, on the application of the Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, that you should detail two regiments to act in the Indian country, with a view to open the way for the friendly Indians who are ow refugees in Southern Kansas to return to their homes and to protect them there. Five thousand friendly Indians will also be armed to aid in their own protection, and you will please furnish them with necessary subsistence.

