
available men to od the digging. Of course you will begin below, and not open the upper end to the river until the whole ditch is completed. Affairs below are in such condition that the presence of this force here is necessary. It is not possible, from your report, to get any part of it up to Island Numbers 10 or to island Numbers 8, nor do I see what good result could be effected by carrying it there. Colonel Buford has men enough to establish and work his heavy guns if it be desirable to establish them in position. Write fully.

Respectfully, colonel, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, March 19, 1862.

General CURTIS,

Commanding Army of the Southwest:

GENERAL: I was by no means surprised at General Sigel's conduct before the battle of Pea Ridge. It was precisely in keeping with what he did at Carthage and Wilson's Creek. After your expedition started I received documentary proofs from Generals Sturgis, Schofield, and Totten, and a number of other officers, in regard to his conduct on those occasions, which destroyed all my confidence in him. It was for that reason that I telegraphed you so often not to let Sigel separate from you. I anticipated that he would try to play you a trick by being absent at the critical moment. I wished to forewarn you of the snare, but I could not then give you my reasons. I am glad that you prevented his projects and saved your army. I cannot describe to you how much uneasiness I felt for you. You saved your army and won a glorious victory by refusing to take his advice. I do not believe he has been made a major-general. If so, I shall ask to have him sent to some other department.

A large number of extra teams have been sent you from Tipton and Sedalia via Linn Creek, and horses and wagons will be sent to Rolla as fast as possible. The drafts for transportation in Tennessee have been so urgent as to greatly embarrass us. We are doing everything in our power to supply you.

It is not intended to advance across Boston Mountains on any consideration. My instructions are not to advance to Fort Smith, but to keep the enemy south of Boston Mountains till he can be turned and cut off from his main source of supplies. He has already evacuated Pocahontas, and we hope soon to hear of his leaving Jacksonport. If Van Dorn does not fall back for the defense of White River and leave Arkansas he will be obliged to retreat south of the latter river. In either case you will be relieved of his presence.

Yours, in haste,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

PILOT KNOB, MO., March 19, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department:

GENERAL: We have reliable information from Pocahontas. There are 2,000 State troops and Jeff. Thompson with 100 of his men there.

