
They hae also seven or eight pieces of artillery, not all serviceable. The roads are in such a state that the supply train sent to Carlin could not make over 6 miles a day. Carlin has succeeded in getting some flour, meal, pork, and bacon, and considerable forage in the neighborhood where he now is; thinks he can get all the forage he wants. if is his opinion that we can safely calculate upon getting half rations of meat and flour anywhere in this State or in Arkansas. If the marauding bands should be broken up and the people feel assured of our protection they will bring in everything we want that they can spare for the money. As I supposed, the rebels have removed all the ferries on Current River. Carlin is building we want that they can spare for the money. As I supposed, the rebels have removed all the ferries on Current River. Carlin is building a bridge across Black River. I will direct him to move forward to Doniphan or Pitman's Ferry and establish a depot there. Supplies of forage, &amp;c., will be more easily procured from the country at either of those points. I sent a man down who is well acquainted with the people, and who assured me that he could get a plenty of corn. The roads south of Rives' Station are reported good. The mules we have are all so small that I sent my wagon-master to Saint Louis to get some larger ones for wheel mules. It is reported at Pocahontas that at the battle of Pea Ridge McCulloch was dangerously wounded, Price wounded, and McIntosh killed.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 19, 1862.

Brigadier-General SCHOFIELD:

Information is just received that there is a body of organized insurgents at Florida, in Monroe County, of from 1,000 to 1,500. Numbers probably exaggerated. I think that Colonel Huston's regiment and perhaps a part of Merrill's Horse should operate to break them up. You are authorized to give all orders deemed necessary.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Enemy's flotilla, hemmed in between Commodore Foote and General Pope, has made another attempt to escape down the river. Gunboats cannonaded General Pope's batteries on the 18th for an hour and a half, but were driven back with severe loss. One gunboat was sunk and several badly damaged. They are completely hemmed in, and can escape only by fighting their way out.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 20, 1862.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

Dispatches just received from Colonel Canby, New Mexico, begging for re-enforcements. Deitzler's command of five or six regiments near Fort Scott, intended to re-enforce General Curtis, can be withdrawn

