
session of their regimental flag, which they found hoisted at the court-house.

Your most obedient servant,

C. SCHAEFFER BOERNSTEIN,

Major and Chief of Staff.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier-General A. Asboth, U. S. Army.

BENTONVILLE, ARK., February 18, 1862.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that I entered this place with my command at 20 minutes past 12 o'clock, taking down the secession flag floating from the court-house, and securing a number of prisoners and arms. I hold now quiet possession of the surrounded town, and, searching all the houses, will collect further arms and ammunition.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION,Camp at Sugar Creek Crossing, Benton, Co., Ark., Feb. 19, 1862.

GENERAL: By your order of yesterday I was directed to set out with a portion of my cavalry and two pieces of artillery upon a reconnoitering expedition on the road to Bentonville, under instructions to take possession of that town if possible. In obedience to and in furtherance of this order I issued to Special Order, Numbers 30, herewith inclosed,* and with the force therein designated started upon the reconnaissance at 9.30 o'clock a. m. Following Sugar Creek 4 1/2 miles, I struck the Cassville and Springfield road (which leaves the Wire road at a point 6 miles behind Sugar Creek Crossing, where the First and Second Divisions were last encamped), and after surprising a dismounted rebel cavalry picket 4 miles this side of Bentonville and taking some of their horses and all their saddles and bridles, I occupied Bentonville at 20 minutes past 12 o'clock. The accompanying topographical sketch,* with notes of explanation, gives a full description of the road, together with the character of the country, its resources, camping sites, &amp;c.

The deserted rebel camp exhibited vestiges of a late encampment of about 5,000 men, the larger part of whom, according to information received, has departed on the road to Smith's Mill,towards Bloomington, or Mud Town. Bentonville was entirely deserted upon our taking possession of it. In a short time, however, we collected from the bushes in its vicinity about 60 men, 32 of whom, being rebel soldiers or taken with arms, I brought in as prisoners. A list of their names is herewith inclosed.* To the others, sick and wounded and non-combatant inhabitants of the town, I administered the oath of allegiance.

---------------

*Omitted as of no present importance.

---------------

