HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,March 21, 1862.

Captain N. H. MCLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The enemy's cavalry retired beyond the mountains. My advance was in Fayetteville yesterday. Indians retired also; probably scattered in the nation. General Van Dorn was at Van Buren on the 15th. Lieutenant-Colonels Herron and Chandler have been sent to me for exchange under flag of truce; came by Colonel Clay Taylor, which I accept according to General Halleck's tariff, and send for all my men in the rebel army to be exchanged on the same terms. Colonel Taylor thinks they will be forwarded. If they are, Is hall send for some of those I have forwarded to Saint Louis as equivalents. A severe snow-storm is going off. I am starting new mills, and hope soon to have flour. The move of the enemy was probably for the purpose mainly of capturing my foraging parties, but it terrified the citizens, who brought news of the former movement, and they came again with exaggerated reports of the enemy. I shall continue to keep a force in readiness, but the entire absence of forage this side of the mountains makes it necessary to hold my main force near my source of supplies. Paymasters and a few more cartridges are said to be en route this side of Springfield. No news from Leavenworth troops or any others.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 21, 1862.

Colonel S. H. BOYD, Rolla, Mo.:

Send forward to General Curtis all available forces and ammunition without delay. Additional troops will be sent from here as soon as they can be armed.

If any of the Fourth Iowa Cavalry refuse to go forward immediately arrest them for mutiny and place them in confinement.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 21, 1862.

Brigadier-General TOTTEN,

Jefferson City, Mo.:

GENERAL: I am receiving numerous complaints of depredations of rebel bands in Jackson, La Fayette, and Johnson counties. Your troops should immediately take the field and effectually break them up. I hope to hear soon some good results from prompt and efficient operations in your district.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE FRONTIER,Rolla, Mo., March 21, 1862.

Brigadier General JAMES TOTTEN,

Commanding Second Div., Army of the Frontier, Camp on Elk Creek:

GENERAL: It is still reported that Marmaduke intends making

