
another raid in some direction; what, does not appear. He may possibly attempt to pass between your division and White River, for the purpose of attacking Forsyth in the rear. This would be comparatively easy, now that the Third Division has moved east. It will be necessary for you to watch that region of country carefully. You are authorized to move your division for forage whenever it shall become necessary and in whatever direction you find it expedient, keeping in view, however, the necessity I have mentioned of guarding the passes between the position you may occupy and White River.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 22, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK, Saint Louis:

The Secretary of the Treasury is making arrangements to borrow money in New York, and hopes to supply you and pay off your troops in a few days.

It will be necessary to report the state of your command and the number of troops in order to make the estimates, so as to keep you supplied. I have requested the Treasury Department to give you the preference over all other claims to the payment of troops and procurement of supplies.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, Mo., March 23, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: A telegram from General Curtis some days ago stated that the enemy was returning to attack him with a very large army, and that he required large re-enforcements. I immediately sent him several additional regiments, but another telegram, received last evening, stated that it was a false alarm, and that the enemy had now withdrawn all his forces to the south of Boston Mountains.

I am organizing a column for New Mexico as rapidly as possible. It, however, will take some days to collect troops, artillery, and horses, and a train. General Brice will be placed in command of this column. I have no personal acquaintance with him, but many officers in whose judgment I have great confidence say he is admirably suited for that duty, having energy and good judgment, and being thoroughly acquainted with every part of New Mexico. I know General Canby well. He is one of the best officers in the service. I am certain that he will do everything possible to hold out until our re-enforcements can reach him. I therefore do not deem it necessary, at leas for the present, to attach New Mexico to this department. I am confident that General Canby and myself can co-operate as well as if he were under my direct orders. Moreover, his command is so very distant that I could not well direct his movements and by having an independent position he can act more freely.

General Pope is gradually working his way through the swamps south

