
days in advance by persons not under my control I must cease to correspond with the forces above me.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

PILOT KNOW, MO., March 23, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. A.:

GENERAL: The Eleventh Wisconsin Infantry and the Sixteenth Ohio Battery marched from here this morning to join the advance qt Doniphan or Pitman's Ferry. Three squadrons of the Fifth Illinois Cavalry are waiting here for the return of their baggage wagons, which were sent forward with supplies, the supply train not being sufficient to keep the troops in advance provisioned. the other three squadrons of that regiment are at Greenville, having been sent as escorts to trains and as guard to the depot. I have detailed the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, four squadrons, under Colonel Bell, to guard the depot at this point and at Greenville, or wherever it may be established, and to escort trains and as guard to the depot. I have detailed the Thirteenth Illinois Cavalry, four squadrons, under Colonel Bell, to guard the depot at this point and at Greenville, or wherever it may be established, and to escort trains between these points. The squadron of Illinois cavalry, under Captain Dodson (Dodson's and Huntley's troop), I shall take with me into the field. We have received 75 wheel mules and some teamsters from Saint Louis, and shall be able to get up an efficient supply train immediately. We have no ammunition for the batteries except what is in the boxes of the caissons and limbers-200 rounds of mixed ammunition. This is half the usual allowance for a campaign, and might not be sufficient if we should intrench ourselves at Helena. This did not occur to me until I inspected Captain Mitchell's battery. He has four 6-pounder guns and two 12-pounder howitzers. Captain Manter has a 4-gun battery. I do not know whether either one is a howitzer. I know nothing about the small guns in possession of one of the cavalry regiments. If ammunition should be sent here, it could be forwarded to me immediately.*

I have been informed that all the prisoners of war taken by the rebels in Missouri and Arkansas are confined in the penitentiary at Little Rock. I could not ascertain whether or not there was any force at that place besides a prison guard.

I think General Curtis will have another battle soon. If Van Dorn should be defeated again he may turn his attention to my command. I do not anticipate much resistance this side of Helena. It is reported that they have been building iron-clad gunboats on the lower Mississippi.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 23, 1862.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS:

It is reported that the enemy has about 100 negroes engaged in the saltpeter works in Marion County, a little east of Worth. They are

---------------

*Some matter of detail here omitted.

---------------

