
guarded by only one company. A detachment of cavalry from Springfield could destroy these works and free the negroes, as being employed in enemy's service.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., March 23, 1862.

Captain N. H. MCLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a communication, dated Saint Louis, Mo., March 21, 1862, from Major-General Halleck, commanding the department, touching certain reports of disturbances in la Fayette, Jackson, and Johnson Counties, in this State. His instructions shall be attended to carefully and at the earliest possible day.

In connection with this, I would also mention, for the information of the major-general commanding, that I have just heard rumors from other sources of a disorderly state of things in Bates County, where a certain scoundrel, Jackman, heads a band of robbers and desperadoes, numbering, it is reported by Colonel Warren, as high as 500. Before my arrival here my predecessor, General McKean, had given orders which, when carried out, places eighth companies of the First Iowa Cavalry and one section First Missouri Light Artillery at Clinton, Henry County. The object of this was undoubtedly to watch Jackman in Bates County, and also to keep an eye to the quiet of the other counties adjacent to Henry. the order of General McKean directs two companies First Iowa Cavalry, stationed at Lexington, to proceed to Sedalia when relieved by Companies A and C, Missouri State Militia, from Booneville.

The two companies First Iowa Cavalry from Lexington are represented as being broken down in horses and as requiring rest. When these two companies reach Sedalia, and General McKean's orders are complied with, there will be four companies of calvary at Sedalia.

I am, captain, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., March 23, 1862.

Captain N. H. MCLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to state, for the information of the major-general commanding, that about 4 o'clock p. m. to-day, after the departure of all the mails, I received a messenger from Colonel L. Merrill, at Columbia, who brought the information that rebels t the number of from 60 to 150 were concentrated in the vicinity of Mount Vermont, Moniteau County, and that he would co-operate on the north side of the river with any expedition I might be pleased to order in that direction.

Deeming this matter of considerable importance I have sent out troops named in the inclosed copy of instructions to Lieutenant-Colonel Blood, commanding post at Tipton, Mo.

The infantry from here went by special train and the cavalry and

