
artillery marched by road, both leaving here about 9 o'clock p. m. for California, Mo.

I also inclose copies of Special Order, Nos. 4 and 5,* from these headquarters.

For fear Lieutenant-Colonel Blood might be absent or necessarily prevented from taking command of the expedition, I sent Major Fletcher to Tipton with dispatches, and in such event to take command himself (Special Order, Numbers 5).

The inclosed telegrams+ were deemed necessary on account of the weakening of the posts of California and Tipton.

Two companies Twenty-sixth Indiana are to move from the La Mine to Syracuse, relieving the two companies Sixth Missouri Volunteers there, who will move to Tipton, and the one company Sixth Missouri at Tipton to California, thus giving, as before, two companies at each of the above points and leaving still seven at the La Mine.

Owing to the heavy extra duty, building block and guard houses, guarding bridges, and to sickness in the troops here, it has been deemed necessary to bring troops from La Mine to other points in this direction.

In order that the major-general commanding the department may comprehend the whole affair, I send also herewith a copy of Colonel Merrill's letter from Columbia,+ giving the information relative to the band after whom I have dispatched Lieutenant-Colonel Blood.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., March 23, 1862.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. BLOOD,

Sixth Missouri Volunteers:

SIR: Information has just been received from Colonel L. Merrill, commanding United States Volunteers at Columbia, Boone County, Mo., that a a band of guerrillas, variously estimated at from 60 to 150, are infesting the country on this side of the Missouri River, in Moniteau County, opposite Providence, in Boone County, to a point as high up the river as Rocheport Ferry, landing within 10 miles of Booneville. The camp-fires of these guerrillas have been seen on this side of the river by scouts in Boone County, near Providence.

It is necessary that these bands of lawless guerrillas should be thoroughly broken up and exterminated, and I have selected you in this instance to accomplish this most desirable and important duty, and I hope, by your energy and secret and rapid movements, you may be able to give the outlaws a terrible and long-to-be-remembered lesson.

To accomplish this object I have caused the following-named troops to march, and have directed them to report to you at Pisgah, some 12 or 15 miles northeast from Tipton. The troops ordered to report to you from this place and California are-

1st. Captain Adams' company, C, Sixth Missouri Volunteers, numbering about 45 men, from Jefferson City.

2nd. Captain Daniel Rice's company, with a detachment of Lieutenant

---------------

*Omitted as unimportant.

+Not found.

---------------

