
Ward's company, both belonging to the Missouri State Volunteers, from Jefferson City, numbering about 90 men.

3rd. One section (two pieces) of Captain Cockefair's Third Indiana, Battery, from Jefferson City, numbering about 30 men.

4th. Captain Fletcher's company, B, Sixth Missouri Volunteers, from California, numbering 65 or 70 men, probably.

In addition to the above-mentioned troops, you will take with you from Tipton Captain Bragg's company, A, Sixth Missouri Volunteers, which I have calculated will make your entire force about 170 foot, 90 horse, and two pieces of artillery.

My object in giving you thus large a force is that you may crush out this band of outlaws, guerrillas, and robbers, and utterly annihilate them.

On the receipt of this you will proceed with Captain Bragg's company to Pisgah, where you will be joined by the troops hereinbefore mentioned. When you command has all come up, if they are not already thee when you arrive, you will proceed, via Midway, to Mount Vernon, carefully examining the country as you approach that place, and as far as the Missouri River, opposite Providence, to ascertain the whereabout of the guerrilla band which you are after, and which is under Watson.

Your expedition may take you as far as Rocheport Ferry Landing, or even nearer to Booneville, before learning anything of the robbers, but find them, and do not spare them when found.

You would do well to get a good, reliable guide to give you information about every road and by-path in the country through which you pass. About northwest from Midway, and probably 8 miles distant therefrom, is a place called Clarke's Fork, which it may be well to examine into closely in your pursuit of the guerrillas.

By inquiry of such loyal men among the farmers as you may find, it is hoped, however, that you will, without much trouble, learn the whereabouts of the band you seek, and come upon them unexpectedly.

After you have found and punished the robbers and utterly broken them up or satisfied yourself they are not in existence, you will order your troops back to their respective posts, and report the result of your expedition to these headquarters.

You must take at least ten days' rations with your command from Tipton; all the other companies have the same.

If anything of importance occurs in connection with your command report immediately by express.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., March 24, 1862.

Colonel LEWIS MERRILL,

Commanding, Columbia, Mo.:

Your communication of the 22nd instant came to hand yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock, and in accordance with your suggestions I dispatched last night an expedition from this point, to proceed via California and Pisgah, where they will be joined by re-enforcements from Tipton, and, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Blood, Sixth Missouri Volunteers, they are to thoroughly scour the country on this side of the

