
The rebel post quartermaster escaped from his office, but his horse and equipments was taken, together with his office papers and accounts, as were also the mail-bag and letters from the post-office, besides those found in the barracks and hospitals. Four teams, all that were in the town, were loaded with provisions, arms, accounterments, clothing, &amp;c., which were placed in charge of my acting division quartermaster, Captain Bensberg, together with 7 horses in teams and $475.75 in Confederate bills dropped by a flying rebel. Twenty-nine other horses taken are in possession of the respective cavalry companies, and will be immediately collected for the use of the artillery.

The last rebel troops left Bentonville on Sunday-some of their baggage trains not until Monday forenoon-all in the direction of Mud Town, to re-enforce, as is stated, the enemy's position at Cross Hollow. No troops have come from or left for Maysville.

On my return I took another road, represented to be good, without any creek crossings, joining the Fayetteville road 4 miles south of Sugar Creek Crossing, but as it was already sunset, and my cavalry, besides the 2 pieces of artillery, embarrassed with 32 prisoners and laden wagons, and no knowing with certainty the position of the enemy on the Fayetteville road, from where cannonading was heard the whole afternoon, I resumed the Smith Mill road again to Sugar Creek Valley and arriving at out encampment with my whole command at about 7.30 o'clock in the evening, presented the secession flag to General Curtis, commanding.

The provisions and clothing taken will be distributed among the men of the command. One of the wagons, however, having been overturned near the camp of the First Division, its 2 horses, together with the provisions it contained, were appropriated by the troops.

It was impossible for me to explore the section of country lying between the Fayetteville road, the Sugar Cree road to Bentonville, and the road from that place by Osage Springs to Mud Town, but from information received it is intersected by by-roads in all directions, adapted to cavalry maneuvers in flank of the rebel position at Cross Hollow. It however lacks water. A closer examination is required.

With regard to the 32 prisoners and 34 muskets and rifles, as well as to the disposition of the before-mentioned money, I would ask for orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

General FRANZ SIGEL,

Commanding First and Second Divisions.

FEBRUARY 18-19, 1862.-Expedition to Mount Vernon, Mo.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James K. Mills.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF SPRINGFIELD, MO.,February 20, 1862.

GENERAL: Learning that the section flag was in Mount Vernon, and that a small party of Price's soldiers (cut off by your advance to the southward) had entered the place, I dispatched Captain Mudgett, of the Third Iowa Cavalry, with 30 men of his command, to capture them. They left here on the 18th and returned on the evening of the

