HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, March 24, 1862.

General POPE, New Madrid:

Yours of yesterday received. Commodore Foote will not attempt to run past the batteries and he cannot reduce them. If the crossing cannot be effected with safety it had better not be undertaken. the main object is accomplished by holding the enemy in position. If the idea of crossing is given up, send all the forces you can spare to bird's Point, to be transported up the Tennessee. We can there turn the enemy and cut off his retreat by land, while your guns command the river. If this meets your views, I will also withdraw the forces from Hickman with the same object. The immediate reduction of these batteries is not important, but the failure in an attempt to cross your army over the river might be disastrous. I am decidedly in favor of the move up the Tennessee. Answer.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, March 24, 1862.

Major J. D. SNEDICOR,

Provost-Marshal, Fulton, Mo.:

MAJOR: In order that our enemies may be disarmed and that our friends may not be left isolated and exposed, to be overpowered and disarmed by rebels, you will take possession of all fire-arms of every description in your district. Give to the owner a certificate, and so number or mark the arms that they can be restored at the close of the rebellion. The arms you will keep or deposit in a secure place, where they will be properly guarded. In order to obtain arms, &amp;c., you may in your discretion resort to the oath, a copy of which was forwarded you by Dr. Martin.

We have been at fault to know where to ship blanks and stationery for you. I will send them to Mexico, to care of postmaster, immediately on receipt of your requisitions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.

C. FLETCHER, Assistant.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Sain Louis, March 25, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: Your letter of the 19th instant in relation to military outrages in Jackson County, Missouri, is just received. I have had two regiments stationed or moving in Jackson County for some time past in order to put a stop to these depredations. This is as much as I can do, for many other counties in this State are equally urgent in their calls for protection, and to gratify them all would require an army of 50,000 men to be distributed through Missouri in addition to the militia.

That many and in some cases horrible outrages hae been committed

41 R R-VOL VIII

