
the border and enable me to send most of the Kansas troops into the field, where they might be of some use. As it now is they are really worse than useless, for they compel me to keep troops from other States on the Missouri border to prevent these Kansas troops from committing murders and robberies. It appears, however, that there are some political influences connected with this matter. Not being a politicians in Congress should be permitted to dictate the selection of officers for particular duties in this department. Under such circumstances I cannot be responsible for the results. Nevertheless I shall comply with the President's wishes, and place some other officer in command in Kansas as soon as I can spare one for that purpose.

On consultation with Major Donaldson, just from New Mexico, it has been determined to send out an expedition of one regiment of cavalry, three of infantry, and two or three batteries. He does not deem a larger force necessary. Moreover it will be a very difficult task to get this number through at this season, as there is no forage or grass on the road. Many say that all our animals will die for want of food before they can reach Fort Union, while others say they can get through if managed with care. The urgency of the case requires, in my opinion, that we run all risks in order to save General Canby's command if it is possible. It is estimated that each regiment will require at least 100 wagons to carry it through, and as there is no large amount of stores at Fort Union, the general supply train must follow as early as possible. is hall do everything in my power to urge the expedition forward as rapidly as possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, OFFICE PROVOST- MARSHAL-GENERAL,

Saint Louis, march 28, 1862.

By General Orders, Numbers 41, current series, issued from headquarters of the Department of the Missouri by Major-General Halleck, commanding, every voter will be required to take the oath of allegiance prescribed in article 6 of the ordinance of the Convention, dated October 16, 1862. This applies to all elections whether for State, municipal, county, or town officers.

Officers of the polls, judges, clerks, and civil officers, whose duty by law it is made to attend elections, will be held responsible for the execution of this order. If they receive votes of persons not taking the oath, they will arrested and tried for military offense and the election will be declared void.

In order that no mistake or fraud may occur, it is directed and required that every voter subscribe the oath of allegiance in the form directed by the order of General Halleck, and swear to it, either before some officer authorized to administer oaths for general purposes or before one of the judges of election, and file the same with the judges of election at the time of depositing his vote; that said oaths so taken shall be returned, with the poll-book, to the officer to whom the law may direct the same to be turned, and said oaths to be by him preserved.

BERNARD G. FARRAR,

Provost-Marshal-General.

