
19th, having been perfectly successful. They took the flag and 5 prisoners, and once more raised the Stars and Stripes over the court-house.

I have discovered the whereabouts of some 125 rebels some 28 miles from here, who were cut off from joining Price, and are reported to have a train with them. I have organized a sufficient force, and as soon as my spies return shall send after them.

Respectfully, yours,

JAMES K. MILLS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

Brigadier-General CURTIS,

Commanding Army of Southwest.

FEBRUARY 19, 1862.-Skirmish at West Plains, Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Lieutenant Colonel S. N. Wood, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 2.-Major William C. Drake, Third Iowa Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Lieutenant Colonel S. N. Wood, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS WOOD'S BATTALION, SIXTH MISSOURI VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Rolla, February 26, 1862.

COLONEL: According to your order of February 15 I left camp Sunday, February 16, 1862, with all my available force, consisting of Company A, Captain S. A. Breese, 42 men; Campany B, Captain Hackney, 25 men; Company C, Lieutenants Martin and Hawkins, 27 men; Company D, Captain E. M. Morris, 29 men; Company E, Captain De Gross and Lieutenant Cole, 29 men; total, 152; arrived at Salem, Mo., the same evening, and reported to Major Drake, Third Iowa Cavalry; got what information I could, and we mutually agreed upon an expediton south, and both went to work to get our commands ready to move. Major Drake's command consisted of Captain Miller and Lieutenant Cherrie and 60 men, Lieutenant McDannal and 50 men; total,110 men; making a total force of 262 men; Company A, of my battalion, taking along their mountain howitzer. We camped Monday night 8 miles south of Salem. Tuesday we traveled 30 miles, to Roark's store, in Spring Valley. Wednesday morning at 1 o'clock we were in our saddles and on our way to either Thomasville or West Plains. Eight miles brought us to Harlow's Mill, a notorious rebel rendezvous, and 30 miles from either Thomasville or West Plains. A cold sleet had fallen all the morning. My men were completely saturated and almost frozen. We were compelled to halt and build fires to keep from freezing.

Here I learned that Coleman's infantry was at West Plains, but no troops in Thomasville. Where Coleman himself was I could not learn I immediately detailed a small wagon guard, and with the balance of command, including our mountain howitzer, pushed on 30 miles to West Plains. I sent Major drake with the Third Iowa Battalion to take

