
PARIS STATION, March 31, 1862.

General HALLECK:

Colonel Carlin marched this morning with two regiments infantry, one regiment cavalry, and one battery, by way of Doniphan, to collect supplies and take possession of Pitman's Ferry. The rest of the command will go direct to Pitman's, but cannot leave for several days. I found it necessary to send a train back to Pilot Knob for articles which the regiments ought to have supplied themselves with.

FRED'K STEELE,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 7. Cross Timber, March 31, 1862.

The following order of Major-General Halleck, commanding the department, having just been received, is published, that the officers and soldiers of this command may know that during their long winter marches they have neither been forgotten nor their merits unappreciated at home.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSOURI, Numbers 56. Saint Louis, March 5, 1862.

SOLDIERS OF THE ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST: You have nobly performed the duty assigned you. You have made a long and fatiguing march in midwinter over almost impassable roads, throughout snow, deep mud, and swollen streams. You have driven the enemy from Missouri into the barren mountains of Arkansas. It is not your fault that he did not stay to give you battle. Fighting, however, is but a small part of a soldier's duty. It is discipline, endurance, obedience to orders, as much as steadiness and courage in the battle-field, that distinguished the veteran from the recruit.

Let not the honors you have won in this campaign be tarnished by any excesses or improprieties. All officers must maintain order and enforce discipline in their commands. You have an active foe before you. Be vigilant, and ready to take advantage of the first opportunity to fight him.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

These high compliments are fairly earned. You were foremost in under in the great interior movements south. You have driven the enemy under your fire and at the point of your bayonets from Missouri; restored the flag of the Union to Arkansas; routed the foe from all his strong-holds, and since the foregoing order of General Halleck, in a three days' hard-fought battle against three times your own number, have achieved a signal and most decisive victory, scattering, demoralizing, and almost destroying the combined forces of the enemy. You have shown to the general commanding the department, to your friends at home, and to the people of the United States that your activity and endurance in midwinter are only equaled by your prowess, bravery, and invincible determination in battle.

Your prairies are in every mouth throughout the loyal States; you have carved out a history, and the name of the Army of the Southwest will live, the result of your diligence and valor.

The following congratulation, written since the news of this battle reached General Halleck, was received a few days ago:

