
necessary, the cost of completing the Eastport for that purpose will be about $56,000. As I am authorized by General Halleck to make any arrangements I may deem advisable for the construction of rams, and as the Eastport is designed to be used in part as a ram, I shall, under that authority, proceed to finish her, unless otherwise directed by you or by the President. Considering the strength of naval force the rebels have ready and in preparation and also the service required of this flotilla, I consider that it is essential to have the Eastport ready in the shortest possible time.

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,New Madrid, April 1, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Was absent when your dispatch arrived. Canal is finished and boats are now descending bayou to this place. Expect them here to-night, The enemy commenced erecting batteries at points of high land and landing places on the river; little serious to be feared from them. Our floating battery, properly placed, will deal easily with them or any other obstacle to landing. Have erected two batteries, of two 32s each, about a mile and a half below the 24-pounder battery, opposite mouth of slough. (See sketch sent you.) These batteries cover handsomely the landing on opposite shore; I have no apprehension of the result. Commodore Foote promises to run a couple of his gunboats past island to-night; if so, all difficulty is over. Troops in fine condition and can be relied on. Railroad to Sikeston under water and road to Commerce bad. Best send everything for this command to Island Numbers 8, with orders to Colonel Buford to send it through the canal in barges or flats. Easy communication in this way for heavy stores. Do not be uneasy. Ni precaution will be omitted, and there is no fear of the result in this command. I telegraphed you yesterday that gunboats had again been repulsed by our heavy battery; one of them so badly damaged as to drift broadside down the river, unable to work her engines.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., April 2, 1862.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Headquarters Department of the Mississippi, Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I arrived at this post yesterday evening, and immediately assumed the command of the district.

I have been unable at present to obtain accurate statistics of the numbers and stations of the troops within this district, but as near as I can ascertain they consist of the following regiments: First Kansas (infantry), Colonel Deitzler, stationed at Lawrence: Second Kansas (cavalry), Colonel Mitchell, stationed at Shawneetown: Third Kansas (infantry), Colonel Cloud, stationed at Mound City or Scott; Fourth Kansas (infantry), Colonel Cloud, stationed at Wyandotte. The Governor proposes to consolidate these two regiments, to be designated

