
shall probably do the work with the army alone. Our canal has been a gigantic work; it has been infinitely more difficult than at first supposed. Six miles, through a great forest of immense trees, which had to be sawed off 4 feet under water, and then through cypress swamp thickly studded with cypress knees, have furnished us with an amount of labor surpassing any one's belief who has not seen it. We have now a canal 50 feet wide, 4 feet dee, and 6 miles long, through which large steamers can pass and all our supplies be delivered to us.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW MADRID, April 2, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Our boats are in the main bayou and ready to move into the river at a moment's notice. I keep them up the bayou, concealed from the enemy. I am only waiting to finish the floating battery, which carries one 8-inch columbiad and three 32s. It will be finished by to-morrow night, and I think will be impregnable to any batteries the enemy can establish in any reasonable time. I have no hope of Commodore Foote. He has postponed trying to run any of his gunboats past Island Numbers 10 until some foggy or rainy night. The moon is beginning to make nights light, and there is no prospect of fogs during this of weather. We must do without him. I will give you details of the manner I intended to cross by mail.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SAINT LOUIS, April 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Steele's advance guard has reached Pitman's Ferry, Ark. Colonel Carlin had an engagement with the enemy on the 1st instant in crossing the river. Killed one lieutenant and wounded several others. Captured 5 prisoners, camp equipage, horses, mules, forage, and a number of small-arms.

H. W. HALLECK.

SAINT LOUIS, April 3, 1862.

WILLIAM M. McPHERSON, Esq., Saint Louis, Mo.:

SIR: Your letter of this date is received.* In answer to your inquiries I have the state that persons in arms against the United States under General Price can be received only as prisoners of war, and that they will be treated in the same kind and lenient manner as others have been who are willing to abandon a hopeless and unholy cause, take the prescribed oath of allegiance, and give satisfactory security for their future good conduct.

---------------

* Not found.

---------------

42 R R - VOL VIII

