
Any one who voluntarily takes the oath and gives his parole of honor and afterwards violates it by aiding or abetting the enemy will most certainly be executed. A man who violates his military parole commits the most serious of all military offenses, and I will pardon no one who si guilty of that crime.

In regard to the wife of the reverend Captain Chaplain in General price's army, who wishes permission to visit her husband, please inform her that no such permission can be granted. Nearly all the secessionists of this State who have entered the rebel service have left their wives and daughters to the care of the Federal troops. There is scarcely a single instance where this confidence has been abused by us. But what return have these ladies made for this protection? In many cases they have acted as spies and informers for the enemy hand have been most loud-mouthed in their abuse of our cause and most insulting in their conduct towards those who support it. Under any other government they would for such conduct be expelled from the country or confined within the walls of a prison.

I am well aware that some good Union men in the interior of the State think that those now serving the rebel cause under General Price should be permitted to return to their homes without being considered prisoners of war, or, when taken prisoners of war, that they should be released simply on promise of future good conduct. Experience has satisfied me that such a course would neither be wise nor safe. Indeed, I find that the very persons who advocate a more lenient policy towards returned secessionists are also continually petitioning to have additional troops sent to their counties to protect them from the operations of these same rebels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 3, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding, that official communications from Colonel Fitz Henry Warren, First Iowa Cavalry, bearing date Clinton, Mo., march 30, 1862, have been received, announcing the arrival of two of his scouting parties. One brought in 15 prisoners, 5 horses, 1 secession ambulance, 2 wagons, and 2 yoke of oxen belonging to Price's army. Two rebels were wounded; 1 fatally. The second detachment mentioned returned with 4 prisoners, 3 horses, and 1 mule. One of our soldiers, Kelley, a gallant boy of Company K, is badly wounded in the ankle and thigh.

At that date Colonel Warren had also two other detachments out. He seems to be following up the guerrillas, of whom there are many in that quarter, with commendable energy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

