
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,
Cross Timber, April 5, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

CAPTAIN: The army has moved this morning and will camp to-night 3 or 4 miles northeast of Cassville, to proceed on the way to Forsyth to-morrow. A large force of cavalry in Carroll County threatening Springfield.

All quiet here and southwest of me. Shall crowd the enemy toward Yellville.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Cassville, April 5, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department:

Hope I meet you well. I have sent your adjutant my news of Arkansas army doing going down east and some recent attempt to send a large force of cavalry in my rear through Forsyth.

The White River is high; hence it is not very easy for either of us to cross.

The only shadow of force I can hear of in the west is some of the Indians, who have gone home, and some small roving bands, who are detested by the people of all parties.

Western Arkansas is particularly sick of the rebellion. They never had much real affection for it.

Van Dorn and Price are taking east a large number, many of them from Missouri, who expect to get behind somebody to do some mischief in Missouri.

My troops, especially cavalry, have been overworked. Why should 4,000 or 5,000 stay at Fort Scott and Carthage? I have tried to get them, eastward, so they could co-operate, but I do not know whether I have a right to command.

General Sigel has gone home on sick leave. Much care and private grief bear heavy on me, but I can still do my duty.

Respectfully,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, April 5, 1862.

Major General SAMUEL R, CURTIS,

Army of the Southwest:

Tenth Illinois Cavalry en route for Lebanon. If not required with you send them west in the direction of Fort Scott, to break up guerrilla bands. If Price has moved east, follow him in that direction, keeping on his flank. General Steele is at Pitman's Ferry, with 6.000 men, observing Pocahontas. Don't lose sight of the enemy or permit him to outflank you. Report on best route to Salem or Jacksonport from your present position.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

