HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 5, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN M. SCHOFIELD,

Commanding Missouri State Militia:

GENERAL: Numerous irregularities and outrages, such as indicated in Special Orders, Numbers 27, of this date, from these headquarters (a copy of which has been inclosed to your assistant adjutant-general), have been brought to the notice of the undersigned; and I now have the honor to call your attention to the same, and propose a remedy, in some measure, by which, possibly, they may be hereafter prevented.

The disturbances throughout this district, wherever the Missouri State Militia have been implicated in improper conduct, have principally arisen from a desire for personal revenge to satisfy past difficulties, having no bearing whatever upon the cause for which we are now laboring.

Private quarrels of long standing, originating out of matters connected with property, county politics, and neighborhood disagreement, are too often the cause of persecution of those in military power, and all is made to appear as connected with the rebellion.

This rate of things should be put a stop to, and officers and enlisted men should be made to feel that they are watched, and will be punished for any such conduct not warranted by the necessities of the case.

At present I can contrive no better method than having a constant system of inspections made by impartial officers unprejudiced on either side.

I therefore have to propose that some officer of sufficient rank may be appointed and authorized as inspector-general by the State authorities to inspect and investigate all such matters, as well as to attend to the military functions of his office in connection with the Missouri State Militia. My staff is too small and the business of this office too extensive to admit of my detailing one from these headquarters. If, therefore, you could detail such an officer an indicated and direct him to report to me for such orders as I might give I think great good might be the result.

Colonel W. D. Wood, aide-de-camp to the Governor, I am inclined to think would impartially, intelligently, and justly fill the position, and could he be detailed, if only temporarily, I should hope to accomplish something beneficial in preventing such troubles and outrages as mentioned.

I beg that you will give your early attention to this and inform me of your conclusions and actions in the case.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

[Inclosure.]

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT CENTRAL MISSOURI, Numbers 27. Jefferson City, Mo., April 5, 1862.

1. Major W. M. G. Torrence, commanding at Warrensburg, will furnish Colonel John A. Turley, formerly of the Eighty-first Ohio Volunteers, every assistance and facility in his power to enable him to thoroughly investigate the cause and manner of his brother's recent death at Warrensburg, Mo.

2. Major Torrence will take measures to examine into the circumstances connected with the murder of Mr. Turley. Also those attend-

