
ing the causes recently reported by Captain Thompson, First Iowa Cavalry, viz, the burning of the residence, furniture, &amp;c., of Colonel McCowan; the shooting of Mr. Burrgess and his brother, and the burning of their dwelling; the killing by Captain Hart's company of Mr. Piper on March 30, and the burning of some five dwelling by the same, and any other misdemeanors which may come to his notice. He will place in arrest and prefer charges against such officers or men as an examination shall indicate as guilty of these outrages without sufficient cause. A minute report will be made to these headquarters upon these cases, supported by charges and specifications, where wrong has been committed upon quiet and unoffending citizens peaceably occupying their homes.

In these investigation Major Torrence will be guided by General Orders, Numbers 8, of November 26, 1861, General Orders, Numbers 13, of December 4, 1861, Department of the Missouri, and the thirty-fourth Articles of War.

By command of Brigadier General James Totten, commanding district:

LUCIEN J. BARNES,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Cassville, April 5, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN:

CAPTAIN: The general's dispatch is received. Price has gone below Dover with his main force, at least 60 miles below Van Buren; says he is going to Missouri. I am moving east,. keeping north of White River, which carries me through Galena and Forsyth, Mo.

No enemy at Huntsville, Van Buren, Fort Smith, or Fayetteville, but Price takes with him some 20,000 or 30,000.

From 8,000 to 10,000 cavalry, under Van Dorn, were opposite Forsyth day before yesterday, but it said they were ordered to Des Arc.

I think Kansas troops should move east with me, but I cannot move them anywhere.

Have had no re-enforcements, and shall try to hold any on their way till Price and Van Dorn are better known or disposed of. I will remain here to-night to keep in easy communication with headquarters.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, April 5, 1862.

Brigadier General J. W. DENVER, Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: Yours of the 2nd is received. You will designate for the New Mexico expedition the First Kansas Infantry and the Twelfth and Thirteenth Wisconsin Regiments and the Second and Seventh Kansas Cavalry. There should be two batteries of artillery. I send one - Carpenter's Wisconsin, about 150 men and six pieces - from here. I see that by Governor Robinson's General Orders, Numbers 1, N. Allen's light artillery company is attached to Colonel Deitzler's regiment. I think this should go in place of Hollister's, making the troops entirely Kansas and Wisconsin. If Allen's company has no guns, those of Hollister's can be transferred and others sent to Hollister from this place.

