HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Saint Louis, April 6, 1862.

Brigadier General S. D. STURGIS, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of a latter written yesterday to General Denver.*

On assuming command of the district you will take measures to carry out these instructions with the least possible delay.

General Denver should be sent with such forces as may be spared from Kansas to Fort Scott to take the immediate command in that vicinity, and particularly to take the general charge of the Indian tribes. He will give all proper protection to the friendly Indians, and seek to bring back to their peaceful position those who, through the influence of Pike, Ross, and others, have been induced to take up arms against the Government. He should also observe the enemy's movement near the Arkansas frontier, and break up all insurgent and guerrilla bands in the western counties of Missouri. In doing this he will not limit himself by the State line, but will operate whatever he can do most service.

The Sixth Ohio Cavalry, four companies, have been ordered to Nebraska City, to be fitted out fort Laramie, to serve for the protection of the Overland Mail Route.

Inclosed herewith you will find a copy of instructions to the lieutenant-colonel.+ Every effort should be made to fit them out and dispatch them on the route as early as possible.

Colonel Leavenworth takes with him, via Nebraska City, a Wisconsin battery of artillery for service in Colorado Territory. All the troops in Colorado should be made available for service in New Mexico, if they should be required there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

UNITED STATES FLAG-SHIP BENTON,

Off Island Numbers 10 (via Cairo), April 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

This morning at 2 o'clock, in a heavy thunder-storm, the gunboat Pittsburgh, Lieutenant-Commander Thompson, ran the blockade under fire of seventy-three guns, and has probably reached New Madrid, and is now with the Carondelet, Commander Walke, as reports of heavy guns are heard opening upon the rebel battery on the opposite shore to destroy them, that General Pope with his army may land on the Tennessee side preparatory to moving to attack the rear of the rebels at this place while we attack them in front.

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Office, Comdg U. S. Naval Forces Western Waters.

STEAMER BENTON, OFF ISLAND Numbers 10,

April 7, 1862.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy:

Two officers from Island Numbers 10 have this instant boarder us, stating

---------------

* See p. 644.

+ Not found.

---------------

