
that by order of their commanding officer they are ordered to surrender Island Numbers 10 to commodore commanding the gunboats. As these officers know nothing of the batteries on the Tennessee shore I have sent Captain Phelps to ascertain something definite on the subject. I will telegraph when further information is received from General Pope, now advancing from New Madrid in strong force to attack in rear. I am with the gun and mortar boats, ready to attack in front while General Buford here is ready to co-operate with the land forces; but it seems as if the place was to be surrendered without further defense.

A. H. FOOTE,

Flag-Officer, Commanding Naval Forces in Western Waters.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,New Madrid, April 7, 1862.

Flag-Officer ANDREW H. FOOTE:

I am happy to inform you that the Pittsburgh has arrived untouched. I shall cross the river if possible to-day, and shall probably be prepared to assault the works near Island Numbers 10 by 2 p. m. to-morrow. May I beg that you will have a careful watch kept for us, that we may suffer no injury from your boats as we approach the rear of the enemy's batteries? With the aid of the two boats you have sent and of the gallant officers who command them I shall be able to effect the passage of the river with the necessary force, and without increasing the tremendous hazard which must otherwise have attended such an operation.

Be pleased, sir, to accept my hearty good wishes.

Respectfully, sir, you obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW MADRID, April 7, 1862 - 12 m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Enemy's batteries silenced, and Paine's division has made good its lodgment on the other shore. Stanley's division follows immediately. All goes well.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,New Madrid, April 7, 1862.

Captain HENRY WALKE:

General Pope requests that as soon as the next division has crossed the river you proceed with the two gunboats to Tiptonville and the landing below and endeavor to intercept the retreat of the rebels. You have best confer with General Palmer, commanding battery 2 miles below.

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. MORGAN,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

