
mond constantly on guard, yet both officers and men endured it all without a murmur.

I have the honor, colonel, to be, your obedient servant,

S. N. WOOD,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Wood's Battalion, Sixth Mo. Vols.

Colonel J. B. WYMAN,

Commanding Post, Rolla, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Major William C. Drake, Third Iowa Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS POST AT SALEM, MO.,March 4, 1862.

I have been unable to make regular reports of my command, owing to absence on sundry and divers scouts, &amp;c. Atthe time our last report should have been made we were out on a scout in force.

On February 17, 120 of my command were attached to Lieutenant Colonel S. N. Wood's battalion of 120 men, under orders to scout through Dent, Shannon, Howell, and Texas Counties. We returned, bringing with us 100 prisoners, 80 horses, mules, &c., 80 rifles and shot-guns, 2 kegs of powder, a large lot of commissary stores, and other contraband articles, including wagons, abulance, buggy, &c., most of which were captured at west Plains, the country seat of Howell County, and the balance at Houston, the county seat of Texas.

West Plains was the headquarters of Colonel Coleman, the guerrilla chief of this country. He had there at the time of our descent about 40 infantry, forming a nucleus for a regiment of Price's army. Himself and his cavalry force were absent on a scout. At about a mile and a half before reaching the town Colonel Wood's battalion and ours separated, to enter the town from different sides. Out boys got there first and made the attack, resulting in 6 killed and 10 wounded of the enemy and the rest prisoners. After the fight was all over Wood's men came up.

Our boys behaved like veterans and did credit to your command.

We expected to find Coleman and his mounted men there and looked for quite a brush, but we were disappointed. At Houston we expected a fight, but found no one there to oppose our entry. Took possession of the town; remained there over Sunday, and returned on Monday to Salem. Colonel Wood took prisoners and property to Rolla. General Halleck telegraphed to General McClellan that Colonel Wood had driven the rebels from Dent, Shannon, Howell, and Texas Counties.

The Third Iowa Cavalry was not mentioned, at which the boys feel highly indignant after doing all the work.

For state of my command would refer you to accompanying report.*

With great respect, I am, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM C. DRAKE,

Major, Commanding.

Colonel CYRUS BUSSEY.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

