HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, April 7, 1862.

General PAINE:

The general commanding directs me to inform you that he has received reliable information of the evacuation of Island Numbers 10, and that you will probably find no force to oppose you. He wishes you, instead of waiting for General Hamilton, to march on Tiptonville. As soon as Stanley commences to cross he will follow you immediately. Keep a cloud of skirmishers in advance of your column.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

[C. A. MORGAN.]

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

NEW MADRID, April 7, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

Paine's, Stanley's, and Hamilton divisions are across, together with three batteries of light artillery and a battalion of cavalry. Everything will be order by 12 to-night. The divisions of Paine and Stanley are on the march to Tiptonville. Rebel force in the bend rapidly retreating on that place. Hamilton's division and the cavalry move forward at once. Do not believe there will be more than a skirmish. am just embarking myself. You will not hear from me before to-morrow. All goes well and everybody in fine spirits. Numbers 10 will be ours before to-morrow night.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAMP OF EAST SIDE OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER,

April 7, 1862 - 7 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Enemy in rapid retreat, leaving artillery, baggage, supplies, and sick. Paine is near Tiptonville; Stanley within miles of him; Hamilton 3 miles in rear of Stanley; Plummer now at landing on this side; our gunboats below Tiptonville on the bank. Think we shall bag whole force, though not certain. No escape for them below Tiptonville, except by wading shoulder-deep in swamp. Whole command well in hand and will move forward at daylight. Captured eleven heavy guns, and enemy's famous floating battery, carrying fourteen guns, which drifted down from Island 10. I think rebels are trying desperately to escape; many of them must be captured. Have already taken 100 prisoners. Will occupy Island 10 early to-morrow unless enemy in assembled there in force; capture it anyhow by evening. Send down all transports you can get at once. Do not believe enemy will make another stand this side of Memphis. If I can get transportation, I will be in Memphis in seven days.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW MADRID, April 7, 1862.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Pope has just landed General Paine's division on the Tennesse shore. The whole movement has been a grand success. The

