
Tennessee. It would require 100,000 men to supply all such demands. Very naturally the general is inclined to overlook them all in view of the great battle that must soon be fought near Corinth. Something can be risked elsewhere, but nothing there.

There is no doubt, however, that you should have more cavalry, and I shall make it my business to get it for you in some way or other as soon as possible. I shall be able to spare some from Northern Missouri before long and then will send it to your district. We could soon raise enough in Southwestern Missouri, if allowed to, but that is forbid. Even recruiting for the volunteer service is forbid. I hope, however, when we get what men are now enlisted well organized and equipped we will be strong enough, with what United States troops are now in the State, and I shall try to keep them all here if possible.

Our men complain very much about their arms, and perhaps with some reason, yet they are better supplied than the majority of volunteers. There are several regiments here now for which there are no arms of any kind; carbines, revolvers, and sabers can't be obtained, nor are they indispensable. Our men have no more use for a saber than for a columbiad, and yet all clamorous to get them.

We will be able, I think, now to get transportation without delay. I am pushing it forward all the time. Have ordered a full supply of everything sent to Colonel McClurg, including thirty days' rations.

I will let you have Wood as inspector-general in a short time. He is now attending to ordnance duties, which will be closed up soon, as all will be supplied, band Callender will have more time to attend to our matters.

Keep me informed of your wants. I will do what I can to supply them.

Very respectfully,

J. M. SCHOFIELD,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 7, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that a communication from Colonel Fitz Henry Warren, dated April 4, announces the capture, by detachments of his command, of 25 more prisoners, including Lieutenant-Colonel Murrell and quartermaster Cox, of Price's army.

Evidence reaches me daily of the return of men from Price's army to every portion of this district. Wherever these characters are roaming about and can be captured, what is the general's pleasure in regard to them? Where they do not voluntarily give themselves up and give bond for future good behavior I can regard them only in the light of spies, they being within our lines and in citizen's dress.

If not otherwise directed by the major-general commanding, I shall therefore give orders to arrest them accordingly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

43 R R - VOL VIII

