
possible to get their men off by wading the swamps, but nothing in the way of baggage, supplies of any description, can go.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

TIPTONVILLE, April 8, 1862 - 9 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The advance under General Paine reached this place at daylight, driving the enemy before him. After sharp skirmishing and frantic attempts to cross the swamp the enemy was so furiously pressed by Paine that he laid down his arms. Two thousand prisoners, including General Mackall, formerly of the Adjutant-General's Department, and staff, together with large quantities of siege and field artillery, tents, baggage, and an immense quantity of supplies have fallen into our hands. Our troops are scouring the country between here and Island 10. Many more prisoners will be taken in course of the day. Everything has worked smoothy and well.

The captured troops are from Arkansas and Louisiana.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW MADRID, April 8, 1862 - 7 p. m.

General HALLECK:

Everything is ours. Few, if any, of the enemy escaped. There generals, 6,000 prisoners, an immense quantity of ammunition and supplies, 100 pieces of siege and several batteries of field artillery, great numbers of small-arms, tents, wagons, horses, &amp;c., have fallen into our hands. Our success has been complete and overwhelming. The enemy's forces are from Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee, and Alabama. I will give to-morrow by telegraph a brief summary of our operations.

We have not lost a man in crossing the river or in pursuing or capturing the enemy.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General.

NEW MADRID, April 8, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

I congratulate you and your command on your splendid achievement. It exceeds in boldness and brilliancy all other operations of the war. It will be memorable in military history and will be admired by future generations. You deserve well of your country.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

MERIWETHER LANDING, April 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

General Paine's division marched forward to Tiptonville last night and captured General Mackall, formerly on the Adjutant-General's

