
movement of gunboats and mortars. I go with General Pope to see the commodore to-morrow.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

SAINT LOUIS, April 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Brigadier General W. W. Mackall, late of United States Adjutant-General's Department, with over 2,000 of the rebel forces, has surrendered to General Pope, and it is expected that many more will be captured to-day. Immense quantities of artillery and supplies have fallen into our hands.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, April 8, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Pope has captured 3 generals, 6,000 prisoners of war, 100 siege pieces, and several field batteries, with immense quantities of small-arms, tents, wagons, horses, and provisions. Our victory is complete and overwhelming. We have not lost a single man.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST, Numbers 138. Galena, Mo., April 8, 1862.

I. Order and hours for marching April 9 will be as follows:

First Division at 6 a. m., and proceed to the mouth of Bear Creek, 16 miles. The transportation wagons belonging to this division, now forming a part of the brigade at James Fork, will be left in such brigade, and one regiment of this division remain and bring up the rear, with the trains.

Fourth Division, immediately after Bowen's battalion and train have crossed James Fork, will cross and camp on the east bank, move at 7.30 a. m. of 10th in rear of Third Division.

Bowen's Fork, and proceed with the same to the mouth of Bear Creek.

Wyman's brigade, immediately after Fourth Division camp on the east bank, move at 8 a. m. of the 10th instant rear of Fourth Division, and camp at mouth of Bear Creek.

Third Division move from camp on east bank of Flat Creek at 7 a. m. 9th, cross James Fork at Galena, camp on east bank, and move at 5.30 a. m. of the 10th, and camp at the mouth of Bear Creek.

Second Division will bring up and protect the rear.

By command of Major-General Curtis:

H. Z. CURTIS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

