HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Forsyth, April 10, 1862.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis:

High water detained me so I have only arrived to-day at 2 p. m. Skirmishing with a rear guard of enemy's cavalry, and some prisoners taken.

My cavalry is scouring the country down in Arkansas. No force of consequence near. Main force was cavalry, and left some days since. The country is very rough. Roads pass down deep valleys or run on narrow divides. My main force must remove back to more open ground, perhaps near Ozark, for forage and convenience of movement east or west. One division, with cavalry, could hold this point against the world, and keep the enemy pressed down. I shall try to alarm the enemy in front, but cannon extend to do much. The taking of Island Numbers 10 may soon give you the mouth of the river, which is the key to Arkansas. I am arranging a rope-ferry for convenience. White River is not fordable, and rebels come and fire across. Will soon stop that.

I will try to get into telegraphic communication as soon as I complete arrangements here.

This is a dilapidated town. It is only important when steamboats are running and commerce is safe on the White River. The surrounding country is not cultivated.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 10, 1862.

Captain J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the major-general commanding the department, that I have been advised by Colonel Fitz Henry Warren of the capture of 15 more prisoners, one a rebel lieutenant, and the recovery of a herd of cattle jayhawked near Clinton some time ago. Also a letter of the next date (7th) announces return of another scouting party, with 4 prisoners, with horses and side-arms of each. One of these latter, Mr. Beasley, had taken the oath only the previous week, and when taken denied most solemnly having any arms or ammunition, but a search of the premises revelaed one revolver, one double-barreled shot-gun, and one rifle, with buckshot and powder.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

SAINT LOUIS, April 10, 1862,

From Fort Leavenworth, April 8, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

From the best information obtainable at least 2,000 Indians can be armed. Arms for that number are now going forward to Humboldt. Taking out troops for Mexico will leave three regiments of infantry, four of cavalry, and two batteries in this State.

