
FEBRUARY 23, 1862.-Occupation of Fayetteville, Ark.

REPORTS, ETC.

Numbers 1.-Major General Henry W. Halleck, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.

Numbers 3.-Brigadier General A. Asboth, U. S. Army.

Numbers 4.-Proclamation of General Asboth to the citizens of Fayetteville, Ark.

Numbers 1. Report of Major General Henry W. Halleck, U. S. Army.

HDQRS. DEPT. OF MO., Saint Louis, February 27, 1862.

General Curtis has taken possession of Fayetteville, Ark., capturing a number of prisoners, stores, baggage, &amp;c. The enemy burned a part of the town before they left. They have crossed the Boston Mountains in great confusion. We are now in possession of all their strongholds. Forty-two officers and men of the Fifth Missouri Cavalry were poisoned at Mud Town by eating poisoned food which the rebels left behind them. The gallant Captain Dulfer died, and Lieutenant-Colonel Von Deutsch and Captain Lehman have suffered much, but are recovering. The indignation of our soldiers is very great, but they have been restrained from retaliating upon the prisoners of war.

H. W. HALLECK, Major-General.

Major-General McCLELLAN.

Numbers 2. Report of Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.

HDORS. SW. DIST. OF MO., Camp Halleck, Feb. 24, 1862.

CAPTAIN: Our flag was raised on the court-house of Fayetteville yesterday at 11 o'clock. The picket of the rebels fled, losing several, who were taken prisoners, among them two officers. Principal buildings around the square were still burning, having been fired by the rebels to destroy those stores which they had no time to carry away. The main force of the enemy has fled beyond the mountain ranges that divided the waters of White River and Arkansas. I am now master of all their strongholds and larger cities of Western Arkansas, and hold a check on the rebels in the Indian country, being south of the Cherokees and east of the Choctaws. I am told the enemy is blockading the mountain passes by felling trees and otherwise obstructing the way, as McCulloch did Cross Timber Valley last summer. Forty-two of the officers and men of the Benton Hussars were poisoned at Mud Town, or arriving at that place Thursday last, by eating rebel food or drinking rebel liquor. One gallant officer, Captain Dulfer, died. Lieutenant-Colonel Von Deutsch and Captain Legmann suffered very much, but have recovered. For the sake of humanity I hope it was not intended, but the evidence of the animus is almost irresistible. The murder of one of our soldiers in Bentonville was resented by burning of part of the town by our troops; but the perpetrators of the burning will be summarily punished by me.

Two days' rations of flour arrived last evening. I have started mills at every place on my way, but some deficient or awkward arrangement of transportation prevents it from coming up as it should. I have the rebel mills at Cross Hollow and two mills on my right wing

