
General Curtis seems not to have received your order returning Kansas troops.
Texans reported leaving New Mexico. If true, might not one mounted regiment be left on the plains.

Snake Indians, Bannocks, and Mormons reported committing depredations about South Pass.

J. W. DENVER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF CENTRAL MISSOURI,Jefferson City, Mo., April 10, 1862.

To DEPUTY SHERIFF and MEMBERS OF THE GRAND JURY,

Moniteau County, Mo.:

GENTLEMAN: It has been officially reported to these headquarters that certain officers in civil authority, including members of the grand jury, have evinced a determination to persecute Union men as such, including officers and soldiers of the U. S. Army.

For instance, at the late session of the grand jury, two-thirds of whom were secessionists, known and avowed, a bill of indictment was found again one Grason for stealing a horse from a secessionist last fall, while said Grason was a lieutenant in the Home Guards, which horse was never taken from California, Mo., and has long since been restored to the owner, and in fact was not taken by the said Grason at all. He is held in $500 bonds for appearance next term, which he gives. Soon after, he is arrested upon another and similar charge, and resists the officer (deputy sheriff) attempting to make the arrest. He being at this time a member of the Missouri State Militia, and in that capacity assisting to maintain the federal Union and the constituted authorities thereof, it would therefore seem that the grand jury is persisting in persecuting the said Grason because he is actively engaged in the cause of the Union, and that this is not the only case in which their persecutions have been made apparent.

If these statements be facts - and they come as official information to these headquarters from officers of the U. S. Army in responsible positions - the civil officers, including members of the grand jury and deputy sheriff, are wanted that their action is closely observed, and will be, if persisted in, further investigated and they held accountable.

Martial law, as declared in General Orders, Numbers 2, Headquarters Department of the Mississippi, Saint Louis, March 13, 1862, having been legally declared in the city of Saint Louis and on and in the immediate vicinity of the railroads and telegraph lines, and thereby civil authority having been partially suspended, the officers acting under the same are cautioned that they are not beyond the power of military investigation, and that such a course will be adopted in reference to their actions whenever it seems they are persisting in persecuting Union men or opposing the military authority of the Federal Government. In this connection it may be well enough for the civil authorities above referred to to consider how far and in how many cases they have found indictments against known rebels and sympathizers with rebellion who have perpetrated acts in opposition to the laws of the United States. It is doubtless known to them that many such acts of opposition to the Government and its supporters have been perpetrated, and that the perpetrators of the same are in many instances indictable un-

