
der the criminal law, and therefore, to make their record clear, the grand jury and other civil officers in an around California should be able to show that they have been zealous to bring to trial the law-breakers indicated.

It seems incredible to suppose that members of the grand jury and the deputy sheriff are not acquainted with the names and residences of men within their jurisdiction who have by acts of violence committed upon Union men and in a spirit of opposition to the laws of the United States and State of Missouri laid themselves liable to serious charges, for which they should have been indicted by the grand jury. The question arises, has this been done in every instance where the party implicated was known to be of secession proclivities? There should be no partiality, favor, or affection in such matters.

I am, gentleman, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. TOTTEN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding District.

CAIRO, April 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Halleck arrived at 9 o'clock on way to Tennessee. After conference he desires me to go down Mississippi. I leave for Madrid at 11 o'clock. Will push everything forward as rapidly as possible. Enemy concentrating to two other points in great force. We should have a column from Potomac for Tennessee River. Cannot 20,000 or 30,000 efficient men be spared to replace those lost and rendered ineffective in battle? If you have any instructions telegraph me at New Madrid. Victory near Corinth has been decisive in our favor, but at terrible cost.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 30. New Madrid, April 10, 1862.

The following dispatch from Major-General Halleck, commanding this department, has been received, and, with this order, will be published at the head of every regiment and detachment of this command:

SAINT LOUIS, April 8, 1862.

Major-General POPE:

I congratulate you and your command on your splendid achievement. It excels in boldness and brilliancy all other operations of the war. It will be memorable in military history and will be admired by future generations. You deserve well of your country.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

The general commanding has but little to add to this dispatch. The conduct of the troops was splendid throughout. It was precisely what he expected. To such an army nothing is impossible, and the general commanding hopes yet to lead them to some field where superiority of numbers and position will temp the enemy to give them the opportunity to win the glory which they are so capable of achieving.

