
The regiments and battalions of this command will incredible on their flags New Madrid and Island 10.
JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 31. New Madrid, April 10, 1862.

The several divisions of this army will make preparations to embark and move down the river in the following order:

First, Paine; second, Stanley; third, Hamilton; fourth, Palmer; fifth, Plummer; sixth, Granger.

One battery of artillery, complete, for each division, and four wagons to each regiment will accompany the respective divisions.

General Palmer will detail one brigade of his division to constitute for the present the garrison at this place, one regiment of which will be sent up immediately. The order will remain for the present at Tiptonville, to collect and take charge of the public property.

The commanding officers at Tiptonville, Island 10, and New Madrid will be held responsible for the collection and safe-keeping of all property captured from the enemy, will have careful inventories made of it, and have a copy sent to these headquarters.

Colonel Bissell, Engineer Regiment, will detail two companies of his regiment to remove the heavy guns from the main-land, both of our own batteries and those of the enemy, as follows:

The guns opposite Island 10 will be transferred to the island for safe-keeping; those below New Madrid to the two redoubts at that place.

Immediate and careful inventories will be made of the artillery and ammunition of every description by the commanders of the two companies, and when completed the whole property will be turned over to ordnance officer at the upper redoubt. The engineer companies will then build as rapidly as possible a sufficient magazine to contain all the ammunition within the limits of New Madrid and at a safe distance from the shore. As soon as the magazine is completed it will be turned over to the ordnance officer, who will move all the ammunition into it immediately, and the two engineer companies will rejoin their regiment at the earliest opportunity.

The sick of the command who will not be fit for duty within five days, together with all the sick of the enemy upon the opposite shore, are placed under the general supervision of Brigade Surgeon Bryan, of the U. S. Army, who, under the direction of the commanding officer in this vicinity, will transfer them as rapidly as possible to Saint Louis, communicating immediately with the medical director at that place for that purpose.

The senior officer present with the troops at Island 10, New Madrid and Tiptonville will assume the command of the whole forces in the neighborhood, which shall constitute the District of New Madrid, at which place he will make his headquarters. One steamer will be left in his charge to carry out the provisions of the order. If he needs others, he will telegraph General Strong, at Cairo, for them.

The troops will take with them all camp equipage and baggage and not less than four day's cooked rations. They will hold themselves in readiness to embark at a moment's notice.

The chief commissary will provide, to carry with this command, not

