
roads, &amp;c., would have made active movements of any attempt impracticable; 3rd, that within that time General Polk, to whom I at once dispatched an account* of my situation, could issue such orders in respect to it as he might deem best. Under this call I have received up to this time eleven companies of infantry and one of mounted gunners, numbering together about 700 men; and there are reported to me as on the way, to be here within a day or so, some four more companies, say 300 men.

It is not for me to do more than thus make known to General Johnston my situation, not doubting that he will order what is right to the extent of his power. But I trust it will not be deemed out of place to say to him that my situation here is very embarrassing. It is a brigadier-general's command and should be his responsibility, needing not only the capability of a commander of the qualifications suited to that rank, but the advantage to the public service which the prestige of that rank confers. I do not wish that place for myself. I did once, but in all sincerity I do not now, greatly preferring to return to my regiment or even go into the ranks. I hope, therefore, some on of suitable rank will be ordered to relieve me at once. The public interest requires it.

Very respectfully,

SOLON BORLAND,

Colonel Cavalry, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., WESTERN DEPT., Numbers 34. Columbus, Ky., November 21, 1861.

Captain Gray is directed to remove the guns from the fortifications at Island Numbers 10 as soon as he thinks best and place them in the works under construction at New Madrid, and move Captain Stewart's company of artillery to that place to man the,.

By order of Brigadier-General Pillow, commanding:

GUS. A. HENRY, JR.,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., WESTERN DEPT., Numbers 36. Columbus, Ky., November 22, 1861.

Colonel Smith's regiment of Arkansas Volunteers will be placed and encamped on Island Numbers 10. He will procure the necessary spades, picks, and other implements, and built the battery laid off by Captain Gray, of the Engineer Corps. The work will be constructed under the direction of Captain Gray, who is now at New Madrid. Captain Gray will carry on both works at the same time. Colonel Smith will make his requisition for supplies of subsistence, &c., upon Memphis and of the country around. He must, as far as possible, issue and use beef. The supply of salt meat in the country being about exhausted, he can issue salt meat two days per week.

By order of Brigadier General Gideon J. Pillow:

GUS. A. HENRY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Borland to Polk, November 10, 1861, p. 683.

---------------

44 R R - VOL VIII

