
grinding, but I am not certain that wheat in sufficient quantities can be secured.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 3. Reports of Brigadier-General A. Asboth, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS AT COLONEL TIBBETT'S,Fayetteville, Washington Co., Ark., Feb. 23, 1862-11.20 o'clock.

GENERAL: I am now in Fayetteville. The Stars and Stripes float from its court-house. The enemy's picket, driven in by my men, retreated from the town, and, joined by some others, are drawn up at a short distance from it. The buildings in the town square are still burning. We have already several prisoners taken in arms, among them two officers. Your instructions as to the occupation of the town will be fully complied with. The Third Iowa Cavalry I now order to charge upon the enemy.

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Southwestern District, Dept of the Missouri.
HEADQUARTERS AT COLONEL TIBBETT'S,Fayetteville, Washington County, Ark., February 23, 1862.

GENERAL: Two companies of cavalry, the retreating rear guard of the enemy, were followed by our cavalry, leaving behind 1 killed and 2 wounded, 1 mortally. We have 1 wounded. A dying private of McIntosh's regiment disclosed to our surgeon that three regiments of McCulloch's command are posted 10 miles from here, but the town, as well as the surrounding country, is well guarded by our cavalry and artillery. The enemy having been seen in the forenoon 7 miles from here, on the West Fork of the White River, I sent a company of Fremont Hussars to that point, but they came too late; the enemy had flown. It was Brooks' battalion, from 400 to 500 strong-the same that we had met towards Mud Town the day before yesterday.

All the troops were in the best spirits, and the Third Illinois [?] Cavalry, forming the advance guard, behaved very well, dismounting at command to act as infantry in the bushes. Of the activity, zeal, and energy of Colonel Phelps I cannot speak too highly.

The people having full confidence in your command, and looking to you for protection, while the rebels are disheartened by the defeat in Tennessee and by the rapid advance of your troops, I would consider it advisable to hold Fayetteville. The Union men implore it, and promise provisions for our men and forage for the animals. Re-enforced by two regiments of infantry, I will hold the place and surrounding country against all the troops now before us. If ordered to leave, all

