
who was charge of my vedettes near the Cairo and Charleston Railroad, which may be of interest to you. The major is a cool-headed man, and knows all the people in Mississippi County, and probably his information is reliable. If a demonstration is made for us on East Tennessee, it can be but to return as speedily as possible to the march down the immediate valley of the Mississippi, for the enemy cannot make a winter campaign away from center means of transportation. The fort that is being built here, with the addition of a strong redoubt, near the saw-mill, will very completely defend this place. The redoubts will defend the bayou and from a column westward toward or beyond the seminary, to which point the fort can throw shot or shell without a house intervening. The fort is being built in the corn field just south of town. If you do not get the Saint Louis newspapers regularly, I will make an arrangement to furnish you from here. I can get them from Charleston.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., MISSOURI STATE GUARD,New Madrid, Mo., November 25, 1861.

Captain J. J. EDSON, Steamboat Ohio Belle:

SIR: I have been directed by the major-general commanding to make provision for moving the slaves belonging to the gentlemen of Missouri and Arkansas to the Tennessee side of the river each night; and, as it is absolutely necessary that the slaves and their masters should also have sufficient and comfortable waters, I conceive it to be my duty to order you to remain here until the case shall be laid before the general at Columbus and keep the negroes on board.

Yours, respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, November 25, 1861.

Gov. H. M. RECTOR, Little Rock:

It is believed to be the best policy to send all the troops raised under requisition from this Government to General McCulloch.*

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS MO. S. G., November 25, 1861.

1st. The Confederate Government proposes, in accordance with the terms of the treaty recently made between this State and that Government, to receive into its service as many troops from Missouri as may volunteer to serve for twelve months.

2nd. The troops thus volunteering will be enlisted as State troops, and remain under the immediate command of Major-General Price.

3rd. They will be organized in conformity to the laws of Congress and the regulations for the Confederate Army as follows:+

---------------

* See Rector to Benjamin, November 20, p. 686.

+ Details of organization omitted.

---------------

