
4th. Election and appointment of officers.- Company officers: Each company elects its captain and lieutenants. The action of each company selects the sergeants, corporals, musicians, and articles from his company, and they receive their warrants from the colonel upon his approval of the appointments.
Regimental officers: The commissioned officers of each regiment elect the colonel, lieutenant-colonel, and major.

The colonel appoints the adjutant from the lieutenants of the regiment, and the sergeant-major and quartermaster-sergeant from the enlisted men.

The President will, upon the colonel's recommendation, appoint, whenever their services are required, an assistant quartermaster and assistant commissary, a surgeon and assistant surgeon, for each regiment.

5th. Whenever a sufficient number of troops shall have been thus enlisted, organized, armed, and equipped the muster rolls will be sent to the Secretary of War, and the troops will thereby be transferred to the Confederate Army. The president will immediately commission the officers and provide for and pay the troops. The President will at the same time organize the troops thus transferred into brigades and divisions, over which he will appoint brigadier-generals and major-general from Missouri.

6th. The term of service will begin from the day of the organization of the company and will end twelve months after that date.

7th. The officers will be commissioned in the Confederate Army and their commissions be dated upon the day of their transfer to that service.

8th. Pay, &amp;c.- until the troops shall have been transferred to the Confederate States they will be paid by the State - the Confederate States guaranteeing, however, that they will be paid. As soon as the transfer shall have been made they will be paid and supplied by the Confederate service are paid at the end of every second months.

The delivery of the muster rolls by the State to the Secretary of War completes the transfer.

The State will pay a bounty of $39 to every non-commissioned officer and private who will enlist in this service.

9th. Each enlisted man will received one ration a day and an allowance of $25 every six months for clothing.

Each man will be allowed 10 cents a mile for his traveling expenses from the place of his enrollment to the rendezvous, and also from the place of his discharge to the place where he was enrolled.

10th. The cavalry must furnish their own horses and keep them serviceable or they will be compelled to serve on foot. The non-commissioned officers and privates will, however, be allowed 40 cents a day for the use of their horses, to be computed from the day of their enrollment to the day of their discharge, and also for every 20 miles of travel between the place of their discharge to the place of their enrollment. Horses are to be valued when brought into the service, and if killed in action will be paid for at such valuation. They will not be paid for in any other event.

11th. All arms will be paid for at a fair valuation, but will not be taken from the owner so long as he remains in the service. The commander of the company will, however, be responsible for their safe-keeping.

12th. The Confederate States Government will not accept any cavalry

