
them. Come with your guns of any description that can be made to bring down a foe. If you have no arms, come without them, and we will supply you as far as that is possible. Bring cooking utensils and rations for a few weeks. Bring blankets and heavy shoes, and extra bed-clothing if you have them. Bring no horses to remain with the army except those necessary for baggage transportation. We must have 50,000 men. Give me these men, and, by the help of God, I will drive the hireling bands of thieves and marauders from the State. But if Missourians fail now to rise in their strength and avail themselves of the propitious moment to strike for honor and liberty, you cannot say that we have not done all we could do to save you.

You will be advised in time at what point to report for organization and active service. Leave your property at home. What if it be taken - all taken? We have $200,000,000 worth of Northern means in Missouri which cannot be removed. When we are once free the State will indemnify every citizens who may here lost a dollar by adhesion to the cause of his country. We shall have our property, or its value, with interest. But, in the name of God and the attributes of manhood, let me appeal to you by consideration infinitely higher than money! Are we a generation of driveling, sniveling, degraded slaves? Or are we men who dare assert and maintain the rights which cannot be surrendered, and defend those principles of everlasting rectitude, pure and high and sacred, like God, their author? Be yours the office to choose between the glory of a free country and a just government and the bondage of your children! I will never see the chains fastened upon my country. I will ask for six and a half feet of Missouri soil in which to repose, but will not live to see my people enslaved.

Do I hear your shouts? IS that your war-cry which echoes through the land? Are you coming? Fifty-thousand men! Missouri shall move to victory with the tread of a giant! Come on, my brave boys, 50,000 heroic, gallant, unconquerable Southern men! We await your coming.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., November 27, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War:

SIR: It will be unwise to refuse to receive into our service any of the Indians who may offer to enter it. We have now in the service four regiments, numbering in all some 3,500 men, besides the Seminole troops and other detached companies, increasing the number to over 4,000. An additional regiment has been offered by the Choctaws and another can be raised among the Creeks. If I have the authority I can enlist even the malcontents among that people. I can place in the field (arms being supplied) 7,500 Indians troops, not counting the Comanches and Osages, whom I would only employ in case of an invasion of the Indian country.

The Indian country is of great extent, and demands to be defended against the Indians of the prairie on the west and against the more villainous marauders of Kansas on the north. This might be an easy task, but the determination of the Northern Government not to permit us to hold the country in question is well known, and the spring campaign will be fought in large measure for Missouri and the Indian

