
I am now concentrating here a strong force and am fortifying New Madrid.

I have also at my disposal the gunboats belonging to Commander Hollins' fleet, so that we are getting into a position to aid you above.

I shall be governed by circumstances as to my movements, but feel that you should not allow the enemy to rest or move from Saint Louis southward.

The messenger will give you further information as to details.

With my best wishes for your success in your effort to break the yoke of the oppressor, I remain, respectfully and truly, yours,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

LITTLE ROCK, November 28, 1861.

JEFFERSON DAVIS:

A conspiracy has been discovered in the northern part of this State against the Confederate Government. Secret oaths, signs, and passwords adopted. The intention seems to be to join Lincoln's army if it gets into Arkansas. Twenty-seven men have been arrested and brought here to-day and now in prison. A hundred more will doubtless be brought in a day or so. They say there are 1,700 in the State. What shall be done with them? I ask your advice in the premises. The district judge is not here. He ought to be at his post.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.

RICHMOND, November 30, 1861.

Brigadier General BEN. McCULLOCH,

Springfield, via Little Rock:

I cannot understand why you withdrew your troops instead of pursuing the enemy when his leaders were quarreling and his army separated into parts under different commanders. Send an explanation.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, December 2, 1861.

Brigadier General ALBERT PIKE, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 27th ultimo, I have to say that the Department makes no objection, but, on the contrary, cheerfully assents to your mustering into the service as many companies or regiments of Indians as you may be able to find arms for; also two regiments of infantry and two companies of artillery in the same manner, as soon as you can procure the arms.

No promises can be made in advance (none is ever made) as to the nomination of colonel if the companies are mustered separately into service. You will, of course, understand that the troops as proposed can only be mustered into service accordingly to the rules of the Department, a printed copy whereof I inclose you, calling particular attention to the following points:

1st. That we can at present furnish no arms, but will cheerfully pay

