
wounded, Daniel Cox, Captain Welch's squadron Choctaw and Chickasaw regiment, slightly wounded; Captain C. S. Stewart, Texas regiment, killed; John H. Crow, Texas regiment, killed; --- Reed, Texas regiment, killed; --- Jackson, Texas regiment, killed; John Friend, Texas regiment, severely wounded; --- Smith Creek regiment, killed; --- Smith, Creek regiment, severely wounded; one killed, name not reported.

In consequence of notice received from General McCulloch that Fremont was at Springfield with a very large force; that his advance guard had marched, and that probably his main body would move South the next day; that he (General McCulloch) would obstruct the roads and fight from the line down, but might be obliged to fall back to Boston Mountains, and he having directed me to take position near the Arkansas line, so as to co-operate with him, in connection with the fact that the forage of the country had been destroyed by the enemy and the horses of my command worn down by rapid marches,it was considered improper to pursue the enemy farther, and I returned with the troops to my train at Concharta, which was reached on the 24th of November, 1861.

Information being received at this time that the anticipated attack upon General McCulloch had been averted by Fremont's retreat, and that Hopoeithleyohola, with his forces, had taken refuge in the Cherokee country by invitation of a leading disaffected Cherokee, it was considered unnecessary to take post near the Arkansas line (as directed by General McCulloch), but proper to prosecute the operations against Hopoeithleyohola without delay and with the utmost energy, which I accordingly proceeded to do.

After a few days' rest and preparation the forces under my command at Spring Hill, near Concharta, consisting of 430 rank and file of the Choctaw and Chickasaw Regiment Mounted Rifles, under Major Mitchell Laflore; 50 men, under Captain Alfred Wade, Choctaw battalion; 285 men of the First Creek Regiment, commanded by Colonel D. N. McIntosh, and 15 Creeks, under Captain James M. C. Smith - in all 780 men - were put in motion on the 29th of November in the direction of Tulsey Town, and Colonel Sims, who had gone with the sick of his regiment to Tallahassa, Mo., with all the available force of the Fourth Texas Cavalry, was ordered to move up Verdigris River in the direction of Coody's settlement, where Colonel John Drew, with a detachment of his regiment about 500 strong.

At Tulsey town information was received from a prisoner escaped from Hopoeithleyhola's camp that an immediate attack was intended by the enemy, 2,000 strong. Colonel Drew was ordered to march from Coody's and form a junction with my command somewhere on the road to James McDaniels'. Colonel Sims, then at Mrs. McNair's on Verdigris, was ordered to join me at David Van's. From some misunderstanding Colonel Drew marched direct to Melton's, 6 miles northeast from Hopoeithleyohola. While following the direction contained in his reply I marched north from Van's Musgrove's, on Caney. This he arrived in the immediate vicinity of the enemy twenty-four hours or more in advance of the main body. On the 8th of December, about 12 o'clock, I found him encamped on Bird's Creek. After a brief interview, in which he informed me that Hopoeithleyohola had sent a message expressing a desire to make peace, I authorized him to send in return to Hopoeithleyohla the assurance that we did not desire the shedding of blood among the Indians, and proposed a conference next day. Major Pegg, of the Cherokee regiment,was sent, and I

