
the loyal people will have to leave with us, just as the Missourians did a few months ago. Some of the leaving citizens of the town will see you to-morrow at your headquarters and submit their request to such effect.

The topographical sketch showing our position and disposition of troops will follow, and will sustain my suggestion as to holding the place. I therefore ask you, general, to grant me and my command permission to remain here. It will improve the spirit of our men and break down more and more that of the enemy.

The printing-office was destroyed, but we found a portable printing-press in the court-house, and I have issued an order to collect printers in our command to put it in operation.

The hospital here is in good condition, well provided with mattresses and couches for from 50 to 60 men.

We discovered and secured from 30 to 40 wagons loads of lead, for which it would be well to send teams.

Requesting your orders, I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ASBOTH,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Second Division.

P. S.-We have also secured 6 wagon loads of tools for pioneers, sappers and miners, left behind by the Confederate forces.

General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding Southwestern District, Dept. of the Missouri.

Numbers 4. Proclamation of Brigadier-General Asboth, U. S. Army, to the citizens of Fayetteville, Ark.
HEADQUARTERS AT COLONEL TIBBETT'S,Fayetteville, Washington County, Ark., February 23, 1862.

To the Citizens of Fayetteville:

Sent in command of the advance guard of the United States Army of the Southwestern District, Department of the Missouri, by General Samuel R. Curtis, commanding, I have occupied your town to arrest the wanton destruction of public and private property already inaugurated by the Confederate troops; to sustain those of its inhabitants who have been faithful to the laws; to encourage all who may have temporarily wavered in their duty under the threats of bad and designing men, and to establish the law and order essential to the public weal. While, therefore, calling upon the loyal citizens of this town to aid me in the furtherance and accomplishment of these objects, I a the same time offer to all who may have faltered in their fealty, but who shall now truthfully declare their allegiance to the laws of the Union, the protection of its flag. Deserted fire-sides cannot be guarded but every house containing a living soul shall have the protection of our power. None, therefore, should depart. Those absent should return.

General Curtis, the commanding general, desires personally to see and confer with one or two of your leading citizens regarding the wel-

