
at a valuation for all such as furnished by troops who offer to enlist for the war.
2nd. That if troops arm themselves and tender their services for twelve months we accept them, but do not pay for the arms.

I would not be willing to accept the Indians, even if offered for the war, as it would be of little value to put them in camps of instructions as we do with our own citizens under such circumstances. I doubt not the value of such a force as you propose to raise, and will be most happy to learn of your success.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., MISSOURI STATE GUARD,New Madrid, Mo., December 2, 1861.

Colonel W. G. PHEELAN, Mo. S. G.,

Commanding Second Regiment, Camp Blanton, Mo.:

SIR: By orders from the Secretary of War, the embargo on all produce and stock is removed. You will therefore let the people know that they camp can ship or drive their produce or stock. You will order the companies of Captains Galbraith and McMurray, belonging to the First regiment of Cavalry, to report to their regiment at this place. The troops from Cairo have gone northward again, and whether they will go after Price or stop at Cape Girardeau is not known. The weather is exceedingly bad and many men are sick. As soon as I hear from Price I will prepare for winter quarters. Let me hear from you, and as soon as Kitchen returns you had better come over.

Yours, &amp;c.,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, WESTERN DEPARTMENT,Columbus, Ky., December 2, 1861.

Colonel Gantt will move his regiment to new Madrid and garrison the work now being constructed at that place. He will take with him four guns on siege carriages, now on the work on the hill; the guns not now in battery. He will make requisition on the ordnance officer at this place for 100 rounds, 50 round shot, and 50 of grape for each gun, with necessary cartridges of powder. While General Thompson is at that post he will command the post, and Colonel Gantt will report to and be under his orders. He will take with him twenty days' rations for his command. A transport will be furnished by the time the command can be put in readiness.

By command of G. J. Pillow, brigadier-general, C. S. Army.

JOHN C. BURCH,

Aide-de-Camp.

LITTLE ROCK, December 3, 1861.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN, Secretary of War:

I dispatched the President recently [November 28], advising him of the arrest of citizens of Arkansas who had entered into a conspiracy against the South. No answer. Twenty-seven of them are in jail here

