
that purpose. My army are now going into winter quarters. Nothing now can be done on this line until spring. I await answer.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

BEN. McCULLOCH,

Brigadier-General.

RICHMOND, December 5, 1861.

General BEN. McCULLOCH, Little Rock:

If you think you can safely leave leave your command, you are authorized to come to Richmond.

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., December 5, 1861.

Gov. H. M. RECTOR, Little Rock:

It is not possible, at this distance and with imperfect knowledge of the facts, to give directions about the parties arrested. You must use your best judgment in acting on the information before you.*

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp on Sac River, December 6, 1861.

Brigadier-General McCULLOCH,

Or other Officer Commanding Confederate Forces in Northwestern Arkansas:

SIR: The condition of affairs in this State is such that I must move my command to the Missouri River at the earliest practicable day. Predatory bands of the enemy, under such men as Lane, Montgomery, and Jennison, supported by the United States forces, are not only desolating the country, but are committing the most barbarous outrages upon the people of that region. They at the same time effectually close the roads to the thousands of recruits who would join my army if they could get to it.

My advice from all parts of the State satisfy me that my numbers would be indefinitely increased if I could but open the way to the river. My own force is too small to effect this without incurring the greatest risks. Your co-operation would enable me to do it without risk or difficulty, and we could thereby not only relieve that part of the State, but would able to place ourselves in the very best position for opening the campaign by destroying the railroads and getting possession of the rivers.

I do, therefore, beg you to give me your instant and effective co-operation in a movement upon the Missouri River and also into Kansas if you shall concur in it. I await your answer very anxiously.

I inclose you a proclamation+ as a sample of what is threatened by the enemy upon the Missouri River, and they seem to be carrying out their threats.

*See Rector to Benjamin, December 3, p. 700.

+Not found.

