
I am transferring the State troops as rapidly as I can, and very successfully, into the Confederate service.

I am, with the greatest respect, very truly, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding Mo. S. G.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Van Buren, Ark., December 7, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that, having been left in command of the division by General McCulloch, I have established my headquarters at this place. The prevalence of the small-pox at Fort Smith prevented me from making my headquarters there. I have taken every possible precaution to prevent this disease from interring the division, and I am happy to state that no case has yet occurred among the troops. The division is divided into two brigades-the First, commanded by myself, is composed of five regiments of cavalry and one independent company; the Second, commanded by Colonel Louis Hebert (whose headquarters are at Fayetteville), is composed of six regiments of infantry, one regiment and a battalion of cavalry, and three batteries, two four-gun batteries, and one complete. My brigade is now at its stations on the Arkansas River below this and in a distance of 60 miles. The companies are busily engaged in erecting huts for winter quarters. The second Brigade have gone into winter quarters near Fayetteville.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

JAMES McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

DECEMBER 18, 1861.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War. In my opinion this command, instead of being put into winter quarters, would be kept free from disease by being ordered to the field in Missouri, where it would render good service to the cause. Colonel McIntosh is an intelligent, active officer, and would grace the commission of brigadier-general. Colonel Hebert is also a highly-intelligent and capable officer. A combination of the talents of these officers as leaders would doubtless produce favorable results.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., MISSOURI STATE GUARD,New Madrid, Mo., December 7, 1861.

Brigadier General M. L. CLARK, MO. S. G., Richmond, Va.:

DEAR GENERAL: There has been a great deal of dissatisfaction among the men you left here, and upon the return of Colonel Kennelly, who was anxious to have some of them go with him, and on a representation that you had accepted a position in the Regular Army,

