
would be entirely agreeable to him, I feel sure. I make suggestion above because I am impressed with the necessity of a regulated and disciplined force for the task assigned us. As it is, there is an artillery company and my command belonging to the fort, but each independent of the other, and both at sea as to orders, drill, regulations, &amp;c.

The ammunition for the guns sent from Columbus not received. Captain Stewart will forward a requisition for what is necessary, which we ought to have as early as practicable.

If matters here were under your eye directly, or your knowledge of them did not have to come through channels necessarily and unavoidably imperfect, I should not have made the suggestions above, and do so with diffidence, for I am aware that it requires nice discrimination to keep in the bounds of propriety in such matters, and hope to be pardoned for anything I may have said amiss.

Regretting the length of this letter and promising brevity hereafter, I am, yours, &c.,

E. W. GANTT,

Commanding Twelfth Arkansas Regiment.

LITTLE VERDIGRIS, December 11, 1861.

Colonel JAMES McINTOSH,

Commanding McCulloch's Division, &c.:

COLONEL: Yours of the 1st instant, by Major Clark, is at hand. Colonel Sims' effective command is with me, and will go into winter quarters as soon as the state of affairs in this country will permit. Day before yesterday we had a battle with Hopoeithlayohola's forces, about 2,000 strong, and a part of Colonel Drew's regiment of Cherokees, who deserted in a body the night before and went over to the enemy. Colonel Drew and about 70 men joined me. This disaffection, I fear, is wide-spread in the Cherokee Nation, and instead of withdrawing troops, it is absolutely necessary to have additional white force. I hope you will send Colonel Young's regiment immediately to support Colonel Stand Watie or take post at or near Fort Gibson. Colonel Stand Watie, if hard pressed, will fall back to that point. The true men among the Cherokees must be supported and protected or we shall lose the Indian Territory.

Respectfully,

DOUGLAS H. COOPER,

Colonel, C. S. Army, Commanding Indian Department.

I am nearly out of provisions and ammunition, and shall fall back down the Arkansas slowly to mouth of Verdigris. The battle commenced about 1 o'clock and lasted until the darkness compelled me to withdraw my men from the creek bottom. Next morning the enemy had disappeared. Their loss was very heavy.
HEADQUARTERS,Pocahontas, Ark., December 11, 1861.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON,

Commanding Western Department, Bowling Green, Ky.:

GENERAL: Since my letter of the 27th ultimo,* concerning insurrec-

*Not found.

