
tionary movements in Izard County and other portions of this State, the expedition, consisting of two companies of infantry, which, as I then informed you, would be sent to aid in suppressing those movements, has performed that duty and returned. As I had anticipated the troubles in that quarter were found to be less serious than they had been represented to me, though they were sufficiently so to require prompt attention. By the time my expedition arrived at the scene of these troubles the loyal citizens of the several neighborhoods had organized themselves into companies of Home Guards for their own protection, and had so far regained the ascendancy as to leave but little more for the force I had sent to their assistance than to aid in collecting the prisoners who were taken or had voluntarily given themselves up. As well as I can learn, some 40 of these prisoners had already been sent to Little Rock and some 75 or 80 more were confined in the jails of the different counties. Besides these, my returning force received the surrender of 57 prisoners and brought them to this place for my disposal. Upon inquiring into the character and antecedents of those 57 men, I do not find that any of them have been guilty of such overt acts of disloyalty as would warrant any severity of punishment. The most of them are ignorant men; and although they have continued to be, ever since the accession of Arkansas to the Southern Confederacy, Union men, in their associations, at least, if not in their real sentiments and decided connections, yet they are not found to have engaged in any act of open disloyalty to our Government. The most of them, moreover, declare their innocence of any such intentions, alleging that if they have done wrong at all in this respect they had been misled by others, who have made their escape from the country; and in evidence of their present sincerity and their desire to prove their loyalty to the South they have all voluntarily taken the oath of allegiance, and earnestly insist upon being permitted to enter the military service in some of our companies.

In view of this state of facts, and believing that it will be both safe and useful to the public interest, I have granted permission for such of them as may be found suitable in other respects to be received as recruits into the several companies; suitable arms for their use being furnished by the country people. Such of them as may be found unfit for the military service and are yet unwilling to return home, as all of them are, will be disposed of in the most useful and economical way, as mechanics, teamsters, &amp;c., as opportunity may offer.

From the best information I can get, the prompt and decided steps which have been taken in this case, especially in the matter of driving the leaders entirely from the State and removing so many of the rank and file from the disaffected neighborhoods, have had the effect to crush the insurrectionary movement in all its material elements, and leave little more to be done in respect to it than to exercise ordinary vigilance and discretion for a few weeks or months to come in quieting the public mind in those neighborhoods where these troubles have existed. This I shall endeavor to do, in co-operation with the State authorities.

In the hope that what I have done in this case will meet your approval, I have the honor to be, most respectfully, yours,

SOLON BORLAND,

Colonel, Commanding.

