
They will come down to you. I think they will have seventy-five regiments or more. They haven't over 6,000 at Camp Holt. I don't know how many guns they have there and at Bird's Point. I don't know, as they won't let me go to their cannon. I think I will be able to go where I please soon.

I will get more information soon. They are close after me at this time. You must excuse me.
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Van Buren, Ark., December 14, 1861.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have to-day received a communication from Major-General Price, commanding the Missouri State Guard, asking my co-operation with him in his proposed march to the Missouri River. I herewith inclose my answer. The facility with which the enemy could concentrate a force on the Missouri River renders such a project at this season of the year almost madness. In a very short time it will be nearly impossible for wagons or artillery to move over the Missouri roads.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES McINTOSH,

Colonel, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION,Van Buren, Ark., December 14, 1861.

Major General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Mo. S. G., Camp on Sac River, Missouri:

GENERAL: Your communication, dated the 6th instant, has just been received. After General McCulloch ordered the troops of this division into winter quarters, some at Fayetteville and some on the Arkansas River, he started for Richmond, leaving the command with me. On the same day I received your communication a call for aid came from General Cooper, commanding the Indian Department, who had just had another battle with Hopoeithlayohola, and was falling back. Some of the Indian regiments were disaffected, and nearly an entire regiment had deserted to the enemy. Under these circumstances I have been compelled to send three regiments to his assistance.

I am endeavoring to make the troops now in this division as effective as possible, in anticipation of a call from the Mississippi River. Memphis is menaced, and a call has been made on the neighboring States for assistance. The fall of Memphis would be disastrous in the extreme to our cause. Under all these circumstances, the want of many essentials, the want of warm clothing for our Southern troops, and, moreover, the great distance to be traveled in the depth of winter over the bleak prairies of Missouri, I feel compelled, although reluctantly, to decline to co-operate with you in your proposed march to the Missouri River. Hitherto whenever we have co-operated, and I have had a voice in the matter, it has always been to move forward with you, but I am satisfied that nothing but disaster would attend a forward movement now. Did I think the good of my country permitted this move nothing

