
GENERAL ORDERS,

Numbers 136.HEADQUARTERS MO. S. G.,Camp on Bear Creek, December 20, 1861.

The army will move to-morrow morning at sunrise. The following will be the order of march:

1st. Eighth Division, General Rains.

2nd. Third Division, General Price.

3rd. Second Division, General Green.

4th. Sixth Division, General Parsons.

5th. Volunteer Corps, Colonel Little.

6th. Fourth Division, General Slack.

7th. Fifth Division, General Steen.

The Eighth Division will furnish an advance guard of 200 men, under command of a field officer, who will report to the major-general commanding, before starting, for instructions. The Fifth Division will furnish a like guard for the rear.

By order of Major-General Price.

RICHMOND, VA., December 21, 1861.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF MISSOURI:

MY DEAR SIR: We are anxious that the troops of Missouri should be tendered to the Confederate Government, in order that they may be organized into brigades and divisions and general officers appointed for them, or, if preferable to them, received as independent companies or battalions, for such further organization as the interest of the service and the character of the troops may indicate. By this it is thought that their efficiency will be increased, and that they will be increased, and that they will be relieved from the anomalous position they now occupy as militia of the Confederate States without being a part of their organized Army.

This arrangement seems very desirable to me, both for the sake of the Missouri troops and the advancement of our cause, and I hope it will meet with your concurrence.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.

FORT THOMPSON, MO., December 21, 1861.

Major-General POLK:

DEAR SIR: Regarding this place as of too much importance in the defense of the Mississippi Valley to be lost or jeopardized (and knowing that you so regard it), I cannot refrain, at the expense, possibly, of being thought obtrusive, from giving a short statement of things as they exist here.

Our force consists of two artillery companies (one of them well drilled), and the Twelfth Arkansas Regiment, armed and equipped. Of General Thompson's immediate command 600 or 700 only are left. They are a wretched, ragged, dispirited looking set of men; half armed, undisciplined, careless, and inattentive. There is no Confederate cavalry. The garrison in the fort is at the mercy of the Missouri pickets. Of these, one entire company, while on picket duty several days ago, left their posts, disbanded, and went home. I have no sort of confidence in the vigilance and fidelity of the others. You can't induce them, and, what is worse, the officers who take charge of them, to apprehend any danger. A feeling of too great security has resulted in a consequent want of vigilance and attention, and these men will soon disband.

These things are not written to annoy or give you trouble or uneasi-

