
the before us. We were in a section of country infested with a band of bad men-secessionists. we alarmed them greatly, and rendered good service to the Union . They had come to the conclusion our troops would not visit them, and were depredating on the property of loyal citizens. The 3 prisoners we took were engaged in the attempt to rob the house of John Gullet of a lot of boots and shoes on the evening of the 19th instant.

On the evening of this hard day's work we reached the plantation of Price Anderson. Traveling without tents and camp equipage, we were preparing to take our rest on the ground without shelter, when Mr. Anderson invited the company to take shelter in his large and commodious residence. Having reason to believe an enemy in front of us, the command laid on its arms during the night.

On the morning of the I divided the command, sending half of it, under Sergeant Butcher, up Stall's Creek, and from thence to Mallard's still-house, in the timber north of the prairie, with directions to destroy 's still-house and the one at Mallard's, and to come to my assistance if he heard firing. With half the command I crossed the prairie to 's, where it was represented the rebels had a strong picket. Not finding them, I marched to Mallard's still-house from the northwest. The rebels had fled before us, and I returned to Mount Vernon, and on the came to this city. There were two reasons for destroying those still-houses: First, they were places of rendezvous for the forming secession bands for plunder; secondly, bad men would get drunk there, and go to Union men's expose their naked persons to Union women. I hope you will, and I know every good woman in the State will, indorse the destruction-the burning of those still-houses. They were each worth almost $150.

Since my company was mustered into the service I have been constantly in the field and am behind with my property reports, but will make them out at the earliest convenient moment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN M. RICHARDSON,

Captain Mountain Rangers, Mo. S. M.

Colonel HARDING,

Adjutant-General, Missouri.

FEBRUARY 23-25, 1862.-Reconnaissance from, Mo., and skirmish near Saint .

Report of Colonel Albert Jackson, Twelfth Missouri Cavalry Militia.

, MO., February 27, 1862.

SIR: On the 23rd instant there was a scouting party sent out from this post by the commandant, Colonel Alexander, of about 200 men. The troops composing this party consisted of parts of two companies of the First Indiana Cavalry, Captain Hawkins' company Missouri Volunteers, and Captain 's company Missouri State Militia, all under command of Major, of the First Indiana Cavalry. On Tuesday, the instant, they were surprised by a party of rebels, variously estimated at from 2,000 down to 80 men, the true number, from best accounts, not being less than 80 nor over 200 men. That our men, or at least the largest portion of them, made an unnecessary

