
tion guns, 24-pounders and 3-inch howitzers, for which I have asked, ought to be furnished at once, as I can immediately raise the companies to receive them.

The moneys, &amp;445,000, placed in my hands for the brigade-quartermaster, will be almost wholly in large notes notes, 50s and 100s. I am compelled to go by the way of New Orleans, and suggest to the Secretary whether, upon a request from him, I may not be able to exchange a part of this money in New Orleans for bank notes of small denominations, say 20s, 10s, 5s, 3s, 2s, and 1s. Without a supply of these I do not see how the Indian troops are to be paid off at all. I also specially request that the moneys appropriated under the treaties may be immediately procured from the Treasury and sent out to the superintendent. The specie to be provided can, I suppose, be had in New Orleans, and as I am going by that city I can, if the Secretary pleases, take charge of it and the other moneys, and convey all to the superintendent at Fort Smith. I have ambulances at Napoleon that can convey the specie.

Supplies of shoes, clothing, and blankets, as far as they can be had, ought to be furnished the Indian troops. If the Government has any in Richmond I hope to be able to obtain them. I also respectfully request that my recommendation for appointment may be speedily disposed of, and especially that I may be furnished with the engineers asked for. If all I need can be effected within the remaining three days of this week I hope to leave the city on Monday next. I am most anxious to do so.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALBERT PIKE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Department of Indian Territory.
HDQRS. FIRST MILITARY DISTRICT, MO. S. G.,New Madrid, Mo., December 26, 1861.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, C. S. A., Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR GENERAL: Nearly all my men are disbanded and comparatively but few have re-enlisted. They seemed determined to take the Christmas holidays to themselves and are having a real noisy time of it. Two-thirds of those who have enlisted are "for the war," and I expect that all of those who join in January will be for the war. Those that come in later will be twelve-months' men. I have allowed each aspirant for office to open a kind of recruiting office, and I swear in each man myself, intending to combine them as soon as I find elements which suit.

I disband the cavalry to-morrow, and will be without pickets for a few days, but feel no uneasiness on that account, as I will have a soldier either on foot or horseback at every farm-house in New Madrid and Mississippi Counties, and it will be almost as safe as if every one was on duty, for they all feel insecure, and will sleep with "one eye open." Major Kalfus, who has had charge of the pickets near Charleston, is with the disbanded men, and will take it upon himself to see that some one is always "on watch."

A man from Cairo reports that some days ago there was considerable preparation for some purpose, when two runaway negroes arrived from near Columbus and gave a description of the submarine battery, and it was in such exaggerated terms that the project, whatever it was, was immediately abandoned, and great consternation prevailed.

