
me at length, and the letter is of such a character as to induce me to send you a copy of it. You will see he expresses himself very freely of his associate, General McCulloch, and I am constrained to say that all the information I receive from that quarter (and I am hearing constantly) is in the same vein. In a word, I am perfectly satisfied that the force now in McCulloch's hands should be controlled by some one who would co-operate freely and vigorously with General Price, and that this should be done as early as practicable. So long as the Federal forces under Halleck are kept occupied by Price in Missouri, they cannot co-operate with Buell against Johnston, nor be concentrated against me on my right or left flank. I hope, therefore, we shall hot fail to occupy him fully with all the resources at our command. I have sent General Price several batteries and more or less of ammunition. Troops I have none to spare. This army of McCulloch's, as it appears to me, might be better employed than in the inaction of winter quarters. The courier who takes this to you is my courier to Price. He is a Western man of intelligence, and highly respectable. He is also a man of some experience, and you may obtain from him valuable information of affairs in Missouri.

I remain, faithfully, your obedient servant,

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.- I at this moment require a force of 10,000 to occupy and hold Madrid and Southeastern Missouri. I have only about 1,500 in a fort which I have built at Madrid; and I require a force of 20,000 between this and Clarksville, on the Cumberland.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Springfield, December 23, 1861.

Major-General POLK, Columbus, Ky.:

GENERAL: I acknowledge with very great pleasure the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant. It was handed to me yesterday by Mr. Burton, who also gave me the information which you desired him to communicate to me. I fully agree with you that it is all-important that we should be kept advised (so far as it may be safe or expedition) of each other's position, strength, and plans, and shall be glad to aid you in the accomplishment of that object. Your plans as made known to me by Mr. Burton meet my full concurrence, and I promise you my earnest co-operation in the execution of them.

There are two main obstacles in the way of the successful prosecution of the war in this State, one of which ought to have been long since overcome and the other of which ought never to have existed, and the present existence of both of which is due mainly, if not altogether, to the conduct of General McCulloch: 1st, the fact that the great majority of those who desire to take up arms on the part of the South are prevented from doing so by the enemy's occupation of the State, which closes to them every avenue of approach to my army; and, 2nd, the dissatisfaction which General McCulloch's constant refusal to co-operate with us has engendered in the minds of the people of Missouri, and which leads them to doubt whether the Confederate Government really sympathizes with and desires to aid them.

The most populous and truest counties of the State lie upon or north of the Missouri River. Had General McCulloch, in response to my

