
in Kentucky. My troops and the people know these facts, and the knowledge of their existence creates, as I before said, the greatest dissatisfaction with and distrust of the Confederate Government. This feeling grows daily, and will do us incalculable harm if it be not speedily quieted.

There is not at this time a single Confederate soldier in the State, nor does there seem to be any likelihood that one will come into it during the winter; whilst there are at least 50,000 troops in it from Kansas, Iowa, Illinois, Wisconsin, Michigan, Indiana, and Ohio. How long can we be expected to carry on this unequal contest, almost completely isolated as we are from the Southern States and surrounded on three sides by hostile States, and especially when it is taken into consideration that we have not a single dollar with which to conduct the war? Something must be done and that speedily. I have abandoned all hope of getting the co-operative of General McCulloch. Your kind letter comes, therefore, most seasonably and doubly welcome.

We may yet make this winter campaign result in the deliverance of Missouri or at least in great good our cause. I will have at least 20,000 men under my command in a very short time, and will gladly unite with you in a movement on Saint Louis, as suggested by you. If you will mature your plans and communicate them to me you will be seconded in the execution of them not only by myself, but by every man in my army; and whether we succeed in the main object or not, we will accomplish a great deal. Our people will see that the Government really desires to assist them. Their way to the army will at the same time be opened to them by the withdrawal of the enemy's forces from the rest of the State for the protection of Saint Louis, and they will come to us from every quarter by hundreds and by thousands. I am informed, too, that there are over 6,000 men in Saint Louis ready to spring to arms at the first gleam of hope. I do therefore hope you will find it expedient to undertake the execution of your bold and well conceived plan. You will have my hearty co-operation. The bearer, Mr. Burton, will inform you more particularly of the strength of my army.

I have the honor to be, general, with the greatest respect, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Mo. S. G.

STEAMBOAT LACKLAND,

Columbus, January 4, 1862-8 p. m.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, C. S. A., Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR GENERAL: Just after parting from you this morning I was taken very sick and compelled to come to this boat to lie down. I have been in bed until now, and therefore have not been able to accept your kind invitation or embrace the opportunity to dine with you, which I would have considered an honor and pleasure.

This boat start down to-night and I will go home on her.

I regret exceedingly that I did not have a private conversation with you, as our Missouri affairs need some particular attention, and I am fearful that you have been misinformed by some of the parties who have visited you lately as to the true state of feeling in my district.

Every good officer and soldier will again enter the service and are

