
received. Viewed as a reply to mine of the 21st, it is most extraordinary that you should recite the sufferings and ask me to appoint a commander of the militia over which you had control, and concerning the transfer of whom I had written to you, pointing out the necessity for their tender to the Confederate Government in order that they might be put on the footing of other volunteers in the Confederate service, that brigades and divisions might be organized, and commanding generals be appointed for them. You seem only to remember what others have not done, else in enumerating the privations of your own militia, not mustered into the Confederate service, you would have mentioned the relief afforded to them by the agent of the Confederate Government, sent by me with money to cover more than the objects you and General Atchison originally specified.

You speak of delay and neglect of Missouri by the authorities at Richmond. In what our delay consists and wherein our neglect has been manifested you do not state, but it would seem to have been in not appointing a general before we had troops for him, or in not appointing him to command your militia, and in not having an organized army in your State when you have not furnished to me a regiment; and now when we want muster rolls, to send me only your reasons why the Missouri Volunteers may not be willing to enter the service of the Confederate States and contribute to make up the army which is needed to defend Missouri.

Though your letter was written at New Orleans, as you do not say how long you will remain there, I send this to Memphis, under the expectation that you will return to that place or to Missouri, and take the occasion to renew my request for the tender of any armed troops which you may be able to offer to the Confederate States for the common defense of for the local defense of Missouri.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

JEFFERSON DAVIS.
SPECIAL ORDERS,Numbers 8.
ADJT. AND INSP. General 'S OFFICE,

Richmond, January 10, 1862.

* * * * * *

XIX. That part of the State of Louisiana north of Red River, the Indian Territory west of Arkansas, and the States of Arkansas and Missouri, excepting therefrom the tract of country east of the Saint Francis, bordering on the Mississippi River, from the mouth of the Saint Francis to Scott County, Missouri (which tract will remain in the district of Major-General Polk), is constituted the Trans-Mississippi District of Department Numbers 2, and Major General Earl Van Dorn is assigned to the command of the same. He will immediately repair to Bowling Green, Ky., and report for duty to General A. S. Johnston, commanding Department Numbers 2.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNO. WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LITTLE ROCK, January 13, 1862.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK:

General McCulloch's command are in winter quarters, the cavalry in the Arkansas River Valley, this side of Fort Smith, the infantry

