
and artillery at Cross Hollow, in Benton County, 70 miles north of Fort Smith. This is the latest intelligence I have.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.

[JANUARY 12, 16, 1862.-For Benjamin to Johnston and to Polk, informing them of Van Dorn's assignment to the Trans-Mississippi Department, see Series I, Vol. VII, pp. 826, 833.]

NEW MADRID, MO., January 16, 1862-1 p. m.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, C. S. A., Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR GENERAL: I have been busily engaged paying my men for services prior to November 1, 1861. Since my return home I have seen many citizens from the two upper counties of my district. They report all quiet. Great inducements are being offered to my men to return to their homes and violent threats against those who do not. We are laboring under great difficulties, but I am not discouraged, although opposed by many circumstances which others must assist me to remove.

As soon as Governor Jackson reaches this point I hope he will counteract the opposition to the Confederate service which seems to prevail among the people. If I do not go to Richmond next week I will desire to remove my headquarters beyond the swamp in Stoddard County.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Mo. S. G.

NEW MADRID, MO., January 16, 1862.

His Excellency C. F. JACKSON,

Governor of Missouri, Memphis, Tenn.:

DEAR GOVERNOR: I reached home safely on the 14th, and on yesterday commenced paying the men for their services prior to November 1. The &amp;100,000 brought with me will keep us busy this week, and I hope that more will be ready to be forwarded by that time, as many persons from a distance bring quartermaster and commissary scrip with them, and are sadly disappointed when they have to go home with but a portion of their money. The whole expense of my brigade will exceed &1,000,000, and of course what I brought is but a priming when all begin to demand their pay.

There is a great delay in the enlistments in the Confederate service. Whether it be the fault of the officers or the disposition of the men or the hard wintry weather which prevails at present I do not know. Something must be attributed to the inducements offered by the Federals, but, be it what it may, things are not going on to suit me. We need some encouragement among the people. These bonds we are issuing must be made surround, and to do so the Confederacy must assume the whole war debt.

I have had written on the bonds I have issued, "Prior to November

