
1, 1861," so that they can be distinguished from those issued for services since November 1, as it is better that they should be distinguished from each other, as by not doing so all may [be] considered below par, whereas everybody is willing to take those for expenses since the Confederacy assumed our debt. I hope you will instruct our commissioners to make some distinguishing mark until the whole can be made equally good, or rather instruct the paymasters, or we will have interminable confusion.

I wish you would make all inquiries necessary about repairing old guns.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS,

Numbers 5.HDQRS. FIRST DIV. WESTERN DEPT.,Columbus, Ky., January 16, 1862.

The major-general commanding has heard with great satisfaction from Colonel E. W. Gantt and has read in the Saint Louis Republican of the 9th instant of the daring and brilliant feat of Lieutenant S. Swank, of Captain Price's cavalry, with 4 men, in attacking a marauding band of 1,300 of the enemy.*

The attack was successful to a degree rarely equaled in the annals of war. The enemy acknowledge 4 killed and 10 wounded. He admits his cavalry retreated. Our men claim they killed 5 on the spot and wounded 21, of whom 5 soon died. Either statement makes heroes of the brave men who thus dared to meet an enemy with an overwhelming force. Such an example is worthy the imitation of all Southern men.

The major-general returns his thanks to Lieutenant Swank and his men, Mathew Wyrick, George Holman, Jo. Danforth, and Alonzo Clark, for their brilliant illustration of Southern valor.

Let the soldiers of my command defend Southern soil in imitation of these brave Missourians.

By command of Major-General Polk:

GEORGE WILLIAMSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Springfield, January 17, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that two regiments of infantry, Colonels Burbridge and Rives; one regiment of cavalry, Colonel Gates; two lights batteries, one of six pieces, Captain Wade; the other of four pieces, Captain S. Churchill Clark, have been organized here in conformity to the laws of the Confederate States for service in the Provisional Army. The muster rolls are being rapidly made out, and will be transmitted to you within five or six days.

I have organized these regiments and batteries into a temporary brigade, under the command of Colonel Henry Little, C. S. Army.

* No report of this affair can be found.

