
I hope that it will be the President's pleasure to accept the transfer of these troops without any unnecessary delay and as tendered of this date. The infantry regiments and the artillery companies are fully armed and equipped. The cavalry regiment is well armed and equipped, and will be completely armed and equipped by the State.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding Missouri State Guard.

P. S.- Several other regiments of infantry, a regiment of cavalry (for the war), and several companies of artillery are in a forward state of enlistment, and I expect to have the pleasure of transmitting to you the muster rolls of several additional brigades within a very few weeks.

Yours, very respectfully,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, M. S. G.
HDQRS. FIRST MIL. DIST., MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp New Madrid, January 18, 1862-9 p. m.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, C. S. A., Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR GENERAL: I sent you a message to-day by the captain of the De Soto, being information which I gathered from the Chicago Times of the 14th instant, and from Lieutenant Swank, who is the officer who has fought the Federals so bravely.

If the information was correct I have no doubt but that your hands are full of business at present, unless the rain for the past twenty-four hours has compelled the enemy to retire.

It is reported to-night here that a column is at Benton on their way here and that another column occupied Bloomfield yesterday.

These reports need confirmation to me, but they are currently believed at this place. If true, I will also have my hands full; for although the country on both sides of the swamp is full of my men, yet there has been no organization, and all look to me as captain, colonel, and general.

You have probably heard that all persons living within 6 miles oft Bird's Point (men, women, and children) have been taken into the fort and are guarded there.

Should you have a moment's leisure at any time I would be very grateful if you would write a word in my favor to the "powers" at Richmond, as it is almost impossible for me to spare the time to go to Richmond, as a majority of our Missouri brigadiers have, to attend to my interests in person, and the sooner the Missourians know who are to be their leaders, the sooner they will enlist in the Confederate service.

I know that personal enemies have told you that my popularity and efficiency are myths, but I am vain enough to believe that you think otherwise, and as between myself and the other Missouri brigadiers there is a little personal pride and ambition, and as we all cannot be appointed in the Confederate service, I would prefer to be one of those selected.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General.

47 R R-VOL VIII

