
My object, general, is now to advise with you on the subject of the mines.

My troops are all in winter quarters, and the small amount of cavalry under my command is not very efficient at present on account of sickness.

If you will permit me, I would respectfully ask that some portion of your force be sent to Granby. It may, however, be that the forces now there are sufficient for the protection of the mines. You are certainly more able to judge of this than I am.

Should you think otherwise I will send some troops up, although I do not wish to do so. In this respect, general, I would respectfully ask your advice.

I have to acknowledge your communication of the 16th instant, and I fully appreciate its kind expression of good feelings and wishes. I trust that I will do nothing to mar our pleasant relations. The cases of small-pox here were all citizens and not soldiers. Until now the disease has not spread.

On receipt of your letter I telegraphed to the medical purveyor at Fort Smith relative to vaccine matter for your army. His reply is that he will immediately give his attention to my request. I have also issued orders to all the surgeons of my brigade to save all reliable vaccine matter and to dispose of it whenever called for. The medical director of the division is also using his efforts to obtain reliable matter from the inoculation of the cow with real small-pox virus. I trust that with precaution the disease will be arrested at once.

I remain, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS HEBERT,

Colonel Third Regiment La. Vols., Commanding Second Brigade.

P. S.-A train of some 77 wagons from Fort Smith is arriving here destined to you. I am directed to furnish an escort to it. I would, however, request that you send an escort to meet the train as far down as possible, as I can spare but a very small body of mounted men.

The train will be ordered to follow the telegraph road to Springfield. This train is intended to bring a return load of lead from Granby.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H., Colonel.

GENERAL ORDERS,

Numbers 26.HDQRS. MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Springfield, Mo., January 23, 1862.

I. The volunteer force will be distributed until further orders into two brigades and an extra battalion.

II. The following troops will constitute the First Brigade:

1. The First Regiment Cavalry, Colonel Gates.

2. The First Regiment Infantry, Colonel Burbridge.

3. The Second Regiment Infantry, Colonel Rives.

4. Captain Wade's battery.

Colonel Henry Little will assume command of this brigade, and appoint, with the major-general's approval, a brigade staff, consisting of:

1. An adjutant, with the rank of captain.

2. An inspector, with the rank of captain.

3. An ordnance officer, with the rank of captain.

