
FEBRUARY 25, 1862.-Skirmish at Keetsville, Barry Co., Mo.

REPORTS.

Numbers 1.-Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.

Numbers 2.-Colonel Clark Wright, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.

Numbers 1. Report of Brigadier General Samuel R. Curtis, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SOUTHWEST,Camp Halleck, February 27, 1862.

CAPTAIN: A cavalry force of Texas Rangers turned my flank and surprised Captain Montgomery at Keetsville, killing 2 men, taking 60 or 70 horses, and burning some 5 sutler wagons. The enemy's cavalry also made some demonstrations to my right. The citizens of Arkansas seem quite willing to rally under the old flag; but they fear the united forces of Price, Van Dorn, McCulloch, and Pike may return and force them to be secessionists as before.

SAML. R. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Saint Louis, Mo.

Numbers 2. Report of Colonel Clark Wright, Sixth Missouri Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH MISSOURI CAVALRY,Cassville, Mo., February 27, 1862.

GENERAL: I left Camp Halleck at 10 o'clock a. m., and pressed forward in the direction of Keetsville by forced marches. I learned, however, before reaching there that 500 Texas Rangers had attached Captain Montgomery. I still pressed forward, and on my arrival there learned that the captain had fallen back on Cassville, and that point was threatened. It was after dark, but I at once determined to join the forces at this place, where I arrived at 9 o'clock p. m. last night. The particulars of the attack I learn from the captain to be as follows:

About 11 o'clock on the night of the 25th some 500 mounted men, well armed, supposed to be Texas Rangers, made a descent upon their camp from the right and left through the brush, riding down the picket and guards, and commenced a general fire upon the men asleep in camp. The captain rallied his force on foot and a general fight ensued. A portion of our men, however, were cut off, but the remainder stood their ground and three times repulsed the enemy. After about twenty minutes, however, the enemy's superior force being about to surround our force, the captain fell back under cover of the brush and maintained his position and held the town, the enemy retiring.

On yesterday morning, after the enemy had all left, our men found that the enemy had cut loss and stampeded some 40 of their horses. The captain and a portion of his men fell back to Cassville for assistance, leaving Lieutenant Montgomery and the remainder of the men

