
have 400 or 500 men there to hold them in check until the movement on this side of the swamp is developed. You will hear from Colonel Gantt that a large force is said to be at Charleston, but as I have not heard from there for some hours I do not think they have started in this direction. There can be no active service before Monday morning, and as I am on the qui vive I will keep you posted.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General.

NEW MADRID, January 25, 1862-8 p. m.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR GENERAL: I send you a Republican of the 22nd, in which you will find a plan of campaign laid down which shows the importance of New Madrid. The movement is certainly being made to get this point, but if you have steamboats enough to make it safe and will cross a large force to make a demonstration from Belmont it may delay, if not divert them, whereas you can cross your men back again when necessary. The fort here will be held to the last extremity, but I may have to take my little force to the plank road, as I out of the fort will be Jeff. Thompson, and in it I will be but one man.

If you have heard or now believe in this movement being made, please send for several steamboats to make the negro property safe, then I can get more men.

After reading the Republican please send it to the Appeal, Memphis, as the person from whom I received it was taking it there.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,New Madrid, Mo., January 26, 1862.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK, Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: Accounts from Charleston report the enemy at that place as late as 3 o'clock yesterday evening. Their force is reported as large, consisting of infantry and cavalry. No artillery as yet, so my pickets inform me.

The reported demonstration towards Clarkton is confirmed. I do not regard it as of much significance. A mere contest with Colonel Kitchen about a lot of sugar.

Colonel Gee's regiment (Arkansas), by the blundering of Captain Logan, has been ordered to Bowling Green. I learn there was almost a universal desire among the men and officers to be sent to this command.

Colonel Dawson's (Arkansas) regiment will fall to pieces unless ordered away from there.

I need a steamboat here badly.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. GANTT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

