HEADQUARTERS,New Madrid, Mo., January 27, 1862.

Major-General POLK, Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: My pickets came from within 3 miles of Charleston since

6 o'clock yesterday evening, the 26th. A strong force of infantry and cavalry there. Re-enforcements from Bird's Point coming in all day; wagons and teams being pressed at Charleston. Citizens near there think this place is to be attacked. I have the Eleventh and Twelfth Arkansas Regiments and two artillery companies to meet this force should it come. General Thompson can raise near 100 men, no more. This point is regarded as so important, that it will be held or your forces here annihilated. We are in good spirits; not uneasy or insensible of the importance of our task if attacked. Could a few men and guns (small-arms) be spared from Fort Pillow?

No further news from Clarkton. My opinion unchanged in reference to that officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. GANTT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

P. S.- My pickets from Sikeston, just in, report 500 cavalry there this morning.
HEADQUARTERS,New Madrid, Mo., January 28, 1862.

Major-General POLK, Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: Reports from my pickets up to 12 o'clock to-day. Enemy still at Charleston and Bertrand.

The direct road from Charleston here next to impassable. Road from Sikeston here good. Road from Sikeston to Charleston very bad. Information obtained by my scouts to-day leads them to conclude that the enemy are rebuilding the railroad from Charleston to Sikeston. I sent this evening a party of well-mounted men to ascertain the truth of it. We are pushing on our works with renewed vigor. Want of a steamboat retards us some.

I will endeavor to keep you advised of matters, and without any desire of reputation, but with an honest purpose to serve my country and humanity, I will make the best of the means afforded me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. GANTT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.
HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD,Camp at Springfield, January 28, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the muster rolls of two regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and two companies of artillery, mentioned in my communication of the 17th instant, have this day been forwarded to General Samuel Cooper, Adjutant and Inspector General, C. S. Army, by the hands of Colonel Thomas L. Snead.

