
Colonel Snead has been engaged from the beginning in the formation and organization of these troops. He is fully acquainted with their organization, and for this especial reason has been directed to bear the muster rolls to Richmond and act for the State in transferring them to the Confederate Government. His statements concerning the army, its strength, and condition, as well as the prospects of the campaign, may be relied upon. I have fully communicated my views to him, and instructed him to present them to the President and yourself.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General, Commanding Mo. S. G.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., January 29, 1862.

Major General STERLING PRICE, Springfield:

GENERAL: I write but a hasty note. You will excuse me for doing so. I have been preparing my troops to give you assistance, and intended to leave here to-morrow with some of my cavalry to pay you a rapid visit. At the same time I would have advanced some troops on the way, but, general, at 8 a. m. to-day we have here eight inches of snow and a heavy fall still going on. It is of course impossible for me to move my command.

As, general, I intend to do all things practicable to assist you, I still request that you do me the kindness of keeping me informed.

With high respect, I remain, your obedient servant,

LOUIS HEBERT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS,

Numbers 1.HDQRS. TRANS-MISS. DIST., DEPT. Numbers 2,Little Rock, Ark., January 29, 1862.

I. The undersigned, by order of the President, assumes command of the Trans-Mississippi District, which comprises the States of Missouri and Arkansas, except that portion of them lying between the Saint Francis and Mississippi Rivers, as far north as Scott County, Missouri; the State of Louisiana, as far south as Red River and the Indian Territory west of Arkansas. Headquarters, until otherwise directed, at Pocahontas, Ark.

Commanders of troops in the service of the Confederate States within this district will at once make a report of the strength and condition of their commands, accompanied with a written report in full of everything relating to the supplying of the troops, their wants, their arms and equipments, their clothing, ammunition, and, in a word, of everything that might be considered useful to be known at headquarters.

II. All officers, non-commissioned officers, and soldiers belonging to the troops of this district, now on furlough, are hereby ordered to return immediately to their regiments. The sick alone are excepted.

It is hoped that this order will be considered a sufficient guarantee that there is a necessity for the immediate services of every soldier in the district, and that those to whom it relates will respond with cheerfulness and alacrity to it.

III. The following officers are announced as staff officers at headquarters:

