
ice; we require nothing further, but in order to secure the return of the muster rolls to this Department, I have generally refused to furnish the commissions for the regimental staff until I had the muster rolls.

You are aware that under our organization each regiment is entitled to the following staff, viz: one assistant quartermaster, one assistant commissary, one surgeon, one assistant surgeon, one chaplain, and one adjutant. We are in the habit of nominating these on the recommendation of the colonels of the regiments, and as fast as regiments are formed the colonels ought to consult their regiments and send me a list of the staff they desire to have nominated.

We are making every effort to raise for your aid such a force in Arkansas, Texas, Northern Louisiana as shall be able, when combined with your own troops, to make a vigorous campaign, commencing, if possible, by 10th to 15th next month.

I am, your obedient servant,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

LITTLE ROCK, February 6, 1862.

Honorable J. P. BENJAMIN:

General Van Dorn has called upon me for 8,500 men; if armed, for twelve months; if not, for the war. I see that Congress has given authority to subsist men before the organization [of] companies. Will you give instructions to this effect to your quartermasters in Arkansas at once? It is almost indispensable. Those going for the war expect the bounty to be paid at once. Can it be so paid and where? With these facilities we can furnish the men desired speedily; without them, the process will be tedious.

Answer at once.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.
SPECIAL ORDERS,Numbers 7.
HDQRS. TRANS-MISS. DIST., DEPT. Numbers 2,

Jacksonport, Ark., February 6, 1862.

General B. McCulloch, commanding Confederate forces near Fort Smith, Ark., will order two regiments of infantry, two regiments of cavalry, and one battery of artillery to proceed at once, by the most practicable and direct route, to Pocahontas, Ark., where said troops will be stationed for the present.

By order of Major-General Earl Van Dorn:

WM. N. R. BEALL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. TRANS-MISS. DISTRICT, DEPT. Numbers 2,Jacksonport, February 7, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Missouri Troops, Springfield:

DEAR GENERAL: I am sorry that I am compelled to postpone my visit to your headquarters. I learn this morning that the enemy have

