
taken possession of Greenville in such close proximity to my depot and base of operations that I must stay here to look to it. It is said that a regiment of infantry, three companies of cavalry, and a section of artillery are there as an advance to other troops moving down from Fredericktown, and that it is the intention to fortify at that point. I must not let them make a lodgment so near to me. I have ordered back Colonel McCarver's Arkansas regiment to Pitman's Ferry; have ordered down Colonel M. C. Mitchell's regiment from the neighborhood of Yellville, Colonel Le Moyne's regiment from Little Rock, and will hatter together such troops as I can in this vicinity to oppose this attempt of the enemy to seize so desirable a position.

I shall order General Pike to take position in Lawrence County near you, say Mount Vernon, with instructions to co-operate with you in any emergency. He has, as he told me, about 8,000 or 9,000 men and three of artillery. Three of his regiments are, I believe, whites. The others half-breed Indians, &amp;c. All true men, he says.

I will try to raise an army here (Jacksonport). McCulloch and McIntosh I will move to Pitman's Ferry and Poplar Bluff. I hope you will be enabled to increase your command to 13,000 or 15,000 men by the 20th of March, when I desire to open the campaign, and earnestly hope that I can. I have called on Arkansas for 10,000 men, say I get 5,000. I have called on Louisiana for several regiments, say I get three (2,500.) I have called on Texas; several fine regiments there already organized, armed, equipped, and disciplined. One on Red River of 1,100 men en route to join me; say from Texas 2,000 men by the 20th. McCulloch's will have 10,000. This will give me here 5,000+2,500+2,000+10,000=19,500. Artillery added, say 20,000. You will have, I hope, 15,000; Pike, 10,000. With these, can we not hope to take Saint Louis by rapid marches and assault? But we will speak further of this when I have the opportunity to visit you.

So many mistakes have occurred during this war by the similarity of flags that I have had a battle-flag made, one of which I send you for our army. Please have one made for each regiment of your army, to be carried in battle.

Hoping soon to have an opportunity to see you, I am, general, very sincerely and respectfully, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. TRANS-MISS. DISTRICT, DEPT. Numbers 2,Jacksonport, Ark., February 7, 1862.

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Bowling Green, Ky.:

SIR: I learned this morning by scouts that a column of the enemy, consisting of one regiment of infantry, three companies of cavalry, and a section of artillery, had reached Greenville, and advanced guard of other troops marching from Fredericktown. This point is so near my depot and proposed base of operations that I have thought in necessary to turn back Colonel McCarver's battalion of six companies here en route for Memphis. The depot was too imminently threatened to be left unguarded. I trust, therefore, that General Johnston will approve of my act and allow this battalion to remain here. I had no other troops immediately available. I have ordered General McCulloch

