
around you are rich in everything in the way of provisions needed by an army. Let me know as soon as possible what you will require. I have a depot at Jacksonport, and can, I hope, supply you with many things you may want. Please keep me advised of your movements and intentions, as well as of the movements and strength of the enemy, so far as you are able to learn them.

I have ordered a line of expressmen from Memphis to Springfield. By it regular communications may be made twice a week. Send special couriers with important matter.

Excuse the hurries style of this letter, general, and believe me, very truly and respectfully, your obedient servant,

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, McCULLOCH'S DIV. C. S. A.,Fayetteville, Ark., February 15, 1862.

General STERLING PRICE,

Commanding Mo. S. G., Springfield, Mo.:

GENERAL: I have delayed answering your last communication and have detained your messenger for the reason that I rested under orders from headquarters of division not to make a movement without orders.

General Van Dorn has assumed command, and has gone to Pocahontas as his headquarters, and he has probably met you at Springfield by this time. It is by his orders that I have to await orders. I am, of course, making all efforts to place my troops in complete readiness, but I am in want of small-arms. I get more men than I can arm, and if you have any to spare I would like to have some 500 or 600, if convenient to you.

Rumors have reached me that you are falling back from Springfield. I place no reliance in the rumor, because I think that you would have advised me of the movement.

I remain, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LOUIS HEBERT,

Colonel Third Regiment La. Vols., Commanding Second Brigade.

FAYETTEVILLE, ARK., February 16, 1862-8 a. m.

General BEN. McCULLOCH, Fort Smith, Ark.:

GENERAL: I have just now sent a messenger to you with a communication from General Price, stating that he had been fighting for two days without sleep or eating, and though the enemy was between 17,000 and 20,000 strong he expected to ship them; and if Colonel Hebert's command would reach him in time he would take everything from the enemy.

The colonel has left this morning, and ordered all of his forces out to concentrate on the Telegraph road, some 10 miles on the other side of Cross Hollow.

Respectfully,

J. A. LANDRY,

Aide to Colonel Hebert, Commanding Second Brigade.

