
river and one a little in advance of the others; the cremaillere lines on the right and rear of Island Numbers 10 must be provided with small redans for a few siege guns. The navigation of Black Bayou must be obstructed so as to prevent the enemy's barges from getting into Reelfoot Lake, the shores of which, between the two cremaillere lines, must be well guarded, and, if needs be, properly defended.

The island opposite Tiptonville must be examined to determine if it can be advantageously fortified. I would advise the garrison of Fort Madrid or Island Numbers 10. All the heavy ordnance not required at these two points should be sent, when removed from Columbus, to Fort Pillow or to any other point on the river-above and not too far from Memphis-which could be held by a small garrison.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, C. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MO. S. G., Numbers 47. Camp on Cover Creek, Ark., February 23, 1862.

Brigadier General D. M. Frost is assigned to duty as the commander of the Seventh Division, in place of Brigadier General J. H. McBride, resigned. He will remain in command of the division until it contains twenty companies, when an election of a brigadier-general will be ordered. General Frost will also have the command of the Third Brigade of Missouri Volunteers.

By order of Major General S. Price:

WM. H. BRAND,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

*JACKSONPORT, February 24, 1862,

(Received Murfreesborough, February 27, 1862.)

Colonel W. W. MACKALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Price and McCulloch are concentrated at Cross Hollow, 12 miles from enemy's advance, on Sugar Creek, near Missouri line. Whole force of enemy from 35,000 to 40,000; ours about 20,000. Should Pike be able to join, our forces will be about 26,000.

I leave this evening to go to the army, and will give battle; of course, if it does not take place before I arrive. I have no doubt of the result. If I succeed I shall push on.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,

Jacksonport, Ark., February 24, 1862.

In consequence of the recent movements of the enemy it is recommended that the troops called out by the proclamation of the Governor of the State of Arkansas should rendezvous as follows:

Those organized in the counties south of Arkansas River and east

---------------

*Copy sent to Adjutant and Inspector General C. S. Army.

---------------

