
of the Fulton and Little Rock Road, to repair to Little Rock; those from the counties north of Arkansas River to repair to Little Rock, Jacksonport, and Pocahontas, as circumstances may indicate to be best; while all who are within reach of the army in the field should rally to its standard. Companies should move to the rendezvous as soon as organized, either singly or in battalions, each company being provided as soon as possible with two baggage wagons and provisions for at least ten days. The senior officer of the Confederate service on the organizing of the troops. Every man should come well supplied with arms, and with ammunition, if possible; and the utmost energy is expected from all in this great emergency.

The enemy has invaded your State. His army is powerful, disciplined, flushed with success, and he comes with hatred in his heart. He seeks to subjugate your soil, to desolate your homes, and to we rest from you and degrade all you hold dearest in life.

You must arm, organize, and rush to meet him. All who claim manhood should now attack this insolent invader or forever renounce the respect of men and the love of women.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MO. S. G.,Camp on Cove Creek, Ark., February 25, 1862.

His Excellency C. F. JACKSON,

Governor of Missouri:

SIR: I have the honor to lay before you an account of the circumstances surrounding my command within the last two weeks, compelling me to evacuate Springfield and retreat beyond the State line into the territory of Arkansas, the intelligence of which has no doubt reached you.

About the latter part of December I left my camp on Sac River, Saint Clair County, fell back, and took up my quarters at Springfield, for the purpose of being within reach of supplies, protecting that portion of our State from both Home Guard depredations and Federal invasion, as well as to secure a most valuable point for military movement. At Springfield I receive from Grand Glaze considerable supplies of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and having built huts, our soldiers were as comfortable as circumstances would permit. I am pleased to say few complaints were either made or heard. Missouri having been admitted as an equal member of the Confederate States, and having my command much augmented by recruits, I was enabled to raise and equip about 4,000 men for the Confederate service. A brigade fo these, consisting of two regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and two light batteries of artillery, have been tendered the Confederate Government.

About the latter part of January my scouts reported that the enemy were concentrating in force at Rolla, and shortly thereafter they occupied Lebanon. Believing that this movement could be for no other purpose than to attack me, and knowing that my command was inadequate for such successful resistance as the interest of my army and the cause demanded, I appealed to the commanders of the Confederate

