
know it as soon as the Legislature of Missouri adjourns. The Legislature is to meet here on Monday if we are not driven away before then. The greater portion of my district is in your division, and I will report to you as soon as I cross the plank road.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

[Brigadier-General.]
HEADQUARTERS,New Madrid, Mo., February 27, 1862.

Major-General POLK, Columbus, Ky.:

DEAR SIR: My scouts, just in half hour by sun this evening, report the enemy advancing from Benton. They have ten pieces of artillery, one-half dozen 6-pounder guns, two mortars, and two 12-pounder guns. Enemy still coming in to Benton. They have 1,000 cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. GANTT,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

If my scouts are not unnecessarily excited, their advances is beyond question. I have great confidence in the men sent.
HEADQUARTERS,New Madrid, Mo., February 27, 1862.

Brigadier-General POLK, Columbus:

DEAR GENERAL: At the date of this note the enemy are posted as follows: At Benton, five Indiana regiments, four pieces of artillery, and two companies of cavalry; at Commerce, 12,000 troops, with artillery and transportation. I am further informed that 5,000 more will be landed at Commerce to-day. Those at Benton await the arrival of the troops at Commerce, when they are to march against his place. Such is to-day their determination. Events transpiring may change their programme. We are safe here beyond a doubt. while Island Numbers 10 holds back their gunboats this place is secure. Our troops are in fine spirits and will make a splendid defense. Also General McCown, with a portion of his division. General Thompson, with 100 men, left to-day for Sikeston. You shall be promptly advised of things here.

Your obedient servant,

E. W. GANTT,

Colonel, Commanding.

ISLAND 10, February 27, 1862-9 o'clock.

General LEONIDAS POLK,

Commanding, Columbus, Ky.:

GENERAL: I have guns, but no gunners. The men of my division on detail (ordnance, &amp;c.) please send down, as I need them. I need commanders. Colonel Gantt, now in command at New Madrid, is a god commander. Colonel Marsh [L. M.] Walker, a graduate of West

