
forces of Generals Price and McCulloch in the direction of Fayetteville. He wishes you, therefore, to press on with your whole force along the Cane Hill road, so as to fall in rear of our army.

You will please, during your march, keep out your scouts, especially toward your left. Your troops will march light and be ready for immediate action. Your baggage train will follow your column slowly, making marches of not m ore than 5 or 6 miles per day. Should you have passed Evansville before this dispatch reaches you, please change direction at once and get into the Cane Hill road. It is expected that you will make such efforts as will insure your being in position, and send two couriers per day to keep the general commanding informed of your position and progress.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

D. H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Boston Mountains, Ark., March 3, 1862.

Brigadier General ALBERT PIKE,

Commanding Indian Brigade:

GENERAL: This morning I sent you instructions concerning the movement of your brigade.

The general commanding desires that you will hasten up with all possible dispatch and in person direct the march of your command, including Stand Watie's, McIntosh's, and Drew's regiments.

The route indicated this morning in the order to you and to those colonels is such that they may not reach their position by the time desired. I am therefore directed to modify those orders, so that your command will be near Elm Springs (marching by the shortest route) day after to-morrow afternoon.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

D. H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Boston Mountains, March 3, 1862.

Colonels DREW, McINTOSH, AND STAND WATIE:

COLONELS: Major-General Van Dorn, commanding the Confederate forces in this vicinity, directs me to inform you that you will move along the road from Evansville to Fayetteville, so as to be within 5 or 6 miles of Fayetteville to-morrow evening and in rear of our army, which will move from here in the morning.

You will during your march keep out scouts toward your left especially, and you will report at once to Brigadier-General McIntosh, C. S. Army, your progress and your position. You will march light, ready for immediate action, and you will leave your heavy baggage to follow you slowly.

You will, if possible, procure corn on the road or have it hauled to your halting place (after you) to-morrow night.

Send a special courier at once to report to General Van Dorn at Gen-

