
until 4 o'clock, after which slow cannonading was heard till dark and a few reportss after dark.

I inclose a dispatch* received by a messenger from Island 10 at 10.40 p. m., and reports having heard cannon and musketry at New Madrid all day.

I send this by Captain Tobin.

With the highest respect, your obedient servant,

ED. PICKETT, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Madrid Bend, March 7, 1862-10 p. m.,

(Received at Union City, March 8-6 p. m.)

Major-General POLK, Commanding:

Houses burned and torn down, as occasion required. Captain Hallum, Fifth Regiment, wounded yesterday; also 3 men on the Polk and 1 scout. A lively skirmish yesterday evening.

A heavy demonstration this afternoon on New Madrid. Were driven back by Captain Bankhead's guns and the gunboats.

The enemy has established a battery at Point Pleasant of small rifled guns. The river would be closed if New Madrid was abandoned. A large force would be required to hold Island 10 if New Madrid was in the hands of the enemy. It is necessary to hold the place until forces are thrown here to defeat the enemy. The quicker the better. I see no other course to pursue. If I had 20,000 more men such would be my course.

McCOWN.

N. B.-Shall I look for re-enforcements? I want as commanders Trudeau, Marsh Walker, and Gantt. It is important.

CLARKSVILLE, March 7, 1862.

To General VAN DORN:

I am requested by telegraph from General Beauregard to write you to join your forces with his on Mississippi River if possible.

ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor of Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS,Madrid Bend, March 8, 1862-10 p. m.

Major-General POLK:

GENERAL: Your telegram of 5th and 7th noted. Every effort is being made to redeem the Battery Numbers 1, Ordnance was sent here from Columbus in such confusion that I don't know what I can spare. I shall exercise my best judgment in all matters. "Peremptory" orders to save a battery from overflow might require all my force for weeks. The enemy is erecting a battery at Point Pleasant. A gunboat went down to shell them out. I have not heard the result. I have not yet placed the salient in advance of the works at New Madrid. The posi-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

