
MADRID BEND, March 12, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Adjutant-General, Jackson, Tenn.:

COLONEL: I received your of March 10. As soon as I can determine the guns required here I shall forward the remainder to Fort Pillow. As soon as a gunboat opens fire upon the enemy they disappear, but return as soon as the boat leaves. They are fortifying Point Pleasant. I have placed two 24-pounder siege guns and a company of cavalry opposite that point.

The river is now falling. I am making every effort to save battery Numbers 1. I have not constructed any works in front of my works at New Madrid as yet. The reasons that have influenced me in not advancing my works are that a gunboat in the mouth of the bayou and one below the works covers all the ground-cross-fire in front of the works. The salient proposed to be erected in advance of the two works would interfere with this fire. Also, the position the works would occupy is also under the fire of the boats. Another reason, it would require more troops to occupy it. I now have fire regiments at the two works in transports there all the time. If they assault the works, I believe they will be repulsed with loss with the co-operation of Commodore Hollins. Here I desire to say that Commodore Hollins, as well as all his command, have given me the most hearty support in everything. I feel confident of defeating the enemy's gunboats if they stop to fight; if they run past, I shall endeavor to pass them in a crippled state to Commodore Hollins.

The enemy are still receiving re-enforcements, and will be able to bring 24-pounders from Sikeston.

Assure the general that I shall do all in my power to hold the enemy in check, but shall risk nothing on rash enterprises.

Yours, sincerely,

J. P. McCOWN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, TENN., March 12, 1862.

Flag-Officer HOLLINS,

New Madrid (via Union City), Tenn.:

General Lovell wishes services of Manassas ram at mouth of river. Can you not send it without prejudice to our defenses?

Thanks for efficient [aid] before New Madrid.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Van Buren, March 12, 1862.

Colonel B. W. STONE, Commanding, Lee's Creek:

COLONEL: The general commanding desires you to send all of your force, except your regiment, and a section of artillery to join the army at its encampment on the Frog Bayou road, about 7 miles from this town.

He desires you to keep pickets on all avenues leading in this direction, and also to keep scouting parties constantly out in the direction

