
of the enemy at such distance as will insure a good knowledge of his movements and timely of his approach.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Madrid Bend, March 13, 1862-9.10 a. m.

GENERAL: Brigadier-General McCown left this place for New Madrid at 12 m. last night. This morning at daylight the fight commenced in earnest. A courier has just arrived by land from opposite Madrid, who confirms that the enemy are attacking our works with infantry and artillery. The firing is very rapid and distinct, and is plainly heard from this point. There has been two distinct attacks, lasting about an hour each, with half hour cessation intervening. A third attack is now being made, as the roar of artillery plainly indicates. Of course I may be mistaken as to the amount of infantry engaged, but the ball has opened and General McCown will give them a splendid fight.

I have the honor to be, general, most respectfully,

H. S. BRADFORD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MADRID BEND, March 13, 1862-4 p. m.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Commodore Hollins says that he cannot dispense with the Manassas. Let General Lovell know it. Batteries were planted last night and opened at daylight against the lower fort. Dr. W. S. Bell, medical division, both legs shot off. One man killed and one wounded when I left, as far as I know.

I think the object is to cut regular approaches.

J. P. McCOWN,

Brigadier-General.

HUMBOLDT, March 13, 1862.

General McCOWN, Madrid Bend:

Russell's brigade, composed of Russel's, Vaughan's, and Freeman's regiments, will move at once, via Memphis, to Tiptonville, to your support. I am instructed to say that these are all the re-enforcements he can afford to send you, and trust they may prove, under the direction of your skill and judgment, adequate to your wants. I sent you First Alabama Regiment two days ago; they are Bragg's best artillerists. I send you the Gordon Grant tug-boat, to act as scout boat from Tiptonville or New Madrid down the river. Captain Champneys informs me he sent five 32-pounder carriages from Memphis up to you. He has ordered other supplies, such as your directed. He goes this evening back to Memphis to take them immediately up if they have not been sent. I send you a first-rate man for post commissary at Madrid Bend, who, together with Meriwether, should keep you well supplies. Tidmarsh I think the best man there is in the ordnance department; give him charge of all the heavy guns. Allison will look after the

