
JACKSONPORT, March 14, 1862-10 p. m.

(Received Clarksville, March 17, 1862.)

General VAN DORN:

I have just received dispatch from Colonel McCarver, stating that he had received reliable information that the enemy, between 6,000 and 7,000, left Greenville, Mo., to attack Pocahontas. They have two batteries of artillery and two regiments of cavalry. Should Colonel McCarver fall back, will dispute every foot of this river from this place.

W. L. CABELL.

RICHMOND, March 14, 1862.

Gov. H. M. RECTOR, Little Rock, Ark.:

The Secretary of War requests you will send the following to General Van Dorn, viz:

Cols. T. J. Churchill and Albert Rust have both been appointed brigadier-generals and ordered to report to General Van Dorn. They take rank in the order they are herein named, i. e., Churchill senior. Their appointments and orders sent by mail to-day.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., March 14, 1862.

Brigadier General ALBERT PIKE,

Commanding Dept. of Indian Territory, Fort Gibson, Ind. T.:

SIR: The money appropriated in December last by Congress for the Indian service and sent through you to the superintendent was accompanied by tabular statements and a letter of instruction from the Acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs as to the time and manner of its disbursement, &amp;c. As set forth in those documents, none of this money was to be paid out by him until the ratification on the part of the several tribes concerned in the treaties as amended by Congress except that appropriated to purchase uniforms, &c., for the Principal Chief of the Creeks and to meet certain current and contingent expenses of the superintendency and agencies and a sufficiency of both of the first items under the treaties made with the Reserve and Comanche Indians to compensate Charles B. Johnson, contractor, for finding them.

Two letters, bearing upon the points here suggested, from the superintendent to the Acting Commissioner of Indian Affairs, have been submitted to me for consideration. Inclosed you will find copies of the same,* to which it is proper your attention should be directed, and in relation to which you will please to this Department.

Truly, and respectfully,

J. P. BENJAMIN,

Secretary of War.

MADRID BEND, March 14, 1862.

General LEONIDAS POLK:

The First Alabama Regiment is here, with mumps and measles. New Madrid was abandoned last night, the execution of which was not satis-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

