
You will also leave a light battery or six guns. It is suggested that one of the infantry regiments shall be stationed on Island Numbers 10; the other on the main-land. Two of the light guns also to be with the troops on the island. General Trudeau will remain with General Walker in charge of the batteries as chief of artillerists, and from his past distinguished services and skill the general confidently expects the guns will be served with all possible efficiency and honor to the country.

The remainder of your command you will withdraw to Fort Pillow with [all] possible celerity by water from Tiptonville, where ample transportation will be sent you. Should an unfortunate casualty, however, leave you unprovided with sufficient transports for all your troops at once, you will send as many as practicable to Fort Pillow, with orders that the transports shall return for the remainder with least possible delay, leaving sixty day's provisions for the garrison, and an ample supply of ammunition for a prolonged, desperate defense, including about 300 rounds of small-arms ammunition for each infantry soldier. You will reserve the remainder of your supplies, if practicable; otherwise destroy what cannot be removed in the most effectual way practicable. Transports at all time will be left at Tiptonville for the removal of the garrison just prescribed should General Walker, or officer in command, at any subsequent time determine further defense of this position fruitless, or without possible beneficial issue. Should this final evacuation become plainly proper and necessary, before the troops retire, all the guns must be bursted or thrown into the river, if practicable; if not, they must be spiked. Should it be deemed of service, you are authorized to leave with General Walker one company of cavalry; the other companies, including the squadron of Logwood's battalion, will be sent to Fort Pillow.

A copy of this letter will be left with General Walker. Captain Harris will be sent to Fort --- forthwith, and if you deem the services of the o ther engineers not required, you will detach them also.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HUMBOLDT, March (15?), 1862.

General McCOWN, Madrid Bend:

You will send all the transports you have at the island that you do not actually need down below to Tiptonville. You will also direct Allison, ordnance officer, to ship in one of these boats down to Memphis all saddlery, harness, cartridge-boxes, and other ordnance stores that you do not actually need. You will also send all the extra light field guns and the extra field-gun carriages, balls, and other ammunition, all extra quartermaster stores, such as blacksmith's and carpenters' tools, and in short everything not necessary for the defense of your position. You will also organize from among the citizens of Madrid Bend a party of scouts, to scout up and down below Tiptonville on the river and to arrest all suspicious persons.

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding.

JACKSON, March 15, 1862.

General McCOWN, Care Colonel Pickett:

Send down immediately to Fort Pillow all the negro force not required by you, with all the extra tools, and also Captain Harris, of Engineers.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

JACKSONPORT, March 15, 1862.

General VAN DORN:

The enemy under General Steele is advancing on Pocahontas with a force variously estimated from 5,000 to 12,000. I shall send all the

