
troops I have here to re-enforce Colonel McCarver. I have called on the people on this river to rally to this place. The steamers are now all up. Should the enemy take Pocahontas I shall clear the river of boats of every kind and make a stand at very point. The hight water has retarded the enemy's march. I wrote to Colonel McCarver to get General Jeff. Thompson to unite with him if possible. I have had all the stores brought away from Pocahontas and will protect them. General Rust telegraphed me to send all the Arkansas troops that were armed to Clarksville. I could not do it. I have but four companies here, and Locke's regiment, who were taken with the measles at the rate of thirty a day. The steamers are all so high that his regiment would be of no service up there. I shall keep them here. Will telegraph again soon.

W. L. CABELL.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Van Buren, Ark., March 15, 1862.

Colonel GREER,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, McCulloch's Division:

COLONEL: The general commanding requests me to direct you to relieve Colonel Stone's regiment at Oliver's Store, on Lee's Creek, at the foot of Boston Mountains, with that regiment under your command which is at present in the best condition as regards number of men, condition of horses, &amp;c.

You will cause Major Crump's and Major Brooks' battalions to remove at once to the camp of the army on Frog Bayou.

You will please to keep the pickets on all avenues leading in this direction, and also keep scouting parties constantly out in the direction of the enemy at such distance as will insure a good knowledge of his movements and timely warning of this approach.

The officer whom you may select for this post should distinctly understand that he will be held responsible for the holding of his position, where he will have at command a section of artillery in addition to his own regiment; and it will be his duty to send out the pickets and scouts as above directed.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

D. H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-general.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MO. S. GUARD, Numbers 74. Camp near Van Buren, Ark., March 15, 1862.

I. All telegraph wires beyond Lee's Creek will be taken down at once, and the telegraph wires from Van Buren to Clarksville will be completed as soon as possible.

II. This army will encamped on the Fog Bayou road to Van Buren. All wagon trains belonging to it will report at the encampment as soon as possible. Ammunition for the command will be sent to the encampment as soon as possible, under charge of commissioned officers. The quartermaster department will at once have sufficient transportation organized for hauling provisions and forage, &c., for the army.

III. General Green and Colonel Stone, with their commands, will take position on the Telegraph road to Lee's Creek. They will permit

