
no stragglers from the army, but will send all such to report to their respective commanders at the camp of the army on the Frog Bayou road.

IV. Major Savery, Mo. S. G., is appointed provost-marshal of this army. He will make his station at Van Buren, and will at once proceed to organize a proper provost guard, making application to these headquarters for such details of officers and men as he may require.

Commanders of divisions and brigades will comply with the above order issued from General headquarters.

By order of Major-General Price:

WM. H. BRAND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

VAN BUREN, ARK., March 16 1862.

General BEAUREGARD,

Care of Gov. Isham G. Harris, Memphis:

I will unite all of my troops at Pocahontas as soon as possible. I will probably have about 20,000 men there about the 7th of April; maybe more.

Your letter did not reach me until a few days since, on my return from the battle-field at Elkhorn. It is said that the enemy in Arkansas have fallen back toward Springfield. I will communicate with you often. I will start in a day or two for Pocahontas.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Madrid Bend, March 16, 1862-10.30 a. m.

General LEONIDAS POLK:

GENERAL: Captain Cummings established a signal station at Battery Numbers 1 last night. He unfortunately used a white flag. I soon discovered it and ordered the battle-flag substituted. Captain Rucker, who commands Battery Numbers 1, allowed a tug with a white flag to go near his battery. The overflow prevented my communicating promptly with Captain Rucker. General Trudeau went to the boat and explained their mistake; informed the enemy that we did not wish to communicate with them. Captain Rucker told the officer that he, on the contrary, was ready for action. I regret the affair.

J. P. McCOWN,

Brigadier-General.

2 p. m.-Shelling us. No damage done. We have not replied to boats.

J. P. McC.,

Brigadier-General.

MADRID BEND,

March 16, 1862-9 p. m. (Received March 17.)

Major-General POLK:

The mortar boats have been shelling us all day. They opened some

