
Pleasant in their hands, except to make a landing for offensive action. I could not do that with my force. Excuse haste.

Yours, sincerely,

J. P. McCOWN.

Loss at New Madrid: Dr. Bell, Lieutenant Robinson, artillery, killed; Captain Hallum wounded, neck (dead, I hear), and 8 men.

JACKSON, March 17, 1862.

Major General LEONIDAS POLK:

What does McCown mean by his doubts? Would it not be well to leave to his judgement when to execute the movement decided upon? Have you given orders to provision Fort Pillow for two or three months for 5,000 men?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

JACKSON, TENN., March 17, 1862.

General POLK:

I have sent the following to General McCown:

In face of exigencies you must exercise your own judgment as to reduction of force hitherto directed, but cannot understand why you should tremble for result. What obstacles intervene to withdrawal as instructed?

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

HUMBOLDT, March 17, 1862.

General McCOWN, Madrid Bend:

Your dispatch of 16th, in which you say you tremble for the result of attempting to execute General Beauregard's orders for retiring of certain troops from Madrid Bend, is received. On consulting with the general it is agreed that it shall be left to your judgment as to when to execute the movement. I have heard from Hickman that the firing commenced this morning at 11 o'clock and had nearly ceased at 2 p. m. Do not think you have much to apprehend from the mortars. The affair of the white flag was a blunder, but I would not mind it.

Congratulate you on your appointment as major-general.

L. POLK.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Van Buren, March 17, 1862.

General COOPER,

Adjutant-General C. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to request that the President will be pleased to confer the rank of colonel and lieutenant-colonel in the Provisional Army of the Confederate States upon each of the following-named officers: Captain W. R. Bradfute, colonel; Captain W. N. R. Beall, colonel; Captain Philip Stockton, colonel; Lieutenant L. L. Lomax, lieuten-

