
there until the field officers belonging to that station can rejoin it. Please use every effort to procure accurate intelligence of the position and movements of the enemy and to communicate promptly with this office respecting them. Colonel Greer will furnish you with an escort and the quartermaster with transportation and anything else you require for the proper execution of these orders.

I am, major, very respectfully, yours,

D. H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Organization of the First Division, Army of the West, Major General Sterling Price commanding, March 17, 1862.*

First Brigade.

Colonel HENRY LITTLE.

17th Arkansas, Colonel Rector.

21st Arkansas, Colonel McRae.

1st Missouri.

2nd Missouri.

3rd Missouri.

Gates' cavalry.

Wade's battery.

Second Brigade.

Colonel LOUIS HEBERT.

4th Arkansas, Colonel McNair.

14th Arkansas, Colonel Mitchell.

16th Arkansas, Colonel Hill.

3rd Louisiana.

Whitfield's cavalry.

MacDonald's battery.

Third Brigade.

Brigadier General A. E. STEEN.

Missouri Infantry.+

Brooks' cavalry.

Clark's battery.

Fourth Brigade.

Brigadier General MARTIN E. GREEN.

Missouri Infantry.+

McCulloch's cavalry.

Lucas' battery.

Cavalry Brigade.

Colonel E. GREER.

Crump's cavalry.

Greer's (3rd Texas) cavalry.

McIntosh's cavalry.

Artillery Brigade.

Brigadier General D. M. FROST.

Bledsoe's battery, 4 guns.

Gaines' battery.

Good's battery, 6 guns.

Gorham's battery, 4 guns, iron.

Guibor's battery, 6 guns.

Hart's battery, 4 guns.

Kelly's battery, 5 guns, iron.

Kneisby's battery, 5 guns, iron.

Landis'' battery, 4 howitzers.

Provence's battery, 6 guns.

Teel's battery, 4 guns.

Champion's cavalry.

POCAHONTAS, ARK., March 17, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN, C. S. A., in Camp:

GENERAL: I would be pleased to receive from your orders or instructions in regard to the organization of volunteers to the Confederate service from my brigade of the Mo. S. G. We are now all in your division, and have now about 1,000 enlisted, embracing infantry, cavalry, and artillery. Although I have no legal command yet, these all recognized as their leader, and the majority of them are in active service, although many of the companies are not full and have had no election

---------------

*As announced in Special Orders, Numbers 24, of this date, from headquarters Trans Mississippi District.

---------------

+To be organized by General Price.

