
of officers. I have been allowing each of my old officers a fair opportunity to raise a company for himself, and therefore have quite a number of squads, which are doing effective service without any extra expense for officers, with the distinct understanding that they shall be consolidated to elect officers when I see proper. If there is to be any formal turning over to the Confederacy of these troops, I am anxious to know when and how.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Mo. S. G.

JACKSON, TENN., March 18, 1862.

Major-General POLK:

The following dispatch has been sent General McCown:

The general approves your dispositions for defense of Madrid Bend and Island 10, but wishes you to resume the command there as a major-general's command. It is said [some] of your transports were left at Madrid Bend; if so, how many? They must never fall in enemy's hands. Some of them might be sunk to obstruct channe near Missouri shore.

THOMAS JORDAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, March 18, 1862.

General McCOWN, Commanding Island 10:

If driven from your post, guns will be spiked; also a shot driven in each; load and wedge shell, fuze down, so guns will burst. Even if Federal gunboats pass your batteries, transports cannot so long as batteries are held and bravely worked, nor can enemy's army cross river. But few could be crossed by gunboats. These can be easily repulsed by resolute attacks. Post must be held if possible. Fe men to do it.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

UNION CITY,

March 18, 1862-5.40 p. m.

Major-General POLK:

Captain Elliott, of Thirty-first Tennessee Volunteers, left Tiptonville at 8.30 a. m. General McCown, with eight regiments, left Tiptonville last night on eight transports; three transports there loading with artillery and ammunition, and are to leave to-night.

Last night the enemy planted a battery opposite Tiptonville. Our gunboats silenced it this morning. Blake reports, 5 p. m., from a very good source, that Northern cavalry will occupy Hickman to-morrow.

One gun bursted yesterday on a Yankee gunboat; killed 6 wounded 12.

ED. PICKETT, JR.,

Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Van Buren, Ark., March 18, 1862.

General A. SIDNEY JOHNSTON:*

SIR: I have the pleasure to inform you that the entire army I

---------------

*Similar letter of same date to Secretary of War.

---------------

