
MARCH 19, 1862.

Colonel ED. PICKETT, Jr.:

Commenced shelling the various batteries about 2 o'clock. The enemy are 10 miles below Riddle's Point, on Missouri shore. A battery below Point Pleasant. Our gunboats have gone below. Communication cut off to Tiptonville from below. The enemy's gunboats keep out of range. My force is small to defend such an extended line on the lower bend; it shall be done if possible. Our gun Belmont burst to-day; nobody hurt; it was on the island. General Trudeau seems to be a favorite with the artillerymen. It would in that case be unfortunate for him to leave. He has concluded to remain till I can hear from Jackson. His objection to remaining is that he is not in the Confederate Jackson. His objection to remaining is that he is not in the Confederate Army. If he is to go I would like to have the aid of an experienced artillerist.

L. M. WALKER.

RICHMOND, VA., [March] 19, 1862.

General EARL VAN DORN:

All the troops called by the Department from Arkansas and Texas and those called by Hebert from the coast are ordered to you. None other.

R. E. LEE,

General.

JACKSON, TENN., March 19, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN:

Too late for movement on New Madrid, which is in possession of enemy, but if at any time you can join your forces with mine it will be best to do so.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Van Buren, March 19, 1862.

Colonel T. J. CHURCHILL,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

COLONEL: The general commanding desires that you will proceed with your brigade and Gages' battalion of cavalry as rapidly as possible to Forsyth, on White River. You will march without tents and with only sufficient wagons to carry the rations of your men. you will leave your wagons at Forsyth, march upon Springfield by a forced march, and endeavor to capture and destroy the stores of the enemy at that place.

Should you not be able to accomplish the seizure of Springfield, you will nevertheless endeavor to destroy the trains of the enemy north or south of that point.

After accomplishing all that you can against the enemy in that vicinity you will rejoin your wagons and proceed by the quickest and best route to Pocahontas.

The quartermaster and subsistence department will furnish such funds as you may require of them for purchase of your supplies of forage, subsistence, stores, &amp;c., and such other supplies.

