
you should know this. If they go into the lake, and you manage the matter with your usual energy, they may be caught in their own trap.

L. POLK,

Major-General, Commanding First Grand Division.
HEADQUARTERS,Madrid Bend, March 20, [1862]-5.15 p. m .

Colonel ED. PICKETT, Jr.:

Firing not so brisk to-day. Has ceased. I am almost entirely satisfied the enemy has received infantry re-enforcements from above. Our gunboats are of no service to us; they are 6 miles below Tiptonville, with the transports and wharf-boats. The provisions for this garrison are with them, but there are some to be obtained in this bend. I would like to have some more ammunition for rifled cannon. No means of communicating with our gunboats by land or water. The enemy are moving down continually below Point Pleasant. I expect to hear of them at Gayoso next.

L. M. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S.-I suppose these telegrams go through from you. I would like you to ascertain, if possible, if one of the enemy's gunboats sank below Hickman. It is so reported. She left here crippled by Rucker's battery. Said battery is much in water and river rising. The relief wade waist deep to get to it.

Yours, &amp;c.,

WALKER.
HEADQUARTERS,Madrid Bend, March 21, 1862-6 a. m.

Colonel ED. PICKETT, Jr.:

No firing last night. Gunboats in same position this morning. I want the general to understand that, our gunboats having taken position down the river not accessible to me, this bend is entirely cut off, and that I will defend it until the general orders otherwise. The general will have to open the way. He must not expect any of the command to be saved.

L. M. WALKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Give my anything from Hickman that you can get. I hear they are landing troops 6 miles above this on Kentucky side.

JACKSON, March 21, 1862.

General McCOWN:

Even should enemy effect crossing (scarcely probable), you can still defend position of batteries for many days with proper detached field works in their rear.

The country looks to you for a determined defense of your position. Meanwhile Fort Pillow will be made ready. Glean the country for provisions. Husband ammunition.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

