
therefore, will devolve the necessity of impeding his advance into this region. It is not expected that you will give battle to a large force, but by felling trees, burning bridges, removing supplies of forage and subsistence, attacking his trains, stampeding his animals, cutting off his detachments, and other similar means, you will be able materially to harass his army and protect this region of country. You must endeavor by every means to maintain yourself in the Territory independent of this army. In case only of absolute necessity you may move southward. If the enemy threatens to march through the Indian Territory or descend the Arkansas River you may call on troops from Southwestern Arkansas and Texas to rally to your aid. You may reward your Indian troops by giving them such stores as you may think proper when they make captures from the enemy, but you will please endeavor to restrain them from committing any barbarities upon the wounded, prisoners, or dead who may fall into their hands. You may purchase your supplies of subsistence from wherever you can most advantageously do so. You will draw your ammunition from Little Rock or from New Orleans via Red River. Please communicate with the general commanding when practicable.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Van Buren, Ark., March 21, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

I march my First Brigade toward Jacksonport, Ark., to-morrow. All the troops here will march in a few days to the same point. I will probably have on White River by the 10th or 12th of April 20,000 men or more and about seventy pieces of artillery. It was my intention to attack the forces near New Madrid and Point Pleasant from the north, by Greenville. What do you now advise? There is an army of about 20,000 men of the enemy's north of this, in Arkansas, but they cannot be subsisted long, nor do I think they can do much harm in the west. We cannot subsist here. I think it is more important to save the Mississippi River.

Answer me at once, please. I start for Little Rock the day after to-morrow.

[EARL VAN DORN.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,

Numbers 9. Van Buren, Ark., March 21, 1862.

* * * * * * *

II. All persons connected with the military service of the Confederate States in this district are forbidden to publish, or to cause or permit to be published, any statements respecting operations or movements of troops, whether past or proposed. All telegraphic operators are cautioned against transmitting dispatches respecting the military movements and events of the district which do not come from authorized sources and are not sent as official communications. And all editors of newspapers are earnestly and respectfully requested to exercise care-

