
ful scrutiny over their publications, that nothing may be published which can convey aid or comfort to our enemies, or suggest to them the position, condition, or designs of our armies.

III. The burning of mills, workshops, barracks, store-houses, stables, or any other buildings in regions of country which it may become necessary for our troops to retire from temporarily is forbidden.

The attention of all commanders is called to the orders prohibiting the troops from depredating in any manner upon the property of the citizens in whose vicinity they march or encamp. Any officer or soldier who may injure or take fencing, stock, poultry, forage, or any other property, without proper authority and right, will be at once taken in charge by the provost-marshal and dealt with according to his offense. Quartermasters and commissaries will be careful to pay fair prices or to give exact and proper receipts for forage and other supplies which it may become necessary to procure for the use of the army, and the proper disbursing officer w ill pay the money on these acknowledgments when presented for payment with as little delay and inconvenience to the holder as possible.

IV. The general commanding finds it necessary to remind the troops of the Articles of War respecting safeguards, which provides that any officer or soldier who disregards and violates a safeguard given by the proper authority for the protection of persons or property shall be tried by a court-martial, and if convicted shall suffer death.

V. Commanding officers will have read to the troops of their command the Rules and Articles of War at least once a month.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

D. H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JACKSON, March 22, 1862.

General McCOWN:

Van Dorn proposes to attack enemy in reverse at New Madrid. Be of good cheer and hold out.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

JACKSON, March 22, 1862.

General McCOWN, Madrid Bend:

You must be aware that you cannot at this moment be re-enforced. Your command forms the garrison of that key to Mississippi Valley. Country expects you to defend that post of honor to the last or until we can relieve you by a victory here, then to attack in force your adversary. Meanwhile Pillow is being put in fighting order for another stand, if need be. Send names of our boats above New Madrid. Use them if necessary to obstruct channels is front of Island 10.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Commanding.

JACKSON, TENN., March 22, 1862.

General WALKER, Madrid Bend:

Hereafter make all reports direct to these headquarters.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

