
JACKSON, March 22, 1862.

General WALKER, Madrid Bend,

Care Colonel Pickett, Union City, Tenn.:

It if reported enemy is attempting to float boats into the lake on your flank. Look out and meet the attempt. Use your field guns.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Van Buren, March 22, 1862.

Major General STERLING PRICE:

GENERAL: I have this evening on the steamboat Lelia for Little Rock and White River, for the purpose of organizing the new levies of troops now assembling there and to prepare for the reception of your command.

Special Orders, Numbers 28, makes provision for the march of your brigade from this point. Please direct your march, via Clarksville, Dover, and Springfield (Conway County), toward Batesville, on White River. Expressmen will meet you on this road with instructions which will control you in the further march of your column. The troops of the advance post in Boston Mountains, on Lee's Creek, should not, of course, be relieved until the last moment, and when relieved should march with Greer's cavalry as the rear guard of the army. It is of the greatest importance that the troops of your command should reach White River at the earliest possible date.

Please assume command this evening, and control matters in this vicinity preparatory to your march. Please also leave scouts when you march to watch the enemy and to report to you any movement the may make. If any important movement is made, please advise me of it by express to Jacksonport and by telegraph dispatch to Des Arc.

I have directed the staff officers here and at Fort Smith to take active, energetic measures for the removal of all public property to places safety. I hope this will be accomplished by the time that the last brigade of your division is ordered to march.

I understand that several cavalry regiments are now on the march from Texas to join this army. I have directed General Pike to assume command of two of them. The others I have directed to join the army via Little Rock, with the exception of all who may be within 50 miles of this place; they will join Greer's brigade at Ozark.

I hope, general, your will have a prosperous march, and that you will soon recover from your wounds.

Very respectfully and sincerely, general, I am, your friend and obedient servant,

[D. H. MAURY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV. ARMY OF THE WEST, Numbers 1. Camp Ben. McCulloch, Ark., March 22, 1862.

I. The undersigned assumes command of the First Division of the Army of the West, by order of Major General Earl Van Dorn, commanding the district.

