
II. The commanders of the brigades constituting this division will make immediate report to these headquarters of the strength and condition of their respective command.

III. The following officer are announced as staff officers at division headquarters:

Thos. L. Snead, acting assistant adjutant-general.

Major John Reid, commissary of subsistence.

Major James Harding, acting quartermaster.

Dr. William N. Snodgrass, acting medical director.

Henry M. Clark, acting medical inspector.

Robt. C. Woods, aide-de-camp.

Clay Taylor, aide-de-camp.

STERLING PRICE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Madrid Bend, March 23, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD:

GENERAL: I hope Van Dorn will act promptly. I am not desponding yet. I know my position. One gunboat has sunk on a bar just beyond range. They are either trying to raise her or removing the guns. Fire-rafts cannot be placed, as our batteries are under fire. When we reply it is slowly, waiting till they are where we want them.

Have sent to Pillow for 200 rifle shot.

J. P. McCOWN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,Madrid Bend, March 23, 1862-6 p. m.

General BEAUREGARD,

Commanding Army of the Mississippi.

GENERAL: My effort to ascertain the condition of the enemy above has resulted as follows, which I believe to great extent reliable, viz: Transports, 13; mortars, 12; gunboats, 7; tugs, 5; 12 additional gunboats looked for; 5,000 infantry on transports; 120 men on each gunboat; 7 empty coal-barges. On the morning of the 22nd instant 10,000 infantry landed at Hickman. One of their gunboats towed up beyond Hickman badly disabled. No danger I think on the think on the side of Reelfoot and still rising. Reported that the rivers above are rising.

No change in the conduct of their gunboats to-day. Shelling at intervals.

L. M. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Madrid Bend, March 23, 1862.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD, Jackson, Tenn.:

GENERAL: Firing has almost ceased this evening. Federal troops are moving down the river from New Madrid. Gunboats still go up to

