
Memorandum of batteries at Island Numbers 10, &amp;.-Continued.

ON THE ISLAND.

Batteries.	 Number of guns.	 Caliber.

Numbers 1, Belmont	 6 medium	 2 8-inch, 4

Battery...	 barrette...	 smooth-bore 32s.

Numbers 2.....	 4 3 barrette, 1	 3 smooth-bore

 center pintle...	 32s, 1 rifle 24.

Numbers 3.....	 5 .....	 2 rifles 24s, 1

 	 8-inch, 2

 	 smooth-bore 32s.

Numbers 4...	 2 siege	 2 8-inch

 carriages....	 howitzers.

Numbers 5....	 2 siege	 2 8-inch.

 carriages...

Total...	 19 guns.

NOTE.-The Belmont heavy rifle 32, while being fired at the enemy on the 21st instant, burst at the third force, injuring no one. An 8-inch columbiad was at once mounted in its place.

In the Redan Battery, Numbers 1, but three guns were used against the attack of the enemy's fleet and during the bombardment of Island Numbers 10. This battery, commanded by Captain Rucker, has six guns. The three smooth-bore 32s were not fired by only the three 8-inch columbiads. The three latter guns in the redan and one other similar in Battery Numbers 5 have been mounted and ready for action for some two months past. The four 8-inch columbiads are guns that I brought down from the naval floating battery and mounted them immediately. Thirty-five guns have been mounted on platforms and in batteries since the 1st of March by the Engineer Corps, including the sappers and miners. The naval floating battery was placed by us in position on the north side of the island and now mounts nine guns, making in all fifty-two guns in position at the present time.

I am, very respectfully,

A. B. GRAY,

Captain, C. S., Army Chief Engineer Island 10.

[MARCH 23, 1862.-For communications from Generals Johnston and Beauregard to General Dorn, see Series I, Vo;. X.]

MEMPHIS, TENN., March 24, 1862.

Major General EARL VAN DORN, C. S. A., in Camp:

GENERAL: I have come to this place to find where my stores and munitions have been scattered to. The evacuation of Madrid has confused everything, and although I still hold the plank road and have 1,000 men near by, yet my stores are scattered from Memphis to Pocahontas. I have command of Crowley Ridge, and to-morrow will send a steamboat to Hornesville, to ply upon the Saint Francis and Little orders.

This will be carried to you by Lieutenant Colonel Drake McDowell (who has been one of my aides), who can give you a more detailed statement of affairs.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Mo. S. G.

51 R R-VOL VIII

