SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MISSOURI STATE GUARD, Numbers 1. March 24, 1862.

I. The troops of the Second Brigade, Missouri Volunteers, having ben transferred to the Confederate Army, that brigade ceases to exist, and those officers of the Missouri State Guard who were assigned to duty with it will report at once for orders to the commanding officers of their respective divisions.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Price:

JAMES M. LOUGHBOROUGH,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,

March 25, 1862.

Major General STERLING PRICE:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that the troops of your command heretofore ordered to Jacksonport will direct their march on Does. Arc. The road diverges to Des Arc at Springfield. It will be necessary the points of deposit of supplies along the route from that point to Des Arc.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Little Rock, March 25, 1862.

Brigadier General ALBERT RUST:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Van Dorn, commanding this district, to say that he desires you to assume command of the troops in the region of country about the Lower Arkansas from Clarksville to the mouth of the river, and about White River from Des Arc to its mouth.

You will proceed at once to organizing regiments from the companies organized. The companies now at Little Rock will be sent to Devall's Bluff, under the command of Colonel James P. Major, where the organization will take place. The companies north of the Arkansas River, that were formerly ordered to proceed under the command of Colonel Major to Jacksonport, will proceed under his command to Des Arc, where they will be organized into regiments and battalions under your direction.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. MAURY.

The companies organized under the call of Governor Rector for the Confederate service, and heretofore directed to proceed to Jacksonport, under the control and supervision of Colonel James P. Major, are hereby directed to change their march to Des Arc, on White River.

Colonel Major will make the necessary arrangements to carry out these instructions.

The companies now at Little Rock will proceed at once to Devall's Bluff, where they will go into camp, be armed, and await orders. Colonel Major will superintend and control this movement also, and will take the necessary measures for the prompt execution of these orders and for the proper care of the men.

