
of the one on the main-land commenced a day or two before I left the bend.

I requested Captain Gray, however, to change the location of the one on the island to a position I thought rather preferable to the one we had marked off, which he said he would do.

4th. No works had been erected or guns planted at or near Tiptonville. I made a hasty examination, in company with Captain Gray, of the proposed location of the cremaillere line from Tiptonville to the lake, and gave him my views in regard to it, and to the best position for a battery at Tiptonville in the event the construction of such works should be determined on.

It was Captain Gray's intention to complete the cremaillere line from Battery Numbers 1. to the bayou as soon as the fall in the river would admit of it.

5th. The capacity of the batteries, in the condition in which I left them, though not complete, I judged, from the three days's firing I witnessed of the enemy's gun and mortar boats, was sufficient, with the aid of the floating battery of nine guns, to successfully resist their attacks and prevent them from passing down river.

I do not know what progress has been made in the completion of the batteries and the construction of other works or what is their present defensive capacity.

A more detailed report will be furnished the general if he desires it. I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. B. HARRIS,

Captains, Engineers.

OSCEOLA, ARK., April 1, 1862.

OFFICER COMMANDING C. S. ARMY, Island, Numbers 10:

GENERAL: I have reached this point en route for my command to carry out your request to attack the enemy in the rear at New Madrid, but I have heard that my men have destroyed the plank road and left for Pocahontas. I will nevertheless proceed on my journey until I am satisfied the report is true, and if it is, I will myself follow them; if not, I will carry out your wishes. Your orders sent to Newton Ross, Osceola, will be forwarded to me.

Your, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Mo. S. G.

OSCEOLA, ARK., April 1, 1862.

Brigadier-General VILLEPIGUE, C. S. A., Fort Pillow;

GENERAL: I learn upon my arrival at this place that my men destroyed the plank road on Sunday last and have left for Pocahontas, Ark. I will nevertheless continue my intention of going to Hornersville, and if the report I hear is true I will see that the road is effectually destroyed, and then take my steamboat (the Conway) and proceed to join my command. You will please, therefore, let the commandant at Numbers 10 know that I cannot make the demonstration requested and promised.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Mo. S. G.

