
11th. I could get the steamers down the river, but one accident would give a transport to the enemy and ruin me. I will sacrifice the property.

12th. I venture no remarks about my prospects. I give things as they presented themselves on yesterday.

13th. Please send me a cipher, unless satisfied of the safety of the northern line.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. MACKALL,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Corinth, Miss. April 2, 1862.

Brigadier General W. W. MACKALL,

Commanding at Madrid Bend, Tenn.:

GENERAL: The bearer, Captain B. J. Butler, is authorized to visit Madrid Bend, to offer you his services for the purpose of endeavoring to save the boats now cut off at Madrid Bend by the enemy's batteries below that point. You will send down in said boats all the guns, carriages, chassis, material, corn, &amp;c., you may not require in the defense of your position. It is preferable to run the risk of losing those objects in an endeavor to save them than to leave them where they are, to fall into the hands of the enemy and to be destroyed by the torch.

A few days ago I have Captain Fleming a letter to you to the same purport as the above, not being then aware that General Polk had already authorized Captain Butler to examine into the matter for the purpose indicated above; hence he has priority of claim, and Captain Fleming can assist him in the above undertaking should he be willing to serve under the directions of Captain Butler.

I remain, dear general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General, Second in Command.

HORNERSVILLE, Mo., April 3, 1862-4 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER ISLAND Numbers 10:

GENERAL: I reached this place this morning and find that my men have started for Pocahontas, under the order of Major General Earl Van Dorn. They first attempted to destroy the plank road, but how effectually it was done I cannot accurately learn. The enemy are now attempting to repair it, and the time of completion will depend upon the manner of destruction. Therefore I can be relieved on for no demonstration in the enemy's rear until I let you know again.

Yours, most respectfully,

M. JEFF. THOMPSON,

Brigadier-General, Mo. S. C.
HEADQUARTERS,Madrid Bend, April 3, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS JORDAN, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Since my letter of April 1 (not numbered) I have been engaged in an effort to find out what was at my command. Reports of this morn-

