
within 8 or 10 miles of the town, in order to select a proper site for batteries to defend the approach to it. He will observe and repot how great a force will be necessary to hold the ridge against an enemy approaching the town and any other matters relating to the defensible nature of the position. After completing the reconnaissance he will repair to Memphis and await the arrival of the general commanding.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

D. H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DES ARC, April 8, 1862.

General COOPER:

A portion of the Missouri troops desire to continue in the service as Missouri State Guards for ninety days longer, under their own officers. Shall their services be accepted? They are good troops, but I doubt the propriety of retaining them in Confederate service as State troops, and would not advise it.

Please answer as soon as convenient, as the troops are now embarking for Memphis.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Des Arc, April 8, 1862.

Colonel J. J. CLARKSON:

COLONEL: After organizing and fitting out your command as authorized by Special Orders, Numbers 27, March 20, it is desire that you will make your way as quickly as possible, to the route between Leavenworth or Independence and Santa Fe, or other points in New Mexico, and use your utmost efforts to interrupt and capture the supply trains of the enemy in that department, to cut off their mails, and annoy them by every other means in your power. When practicable you will bring any stores or property you may capture into the Confederate States limits; otherwise will destroy them.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

D. H. MAURY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS., ADJT. GEN'S OFFICER, Mo., Numbers 27. Des Arc, Ark., April 8, 1862.

The resignation of Sterling Price, major-general of the Missouri State Guard, has been received and is hereby accepted, to take effect from this date. The Commander-in-Chief takes this occasion to express his sincere regret to the Missouri State Guard at the loss of so gallant, experienced, and distinguished an officer from their councils, and to encourage them in such a performance of their future as will keep bright the fame have so nobly won under his leadership.

By order of the Governor:

WARWICK HOUGH,

Adjutant-General of Missouri.

