SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT, Numbers 44. Des Arc, Ark., April 8, 1862.

Brigadier General Albert Rust is assigned to the command of the brigade which will consist of the regiment and battalions of Arkansas troops recently organized at Devall's Bluff and of such others as may hereafter be added to them.

By order of Major General Earl Van Dorn:

D. H. MAURY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS Mo. S. C., Numbers 1. Des Arc, Ark., April 9, 1862.

I. By order of the Governor of the State of Missouri bearing date April 8, 1862, I have this day assumed the command of the Missouri State Guard.

II. The above-mentioned troops will be immediately organized into companies, battalions, and regiments, according to the laws of the State of Missouri.

III. Lieutenant-Colonel Shield is hereby detailed as inspector, to muster and report the troops to these headquarters.

IV. Generals of divisions will report immediately the entire force of their respective commands.

V. Division quartermasters, or, in their absence, regimental quartermasters, will immediately report all horses, mules, wagons, tents, camp equipage, and other property in their respective commands and belonging to the State of Missouri. They will also especially report all State property which has been transferred to the armies of the Confederate States.

VI. Division ordnance officers will forth report all arms, ammunition, and artillery now belonging to the State of Missouri, also all arms, ammunition, and artillery which may have been transferred to the Confederate Army.

VII. Generals of division will cause the pay rolls of their respective commands to be made out and certified to without delay, as the funds for their payment are daily expected.

VIII. Colonel Joseph Kelly will, until further orders, assume command of the Sixth Division of Mo. S. G.

By order of M. M. Parsons, brigadier-general, commanding Mo. S. G.:

AUSTIN M. STANDISH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TRANS-MISSISSIPPI DISTRICT,Des Arc, Ark., April 9, 1862.

Major every effort to get some of the captured arms for my command or any arms you can get; also all the ammunition you can. Send to General Beauregard in my name. Keep him informed of all arrivals of troops from here. Inquire if it will be necessary for me to send over any wagons and teams and how many. Send more steamboats. I am moving too slowly. Show this to Adams. Impress the quartermaster at Memphis with the importance of preparing forage for me.

EARL VAN DORN,

Major-General.

