
them to their owners or pretended owners. The military are neither slave-stealers nor slave-catchers. To avoid all difficulties about this matter keep fugitives out of camp, and let the question of ownership be decided by the civil tribunals.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 15, 1862,=.

Major-General HALLECK:

MY DEAR SIR: This will introduce Gov. G. Koerner, of Illinois, who is my personal friend, and who calls on you at my particular request. Please open the sealed letter he will hand you before he leaves you and confer with him as to its contents.

Yours, very truly,

A. LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, January 15, 1862.

Major-General HALLECK:

MY DEAR SIR: The Germans are true and patriotic, and so far as they have got cross in Missouri it is upon mistake and misunderstanding. Without a knowledge of its contents Governor Koerner, of Illinois, will hand you this letter. He is an educated and talented German gentleman, as true a man as lives. With his assistance you can set everything right with the Germans. I write this without his knowledge, asking him at the same time, by letter, to deliver it. My clear judgment is that, with reference to the German element in your command, you should have Governor Koerner with you; and if agreeable to you and him, I will make a brigadier-general, so that he can afford to so give his time. He does not wish to command in the field, though he has more military knowledge than many who do. If he does into the place he will simply be an efficient, zealous, and unselfish assistant to you. I say all this upon intimate personal acquaintance with Governor Koerner.

Yours, very truly,

A. LINCOLN.

SAINT LOUIS, January 17, 1862.

Brigadier General SAMUEL R. CURTIS,

Commanding, &amp;c., Rolla:

GENERAL: Yours of yesterday is received. I regret to inform you that neither the Pay nor Quartermaster's Department have any money. Troops are sent from here to Cairo without pay. I can do no better for you. The moment money is received the forces under your command shall be supplied. They were all paid to the 31st of October. Some here and in North Missouri are not paid for September and October. I have done everything in my power for the troops at Rolla, and they have no cause to complain of me.

The truth is that Congress is so busy discussing the eternal nigger question that they fail to make any appropriations, and the financial departments are dead broke. No requisitions for money are filled.

