
The extra-duty pay will forthcoming as soon as we get any money.

Assure these men that they will be paid, but they must have patience. I am doing everything in my power for them.

We must all do the best we can to make the men comfortable and contended till we get more means. I rely on you to use all your powers of conciliation, especially with the German troops. You told me you could manage them, and I rely on you to do it. At present we have more difficulties to conquer with our own men than with the enemy.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, January 21, 1862.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

Your Excellency's letter of the 15th, by Governor Koerner, is just received. I nominated Governor K. [Koerner] some time ago for appointment as aide-de-camp, with the rank of colonel, the highest authorized by law as a staff officer. Should Your Excellency see fit to make him a brigadier-general I will use my best endeavors to give him such employment as may best suit him.

The difficulty with the Germans results from two causes: 1st, the want of pay, the pay department here being out of funds, which fact it is very difficult to satisfactorily explain to them; 2nd, they are continually tampered with by designing politicians in and out of service in order to serve particular ends. A part of the scheme is the story about the ill-treatment of General Sigel, which is without the slightest foundation.

All these difficulties are being satisfactorily arranged. A firm and decided course will end them forever. Any yielding on the part of the Government will only create new difficulties and give rise to new demands. Being a German myself by descent, I know something of the German character, and I am confident that in a few weeks, if the Government does not interfere, I can reduce these disaffected element to order and discipline.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

SAINT LOUIS, January 22, 1862.

Brigadier General JOHN POPE,

Commanding, &amp;c., Otterville:

GENERAL: I have just received your telegrams of yesterday* and to-day. Your arrangements are all satisfactory. Major Allen has determined to send 75 extra wagons with the division. Colonel Davis' experience in such marches renders it unnecessary for me to give him any special instruction. He will communicate with General Curtis' command at Lebanon as early as practicable. Colonel Phelps says there are two fords at Linn Creek, which can be used at all seasons of the year.

---------------

* See p. 512.

---------------

