
and the largest portion of the troops in this State. By this means, it was said, the Fremont party would be virtually restored to power here; and, by continually fomenting dissatisfaction among the German troops and German population, they could completely paralyze and control the action of the Government. Moreover, it was said that the General and Abolition press throughout the country would use Sigel as an instrument with which to attack me, and break down, or at lest greatly weaken, my authority and influence in this State, so that, at the proper time, the press the Germans throughout the country could demand my removal and the substitution of Sigel in the command. This having been accomplished, Sigel, his army, and the German press would required the restoration of Fremont. By a joint movement in Congress, by mass meetings, &amp;c., it was thought that the President would finally be forced to yield. I am also told that leading secessionists in this city are cognizant of these movements and assist them indirectly.

Any yielding on the part of the Government to the demands of Sigel's friends will only add to the mutiny and insurrection, for his promotion would be but a single step in the plan. Our only safety is to put it down with a strong hand, and, when we get sufficient proof, arrest the leaders and remove them out of the department. I am fully posted in the matter and am prepared for them, but I must have the support of the Government, and the President should make no appointment of these foreign officers without consulting you. If he had appointed Osterhaus and Albert at the time I recommended they could have been kept out of this faction. Now it is too late, as they are fully committed, and ought not to be appointed. Of course this in intended to be entirely confidential.*

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK.

SAINT LOUIS, February 2, 1862.

Major General D. HUNTER,

Commanding Department of Kansas, Fort Leavenworth:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 29th ultimo is just received. If Colonel Newgent's command is in your department please muster them out. If I can find them in my department I will do the same. I wish to get rid of all these irregular, illegal, and fragmentary organizations as soon as possible. They are of great expense and of very little use.

I am delighted with your recent orders. Keep the Kansas troops out of Missouri and I will keep the Missourians out of Kansas. They can't agree, and make infinite trouble. The only way is to keep them apart.

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF KANSAS,Fort Leavenworth, Kans., February 8, 1862.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Missouri, Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENERAL: Believing that the public interests may be promoted by an interchange of views between us and a knowledge with each (in some

---------------

* See McClellan to Halleck, February 6, 1862. Series I, Volume VII, p. 937.

---------------

