
department and army. The Department of Kansas has less connection with present operations, and could be left as it is.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 3. Saint Louis, March 14, 1862.

I. All jurors, whether in civil or criminal courts, in the State of Missouri will hereafter be required to take the oath of allegiance prescribed by the convention on the 16th of October, 1861. Those refusing to take such oath will be rejected as aliens.

II. Any neglect on the part of army or volunteer surgeons in their duties to the sick and wounded will be immediately reported to these war, have failed to give proper attention to their own sick and wounded. In all cases of this kind the medical officer will be deprived of his parole and be placed in close confinement, and the facts reported to headquarters.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 7. Saint Louis, March 19, 1862.

* * * *

II. Brigadier General J. W. Denver will be assigned to the command of the District of Kansas, to include what was heretofore known at the Department of Kansas, except the Kansas troops now in the field under Colonel Deitzler, near the southwestern frontier of Missouri. These troops will report for duty to Major-General Curtis, in Arkansas. All officers of the District of Kansas will report by letter to Brigadier-General at Fort Leavenworth.

III. The term "mixed colors" used in General Orders, Numbers 59, of March 10, 1862, Department of the Missouri, is intended to include only such clothing as in the opinion of the Quartermaster's Department may be mistaken in the field for the uniform of the enemy. Clothing of other mixed colors will not be exchanged.

By command of Major-General Halleck;

N. H. McLEAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY,

March 22, 1862.

General H. W. HALLECK, &amp;., Saint Louis;

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have just left the Secretary (late in the evening). When about to bid him good evening he conversationally told me that Jim Lane had been to him to-day with an order from the President for you not to put Denver in command in Kansas, but that Davies (a recent appointment from New York, a brother of Tush, younger) was to be assigned to that command.

