
He told me that his answer to Lane was a positive refusal to attend to any such order, and if its enforcement should be attempted he would leave the office. He said so many right-minded things about your right to make your own assignments within your own command, expressing his active confidence in you, that I finally asked him if he had any objections to my writing you a private note that you might feel assured of proper support here. He said he had none, and them went on at some length, expressing his determination to allow no improper interference with you while he continued in the department. He then added that I might say that he had called upon the Secretary of the Treasury for the money you need for the payment of troops, and had been told that eight millions would soon be ready, and that he (the Secretary of War) had directed that the first payment should be made to your troops, as you desired (by a telegram).

I then bid the Secretary good evening and left him, but he called me back, and added that if I was going to write to you he wished me to convey his respects and his entire confidence in your ability and patriotism, explaining that he had been employed against you in the mine case in California, and that his partner had some difficulty or controversy with you of a somewhat personal nature, but that for his part he had taken no interest in it, and had never had any other than the highest respect for you, and he hoped you would not imagine that he ever had.

The Secretary understands the importance of your command and the necessity of your being the commander for carrying out its objects.

My writing this note, general, is of my own, not his, and I have been moved to it only because of the very sensible and proper remarks of the Secretary, made without any thought of their being communicated.

I have constituted myself a sort of temporary aide-de-camp to the Secretary for a short time. I do not expect or desire to remain here, and shall be more willing to go than any one to have me go.

I remain, very truly, yours,

E. A. HITCHCOCK.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE MISSISSIPPI, Numbers 10. Saint Louis, March 28, 1862.

I. It having been reported that shippers and carriers of goods have recently violated the "regulations for the transportation and trade of the Department of the Missouri," established in January last, claiming that said "regulations" had been revoked, notice is hereby given that General Orders, Numbers 61, of Department of the Missouri, current series, revoking General Orders of March 3rd and 6th of same series, does not in any manner affect the "regulations" of January last, which "regulations for transportation and trade" will be enforced in all parts of the present Department of the Mississippi, except reconquered territory, the trade of which is regulated by the license system promulgated by the Secretary of which is regulated by the license system promulgated by the Secretary trade of which is regulated by the Secretary of the Treasury in his circular of March 4.

II. The orders of officers of the customs within this department, when in conformity with the regulations of January last and the instructions of the Secretary of the Treasury, must be complied with by suppliers and carriers; and it is directed that all military officers assist in their enforcement.

53 R R-VOL VIII

