
courage, and fortitude worthy of all praise. In fact, the conduct of all the troops of this command so far exceeded my expectations that I was astonished and delighted, and feel very safe in predicting for them a brilliant career in arms.

To General Stanley, who commanded in the trenches on the 13th, and to General Hamilton, who relieved him on the morning of the 14th, I am specially indebted, not only for their efficient aid on the last days of the operations here, but for their uniform zeal and co-operation during the whole of the operations near this place. Brigadier-General Plummer, commanding at Point Pleasant, is entitled to special commendation for the bold and skillful manner in which he effected a lodgment at that place under fire of the enemy's gunboats and for the determined persistence with which he maintained himself and the blockade of the river for days under heavy fire of the enemy. Captain Mower, First United States Infantry, who, with two companies of his regiment (A and H), had charged of the batteries and served the guns, I desire to present to your special notice. A more gallant and efficient officer is not to be found with this command, and his eminent services during the reduction of this place entitle him to special notice. Colonel J. W. Bissell, Engineer Regiment, rendered me most valuable service both before and during the bombardment of the place. he conducted the erection of the heavy batteries and remained in them until the enemy evacuated the place. Major Lothrop, chief of artillery, has distinguished himself throughout the operations. My personal staff, Major Butler, assistant adjutant-general, Major C. A. Morgan and Captain L. H. Marshall, aides-de-camp, and Major Corse, inspector-general, were prompt and efficient in conveying my orders under the fire of the enemy.

I transmit inclosed the reports of division and brigade commanders immediately concerned in the final operations, as also of Captain Mower, commanding in the batteries, and of Major Lothrop, chief of artillery. Colonel J. W. Bissell, Engineers, has bene too incessantly occupied to make a written report, but desires to mention the following officers of his regiment who displayed unusual gallantry: Lieutenant-Colonel Adams, Captains Dean, Hill, and Tweeddale, and Lieutenants Odenbaught, Randolph, and Besier.

Our whole loss during the operations was 51 killed and wounded. A detailed list will be transmitted as soon as it can be made.

The enemy's loss cannot be ascertained. A number of his dead were left unburied, and more than a hundred new graves attested that he must have suffered severely.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General G. W. CULLUM,

Chief of Staff and Engineer, Department Mississippi.

NOTE.*-As I have already stated, New Madrid was the weak point of the system of defense on and around Island Numbers 10, and if New Madrid could be captured we would gain a point on the Mississippi River below the island which would at once intercept communications and cut off re-enforcements and supplies sent by water. Neither troops nor supplies could reach its garrison in any other manner. New Madrid in our possession furnished us a base of operations against the island

---------------

*To copy of report submitted to Joint Committee on Conduct of the War.

---------------

