
officers, 6,700 privates, 123 pieces of heavy artillery, 35 pieces of field artillery) all of the very best character and latest patterns), 7,000 stand of small-arms, tents for 12,000 men, several wharf-boat loads of provisions, an immense quantity of ammunition of all kinds, many hundred horses and mules, with wagons and harness, &amp;c., are among the spoils. Very few, if any, of the enemy escaped, and only by wading and swimming through the swamps.

The conduct of the troops was splendid throughout, as the results of this operation and its whole progress very plainly indicate. We have crossed this great river, the banks of which were lined with batteries and defended by 7,000 men. We have pursued and captured the whole force of the enemy and all his supplies and material of war, and have again recrossed and reoccupied the camps at New Madrid, without losing a man or meeting with any accident. Such results bespeak efficiency, good conduct, high discipline, and soldierly deportment of the best character far more conclusively than they can be exhibited in pitched battle or the storming of fortified places. Patience, willing labor, endurance of hardship and privation for long periods, cheerful and prompt obedience, order and discipline, bravery and spirit, are the qualities which these operations have developed in the forces under my command, and which assure for them a brilliant and successful career in arms. It is difficult to express the feeling which such conduct has occasioned one fortunate enough to be the commander of such troops. There are few material obstacles within the range of warfare which a man of courage and spirit would hesitate to encounter with such a force.

To the division and brigade commanders, whose reports I transmit, I leave the grateful privilege of designating in detail the forces engaged in these operations. Generals Paine, Stanley, Hamilton, and Plummer crossed the river, together with a portion of General Granger's cavalry division, under Colonel W. L. Elliott, Second Iowa Cavalry. To all these officers I am deeply indebted for their efficient and cordial aid in every portion of our operations. They conducted their divisions with eminent skill and vigor, and to them I am largely indebted for the discipline and efficiency of this command.

General Paine, fortunate in having the advance, exhibited conspicuous gallantry and vigor, and had the satisfaction to receive the surrender of the enemy. General Palmer was posted ten days before the final operations in support and in charge of the battery below Tiptonville. Throughout he was prompt and active in the discharge of his duties.

Of Colonel Bissell, Engineer Regiment, and his regiment I can hardly say too much. Untiring and determined, no difficulties discouraged them and no labor was too much for their energy. They have conducted and completed a work which will be memorable in the history of this war.

My own personal staff-Major Butler, assistant adjutant-general; Major Morgan and Captain Marshall, aides-de-camp; Major J. M. Corse, inspector-general, and Surg. O. W. Nixon, medical director-rendered me important service, and were in all respects zealous and efficient.

Our success was complete and overwhelming, and it gives me profound satisfaction to report that it was accomplished without loss of life.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Department of the Mississippi, Saint Louis, Mo.

