
Numbers 6. Report of Major Warren L. Lothrop, First Missouri Light Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY,Camp near new Madrid, Mo., March 16, 1862.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the artillery under my command during the investment and evacuation of New Madrid. Having been ordered by the general commanding to make a reconnaissance of the enemy's works and select a position to plant a siege battery, I went down on the 11th instant, with Captain L. H. Marshall, First Infantry, and a squadron of dragoons, within about a half mile of the enemy's works. From this position (northwest from the town) I could see distinctly their gunboats and lower fort. I determined at once, from my observation, where to plant the battery, and on the 12th instant went to the same point again, in company with Colonel Bissell, of the Engineers, and Captain Marshall, to satisfy myself that I was not mistaken in the selection of the ground. Colonel Bissell and Captain Marshall thought the position to be a good one. The same evening, at dusk, Colonel Bissell and myself, with Colonel Morgan's brigade, the Tenth and Sixteenth Illinois Regiments, went down within about 500 yards in rear of the position where the battery was to be established. At this point one regiment was deployed as skirmishers and the other furnished with spades and shovels. The skirmishers advanced about 50 yards in front of the men in rear with spades and shovels, until the latter arrived on the ground where the battery was to be established. In a few moments the work was laid out and the men put to work. At daylight the work was completed, and three 24-pounder siege guns and one 8-inch howitzer put in position. This work was undoubtedly completed before the enemy had any knowledge of it. At daylight in the morning the enemy's forts and gunboats opened upon our battery and kept up a constant cannonading until about 12 o'clock m. After this they continued to fire at intervals until sundown. Captain Mower, of the First Infantry, and Lieutenant reeder, with Companies A and H, served the guns, and al conducted themselves in the most gallant and creditable manner. Captain Mower remained in the battery until the town was evacuated by the enemy, and then placed our siege guns in the enemy's fort.

During the investment of New Madrid, Captain A. M. Powell, First Missouri Light Artillery; Captain Henry Hescock, same regiment; Captain N. T. Spoor, second Iowa Light Artillery, Captain Sands, Eleventh Ohio Light Artillery; and Lieutenant Darling's battery, Company F, Second Artillery, U. S. Army, were frequently under the enemy's fire, and all behaved in a very creditable manner.

Captain Powell, a few days after our arrival in front of New Madrid, was detached from the command and went to Point Pleasant with Colonel Plummer.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. L. LOTHROP,

Major, First Missouri Light Artillery, Commanding Artillery.

Major SPEED BUTLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

7 R R-VOL VIII

