
Numbers 8. Reports of Colonel John Groesbeck, Thirty-ninth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 1ST DIV., DIST. OF THE MISSISSIPPI,New Madrid, Mo., March 15, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report to the general commanding the First Division the part taken in the late action before New Madrid by the brigade under my command, consisting of the Twenty-seventh and Thirty-ninth Regiments Ohio Infantry.

On the afternoon of the 12th instant I detailed Companies A and F. Twenty-seventh, and I and H, Thirty-ninth Ohio, to drive in the pickets of the enemy, hold an advanced position, and cover the parties detailed to plant our heavy artillery. He drove in the pickets, and took the position assigned him within 800 yards of the enemy's gunboat and principal fort.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 13th I moved forward with my brigade and took position on the right of the battery. The enemy's skirmishers immediately commenced firing upon us, but without doing any injury. A few minutes afterwards our artillery opened the engagement, and the brigade was ordered to fall back about 200 yards, which it did in order, under a heavy fire of shot and shell from the guns of the fort. While lying there five companies of the Twenty-seventh Ohio were detached to take a position several hundred yards to the left, on a road leading past the enemy's fort, to guard against any flank movement. I then moved the brigade 300 yards to the left and took position within easy supporting distance of the battery, where the sloping bank of a bayou afforded considerable protection to the men, who remained thus placed during the rest of the day. The firing ceased about sunset. Having thrown out an additional company of pickets in front of the extreme left, the men remained in their position till daylight, when I was relieved.

I take pleasure in mentioning the good conduct of my command. It behaved with great coolness, although exposed to heavy fire the whole day.

Considering the closeness and rapidity of the firing, the casualties were remarkably few, viz, 1 killed, 3 severely wounded of Twenty-seventh Ohio, and 1 very slightly wounded of Thirty-ninth Ohio.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GROESBECK,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE D. KELLOGG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, First Division.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION,Army of the District of the Mississippi, April 16, 1862.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding the First Division, the part taken in the expedition of the 7th instant by the brigade under my command, consisting of the Twenty-seventh and Thirty-ninth Regiments of Ohio Infantry.

On the morning of the 7th I embarked the brigade on board transports Trio and Fanny Gillmore. After crossing the Mississippi we marched 6 miles toward Tiptonville and bivouacked. Next morning marched 8 miles to Tiptonville. On our arrival there found that the whole rebel force had surrendered to Brigadier-General Paine. After

