
The following is the communication above referred to:
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Six miles from Danville, April 27, 1865-9.40 a. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 8 p. m. yesterday, with its inclosure, is just received, and the pontoon train will be sent immediately to report to you at Abbyville, though as it is so far in advance of that point I fear it may not reach you in time to be of service. Should you not need it, please notify the officer in charge in order that he may return to the railroad crossing of the Staunton river. I am now with the main column about six miles from Danville, but my advance of one brigade is no doubt in possession of the place at this time. The telegraph line is in working order, and if you have operators with you, you can communicate at any time with me by the wires. Accompanying this are copies of dispatches that I have been directed to furnish you.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

South Boston, April 28, 1865.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Army Corps:

Your dispatch per scout was received and the bridge train was stopped near this place. I have ordered the train up to Moseley's Crossing, on the Staunton River, to cross my command. It will then report to General Benham.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

April 28, 1865.

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send to South Boston this p. m. a guard to relieve the party from the Sixth Corps which is now stationed there and ordered to Danville. they will protect the bridge and the property of the citizens.

Very respectfully,

F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

South Boston, Va., April 28, 1865.

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: General Sheridan has just received a dispatch from General Halleck notifying him that General Johnston has surrendered on the same terms as those given to General Lee by General Grant. We will return to Petersburg via Roanoke Station to-morrow. We will have forage and rations at the above station for us.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

