
the oath of allegiance. All Virginia will now, in regard to trade, be considered within our lines. I presume North Carolina will be immediately placed on the same footing as Virginia.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,

April 28, 1865.

Colonel G. W. GILE,

Commanding First Brigade, Veteran Reserve Corps:

COLONEL: It does not appear upon the report of inspector of the guards that any guard is established at the houses of either Secretary Usher or Judge-Advocate General Holt. The major-general commanding directs that you cause at once guards to be established there. Inclosed you will find a list of the public functionaries at whose residences it is desired that guards be maintained until further orders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The guard at the President's must be rigidly inspected and its condition reported.

[Inclosure.]

His Excellency the President; Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War; Honorable W. H. Seward, Secretary of State; Honorable H. McCulloch, Secretary of the Treasury; Honorable J. P. Usher, Secretary of the Interior; Honorable ames Speed, Attorney-General; Honorable S. P. Chase, Chief Justice; Honorable J. Holt, Judge-Advocate-General; Honorable G. Welles, Secretary of the Navy; Honorable William Dennison, Postmaster-General. The above is a list of officials at whose houses a guard is to be posted until further orders.

A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DISTRICT OF THE PATUXENT,Bryantown, April 28, 1865.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have ordered from here all detachments of the Sixteenth and Fifteenth New York to report at Washington, as you are aware, and have ordered Major Waite to report here with his battalion of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry, and to-morrow Colonel Clandenin will move his regiment and encamp about a mile and a half northeast of Port Tobacco, as there seems to be no more duty to be done in this vicinity. That point is selected on account of it being convenient to good water, fine grounds, and in every respect a desirable location. Colonel Terry, with the Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops, is near Chapel Point. All the dismounted cavalry which has arrived is encamped on the hill near the landing at Chapel Point. Up to 12 o'clock to-day about, 2,400

