
Unless this is provided for there will be a famine in this State. For this purpose I shall occupy Fredericksburg, Orange or Charlottesville, Lynchburg, and a few other points. To perform this duty properly requires officers and men of more intelligence and character than we have in the Twenty-fifth Corps. I think that in a very short time the Twenty-fourth Corps can do all the duty required.

Affairs here are settling down quietly. More than 5,000 people have offered to take the amnesty oath. Among these are many of Lee's paroled officers. Four offices have been opened for that purpose, and all are densely crowded.

The rebel feeling in Virginia is utterly dead, and, with proper management, can never be resided. As evidence of this the recusant clergymen have offered to pray for the President of the United States, and to-morrow all the churches in Richmond will be reopened.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 29, 1865.

Major ECKERT,

Washington:

A military force has been sent to enforce order at Fredericksburg and on the Rappahannock. It is necessary to have telegraphic communication with Fredericksburg. The line can be repaired with little labor, which can be done by the detachment, with one or two skilled men to superintend.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, April 29, 1865-2 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The Secretary of War having directed that the recruiting of men in the loyal States for the volunteer forces be stopped, now directs that the recruitment for the volunteer forces of all persons, including colored men in all States, be embraced in the order, and their enlistment be discontinued.

JAS. B. FRY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Same to Generals Casey and Weitzel.)

QUARTERMASTER GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., April 29, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Mil. Div. of Va. and North Carolina, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have just returned from Raleigh with General Grant. I find your dispatch of the 24th, advising the sale of condemned or unserviceable horses and mules in the neighborhood of Richmond and Petersburg. Orders have been given to this effect, of which you were advised by General Thomas, acting quartermaster-general, during my absence. Similar orders will be given in other departments of the country.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General and Brevet Major-General.

