HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

April 29, 1865.

Brigadier General R. INGALLS,

221 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, D. C.:

I have ordered eight days' supplies, in addition to the usual amount, to be sent forward to this place, and except that they will be received by Tuesday. General Sheridan's command will be here Monday on its return to Petersburg. In arranging the new time-table for the railroad the running time should not be allowed to exceed five hours between here and City Point. One train each way daily will be enough to do the business between Burkeville and Danville.

R. N. BATCHELDER,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

RICHMOND, VA., April 29, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Military Division of the James, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I inclose herewith a copy of my report to the Chief of Ordnance of the condition of the Tredegan Iron Works. Referring to a conversation I h ad with the commanding general in regard to the works, I have to say that there is no shop at the works for the repair of arms or suitable for that purpose. I do not think the ordnance department could put the works in operation at present, consistently with the wants of the department and economy to the Government.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLAGLER,

Captain of Ordnance.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, VA., April 28, 1865.

Brigadier General A. B. DYER,

Chief of Ordnance, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In accordance with instructions contained in your orders of the 23rd instant, I have the honor to report that I left Washington on the 24th instant and arrived in this city on the 26th. I have visited and carefully inspected the Tredegar Iron Works, and find them in nearly the same condition as when work was stopped there on the Saturday previous to the evacuation of the city by the Confederate forces. A sufficient guard is stationed at the works to protect them. The explosion of an arsenal building in the burnt district near the works destroyed the greater part of the windows and injured the roofs of the buildings. The carpenter shop and some other buildings that were destroyed by fire in 1863 have never been rebuilt.

List of buildings.-The buildings at present consist of one rolling-mill, with smith's shop for repairs attached; a spike shop for making railroad spikes, rivets, and cut-nails; a shed closed in and used as a carpenter's and pattern shop, three foundry buildings, two machine shops, two blacksmiths' shops, one boiler shop, and an office. There are no storehouses of any kind.

