
Condition of the shops and machinery.-Generally the shops, mills, and machinery are in as good running order as when the works were stopped. But as all the shops have, for the last few years, been pushed to their fullest capacity, and the supply of the finer machinery, which was formerly purchased from Northern manufactories, cut off, very few repairs have been made. Some new machines have been made at the works, but they are not of the best pattern and workmanship. The lathes and machinery are much worn and would require repairs before nice work could be done. The leather belting in all the shops is so much worn that new would soon have to be substituted. All the furnaces require new fire-brick.

Rolling-mill.-The rolling mill, ten puddling furnaces, one rotary squeezer, one puddle train of rolls, one roll-lathe, five heating furnaces, two trains of bar and sheet rolls, one trip-hammer, two punches, two shears, and a small smith's shop for repairs. Except the furnaces this mill seems to be in better order than any of the other shops. Some of the furnaces are out of order and all require new fire-brick. There are at this mill about thirty tons of assorted commercial bar-iron, the most of it tire, bolt, and nail iron. It was manufactured at the mill.

Spike shop.-The spike shop has one railroad spike machine, which can make about 25,000 spikes per diem, one small machine for making small spikes and rivets of assorted sizes, and five cut-nail machines. About thirty tons of spikes and cut-nails are on hand at this shop.

Foundries.-The largest foundry building (for casting guns) has two air furnaces admitting a charge of 40,000 pounds each, two drying-ovens, two cranes, and three pits. The latter are at present about two-thirds full of water. Except the want of fire-brick for the furnaces and the water in the gun-pits this building is in good condition. There is one other small foundry building for casting guns. It has one air furnace admitting a charge of 25,000 pounds, two drying ovens, two cranes and two pits. One of the pits is nearly destroyed and has been used for other purposes. There is one foundry building used for the manufacture of projectiles, railroad-car castings, and general work. It has two cupolas which melt 25,000 pounds of metal each per diem, and one air furnace (not in use) for melting brass. About 300 shell-flasks of assorted sizes, flasks for car wheels, and an assortment of flasks for other work are on hand.

Machine-shops.-There are two machine-shops or turning-miles, connected with lathes and machinery for turning and boring guns and for other heavy work. There are in them twelve turning and boring lathes suitable for 10-inch guns, one large lathe for 15-inch guns, one trunning-lathe, and six old turning and boring lathes. These last are of very old pattern and could not be used economically. There are also two engine and machinery lathes, one drilling machine, two lathes, one drilling machine, two lathes expressly for railroad axles, and two large unfinished lathes for making steamship engines. Upstairs is a machine-shop for small work, containing fifteen turning-lathes, four drilling-machines, two planing-machines, and one sear-cutting machine. Outside the building is a vertical turning-lathe which has been used for boring cylinder for steamship engines. This machinery is generally much worn.

Blacksmiths' shops.-There is one large blacksmith's shop with twenty-two forges, and a smaller temporary one with thirteen forges. The smiths' shops are both in good order.

Boiler shop.-There is one large, commodious boiler shop, and in it three unfinished boilers, about six tons of boiler iron, and twenty unfinished torpedoes.

