
build two brigade and cross the men faster. I am only awaiting orders from General Ord to start them to Jones' Brigade. I am very much indebted for the recommendation you speak of, and will try to merit this confidence.

PETER S. MICHIE,

Brevet Major.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND, VA.,

City Point, March 24, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Army of the James:

GENERAL: We have news from Richmond yesterday. The agent who brought it out of the city was obliged to come by the Mechanicsville pike, as no passes would be given to come out upon any road more southerly than that, and orders seem to have been issued to pass no one upon the roads south of the Mechanicsville pike with or without a pass. As our agent come along he saw a party of Sheridan's cavalry within ten miles of Richmond, and heard that they were scattered in bodies well over the country. A party of Sheridan's cavalry were said to be yesterday at the Forge on the Chickahominy. The most important information sent by our friends in Richmond is a report among army officers that a large tunnel is being dug under Fort Harrison; that it was commenced to the right of Forts Field on the enemy's line, and is rapidly progressing, and that 180 yards have already been completed. It is said by rebel officers to promise a great success. This information comes to us from a source which has heretofore been well informed, and we believe that it has been obtained from officers of some rank in the rebel army. Our friends say that they have inquired into the report given out in Government circles that the canal would soon be in running order, but learn on inquiry from persons connected with the canal that it will be months before it can be repaired. The president of the company has applied to the farmers living along the line of the canal to contribute labor, money, and provisions, so that the work may progress as rapidly as possible. Our friends tell us that the loss of the canal is the most serious blow felt in Richmond, and they give us a long list of advanced prices since its destruction, bacon being sold yesterday morning at $20 a pound. Trains on the Central road have not yet commenced to run, notwithstanding the reports to that effect; and the Danville road having taken possession of by the Government, no provisions come that way for citizens generally. In addition to this, last week Government was pressing horses, and country people were afraid to come in to market. Upon one day, in fact, only two marked wagons came in, so that, all combined, our friends say that people are really in a deplorable state. The most active efforts are being made to watch Sheridan's movements. A parade has been made of the negro soldiers raised, and they were put in line with some white soldiers. Our friends say that the lowest class of negroes have been taken. The following is quoted as written:

One of our city official has said that the Confederate intend to leave here in ten days from this time, but we cannot see further sign of it except the continued removal of machinery, which is still going on by the Danville road, which is taxed to its utmost day and night carrying away boxes, most of which are marked Salisbury and some Danville. A gentleman saw a great many boxes coming from the

