
is no other unfinished work on h and that could be of use to the Ordnance Department. Before the furnaces could be used it would be necessary to rebrick them, and fire-bricks for that purpose would have to be brought from the North. The fire-bricks which were used here, after the supply on hand at the beginning of the war was exhausted, were made from an inferior clay and could only endure the fire for about three days.

Recommendations.-For reasons which have been explained in this report, I do not deem it advisable or economical to the Government to put these works in operation. No ordnance stores could be manufactured here with which the department is not well supplied, and with some of them overstocked, owing to the sudden stoppage of expenditures in the armies. There are no shops at the works for the repair of arms. All the drawings belonging to the works have been either destroyed or carried off. I would respectfully recommend that the ordnance and ordnance stores at the works be taken away by the officer in charge of captured ordnance property; that they be sent to such points as you may direct, and that the works be left in charge of the military authorities here until the Government decides what disposition is to be made of them. If they are not put in operation by private parties, some of the machinery might be moved to Government shops elsewhere. With the exception of the gun foundries, the works are well adapted to the manufacture of iron and iron parts for the repair of railroads, cars, agricultural implements, and machines, and for general iron work.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. W. FLAGLER,

Captain of Ordnance.

RICHMOND, VA., April 29, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding:

GENERAL: The undersigned have received your order of Friday, 28th, in relation to the opening of churches in this city. In reply they respect fully state that they do not refuse to use the prayer for the President of the United States, as might perhaps be inferred from your order. They have only delayed their action because they confidently hoped to communicate with their ecclesiastical superiors and receive their sanction, according to the general usage of the church. Having endeavored in vain to reach the bishop, either by letter or message (owing to the remoteness of his residence), knowing it to be impossible to assemble a church council to insert a prayer not now in our authorized liturgy, and yet recognizing it as a scriptural duty to pray for those in authority, we had already determined to assume the responsibility, and without waiting another week for ecclesiastical sanction, to offer prayer for the President of the United States. We make this statement as due to you and to ourselves, that our position as members of a strictly religious organization may be fully understood.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. WOODBRIDGE,

Rector of the Monumental Church.

J. PETERKIN,

Rector of Saint James' Church.

F. M. BAKER,

Rector of Grace Church.

