SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 109. April 29, 1865.

* * * * *

3. In obedience to paragraph 44, Special Orders, Numbers 186, current series, from the War Department, the Sixty-second and Sixty-sixth Regiments New York Volunteers are relieved from duty with this army and ordered to New York City, to report to the commanding officer Department of the East. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Nottoway Court-House, April 29, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated April 18, 1865, I have the honor to forward the names of the following officers for promotion: To be major-general for distinguished gallantry and ability in the battle of Five Forks, April 1, 1865-Bvt. Major General Romeyn B. Ayres, Bvt. Major General Joseph J. Bartlett. Brigadier General Joshua L. Chamberlain, for distinguished and gallant conduct in the battle on the Quaker road, March 29, White Oak road, March 31, and at Five Forks, April 1, 1865. This officer has before been recommended by me fort the brevet of major-general. To be brigadier-general for distinguished conduct at the battle of Five Forks, April 1, 1865, Bvt. Brigadier General E. M. Gregory. To be brevet brigadier-generals for gallant and meritorious conduct at the battle of Five Forks, April 1, 1865-Bvt. Colonel Fred. T. Locke, assistant adjutant-general Fifth Army Corps; Bvt. Colonel Henry C. Bankhead, assistant inspector-general Fifth Army Corps. It may not be improper to remark that both of these officers have before been recommended for the brevet of brigadier-general. To be brevet major for distinguished gallantry and efficient service at the battle on Quaker road, March 29, 1865, Captain George M. Laughlin, acting aide-de-camp; to be brevet captain, First Lieutenant F. Augustus Schermerhorn, aide-de-camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Danville, April 29, 1865-3.17 p.m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Franklin, of my staff, who was sent this morning up the Piedmont Railroad, reports his arrival at the break in the road at Reedy Fork, thirty-five miles from this point, and that he finds a train at the southern end of the trestle. I have instructed him to proceed by that train to Greensborough, to telegraph me from that point, and to report himself to the first of General Sherman's army commanders that

