
arrives. All the rolling stock of the Piedmont Railroad this side of the break is in our possession. Colonel Franklin has an operator with him, and will be able to telegraph back on his arrival at Greensborough, when I will communicate further particulars. Generals Johnston and Beauregard are reported to be still at Greensborough.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Danville, April 29, 1865-11.10 p.m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel Franklin and Major-General McClellan, of my staff, with a detachment from this corps, reached Greensborough at 10.25 p.m., in advance of any Federal troops. With the exception of the break referred to in previous dispatch, thirty-five miles from this point, the railroad is in running order, and the telegraph line is in good working order to Greensborough. No information as yet in regard to the whereabouts of Governor Smith, who is reported to have left this place some days prior to our reaching it. Colonel Franklin secured on his way to Greensborough three guns, with their caissons, and forty cars.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

APRIL 30, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond:

For your information.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Danville, April 29, 1865-11.45 p.m.

DEAR WEBB: Give it circulation among the newspaper reporters that the advance of the Army of the Potomac occupied Greensborough ahead of the forces of General Sherman. It is the best joke of the war; better than the taking of Richmond by the niggers.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS,] CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Near Moseley's Ford, April 29, 1865.

This command will be in readiness to march at 7 a.m. to-morrow. The order of march will be sent to cavalry commanders as soon as definite information can be obtained in regard to rations and forage for the command, which are expected to arrive via Roanoke Station.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

