HEADQUARTERS MILITARY GOVERNOR OF RICHMOND,Richmond, Va., April 29, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Armies:

GENERAL: The inclosed was left me for you; I now send it. My impression is that, as soon as excitement will permit it, the officers of General Lee's army here had better get away. They are here a tax on the community (indirectly, in some instances), and scattered would be less apt to breed discontent than together.

Yours, respectfully,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

RICHMOND, April 25, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I have waited your arrival in Richmond to propose that the men and officers of the Army of Northern Virginia captured or surrendered on the 2nd and 6th of April, or since that time, may be granted the same terms as given to those surrendered by me on the 9th. I see no benefit that will result by retaining them in prison; but, on the contrary, think good may be accomplished by returning them to their homes. Indeed, if all now held as prisoners of war were liberated in the same manner I think it would be advantageous. Should there, however, be objections to this course, I would ask that exceptions be made in favor of the invalid officers and men, and that they be allowed to return to their homes on parole. I can your attention particularly to General Ewell, the members of the Reserve Local Defense Troops, Naval Battalion, &amp;c. The local troops were not performing military duty; the Naval Battalion fell in the line of march of the army for subsistence and protection. Understanding that you may not reach Richmond for some days I take the liberty to forward this application for your consideration.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Richmond, April 26, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General Volunteers, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ALEXANDRIA, NINTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. April 29, 1865.

1. The Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel William Allebaugh commanding, now serving with the First Division, Ninth Army Corps, is hereby transferred to the Third Division, Brevet Major-General Hartranft, commanding. Colonel Allebaugh will at once report with his regiment accordingly.

