
WASHINGTON, April 30, 1865-11.30 a.m.

(Received 3.30 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

You may retain the Sixth Corps for the present. Put the Twenty-fifth in a camp of instruction either at Bermuda Hundred or at City Point until some disposition is made of them for defense on the sea-coast. Establish the best labor system you can to employ the idle and prevent their becoming a burden upon the Government.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 30, 1865-2 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

If General Sheridan can be sent here immediately please send him and place General Crook in command of all the cavalry.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 30, 1865-4 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

Orders have been sent to Major General George G. Meade to move to Alexandria, and the same will be given to General Sheridan as soon as he reaches Petersburg. On further consultation with General E. O. C. Ord, I am more fully convinced of the policy of withdrawal of the Twenty-fifth Corps from Virginia. Their conduct recently has been even worse than I supposed yesterday.

H. W. HALLECK.

RICHMOND, VA., April 30, 1863-4 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

You will move the Army of the Potomac, excepting General Wright's corps, from its present position to Manchester, preparatory to marching to Alexandria. The Sixth Army Corps will guard the railroad to Danville and south till further orders. You will bring with you only such supplies as may be required on the march. All ammunition and stores of all kinds not required by General Wright will be returned to City Point. Your staff officers will prepare at Manchester supplies of provisions and forage for your march to Alexandria. No private property of any kind will be molested in the country passed over. In this respect the strictest discipline must be observed. The Army of the Potomac has shown Virginians how they were to be treated as enemies. Let them now prove that they know equally well how to treat the same people as friends. All condemned and captured horses, mules, harness, and wagons may be sold at such times and places en route, as you may deem most advantageous, to farmers. Implements that can be used for agricultural purposes may be sold in the same way. Please advise me or your movements.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

