HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1865-4.15 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch directing movement of Army of the Potomac received. This army now consists of the Sixth Corps, at Danville; the Fifth Corps, guarding the South Side Railroad from this point to Sutherland's Station, and the Second Corps, massed at this place. I shall move the Fifth Corps by way of Petersburg to Manchester and the Second Corps by the direct route from here; but as all my bridge trains are now on the Staunton River the movement of the latter corps will be delayed till a bridge to cross the Appomattox can be brought back to accompany it. The Fifth Corps will be put in motion at once. Do you intend General Wright to guard the railroad from this point to Sutherland's now guarded by the Fifth Corps? The road really requires but little guarding, as there is no disposition on the part of any one to interfere with it.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1865-6.45 p.m.

There are at City Point some twenty batteries of artillery formerly in the lines around Petersburg and recently constituting the reserve of this army. Shall these batteries be shipped from City Point or accompany the army in its overland march? I think the latter course would be the quickest and cheapest way to get them to Alexandria.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

April 30, 1865.

Surg. G. B. PARKER, U. S. Volunteers,

Acting Chief Medical Officer, City Point, Va.:

Orders have been issued for movements. Second and Fifth Corps to Manchester, near Richmond; from thence they will march to Alexandria, Va. It is desirable that you send sick and wounded of those corps to Washington, who are proper cases for transfer, as rapidly as the means of transportation by steamers at your disposal will permit. You are authorized to reduce the capacity of your hospital 2,500 beds at once. The manner is left to your discretion. I have ordered Surgeon Bendell to break up the sub-depot establishment here, and proceed with the officers and property to City Point and report to you. Acknowledge receipt.

THS. A. McPARLIN,

Surgeon and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army,

Colonel and Medical Director, Army of the Potomac.

