HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE,

April 30, 1865-8.35 p.m.

Asst. Surg. J. B. BRINTON, U. S. Army,

Medical Purveyor, Army of the Potomac, City Point, Va.:

Orders have been issued for the Second and Fifth Corps to move to Manchester, near Richmond; from thence they will march to Alexandria, Va. I have ordered Assistant Surgeon Beaver to break up the medical purveying depot established here, and proceed with escort and property to City Point and report to you.

THS. A. McPARLIN,

Surgeon and Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Army,

Colonel and Medical Director, Army of the Potomac.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 19. April 30, 1865.

I. Brevet Major-General Griffin, commanding Fifth Army Corps, will at once move his corps to Manchester via Petersburg.

II. Brevet Major-General Barlow, commanding Second Army Corps, will, on the arrival of Brigadier-General Benham with a bridge train move his corps to Manchester by the director route from this point.

III. Major-General Wright, commanding Sixth Army Corps, will until further orders, guard the railroad from Danville to this point. He will immediately send staff officers to take charge of the depots, supplies, &amp;c., required for his command.

IV. The troops will take on the march only the authorized baggage trains, and the supply trains of subsistence and forage. All other supplies, such as reserve ammunition, small arm and artillery, entrenching tools, &c., will be sent to City Point and there turned in.

V. In making this movement, the strictest discipline must be enforced; no depredations on private property will be permitted; and the commanding general confidently relies on the Army of the Potomac to evince its discipline in time of peace as it has shown its valor in time of war.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1865-4.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Roanoke Station:

Send back the pontoon train at once. Start it as soon as possible. Move back with your command, as soon as relieved of the charge of the stores now with you by General Wright. You will follow this army to Manchester. General Wright is telegraphed to send a force to relieve you. You can start all not necessary to guard stores toward this station.

By order of General Meade:

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

