
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 16. April 30, 1865.

1. By orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, this corps will, on the arrival of Brigadier-General Benham with a bridge train, move to Manchester by the direct route from this place. The bridge train was at Roanoke Station on Staunton River to-night and General Benham was ordered to start at once for this point. He will probably arrive here to-morrow night or nearly Tuesday.

2. The troops will take on the march only the authorized baggage trains, the supply trains of subsistence and forage, the ambulances, medicine wagons, and trains for the hospital and ambulance departments. All other supplies, such as reserve ammunition for infantry and artillery, entrenching tools, &amp;c., will be sent to City Point. Trains containing these will rendezvous at these headquarters to-morrow a.m., under instructions given by the chief quartermaster of the corps to the division quartermasters and quartermaster of Artillery Brigade. Entrenching tools obtained from these headquarters will be turned in to-night.

3. The troops will be furnished with the amount of supplies directed by existing orders-four days' on the person; eight days' in wagons. The wagons of the supply train now absent from the corps to be loaded immediately upon their return.

By command of Brevet Major-General Barlow:

CHAS. AA. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 42. April 30, 1865.

I. Brevet Major-General Ayres will move at 9 a.m. to-morrow, followed by the artillery.

II. Brevet Major-General Crawford will follow the Second Division when the latter reaches Blacks and Whites.

III. The ambulances and trains will follow the troops.

IV. Brigadier-General Chamberlain will follow the Third Division should the command pass Wilson's Station to-morrow.

V. The artillery will fall in rear of the infantry at Blacks and Whites, and the trains in rear of the entire column.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-With the trains be included the wagons for the hospitals and ambulance departments.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FARMVILLE, VA., April 30, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

Every exertion is being made to find out the whereabouts of Governor Smith, and I think we are now on his track.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

