HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1865-4.20 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Danville:

Send a guard to relieve General Benham, now guarding stores for you at Roanoke Station. Let it start at once. Benham is to move with the army to Manchester and is to leave as soon as possible.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 30, 1865.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps, Danville:

The commanding general directs you to send a regiment at once to Farmville, Va., to relieve the Fortieth New York Volunteers, of Second Corps. There are at Farmville twenty-two of our sick and wounded men, and six at private residences in the country, all unable to bear removal. The duty of the regiment will be to guard and attend the hospital until these men can be removed. They are rationed to include the 5th of May. Your medical director will receive specific instructions from the medical director of the army.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 11. Danville, Va., April 30, 1865.

I. In order to remove a misapprehension in the minds of some relative to the passes required in and about this place, the following regulations are promulgated for the information and guidance of all concerned:

1. No officers or men will be permitted to visit the town without a written pass from either division or brigade commanders. This, however, will not apply to general or staff officers, or mounted orderlies when on duty.

2. Passes will not be granted to more than one-fifth of the officers in each organization, nor to more than two enlisted men from each company. Those granted to the men will expire at or before 6 p.m. daily.

3. Neither officers nor men will be permitted to pass through the picket-line without special authority from these headquarters, general officers and staff officers when on duty alone excepted.

4. Citizens will be permitted to pass the picket-line in the day time into and out of the town, without being required to have passes.

5. Paroled prisoners of war are entitled to the same privileges as citizens, excepting that they may be required to show their parole passes.

6. Officers and soldiers of the C. S. army not paroled will be arrested and sent to the office of the provost-marshal.

II. Mails will leave for the North daily at 8 a.m., and all mail matter for the corps will be sent through the respective division headquarters to the depot, reaching there at least half an hour before the start-

