
ing of the train. The mail matter for the Artillery Brigade and that for the Third Brigade of the Second Division will be sent directly to the depot and delivered there to the mail agent of the corps. The time of arrival of mails from the North has not yet been settled, but the mail agents above referred to will keep themselves informed as to the arrival of the mails and receive them at the depot from the corps mail agent.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS,] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

Danville, Va., April 30, 1865.

The First Division, Brevet Major-General Wheaton commanding, will guard the railroad between this place and Burkeville Junction, and the brigades of the division will be posted as follows:

One brigade at Burkeville Junction, holding the road to and including Keysville. A brigade at or near Roanoke Station, holding the road from Keysville to the vicinity of Banister River. A brigade at Barksdale's Station, holding the road from the vicinity of Banister River to the station on the north side of the Dan River, which will be held by troops from this place.

One regiment will be sent by the 8 a.m. traian to-morrow to the Staunton River, marching thence to Burkeville, as directed in orders already issued. Another regiment will accompany the supply and ammunition trains of the division and the baggage train of the brigade going to Burkeville as a guard to that place, and the remainder of the brigade will proceed by rail to Staunton River and march from that point to Burkeville Junction.

As soon as transportation by railroad can be provided the other brigades will be sent, the one going to the vicinity of Roanoke Station being first sent.

The baggage trains of the brigades going to Roanoke and Barksdale's Stations will be protected by a competent guard from the brigade to which they belong.

The medical director will send with each brigade such ambulances as may be necessary. The remaining ambulances will be sent with the division train to Burkeville Junction.

Great care will be taken to prevent marauding along the road, and whatever it may be absolutely necessary to seize will be taken only under the direction of a commissioned officer and the proper receipts given.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Near Moseley's Ferry, April 30, 1865.

The command will move from Moseley's Ferry to Blacks and Whites. The following will be the order of march: General Crook will have the advance to Wylliesburg, and will then turn to the right and will move via Lewiston, crossing the Meherrin River at Cox's bridge. General.

