
Merritt will follow the command of General Crook to Wylliesburg and then move on the direct road to Blacks and Whites' via Double Bridges. The train will accompany General Merritt's column. Forage rations will be furnished at Blacks and Whites.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, VETERAN RESERVE CORPS,Washington, April 30, 1865.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of Washington:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the streets of the city and roads leading from it are patroled by cavalry as follows, each patrol consisting of five privates and one non-commissioned officer, viz: Six patrols on Pennsylvania, entering the avenue at the Circle and patrolling to the Capitol and back, returning to K street via Sixteenth; three patrols on the streets, and three in reserve. Four patrols to Tennallytown via Pennsylvania avenue and High street, Georgetown; three patrols on the street and one in reserve. Four patrols to Fort Stevens via Fourteenth street to Mount Pleasant Hospital, thence to the Seventh Street road and to the fort; three patrols on the street and one in reserve. Three patrols on Seventh street, from K street to Seventh Street wharf; two on the street and one in reserve at the Seventh Street market. Two patrols on Fourteenth street from K street to the Long Bridge; one on the street and one in reserve. Three patrols on E, F, and G streets west of the War Department, from the War Department to the Potomac; two on the street and one in reserve and G and Twenty-second streets. Three patrols on F and G streets east of Fifteenth street, from Fifteenth street to First street, returning to K street via Fourteenth, and H to Sixteenth, thence to barracks; two on the street and one in reserve. In all twenty-eight patrols, with orders to arrest all drunken soldiers, disperse all crowds on street corners, and halt any person riding precipitately through the streets and make them account for themselves.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. GILE,

Colonel, Commanding City Garrison.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

April 30, 1865.

Major-General CADWALADER,

Commanding, Philadelphia:

There is a plot on foot to burn the city of Philadelphia, in which a large number of persons are engaged. Captain Potts, of my detective force, will see you personally on the arrival of the first train, which leaves here at 6 p.m. In the meantime please take all necessary precautions. Be careful of your men, as some soldiers are supposed to be implicated in the plot.

T. INGRAHAM,

Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General, Dept. of the Potomac.

