
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 1, 1865.

The orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, directing the march to Manchester, contains the following paragraph:

In making this movement the strictest discipline must be enforced. No depredations on private property will be permitted, and the commanding general confidently relies upon the Army of the Potomac to evince its discipline in time of peace as it has shown its valor in time of war.

The brevet major-general commanding the corps urges division commanders to use the strictest measures to prevent straggling. The necessity for any foraging upon the country no longer existing, no mercy will be shown to any plunderers.

By command of Brevet Major-General Barlow:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, No. 43. May 1, 1865.

I. The corps will march to-morrow, 2nd instant, in the following order: First, First Division at 5.30 a.m.; second, Third Division at 6 a.m.; third, corps headquarters train; fourth, Second Division will follow the Third Division; fifth, artillery; sixth, ambulances and trains.

II. The attention of division commanders is again directed to paragraph V, of General Orders, No. 19, headquarters Army of the Potomac. All straggling to the front as well as in rear must be prevented, and the men found straggling must be arrested and punished. The strictest measures must be taken to prevent the men from entering private houses or in any way molesting or taking private property.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 1, 1865-12 m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Danville:

Major-General Halleck has notified General Meade that your corps will be withdrawn in a short time. It is understood that you have now ten days' rations on hand, including those at Roanoke Station. All supplies now here will be sent to the rear. A bridge at Staunton River is left for you to bring back with you. Since you are to guard the railroad from this point to Sutherland's the major-general commanding directs that you send a division to this point at once with its proportion of artillery. The commanding officer will send a regiment to Farmville, and will post his troops at points suitable to guard the railroad to Sutherland's.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

