HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Danville, May 1, 1865-2.45 p.m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of 12 m. is received, and a division will proceed at once to Burkeville Junction and carry out your instructions. The corps has but six days' rations on hand from to-morrow morning, and only three days' forage, including the supply sent to Roanoke Station, Major-General Sheridan having taken from that supply 50,000 rations and 100,000 pounds of forage. It is earnestly desired that a further supply of forage may be sent.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 1, 1865-8.10 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Danville:

Which division do you send to Burke's Station? Please answer as soon as possible.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Danville, May 1, 1865-9.10 p.m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB:

The First Division (Wheaton's) is to go to Burkeville. One regiment left this morning by rail, and I hope to get off the rest of the division to-morrow in the same way.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS,] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

May 1, 1865.

So much of the orders of last night as directed the First Division to hold the railroad between Burkeville Junction and this point is revoked, and the First Division will hold that part of the railroad between Burkeville Junction and Sutherland's Station, occupying both of these points. The commanding officer of that division will so dispose his troops as to effect this object in the best manner. The Third Division will hold the railroad between Burkeville Junction and this point, one brigade being stationed at Keysville and the other at South Boston. A force of 100 men, properly officered, will be posted at each station along the line, and the part of the road between the stations will be patrolled at least once in each day. The trains and ambulances of the First Division will move at 6 a.m. to-morrow, proceeding to Burkeville in charge of Captain Charles G. Finney, assistant quartermaster. The commanding officer of the division will designate a regiment to accompany them as guard.

