
The commanding officer of the Artillery Brigade will designate two batteries, one smooth-bore and the other rifled, and direct them to report to Major-General Wheaton, commanding First Division. These batteries will move with the trains of that division at 6 a.m. to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, No. 38. May 1, 1865.

I. This division having been detailed to guard the railroad from Burkeville to Danville, the following assignment of brigades is made: Second Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Hamblin, headquarters at Burkeville, will guard the railroad and telegraph lines from that point to Keysville; First Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Penrose, headquarters at Clover Station, will guard the railroad and telegraph lines from Keysville to Scottsville Station; Third Brigade, Colonel O. Edwards, headquarters at Barksdalle's Station, will guard the railroad and telegraph lines from Scottsville Station to the north side of Dan River.

II. The brigade commanders will distribute their regiments over the section assigned to their direction, placing sufficient guards at all bridges and culverts, water-tanks, and railroad depots, and so arrange patrolling parties between each regiment as to insure an inspection of the road and telegraph lines at least once in every twenty-four hours.

III. The most stringent measures will be taken by them to prevent all depredations, and proper guards will be furnished all citizens within the limits of their respective commands.

IV. The commanding officer Second Brigade will furnish all necessary details for loading and unloading and guarding the stores at the depot of the corps, which will be at Burkeville. Captain R. E. Hayes, commissary of subsistence, Second Brigade, and First Lieutenant E. C. Huxley, regimental quartermaster, Second Connecticut Artillery, will, in addition to their other duties, act as depot commissary and quartermaster, and receipt for stores for the corps now at Burkeville.

V. The commanding officer Second Brigade will detail one regiment as guard to the division ammunition and supply trains, which will proceed to Burkeville. Any forage necessary to the train animals on the route may be taken under direction of a commissioned officer, proper receipts for which will be given. Each brigade train will move with the division train until it reaches a point near the headquarters designated in paragraph I, where it will be turned off and join the command to which it belongs.

VI. There will be telegraph operators stationed at the points designated for the headquarters of each brigade, and communication will be open with division headquarters, which will be in the vicinity of Clover Station.

VII. More detailed instructions will be given verbally after the hour for the movement of the different brigades is fully determined. It is believed that railroad transportation for the division and its baggage will be furnished as far as Staunton River.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wheaton:

GEO. CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

