
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, No. 39. May 1, 1865.

I. Paragraphs I, V, VI, and VII, General Orders, No. 38, current series, are hereby revoked. In compliance with orders from the corps commander, this division will move as hereafter directed to guard the railroad and telegraph lines between Sutherland's Station and Burkeville. The following assistant of brigades is made: Second Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Hamblin, headquarters at Burkeville, will guard the railroad and telegraph lines from that point to and including Nottoway Court-House Station; Third Brigade, Colonel Oliver Edwards, headquarters at Wilson's Station, will guard the railroad and telegraph lines from Nottoway Court-House Station to and including Wilson's Station; First Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Penrose, headquarters at Sutherland's Station, will guard the railroad and telegraph lines from Wilson's Station to and including Sutherland's Station.

II. All wagons belonging to the division will leave at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, together with the two batteries of Captains Adams and Allen, which will precede the trains. All surplus baggage and material at regimental and brigade headquarters should be sent in the wagons. All other baggage and property will be shipped on the cars. The Second Connecticut Heavy Artillery Volunteers, Colonel James Hubbard, Second Brigade, is detailed as guard to the trains. Any forage necessary to the train and artillery animals on the route may be taken under direction of a commissioned officer, proper receipts for which will be given.

III. Headquarters of the division will, until further orders, be in the vicinity of Sutherland's Station.

IV. Upon the arrival of the troops at Burkeville they will be supplied with rations by Captain R. E. Hayes, depot commissary, and forage for the animals by Lieutenant E. C. Huxley, depot quartermaster.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wheaton:

GEO. CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BLACKS AND WHITES STATIONS,

May 1, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding:

My cavalry move camp here to-night, and will reach Petersburg day after to-morrow, the 3rd.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] BLACKS AND WHITES STATION, VA.,

May 1, 1865-8.40 p.m.

The command will resume the march to Petersburg to-morrow morning, under the direction of Major-General Crook. Forage and rations will arrive during the night, and the divisions will move out after they are issued, encamping to-morrow night in the vicinity of Ford's Depot. General Crook will designate the order of march, the general train following the rear division.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

