
going by way of City Point. You will await further orders as to the route you will pursue to Alexandria and final disposition of your train. Please acknowledge the receipt of this dispatch.

E. R. WARNER,

Brevet Colonel and Acting Chief of Artillery.

RICHMOND, VA., May 1, 1865.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

A ship will leave Fort Monroe, Va., on Saturday morning, the 6th, to carry paroled prisoners to Charleston, Savannah, Pensacola, Mobile, and New Orleans. Those having families here can accompany them. General Ord directs that you impart this information to paroled prisoners in and about Petersburg, but that you will not have a notice published in the newspapers. Any paroled prisoner whose home is any State south of this, excepting Texas, will be given transportation free.

N. M. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

RICHMOND, VA., May 1, 1865.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

The policy is to get rid of the women, children, and needy, rather than support them. The passing North of officers, soldiers, or civilians who have been in the rebel service is for the present prohibited, except by order from Washington. See orders, Nos.1,2,3, and 4, of division commander, and other orders published in Richmond papers, for your guidance in other matters.

N. M. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,ARMY OF THE JAMES,

In the Field, Va., May 1, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Military Division of the James:

GENERAL: My Third Division was sometime ago detached from my command on special service. It having accomplished the duty on which it was sent I respectfully request that it be ordered to rejoin my corps. They now form part of the Tenth Army Corps in North Carolina. I would respectfully suggest that they be ordered to join me by the overland route, as it would save expense.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CHIEF ENGINEER OF DEFENSES,Washington, May 1, 1865.

Brigadier General R. DELAFIELD,

Chief of Engineers:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the circular of the Department of the 29th ultimo, in reference to suspending operations on field fortifications and to collecting and preserving engineer

