
been given and I shall in future confine my operations to finishing the work already commenced at the forts above designated. Holding these we command most of the approaches to the city, and have the skeleton of a line of defense which can readily be built up again on the breaking out of a future war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. S. ALEXANDER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Chief Engineer of Defenses.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,May 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Armies of the United States:

I am informed that 39 officers and about 600 men of Echols' command surrendered and were paroled yesterday at Lewisburg, W. Va. A company of the Eighteenth Virginia Cavalry, numbering 56 men, also surrendered to General Emory on Saturday. All the forces in the Valley seem to be coming in. Concurrent reports leave little room for doubt that General Early died of congestive fever near Salem last week.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Middle Military Division.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 1, 1865-5 p.m.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,

Commanding Army of the Shenandoah:

GENERAL: I wish to send an expedition to Staunton with twenty-five days' rations, consisting of one brigade of infantry, under a good commander. I would suggest General Duval. I also wish Brigadier-General Carroll to be ready to march here through Loudoun County, with his three regiments of veterans, to join the remainder at Camp Stoneman. I will send your orders in detail. Have them ready. I also wish a good regiment of cavalry to go with the brigade to Staunton. Blank paroles should be sent with the command, and all regular supplies should be paid for, or proper vouchers given. The greatest order should be preserved in the marches, and no depredations upon private property whatever should be permitted.

I am, very respectfully,

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Middle Military Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH,May 1, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Middle Military Division, Washington, D. C.:

Dispatch from General Hancock received. Colonel Reed with 600 cavalry is now in Staunton with seven days' supplies. Does the general wish the expedition to go up there before Colonel R.'s return?

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General.

