
CHICAGO, May 1, 1865.

(Received 3.50 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The funeral train arrived here in safety at 11 this morning.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BURLINGTON, N. J., May 2, 1865-10 p.m.

(Received 11.30 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

After leaving you last evening I had so many papers to examine that it escaped my memory to order General Hancock to send a brigade to Dover, Del. Will you please direct it? I would recommend that orders be given at once to muster out of service all the cavalry whose term will expire before the 1st of September, with the view of getting clear of all that can not be mounted with present stock of horses, also to consolidate what will be left. Two regiments of Kilpatrick's cavalry were ordered to turn over their horses and to come to Alexandria by water. I would recommend mustering them out as soon as they arrive. I would also suggest that orders be given the Quartermaster-General to advertise and sell all horses and mules on hand [not] fit for immediate issue.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 2, 1865.

Major J. B. COLLINS,

Commanding Fourth U. S. Infantry, City Point, Va.:

Report with your command to Brigadier General F. T. Dent, at Richmond for duty until further orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 2, 1865.

Captain J. W. MASON,

Commanding Detachment Fifth U. S. Cavalry, City Point, Va.:

Bring your command forward to this place. Turn over your land transportation. On arriving report to these headquarters. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General BENHAM:

The major-general commanding directs that on your arrival at this point you proceed with your command at once by way of Goode's Bridge to Manchester, following the Second Corps and sending an officer ahead to make sure that the bridge is not taken up. All wagons

