
and ambulances will be taken with you, but the contents of engineering tools, &amp;c., will be sent to City Point by rail to be turned in. You will carry nothing but subsistence and forage in your wagons.

Respectfully,

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BURKEVILLE, May 2, 1865.

Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

I am here a little in advance of my command, which I left about three hours since at Meherin. I expect them in about three and a half to four and a half [hours]. Major Folwell's pontoon train passed here some hours ago. Has the commanding general any other orders in addition to those already sent me to move on to Manchester? Would he not wish me to take some action in relation to the portion of the command and the material now at City Point? Order No. 111 has been handed to me just as the above was sent, and the Engineers will be sent to City Point by the first train that leaves after their arrival.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, May 2, 1865-4.40 p.m.

(Received 5.20 p.m.)

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Burke's Station:

Captain Howell has been ordered to take charge of all the movable bridge material here, and to take it to throw a bridge at Broadway Landing for the Artillery Reserve. He will take all with him thence to Mechanicsville. At that point he will await orders from these headquarters. A guard is left here in charge of the remaining material until it shall be moved. You had better leave your command under Colonel Spaulding and join us in Richmond via City Point.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 2, 1865.

The corps will move at 1 o'clock to-day on the road toward Jetersville and Amelia Court-House, passing through Burkeville Junction and crossing the South Side Railroad a little to the east of the junction. The following is the order of march: First, Second Division and its headquarters train; second, corps headquarters train; third, Third Division and its headquarters train; fourth, First Division and its headquarters train; half the ambulances of each division will follow its headquarters train; fifth, artillery and its headquarters train; sixth, balance of ambulances and the medical hospital wagons; seventh, general trains under the direction of chief quartermaster of corps. Each division will send a staff officer to observe the starting of the preceding

