
your command, expecting the Thirteenth West Virginia Infantry, with twenty-five days' rations in wagons and three days' rations in haversacks, on the morning of the 4th instant, as soon after daylight as possible, for Staunton, Va., for the purpose of paroling such officers and men of the so-called C. S. Army who may wish to avail themselves of the terms granted by General Grant to General Lee, of bringing in as prisoners of war all you may be able to capture who refuse to surrender, and of administering the oath of allegiance to such as may wish to take it.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. RUSSELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 95. Baltimore, Md., May 2, 1865.

The sale of portraits of any rebel officer or soldier, or of J. Wilkes Booth, the murderer of President Lincoln, is forbidden hereafter in this department. All commanding officers and provost-marshals are hereby ordered to take possession of such picture wherever found exposed for sale, and report the names of the parties so offending, who will be liable to arrest and imprisonment if again guilty of a violation of this order.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHICAGO, May 2, 1865.

(Received 11.40 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The funeral train leaves here at 9.30 this evening.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 3, 1865-5.30 p.m.

(Received 5.45 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The special agent of the Treasury has to-day, I am informed, prohibited any wood or coal to be brought into this city for sale without a special permit from Washington. It is now perfectly evident that these agents are resolved that no one shall buy or sell even the necessaries of life except through themselves or their favorites. This is increasing the price of provisions. Corn-meal, the only food of most of the colored population, bears a higher price to-day than under rebel rule. Those who have tobacco or other produce to exchange for provisions, seed, and agricultural implements, are told that they can sell only to particular persons, for none others will be permitted to ship such produce. I know of no better system for robbing the people and driving them to utter desperation. If continued the military must feed the people or permit them to starve.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

