
RICHMOND, May 3, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I understand that Treasury officers construe the executive order as annulling that clause of mine which makes spirituous liquors contraband in Richmond. I think the exclusion of such liquors at this time a military necessity. With so many rebel soldiers mingling with ours, and a colored population of over 20,000, mostly idle and destitute, the introduction of spirituous liquors will certainly lead to personal conflicts and perhaps riots. Such an element of disorder should not be introduced.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

Washington, May 3, 1865-10.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding Military Division of the James, Richmond, Va.:

You have the authority to exclude spirituous liquor from your command and will therefore exercise it if you deem it necessary to the maintenance of order and military discipline.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

President of the United States.

WASHINGTON, May 3, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

You are instructed to enforce your own order in respect to trade and the sale of spirituous liquors. The President did not design to interfere with, but to ratify it. The order he signed under the representation and belief that I had approved it, which was not true, for my first knowledge of it was seeing it in the papers. If any Treasury agents interferer with your order to the danger of your command arrest and imprison them. In a day or two the whole matter will be properly regulated by the President.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., May 3, 1865.

(Received 5.30 p.m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Would it not be well to repair the Petersburg and Weldon road as far south as possible so as to meet General Sherman with supplies? It is reported to be in good order south of Stony Creek.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., May 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Sheridan's command will reach Petersburg to-day. It will require some days to refit. General Sheridan has been ordered to report to you in Washington.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

68 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

