HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., May 3, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Military Division of the James, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: General Grant directs that as soon as the Army of the Potomac, is well under way you will please relieve Brigadier General Rufus Ingalls, quartermaster, from duty at City Point and order him to report to him in person at Washington, D. C.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, May 3, 1865-5.30 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

The Orange and Alexandria Railroad books are reported to be at Lynchburg in danger of destruction by disloyal persons who have hitherto controlled the south portion of the railroad. The State of Virginia owns three-fifths of this railroad, and loyal stock and bond holders have interests to be protected, and fear the destruction of the books and papers. They should be seized by the military authorities and transferred to this city, to be disposed of as the Government may finally determine. I have spoken with the Secretary of War, who authorizes me to request you to have these books and papers secured. The governor of the State asks that the railroad be placed in charge of the board of public works as soon as the military authorities can spare it. Their request is under consideration. They offer to put it in repair and work it on terms to be prescribed by the Government, and apprehend destruction of records by rebel stockholders or their directors, if this request becomes known at Lynchburg or Richmond.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE JAMES, No. 5. Richmond, Va., May 3, 1865.

I. A court of conciliation consisting of three arbitrators will be established in the city of Richmond.

II. This court will arbitrate such cases as may be brought before it in regard to the right of possession of property, both personal and real, and to the payment of rents and debts where contracts were made upon the basis of Confederate currency, which now has no legal existence. This court will take no jurisdiction of questions of title to property, nor will its decision be any bar to legal remedies when the civil laws and civil courts are re-established.

III. The court will issue the usual process for the attendance of parties and witnesses and the execution of its decisions; appoints its clerks and other officers, and adopt rules for its proceedings. The fees charged will be simply sufficient to pay its expenses. Any surplus will be given to the poor. All parties bringing suit in this court, and all attorneys and agents appearing for them, will be required to take the amnesty oath. No fees will be charged to the poor.

