
IV. In its decisions the court will be governed by the principles of equity and justice. All alike, white and colored, will be allowed the benefit of its jurisdiction. All proceedings will be simple and brief, and directed solely to ascertaining and securing exact justice.

V. The provost-marshal will refer to this court all questions which come properly within its jurisdiction, and will adopt its decisions so far as concerns the disposition of property belonging to private parties, now in his hands.

VI. As soon as the civil courts are re-established the court of conciliation will cease its functions.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 3, 1865-9.50 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER,

Burkeville:

The squadron of cavalry under Captain Flint will return to Lynchburg and seize the books and papers of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad. All property and papers of the rebel Government will also be seized and guarded till further orders.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Commanding officer at Burkeville will endeavor to intercept Captain Flint, now escorting Colonel Duane. If necessary send out pickets on road to Farmville.

A. S. W.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, No. 18. May 3, 1865.

The corps will march at 6 a.m. to-morrow in the same manner as to-day, in the order: First Division, Second Division, and Third Division. The artillery will proceed as to-day. The infantry will move at 6 o'clock without reference to the artillery. The pioneers of the division will precede the division by one-hour, and make the road passable for the artillery and trains.

By command of Brevet Major-General Barlow:

CHAS. A WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. ARTY. Brigadier, SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 3, 1865.

The command will move at 5.30 a.m. to-morrow, May 4, in the following order: Battery B, First New Jersey Artillery; Battery M, First New Hampshire Artillery; Twelfth New York Battery; Tenth Massachusetts Battery; Battery B, First Rhode Island Artillery; Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Companies C and L as provost guard. It is very essential that the command should move precisely at the time stated.

By command of Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Hazard:

A. M. E. GORDON,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

