HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MASSACHUSETTS CAVALRY,Camp Lee, Richmond, Va., May 3, 1865.

Major H. S. SCOTT,

Commanding Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry:

MAJOR: I have the honor respectfully to report that in accordance with your orders I proceeded with a detachment of the regiment to Hanover County, and have carefully scouted through that portion said to be infested by guerrillas, and have ascertained, after close and particular inquiry, that no such bands exist. The depredations complained of by Miss Goodwin, as well as many others reported by the inhabitants, who appear quiet and peaceably disposed, were committed by three stragglers from the U. S. Army, and I have heard of no outrages other than those perpetrated by them. The offenses alleged against the home guard are stated by the people generally to be utterly false. They have been acting under the orders of General Lee in the arrest of deserters, &amp;c. Captain Anderson and Lieutenant Berkley, the two officers of the force, are both men of great respectability, and stand high in the estimation of the public. With regard to the alleged murder of the man Askew, I have been informed that he was a notoriously bad character, and was shot under no connection with the home guard. I have the honor further to report that stragglers from the U. S. Army are wandering through the county and exciting some alarm in the minds of the inhabitants, who are to a great extent, particularly the small farmers, in a state of great destitution and in numerous cases totally unable to cultivate their lands for want of horses and mules.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH J. BAKER,

Captain, Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, Commanding Detachment.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,May 3, 1865.

Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I am in camp below Bailey's Creek. This is the nearest camp below City Point I could get. I will build a bridge across the creek, and will appoint some brigade commander post commander as soon as the garrison reports to me. I will make my headquarters with my troops.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Washington, D. C., May 3, 1865.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you send a brigade of infantry to Dover, Del., to encamp in the vicinity of the town until further orders.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

