HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 3, 1865.

Bvt. Major General O. B. WILLCOX,

Commanding District of Washington:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires the following changes made in the disposition of troops on the Upper Potomac, viz: The line of pickets now on the river to be relieved and patrols established instead; the command to be concentrated, with headquarters at Darnestown-one company at Rockville, one company at Poolesville, and strong detachments at Edwards and Conrad's Ferries, and such other important points on the river as you may designate. He desires also that the commanding officer be directed to pick up all paroled prisoners within his limits, sending those who decline to take the oath of allegiance to Colonel T. Ingraham, provost-marshal of this city, with rolls specifying name, rank, and residence. Those who announce their willingness to take the oath of allegiance will be permitted to return to their homes to await the action of the War Department. Rolls specifying name, rank, and residence of such will be forwarded to the Adjutant-General's Office through these headquarters.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE PATUXENT,Port Tobacco, Md., May 3, 1865.

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I assumed command of this district this morning and found everything in much better shape than I expected, owing to the energy and skill of Colonel Wells. I have made no different dispositions of the troops from those reported by Colonel Wells to you. I would respectfully suggest that the hour of departure of the boat from Washington be changed to 1.30 p.m., which would get her here before dark. The channel is very bad here, and in the night is very difficult to find.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. J. BARTLETT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Boat now leaves at 4 p.m. The general would like the hour changed, as requested by General Bartlett.

J. H. [TAYLOR].

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ALEXANDRIA, NINTH ARMY CORPS, No. 5. May 3, 1865.

1. Brigadier General S. G. Griffin, Second Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps, is assigned to the command of the Second Division of the corps.

