
[Inclosure Numbers 4.]

Statements showing of troops at present in Department of West Virginia.

Troops.	 Disposition.	 Effect

 	 ive

 	 streng

 	 th.

First Division	 Three regiments at Cumberland,	 2,700

(Eight Corps),	 one at Martinsburg, and one

Brigadier-General	 along the Baltimore and Ohio

commanding.	 Railroad at Bridges, &amp;c.

Second Division	 On railroad from Cumberland to	 4,000

(Eighth Corps),	 Parkersburg, three regiments at

Brigadier-General	 New Creek, one at Grafton, one

Carroll	 at Philippi, one at Buckhannon,

commanding.	 one Beverly. This division also

 guards the road to Hancock from

 Cumberland.

Third Division	 Guards railroad from Monocacy to	 a6,500

(Eighth Corps),	 Hancock, garrisons Harper's

Brigadier-General	 Ferry, Maryland Heights, and

Stevenson	 Martinsburg.

commanding.

a Inclose one regiment of cavalry temporarily attached, picketing along athe Shenandoah.

NOTE. -The two cavalry regiment in the Kanawha Valley, form the First Separate Brigade, under command of Brigadier-General Lightburn (at this moment Colonel Oley). A division of new troops is forming at halltown, under Brevet-General Brooke, and one at Charlestown, under Brevet Major-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, VA., March 24, 1865-8 p. m.

(Received 9.10 p. m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have just returned with the detachment of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry after a march of sixty miles in two days. I connected with the command of Colonel Reno yesterday at 6 p. m. at Mountsville, on the Snickersville pike. Colonel Reno, with his command of 300 cavalry and 700 infantry, started at 8 a. m. his return through Snicker;'s Gap, stating that he had a sufficient force to cope with all that Mosby could bring against him. A detailed report will be forwarded to-morrow.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 55. Baltimore, Md., March 24, 1865.

Colonel S. M. Bowman, Eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty as commanding officer of the District of Delaware, and will report in person to these headquarters for orders.

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, U. S. Army:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 56. Baltimore, Md., March 24, 1865.

The District of the Eastern Shore of Maryland, as established by General Orders, Numbers 120, headquarters Middle Department, December delawared, which will be known as the District of Delaware and Eastern Shore of Maryland.

