
sent to Lynchburg reports that city is held by about a thousand of Mosby's guerrillas, and that parties are conscripting horses and arms in the country under orders of Governor Smith. I have directed Sheridan to send out a brigade of cavalry to capture them if possible, and bring them in. Wheaton's division of Sixth Corps has been ordered from Danville back to Burkeville. I propose soon to issue an order that all armed men in Virginia who do not surrender by a certain date shall be held as outlaws and robbers.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 4, 1865-2.30 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Rosser has offered to collect his command and surrender them at Staunton. I have ordered a regiment of cavalry there to receive their arms and paroles. On its return it will be stationed at Gordonsville to preserve order and repress any incipient guerrillas. To supply it the railroad should be opened to that place. The company can do this in a few days if permitted to purchase iron at the Tredegar works. I shall direct the officer in charge to sell them what is required for that purpose, the money or obligation to pay being held subject to the disposal of the Government.

By rendering these companies slight assistance, to be paid for hereafter, I think these roads can be repaired and put in operation much cheaper by them than by the Government. This of course will not affect the question of confiscating the stock of rebel stockholders.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

PHILADELPHIA, May 4, 1865-12 midnight.

(Received 11 a.m. 5th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

I gave General Hancock several days ago verbal instructions to treat all men in arms in Virginia as you propose to notify them you will do. I wish you would have efforts made to arrest Smith, Hunter, Letcher, and all other particularly obnoxious political leaders in the State. I would advise offering a reward of $5,000 for Mosby, if he is still in the State.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 4, 1865-9.50 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Philadelphia:

General Sheridan desires to remain three or four days at Petersburg for the purpose of getting up his reports. Can he do so?

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

