
The musters in the several hospitals connected with this army will be made under the direction of the acting chief commissary of musters, who will detail mustering officers from the several corps and assign them to points where their services may be required, and, in case the number of these should be insufficient to perform the duty, will send in the names of suitable officers for temporary appointment to supply the deficiency.

The medical director will give such directions to the officers of his department at City Point and elsewhere as will facilitate as much as possible the prompt execution of the foregoing orders.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, No. 114. Richmond, Va., May 4, 1865.

1. The Deport Field Hospital of the army, now at City Point, will be removed to Alexandria, Va.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

7. The Army of the Potomac will move through Richmond at 9 a.m. to-morrow, crossing at the upper pontoon bridge at the foot of Seventeenth street, and in the following order: First, Provost Guard, General Macy, commanding; second, Engineer Brigade, General Benham commanding; third, Fifth Army Corps; fourth, Second Army Corps. No wagons or wheeled vehicles of any kind, except batteries, will be allowed in the column. The wagon trains, in the order designated for the commands in the above order of march, will move east on Water bridge, and, crossing the lower canal bridge, will move east on Water street to Twentieth street, then north and up the Mechanicsville road through Mechanicsville. The headquarters train, the engineer train, and the Fifth Corps train will take the most direct road to Peake's Turnout, and will join its corps at that point. The Fifth Corps train will follow the Fifth Corps on the march to Alexandria. The headquarters train and the engineer train will precede the Fifth Corps. The train of the Second Corps will, after passing Mechanicsville, take the road to New Yellow Tavern, and will rejoin its corps at that point. It will follow the Second Corps on the march from that point. After crossing the upper pontoon bridge the route of march will be as follows: Up Seventeenth street to Cary street; east on Cary street, past Castle Thunder and Libby Prison; north on Nineteenth street to Main street; west on Main street to Thirteenth street; through Capitol street; west to Ninth street; south to Franklin street; west to First street; north to Broad street; west to Brook avenue, and then north toward Hanover Court-House. The Fifth Corps will encamp at or near Peake's Turnout; the Second Corps at or near Old Yellow Tavern, on the Brook road. Supplies will be carried for twelve days.

The provost-marshal-general will, after passing to the Brook road, detach a portion of the cavalry to proceed to Twentieth street and the Mechanicsville turnpike, with orders to post sentinels on that road to arrest all stragglers from the trains. He will guard the road taken by the wagons.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. F. BARSTOW,Assistant Adjutant-General.

