
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, No. 19. May 4, 1865.

The corps will move to-morrow at 6 a.m. in the same manner as to-day except that the artillery and its headquarters train will follow the headquarters trains of rear division (First Division), and the reserve ambulances will follow the artillery trains. The divisions will move as follows: Second Division, Third Division, First Division. The Second and Third Division will move at 6, and the First Division and the artillery will wait until they have passed.

By command of Brevet Major-General Barlow:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, No. 20. May 4, 1865.

The corps will march through Richmond to-morrow. The Second and Third Division will begin the march at 5 a.m., instead of 6 a.m. Rations will be issued at once to-night, sufficient to give the command four days' on the person from to-morrow, and the train will move to Manchester to-night, to be filled up with eight days' rations and ten days' forage. No wagons of any description will march through Richmond with the troops, but on arriving at Manchester will be directed by another road. Division commanders will see the importance of having the troops march in the greatest order and regularity to-morrow. The order of march will be as previously indicated, except that all the artillery will follow the leading division, and that no wagons will march with the troops. The reserve and other ambulances will move to Manchester after the supply and forage train to-night, and all headquarters and other wagons will move to Manchester after the troops in the morning and march with the supply train in the morning. In the march of the train from Manchester in the morning the corps headquarters wagons will precede; then the headquarters wagons of the divisions and the artillery in the order in which their respective commands move in the column to-morrow; then the ambulances, and last the supply and forage train. In the march to-morrow the pioneers of divisions will precede their respective commands.

By command of Brevet Major-General Barlow:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 4, 1865.

The command will move at 6 a.m. to-morrow, May 5, in the following order: Battery M, First New Hampshire Artillery; Twelfth New York Battery; Tenth Massachusetts Battery; B, First Rhose Island Artillery; K, Fourth U. S. Artillery; B, First New Jersey Artillery.

By command of Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Hazard:

A. M. E. GORDON,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

