
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, No. 46. May 4, 1865.

I. In compliance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac no men will be permitted to enter Richmond, either with or without passes, except on public business.

II. Supplies will be at once drawn to make twelve days' rations for the entire command, and when the corps moves the men will have two days' pork on their persons and four days' marching rations.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Danville, Va., May 4, 1865-4 p.m.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. KELTON,

Chief of Staff, Richmond, Va.:

Will commence shipping captured property to City Point to-morrow, when the railroad will be in working order. The telegraph is in working order to Raleigh. I have withdrawn all force from North Carolina, except a few safeguards, and the corps is now posted as follows, or will be to-morrow: One division at Burkeville, holding the road from that point to Sutherland's Station, with one regiment at Farmville guarding hospitals at that point, and two divisions in advance of this place but within the Virginia line, with guards upon the railroad to Burkeville. Everything is quiet; no danger of any outbreak, except of paroled men or vagrant negroes, upon the citizens. A single regiment here would, I think, be a sufficient force for this part of the country. What is most needed is the establishment of local civil authority, for the want of which the citizens are suffering. This is a matter which calls for the prompt action of the Government.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., May 4, 1865.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,

Danville:

All justice of the peace who take the amnesty oath and you deem reliable and worthy direct them to resume their functions to preserve order. Appoint to vacancies good, reliable men. Hang up all guerrilla bands and all paroled prisoners who violate their parole. Keep the negroes on their plantations, and seek to arrange all differences between them and their masters so that crops may be cultivated. Local authorities will be arranged as soon as possible.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

DANVILLE, VA., May 4, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. P. LINCOLN,

Acting Assistant Inspector-General, Burkeville:

(Care of General Hamblin.)

General Wheaton directs the Second and Third Brigades to camp near Burkeville and Wilson's Station. About 100 men will be left at each intermediate station to patrol the line and guard the station.

GEO. CLENDENIN, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

