HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., May 4, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Department of Virginia, Fort Monroe:

GENERAL: Voris has gone with his regiment forty miles out on the Virginia Central Railroad, with orders to extend his command to the mountains. The Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry are under orders, by direction of General Halleck, to march to Staunton to receive the arms and public stores of Rosser's command, which are to be collected and paroled there the 10th instant. The Army of the Potomac are to march through the city at 9 a.m. to-morrow. I gave Colonel Smith permission to suspend the order for the execution of the colored soldier for committing rape. An order from the War Department requires such cases to be submitted to the President. No further orders having been received from Washington permitting the ship to sail with paroled prisoners, I have directed all to wait here until a final decision is given.

N. M. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Richmond, Va., May 4, 1865.

The corps will parade to-morrow at 9 o'clock to receive the Army of the Potomac on its march through Richmond. The line will be formed with the Third Division on the right, the Second Division in the center, and the First Division on the left. The right will rest at the corner of Cary and Nineteenth streets and will extend up Nineteenth street to Main street, along Main to Thirteenth Street, up Thirteenth ot Capitol street, along Capitol street and around Capitol Square to Franklin street, along Franklin street to First street, up First street to Broad street, along Broad street to Brook avenue, and thence out Brook avenue. Division commanders will time the march of their respective divisions so that the line can be formed by 9 a.m. Arms will be present by regiments to army, corps, division, and brigade commanders as they severally pass, after which the troops will stand at an order arms. Major Abell, chief of artillery, is hereby charged with forming the line.

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General J. W. Turner:

C. C. ABELL,

Major and Chief of Artillery, Twenty-fourth Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,ARMY OF THE JAMES,

Richmond, Va., May 4, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel STRATTON,

Commanding Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry:

SIR: The commanding general directs that you proceed to Staunton, Va., to receive the surrender of General Rosser's command. By agreement with the authorities here he is to have his command collected and necessary steps taken for their parole on the 10th instant. The general terms are the same as those agreed upon between Generals Grant and Lee. All public stores appertaining to said command,

