
whether of ordnance, quartermaster's, or commissary will be received by you. The ordnance stores will be brought to such point on the Virginia Central Railroad as is in communication with this place by cars, and thence sent forward to the chief of ordnance of this department by railroad. All quartermaster's and commissary stores will be distributed to the needy persons of the country between Staunton and Gordonsville. When you shall have received the public stores of General Rosser's command you will return to Charlottesville and communicate with these headquarters by telegraph, or, should there be no communication with this place by telegraph or cars, you will go to such point of the Central Railroad that there is. In your march through the country you will hold your command to the strictest rules of discipline and order, giving protection to persons and property, and bands of outlaws and guerrillas infesting the country will be broken up, and the partisans sent to these headquarters for trial. You will move with fourteen days' rations and short forage for your command. You will forward from Charlottesville, or such other place as you return to, a full report of your operations, indicating the number of arms received, quantity of quartermaster's and commissary stores and the disposition made thereof. Such instructions as you may need hereafter will be received from Brevet Brigadier-General Voris, commanding the district, or from these headquarters direct.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

N. M. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ALEXANDRIA, NINTH ARMY CORPS, No. 6. May 4, 1865.

1. Bvt. Brigadier General R. H. I. Goddard, aide-de-camp, is temporarily detailed as acting assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*

By command of Major General John G. Parke:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., May 4, 1865.

(Received 1 p.m.)

Brigadier General C. H. MORGAN,

Washington:

Carroll started at daylight this morning, and will march via Berry's Ferry and Upperville. A delay of one day was caused by the laying of the pontoon bridge. Duval left for Staunton this morning with 2,000 infantry and 4,000 cavalry.

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., May 4, 1865.

Brevet Major-General McMILLAN,

Grafton, W. Va.:

Refugees and citizens arriving at Beverly report Rosser and Jackson organizing a force at Staunton for a raid on Beverly and Buckhannon,

69 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

