
Brigadier General J. R. Kenly, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of said district. Headquarters will be established at Wilmington, Del.

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, U. S. Army:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, March 25, 1865-8.30 a. m.

(Received 10.20 a. m.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

Arrived here all safe about 9 p. m. yesterday. No war news. General Grant does not seem to known very much about Yeatman, but thinks very well of him so far as he does know. I like Mr. Whiting very much, and hence would wish him to remain or resign as best suits himself. Hearing this much from me, do as you think best in the matter. General Lee has sent the Russell letter back, concluding, as I understand from Grant, that their dignity does not admit of their receiving the document from us. Robert just now tells there was a little rumpus up the line this morning, ending about where is began.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 25, 1865. (Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am here within five miles of the scene of this morning's action. I have nothing to add to what General Meade reports, except that I have seen the prisoners myself, and they look like there might be the number he states-1,600.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 25, 1865-8 p. m.

To the PRESIDENT:

Your telegram and Parke's report* of the "scrimmage" the morning are received. The rebel rooster looks a little the worse, as he could not hold the fence. We have nothing new here. Now you are away everything is quiet and the tormentors vanished. I hope you will remember General Harrison's advise to his men at Tippecanoe, that they "can see as well a little farther off."

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., March 25, 1865-1.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following dispatch of General Parke is received from General Meade:

The enemy attacked my front this morning at about 4.30 with three divisions, under command of General Gordon. By a sudden rush they seized the line held by

---------------

* See next, post.

---------------

