
RICHMOND, May 5, 1865-6.15 p.m.

Major-General ORD,

Fort Monroe:

You will immediately make every possible preparation at the ports to prevent the entrance of the rebel steamer Stonewall into any harbor in your department. Ammunition should be in readiness and the guns continually manned.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Schofield, Raleigh.)
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Richmond, Va., May 5, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIRST DIVISION:

The commanding general directs me to inform you that the corps will parade to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock, to receive the Army of the Potomac, according to instructions issued from these headquarters, dated May 4, 1865. Major Abell, chief of artillery, is charged with forming the line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. ELLERY LORD,

Brevet Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to commanding officers of the Second and Third Division and Major C. C. Abell, chief of artillery.)

RICHMOND, May 5, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL,

Commanding Twenty-fifth Corps:

The Secretary of War requires a speedy report of what is necessary for the proper organization of the Twenty-fifth Corps; what officers are requisite and what number of clerks to do staff duty. Please furnish these headquarters with the necessary statement at once.

By order of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Petersburg, Va., May 5, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General McKIBBIN:

GENERAL: You will as soon as possible make a personal examination of the country included in your district to ascertain its condition and necessities. Make arrangements before leaving for a supply of seeds, &amp;c., for the use of farmers, so that it may be obtained on your order. During your tour give orders on the spot for seed to those needing it, so as to save valuable time. Give negroes everywhere to understand that they must go to work at once. Inform them clearly as to their own rights and duties as well as the rights of owners of land and other

