
property. Set them at work possible and provide employers with laborers, looking properly to the interests of both. Oblige negroes to leave their former owners in cases where they have been living on them when the owner does not wish them to remain with him, or where the negroes will not work. Ascertain the most suitable place or places in each county of your district for the establishment of a farm for negro labor, which shall also be an employment agency and a station for such troops as may be necessary for police purposes until other arrangements can be made. Place yourself in communication with the most prominent and influential men and obtain from them all the information about the country and people possible. Complete your tour just as rapidly as circumstances will admit, recollecting the very great importance of time to farmers at this season. Returning to this city make your report and be prepared to inaugurate your work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,May 5, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Armies of the United States:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that General Torbert, commanding Army of the Shenandoah, reports to me by telegram of this date that the cavalry force under Colonel Reed, of the Twenty-second New York Cavalry, has returned from Staunton having paroled about 750 men, in addition to those heretofore reported. Generals Rosser and Lilley left Staunton the day before Colonel Reed arrived there, having been engaged without success in endeavoring to raise men to go south. General Torbert expects to receive on Monday the surrender of the remnant of Dearing's old brigade. The people are reported as well disposed. Guerrillas are reported as troublesome in the vicinity and Mount Jackson. I have directed a force to be sent against them, and no quarter to be shown.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Middle Military Division.

The return of Colonel Reed does not interfere with the movement of the force of infantry and cavalry now en route for Staunton, which left Winchester yesterday morning. The number previously reportes as paroled in the Valley is about 2,300.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

DEFENSES NORTH OF THE POTOMAC,

Washington, D. C., May 5, 1865.

Colonel T. INGRAHAM,

Provost-Marshal-General, Defenses North of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to instructions from the major-general commanding, dated May 3, 1865, "requiring

