
the number and strength of the different guards in this city under your control, and also the number and strength of the patrols and an explanation of the system now in force for patrolling the city," I proceeded to ascertain the number and strength required and report the same as follows:

 Officers	 Enlisted

 	 men

Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Depot	 1	 41

Soldiers' Rest	 3	 137

Old Capitol Prison	 1 	 75

Carroll Prison	 1	 65

Central Guard-House	 2	 44

Long Bridge	 2	 63

Aqueduct Bridge	 2	 70

Sixth and Seventh Street Wharves	 3	 176

On duty at these headquarters	 ---	 35

Cavalry force on duty as vedettes	 ---	 28

I have also the honor to submit a copy of the rules and regulations established April 1, 1865, for the government of the infantry patrol while under the command of Captain J. T. Potts. The patrol force as now reported consists of 3 officers and 112 men, and is increased or decreased by orders from commanding officer First Brigade, Veteran Reserve Corps, as the exigencies of the case may seem to demand. The above details, although reported as under the control of this office, are immediately governed and controlled by orders from headquarters First Brigade, Veteran Reserve Corps, except so far as relates to seizures and duties of guards at bridges and ferries. None of the above force are reported at this office daily except those stationed at Long Bridge, Aqueduct Bridge, and Sixth and Seventh Street Wharves. The details referred to above will most probably be returned on report from headquarters First Brigade, Veteran Reserve Corps, to department headquarters, but the force reported are the only troops doing duty at the posts mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. R. WALBRIDGE,

Captain and Assistant.

[Inclosure.]

Instructions for Infantry Patrols.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,OFFICE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

DEFENSES NORTH OF THE POTOMAC,

Washington, D. C., April 1, 1865.

The following rules and regulations, being abstracts of all others heretofore issued from these headquarters, are published for the information of all officers commanding detachments of the provost-guard and patrol:

1. The principal avenues and streets should be thoroughly patrolled three times each day, particular care being taken to visit all places known to be habitually frequented by officers and soldiers.

2. Patrols, as a general rule, should be under charge of a commissioned officer; but patrols under the charge of reliable sergeants may be sent into localities where only enlisted men are likely to be found.

3. The officer of the patrol shall examine the passes of all officers of the army and soldiers whom he shall meet or discover in making his

