
rounds; shall visit all drinking establishments to see if they are conforming with the military regulations, and shall assist the civil authorities as far as may be proper in preserving the peace of the city.

4. All officers found in the city without authority will be ordered to report in arrest at these headquarters at 10 o'clock on the following morning. If an officer shall be found in a state of intoxication or disorderly he will be committed to the Central Guard-House, or sent to these headquarters under guard, as the circumstances of the case may require. Particular care will be taken by the officer of patrol that the officer arrested identifies himself and does not escape punishment by giving wrong name or regiment.

5. All soldiers found in the city without proper authority, or drunk or disorderly, will be committed to Central Guard-House.

6. An unexpired furlough will be considered authority for an enlisted man to be absent from quarters after tattoo.

7. All brothels and bawly-houses will be visited as frequently as possible during the evening, and if found disorderly the inmates will be ordered to report at the Central Guard-House on the following morning, to be convicted by the testimony of the officer having command of the patrol.

8. Theaters and other places of amusement will be visited every evening for the inspection of passes.

9. Officers of patrol shall report at 9 o'clock each morning the action of his patrol the preceding day, giving full name, rank, company, and regiment (or staff corps) of every officer arrested, when and where arrested, for what offense, and how disposed of; also the names, companies, and regiments of all enlisted men arrested, and for what offense. Any other official acts of the patrol may be embodied in special reports.

10. In cases of riots or extensive fires the patrols should be constantly under arms to await orders from these headquarters. Should the officer of patrol hear or be notified of disorderly assemblages or riots, he is empowered to use all reasonable efforts to quell them without awaiting orders, providing that a portion of his force shall always be in reserve at the barracks.

11. In case of extensive fires, to which the patrol may be ordered to repair, it shall be the first duty of the officer to place suitable guards for the protection of exposed property, to prevent unnecessary destruction and pillage and protect the firemen and their apparatus from interruption or violence.

12. Officers of patrols are reminded of the necessity of exercising extreme courtesy in their official conduct. They should, as much as possible, combine affability with firmness in the execution of their duties, showing no favor nor countenancing any violation of military rules.

By order of T. Ingraham, colonel and provost-marshal-general, Defenses North of the Potomac.

JOHN T. POTTS,

Captain, Commanding Military Detectives and Patrols.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WEST VIRGINIA, No. 56. Cumberland, Md., May 5, 1865.

Those men in West Virginia who claim to be rebel soldiers and who have refused to surrender on the very liberal terms heretofore offered them, will hereafter have no claim when captured to be considered

