
prisoners of war. Stealing horses is their principal vocation, and private gain their object. They are in fact banditti, and liable to be treated as such.

Commanding officers are heretofore directed, and all good citizens are requested, to use their utmost exertions to hunt them down and rid the country of their presence. When captured they will be forwarded, with the evidence of their unlawful practices, to these headquarters for speedy trial by military commission.

By command of Brevet Major-General Emory:

TH. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., May 5, 1865.

(Received 11.10 a.m.)

Brigadier General C. H. MORGAN:

Colonel Reed, Twenty-second New York Cavalry, has returned from Staunton. Generals Rosser and Lilley left there the day before he arrived. They were trying to organize a party to go south, but were meeting with no success. Colonel Reed paroled about 750 men. He was troubled some by guerrillas at Mount Jackson and Harrisonburg. The country generally is quiet and the people well-disposed. Detailed report will be forwarded in the morning.* I expect to receive the surrender of Lieutenant-Colonel White, C. S. Army, with the remnant of Dearing's old brigade. He will rendezvous his command on Monday at Paris, and will probably come in on the same day.

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,May 5, 1865.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,

Commanding, &amp;c., Winchester, Va.:

Major-General Hancock directs me to acknowledge receipt of your report of Colonel Reed's operations, and to say that wherever guerrilla parties are operating they are to be hunted down and no quarter given.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,May 5, 1865.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,

Commanding Army of the Shenandoah, Winchester, Va.:

The One hundred and ninety-third New York Volunteers is ordered to your command. The general desires it assigned to General Egan's division.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See Part I, p.1322.

---------------

