
[First indorsement.]

MAY 8, 1865.

Referred to Lieutenant-General Grant for examination and report.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,May 10, 1865.

Respectfully returned to the Secretary of War.

The recommendations of the chief engineers as to works in the defensive line around Washington and Alexandria to be dismantled and the manner of doing it are approved. It is not practicable as yet to fix definitely the permanent garrisons for cities referred to in the rebellious States.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 6, 1865.

The march will be resumed at 6 a.m. to-morrow in the following order: First, artillery with its headquarters wagons; second, Third Division and its headquarters wagons; third, First Division with its headquarters wagons; fourth, Second Division and its headquarters wagons. One-half of the ambulances will follow each division. The rest of the ambulances will follow the Second Division. The general train will join the corps at the intersection of Meadow Bridge road with the road leading from Brook road to Hanover Court-House, and will move in rear. General Barlow will send a small regiment with the train as guard. The route of march will be up the Brook road, turning to the right about miles beyond New Yellow Tavern, crossing the Chickahominy at Winston's Bridge; thence, by the way of Hanover Court-House, to Littlepage's Bridge, on the Pamunkey.

In case headquarters trains do not join to-night they will take their designated place to-morrow, when the corps reaches them.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 6, 1865.

The pack animals will all be sent with the trains to-day, and will not accompany the troops. Notice will be sent to the commanding officer Second Division when the Fifth Corps is out of the way and when that division shall start to be ready at the hour before designated.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

