HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH,May 6, 1865.

Captain C. McK. LEOSER,

Provost-Marshal-General, Army of the Shenandoah:

CAPTAIN: I am directed by the commanding general to inform you that it is expected Lieutenant Colonel E. V. White, C. S. Army, commanding Dearing's old brigade, will be at Milwood at 1 p.m. on Monday next for the purpose of surrendering himself and such remnants of his command as have not already been paroled or surrendered. The commanding general directs that you go yourself, or send an officer of your department, to receive the surrender of Colonel White and command at the time above specified, which will be accepted upon the same terms as granted General Lee by General Grant. The United States property in his possession can be turned to you or the officer accepting the surrender at Milwood. Individual paroles will be taken in all cases, the duplicate of which you will retain. A detachment of cavalry will be ordered to report to you on Monday, the 8th instant, at 10 a.m., for this duty.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 6, 1865.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,

Cumberland:

Major-General Hancock directs me to inform you that it is General Grant's decision that paroled prisoners, residing in West Virginia, who surrendered and were paroled under the terms given to General Lee, can remain at home as long as they respect their paroles and the laws in force where they reside. Good faith demanders that the privilege be secured to the men, and under General Grant's decision the general cannot permit these paroled men to be driven from their homes by the citizens, in the absence of any specific charges showing that it is dangerous for the community for them to remain. The proceedings of the citizens of Parkersburg in ordering all paroled men to leave the place must be discountenanced, but no soldier whose home was not clearly in West Virginia before the war can now claim that as his home. With reference to those who have held civil appointments under the rebel Government, the matter is still under advisement, and there is no change in the orders previously sent you.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., May 6, 1865.

Captain H. H. HARTSOCK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Grafton, W. Va.:

A paroled rebel lieutenant reached Philippi to-day. He confirms the report of rebels organizing under Rosser and Lomax at Stauton for a raid on our lines; thinks the rebels can concentrate from 3,000 to 5,000 armed men, their object being to make a strike and then disband.

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

