SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPT., 8TH ARMY CORPS, No. 109. Baltimore, May 6, 1865.

* * * * *

III. The Provisional Brigade, Ninth Army Corps, Colonel Francis Wister, Two hundred and fifteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding, having arrived at Dover, Del., encamped there and reported to these headquarters in obedience to orders from headquarters District of Alexandria, Va., May 3, 1865, is hereby assigned to the command of Brigadier General J. R. Kenly, commanding officer District of Delaware and Eastern Shore of Maryland, headquarters at Wilmington, Del.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAMUEL B. LAWRENCE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Washington City, May 7, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

I observe in your order of the 3rd instant to Major-General Ord you authorize him to administer the amnesty oath to all persons in the civil or military service of the late rebel Government without regard to their rank or employment. I have to request a modification of said order to the effect that, instead of the amnesty oath, such an oath of allegiance substantially as is prescribed by act of Congress of August 6, 1861, shall be administered. The amnesty oath of December 8, 1863, will only be administered to those who apply for and are entitled to its benefits.

ANDREW JOHNSON,

President United States.

RICHMOND, May 7, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I forward herewith a dispatch to the Attorney-General from one of his relatives. I have seen the letter of ex-Governor Smith to the President, and deem his propositions entirely inadmissible. I have, therefore, refused passes for the delegation to visit Washington:

RICHMOND, May 7.

Honorable JAMES SPEED,

Attorney-General, Washington:

SIR: Two other gentlemen and myself are the bearers of a written communication from the governor of Virginia to the President of the United States, in reference to matters of deep concern to the State. The committee desire to present the communication in person, and ask permission to visit Washington for this purpose. Please send by telegraph, the necessary authority, and should this be declined, I will esteem it a favor to receive a personal permit for myself as a private citizen. This telegram, by permission of General Halleck, is sent through him. Please send answer to his care.

Your relative,

JOHN M. SPEED,

Of Lynchburg.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

70 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

