
WAR DEPARTMENT, May 7, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK, Richmond:

Your action in refusing pass to Speed is approved. The act of himself and his companions in presuming to act as agents of William Smith, and acknowledging him as governor, is itself an act of reason and rebellion, for which you will immediately arrest Speed and his associates, and detain them until the President directs their disposition. Offer a reward of $25,000 for the arrest and delivery of Smith, so that he can be tried.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, May 7, 1865-11 a.m.

(Received 12.30 p.m.)

The SECRETARY OF WAR:

Is there any objection now to permitting exceptional cases of rebels who have taken the oath of allegiance to go North? There are cases here of real suffering and destitution, whose friends offer them support at the North. To let them go now will relieve the Government from the necessity of feeding them and also remove in part the idea that we have not kept faith on General Grant's agreement.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 1865-10.30 a.m.

(Received 12.30 p.m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

General Meade's army, two corps, passed through Richmond yesterday. Slocum's corps is now going into camp at Manchester. General Howard leaves Petersburg to-day and will be in Manchester to-morrow. It will require about three days to fit them out. General Sherman is not expected until the 15th. Shall the troops when ready move on to Alexandria or await Sherman's arrival here?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 7, 1865-2.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK, Richmond, Va.:

There is no necessity for detaining Sherman's army for his arrival. I think, however, he will be in Richmond to-day or to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, May 7, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK, Richmond, Va.:

Arrest R. M. T. Hunter and John A. Campbell and hold them prisoners in Richmond for further orders. They will be kept in prison.

By order of the President:

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

