SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE JAMES, No. 9. Richmond, Va., May 7, 1865.

1. Major-General Casey and the officers assigned to duty in Richmond under his orders are hereby relieved from duty in the Department of Virginia, and will report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army in Washington.

* * * *

By order of Major General H. W. Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 7, 1865.

The march will be resumed to-morrow at 7 a.m. in the following order: First, First Division and its headquarters train and corps headquarters train; second, Second Division and its headquarters train; third, Third Division and its headquarters train; fourth, Artillery Brigade and its headquarters train; fifth, pontoon train; sixth, reserve ambulances; seventh, general train. One-half its ambulances will accompany each division. Brigadier-General De Trobiand will send a small regiment as guard with the train to relieve a regiment of the Second Division now there. The latter regiment will rejoin its division in case it has not already done so. The route followed will be past Concord Church, Chesterfield Depot, Old Chesterfield, Mount Carmel Church; then north, encamping near head branches of Pole Cat River.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, No. 48. May 7, 1865.

I. The corps will move at 6 a.m. to-morrow, and in the following order: First, Third Division, second, First Division, Third, Second Division; fourth, artillery; fifth, ambulances and trains.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, No. 13. Danville, Va., May 7, 1865.

I. All justice of the peace within the limits of this command who take the oath of allegiance to the United States, and are deemed reliable, will be authorized to resume their functions for the preservation of order; and vacancies to such office will be filled by appointment from these headquarters.

II. It is absolutely essential that the industrial resources of the country be at once applied to the cultivation of the growing crops, in order to supply the wants of the people during the coming year; else, the food necessary to the support of the inhabitants, now barely sufficient to last till harvest, will not be raised, and destitution, and starvation must result. All must work to live-negroes will therefore remain at the homes and plantations to which they belong, attending

