
to their work as usual; and those now roaming over the country will at once return to their homes and their work. Questions of compensation for labor so performed will be determined hereafter by the proper authorities.

III. All guerrillas and paroled prisoners who break their parole will be hung at once, and marauders of every description, and all disturbers of the peace, will be dealt with in the most summary manner.

IV. The civil authorities as above indicated are expected, in connection with the military, to do all in their power for the preservation of order and the re-establishment of industry, and all military commanders are enjoined to aid them in their endeavors with such force as may be necessary.

V. It is understood that arrangements for the full re-establishment of local authorities in this State will soon be made.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 7, 1865.

Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Cavalry:

Move the cavalry to Alexandria on the 10th if it is in condition for the move. If not in condition you can delay until the 5th. I have just seen Lieutenant-General Grant, and he directs me to send you this dispatch. This does not affect the orders given by Major-General Halleck.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,ARMY OF THE JAMES,

Richmond, Va., May 7, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. KELTON,

Assistant-Adjutant General, Division of the James:

SIR: There is a brigade serving in this department and on the coast of North Carolina, called the Naval Brigade, with an eccentric organization. The men are volunteers, principally the Thirteenth New York Heavy Artillery. They are on board the following vessels, all but one of which, the Chamberlain, belong to the United States, and are stationed as specified: Steamers Burnside, Foster, Reno, Mosswood, and Jesup; all serving or rather laying at anchor in and around Norforlk, Va. The Burnside is just back from the Rappahannock. The Shrapnel and Parke, steamers, light draft, belong to Government and serving in the waters of the coast of North Carolina. The Chamberlain, chartered steamer, used as a headquarters boat by General Graham at Portsmouth. The troops of all these vessels should be put ashore for discharge at Portsmouth, Newport, News, or some convenient point, and the Government vessels turned over to the quartermaster's department to be used as transports. The Chamberlain should be discharged at once.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

