
are required to take the amnesty oath before presenting such petition. Is there any objection to requiring this preliminary step before forwarding the parties?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., May 8, 1865.

(Received 2.35 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

It has been suggested that all obstacles to trade here, which now seem almost insurmountable, would be removed by a proclamation of the President that Virginia and North Carolina are no longer to be regarded as insurrectionary districts so far as domestic trade is concerned. This, I think, would greatly increase the revenue by causing produce to be brought in and subjected to internal taxes.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 8, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond:

I am not satisfied that it would be expedient to remove Virginia and North Carolina out of the category of insurrectionary States, and I do not think that it could be done for the express purpose of trade and left undone for other purposes. They would have to be taken entirely out of the list of insurrectionary States or permitted to remain as they now are.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, May 8, 1865-10.30 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

You may detain all the cavalry* in your department, placing such as you have no use for at City Point for convenience of supply. That will be as good a point as Alexandria for mustering out all whose time expires between now and October and for shipping the balance to such points as may require their services.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 8, 1865-3.45 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

I presume your telegram in regard to batteries refers to the commands of Generals Sheridan and Wright, but does not include General Sherman's army. Am I right? Please answer, as General Slocum is preparing his batteries to leave to-morrow.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

---------------

* As received by Halleck it reads-batteries.

---------------

