
[Fourth indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,May 22, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Armies of the United States. For Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 8, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY:

Will you please issue the following special order, sending a copy to department and military division commanders:

Paroled officers and men of the late rebel armies whose homes were at the date of their joining those armies in States that have never been in rebellion, and who are not excepted from the benefits of the President's amnesty proclamation, will, upon taking the oath prescribed therein, be permitted to return to their former homes in those States.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 83. Washington, May 8, 1865.

For reducing the Volunteer cavalry forces of the Army.

I. Immediately upon receipt of this order by commanding generals of armies and departments, all volunteer soldiers of the cavalry arm, whose terms of service will expire prior to October 1, 1865, will be mustered out and discharged the service of the United States. In discharging the said troops the following will be observed:

1. The musters out will be made, in accordance with existing regulations, by the commissaries of musters of divisions under the directions of commissaries of musters of corps or departments.

2. Army and department commanders will forthwith ascertain the number of men within their respective commands to be discharged and report the same direct to the Paymaster-General of the Army, forwarding a duplicate the number for each regiment or company, if an independent one.

3. The Paymaster-General will arrange to make immediate payment to the men discharged, said payments to be made in the armies or departments in which the men may be serving at date of muster out.

II. All cavalry remaining in service after the aforesaid discharges have been made will be immediately consolidated into complete maximum regimental organization, and as follows:

1. Army and department commanders will select and designate the organizations to be consolidated.

2. Organizations from the same State will be consolidated with each other.

