
3. All supernumerary commissioned and non-commissioned officers will be mustered out of the date the consolidation of their respective commands is made.

4. The commissioned and non-commissioned officers to be retained, not exceeding the legal number, will be selected by army and department commanders.

5. The proper commissaries of musters and their assistants will be charged, under existing regulations, with the prompt execution of the details.

III. Corps and department commanders will see that the work is pushed with energy and executed accurately and promptly, using to this end division and brigade commanders to superintend it, with their respective staff officers, to aid the mustering officer in collecting the necessary data for the transfer rolls (see circular No. 64, series of 1864, Adjutant-General's Office), muster-out rolls, and other necessary discharge papers, as well as the preparation of the same.

IV. Horses and other public property rendered surplus by the reduction in the forces will be turned over to and cared for by the proper officers of the supply departments concerned.

V. Regimental and company records, rendered no longer necessary, will be taken charge by the proper commissary of musters and forwarded to the Adjutant-General of the Army. The records of each company or regiment must be arranged by themselves and the package containing them marked distinctly with the contents.

VI. Commissaries of musters and their assistants will be held responsible that the necessary rolls are delivered and forwarded to their destination without unnecessary delay.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 213. Washington, May 8, 1865.

* * * * *

54. Captain Merritt Barber, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report in person without delay to the commanding general, Army of the Potomac, for assignment to duty with the Second Brigade, Second Division, Sixth Army Corps.

55. Captain J. H. Rider, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report in person without delay to the commanding general, Army of the Shenandoah, for assignment to duty with the First Brigade, Fourth Provisional Division, of that command.

56. Captain James R. Campbell, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report in person without delay to the commanding -general, Army of the Potomac, for assignment to duty with the First Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

* * * *

58. Captain Thomas P. Ogden, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report in person without delay to the commanding general, Army of the Shenandoah, for assignment to duty with the Third Brigade, First Division, of that command.

* * * *

