
60. Captain Thomas G. Colt, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report in person without delay to the commanding general, Army of the Potomac, for assignment to duty with the Third Brigade, First Division, Sixth Army Corps.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE JAMES, No. 10. Richmond, Va., May 8, 1865.

* * * * *

III. All railroads in the Department of Virginia, when no longer required for military purposes, will, with their rolling stock, machinery, and materials be turned over to the officers of their respective companies, provided such officers have taken the oath of allegiance to the United States. But such delivery will not prevent the forfeiting of any stock in said companies which may be owned by persons who do not come within the provisions of the amnesty proclamation.

* * * * *

V. The Army of Georgia will move through Richmond at 9 a.m. on Wednesday the 10th inst. No wagons or wheeled vehicles of any kind, except six batteries to each corps, will be allowed in the column. The wagon trains will take the lower bridge, and crossing the lower canal bridge will move east on Water street to Twenty-first street, north to Franklin street, west to Nineteenth street and then north toward Mechanicsville. After crossing the upper pontoon bridge the route of march of the column will be as follows: Up Seventeenth street of Cary street; east on Cary past Castle Thunder and Libby Prison; north on Twentieth street to Main street; west on Main street to Thirteenth street; through Capitol street west to Ninth street; south to Grace street; west to First street; north to Broad street; west to Brook avenue, and north toward Hanover Court-House.

2. The available troops of the Department of Virginia in the immediate vicinity of Richmond will be paraded to receive the Army of Georgia as it passes through the city. The troops will be deployed on the line of march on the left flank of the column, the center opposite the court-house, where the reviewing officer has selected his position.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 8, 1865.

The following movements are ordered for to-morrow: First, at 5 a.m. the Artillery Brigade will move by the Telegraph road and encamp on the first suitable ground beyond Massaponax Church; second, the pontoon train will follow the artillery; third, the Second Division will move at 5.30 a.m. and follow the artillery and pontoon trains, encamp in the vicinity of Massaponax Church; fourth, the First Division will move at 6.30 o'clock, and follow the Second Division and encamp in

