
the vicinity of Ny River; fifth, the Third Division, which is in the vicinity of Mount Carmel Church, will move at 6 and follow the First Division, encamp in the vicinity of Po River. If General De Trobiand should find this march too long he will encamp at some suitable point in rear of the Po. Sixth, the headquarters trains and one-half the ambulances will accompany their respective divisions. Seventh, reserve ambulances will follow the Third Division. A halt of fifteen minutes for rest will be made by the infantry after each one and a half hours of the march. At midway of the march (the march to be about sixteen miles for each division) a halt of one hour, or one hour and a half will be made. The pioneers have been ordered to move at 5 a.m. from here in advance of the troops.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, No. 49. May 8, 1865.

I. The corps will march to-morrow as follows: First, the artillery at 5 a.m.; second, First Division at 5.30 a.m., followed by the Second Division; third, ambulances and trains; fourth, Third Division.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., May 8, 1865-2 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Danville:

As soon as captured and Government property is sent to City Point or Richmond withdraw your corps to Burkeville preparatory to marching through Richmond to Alexandria. Telegraph when it will reach Burkeville.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

DANVILLE, May 8, 1865-9 p.m.

Brigadier General J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond:

Major-General Halleck's dispatch of this date is just received. It will take some days to ship all the captured property from this point, and it will be absolutely necessary on the withdrawal of the corps that a force, say a strong regiment, should be stationed at this point for a time for the maintenance of order. The town has been threatened by paroled soldiers, and they will be likely to carry their threats into execution unless controlled by the presence of some military force.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

