
RICHMOND, May 8, 1865.

(Received 4.20 p.m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I propose making use of the captured old tents, canvas, &amp;c., what little there is, to make clothing for the negroes, their women to make it up. There is quite a lot of old tents, wagon covers, &c., condemned. I shall transfer them to the district superintendent to shelter refugee blacks, and shall turn over condemned mules and horses to work the farms. I am issuing forage to such now, and shall turn over funds to run the various mills, &c., in the Department of Negro Affairs. Think I can make the Department of Negro Affairs self-sustaining. Am making every one work, and discouraging the blacks flocking to towns.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., May 8, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Department of Virginia:

GENERAL: All loyal citizens are permitted to come to and depart from Richmond without passes or other restrictions than simply registering their names as they land or leave. It is understood that travelers have been prevented from leaving without passes. Any assumption of authority and disobedience of orders of this kind will be severely punished. You will see that no further obstacles of this kind to free transit be permitted. Rebel officers and soldiers who go to loyal States without proper authority will do so at their own peril.

Very respectfully,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, May 8, 1865.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

GENERAL: Please send all paroled prisoners of the late rebel armies now confined or detained at Alexandria, Va., to their homes-those whose homes were, at the time of joining those armies, in States that had never been in rebellion, and who desire to take the oath prescribed in the President's amnesty proclamation, provided they are not excepted from its benefits; if so expected, they will be detained. Those living in Texas will be sent in charge of an officer, and will be landed on the west bank of the Mississippi River, about the mouth of the Red River.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., May 8, 1865.

His Excellency A. I. BOREMAN,

Governor of West Virginia:

SIR: I have the honor to advise you that Captain McNeill has surrendered his command upon the terms given by General Grant to General

