
Lee. The majority have already been paroled, and arrangements have been effected looking to the paroling of the balance of his company as well as of those belonging to other commands, but operating in the Moorefield Valley and under his direction.

* * * * *

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., May 8, 1865.

Colonel CHARLES H. DAY,

Bulltown:

You will take immediate measures to keep yourself advised of any movements the rebels may make in direction of Parkersburg by crossing between you and the Little Kanawha. Bill Jackson may have an insane desire to do Parkersburg damage, and it is important to know what gets through, and when, between you and Colonel Oley at Charleston, &amp;c.,

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST INFANTRY DIVISION,DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,

Clarksburg, W. Va., May 8, 1865.

Bvt. Major P. HART,

Commanding Parkersburg, W. Va.:

MAJOR: There is a rumor that the rebels propose making a raid into West Virginia. The rumor gives their objective as Beverly and Buckhannon, but as Bill Jackson is to be one of their leaders he may have the insane desire to pay Parkersburg a visit to wreak a little vengeance on that town. If this rumor has any foundation for truth the enemy might easily get toward Parkersburg by way of mouth of Big Birch. You will immediately advise the commanding officers of the State troops or scouts in Jackson, Wirt, Calhoun, and Roane Counties to keep a bright lookout and to keep you informed of all movements of the enemy that are reliable. Have your own command on the alert and keep me advised of all reliable information. Is there a gun-boat in vicinity of Parkersburg?

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. WILKINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WASHINGTON, May 9, 1865-2 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

I understand General Rosser has been captured. If no terms have been made with him, rendering it impossible to do so, I wish you to send him here under guard to be tried for deserting his command after it had been surrendered.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

