
WASHINGTON, May 9, 1865.

Bvt. Major General RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, City Point, Va.:

The lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States directs that you report to him as chief quartermaster of the armies about to arrive and for duty in this city, to close up the outstanding accounts of the same. The two officers now on duty with you will accompany you.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., May 9, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

General Halleck has just telegraphed an order for me to report in person to the lieutenant-general. I shall leave at once, and will report Wednesday morning. Everything is arranged here. My reports are all rendered to Generals Halleck and Meigs. Copies will be sent to your office.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 9, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding Military Division of the James, Richmond, Va.:

Upon receipt hereof you are authorized to cause the immediate muster out and discharge from service of all officers and soldiers of your command whose term of service will expire prior to May 31, 1865. In discharging the said troops the following will be observed:

1. The musters out will be made in accordance with existing regulations by the commissaries of musters of divisions under the directions of commissaries of musters of corps or departments.

2. Army and department commanders will forthwith ascertain the number of men within their respective commands to be discharged, and report the same direct to the Paymaster-General of the Army, forwarding a duplicate of the report to the Adjutant-General. Said report must specify the number for each regiment or company, if an independent one.

3. The Paymaster-General will arrange to make immediate payment to the men discharged, said pauments to be made in the armies or departments in which the men may be serving at date of muster out.

Please acknowledge receipt of this.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(The above sent to all army and department commanders.)

