
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 87. Washington, May 9, 1865.

Concerning engineer property and labor on field-works.

Army and department commanders will at once cause to be collected and stored, at convenient depots, all tools, siege material, bridge equipage, and other engineer property not absolutely needed for immediate service with troops, and have inventories of property so collected forwarded to the Chief Engineer of the Army, with recommendation for its disposal. The latter will give the necessary instructions.

All labor on construction and repairs of field-works should now be done by troops; hired labor will not, therefore, be co employed, unless specially authorized from these headquarters or the Engineer Department; and no further purchases of engineer material for field-works will be made without similar authority, except in cases of urgent necessity.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 9, 1865.

1. The route of march to-morrow, the 10th instant, will be by the Telegraph road to Fredericksburg, across the town by the street which forms the continuation of the Telegraph road, up the street along the water to the pontoon bridge near the Lacy house, across the Rappahannock by the bridge, thence through Falmouth and by the Stafford Court-House road.

2. The Artillery Brigade, now beyond Massaponax Church, with its headquarters train, will lead, starting at 7 o'clock and encamp on the Accokeek Creek, unless interfered with by the Fifth Corps, in which case it will encamp this side of that creek.

3. The First Division will follow, starting at 6 o'clock and encamp on Potomac Creek.

4. The Third Division will be next in order of march, starting at 6 o'clock and encamp on Claiburn Run.

5. The Second Division will follow the Third Division when the latter shall have passed it and encamp in rear of the Third Division near Washington's house.

6. The reserve ambulances, pontoon trains, and general train will, in the order named, follow the Second Division and be parked in rear of it.

7. One-half the ambulances will to-morrow, and always on the march unless different instructions are given, accompany their divisions.

8. The same should be observed as to halts, as indicated in previous orders.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, No. 51. May 9, 1865.

I. The corps will march at 5 a.m. to-morrow and in the following order: First, artillery, second, Second Division; third, Third Division;

