
CITY POINT, VA., March 25, 1865.

Admiral D. D. Porter,

Jones' Landing:

I have just returned from the Army of the Potomac front and find your dispatch of this morning. Quiet is entirely restored and there is now no necessity of sending boats up the Appomattox. Sheridan will leave the Chickahominy to-morrow morning, so that if boats have not gone up it it will be too late. Everything went off well. We captured about 2,000 prisoners and killed and wounded a large number of the enemy.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 25, 1865-[12 m].

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The enemy at daylight this morning attack the right of my line, held by the Ninth Army Corps, succeeding in surprising and temporarily occupying a small portion of it till Hartranft's division, in reserve, was brought up, when the enemy was handsomely driven out and the line reoccupied. I forward Major-General Parke's detailed dispatch.* Immediately on learning of the attack, Wheaton's division, Sixth Corps, the small brigade at these headquarters, and a brigade of cavalry were ordered up to Parke's support, but affairs was decided before any reached the scene of action. Two division of the Fifth Corps were also immediately put in motion, but were halted at these headquarters on learning repulse of the enemy. Instructions were also sent to Major-Generals Wright and Humphreys to push forward their skirmishers and feel the enemy's strength, and in case he was found weakened, to attack. Griffin's division, Fifth Corps, was ordered to support Humphreys. The last dispatch from General Humphreys reported he had anticipated his orders, had driven in the enemy's skirmishers, and would attack so soon as he could ascertain how strongly the lines in his front were manned.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 25, 1865-8.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Since my report of 12 m. no further operations have taken place on the Ninth Corps front. Major-General Parke reports his casualties as 64 killed, 323 wounded, and 481 missing. The enemy were permitted, under a flag of truce, to carry from our lines 120 dead and 15 very severely wounded. Under the orders sent Major-General Wright to feel the enemy the skirmishers of the Sixth Corps were advanced, but found the enemy's picket strongly intrenched. Major-General Wright supported his skirmishers by his Second Division, one brigade of the Third Division, and two brigades of the First Division, and after a spirited contest, under a sharp fire of artillery and musketry, the enemy's intrenched picket-line was carried, capturing 416 prisoners. This line

---------------

* Embodied in Grant to Stanton, 1.30 p. m., p. 109.

---------------

