
fourth, First Division, fifth, ambulances and trains; sixth, the pioneers of the First and Third Divisions will accompany the general train to repair the road. The route we are to take crosses Potomac Creek below the railroad, thence along the railroad about half way to Brooke's Station, thence on the Eleventh Corps corduroy to Stafford Court-House.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 9, 1865.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Danville:

Ex-Governor W. Smith was at Lynchburg on the 3rd instant. A reward of $25,000 is offered for his arrest and delivery for trial. A few mounted men sent from Burkeville can secure him.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to commanding officer at Burkeville.)
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Danville, Va., May 9, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel JAMES W. SNYDER,

Ninth New York Artillery, Clover Station:

The major-general commanding directs that you send out at once and use every exertion to capture or kill all, or any, of the band of marauders said to be in your neighborhood. You will please report direct to these headquarters anything of importance or of interest that may transpire within the limits of your command.

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. CAVALRY, MIDDLE MIL. DIVISION, No. 53. May 9, 1865.

I. The cavalry will march toward Richmond to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock in the following order: First, Third Division; second, First Division; third, trains. The commanding officer of the First Cavalry Division will detail a sufficient guard to march in rear of the trains.

II. The First Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, and Battery A, Second U. S. Artillery, having been temporarily assigned to the cavalry, Middle Military Division, by orders from headquarters of the Cavalry, are hereby assigned to the Third Cavalry Division. General Custer will give necessary orders to these commands.

III. Division commanders will use every means to prevent men leaving the ranks on the march. No man will be allowed to leave the column under any pretense whatever. Attention is called to orders from Cavalry headquarters, transmitted herewith, the spirit of which must be strictly carried out.

By command of Brevet Major-General Merritt:

E. M. BAKER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

