
brigade. This order to take effect from the date of the organization of the district, as promulgated in General Orders, No. 56, of April 26, 1865, from these headquarters.

By command of Major General C. C. Augur:

A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., May 9, 1865.

Colonel COOK,

Commanding, Martinsburg:

You will send at once two full companies of the Eighteenth Connecticut Volunteers, with camp and garrison equipage, under a good officer, to Hagerstown, with orders to protect the people of that vicinity from guerrillas and horse thieves. They will draw their supplies from Martinsburg, taking with them the necessary transportation. The command will carry with them sixty rounds of ammunition.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Washington, May 9, 1865.

Major General G. CADWALADER,

Commanding Department of the Susquechanna, Philadelphia:

Major-General Hancock directs that you send a company of the One hundred and eighty-sixth or One hundred and eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers to each of the following places, viz: Greencastle, McConnellsburg, and Bedford, with orders to protect the section of the country where they are stationed from the incursion of guerrilla parties or horse thieves from across the border. You can make such arrangements about supplies as you may think proper. It may be more economical to purchase in the country than to transport such a distance.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 10, 1865-11 a.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond:

Your telegram in relation to the amnesty, dated the 8th, did not reach here until yesterday after I had gone to the Cabinet, which lasted all day. I think the President and many others did misunderstand your order; but General Grant and I understood and highly approved it as a wise and judicious measure. I will present your explanation to the President to-day, and hope he will accord with our views. The Attorney-General, however, having given an opinion that a new proclamation was needed that matter is under consideration.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

