
WASHINGTON, May 10, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

Under orders from this office, General Ingalls has made arrangement for public sales of animals not needed for service. He informs me that Colonel Howard has advertised his independent sale and that orders were at one time given to give away of loan unserviceable animals. Please give orders which will leave this in Virginia to be managed with system and regularity under the orders of General Ingalls and to stop all sales not made under his instructions.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

ARMIES LATELY OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND,

Washington, D. C., May 10, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General,

Headquarters Lieutenant-General Grant:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit herewith copies of my letters to Generals Halleck and Meigs, and also letter of instructions to Colonel Bradley, chief quartermaster, City Point depot, for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding. There are two points to which I respectfully desire to call the attention of the lieutenant-general, viz, that in the letter to General Halleck, in relation to the holding of City Point as a military depot or reservation, and that in the letter to General Meigs in relation to the disposition of the force of colored employes of the quartermaster's department.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

[Inclosure No. 1.] OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, ARMIES LATELY OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND, City Point, May 7, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General to Major-General Halleck,

Commanding in Virginia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit a copy of my letter to Colonel Bradley, for the information of the general commanding, and to respectfully request that he will approve of the same whenever any of the matters are referred for his action. I would especially request that this depot be continued after being reduced to proper limits. The place is admirably for a depot to supply troops posted in Virginia. The improvements are very valuable and ample, and are the property of the Government. There are here extensive wharves, storehouses, railroad buildings, and large quantities of rolling stock, bakery, and hospitals. The place is very important to the Government, and should unquestionably be held as a military depot or deservation until some other and more desirable disposition should be made of the premises. All citizen teamsters and laborers in the Armies of the Potomac and James are ordered to be discharged and their places supplied

