
by details of enlisted men. All the white laborers and teamsters at the depots will be discharged, and if the colored employes are not required at some one of the depots they will also be discharged and enlisted men asked for to replace them.

It is believed that every necessary and proper step has been taken to bring about the required retrenchment and reduction in the quartermaster's department under my charge.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

[Inclosure No. 2.] OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER, ARMIES LATELY OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND, City Point, Va., May 7, 1865.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor of transmitting herewith copies of my letter of instructions to Colonel Bradley, chief quartermaster, City Point depot, with my indorsement thereon to Captain E. J. Strang, assistant quartermaster in charge of depot of repairs, and to Major-General Halleck, commanding in Virginia, for your information and for any further instructions in the matters referred to that you may have to give. I most respectfully request that you will inform me as early as practicable what disposition is to be made of the force negroes in the service of our department. This force has been organized with great care. There are many fine drivers and laborers among them, and they would be, in my opinion, found very useful at the depots or corrals which may be established for the collection and care of our army transportation. They are under perfect discipline and are willing and hardworking men. I could easily transfer 1,500, organized in gangs of twenty-five each, with white superintendents, &amp;c. I would recommend that they be distributed to such depots as may be retained. I would also very respectfully recommend that Captain Strang be place in charge of one of the principal depots, where means of transportation are accumulated. He is one of the best quartermasters in the service, and has had large experience in the field and at depots. I desire to invoke your action as to this depot, for reasons given my letter to General Halleck, and to request that Colonel Bradley may continue in charge of it.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

[Sub-inclosure.]

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

ARMIES LATELY OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND,

City Point, Va., May 7, 1865.

Colonel G. W. BRADLEY,

Chief Depot Quartermaster, City Point, Va.:

COLONEL: The forage shipped from North Carolina to General Sherman's army has been ordered up the Potomac by Brigadier-General Easton, his chief quartermaster; consequently his army will have to be supplied from this point. The accompanying data will show you what

