
Quartermaster-General in Washington. He will prepare all his surplus trains of wagons and teams laden with such property as may be required here, and which might as well be allowed to follow in the rear of the last troops marching from Richmond to Washington, with a view to a concentration at the latter place or Alexandria. Captain Strang will at once see that transportation by water is provided for the General Field Hospital of the Army of the Potomac to Alexandria. The property of the quartermaster's department pertaining thereto, for which he is responsible, will be transferred to an acting assistant quartermaster now on duty at the hospital.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 10, 1865.

1. As soon as the rations are issued to-morrow morning General Miles will put his whole division upon repairing the road from Potomac Creek to Old Tavern, making it practicable for the trains of the corps. General De Trobiand, commanding Third Division, will do the same for the road from Hall's to Cockley's Store and Potomac Creek.

2. The order of march to-morrow will be: Artillery, First Division, Third Division, Second Division, special supply train, reserve ambulances, general train, and pontoon train. Should the pontoon train be unable to get along in the road it will return to Fredericksburg, from which place it will ship its bridging material to Washington, then follow the route of the corps with the rest of its train.

3. The artillery, as soon as it has distributed rations, will move by Hickerson's and Tusculum in the direction of Greenwood Church and Wolf Run Shoals and encamp on Quantico Creek or some convenient point beyond .

4. The First Division will, as soon as it has repaired the road, follow the route taken by the artillery, encamp in the vicinity of Middle Run.

5. The Third Division will follow the First and encamp one or two miles beyond Tusculum.

6. The Second Division will follow the Third and encamp near Tusculum.

7. The pioneers of the Second Division will precede the artillery. Those of the First and Third, as soon as those divisions have finished their repairs, will precede the infantry and work upon the road.

8. Generals Miles and De Trobiand will notify these headquarters at Old Tavern when they have finished the repairs on the road, and each will notify the respective division commanders in their rear.

9. A train with three days' rations will follow close upon the infantry to-morrow, and these rations will be issued to-morrow night or the next morning.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 10, 1865.

1. The following change in the route of march is ordered in consequence of the bad condition of the Stafford Court-House and Dumfries

