
road. About one mile out from Falmouth on the Telegraph road the left-hand road will be taken, passing Washington's, Musselman's, and Oder's. At Oder's take the right-hand road over to Cocker's Store on Potomac, Creek, thence past Old Tavern, Hickerson's, Tusculum, thence to Bland's Ford on Wolf Run Shoals, on the Occoquan.

2. The artillery will encamp to-night in the vicinity of Old Tavern if they can find water; if not, at any convenient point this side or beyond.

3. The First Division will encamp in the vicinity of Cockley's Store.

4. The Third Division will encamp in the vicinity of Oder's.

5. The Second Division will encamp in the vicinity of Musselman's or Washington's.

6. The reserve ambulances, pontoon train, and general train, will park in rear of Second Division.

7. Rations for two days will be sent up to-night and issued at daylight to-morrow morning.

8. Corps headquarters to-night will be near Cockley's Store.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, No. 52. May 10, 1865.

I. The corps will march to-morrow as follows: First, artillery at 5 a.m.; second, Third Division at 6 a.m.; third, First Division; fourth, Second Division; fifth, ambulances and trains.

II. The pioneers of the Third Division will precede the artillery and will report to General Wainwright before 5 a.m.

The pioneers of the First and Second Divisions will precede the general train.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Danville, May 10, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding Military Division of the James, Richmond:

The local authorities at Henry Court-House report that they have there from 30,000 to 40,000 pounds of tobacco, which has been collected as tithes by the Confederate Government, and which they are holding as being now the supposed property of the United States. They also represent great destitution in their neighborhood, which has been raided by the rebel forces and by Stoneman's cavalry, and ask as a means of existing until harvest that, say, 1,500 bushels of corn be furnished them by this Government. I advise that this be done as a matter of humanity and as a means of securing order. The Court-House is some thirty-eight miles from this place. I also ask for instructions relative to the tobacco. I would also suggest that an officer, with a few men as escort, be sent to each county seat for the purpose of paroling the Confederate officers and men who may be there, and with authority to

