
administer the oath of allegiance to any disposed to take it. It will do much toward securing order. I expect to ship all the captured property and be ready to move in about two days.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

BURKEVILLE, May 10, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General KELTON:

Your dispatch of yesterday was received at 3.15 p.m. We have no cavalry at this post, but at 4 p.m. I sent out two officers and ten picked men, all mounted, in pursuit of Governor Smith.

J. E. HAMBLIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, No. 15. Danville, Va., May 10, 1865.

I. In pursuance of General Orders, No. 13, from these headquarters May 7, 1865, the following-named justices of the peace are authorized and empowered, upon their qualifying themselves by taking the prescribed oath of allegiance to the United States, to resume their functions in all that relates to the preservation of order and the re-establishment and maintenance of industry, and all military commanders are strictly enjoined to aid them to that end with the forces at their command whenever it may be necessary: First district, Daniel C. Ragsdale, John W. Jones; second district, Jos. E. Anderson, William P. Barksdale; fourth district, John W. McKinsey, James M. McDearman; sixth district; W. J. Fulton, Thomas C. Smith; seventh district, William E. Jones, Daniel Hunt, Nathaniel Hobson; eighth district, William C. Tate, S. W. Mustain; ninth district, John W. Motley, Burwell Lee, D. T. Snow; tenth district, George T. Berger, Joseph L. Howard; eleventh district, Thomas R. McDearman, W. A. J. Finney, F. C. Hubbard, B. H. Tatum.

II. The following-named inhabitants of the districts hereinafter mentioned are appointed justices of the peace for the district in which they respectively reside, with the same powers as those conferred on magistrates by paragraph I of this order, upon their qualifying themselves in the same manner: First district, Chesley Martin, John E. Hughels; second district, James M. Adams, Andrew Thompson; third district, Charles W. Flippin, Issac T. Oliver, W. F. Wilkerson, William H. C. Reynolds; fourth district, Robert A. Wilson, James J. Pritchett; fifth district, Jesse R. Noel, Sanford Fitts, E. H. Keene, Jos. H. Trotter; sixth district, Thomas M. Carter, A. G. Pritchett; seventh, district, Joshua Hubbard; eighth district, Walter Coles, jr., William H. Walter; ninth district, David Parker; tenth district, David S. Graves, R. Parker.

III. For the city of Danville the following-named officers are appointed, with powers similar to the foregoing, they having taken the prescribed oath: J. M. Walker, mayor; W. F. Clark, J. A. Smith, A. G. Taylor, J. C. Voss, G. T. Pace, W. H. Wooding, T. D. Neal, magistrates.

IV. The officers named above are fully empowered to preserve order and the maintain the security of persons and property, and will continue in the exercise of their functions until relieved by competent authority.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

