
is now held. Major-General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps likewise advanced his skirmishers well supported by his First and Third Division, and carried the enemy's intrenched skirmish-line, taking over 200 prisoners. Subsequently the enemy was re enforced and made several vigorous and determined attacks, all of which were repulsed, Humphreys capturing in these last affairs 2 battle-flags and over 400 prisoners. The fighting on this part of the line continued till near 8 o'clock. Numerous deserters have been reported since dark. Total captures reported to-day, 10 battle-flags and 2,800 prisoners Griffin's division. Fifth Corps, was sent to support Humphreys, and was engaged with the Sound Corps. Crawford's and Ayres' divisions, of the Fifth Corps, and the cavalry division were held in reserve, and promptly moved to different parts of the line.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., March 25, 1865-10.15 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Your last dispatch* was forwarded as received. It reflects great credit on the army for the promptness with which it became the attacking force after repelling an unexpected attack from the enemy. Do we now hold the intrenched picket-line captured from the enemy? I would like to know, as soon as your ascertain, the losses outside of the Ninth Corps.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 25, 1865. (Received 12.50 a. m. 26th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Wright holds his captured line. Humphreys had all of his at 8 p. m. but I authorized his retaining only such positions as in his judgment it would be advantageous to hold. Parke sends in the return of casualties in his Artillery Brigade, to be added to his previous return, 4 killed, 14 wounded, and 25 missing; total, 43. Humphreys estimates his killed and wounded at about 450; very few missing. Thinks enemy's losses in killed and wounded more than double his. Wright reported his loss small.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[MARCH 25, 1865]-5.50 A. M.

Major-General MEADE,

City Point:

Enemy are reported as having broken through our lines near Fort Stedman, and also that he is making a heavy attack on Willcox's right. I have notified corps commanders and am seeding down Wainwright's artillery. The troops around us are getting under arms.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.

---------------

* See Meade to Grant, next, ante.

8 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

---------------

