
field headquarters of the division. The usual reports and returns from the brigades will continue to be forwarded direct to these headquarters, but General McLaughlen will command the camp in all field duties.

By command of Bvt. Major General O. B. Wilcox:

W. A. NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., May 11, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Richmond:

My efforts to relieve the people from the oppression of Treasury agents and to guard the Government against fraud are exhausted. All proper representations have been made to the President.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., May 11, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: Affairs in this military division seem to be settling down quietly and satisfactory into their usual channels. The only two matters of serious embarrassment are trade and the management of the colored population. The military are now relieved from all responsibility in regard to trade, the Treasury agents having taken charge of that matter. But the management and support of freedmen and their families is a most difficult question. I have given it my most serious attention, but have adopted no definite plan or general system. I hope, however, that experiment and experience may ultimately lead to some satisfactory plan, which shall be alike beneficial to the freedmen and their former masters. I tell the former that they can make their own bargains and work for whomsoever they please, but work they must, for the Government will not support them and their families in idleness. To the former masters I say: Make the best arrangements you can with the freedmen for their labor, and the Government will interfere as little as possible. While some appear to be almost helpless as well as hopeless in this matter, many are rapidly accommodating themselves to the new condition of affairs. The idea of the restoration of slavery is almost universally given up in Virginia, and, I think, not unwillingly. My greatest anxiety is in regard to corps for this year. The planting season is so nearly over that I fear the colored population will not settle down to quiet and labor in time to raise grain enough for the coming year. In addition to the want of animals, there is a great scarcity of seed. I have urged this matter of planting upon all military commanders of districts, and upon all the inhabitants, both white and colored. I inclose General Orders, No.[6*], the only ones I have published on this subject. I have not taken any steps in regard to the reorganization of State authorities, leaving all such matters until Governor Peirpoint arrives. In the country I have left the justices of

---------------

* See May 5, p.1091.

---------------

