
RICHMOND, May 11, 1865.

(Received 5 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I am informed that General Ingalls has ordered the sale of 4,000 horses and mules in Petersburg and Richmond. Such large sales in two places almost inaccessible to farmers in the entire want of facilities for travel will throw all these animals into the hands of a few speculators without benefit to farmers and freedmen in putting in crops. Moreover, I think General Ord's request that the use of condemned animals be allowed to freedmen now located on abandoned plantations, to put in crops, should be granted. He estimates that about 100,000 negroes are now under the direction of Government agents and dependent upon them for labor, food, and clothing. Under these circumstances it will be most economical to afford them all facilities for raising crops this year. I will write you more fully.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 11, 1865. (Sent 10 a.m. 12th.)

Major-General HALLECK, Richmond:

The sale of horses proposed by Ingalls is disapproved. You will countermand it and stop the sale of any Government property in your command until first approved by you. My order was that property returns of such things as ought to be sold should be made out, intending then to direct the sale. You will please ascertain first what number of horses can be properly used by Ord and have them turned over, and designate at what places and in what numbers and on what terms the residue can be disposed of to the greatest public advantage and to guard best against speculators. I will consult General Grant, who may also give some instructions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, May 11, 1865-12.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK, Richmond, Va.:

You may order transportation for all rebel paroled prisoners now at Fort Monroe to their homes. I would not let French vessels take them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON CITY, May 11, 1865-9 p.m.

(Received 12th.)

Major-General HALLECK, Richmond, Va.:

You may suspend the sale of public animals advertised by General Ingalls until further orders. I think the condemned animals, at least a part of them, advertised will be turned over to the Freedmen's Bureau for issue.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

