
RICHMOND, VA., May 11, 1865.

Brevet Major-General MEIGS,

Washington:

No authority has been given so far as I am aware to give away or loan condemned animals. Sales of such animals in the usual manner have been advertised at different places in accordance with your suggestion. I see no good reason for countermanding such sales, as such postponement would render them useless to farmers, the planting season being nearly over.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Fairfax Station, May 11, 1865-8.45 a.m.

(Received 9.30 a.m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

I have to report my arrival at this point. The Fifth and Second Corps will reach the Occoquan to-night. Have any place selected for us to camp in? I proposed to camp in the vicinity of Arlington Mills unless you direct otherwise. I shall await here your reply.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 11, 1865-11.15 a.m.

General MEADE,

Fairfax Station:

Lieutenant-General Grant desires you to use your discretion as to the position of your camp. General Augur had been directed to look out for a position for you to facilitate matters on your arrival, and will be able to give you information as to what he has done.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 90. Washington, May 11, 1865.

Punishment of Guerrillas.

All the forces of the enemy east of the Mississippi River having been duly surrendered by their proper commanding officers to the Armies of the United States, under agreements of parole and disbandment, and there being now no authorized troops of the enemy east of the Mississippi River, it is-

Ordered, That from and after the first day of June, 1865, any and all persons found in arms against the United States, or who may commit acts of hostility against it east of the Mississippi River, will be regarded as guerrillas and punished with death. The strict enforcement and execution of this order is especially enjoined upon the commanding officers of all U. S. forces within the territorial limits to which it applies.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

