
authorize the distribution of corn or other provisions, except so far as may be necessary to prevent actual suffering and starvation. Paroles will be given to Confederate officers and soldiers who came in and surrendered, but cannot now send troops all through the country to look them up. You will continue to hold Danville and adjacent country with such troops as you may deem necessary, as the orders for your immediate return to Alexandria have been countermanded.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, No. 102. May 11, 1865.

* * * *

4. Major Thomas L. Haydn, aide-de-camp, will proceed at once to Henry Court-House for the purpose of taking charge of and forwarding to this place such tobacco and other property belonging to the so-called Confederate Government as may be found at that place and its vicinity. On the completion of this duty he will return to these headquarters. During his stay at Henry Court-House Major Haydn will perform the duties of provost-marshal, paroling such Confederate officers and men as may be there, and administering the oath of allegiance to all who may be desirous of taking it.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, No. 22. Washington, D. C., May 11, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General N. B. McLaughlen having been assigned to the command of the headquarters camp of this division on the Tennallytown road, hereafter all communications will be forwarded to him for action except the usual reports from brigades, which will be forwarded direct to these headquarters as before.

By command of Bvt. Major General O. B. Wilcox:

W. A. NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Washington, D. C., May 11, 1865. (Received 4 p.m. 12th.)

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Cavalry on way to Washington:

Major-General Sheridan directs that you carry out the following instructions of the lieutenant-general commanding:
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., May 11, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry, &amp;c.:

In view of the general order of the War Department calling for a reduction of the cavalry force, the lieutenant-general commanding directs that you at once order all officers and men of the cavalry on duty with your command that belong to regiments

