
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 48. Washington, D. C., May 12, 1865.

1. All officers and men of cavalry in the Middle Military Division belonging to regiments attached to General Sheridan's command will be at once ordered to join their proper regiments near Alexandria, Va.

2. All officers and men belonging to cavalry stationed within the division who are absent from the proper stations of their regiments will be ordered to join their regiments without delay.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Washington, D. C., May 12, 1865.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to make the following report of the number of officers and men of the late rebel army that have been paroled in this command up to May 1, 1865: Department of Washington, 51 officers, 172 enlisted men; Department of Pennsylvania, none; Department of West Virginia, 65 officers, 856 enlisted men; Army of the Shenandoah, number officers and enlisted men, 2,956, making an aggregate of 4,100 officers and men, including 332 of Mosby's command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., May 12, 1865.

Brevet Major-General McMILLAN, Grafton, W. Va.:

Immediately on receipt of this bring in the Seventy-fourth Pennsylvania from Beverly and occupy the important points only of the railroad west of New Creek to the Ohio. Relieve the Sixth West Virginia; concentrate them at Grafton, whence they will be sent to Wheeling to be mustered out. Direct the Third Maryland Potomac Home Brigade, now stationed at Buckhannon, to repair at once to Baltimore. Concentrate the Second Maryland Potomac Home Brigade, Lieutenant-Colonel Lynn, at Green Spring Run, whence they are to be sent, when concentrated, to Baltimore. It is understood that there is a company of cavalry at Beverly, and also at Buckhannon; if not, send one to each place and have all the public property not necessary for these two companies collected at Clarksburg or Webster, as may be more convenient. Send staff officers to see that these orders are executed promptly. Report progress by telegraph and receipt of this.

By order of General Emory:

TH. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 12, 1865.

Honorable EDWARDS PIEREPONT, New York:

I have written to-night to retain you and Cutting and Brady, or any one else you may desire to have associated with you, to prosecute Horace Greeley and the owners of the Tribune for Greeley's persistent

