
He offers them land to cultivate for themselves, but was no provisions for them, nor means of purchasing food or clothing. Please consult the Secretary of War, and notify me of the views of your department in regard to the canal and railroads:

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER ARMIES IN VIRGINIA,

Washington, May 13, 1865.

Brevet Major-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Under Special Orders, Numbers [75], dated headquarters Armies of the United States, City Point, April 12, 1865, I gave the necessary directions to the engineer officers of the Armies of the Potomac and James for the surveys therein required. I came up myself on the 13th with the intention of returning on the 17th to attend personally to the matter. The assassination of the President and subsequent orders from the War Department prevented this. On my return from Springfield it was still my intention to go down. The accompanying letter from Brevet Brigadier-General Michie will show that Colonel Thom has assumed control over the surveys and over the engineers I had charged with it. As chief engineer of the Military Division of the James it is probably his right. Still, it may be a matter worthy of consideration whether the surveys in question, which concern the military history of the armies lately operating against Richmond, should be taken from my hands even so far as to compel me to make them through Colonel Thom. If I have anything to do with them I should prefer that in this duty General Michie report to me and act immediately under my orders. The position of "chief engineer of Armies operating against Richmond " would not authorize me now to give orders to Colonel Thom, nor would-perhaps" of armies in the field" at the present day. I do not wish to give the lieutenant-general the least embarrassment about this matter. I am compelled to visit West Point on account of a son I have there.

I am, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

J. G. BARNARD,

Brevet Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

ENGINEER OFFICE, DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,

Richmond, Va., May 10, 1865.

Brevet Major-General BARNARD,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have just received your letter dated Washington, May 8, 1865, and proceed to answer it immediately. By order of Colonel Thom, chief engineer of the Military Division of the James, I am about to organize a party for the survey of this portion of the country, with all lines of entrenchments, works, &c. He does not wish me to avail myself of the assistance offered by the Coast Survey, judging that the engineers can do this duty as well at least as the Coast Survey. I have accordingly engaged some competent draughts men, surveyors, and assistants, and will commence at once. In obedience to

