
your instructions I have had surveyed and plotted all the isolated works about Richmond. I have duplicated some of the forts and will have them all done by the end of this week. In addition to this, I have had survey made of Fort Darling and the vicinity of Drewry's Bluff, which is not yet quite completed. With regard to accommodations down here, general, I am at a loss to know what to do. None of the staff of General Ord have had any assignment of quarters, but have been compelled to rent rooms where they could get them, and in all cases rents are exorbitant. General Ord occupies Mr. Trenholm's (late rebel treasurer) house with his family. General Halleck and his staff have Jeff. Davis' house. General Dent has the governor's mansion. I do not think that there are any vacant rooms in either of those buildings. I rented two rooms in the city for a week and then was asked to pay $100 a month for bare rent, so I moved out of town and am living about two miles from the corporate limits. I have two rooms only with the family I am living with. The only available place to go to is the Spotwood Hotel, which gives but little comfort and poor living at $4 a day. The policy of our Government here has been all for the rebels, and we have been subjected to shift for ourselves as best we could. We apply to the quartermaster for quarters, and he says he has none to give. Colonel Thom, by his position on General Halleck's staff, commands me, and I must submit my reports to him hereafter. Hoping to hear from you or see you soon,

I remain, very truly, general, your obedient servant,

PETER S. MICHIE,

Brevet Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, No. 21. May 13, 1865.

The following orders from the War Department are published to this army for the information and guidance of all concerned.

Corps and independent commanders will at once proceed to convenue the boards called for by General Orders, No. 86, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, May 9, 1865.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 77. Washington, April 28, 1865.

For reducing expenses of the military establishment.

Ordered,

* * * *

VI. That all volunteer soldiers (patients) in hospitals, except veteran volunteers, veterans of the First Army Corps (Hancock's), and enlisted men of the Veteran Reserve Corps, who require no further medical treatment, be honorably discharged from service, with immediate payment.

All officers and enlisted men who have been prisoners of war and now on furlough or at the parole camps, and all recruits in rendezvous, except those for the regular army, and the First Army Corps (Hancock's), will likewise be honorably discharged.

Officers whose duty it is, under the regulations of the service, to make out rolls and other final papers connected with the discharge and payment of soldiers, are directed to make them out without delay, so that this order may be carried into effect immediately. Commanding generals of armies and departments will look to the prompt execution of this work.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

