
the company till paid. The tolls and charges to be one-half of present rates. In submitting the foregoing suggestions I have proceeded upon the idea that the canal will be more or less required for military purposes, especially should troops be stationed at Lynchburg.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. HOWARD,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the James.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,March 15, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, approved.

It is very necessary for troops going there.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, PETERSBURG, &amp;C., VA.,May 13, 1865.

Major General G. WEITZEL,

Commanding Twenty-fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Many complaints are made at this headquarters of depredations committed by soldiers of the Twenty-fifth Army Corps, consisting principally in the destruction of buildings and the exciting of the colored people to acts of outrage against the persons and property of white citizens. It is asserted that the buildings are destroyed that the boards and timbers may be used to build huts and quarters for the soldiers, and the bricks of chimneys are carried off, probably for the same purpose. Colored soldiers are represented as having straggled about advising negroes not to work on the farms, where they are employed, and been told by the soldiers that if they had not arms to use against their former masters that they (the soldiers) would furnish them. Such acts must create discord and discontent, and should be stopped at once.

Believing that these facts need only be brought to your knowledge to insure their correction,

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DISTRICT OF ALEXANDRIA, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Alexandria, Va., May 13, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Washington:

COLONEL: In compliance with telegram of 9th instant I have the honor to make the following report of the number of volunteers of cavalry in this command whose terms of service will expire prior to October 1, 1865: Second Cavalry Division-Twenty-first New York Cavalry, 132; Third Massachusetts Cavalry, 306; detachment First New York (Lincoln) Cavalry, 60. Total, 498. First Separate Brigade-Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, 774; Thirteenth New York Cavalry, 66. Total, 840. Grand total, 1,338.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

