HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 14, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, War Department, Washington:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the circular of the 9th instant from your office, and to report that the necessary orders have been given to carry into effect its requirements, as far as they relate to this army.

Very respectfully,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, No. 22. May 14, 1865.

The following circular from the War Department is published to this army for the information and guidance of all concerned.* Corps commanders will at once forward to these headquarters reports of officers and men to be discharged by virtue of these instructions, and the chief commissary of musters of this army will give such orders as are necessary to carry them into effect so far as his department is concerned.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. F. BARSTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 14, 1865.

1. The troops will remain in camp to-day. Commanders will take measures to prevent straggling.

2. To-morrow, the 15th instant, they will move to the camps selected near Four-Mile Run within the limits assigned to the Second Corps. The inspector-general will indicate to division and artillery commanders the grounds that have been selected for them.

3. The troops will move in the order in which they are encamped on the road-artillery, First Division, Third Division, and Second Division, the march commencing at 8 a.m.

4. The chief quartermaster of the corps has been directed to supply the troops with fuel.

5. All necessary precaution will be taken by commanders of troops to prevent the injury of dwelling-houses, out-houses, orchards, gardens, fruit trees, grain and grass crops, fences, &amp;c.

6. A chain of sentinels will be established, encircling the corps, to prevent straggling and unauthorized absences from the division and train camps. The portion to be guarded by each division will be assigned after the arrival of the troops in camp. A general officer of the day will be detailed from these headquarters, a field officer of the day being furnished by each division for duty with its guard.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See Townsend to Halleck and other army and department commanders, p.1118.

---------------

