
RICHMOND, VA., May 15, 1865-2.30 p. m.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have just completed the examination of Mr. Hunter's papers captured at his house. They will be sent to you to-morrow morning by a special messenger. Among them is a letter written by Beverly Tucker from Montreal, with inclosure of most suspicious character, and calculated, I think, to throw light on the Canadian plot and it connection with rebel authorities here.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 15, 1865-4.30 p. m.

General HALLECK:

In examining papers please given instructions to preserve and forward everything, no matter how unintelligible or insignificant in appearance, bearing the similitude of a cipher. We have the key that will decipher, and important discoveries are being made.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., May 15, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I send herewith the papers captured at the house of Mr. R. M. T. Hunter. I have carefully examined them and find none of any apparent importance, except those in a separate envelope, marked confidential, viz, a letter within closures from Beverly Tucker. The letter is signed "B," and in in Tucker's handwriting, as can be readily proved. It will be noticed that the paper of tow of the inclosure has the water-mark "B. T." By comparing the papers with others of Tucker's and Sanders' additional links in the chain of evidence may be supplied. I did not examine the Sanders papers, but directed General Patrick to seal them and send them forward immediately by a trusty messenger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

PHILADELPHIA, May 15, 1865.

(Received 11.30 a. m.)

General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

Please have tow rooms secured for me at the hotel. If I feel sufficiently well to travel I will got to Washington (Mrs. Grant with me) to-morrow. I am now too unwell to sit up any length of time, and cannot tell when I shall be better. Knowing the almost absolute necessity for my presence in Washington worries me very much.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

