
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 94. Washington, May 15, 1865.

The following regulations are announced and will be observed in discharging from service such volunteers as are hereafter to be mustered out with their regimental or company organizations:

I. Army corps, or a least the divisions thereof, will be kept intact, and, immediately upon receipt of an order directing any portion of the forces to be mustered out, commanding generals of armies and departments will orders the said troops (if not already thereat) to one of the following rendezvous, viz:

1. Middle Military Division and troops of other armies or departments arriving therein-Defenses of Washington, D. C., Harper's Ferry, Va., and Cumberland, Md.

2. Military Division of the James-Richmond and Old Point Comfort, Va.

3. Department of North Carolina-New Berne and Wilmington.

4. Department of the South-Charleston, S. C., and Savannah, Ga.

5. Military Division of West Mississippi-Mobile, Ala., New Orleans, La., and Vicksburg, Miss.

6. Military Division of the Missouri-Little Rock, Ark., Saint Louis, Mo., and Fort Leavenworth, Kans.

7. Department of the Cumberland-Nashville, Knoxville, and Memphis, Tenn.

8. Department of Kentucky-Louisville.

9. Middle Department-Baltimore, Md.

Commanding generals of armies and departments are authorized to change the aforesaid places of rendezvous, should the public interests so demand. For the Departments of the East, Pennsylvania, Northern, Northwest, New Mexico, and Pacific, such special orders will be given from the Adjutant General's Office relative to the troops therein serving as may be demanded by circumstances as the time for discharge is approached.

II. In case of one or more regiments of a division being mustered out, the division remaining in the field, said regiment or regiments will be mustered out at the place where found serving at the time, and then placed en route to the State, as hereinafter directed.

III. The Adjutant-General of the Army will designate places of rendezvous in the respective States to which the regiments, after muster out, will be forwarded for payment.

IV. Upon arrival at the rendezvous where the musters out are to take place a critical examination of the regimental and company records, books, &amp;c., will be made, and in case of omissions the proper commanders will be made to supply them, and make all the interest as enjoined by the Army Regulations. At the same time the muster-out rolls will be commenced and prepared, in accordance with existing regulations, under the direction of the assistant commissaries of musters of divisions, superintended by the corps commissaries. Corps and department commanders will see that the work is pushed with energy and executed promptly, using to this end division and brigade commanders to superintend it, and their respective staff officers to aid the mustering officers in collecting the data for the muster-out rolls and discharge papers, as well as the preparation of the same. In framing the rolls particular care must be exercised in stating balances of bounty payable. (See General Orders, Numbers 84, current series, from this office.)

73 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

