
V. So soon as the rolls of a regiment are completed the said command, with its arms, colors, and necessary equipage, will be placed en route to its State, and to the rendezvous therein, at or nearest which it was mustered in. En route, and after arrival in the State, the following will be observed:

1. Immediately on arrival at the State rendezvous the regiment will be reported to and taken control of by the chief mustering officer for the State, or his assistant at the point. The said officers will lend all needful assistance in their power to the paymasters with the view to prompt payment of the troops.

2. The regimental officers will be held to a strict accountability for the discipline of their commands and preservation of public property.

3. The commissary of musters of the division to which the regiment belonged in the field will take possession of the copies of muster-out rolls intended for the field and staff, companies and paymasters, also the company and regimental records, with all surplus blank rolls, returns, discharges, &amp;c., in possession of regimental and company commanders, or other officers, and after boxing them up place them, whilst en route, under the special charge of a discreet and responsible officer of the regiment. The sole duty of said officer will be to care for and preserve said rolls and records whilst en route, and on arrival at the State rendezvous, where payment is to be made, to turn them over to the chief mustering officer or his assistant at that place.

4. Paymasters will be designated by the Pay Department to meet regiments at the designated State rendezvous, and there make final payments, obtaining for that purpose the rolls from the mustering officer thereat.

5. Whilst troops are awaiting payment supplies will be furnished by the respective supply departments, on the usual requisitions and returns, countersigned by the chief mustering officer or his assistant.

6. Until after payment, and the final discharge of the troops, the chief mustering officer will look to their being kept together and under discipline.

7. The chief mustering officer will, under regulations to be established by himself, take possession of and carefully preserve the regimental and company records, also the colors, with the respective regiments, and hold them subject to orders from the Adjutant-General of the Army.

8. As soon as practicable after arrival at the State rendezvous the chief mustering officers, or his assistant, will see that the arms and other public property brought to the State by the troops are turned over to the proper officer of the supply department thereat.

VI. In preparing the muster-out rolls, corps, department, division, and brigade commanders will hold regimental officers to a strict accountability in order to insure accurate and complete records of the enlisted men, and the better to established the just claims of the non-commissioned officers and privates who have been wounded, or of the representatives of those who have died from disease or wounds, or been killed in battle.

VII. Prior to the departure of regiments from the rendezvous where mustered out all public property (except arms, colors, and equipage required en route) will be turned over to and cared for by the proper officers of the supply departments concerned.

VIII. What is prescribed in the foregoing for a regimental will be applicable to a battery of artillery or an independent company.

