
IX. At the respective State rendezvous the following is ordered, viz:

1. The Paymaster-General will be prepared to have a sufficient force of paymaster to insure prompt payments.

2. The Quartermaster-General and Commissary-General of subsistence will be prepared to have a suitable number of officers of their respective bureaux to provide supplies, transportation, &amp;c., and receipt for public property.

3. The Chief of Ordnance will arrange to have a suitable number of offices of his bureaus to receive the arms, accouterments, &c.

X. The attention of commanding generals of armies and departments is directed to the importance of regimental and company officers having their records so completed and arranged that at any time the mustered rolls may be prepared without delay.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,May 15, 1865.

Major VAN BROCKLIN,

Commanding Bride Train, at Staunton River Bridge:

The major-general commanding directs that you move the bridge now near the railroad up the river, and throw it across at the point where the corps crossed the river on its march to this place. The point is designated s Clark's Ferry. After the trains and artillery have crossed you will take up the bridge and follow the column to Manchester. A copy of the order of march has been sent you to Roankoke Station. Please inform me at once by telegram how many feet of bridge you have in your train.

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

Danville, Va., May 15, 1865.

The Third Division will move to Manchester by rail, the first train starting at 6 a. m. to-morrow, to be followed by others as rapidly as transportation can be furnished.

The Second Division will follow the Third.

The First Division will join the others ta Manchester, moving via Petersburg in time to reach the point of concentration by the night of the 20th instant, the troops being moved by rail if practicable.

The artillery, ambulances, and wagons at this point will start by road for Burkeville at 5 a. m. to-morrow, being joined on the road by all wagons of the corps between those points. Reaching Burkeville the artillery, with its trains, including ambulances, and the artillery now with the First Division, will proceed to City Point, where transportation to Washington by water has been provided. All other trains will move to Manchester, and having parked will await further orders.

All detachments and safeguards,, excepting those on the line of the railroad to Burkeville, will be called in in time to move with their

