
respective commands. The Ninth New York Artillery will follow the Second Division, its commanding officer giving the necessary instructions to the companies stationed at the different posts.

The batteries will send their ammunition chests and reserve ammunition by rail to City Point, and all small-arm ammunition (with the exception of that on the persons of the troops) will be sent in the same way to the same place, to be there turned in.

On starting the troops will be supplied with four days' small rations and tow days' meat, and the artillery and trains will take five days' forage and subsistence, and four days' and additional supplies at Burkeville.

Each mounted officer and mounted orderly will be furnished transportation by rail for one horse only, all other authorized animals must accompany the trains.

Brevet Major-General Ricketts, commanding Third Division, will detail a small regiment to accompany the trains to Manchester as a guard, with five days' rations from to-morrow morning, to be replenished at Burkeville. Headquarters cavalry escort will also accompany the trains.

The pontoon train at Staunton River will move to Manchester as soon as the wagons of the corps have crossed the river. This train will accompany the corps to Washington.

Twelve wagons and three ambulances, the latter to be turned over by the medial director, will be retained by the corps quartermaster for the use of the troops, to be turned over after the troops have left to the detachment from the Twenty-fourth Army Corps, which is to be stationed at this point.

The chiefs of the quartermaster, commissary, and medical departments will issue the necessary orders in conformity with the above.

All provision having been made for all necessary supplies, both for men and animals, all foraging along the route by either officers or men is strictly for bidden, and any violation of this orders will be promptly and severely punished.

Lieutenant Colonel W. S. Franklin, assistant inspector-general of the corps, will indicate the ground for the camping of the troops and the parking of the trains at Manchester.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,Near Lynchburg, May 15, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Military Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet in the town of Lynchburg, but in the counties of Amherst, Campbell, and Appomattox, there is trouble brewing. I have one regiment at Lynchburg, one squadron of which is at Amherst Court-House. One regiment I send to-day to Appomattox Court-House; two regiments I have with me at this point midway between Concord and Lynchburg. The trouble in Appomattox County arises from an unfair and unjust seizure and distribution of

