
abandoned property, such as horses, mules, wagons, leather, some wool and cotton. Sheriff Hix of Appomattox County has been acting under the following instructions:

OFFICE CHIEF QUARTERMASTER TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Appomattox, Va., April 15, 1865.

William D. Hix, sheriff of the county of Appomattox, Va., is hereby authorized to distribute such abandoned property of the surrendered Army of Northern Virginia, lately commanded by Robert E. Lee, C. S. Army, among the deserving destitute inhabitants of this vicinity as may be left behind on the departure of the U. S. forces, and authorize the persons to whom such distribution is made to retain such property subject to further orders from competent authority. All persons whom have in possession such property unauthorized will be considered as being in unlawful possession of the same without the authorization of Sheriff William D. Hix, his representative or such person or persons as he may delegate to give such authorizations. Sheriff Hix will keep a record of his distribution and report the same to me by public conveyance to Washington, D. C., on or before June 1, 1865.

A. B. LAWRENCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Twenty-fourth Army Corps.

He has exceeded his authority, and with an armed force of citizens and paroled prisoners takes horses from what he terms common people and turns them over to those that hitherto have been termed wealthy planters. Said common people have been organizing and arming a force for their own defense. On the 13th instant I arrested Sheriff Hix with a party of seventeen armed men, ten of whom were paroled prisoners, destroyed their arms, ordered all citizens to return tot heir homes and resume their peaceful occupations, with instructions that said property should be disposed of in accordance with orders from Major-General Halleck Sheriff Hix has not been confined to his own county, but had sent parties into Amherst and Campbell, and in the later county one man was shot who refused to give up his horse. There has been no bushwhacking in this country, but considerable robbing by paroled prisoners and men who have never been paroled and who do not live in this State, together with some bount-jumpers from the U. S. Army. They are now either hidden in the mountains or have fled the county; the great mass of the people want law and order and some think under present circumstances they are incapable of governing themselves. I have no reliable information as to the whereabouts of Governor "Extra Billy" Smith. It appears Mosby has gone south with 100 followers. His last remark on leaving his father's house was "I am an outlaw, and self-preservation is the first law of nature." I received the following telegram on the 14th instant and await your reply:

SALEM, VA., May 13, 1865.

U. S. PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Lynchburg:

A Federal force is said to be approaching by way of Sweet Spring, authorized to collect Government property. Has such an order been issued? Are they Federal troops to whom we must submit, or a band of robbers whom we may resist?

JOHN A. GRIFFIN,

(And other citizens.)

The Virginia and Tennessee Railroad is running sixty miles west of Lynchburg. The Orange and Alexandria road have a force of forty men at work and think they can have it in running order in four or six weeks. There are no available supplies in the country. I have fourteen wagons hauling from Burkeville to Farmville, thence to this point by rail. With occasional assistance from General Wheaton I can transport sufficient stores and forage from Burkeville. I send supplies for the regiment at Lynchburg, six miles by canal. Very few of the plant-

