
ers will agree to pay the negroes for working, but think they should work for nothing as heretofore, or leave the country. I have been obliged to take some horses marked U. S. for the use of my command. Shall I take all U. S. horses that have not been properly purchased from the Government, if necessary?

I have repaired the telegraph wire from Farmville to this point; will have it finished to Lynchburg by the 16th, at which place I will establish my headquarters. I have with me the operator from farmville, being the nearest operator that I could avail myself of. Please have an operator and instrument sent to Farmville to take the operator's place that I have.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. B. M. YOUNG,

Commanding Brigade.

RICHMOND, May 16, 1865.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

All telegraph lines in Virginia and North Carolina being in our possession, and nearly all railroads having been turned over to loyal officers of their companies, it would seem proper that telegraph wire and railroad machinery should no longer be considered contraband. Such machinery is absolutely necessary to put the roads and mail lines in operation. General Schofield has captured the rebel War Department archives taken from here. I have ordered their careful preservation and transmission to Assistant Secretary Dana.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, May 16, 1865-10.05 p. m.

General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

Will Mosby be admitted to parole with the other officer of Rosser's command, to which he belongs? The question is asked to determine the action of Mosby and some others who would probably follow him out of the country if he goes. Shall a definite answer be given, or shall it be said that he and other will learn the action of the United States Government after they acknowledge its authority?

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 23. May 16, 1865.

With a view to facilitate the rendition of the lists of officers of volunteers serving with the light artillery of this army, required by General Orders, Numbers 86, current series, from the Adjutant-General's Office, the chief of artillery at these headquarters will be considered as s corps commander, and will appoint the boards to determine the relative merits of these officers, under the provisions of the order cited.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

