
ing forges, lot of horse and mule shoes. I believe from my observation of the condition of the farmers that it would be to the interest of the Government to take charge at once of all freedmen, women, and children, whose former owners do not desire to keep them, and institute work-houses and farms to make their labor sustain them as nearly as it possibly can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILBERT H. McKIBBIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

LYNCHBRUG, May 16, 1865-7.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

In accordance with paragraph 1, President's order of May 9, 1865, citizens of Lynchburg have given up everything to military authority. Soldiers and citizens come hourly to take the parole and oath of allegiance. Please send copies of both.

S. B. M. YOUNG,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Camp Lincoln, Va., May 16, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Armies in the Field, Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: I have heard through several unofficial sources that the troops of my corps are charged with having committed an unusual amount of irregularities while in and about Richmond, and that these reports have reached the ears of some of the highest commanding officers in the service. As I have a telegram from my immediate commander, Major General E. O. C. Ord, commanding Department of Virginia, that nearly all of the irregularities complained of were committed by black and white cavalry, which either did not belong to my corps, or had been with it but for a few days; as I know positively that others were committed by the convicts in soldiers' clothing, liberated by the rebels from the penitentiary at the evacuation of Richmond, and as I with my two division commanders, Byt. Major General A. V. Kautz and Byt. Brigadier General R. H. Jackson, both officers of experience in the regular army, believe the troops of this corps to be not only as well behaved and as orderly as the average of other troops, but even more so, I respectfully request to know whether any such charge as above referred to has been either officially or unofficially made by any responsible person. The behavior of my entire corps during the last month has been most excellent. Only one complaint has been made by the people of the vicinity, and this I traced to troops that did not belong to it.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,May 18, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

I do not consider the behavior of the colored corps from what I have heard to have been bad, considering the novelty of their position and

