
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, May 17, 1865-9 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond:

General Grant is here with his wife, and is sick. It is not safe for him to be at a hotel, and he is reluctant to go into a private family. He would go into your house for awhile if agreeable to you. Will you invite him to do so while your family are absent.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, May 17, 1865.

Byt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General of the Army:

Provide ocean transportation, with as little delay as practicable, for the Twenty-fifth Army Corps, making about 20,000 men now at City Point, Va., together with one-half of its present land transportation, say about 200 wagons and 800 mules, forty days' rations for the above number of men, and the necessary forage for the animals of the command. You will please report to Major-General Halleck, at Richmond, when the transportation will reach City Point.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 17, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Military Division of the James, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I return last night from Philadelphia, and find this morning your dispatch of the 13th, upon repairs of railroads and canals. I understand that, except to supply troops under military necessity, the appropriations of the Quartermaster's Department cannot be property applied to the repairs and reconstruction of railroads or canals; no can the freedmen be employed at the cost of the United States, except on work necessary to military operations. The policy of the department as announced in its orders and instructions is to stop work on all railroads not required absolutely by military necessity, to reduce its expenditure by discharge of all unnecessary laborers, workmen, and agents. I add for your information that even with all the reduction which we may be able to effect, I fear that the appropriations made at the last session will not hold out until Congress meets. There was a vast debt incurred by this department in the great movement and operations which finally concentrated the armies in the Southeastern States and overwhelmed the rebellion. This debt is being paid off, and it will consume a large part of the appropriation. If any parties are allowed to operate a railroad they should be paid at the established Government rates for any service they render the United States. Taking the amnesty oath may save to an individual his right to hi won property. I doubt whether it establishes him as of right a president or director in a railroad or other corporation which he had controlled in the interest of rebels, seizing the stock and dividends of loyal stockholders, and excluding them from voting for four years.

