
It seems to me that in Virginia it will be better to keep the military authorities and the appropriations of the quartermaster's department free from complication in this matter by giving no right of possession or occupancy to any of these parties. Their roads which are occupied and run by the United State I think should be turned over, as soon as the United States can spare them, to the Board of Public Work of Virginia, which owns, generally, three-fifths of the railroad and other public works. Let the conflicting claims to ownership of stock be settled by the courts of competent jurisdiction. When the time comes I propose that we sell the rolling stock which belongs to the United States has not occupied, stocked, repaired, or worked I would leave to whoever appeared to be in actual possession, requiring only that every man employed should take the oath, and excluding or arresting all who declined to do so. On the re-establishment of civil government all these questions will be settled without interference of the military authorities, except to uphold decision of civil tribunals where necessary. The Quartermaster's Department will endeavor to relieve itself from the burden of carrying the railroads, as fast as is possible with due regard to questions of military supply. I would state no account with any roads which have been occupied by the United States. The United States did not take them from loyal stockholders, but captured them from rebel armies. I would pay nothing for use of them; charge nothing for repairs. I would leave upon them the iron and the timber and permanent material now there, whether found there when taken possession of or placed there by the United States, and charge nothing for this property, and would pay nothing for what was captured. But all movable property, engines, machinery, wood, &amp;c., I would sell at public sale on the best terms I could make for the interests of the United States. Army rolling stock captured on the railroads should be returned to the railroad to which it appeared to have belonged before the war. I have talked with the Secretary of war, and am to make to him a report. I think that he will concur generally in these views, but of course cannot speak with authority until such time as he takes action upon the official report. Claims are coming here for these roads, and for their use; offers to lease the Southern roads from the United States; claims to pay interest on bonds; to payment for rolling stock taken from the road in rebellion; claims by disloyal men, who have taken the amnesty oath, to be allowed to take possession of and operate road now in our possession, even at Alexandria, Va., and claims from the government of Virginia that the Board of Public Works shall be allowed to take possession of the railroads in that State. I do not doubt that some general principles will be settled in a short time, upon which definite and consistent action can be based.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General and Brevet Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 17, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

The railroad construction corps is to be reduced and disbanded as soon as possible, to save expense. As the military railroad from City Point has not been used since the occupation of Petersburg, and as it is the property of the United States and the material is valuable, I

