
directed that the corps be employed for the present in taking up and removing this material with a view to its sale. If it is left for accommodation of the disloyal railroads until our railroad force is disbanded the United States will lose possession and lose the value of the material. It can be taken up now with little cost comparatively. I think it ought to be taken up at once. If as military commander you find it necessary to return if for military use you could suspend the work, but if our do I fear you will inflict a heavy loss upon the United States. The post of City Point should be retained as a military depot, at least until we get all our material away. There will be a rush of squatters and speculators to get possession there.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 25. May 17, 1865.

The following telegram from the War Department is published to this army for the information and guidance of all concerned:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 16, 1865.

Major-General MEADE:

The Secretary of War directs that the provisions of General Orders, 77, current series, be extended to include all patients who (although requiring further medical treatment) are able to travel, and desire to be discharged; also, all men yet in hospitals, recently transferred to the Veteran Reserve Corps, as soon as the interests of the public service will permit. The order for the discharge from hospitals should be liberally interpreted.

The word "patients," in telegram of May 3, was intended to include all enlisted men who were in hospitals, except the guards and nurses of the Veteran Reserve Corps.

SAMUEL BRECK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The telegram of May 3, above referred to, will be found in General Orders, Numbers 20, current series, from these headquarters, as of date May 4, 1865.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 26. May 17, 1865.

The following telegram from the War Department is publish to this army for the information and guidance of all concerned:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 17, 1865.

General GEORGE G. MEADE:

The Secretary of War directs that all volunteer organizations of white troops in your command whose terms of service expire between this date and September 30 next, inclusive, be immediately mustered out of service. The muster out will be made with existing regimental and company organizations, and under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 94, of the 15th instant, from this office. All men in the aforesaid organizations whose terms of service expire subsequent to October 1,

