
1865, will be transferred to other organizations from the same State to veteran regiments, when practicable, and, when not practicable, to regiments having the longest time to serve. It is proper to add that this order will discharge as follows:

First. The three-years regiments that were mustered into service under the call of July 2, 1862, and prior to October 1, of that year.

Second. Three-years' recruits mustered into service for old regiments between the same dates.

Third. One-yard men for new and old organizations who entered the service between May 17 and October 1, 1864.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No muster out of any regiment or independent organization will be made under these instructions till the order therefor in each case shall have issued from these headquarters. As a necessary preliminary thereto the commissary of musters of the corps in which the troops may be serving will forward to these headquarters his certificate that the requirements of General orders, Numbers 94, current series, from the Adjutant-General's Office, have been fully complied with, and upon the approval of such certificate the requisite orders for the muster out will be given. The corps commissary of musters will accompany his certificate with a report of the number of officers and men of the regiments or organizations to be mustered out in each case.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 95. Washington, May 17, 1865.

* * *

II. Major General P. H. Sheridan is relieved from the command of the Middle Military Division and is assigned to general command west of the Mississippi River, south of the Arkansas River. Major-General Sheridan will report to Lieutenant-General Grant for instructions.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[MAY 17, 1865.-For Grant to Sheridan, conveying instructions for the guidance of the latter in his new field of duties west of the Mississippi, see Vol. XLIX.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., May 17, 1865.

Major-General GIBBON,

Commanding Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you designate two regiments to be detailed from the these headquarters for duty at Danville and Burkeville, respectively, and direct the commanding officer to report in person at these headquarters, for instructions, as

