
soon as possible. These regiments will constitute permanent garrisons and should be selected with due reference to the capacity and general fitness of the commanding officer for the position.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FREDERICKSBURG, May 17, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Richmond, Va.:

It is understood that the proclamation of President Johnson does away with all civil law in the State. Most of the county officers of this district have taken the oath of allegiance, but under the proclamation will not act. All the thieves and rascals in the country are taking advantage of this situation of affairs to carry on their depredations, and the people look to me from far and near for protection and for the adjustment of all their petty quarrels. Can there not be a commission established that will have the power to try and punish these offenders? They are becoming very troublesome. There will have to be some law, either civil or military, established in each county before very long.

E. V. SUMNER,

Colonel, Commanding District.

RICHMOND, VA., May 17, 1865.

Colonel E. V. SUMNER,

Commanding, Fredericksburg, Va.:

You will have to make a military post in each county with detachments and scouting parties; let justices of the peace and magistrates throughout each county act; organize home guards. Seize and punish under your orders criminals where they cannot forward them to you, and you will have to shoot guerrillas, horse-thieves, or marauders.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,May 17, 1865.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington, Washington, D. S.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that your order the One hundred and fifty-sixth Indiana to proceed to New Creek, nine miles west of Cumberland, instead of Cumberland, as directed yesterday.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. B. PARSONS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

