SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 239. Washington, May 18, 1865.

* * *

6. A review, with marching salute, of the Army of the Potomac, the Army of the Tennessee, the Army of Georgia, and General Sheridan's cavalry will take place on Tuesday and Wednesday, the 23rd and 24th instant. On Tuesday, the 23rd instant, will be reviewed the Army of the Potomac, General Sheridan's cavalry, and the Ninth Corps, all under the command of Major General George G. Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac. On Wednesday, the 24th instant,w ill be reviewed the Army of the Tennessee, Major General O. O. Howard commanding, and the Army of Georgia, Major General H. W. Slocum commanding, the whole under the command of Major General W. T. Sherman. The following will be the order of march: The head of column will each day rest on Maryland avenue at foot of Capitol Hill, moving at precisely 9 a. m., passing around the Capitol to Pennsylvania avenue, thence up the avenue to the Aqueduct Bridge and across to their camp. The troops will be without knapsacks, marching at company front, closed in mass, and at route step, except between Fifteenth street and New york avenue and Seventeenth street, where the cadence step will be observed. Each brigade will be accompanied by six ambulances, passing three abreast.

The reviewing officer will be stationed in front of the President's house, where provisions will be made for members of the Cabinet, heads of military and civil departments, governors of States, members of Congress, and Corps Diplomatique. The Ninth Army Corps, Major-General Parke commanding will report to Major-General Meade for the review. Major General C. C. Augur, commanding Department of Washington, will have the necessary guards posted in the streets along the route, keeping the street clear of all horsemen and carriages, except those of the proper offices, heads of military or covil-departments or Corps Diplomatique, and such other arrangements as are necessary to facilitate the review.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE JAMES, Numbers 7. Richmond, Va., May 18, 1865.

I. The President's proclamation in regard to former officers of the rebel government in Virginia does not apply to clerks of record courts, sheriffs, and local magistrates, retained in office or appointed under military orders. Officers so retained or a pointed derive their authority from the de facto military government and not from their election or appointment under any former government. They are therefore directly responsible to the military power for their conduct and the proper performance of their duties.

II. No civil officer will be appointed or retained in office by military authority who has not voluntarily taken the oath of allegiance or who does not come without the provisions of the Amnesty Proclamation. As soon as the proper civil officers in any county, city, or town are duly

