
WASHINGTON, D. C., May 19, 1865-8.15 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

Lieutenant-General Grant desires that you will order all officers and men at the dismounted cavalry camp near City Point belonging to the cavalry commanded by Major General Sheridan, now near this city, to join their respective regiments with as little delay as practicable.

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 19, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Commanding Military Division of the James, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: The following is a copy of a telegram sent to your address yesterday:

Steamers sufficient to move 10,000 troops with the share of wagons and animals ordered to accompany them, will, if not detained by unforeseen accidents, reach City Point by noon of to-morrow, 19th. Steam-ships for the remaining 10,000 will reach that point in three or four days.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General and Brevet Major-General, U. S. Army.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. THOMAS,

Assistant Quartermaster-General and Brevet Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, May 19, 1865.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Order General Miles to report to my headquarters without delay to receive special orders. He should come in to-night prepared to leave Washington at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 19, 1865.

Major ECKERT,

Telegraph Office, Washington:

It is respectfully recommended that telegraph lines in Virginia and North Carolina which are to be held for military purposes be also opened to private business and that those not to be so held be turned over to their companies for repair and operation. It is very desirable that the line from Lychburg to Tennessee should be reopened for communication down the valley as it will be necessary to send troops there on account of the unsettled condition of the country. Line works well to Fredericksburg and could be opened from there to Washington so as to avoid the difficulties of the bay and river route. I do not think that any lines in Virginia or North Carolina will hereafter be disturbed.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

