
WASHINGTON, May 19, 1865.

Captain J. W. MASON,

Commanding Detachment Fifth Cavalry:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs that a guard consisting of three non-commissioned officers and fifteenth privates be furnished daily from your command, until further orders, for his quarters in Georgetown (the quarters recently occupied by Major-General Halleck). One sentinel will be placed constantly over the stables, one sentinel in front of the house, and at night the guard around the house will be increased to four sentinels. Camp accommodations will be found on the premises for the accommodation of the guard and their horses. The officer of the day for your command will daily report to the assistant adjutant-general at these headquarters for further instructions respecting the guard.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-The guard to be furnished from your command will relieve the detachment of the Veteran Reserve Corps now at the quarters in Georgetown, at 9 a. m. to-morrow.

T. S. B.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 243. Washington, May 19, 1865.

* * *

7. Byt. Major General N. A. Miles, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac, and will immediately proceed to fort Monroe, and from there report by telegraph to and await orders from Major General H. W. Halleck, commanding Military Division of the James. He has permission to take with him the following-named officers, serving on his staff while commanding First Division, Second Army Corps: Major N. Church, Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers; Captain J. D. Black, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 241 Washington, May 19, 1865.

* * *

54. Major E. B. Parsons, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, now on duty at headquarters Middle Military Division, will report immediately to Major-General Sheridan, U. S. Army, for orders.

* * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

