
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 58. Richmond, Va., May 19, 1865.

All officers and enlisted men on duty with the Twenty-fifth Army Corps, who do not belong tot hat corps, will be at once relieved and ordered to report to their respective commands.

By command of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., May 19, 1865.

Major General W. MERRITT,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The lieutenant-general commanding directs that the troops under your command move with as little delay as practicable from the camps they now occupy to grounds in the vicinity of Bladensborg which will be indicated by Colonel W. r. Price, acting assistant inspector-general Cavalry Bureau, and also that you report for instructions regarding the review appointed to take place on Tuesday next, to Major-General Meade, commanding the Army of the Potomac, under whose orders the cavalry has been placed for that occasion. The brigade of horse artillery, commanded by Captain Robertson, has been directed to report to you for the purpose of moving with the cavalry at the review on Tuesday.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 19, 1865.

Major General GEORGE CROOK, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Cavalry:

The lieutenant-general commanding directs me to instruct you to report to Major General George G. Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac, with your command, for the review to take place on the 23rd instant.

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

RICHMOND, VA., May 19, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

Byt. Brigadier General R. H. Jackson, lieutenant-colonel and inspector-general, Department of Virginia, is commanding a division of Twenty-fifth Army Corps. Shall he go south with the corps or remain with his department? If made a full brigadier-general it would settle the question. Shall Brevet Brigadier-General Michie, first lieutenant of engineers and lieutenant-colonel and inspector-general, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, go with Twenty-fifth Corps or remain here as lieutenant

