
WILSON'S LANDING, May 19, 1865.

General CARR:

(Care of General Ferrero, Petersburg.)

I have just received the following telegram:

Transfer that part of your command on the north side of the James River to City Point and assume command there. Take with you to depots at Wilson's Wharf.

By order of Major-General Ord:

E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

A. W. ANGEL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Post.

CLARKSBURG, W. VA., May 19, 1865.

Major J. W. SHAW,

Commanding, Weston:

You are charged with the immediate execution of the following orders: Company K, Seventeenth West Virginia Infantry, ow stationed at Weston, will proceed without delay to Jacksonville, W. Va., and relieve Company K, Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, now on duty at that place. Upon being relieved by Company K, Seventeenth west Virginia Infantry, Company K, Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, now stationed at Jacksonville, will march to Weston, W. Va., and report to Major J. W. Shaw, Eighth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, commanding at that place.

By order of Colonel C. H. Day:

JAS. P. WILKINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

NEAR CARTERSVILLE, VA., May 20, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

SIR: Having exercised the executive power of the State government of Virginia, under an election by the people, from the 1st of January, 1864, until General Lee's surrender, and since only with a view to the preservation of public order, and having endeavored, in vain, through a note to General Grant and a communication to President Johnson, to learn the views of the Federal authorities, and having recently seen that to Governor Peirpoint has been assigned the duty of reorganizing the State government, I have concluded to address you this letter, to which I respectfully ask a reply. Since the evacuation of Richmond I have mixed freely with large numbers of my fellow citizens, and I am perfectly satisfied that the general opinion is to yield without further resistance to the necessity they are under and to accept in good faith the new order of things which they understand is proposed for them. I have advocated and labored to strengthen such opinion. My highest duty to the people who have so much honored me is to hasten forward, by precept and example, the pacification of the State, and as I have heretofore, so I still propose honestly to perform this duty. although Governor Peirpoint is not placed in authority by vote of the people, he will meet with no factious opposition, the grand duty of pacification and readjustment, in conformity with the Federal Constitution, being, under the circumstances, paramount to all others.

