
With these views I was prepared to take the amnesty oath to support the Constitution of the United States, and should have visited Richmond before this for the purpose; but I have just learned that a reward is offered for my arrest, rom which I must infer that I should be imprisoned were I to do so. Now I am too old (being in my sixty-eighth year) to be confined without great danger to my health, but if it be the desire of the Federal Government to have control of my person, I will, by permission, retire to my home in Fauquier County, and will also give bond and security promptly to respond to the requisition of Federal authority. I trust this will be satisfactory. I beg, general, you will believe I have written what I mean in the spirit of frankness and sincerity which, I think, has characterized my long and somewhat eventful life. My son, Lieutenant-Colonel Smith, who has been paroled, will hand you this, and will be pleased to receive your reply.

I am, general, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. SMITH.

WAR DEPARTMENT, PAYMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 20, 1865.

General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

SIR: Yours of yesterday this moment received, and I have the honor to reply. All the efforts of the Treasury have been directed for the past two weeks to the means necessary for the final payment of troops ordered to be mustered out, amounting, according to the Adjutant-General's lists, to about 123,000 men, all told. The payment of these with the large arrears due, the large bounties due, and the three months extra to officers will require about $50,000.000. These payments will be met promptly and without peradventure, the Treasury having very nearly, if not quite, met the emergency. It will depend upon the ability of the Treasury entirely as to the time when the payments about which you inquire can be made. I will have an early conference with the officers of that department and endeavor to give you an early response. In addition to the forces named, I regret to say that General Thomas' command, in the West, is yet unpaid since August 31 last. The Army of the Potomac and troops about Richmond have been paid to December 31. Therefore after Sherman's army, paid to August 31, Thomas' should be next paid. All these payments you will readily perceive will require a very large sum of money to be yet provided.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. W. BRICE,

Paymaster-General U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 20, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

The lines from here to Richmond via Fredericksburg has been working since Tuesday last and the-route via the Eastern Shore and Fort Monroe will be opened to private business next week. The Lynchburg line is working sixty miles beyond that place, and will be open to business next week.

THOS. T. ECKERT,

Major, &c.

