
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 27. May 20, 1865.

In accordance with instructions received from headquarters Armies of the United States, the Army of the Potomac will be passed in review through Washington city on Tuesday, the 23rd instant, in the following order, viz: First, headquarters Army of the Potomac and escort; second, Cavalry Corps, Major-General Merritt commanding; third, Provost-Marshal-General's Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Macy commanding; fourth, Engineer Brigade, Brigadier-General Benham commanding; fifth, Ninth Army corps, Major-General Parke commanding, with division of Nineteenth Army Corps, Brigadier-General Dwight commanding; sixth, Fifth Army Corps, Brevet Major-General Griffin commanding; seventh, Second Army Corps, Major-General Humphreys commanding.

The artillery of each corps will follow its corps, except that of the Second Army Corps, which will follow the leading division of its corps.

The Cavalry Corps will form on Maryland avenue, wit the head of the column abreast of the northern entrance to the Capitol, prepared to moved at precisely 9 a. m.

The Ninth Army Corps will be marched across Long Bridge on the 22nd instant, and will bivouac on ground east of the Capitol, to be designated to its commanding general. It will form on East capitol street, the head of the column on First street east, at 6 a. m. on the 23rd instant, prepared to follow the cavalry.

At 4 a. m. of the 23rd instant the Fifth Army Corps will be put in motion, and, crossing Long Bridge and the canal bridge, in Maryland avenue, will then move easterly sufficiently far to countermarch and to form on Pennsylvania avenue, with the head of the column of First street east, prepared to follow the Ninth Army Corps.

The Engineer Brigade, and the Provost-Marshal-General's Brigade will bivouac on the evening of the 22nd instant near the Long Bridge, and, moving over that an the canal bridge, in Maryland avenue, at 3.30 a. m., on the 23rd instant, will take position on A street north, prepared to follow the cavalry.

The Second Army Corps will move at 7 a. m., on the 23rd instant, and, crossing Long Bridge and the canal bridge, in Maryland avenue, will form column of the streets of the Fifth Army Corps on First street east.

The formation of the column will be as designated in Special Orders, Numbers 239, current series, headquarters of the Army, Adjutant-General's Office, May 18, 1865, by companies, closed in mass, with shortened intervals between regiments, brigades, and divisions. For the sake of uniformity and to pass narrow portions of the street, the company front will be, throughout the army, twenty files. Brigade commanders will see that the regimental commanders adopt this formation. The number of companies must depend upon the number of men in the regiment. Each brigade of infantry will be accompanied by six ambulances, passing three abreast.

Mounted officers only will salute on passing the reviewing officer.

The staff of the major-general commanding, after passing the reviewing officer, will be formed in the street to be hereafter designated.

Corps commanders will direct their staff officers after passing the reviewing officer to continue in lead of their respective corps, over the routes hereinafter designated.

