
The cadence step will be taken from the Capitol until after passing Seventeenth street. Arms will be carried at right-shoulder shift from the Capitol to the front of the State Department.

After passing the reviewing officer and Seventeenth street the cavalry moving briskly for 600 or 800 yards will proceed to the Circle, and thence, through K street north, to its camp.

The Provost-Marshal General's Brigade, the Engineer Brigade, and the Fifth Army Corps will march via Bridge street, Georgetown, and the Aqueduct Bridge to Ball's Cross-Roads, and thence to their camps.

The Ninth and Second Army Corps will move across the Potomac, via to pontoon bridge at the foot of High street, Georgetown, turning off at the Circle through K street, and taking the lower road past Arlington House to Columbia pike, will move to their camps.

Corps commanders will see that after passing Seventeenth street the gait be increased by regiments, and will take advantage of any of the side streets to mass their commands or portions of them. Should the column moving past the reviewing officer be checked they will employ their staff officers to prevent any recurrence of the kind, and will send officers in advance to examine well the ground near the bridges available for placing their troops in mass.

Where practicable batteries will form battery front.

The unarmed men of the several commands, and such men as may be excused from duty by the medical officers, will constitute the guard to be left in camp.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 28. May 20, 1865.

I. The provisions of General Orders, Numbers 26, current series, from these headquarters, are so extended as to forbid the muster out of individuals in obedience to the telegram of May 17, 1865, therein contained, till the order therefor shall have issued from these headquarters upon the certificate of the corps commissary of musters, that the provisions of the General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, Adjutant-General's Office, have been fully complied with in each case. These individuals will be reported to these headquarters so as to be collected immediately upon discharge into detachments by States, or divisions of States, where there are more then one chief mustering officer for a State, to be attached to some discharged regiment or regiments from the same section, for transportation to the proper State rendezvous, there to be paid off and provided for as prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, from the Adjutant-General's Office. The following instructions will be observed:

1. Arms, accouterments, and all other public property in the hands of individuals to be discharged, independent of the organizations to which they belong, will be turned into the proper departments prior to muster out.

2. All detailed or detached men belonging to regiments to be discharged under existing orders will at once be returned to their respective commands, and their places will be supplies by new details from men whose terms of services do not expire prior to October 1, 1865.

