
3. The horses, guns, caissons, and other public property appertaining to batteries to be discharged, will be turned in prior to muster out.

II. Registered sutlers of this army are hereby allowed to return to it for the sale, to their respective commands, of such articles as are included in the Wilson bill and supplement thereto. They will fourth in their own transportation. The provost marshal-general is charged with the duty of prescribing such rules for the government of their trade as will insure compliance with existing orders. While every facility will be afforded sutlers in their legitimate business, immediate and severe punishment will follow any abuse of this privilege. They are warned against the introduction of liquors or any intoxicating drinks whatever.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to recommend the following-named officers of this command for promotion, on account of meritorious services in the late campaign, in addition to those recommended by Brigadier-General De Trobriand, who assumed command of the division after I was wounded on the 6th of April, and therefore had not an opportunity to observe the conduct of these officers prior to that date:

Major William R. Driver, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for meritorious services during the campaign, particularly on the 25th of March and April 6.

Major Daniel Hart, Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, division inspector, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for meritorious services during the campaign, particularly on the 6th of April.

Captain Thomas W. H. Bradley, One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be major by brevet for meritorious services during the campaign, particularly on the 25th of March and 6th of April.

Lieutenant James H. Demarest, Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet for meritorious services during the campaign, particularly on the 25th of March and 6th of April.

Lieutenant Colonel George W. Perkins, Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for meritorious services during the campaign, particularly on the 6th of April; he being the division officer of the day, and having charge of the skirmish lines, managed it in a very efficient and gallant manner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 22, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, approved.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

