HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Petersburg, Va., May 20, 1865.

Byt. Brigadier General C. H. SMITH,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade:

GENERAL: Send as soon as possible a discreet and intelligent officer with a suitable detachment of dismounted men and a few mounted men to take post at or in the vicinity of the Court-House of each county of your district. The size of both mounted and dismounted detachments will depend upon the size of the county and other circumstances in each case, and will be determined by yourself. The officer in command at each Court-House will also be provost-marshal of the county, and will administer the oath of allegiance to all entitled to it who desire it. Instruct your officers to acquaint themselves as soon as possible with the conditions and necessities of their respective counties. Let them distribute and explain fully General Orders, Numbers 11, from these headquarters. keep negroes as far as possible with their old masters where an arrangement can be made satisfactory to both. Make arrangements for keeping and employing all those for whom employment cannot be found elsewhere, and let the station of the troops be also an employment agency from which laborers can be obtained by those desiring them. Repress all disorders and disturbances and prevent pillage. Look properly to the interests of all classes and contribute in every way possible to the security, comfort, and prosperity of your district.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Numbers 50. Washington, D. C., May 20, 1865.

1. In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 241, War Department, current series, Major E. B. Parsons, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty at these headquarters.

2. Byt. Major W. P. Wilson, aide-de-camp, and First Lieutenant C. B. Alrich, acting assistant inspector-general, are hereby announced as acting assistant adjutants-general at these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, May 21, 1865-10 a. m.

(Received 2.30 p. m. 22nd.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

After carrying out the orders for discharging all men whose time expires up to 1st of October, will you require re-enforcements for Virginia? If so, retain as much of the Sixth Corps as you, deem necessary and discharge those then entitled to discharge under the orders. After muster out all troops will be sent to their States to be paid off. General Weitzel reports that he has but one company of colored artillerymen, and wishes to take with him three companies of regulars now belonging to his corps. I have no objection to his doing so. Please direct him accordingly.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

75 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

