
The division commanders will send to these headquarters at once the order of the march of their respective brigades, giving names of commanders and order of regiments.

The corps will move to its position on the avenue (see general order), left in front, the artillery at 4 a. m. promptly, followed by Third Division, then Second Division, then First Division.

Commanders will be particular to caution their company and non-commissioned officers that they do not salute. None but mounted officers salute.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,May 21, 1865.

Brigadier General J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Richmond:

In accordance with instructions, the batteries of this corps will reach City Point to-night, but the commander of the Artillery Brigade telegraphs me that Colonel Bradley, chief quartermaster, has orders not to ship the batteries. I request that orders for their shipment may be issued, or, if this is impossible from want of transportation, I would then suggest, if it meets with the views of the major-general commanding, that orders be given to ship the guns, carriages, caissons, battery wagons, forges, harness, &amp;c., when I will order the horses to return to this point and join the corps. If the batteries are obliged to march to Alexandria they will require 100 horses, and I shall need about forty or fifty more for my trains.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

HDORS. DISTRICT OF ALEXANDRIA, NINTH ARMY CORPS,

Alexandria, Va., May 21, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions of yesterday's date from headquarters Army of the Potomac, I have the honor to submit the following as the order in column of the troops of the Ninth Army Corps and Dwight's division, Nineteenth Army Corps, as arranged for the review ordered for 23rd instant:

Major General John g. Parke, commanding, and staff; cavalry escort (detachment Second Pennsylvania Cavalry), Lieutenant D. R. Maxwell commanding.

First Division, Ninth Army Corps, Byt. Major General O. B. Willcox commanding: First Brigade, Colonel Samuel Harriman commanding-Thirty-eighth Wisconsin Volunteers, Colonel James Bintliff;twenty-seventh Michigan Volunteers, Colonel Charles Waite; Seventeenth Michigan Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel F. W. Swift; Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel John Green; one hundred and ninth New York Volunteers, Captain Z. G. Gordon; Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers,

