
II. Colonel Pritchard and his command will be subject to the orders of General Miles for prison guards, and will be quartered in the fort.

By order of Major General H. W. Halleck:

D. C. WAGER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES, No.-. Richmond, Va., May 21, 1865.

1. By direction of the major-general commanding Military Division of the James, Brevet Major-General Miles is assigned to the command of the Military District of Fort Monroe, with his headquarters in the fort.

2. General Miles' district will include the Peninsula west as far as Henrico and Hanover Counties, exclusive; also Mathews, Gloucester, Accomack, and Northampton Counties. In all that relates to the command of troops or military affairs, the commanding officers of the sub-district of the Eastern Shore and Peninsula will report to General Miles. In all that relates to Department of Negro Affairs, they will report to these headquarters direct, as will Brevet Major-General Miles.

By command of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Near Richmond, Va., May 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel EDWARD MOALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Twenty-fourth Army Corps, I have the honor to report the location of the various regiments of this command as follows, viz: First Brigade; Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, Louisa Court-House, Va.; One hundred and ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, and Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, on the Meadow Bridge road about one miles and a half north of the city of Richmond. Third Brigade: Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, and Two hundred and sixth Pennsylvania Volunteers, in Richmond on provost duty; Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, Eleventh Maine Volunteers, and one hundredth New York Volunteers, on left of Meadown Bridge road about two miles north of Richmond. Fourth Brigade: eighty-ninth New York Volunteers in Richmond on provost duty; Fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and forty-eighth New York Volunteers, One hundred and fifty-eighth New york Volunteers, and Eighth Maine Volunteers, on the right and left of the Brook road about two miles and a half from Richmond.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. O. OSBORN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

