SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 249. Washington, May 22, 1865.

* * *

12. Brigadier-General Chapman's division of cavalry, now serving with Major-General Augur's command, will report for duty with the cavalry force command by Major-General Merritt, U. S. Volunteers, which is encamped in the vicinity of Bladensburg.

13. The following officers are hereby relieved from duty with the Cavalry Corps, and will report to Major-General Sheridan at New Orleans, La. they will be permitted to take with them their assistant adjutants-general, personal staffs, and quartermasters: Major General Wesley Meritt, U. S. Volunteers; Major General George A. Custer, U. S. Volunteers.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,

May 22, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: As approved by General Meade to use my judgment in the case, I have after consultation with the principal officers decided to move the Engineer Brigade into the city this afternoon, starting at 4 p. m. about, to bivouac near their depot east of the Capitol, and will arrange with General Macy as to the hour of meeting his command in north A street, east.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. May 22, 1865.

The troops of this corps will pass in review to-morrow in the following order: The First Division, the Artillery Brigade, the Second Division, the Third Division. They will move at 7 o'clock in the morning.

1. At that hour the First Division will take the road from Fort Reynolds to Fort Albany, leaving Fort Barnard and Fort Richardson on the left and take the Columbia pike, thence to the Long Bridge.

2. At the same time the Second Division will move by the Columbia pike and follow the First Division when the two come into the same road.

3. The Third Division will follow the Second.

4. The artillery will follow the Third Division, until the troops are formed in column in mass in the streets of the Fifth ward, south of Pennsylvania avenue. When the column moves to pass in review the artillery will follow the First Division, as prescribed at the head of this order and in the order from headquarters of the Army of the Potomac.

5. Following the route prescribed in the orders from the headquarters of the Army of the Potomac, the First Division will form in col-

