
umn of companies closed in mass in Fourth street, east, south of Pennsylvania avenue, the head of the column resting near Pennsylvania avenue. The Second Division will form in similar manner on Third street, east, and the Third Division on Second street, east. The artillery will mass on the open space between New Jersey avenue and Second street.

6. When the rear of the Fifth Corps passed out of Pennsylvania avenue, east, into First street, the First Division will move, following the Fifth Corps. The Second Division will allow space for the artillery to come into the column after the First Division; will then move. The Third Division will follow closely on the Second.

7. The reviewing officer being on the left flank the guide will be on that flank. In passing the reviewing officer colors will drop and the drums beat a march. The music will turn out on the right flank.

8. When the head of each regiment reaches Eighteenth street its commander should order the pace to be quickened. The quickened pace shouldb e continued until the Circle is reached. Division commanders should have a staff officer posted at Eighteenth street to see that this order is carried out, and one should also be stationed at Fifteenth street near the State Department to check the advancing column in time in the event of any check occurring in the troops passing before the reviewing officer.

9. The bridge over Rock Creek at the termination of K street should be passed in column of fours. To prevent any delay to the troops in rear, the leading division should double its column on this street while crossing, and the artillery should do the same. To avoid any check arising from this the Second Division will probably be obliged to move out of Pennsylvania avenue when near the circle and mass in the streets and vacant lots on the left of the avenue and the let of K street. If K street should not be clear for the Third Division when the head of its column reaches to Circle, it can double its column on Pennsylvania avenue, using as much of K street for that purpose as may be found available, or use the streets on its left.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 27. May 22, 1865.

By direction from headquarters Army of the Potomac received since the issuing of the order of march of to-night from these headquarters, the bands will continue with the column through the city and not turn out opposite the reviewing officer.

2. The troops will be marched to Washington by easy stages, with halts at every hour of at least ten minutes.

3. Division commanders and commandant of Artillery Brigade will send, after reaching the city to-morrow, to the assistant adjutant-general, a field return showing the number of officers and men in their respective commands out for review.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

