
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 22, 1865.

To-morrow after crossing Long Bridge and the bridge over the canal in Maryland avenue the corps will move south of the Capitol and will form column as follows, being ready to follow the Fifth Corps: The First Division on Fourth street, east, right resting near Pennsylvania avenue, the left extending toward the river; the Second Division on Third street, east, right resting near Pennsylvania avenue, the left extending toward the river; the Third Division on Second street, east, right resting near Pennsylvania avenue, the left extending toward the river; the Artillery Brigade will mass in the open ground south of Carroll place, between New Jersey avenue and Second street. Division commanders and Artillery Brigade commandant will send staff officers to-day to examine the ground assigned to each command and the approaches to it, and will cause all necessary repairs to be made. The officers sent will also examine the open lots on the south side of K street, between the Circle and the bridge over Rock Creek, with a view to moving the commands there if it should be made necessary from any blocking up of the street.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Near Manchester, Va., May 22, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

With the exception of some detachments, the corps is assembled at this point, and I propose commencing the march to Washington on Wednesday morning. Please designate a camp for the troops and indicate the point at which I shall cross the Occoquan.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE NATTOWAY,Petersburg, Va., May 22, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Richmond:

I have put General Ferrero in command of the Sub-District of the Roanoke. If you have not otherwise disposed of it the county of Charlotte ought to belong to that sub-district. It cut the district nearly in half and crosses the railroad, which would almost bisect the district of the county belonging to it. A point on the railroad within the county would be the best place for headquarters for the district commander, and a depot for the district. For these reasons I would like to have it assigned to the sub-district. I can get along very well now without Colonel Martindale, if you should want him for anything. If not, I will assign him to the command of the city. Please answer as soon as possible.

