
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF THE NOTTOWAY, Numbers 1. Petersburg, Va., May 22, 1865.

I. In accordance with orders from department headquarters the undersigned hereby assumes command of the District of the Nottoway, headquarters at Petersburg.

II. The district is subdivided and will be commanded as follows: First, Sub-District of the Roanoke, consisting of the counties of Prince Edward, Nottoway, Lunenburg, Mecklenburg, Charlotte, and Halifax Brevet Major-General Ferrero commanding; second, Sub-District of the Appomattox, consisting of the counties of Chesterfield, Amelia, Powhatan, Cumberland, and Buckingham, Byt. Brigadier General C. H. Smith commanding; Third, Sub-District of the Blackwater, consisting of the counties of Sussex, Surry, Greenville, Brunswick, Dinwiddie, and Prince George, Byt. Brigadier General G. H. McKibbin commanding.

III. The city of Petersburg will form a separate post under the command of Colonel E. Martindale.

IV. The organization known as Ferrero's division is discontinued, and the following assignment of troops is made, viz: Sub-District of the Roanoke, Sixth and Sixteenth Regiment New York Artillery and five companies of the Sixth Ohio Cavalry; Sub-District of the Appomattox, cavalry brigade under General Smith; Sub-District of the blackwater, McKibbin's brigade, of Ferrero's division, as formerly organized, with the exception of battalion of Forty-first New York Volunteers, and Wheeler's (Thirty-third New York) battery. The troops will be stationed and employed within the sub-districts in accordance with letters of instructions from these headquarters.

V. The following-named officers compose the staff. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Major J. M. Howard, assistant adjutant-general, assistant adjutant-general; Captain E. O. Brown, additional aide-de-camp, aide-de-camp; Captain A. P. Barber, Second Pennsylvania Artillery, acting aide-de-camp and commanding headquarters guard; Major J. B. Campbell, Tenth New York Artillery, acting assistant inspector-general; Captain C. W. Folsom, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, chief quartermaster; Captain Asa Gregory, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, chief commissary of subsistence and treasurer of the civil fund; Surg. J. P. Prince, U. S. Volunteers, chief medical officer.

VI. The chief of each department of the staff will immediately obtain such information and give such instructions within their respective departments as may be needed to insure efficiency in each. All citizens having complaints to make or requiring counsel or assistance will apply to the commanding officer of the sub-district in which they live.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Fort Monroe, May 22, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL,

City Point:

General Grant directs that you take with you the three companies of regular artillery which have belonged to your corps.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

