
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Camp Lincoln, Va., May 22, 1865.

The troops of this command will commence embarking at City Point to-morrow morning in the following order: Second Division, First Division, Cavalry Brigade, Fifth Massachusetts Cavalry, Artillery Brigade (except the white volunteer batteries), and General Russell's brigade. General Russell will see that every officer and man belonging to the corps left behind after their commands embark, is taken along with his brigade. The chief quartermaster and chief commissary of subsistence of the corps will see that each vessel is supplied with rations, water, &amp;c., in accordance with orders already given. The acting ordnance officer of the corps will see that each vessel is supplies with 250 rounds of ammunition to each enlisted man and that 1,000 rounds of artillery ammunition to each piece of artillery is placed on vessel to be designated by the chief quartermaster. The heads of staff departments are directed to see that the troops are fully supplied for the expedition, with everything relating to their department.

By command of Major-General Weitzel:

D. D. WHEELER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., May 23, 1865.

Brigadier-General PATRICK,

Commanding District of Henrico:

SIR: The Sixth Army Corps will pass through Richmond at 8 a. m. the 24th instant. Major-General Ord directs that you placed guards along the line of march from the pontoon bridge to Brook avenue, to keep carriages and improper persons off the street during the passing of the troops. Also that you have the bands under your command stationed in the court-house yards during the review. The reviewing officer will occupy the north portico of the court-house.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. M. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 23, 1865-4 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Army Corps, Richmond, Va.:

You can cross the Occoquan at any point you deem best. The higher up you cross the better you will find the roads, through the lowest route is practicable. You can encamp on the left bank of Four-Mile Run, above the Fifth Corps, now extending to Ball's Cross-Roads.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,May 23, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General KELTON,

Asst. Adjt. General, Headquarters Division of the James:

GENERAL: Yours of this date is received. I shall start the troops from camp at 5 a. m. to-morrow, and hope to be ready to pass the review-

