
ing officer at 8 a. m. I will, however, give General Halleck abundant notice so that he can reach the stand in time. By arrangement just made with General Ord after going over the ground, the troops will move up Seventeenth street to Broad, up Broad past the reviewing officer to Ninth, and thence through Ninth and Clay, to Brook avenue.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

Near Manchester, Va., May 23, 1865.

The corps will move at 5 a. m. to-morrow, preceding through Richmond, in the following order: First, Third Division; second, First Division; third, Second Division.

After crossing the upper bridge the troops will proceed up Seventeenth street to Broad street, up Broad street to Ninth street, up Ninth street to Clay street, thence to Brook avenue, and proceed in the direction of Hanover Court-House.

In pasing up Broad street the corps will be reviewed by Major-General Halleck, commanding Military Division of the James.

Each division will be halted in Broad street when its head reaches the vicinity of Twelfth street, will be closed up and formed in columns of companies at full distance, and then march past the reviewing officer with guides upon the left flank. Mounted officers and colors only will salute.

On reaching Ninth street the march by the flank will be resumed. Bands will not turn out from the column, but will cease plying as soon as they have passed the reviewing officer. Great care will be taken by brigade and regimental commanders to see that the column is not checked in front of the reviewing officer, and the pace of the troops in front will be increased if necessary.

A division of the Twenty-fourth Army Corps has been ordered by the department commander to receive the corps as it passes through the city, and is to be formed with its left resting near the reviewing officer and extending to the right along the line of march.

Headquarters trains, led animals, and ambulances will follow the troops, none being allowed in the column. The pontoon trains, regimental and hospital wagons, and the supply trains will cross in the order named at the lower of the two pontoon bridges, and passing the troops in the vicinity of Hanover Court-House. The troops will take three days' rations in their haversacks, and ten days' forage will be carried in the supply trains.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., May 23, 1865.

Major-General GIBBON,

Commanding Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

SIR: Major General O. C. Ord directs that you parade the First Division of your corps at 8 a. m. the 24th instant, to receive the Sixth Army

