
supplied by the acting ordnance officer of the corps with 1,000 rounds of ammunition. The white volunteer batteries of the Artillery Brigade will remain under command of Captain Martin S. James, Battery C, Third Rhode Island Artillery, and will report direct to headquarters Department of Virginia.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Weitzel:

D. D. WHEELER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., May 23, 1865.

(Received 1.40 p. m.)

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

Ex-Governor Letcher was brought in this a. m. Major Moore, aide-de-camp, was sent for him and Billy Smith, on the morning of the 17th, and captured Letcher in Lexington at daylight on the 20th while in his bed. Governor Smith left Lexington four days previous, having gone to Buchanan, or in the vicinity of Lynchburg. Do you wish him sent to Washington? General Torbert is now in Washington.

For major-general commanding:

W. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 24, 1865-9.30 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

I understand General Wright has sent his artillery to City Point to be transported by water. If such is the case direct him that it must be marched overland with the balance of his command.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., Mary 24, 1865-11.55 a. m.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

See your telegrams of May 8 and 9 for orders for sending General Wright's batteries to City Point. No further orders on that subject were received by me before General Wright's corps passed through here this morning. I understand that they will require a considerable number of horses to move them by land. Also a baggage train or a supply of forage to meet them at Fredericksburg. As General Wright's army has passed I shall wait your further orders about his batteries now at City Point.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., May 24, 1865-3.45 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

We have here headquarters Army of the James, headquarters Department of Virginia, headquarters Twenty-fourth, Corps, besides

