
numerous other headquarters, and staff officers without number, or occupation, or quarters, but with wives and families and uncounted calls for quarters or communication. I again respectfully ask that the Twenty-fourth Corps as an organization be discontinued so that I can reduce this cumbersome, expensive, and useless machinery.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 24, 1865-11 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK, Richmond, Va.:

The batteries of the Sixth Corps must either come by land or must be retained at City Point for the present. Shipping cannot be had for them. The cipher operator made a mistake in sending my first dispatch on the subject, or the mistake of leaving these batteries behind would not have been made. I think the batteries had better be started overland at once, and if there are any surplus teams in the Department of Virginia they can come at the same time.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 24, 1865

Colonel T. S. BOWERS, Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: On the 8th General Grant telegraphed General Halleck "to retain all the cavalry," &amp;c. In arranging the telegram in cipher, Mr. Beckwith made it read," Retain all the batteries." As soon as I learned of the error (on 12th) I notified Mr. Caldwell, at Richmond, to correct it and notify General Halleck of the error. Mr. Beckwith at the same time made an explanation either to you or Major Leet. General Halleck's telegram of to-day would seem to indicate that he sill understood the orders to have reference to batteries. I have again directed Mr. Caldwell to inform General Halleck of the correction, and send you this that you may know where the trouble was and what was done on our part to rectify the error.

Very respectfully, &c.,

D. H. BATES,

Chief of Operator.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., May 24, 1865.

Bvt. Major General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff to Lieutenant-General Grant, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that the master of transportation of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad reports that there can be transported over that road on thirty-six hours' notice, "from Washington to the West, via Relay House, 5,000 men or more, daily, and 6,000 other daily from Washington to Baltimore, at the same time, making 11,000 men daily from Washington to the West and North." I have also just been informed that the Michigan cavalry would commence loading at 10 a. m. to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

