SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 251. Washington, May 24, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General W. Redwood Price, assistant inspector-general Cavalry Bureau, will proceed without delay, via Cincinnati, Ohio, to Saint Louis, Mo., and report to Major-General Sheridan, U. S. Army, to assist in organizing the cavalry force of his command. He will visit such other points as he may deem necessary in the performance of his duties. On completion of this duty he will return to his proper station. By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-general.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

Mary 24, 1865,

The corps will move at 5 a. m. to-morrow, proceeding to the vicinity of Milford, in the following order: First, First Division; second, Second Divisions; third, third Division.

Corps headquarters trains will follow the troops of the leading division. Division and brigade headquarters trains will follow the divisions to which they belong. The ambulances will follow the headquarters trains of the rear division. Other trains will follow the ambulances.

The major-general commanding desires to enjoin upon division commanders the necessity of keeping their commands well closed up, and directs that between the divisions there shall not be habitually an interval of more than 300 yards, nor more than 100 yards between the brigades.

The commanding officer First Division will detail a regiment of not less than 400 men as guard to the train from City Point, which accompanies the corps. The commanding officer Second Division will detail a regiment f not less than 400 men as guard to the supply trains of the corps. These regiments will remain with these trains until their arrival at Washington. Division commanders will send an officer to report the location of their headquarters immediately upon their establishment after day's march.

The chief quartermaster will give necessary instructions to the commanding officer of the pontoon trains.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SEPARATE BRIGADE,City Point, Va., May 24, 1865.

Major-General HARTSUFF,

Petersburg, Va.:

I have the honor to report my arrival at this place with the troops of my command, lately stationed at Fort Pocahontas and Harrison's Landing. I have the honor to report for orders.

J. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

