HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE NOTTOWAY,Petersburg, Va., May 24, 1865.

General CARR,

City Point:

Assume command of the post and of City Point included, within the out line of defenses. Send filed return of your command immediately. Relieve battalion of the Second New York Mounted Rifles and order it to report to General Smith here, and supply their places with troops of your command.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

LYNCHBURG, May 24, 1865.

Brigadier General N. M. CURTIS,

Chief of Staff, Richmond:

Interviews with many prominent citizens of several counties comprising this district convince me that the people desire earnestly to renew allegiance in good faith to the United States. Presiding justices and magistrates are first to take the oath, and all seem to be working to establish order. The country in entirely quiet. negroes are orderly and disported to remain on the plantations and work. A speedy restoration of civil authority will, I think, be productive of great good, and request authority to appoint officers. The property belonging-General Turner, turned over to the surgeons in charge of hospitals for the benefit of the sick and wounded, with directions that the surplus should be left with the city authorities for the poor. The amount is large, and I have taken charge of it. Shall I carry out General Turner's arrangement? It will be to give the city $30,000 or $40,000. The tobacco already reported alone amounts to $15,000, at 40 cents per pound. Many persons claim property belonging to the rebel government in their possession on account of indebtedness, on the ground that they were authorized by the commanding officer of the troops which preceded me to retain it. There is conflict between the council and individuals on the subject. This disposition of the property is celery wrong, and I have directed that all such property be reported to the provost-marshal with a statement. Full instructions and copies of all orders are required to enable me to act promptly and intelligently.

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., May 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Lynchburg, Va.:

Retain the property found at Lynchburg under your charge until further orders. As soon as made send the reports forward representing its ownership. As soon as your district is thoroughly organized and troops stationed in each county this property will be disposed of for the benefit of the needy persons.

By order of Major-General Ord:

N. M. CURTIN,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Staff.

