
WASHINGTON, May 25, 1865-2 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

I asked to have the Twenty-fourth Corps dissolved on receipt of your firs dispatch, and supposed it had been done. I will renew the request. Might not your provost-marshall department be broken up with great relief to the city?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 25, 1865.

(Received 7.30 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

There are several batteries belonging to Sheridan's Cavalry Corps at City Point. They are not wanted here, and if you say so I will send them overland to Alexandria with Wright's batteries.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, May 25, 1865-10 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

You may send all the artillery in Virginia not required there with that belonging to Wright's corps.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 25, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: In conformity with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, dated April 18, 1865, I have the honor to transmit herewith a list of recommendations by Brevet Brigadier-General Abbot for promotion by brevet in the Siege Train of this army. I approve of these recommendations, which cover the entire period of service of the train in the operations of 1864-65' against Richmond and Petersburg. The services of these officers and of this regiment has been on an extremely arduous nature. To say nothing of their labors, they have bee in the lines constantly under the fire of the enemy. Whilst other corps have been relieved from time to time there has been no relief for them, and the performance of their duties has always been faithful, meritorious, and gallant. I respectfully recommend in addition to these the name of bvt. Captain W. S. Worth, of my staff, for the brevet of major in the Army for gallant and meritorious services in the lines before Petersburg and in the operations of the army from April 1 to April 10, 1865. Captain Worth received his present brevet especially for gallantry in the attack on the enemy's lines before Petersburg on June 18, 1864. He has since rendered gallant services

