
on the lines and in the field, and has the honor to be actively employed on the staff of the general commanding in the operations which ended with the surrender of Lee's army.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Artillery.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE ARTILLERY BRIGADE,Richmond, Va., May 20, 1865.

Bvt. Major General HENRY J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: As desired in your favor of the 16th instant, I have the honor to forward a list of names of officers in my command who, in my opinion, merit promotion by brevet for distinguished services. You will remember that no have been heretofore recommended by me to yourself, and consequently that this list covers the entire campaign since last June:

Major George Ager, First Connecticut Artillery, for gallant and distinguished services before Petersburg in the battles of March 25 and April 2, 1865; Captain H. H. Pierce, First Connecticut Artillery, for gallant and distinguished services at Dutch Gap and in the fight with the rebel fleet January 23, 1865; Cap. S. P. Hatfield, First Connecticut Artillery, for energetic and efficient performance of his duties as ordnance officer, siege artillery; Captain William G. Pride, First Connecticut Artillery, for gallant and distinguished services in repulsions on the line before Petersburg; Captain John M. Twiss, First Connecticut Artillery, for gallant services in the attack on Fort Stedman, March 25, 1865, in which he was wounded; Captain G. P. Mason, First Connecticut Artillery, for energetic and efficient performance of his duties as acting assistant quartermaster, siege artillery; Captain George Dimock, First Connecticut Artillery, for gallant and distinguished services commanding the water batteries on James River, where he was slightly wounded; Captain B. P. Learned, First Connecticut Artillery, for efficient performance of his duties as acting assistant adjutant-general, siege artillery; Captain W. C. Faxon, Captain C. O. Brigham, Captain W. A. Lincoln, Captain G. D. Sergeant, Captain C. R. Bannon, all of First Connecticut Artillery, for gallant and distinguished services when commanding important siege batteries before Richmond; First Lieutenant William H. Rogers, Second Lieutenant C. W. Smith, Second Lieutenant G. H. Couch, Second Lieutenant Gardner Reynolds, all of First Connecticut Artillery, for gallant and distinguished services with the assaulting column and in serving captured artillery during the battle of April 2, 1865, before Petersburg; First Lieutenant Robert Lewis, Second Lieutenant W. H. H. Bingham, Second Lieutenant James H. Casey, Second Lieutenant Azro Drown, all of First Connecticut Artillery, for gallant and distinguished services in the assault upon Fort Stedman, March 25, 1865; First Lieutenant C. Gillett, First Connecticut Artillery, for active and efficient services as acting ordnance officer, siege artillery; First Lieuts. F. D. Bangs, H. D. Patterson, John O'Brien, T. D. Cashin, G. F. Bill, and S. A. Woodruff, all of First Connecticut Artillery, for gallant and distinguished services when commanding important siege batteries before Richmond.

