
This list seems very long, but it should be remembered that over 1,200 tons of siege ammunition have been expended, and that these officers have had independent batteries, thus making their services specially conspicuous. I can vouch, from personal knowledge in each case, as to the merits of the officers.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 25, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, War Department:

In reply to your telegram of the 22nd instant, I have the honor to state, for the information of the Secretary of War, that the work of preparation of muster-out rolls is being pushed with diligence in the various commands of this army, excepting those of the Sixth Corps and the Reserve Artillery. The appointments of assistant commissaries of musters for the Artillery Reserve have just been received. The muster out rolls for that command can be prepared within twenty-four hours after the blanks shall have been received. The chief of artillery has been directed to send a staff officer to-morrow morning to the office of ben directed to send a staff officer to-morrow morning to the office of the Adjutant-General for these blanks. The Sixth Corps being on the march from Danville no reports from it have been received. It is believed that all the organizations to be mustered out, with the exception of those in the Sixth Corps, can be discharged the 5th of June, and that they will be ready to move to their respective States from and after that date. Some delay has been experienced from the fact that many regiments have lost their original muster-in-rolls and that copies thereof had to be procured from the Adjutant-General's Office.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. OF THE ARMY ADJT. GENL'S OFFICE, Numbers 253. Washington, May 25, 1865.

* * * *

2. The Army of the Potomac, the Army of the Tennessee, and the Army of Georgia will immediately turn into the Quartermaster's Department, to such officers as the Quartermaster-General may designate, all led horses and mules, all supply and ammunition trains, and all other transportation that, in the judgment of army commanders, can be dispensed with.

* * * *

4. That portion of the Fifth U. S. Cavalry now serving in the First Division, Cavalry Corps, will march without delay to Cumberland, Md., taking with them their land transportation and report to the commanding officer there for duty.

* * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

