
RICHMOND, May 25, 1865-4.30 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps, near Hanover Court-House:

GENERAL: The artillery belonging to your corps has been ordered to immediately follow you by land to Alexandria. Leave pontoon bridges for their use, and, if necessary, telegraph to Washington to send supplies to meet them at Fredericksburg.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

May 25, 1865.

The corps will continue its march toward Fredericksburg, station at 5 a. m. to-morrow, in the following order: First, Second Division; second, Their Division; third, First Division:

A staff officer from these headquarters will conduct the column. Corps headquarters trains will follow the troops of the leading division. Division and brigade headquarters trains will follow their respective divisions. The ambulances and trains will follow the headquarters train of the rear division. The commanding officer of the bridge train will have his train as near as possible to the head of the supply train.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 25, 1865.

Commanding OFFICER LIGHT ARTY. Brigadier, SIXTH ARMY CORPS:

General Grant directs that the batteries of the Sixth Corps immediately proceed overland to Alexandria. General Wright will leave the pontoon bridge across the Pamunkey for its use. The quartermaster at City Point will furnish transportation and horses for the batteries as far as possible. Those which cannot be so supplied will be left at City Point for transportation by water.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, May 25, 1865.

Brigadier General H. E. DAVIES,

Commanding Cavalry:

To the end that the cavalry force under your command may be supplied with as much economy as possible the lieutenant-general commanding directs that it be moved from its present position t camps to be selected by you in the rear of Alexandria, along the line of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, the situation of the new camp. You are desired to see that the citizens are put, by the presence of your troops, to the least inconvenience practicable, and it is especially enjoined upon you to issue the most stringent orders to prevent any unnecessary depredations upon private property.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

