SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers --- . Richmond, Va., May 25, 1865.

1. The Sub-Districts of the Roanoke, Blackwater, and Appomattox, as hereinafter designated, will constitute the District of the Nottoway, under the command of Major General George L. Hartsuff, headquarters at Petersburg.

2. The counties of Accomack [and] Northampton, Fortress Monroe, and the Sub-District of the Peninsula, as hereinafter designated, will constitute the District of Fort Monore, under command of Bvt. Major General Nelson A. Miles, headquarters at Fort Monroe.

3. The counties of Princess Anne, Norfolk, Nansemond, Southampton, and Isle of Wight will constitute the District of Easter Virginia, under command of Brigadier General G. H. Gordon, headquarters at Norfolk.

4. The counties of Nelson, Amehers, Beford, Campbell, Appomattox, Pittsylvania, Henry, Patrick, and Franklin will constitute the District of Lynchburg, under command of Bvt. Brigadier General J. Irvin Gregg.

5. The country of Henrico will constitute a district, under command of Brigadier General M. R. Patrick.

6. The counties of Mathews, Gloucester, New Kent, King William, Charles City, James City, York, Warwick, and Elizabeth City, excepting Fortress Monroe, will constitute the Sub-District of the Peninsula, under the command of Bvt. Brigadier General B. C. Ludlow.

7. The counties of Middlesex, King and Queen, Essex, Caroline, Spotsylvania, and Orange will constitute the Sub-District of the Rappahannock, under the command of Colonel E. V. Sumner, First New York Mounted Rifles.

8. The counties of Hanover, Louisa, Goochland, Fluvanna, Albemarle, and Greene will constitute the Sub-District of the South Anna, under command of Bvt. Brigadier General A. C. Voris.

9. The counties of Surry, Sussex, Greensville, Brunswick, Dinwiddie, and Prince George will constitute the Sub-District of the blackwater, under command of Brevet Brigadier-General McKibbin.

10. The counties of Mecklenburg, Lunenburg, Nottoway, Prince Edward, Charlotte, and Halifax will constitute the Sub-District of the Roanoke, under command of Brevet Major-General Ferrero.

11. The counties of Chesterfield, Amelia, Powhatan Cumberland, and Buckingham will constitute the Sub-District of the Appomattox, under command of Bvt. Brigadier General C. H. Smith.

Commanders of districts, and such of the sub-districts as are not included in any of the districts above described, will report direct to these headquarters, and will constitute separate brigades for the purpose of enabling the commanding officers to convene general courts-martial. The commanders of districts and sub-districts are made superintendents of negro affairs within their respective limits.

By command of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 60. Richmond, Va., May 25, 1865.

The following-named officers are announced as constituting the corps staff and are published for the information of this command: Brigadier General

