
J. H. Potter, chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel Edward Moale, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Colonel T. C. Sullivan, chief commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Lawrence, chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel George A. Kensel, assistant inspector-general; Lieutenant Colonel Stephen Moffitt, provost-marshal; Surg. J. B. Morrison, medical director; Major C. C. Abell, chief of artillery and ordnance; Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel A. Henry Embler, aide-de-camp; Bvt. Major W. E. Potter, aide-de-camp and judge-advocate; Bvt. Major T. E. Lord, acting assistant adjutant-general and Captain H. F. Gerrish, assistant quartermaster; Captain C. W. Wells, acting commissary of subsistence; Lieutenant J. F. Streeter, assistant provost-marshal. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Major-General Gibbon:

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 25, 1865-12.15 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

By what authority are such statements made? They are all false.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 25, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your dispatch of last night was received late and read to me incorrectly. I have knowledge through papers that trophies were picket up in Richmond, but without my knowledge. With reference to the Davis house, it required every effort on my part to preserve anything. Articles belonging to me, my wife, and my staff officers were being stolen, and I prided myself upon having turned it over in such good condition. Nothing of any value was removed that I knew of. General Gordon took off curiosities, which I see by the papers he has sent ot Governor Andrew, that I did not consider of any value. Papers, &amp;c., were strewn all over the streets when I entered, and one of my first acts was to place an officer in charge of collecting all archives, &c.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., May 25, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL,

Commanding Twenty-fifth Corps:

Your telegram of to-day is received and replaces the very extraordinary dispatch sent by you this morning. I did not suppose that you had taken anything from the Davis house, but I taught it probable that you might be able to report persons who had done so, in order that I might secure their restoration after your departure. That the house has been pillaged and robbed by somebody there is no doubt.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

