HEADQUARTERS MILITARY SUB-DISTRICT,Lynchburg, May 25, 1865.

Brigadier General N. M. CURTIS,

Chief of Staff, Richmond, Va.:

There is a numerous class of cases here in which I wish instructions, where the men have all deserted the plantations, leaving the women and children and the old and helpless to the care of the former owners. The planters are unable to support them until the present crops mature, and their labor is absolutely necessary to make the crops. Shall I issue destitute rations to the planters for the people, or collect them in certain localities to subsist them? There are no abandoned lands. An abundant crop is planted if it can be properly worked. These cases are difficult to manage. The farmers and former owners are disposed to do right, I believe, but are without the means to subsist the non-producing class left on their hands. It is important that families be kept together on the plantations, and that the husband and father should return to take charge of them. A ration of corn and feb or bacon issued to the planter to subsist these people whilst his crops are maturing (could be returned in kin), and will, I think, be the best plan to keep them.

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, May 25, 1865.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Lynchburg, Va.:

Your suggestion of an issue of corn and pork or fish, where to be had, for the use of families employed on farms is approved, until the farmer can make sale of anything convertible into money. If they have tobacco you can direct your commissary to take it in payment and issue the tobacco at cost price to the men. Do this only when the farmer is willing to keep families together. You will do all in your power to prevent the able-bodied men from deserting the women and children and old persons, and when practicable send them back.

By order of Major-General Ord:

N. M. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF EASTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 46. Norfolk, Va., May 25, 1865.

The following orders from headquarters Military Division of the James are published for the benefit of all concerned:

As soon as the proper civil officers in any county, city, or town, re duly elected or appointed, and qualified under the restored civil government, those appointed or retained by military authority will cease to exercise the functions of their office.

By order of Brigadier General George H. Gordon:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

