
POINT LOOKOUT, MD., May 25, 1865.

Major-General AUGUR:

The three companies of the Invalid Corps, acting as provost guards, have been ordered to be relieved and they will go to-night. Can you send me three, or if not, two, companies with proper officers to do the duty of provost guard? With 20,000 prisoners here my arrangements are badly broken up. Please reply and let me know what troops can be sent.

J. BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

RELAY HOUSE, BALTIMORE AND OHIO RAILROAD,

May 25, 1865. (Received 7.30 p. m.)

Major-General RAWLINS:

Trestle at Harper's Ferry completed so as to pass trains. Let general know the fact.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

OFFICE SOUTH SIDE RAILROAD COMPANY,

Petersburg, Va., May 26, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

SIR: I had the honor of making application in writing, dated 20th instant, for the restoration of that part of the South Side Railroad from Burkeville to Lynchburg, in which I also asked for the iron, &amp;c., along its line, &c. Since the application has been made to you I notice that some of the iron along the line is being removed (and there are now at Petersburg several car loads of it) from its line by the United States. I hope that the iron will not be removed. It has been held by the company as part of the means whereby to aid in repairs, and I respectfully ask that the iron already moved may be resorted to of the company. I also ask that that part of the road from Burkeville to Petersburg and City Point be restored to the company at as early a day as the military necessities of the road would allow, the government business being now much reduced. I think I could undertake to perform such service efficiently for the Government on terms perhaps less than it now costs the Government to do it. As soon as I saw your material for repairs and have now so far completed our arrangements as to be ready to begin so soon as I get your favorable response.

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEM. PEEBLES,

President South Side Railroad Company.

77 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

