HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 25, 1865-8.45 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

General Parke announces the reoccupation of the whole line, the capture of many prison ers, and that all is now quiet. He directs that troops on march to him be halted and await further orders.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Warren and Wright and commanding officer Cavalry Division.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 25, 1865-9 a. m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief os Staff:

As soon as I heard that General Parke had repulsed the enemy I directed my division commanders to push out reconnaissances. I have now gone to see what they have developed. I have reason to believe that the enemy has weakened himself in my front. I will inform you if I find such to be the coarse.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,Near First Division, March 25, 1865-9.15 a. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I find my staff officer reported erroneously to you for me. As soon as I had given the preparatory orders for the movement of the corps I ordered out reconnaissances from each division at 6.45 a. m., with a view to attacking if the enemy's line was held weakly. Telegraphed that to General Parke, and also asked authority to drive in the picket line throughout and take advantage of any weakness in the enemy's line. General Parke replied it would be well to take advantage of any weakness of the enemy. The reconnaissance on the right moved toward the Skinner house, drove in the enemy's pickets, found the enemy's works manned with a line of battle, signal rank, whose fire they received. On the left of the Skinner house they did not drive in the pickets. On the right of the Watkins house party not hare from yet. They party in Watkins' house field report the enemy manning their works, 400 yards of the works visible, with a line of battle, single rank. The same report from the vicinity of the Armstrong house. The sum of the whole is that the enemy have a strong picket-line in pint, five or six men in each pit, pits about fifth feet apart; a thin line of battle in the works, single rank, men three feet apart, and artillery. If anything the works, single rank, men three feet apart, and artillery. If anything further is done it should be something like this: to drive in their pickets near the Watkins house, follow it up with the division, to be followed by the corps.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy sent to Ninth Army Corps, General Meade having left City Point.)

