HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 26, 1865.

Major General J. G. PARKE, Commanding District of Alexandria:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the Two hundred and second Pennsylvania Volunteers be prepared to move to Fort Delaware without delay. You will make such arrangements to replace the regiment on the line as you may think best. Further orders will be sent to-night.

Respectfully,

A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 26, 1865.

Brigadier General JAMES BARNES, Point Lookout, Md.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the Twenty-ninth Connecticut and the detachments of Tenth and Twenty-eighth U. S. Colored Troops be at once placed in readiness to move to City Point, Va., to join Twenty-fifth Corps. The boat which conveys the Twenty-fourth Colored Troops to Point Lookout will form a part f the transportation for the troops ordered to City Point.

Respectfully,

A. R. SEWALL,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE JAMES, Numbers 8. Richmond, Va., May 27, 1865.

I. The attention of clergymen and magistrates, who are authorized by the laws of Virginia and North Carolina to perform marriage ceremonies, is respectfully called to the cases of colored me and women in their respective parishes and districts who have marital relations without contracting marital obligations. Such persons should be duly instructed in regard to their social and domestic duties, and especially in regard to their duty to support and educate their offspring. They must be made to understand that the laws of God, as well as the laws of their country, forbid their living together as man and wife without the colonization of marriage.

II. Military orders in regard to oaths and licenses to be taken before marriage will not be deemed applicable to colored persons, nor to those who may marry them unless a fee be charged, nor will any formalities be required which are not necessary for the completion of a civil contract of marriage by the laws of the State. All such marriages, however, should be duly registered and a proper certificate given tot eh parties. It is recommended that all fees in such cases be remitted and all unnecessary expenses discouraged.

III. It is hoped that all persons interested in ameliorating the condition of the colored race in improving their social character will use their influence in promoting the object in view.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

