HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, May 27, 1865.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

The lieutenant-general commanding desires that you have surveys and plans made of the battle fields of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania Court-House, and North Anna, by your engineers, sending proper cavalry escorts. General Barnard has been directed to have made while at Richmond a survey of the battle-field of Cold Harbor.

Very respectfully,

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Aide-de-Camp, and Brevet Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, May 27, 1865.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

In mustering out troops under recent orders the Secretary of War directs that in all cases where men entitled to be discharged are found in regiments that will continue in service the said men shall not be sent singly to their respective States, but formed into detachments and placed en route with the first available regiment or regiments returning to the same State. Please so instruct corps and other commanders; also commissaries of musters and their assistants.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 27, 1865-5.30 p. m.

Colonel T. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, War Department:

General Meade is absent in town. The final orders for muster out have been given for only one regiment, and that on receipt this morning of your telegram dated yesterday. It will probably be ready on Monday. I can ascertain positively if necessary. Orders have already issued from here to our quartermasters to provide transportation in time. If anything else is necessary let me know, that I amy attend to it at once.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., May 27, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: The necessary general arrangements for the transportation of the troops of the armies of the Potomac and of General Sherman to the points indicated by Circular 19, Adjutant-General's Office, 1865, have been made. In order, however, to avoid delay and confusion in the city and insure prompt forwarding to designation, I request that the commanders of regiments and large commands upon receiving orders to move shall make their requisition at once upon Brigadier-General

