
RICHMOND, May 27. 1865.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Colonel BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The following telegram and its answer are forwarded for the information of the lieutenant-general commanding; also General R. W. Johnson, Walker, Clarke, and some other rebel generals have taken the oath or applied for its privileges:

LYNCHBURG, May 26, 1865.

Brigadier-General CURTIS:

The assistant provost-marshal of Campbell County on yesterday administrated the amnesty oath to General Longstreet. He being excepted by the President's proclamation, what are the instructions in his case and others of similar character which may present themselves?

J. I. GREGG,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

RICHMOND, May 27, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General GREGG,

Lynchburg, Va.:

The instructions in the case of General Longstreet are the same as of all others who have taken the oath and are excluded from the benefits of the amnesty proclamation. All persons are permitted to take the oath, but receive none of the benefits until specially authorized by the President. They can make application for the benefits of the proclamation and they will be forearmed through the military channels.

By order of Major-General Ord:

N. M. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 143. Richmond, Va., May 27, 1865.

1. Brigadier General H. G. Thomas, U. S. Volunteers, having reported to the commanding general of the department, in obedience to orders from headquarters Twenty-fifth Army Corps, is hereby ordered to report in person to Brevet Major-General Rawlins, chief of staff, at headquarters Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,

Richmond, Va., may 27, 1865.

1. The commanders of districts and sub-districts in this department will make and forward to these headquarters for the information of the major-general commanding reports of the condition of each county in their respective districts. These reports will embrace an approximate list of the colored people, each sex, in four classes as follows: First, all under twelve years of age; second, all over twelve years of age and

