
under fifty-five; third, all over fifty-five years of age; fourth, those of the second calls incapable from any cause of earning their own support.

2. The number of horses, mules, sets of harness, with the number and kind of agricultural implements required for issue to cultivate and secure the farm crops for the support of the destitute. The reports above called for need be only approximate and can be obtained from county authorities. The object of the report of farming and agricultural implements and animals is with a view to furnish them for the cultivation of labor farms, and to issue to farmers who require such implements and are unable and yet willing, to support the helpless members of families of laborers necessary to cultivate their lands, the basis of action in this matter being that, to support the people, the land must be cultivated; to cultivate the land the labor and land must be kept together; and as the labor does not own the land, to keep them families as much as possible, with due regard to the rights of all parties.

By command of Major-General Ord:

N. M. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

May 27, 1865. (Received 11.40 p. m.)

General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

Transportation for 13,900 men has arrived up to this evening. One division of 9.200 men and their transportation has started. As soon as enough arrives for the second division it will start. Then there will be left the detached brigade of infantry and the artillery and cavalry. I will start with the second division of infantry and the artillery, and expect to get off on Wednesday or Thursday next, leaving General Russell to bring up the rear. This is in accordance with the suggestion of General Sheridan, who asked me to come with the bulk of my troops. Is this approved?

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., May 27, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General GREGG,

Lynchburg, Va.:

All persons who have taken the oath of allegiance are permitted to resume their business and the military authorities will render them all assistance in their power. Encourage all factories, mills, railroad and canal companies, and persons who are about resuming business can employ the laboring people of the country. Revenue laws will be sent you and agent of the Treasury Department invited to go to Lynchburg.

By order of Major-General Ord:

N. M. CURTIS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

