
II. Volunteers honorably discharged from the U. S. service who enlist in the regular army within ten days from the date of discharge will be allowed a furlough of thirty days before joining their regiments. They will be paid all pay and allowances to which they may be entitled on being discharged from the volunteer service.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 28, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to recommend that the following-named officers be promoted to brevet rank: Colonel J. P. McIvor, One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers, commanding second Brigade, Second Division, Second Corps, to be brigadier-general by brevet for meritorious services in the late campaign. Colonel William A. Olmsted, Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, Second Corps, to be brigadier-general by brevet for meritorious services in the l;ate campaign. Colonel I. W. Starbird, Nineteenth Maine Volunteers, to be brigadier-general by brevet for gallantry displayed while in command of his regiment at High Bridge, on April 7, 1865, at which place he was dangerously wounded. Major John M. Norvell, assistant adjutant-general, Second Division, Second Army Corps, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for meritorious services in the late campaign. Captain John W. Summerhayes, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general, Second Division, Second Corpt, to be major by brevet for meritorious services in the late campaign. Captain H. Y. Russell, Tenth New York Volunteers, pioneer officer, Second Division, second Army Corps, to be major by brevet for meritorious services in the late campaign. Captain A. L. White, Nineteenth Maine Volunteers, ordnance officer, Second Division, second Crops, to be major by brevet for meritorious services in the late campaign. Captain T. E. Knapp, One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, to be major by brevet for meritorious services in the late campaign. Captain Samueal Porter, One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers, judge-advocate, Second Division, second Corps, to be major by brevet for meritorious services in the late campaign. Captain A. B. Holmes, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, acting assistant inspector-general, First Brigade, Second Division, second Army Corps, to be major by brevet for meritorious services. Captain O. R. Small, Nineteenth Maine Volunteers, and acting assistant adjutant-general, First Brigade, to be major by brevet for meritorious services. First Lieutenant and Adjt. George Matthews, Fifty-ninth New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, First Brigade, Second Division, Second Army Corps, to be captain by brevet for meritorious services. First Lieutenant Aldrich tenant, Seventh Michigan Volunteers, and acting adie-de-camp, First brigade, to be captain by brevet for meritorious services. Second Lieutenant William H. Tripp, Nineteenth Maine Volunteers, and acting aide-de-camp, First Brigade, to be captain by brevet for meritorious services. Major Robert

