
Heggart, Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for meritorious services. Captain Timothy J. Burke, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for meritorious services. First Lieutenant James W. Young, Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, to be captain by brevet for meritorious services. Captain W. H. Andrews, One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for meritorious services. Captain S. P. Howard, One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for meritorious services. Captain Lewis Rounds, Fourth Ohio Volunteers, to be major by brevet for meritorious services.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, you obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brevet Major-General of Volunteers.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,June 1, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

I regret that I cannot concur with the commander of the Second Division in his recommendation for the promotion of Major Norvell. I concur with him in the recommendation for the other officers named within, excepting those for the pioneer officer, the ordnance officer, and the officer of the provost-marshal's department. I make these exceptions because no special acts outside of the duties of those departments and forming part of the combat of the troops are mentioned by the division commander as the reason for promotion. I have made no recommendations for promotions by brevet for the discharge of administrative, supply, or train duties, or those labor.

A. A. HUMPHRYES,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 1, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General.

As the rule laid down by Major-General Humphryes is not that regarded in similar cases, I see no objection in recommending for these gentlemen the same rank as has been granted in similar instances. The recommendations of the division commander are therefore approved.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,Twenty miles from Fredericksburg, south May 28, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier gen. J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The roads are utterly impassable and the artillery of this corps, if it has ot yet started, should wait will the traveling is good. We have made but eight miles in two days and are now completely mud-bound.

I think I have never met with worse roads.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

