
enment has now a great surplus of arms I would suggest that an order be published authorizing all soldiers who desire to do so to retain their arms by paying the value to the Ordnance Department, or by having them charged on their muster-out rolls.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 29, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Owing to the great surplus of artillery in the army I would recommend that all the artillery belonging to the Armies of the Potomac, Tennessee, and Georgia be mustered out at once. If approved they can be started to their State capitals at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, May 29, 1865.

General H. W. HALLECK, Commanding.:

The Secretary of War directs that all volunteer organizations of white troops in your command whose terms of service expire between this date and September 30 next, inclusive, be immediately mustered out of service. The musters out will be made with existing regimental and company organizations, and under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 94, of the 15th instant, from this office. All men in the aforesaid organizations whose terms of service expire subsequently to October 1, 1865, will be transferred to other organizations from the same State, to veteran regiments when practicable, and when not practicable to regiments having the longest time to serve. It is property add that this order will discharge as follows: First. The three-years' regiments that were mustered into service under the call of July 2, 1862, and prior to October 1 of that year. Second. Three years' recruits mustered into service for old regiments between the same dates. Third. One-year men for new and old organizations who entered the service prisoner to october 1, 1865. Should your command be reduced prejudicially to the service by this order you are authorized to suspend it in whole or in part, promptly notifying the Adjutant-General of the Army with view to receiving further instructions. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Copy forwarded to Major-General Ord May 29, 1865, with orders to carry this into effect in his department, and to Major-General Schofield for his information and guidance.

ROBT. N. SCOTT,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, May 29, 1865.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The artillery of Wright's and Sheridan's corps passed here yesterday. General Wright says the roads are in very bad condition. It is there-

