
fore probable that the artillery will require forage and provisions on reaching Fredericksburg. If the roads were good their supplies would have carried them through.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 264. Washington, May 29, 1865.

* * * * *

2. Bvt. Major General Giles A. Smith, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty with the Army of the Tennessee, and will report, in person, without delay, to Major-General Weitzel, commanding Twenty fifth Army Corps, for duty. His assistant adjutant-general, assistant quartermaster, and personal aides-de-camp, will accompany him.

3. Dwight's division, commanded by Brigadier General William Dwight, U. S. Volunteers, and now serving in the Department of Washington, will (immediately after the muster out and separation from it of the officers and men to be discharged) proceed, without delay, to Savannah, Ga., and from there report by letter to the commanding department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

9. The Army of the Tennessee and the Army of Georgia, except troops belonging in the East, immediately after the muster and separation of the troops to be discharged, under existing orders, from those to be retained, will proceed, without delay, to Louisville, Ky., where they will rendezvous until further orders. All regiments and batteries of light artillery will turn in to the ordnance and quartermaster's departments there their guns, equipments, and horses. All Eastern troops will report to Major-General Augur, commanding Department of Washington, for orders. The greatest possible dispatch is required in the execution of this order. The Pay Department will make arrangements for the payment of such of these troops as go to Louisville immediately upon reaching their designation.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 31. May 29, 1865.

The following telegram from the War Department is published to this army for the information and guidance of all concerned:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 29, 1865.

Major-General MEADE:

The Secretary of War directs that all the [volunteer] artillery of your command be immediately mustered out and discharged. For this arm of the service General Orders, Numbers 94, current series, from this office, is so [far] modified s to allow the said troops to be sent to their respective States, there to be mustered out under the direction of the chief mustering officer of the State. Prior too their departure all public

78 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

