
property will be turned over to the proper officers of the supply departments concerned for the command with which they may be serving. The troops should be placed en route with least practicable delay and forwarded to the respective rendezvous in theirs States at or nearest which they were mustered in.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

The muster-out rolls of such organization of artillery as may be now in course of preparation will be sent with them for complete to the States to which these troops are ordered.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

May 29, 1865.

In anticipation of a discharge, under recent orders, of a large portion of the corps, the major-general commanding desires to see it together once more before parting, and with this view a review of it will take place to-morrow at 2 p. m. on the ground and with the positions indicated to-day to commanders of divisions and of Artillery Brigade. The line will be formed by battalions in column of divisions, closed in mass, and will pass the reviewing officer in that formation in quick time, mounted officers only saluting. The artillery will follow the rear division. As the First Division will be upon the ground so as to be formed at 12.30, the Second Division so as to be formed at 1, the Third at 1.30, and the artillery immediately after the Third Division.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,May 29, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward recommendations for promotions by brevet of the following department officers at these headquarters for efficiency, attention to duties, and meritorious conduct during the campaigns of 1864 and 1865:

Surg. Orpheus Evetrs, Twentieth Indiana Volunteers, surgeon-in-chief, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, campaign 1864-'65; Major George W. Johnes, assistant quartermaster of volunteers, division commissary, to be major by brevet, campaign 1864-'65; Captain Thomas G. Morrow, Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, provost-marshal, to be major by brevet, campaign 1864-'65; First Lieutenant John R. Pancoast, One hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, ambulance officer, to be captain by brevet, campaign 1864-'65; First Lieutenant Uriel B. Titus, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, acting ordnance officer, to be captain by brevet, campaign of 1865, especially for services April 6.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

