
WASHINGTON, May 30, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I would respectfully recommend Captain J. W. Mason, Fifth U. S. Cavalry, and First Lieutenant J. H. Kane, same regiment, for promotion of one grade by brevet. These officers belong to the cavalry which has served at my headquarters from May last, and in all the battles from the Wilderness, in May, 1864, to the surrender of Lee's army, in April, 1865, have rendered conspicuous and dangerous services. I would suggest that their brevets be given for gallant and meritorious services in the battles terminating in the surrender of Lee's army, April 9, 1865.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 101. Washington, May 30, 1865.

Retention of arms by soldiers on being honorably discharged from service.

Upon an honorable muster-out and discharge from the service of the United States, all volunteer soldiers desiring ot do so are hereby authorized to retain their arms and accouterments on paying therefor their value to the Ordnance Department. The payments will be made under the regulations of the Ordnance Department, to the officer or representative thereof, at the rendezvous in the State to which the troops are ordered for payment and final discharge.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., May 30, 1865.

Brevet Major-General PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General:

GENERAL: I have reason to think that ex-Governor William Smith is concealed somewhere on the James River between Goochland and Columbia, or in that vicinity. He is well known to everybody in that part of the country, and I think a skillful officer or detective could readily trace him out. The report that he had gone to the Gulf States is entirely unfounded. It is possible, however that he may have gone toward Warrenton within th last few days. The reward offered by the Government for his delivery is $25,000.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH-CORPS,

May 30, 1865.

The corps will resume the march to-morrow, starting at 5 a. m. in the following order: First, Second Division; second, Third Division; third, First Division, each to be followed by its own headquarters train;

