
fourth, ambulances; fifth, supply trains. The pontoon train will precede the column, moving for that purpose at 4 a. m. Until the arrival of the corps in Washington one-half of the pioneers of each division will accompany the trains of their respective divisions.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 101. Washington, D. C., May 30, 1865.

* * * * *

II. The term of service of the Seventeenth and Twentieth Michigan and One hundred and ninth New York Infantry Volunteer Regiments expiring before the 1st of October next, they will be mustered out and proceed to their respective places of rendezvous in the States to which they belong. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation. These regiments have all won an honorable fame in the history of the present war. The Seventeenth and Twentieth Michigan have served nearly three years under their present division commander. It is with pride and gratitude that he refers to their distinguished gallantry on may a hart-fought field from South Mountain to Petersburg. The One hundred and ninth New York, as one of the younger regiments of this division, may well feel proud of its record. But one year ago, when this regiment joined, its ranks were full, and the bloody battle-fields from the Rapidan to Petersburg beer witness to the courage with which they sacrificed themselves to their country. May those who remain of those three distinguished regiments long live to enjoy the reward of well doing and lofty patriotism in the happiness of honorable homes and the administration of their countrymen.

By command of Bvt. Major General O. B. Willcox:

WARREN A. NORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., May 30, 1865.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I beg leave to call the attention of the general-in-chief to the condition of the artillery arm of the service, and to suggest some necessary steps to be taken in order that in the approaching reduction of the army an efficient, serviceable nucleus may be retained which can hereafter be built upon, so that in case of necessity a large force of good artillery can be rapidly thrown into the field. I trust my suggestions will not be considered out of place when it is remembered that this arm, being without a representative head in Washington, has no one whose special duty it is to look after its welfare, in which, as a member of the corps, I feel great interest. As we have now five regular regiments of artillery, nearly all of which are serving al light batteries, I take it for granted that none of the volunteer batteries will be retained in the permanent establishment, although many of them are

