
in a highly efficient condition, and have made records for themselves in this war of which many of the regular batteries might well feel proud. The reduction in the artillery should not be made too rapidly, for we must remember that this war should be made use of to designate the best military talent of all kinds in the country, so that it can be made available in future years when the country may need a large force to be thrown into the field at short notice. A comparatively small amount of money expended now will save us the millions we had to expend at the commencement of this war in gaining a certain amount of experience. If, therefore, as I suppose, no volunteer batteries are to be retained, the question arises, haw are we to make use of the volunteer talent which has been developed in this war? By examining the list of artillery officers it will be found that the vast majority of them ar appointed from civil life without either previous education or instruction as artillerists, and as they have not usually been selected for services in the field, as most of the volunteer officers now in service have, they are generally inferior to them in efficiency.

Now, in a general reduction the services should not be weighed down by these young men simply because they hold commissions in the regular army. I would, therefore, suggest that competent boards of examination be at once instituted to inquire into the qualifications and services of all artillery officers, regulars and volunteers, and that a uniform standard being established, those officers who pass a satisfactory examination be assigned positions in the force t be retained, and that those who do not, whether regulars or volunteers, be honorably mustered out of service. This should be a practical rather than a theoretical examination, and the officer's services and standing in the field should be largely inquired into and weigh heavily with the boards in coming to a decision. This scheme will take time to properly carry it out, and I would, therefore, suggest that all the light batteries be assembled into would, therefore, suggest that all the light batteries be assembled into several large camps of instruction at the most available point throughout the country, where comparisons could be made, the different claims of the officers established, and the examinations of the boards take place. Here, too, the batteries could be successfully mustered out of service, the most indifferent first, two or more batteries consolidated when reduced, and the horses, guns, and material turned over to the proper departments. In this way by the fall we could be further reduced or very much enlarged at short notice, according to the requirements of the service. I trust you will bring this matter at once to the attention of the general-in-chief.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers.

WASHINGTON, May 30, 1865.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,

Commanding Middle Military Division:

Orders have been issued for the movement of all troops of Major General Sherman's command belonging to the West, and now here, to Louisville, the movement to commence at once. Please order all places where liqueur is kept along the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad closed until the movement is completed.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

