
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Numbers 53. Washington, D. C., May 30, 1865.

In accordance with instructions from the War Department, all volunteer organizations of white troops in this command whose terms of service expire between this date and September 30 next, inclusive, will be immediately mustered out of service. The musters out will be made with existing regimental and company organizations, and under the regulations promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 941, of the 15th instant, from the War Department. All men in the aforesaid organizations whose terms of service expire subsequent to October 1, 1865, will be transferred to other organizations from the same State to veteran regiments when practicable to regiments having the longest time to serve.

This order will discharge as follows:

1. The three-years' regiments that were mustered into service under the call of July 2, 1862, and prior to October 1 of that year.

2. The three-years' recruits mustered into service for old regiments prior to October 1, 1862.

3. One-year men for old and new organizations who entered the service prior to October 1, 1864.

Department and independent commanders will report to these headquarters what reduction of their command will be made under this order before it is finally carried into effect.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., May 31, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

I am informed that a great many bodies have been left unburied at Appomattox Court-House. It is possible that some may have been left in the same way at Sailor's Creek. I think a small cavalry force had better be sent to each place to bury any that may still be left above ground.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 31, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith recommendations for promotions from the several corps comprising this army during the recent operations resulting in the fall of Petersburg and Richmond, Va., and the surrender of the insurgent army under General Robert E. Lee. In transmitting these, I bet to call attention to the services rendered by the general staff of this army, and in recognition thereof to request that such of these officers as are hereinafter recommended may be promoted for faithful and meritorious services during the operations mentioned, and as follows, to date from April 9, 1865:

To be major-generals: Bvt. Major General Henry J. Hunt, brigadier-general of volunteers and chief of artillery; Bvt. Major General Alexander S. Webb, brigadier-general of volunteers and chief of staff.

