
WASHINGTON, D. C., June 1, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

Do you not think it advisable to relieve General Patrick? The machinery kept up in his duties is represented as heavy, and his kindness of heart may interfere with the proper government of the city.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

June 1, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: In addition to the recommendations for brevets submitted by me on the 25th ultimo, I have respectfully to present the following: First Lieutenant Colonel E. R. Warner, First New York Light Artillery, and brevet colonel of volunteers, inspector of artillery Army of the Potomac, to be brigadier-general of volunteers by brevet for uniform gallantry and good conduct, thought hot the war and especially for faithful and meritorious services in the lines before Petersburg and the field operations from March 29 to April 10, 1865. Colonel Warner has served in the artillery of this army from its organization, in 1861, as adjutant-general to the Artillery Reserve, as assistant to the chief, of artillery, and as inspector of the artillery of this army, and chief of its staff. His services have been of great value to this army. Second, First. Lieutenant Carl Berlin, First New York Light Artillery, captain by brevet, to be major of volunteers by brevet for gallantry and good conduct in the lines before Petersburg and for gallant and meritorious services in the field operations from March 29 to April 10, 1865. Brevet Captain Berlin is an educated and accomplished officer, formerly of the Swedish artillery, from which he resigned to continue in our services. His professional and technical knowledge have been especially valuable. Third, Bvt. Major John N. Craig, assistant adjutant-general, to be lieutenant-colonel of volunteers by brevet for good conduct and meritorious services in the lines before Petersburg and the campaign of this army from March 29, 1865.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,Maple Grove, June 1, 1865-5 a. m.

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report my arrival here, and shall start at once for Fairfax Station, in the neighborhood of which I expect to encamp to-night. Will you please indicate to me the best road to be taken from that place to the point designated as a camp for this corps?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

