HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,June 1, 1865-12.35 p. m.

Brigadier-General SCHOEPF,

Commanding at Fort Delaware:

The One hundred and sixty-fifth New York is to go to Savannah with its division. If the regiment sent you in its place is not proper or sufficient for guard other troops will be sent you on your application with statement of the case.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, June 2, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I would respectfully suggest that orders be issued directing the Chief of Ordnance to take immediate to have collected all captured ordnance and stores that my be turned in to his department collected and stored at Northern arsenals, Charleston Arsenal, Hilton Head, Baton Rouge, and Rock Island. I would also recommend the extension of free trade in all articles, except the few enumerated as contraband of war, to all the States and Territories of the United States.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 2, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Washington:

I have urged the governor to reorganize courts, sheriffs, plicemen, &amp;c., in Richmond and adjacent, counties as soon as possible. When this is done the provost-marshal's organization can be dispensed with, but not before. If broken up now neither life nor property would be safe here.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., June 2, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

In connection with the orders of the Secretary of War dated May 29, respecting the muster out of volunteer white troops, and referring to paragraph 4 of General Orders, Numbers 94, I am directed to say that it is of importance that the muster-out rolls should be ready in the shortest time possible. Extra clerks should be detailed to assist the commissaries of musters and their assistants. In the absence of rooms for use as offices, hospital and wall tents should be provided for the use of the mustering officers in making out the necessary papers. All other proper facilities at command should also be afforded. The attention of corps, division, and brigade commanders should be particularly directed to what is required of them under paragraph 4, General Orders, Numbers 94. Assistant inspectors-general should be directed to frequently visit regiments and companies to see in person if the data for the rolls and other

