
papers is promptly and accurately furnished by regimental and company officers: conferring with the commissaries of musters and their assistants with the view of correcting at once any delinquencies they may find to exist.

THOS. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 2, 1865-11.40 a. m.

Major-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

The Sixth Corps reached here this morning and is now going into clamp on Four-Mile Run, between Hall's Hill and Ball's Cross-Roads, headquarters near Ball's Cross-Roads. The regiments and men belonging to this corps included in existing orders will be mustered out without delay.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 105. Washington, June 2, 1865.

Reduction of volunteer artillery.

Department commanders will at once reduce their batteries of volunteer light artillery to the number absolutely required under existing circumstances by the necessities of the service in their respective departments. The companies thus relieved will be sent to Washington, Louisville, or Cairo, as may be most convenient for final payment and muster out. All artillery horses that my become surplus under the operation of this order will be sold in the department where they now are, and the guns of the companies that are to be discharged will be retained for the present within the department. The number of public animals retained in service, both for artillery and transportation purposes, will be reduced as far as possible through out the country, and all surplus animals will be sold.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., AJDT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 106. Washington, June 2, 1865.

Department commanders will immediately, on the receipt of this order, reliever all general and staff officers whose services can be dispensed with within their respective commanders, and order them to proceed, without delay, to their respective places of residence, and from there report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

Department commanders will report the names of all officers relieved by them under this order to the Adjutant General of the Army.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

