
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 107. Washington, June 2, 1865.

Removal of restrictions on trade.

Ordered, That all military restrictions upon trade in any of the States or Territories of the United States, except in articles contraband of war, to wit, arms, ammunition, gray cloth, and all articles from which ammunition is manufactured, locomotives, cars, railroad iron, and machinery for operating railroads, telegraph wires, insulators and instruments for operating telegraphic lines, shall cease from and after the present date.

By order of the President of the United States:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 108. Washington, D. C., June 2, 1865.

SOLDIERS OF THE ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES:

By your patriotic devotion to your country in the hour of danger and alarms-your magnificent fighting, bravery, and endurance-you have maintained the supremacy of the Union and the Constitution, overthrown all armed opposition to the enformcement of the laws, and of the proclamation forever abolishing slavery-the cause and pretext of the rebellion-and opened the way to the rightful authorities to restore order and inaugurate peace on a permanent and enduring basis on every foot of American soil.

Your marches, sieges, and battles, in distance, duration, resolution, and brilliancy of result dim the luster of the world's past military achievements, and will be the patriot's precedent in defense of liberty and right in all time to come.

In obedience to your country's call you left your homes and families and volunteered in its defense. Victory has crowned your valor and secured the purpose of your patriot hearts, and with the gratitude of your countrymen, and the highest honors a great and free nation can accord, you will soon be permitted to return to your homes and families conscious of having discharged the highest duty of American citizens. To achieve these glorious triumphs, and secure to yourselves, your fellow-countrymen, and posterity the blessings of free institutions tens of thousands of your gallant comrades have fallen and sealed the priceless legacy with their lives. The graves of these a grateful nation bedews with tears, honors their memories, and will ever cherish and support their stricken families.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 247. Washington, June 2, 1865.

* * * *

3. Brigadier General H. G. Thomas, U. S. Volunteers, will proceed to his place of residence, and from there report to the Adjutant-General of the Army by letter for further orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

