
RICHMOND, VA., June 3, 1865.

(Received 1.45 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

I have just received the original official report of John Maxwell, of the rebel secret service, of the blowing up of the ordnance stores at City Point last year. It appears from this report that the explosion was caused by a horological torpedo placed on the barge by John Maxwell and R. K. Dullard, acting under the direction of Brigadier General G. J. Rains and Captain Z. McDaniel. I have ordered the arrest of these persons, if they can be found, and will send you a copy of the report and indorsement.*

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, June 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General CULLUM, West Point, N. Y.:

I will be at West Point Tuesday morning.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 276. Washington, June 3, 1865.

* * * * *

5. Major General George G. Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac, will immediately send two regiments of troops belonging to Eastern States to Hart's Island, N. Y., to relieve the Pennsylvania troops now on duty there guarding prisoners of war. They will report to Major-General Dix, commanding Department of the East. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

6. Bvt. Brigadier General George H. Sharpe, colonel One hundred and twentieth New York Volunteers, is hereby relieved at his own request from duty at the headquarters Armies of the United States, as assistant provost-marshal-general, and will report for duty with his regiment.

* * * * *

8. Major General C. C. Augur, commanding Department of Washington, will send two brigades of cavalry of Louisville, Ky., to report to Major-General Logan, commanding army of the Tennessee. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

10. Major General George G. Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac, will send all Western troops, including those from the State of Ohio now serving in the Army of the Potomac and that are not to be discharged under existing orders, to Louisville, Ky., to report to Major-General Logan, commanding Army of the Tennessee. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Vol. XLII, Part I, p. 954.

---------------

