HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,June 4, 1865.

Major General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

I think a hospital ship of the utmost importance on this expedition to provide for the sick and to carry the medical stores. The Quartermaster-General does not wish to furnish one; the Surgeon-General has none. Shall I go without a hospital and take my medical stores as freight?

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Lincoln, Va., June 4, 1865

Bvt. Brigadier General C. S. RUSSELL,

Commanding Detached Brigade:

GENERAL: You will have your command in readiness to embark rapidly as soon as General Cole's brigade is embarked and transports arrive and are ready to receive your troops, your brigade being the last of the corps; all officers and men belonging to the corps left after General Cole's brigade leaves will be subject to your orders. You will see that none are left behind. As soon as your command is all embarked you will drop down the river and anchor in the "hole" off Fort Monroe. You will then see that each vessel containing troops is fitted for sea; any material necessary you can obtain on application to Colonel James, chief quartermaster Department of Virginia. While your vessels are being fitted out you will take one half of your officers at a time to Norfolk to be paid. Copy of telegram giving authority for this herewith inclosed. All this will be done with as little delay as possible. As soon as your vessels are ready and your officers paid you will proceed to Fort Gaines or Fort Morgan, Mobile Bay, where you will receive further orders. You will make a written report of each day's operations from the time you commence embarking your troops until you arrive at Mobile Bay. Each vessel containing your command will be furnished with sailing orders. You will be held responsible for the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Weitzel:

D. D. WHEELER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Lincoln, Va., June 4, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General G. W. COLE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, Twenty-fifth Army Corps:

As soon as the First Division of this corps is embarked you will have your command in readiness to embark rapidly whenever transports arrive and are ready for you. As soon as your command is embarked you will drop down the river and anchor in the "hole" off Fort Monroe. You will then see that each vessel containing troops is fitted for sea; any material necessary you can obtain on application to Colonel James, chief quartermaster Department of Virginia. While your vessels are being fitted out you will take one-half of your officers at a time to Norfolk to be paid. Copy of telegram giving authority for

