
by brevet for gallant conduct in the battles in front of Petersburg, and in the pursuit and capture of the Army of Northern Virginia in the spring campaign of 1865, to date from April 9, 1865.

These officers served with distinguished zeal and ability in the campaign of 1864 and 1865 against Richmond from and including the battle of the Wilderness to and including the surrender of the rebel Army of Northern Virginia. Bvt. Brigadier General C. B. Comstock was not present at the final surrender of General Lee, but was at the time in the discharge of equally important duties under General Canby in the siege and assault of the defenses of Mobile. They have all been brevetted in the volunteer service, but merit and deserve, for their long and valuable services, promotion in the regular army. I have no doubt it was the fault of my wording of my previous recommendation tha they were brevetted in the volunteer instead of the regular service. General Comstock's brevet was supposed to be in the regular army until after his confirmation was announced. Lieutenant Colonel Seth Williams, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Army, brigadier-general and brevet major-general of volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for gallant conduct in the battle of Gettysburg to date from July 3, 1863; to be brigadier-general by brevet for gallant and meritorious services from and including the battle of the Wilderness to and including the battles in front of Petersburg, to date from July 1, 1864.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 282. Washington, June 6, 1865.

* * * *

21. By direction of the President, Bvt. Brigadier General Peter S. Michie, U. S. Volunteers, first lieutenant, Corps of Engineers, is hereby relieved from assignment as assistant inspector-general of the Twenty-fifth Army Corps, with the rank and pay of lieutenant-colonel, under act of July 17, 1862.

* * * *

26. The resignations of the following-named officers have been accepted by the President, to take effect from the date set opposite their respective names: Brigadier General Edward W. Hinks, U. S. Volunteers, June 3, 1865; Brigadier General Benjamin F. Kelley, U. S. Volunteers, June 1, 1865; Brigadier General R. B. Hayes, U. S. Volunteers, June 1, 1865.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 283. Washington, June 6, 1865.

* * * *

3. Brigadier General W. F. Bartlett, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to the commanding general Ninth Army Corps for duty.

