
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, Numbers 19. June 6, 1865.

In accordance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, this corps will be passed in review through Washington City on Thursday, the 8th instant, in the following order, viz:

First, major-general commanding, staff and escort; second, First Division, Brevet Major-General Wheaton commanding; third, Second Division, Brevet Major-General Getty commanding; fourth, Third Division, Brevet Major-General Ricketts commanding; fifth, Artillery Brigade, Brevet Major Cowan commanding; sixth, detachment, Fiftieth New York Engineers, Brevet Major Van Brocklin commanding, with pontoon equipage in the order specified.

The troops will move from their camps at 4 a.m. of that day, and, crossing Long Bridge and proceeding up Maryland avenue, will be massed with the head of the column on Pennsylvania avenue, at the foot of the Capitol grounds. At 9 a.m. the column will be put in motion, along Pennsylvania avenue, taking wheeling distance by head of column, and, passing the reviewing stand in front of the President's house, will return to the camps by way of the Aqueduct Bridge.

On massing with the head of the column at the foot of the Capitol grounds, as above directed, the formation of the infantry column will be by companies, equalized for each regiment, and not exceeding twenty files. Where the company front exceeds this the formation will be by platoons. The artillery will move with battery front, and the pontoon trains as may be directed by its commander. Six ambulances will follow each brigade, three abreast.

On starting from the Capitol the troops will march in cadenced step to Seventeenth street, and arms will be carried at right-shoulder shift from the Capitol to the State Department and thence at a shoulder past the reviewing stand to Seventeenth street. All commissioned officers will salute, and division and brigade commanders, after passing, will turn out and join the reviewing officer while their commands are passing. Brigade bands, after passing the reviewing stand, will be turned out to the right and continue playing until the brigade to which they belong have passed.

The corps flag will be placed at a point six paces before reaching the reviewing stand, to indicate the palce at which officers and flags are to salute. As the reviewing stand will be on the left of the column the guides of the column will be on the left.

All maimed men and those unable to make the march will be left behind as camp guards. The troops will move without knapsacks and with one day's rations in their haversacks.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NORFOLK, VA., June 6, 1865.

Brevet Major-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

I have heard nothing as yet in answer to my dispatch about the hospital boat. I should like to have it settled before I go to sea. Will you please answer to Fort Monroe before 9 o'clock to-morrow morning?

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

