
WASHINGTON, June 6, 1865-3.35 p.m.

Major-General WEITZEL,

City Point, Va.:

No hospital ship can be furnished your command. It is not supposed that you will start with sick men, and as you put in at Mobile any that become sick after starting can be left there.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, June 6, 1865-10.20 p.m.

Major General GODFREY WEITZEL:

Fort Monroe, Va.:

Your dispatch about hospital steamer was referred to the Surgeon-General, but it is thought you will not need one as you are taking no sick with you. Transportation for medical supplies and sufficient accommodation for those who may fall sick en route can be had on the transports conveying the troops, and they can be transferred to hospitals where your expedition is to touch, near Mobile. You will therefore go forward without a hospital steamer unless you receive other orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant;

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION Numbers 55. Washington, D. C. June 6, 1865.

In accordance with instructions from the War Department, all dismounted volunteer cavalry of this command will be immediately discharged the service. The musters out will be made by commissaries of musters and their assistants, and the troops afterward forwarded to their respective States for payment. The general principles of General Orders, Numbers 94, of the 15th ultimo from the War Department, will be applied in executing this order. Department and other independent commanders will report to these headquarters without delay the number of men of their respective commands to be discharged under this order.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

E. W. CLARK, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., June 6, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Referring to telegram of 2nd instant, directing that all general and staff officers within this department whose services can be dispensed with be relieved and ordered to their respective places of residence, to report thence by letter to the Adjutant-General of the

