
Army, I have the honor to report that the only general officers assigned to this department are those named in command of the following districts and brigades, viz:

First Separate Brigade, Brigadier General J. R. Kenly, U. S. Volunteers, commanding, headquarters Relay House, on Baltimore and Ohio Railroad. The command includes the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to Point of Rocks, the counties of Anne Arundel, Calvert, and part of Baltimore, Carroll, Frederick, Howard, and Montgomery Counties.

Second Separate Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Morris, U. S. Army, commanding. Includes Forts McHenry, Marshall, Federal Hill, and Carroll.

Third Separate Brigade, Brigadier General H. H. Lockwood, U. S. Volunteers, commanding. This command includes Baltimore City and County, and the counties of Harford, and Cecil, Havre de Grace, and the bridges at Gunpowder, Bush, and Back Rivers, on the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad.

District of Delaware and Eastern Shore of Maryland, Colonel J. M. Wilson, One hundred and fifty-fifth Indiana Volunteers, commanding headquarters, Wilmington, Del. This command includes the State of Delaware and counties of the Eastern Shore of Maryland.

District of Annapolis, Colonel F. D. Sewall, Veteran Reserve Corps, commanding. Includes city of Annapolis and Camp Parole.

The staff officers on duty at headquarters of each district and brigade are limited in numbers and at present are all needed, except Major W. H. Wiegel, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, who was originally assigned to the brigade as captain and assistant adjutant-general, and was promoted to major while serving as assistant provost-marshal of this department.

I respectfully submit this statement for the information of Lieutenant-General Grant, and will await instructions before making any changes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES.

Richmond, June 7, 1865.

Major-General ORD, Commanding Department of Virginia:

GENERAL: You will permit the agents of the Austrian Government to remove from this State any tobacco which the agents of the U. S. Treasury Department may designate as belonging to that Government. It is represented that this Austrian tobacco consists of 122 hogsheads at Richmond and d27 at Petersburg; 149 in all.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,H. W. HALLECK,

(Copies to Mr. Loomis and to Adjutant-General of the Army.)

FORT MONROE, VA., June 7, 1865.

(Received 10.30 a.m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Washington;

Your dispatch concerning hospital boats received. I go to sea at 12 m. to-day.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

