
WASHINGTON, June 7, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

I am directed up the Secretary of War to send a party to bury the dead yet unburied on the battle-fields of Spotsylvania and the Wilderness. They will disembark at Belle Plain, and will be engaged, say, two weeks.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, June 7, 1865

Captain JAMES M. MOORE,

Assistant Quartermaster:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you report immediately to Major-General Hancock, commanding Middle Military Division, to take charge of the duty of the burial of the Union soldiers, portions of whose remains, it is reported, are lying exposed on the fields of the engagements at the Wilderness and Spotsylvania and that vicinity. Please report without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. HARDIE,

Bvt. Brigadier General and Inspector-General, U. S. Army.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., June 7, 1865.

Major E. B. BLUNDON,

Guyandotte, W. Va.:

I wish you to send a patrol about once in ten days as far as Logan Cour-House through the country between Guyandotte and Big Sandy Rivers, to see that the country is kept quiet and arrest all disturbed of good order. The patrol must be small, so as to be easy on the people in the matter of grazing, etc. Always send good men, who will commit no irregularities. Answer.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 285. Washington, June 7, 1865.

* * * * *

43. By direction of the President Bvt. Colonel Edward W. Smith, lieutenant-colonel and assistant adjutant-general of the Twenty-fifth Army Corps, is hereby transferred to the staff of the Department of Virginia, to date from May 26, 1865.

* * * * *

115. Bvt. Colonel J. C. Duane, major, Corps of Engineers, is hereby relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac and assigned to the command of the post at Willet's Point, East River, New York Harbor, and to the superintendence of the defenses now constructing at that locality.

116. The companies of the Engineer Battalion, U. S. Army, with the exception of one company to the ordered to West Point, N. Y., and one-half company to continue at the engineer depot in this city, for

