
the purpose of receiving and taking charge of the engineer materials thereat, will be at once sent to Willet's Point, East River, New York Harbor. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 286. Washington, June 7, 1865.

* * * * *

3. All officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the Signal Corps, U. S. Army, serving in the Departments of Virginia and North Carolina, will proceed to the signal camp at Georgetown, D. C. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,

Richmond, Va., June 8, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington:

SIR: I respectfully call you attention to some matters relating to the Tredegar Iron Works in this city. It is understood that these works belong to a joint stock company. It is said that some of this stock belongs to loyal men in the North, but the larger part of it is owned by Joseph R. Anderson and the Archers, who are citizens of Virginia and, who took part willingly, or unwillingly, in the rebellion. These men, it is understood, have, since the surrender of Lee's army, taken the oath of allegiance to the United States, and ask to be restored to their rights, and desire to perform the duties of loyal citizens. Whether either of these stockholders-and, if any, how many- are entitled to the benefits of the amnesty proclamations of President Lincoln and President Johnson, is not for me to decide. All, however, I believe desire the benefits of the amnesty or a special pardon. A part of the machinery used in the Tredegar Iron Works belongs, I am informed, to the firm of Dilworth, Porter &amp; Co., of Pittsburg, Pa., and they have a large claim upon the firm of Joseph R. Anderson & Co., for the use of this machinery during the war, on a contract entered into before the rebellion. These works have been operated and managed by J. R. Anderson & Co. during the war and mostly, it is believed, for the benefit, or in filling orders, of the rebel government; partly in manufacturing ordnance stores, and partly in manufacturing and repairing rolling-stock for railroads controlled at the time by that government. Mr. Anderson and other stockholders and their friends allege that this was a matter of necessity and compulsion, the company having been notified that it must execute all orders of the Confederate authorities or that government would seize upon the works and use them exclusively for its own purposes, as was done in many other cases. How true these allegations may be I am unable to decide.

