HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., June 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. J. GREENFIELD,

Commanding, Moorefield:

COLONEL: The following instructions are communicated, by direction of the general commanding, for your guidance, while stationed at Moorefield. The military force at interior points is expected to assist in the enforcement of the laws and the preservation of good order in the community. To this end the highest discipline in the command will be maintained. The rights of persons and property will be respected, and every aid and facility given to the reorganization of the civil courts, and to the enforcement of the mandates issuing therefrom after they are in working order. Questions that properly belong to the civil authorities will be left, as far as may be, to their decision, and these include controversies between citizens as to claims for personal property whether such claims are alleged to have accrued while one or both of the parties were in the military service of the so-called Confederate, States, or otherwise. On the other hand, matters which appear to you to have a purely military signification and effect, as where a military offense only is alleged and charged, or where the faith of the Government seems to have been pledged for the protection of persons and property, and interference therewith is intended or threatened, will be referred to these headquarters, through the division commander, for specific instructions and decision. Should it come to your knowledge that arms or other property used at any time against the Government are kept and concealed within your jurisdiction by citizens or others you are directed to seize and take them into your possession for transfer to the proper officers. You will report your arrival at Moorefield, and from time to time the situation of affairs in the Valley, the disposition of the citizens toward the troops and the civil authorities, and generally all matters which affect or grow out of the proposed restoration of civil power. An early report will state whether steps have been taken by the citizens or State authorities to organize the courts, &amp;c., and, if so, the names of the judges and other county officers elected or appointed will be submitted.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. MELVIN

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER, &C.,

Washington, June 12, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: By Special Orders, Numbers 288, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, I am directed to report for duty to the Chief Engineer, U. S. Army. Under actual orders from the lieutenant-general I am actively engaged in superintending surveys of the defenses of Richmond and Petersburg and of the battle-fields connected therewith. This duty will not be completed for several weeks. Before leaving for the West the lieutenant-general left a memorandum for orders to be issued to me on my return from Richmond, to report on the organization, equipment, &c., of engineer troops for service in this country; upon the most suitable kinds, forms, and construction of engineer material, and

