
upon the use of field fortifications, as the experience of the war has taught. This report, adequately executed, will require at least six months of hard labor, and in an engineering point o view, or in its relations to the general military service hereafter, is second in importance to no engineering duty that could be assigned me.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. G. BARNARD,

Bvt. Major General and Chief Engineer of Armies of Operating in the Field.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 297. Washington, June 12, 1865.

* * * * *

10. Brigadier General H. A. Barnum, U. S. Volunteers, will report to the commanding general, Department of Washington, for assignment to duty.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE JAMES, Numbers 10. Richmond, Va., June 12, 1865

I. The jurisdiction of the court of conciliation in the city of Richmond is hereby extended over the counties of Henrico and Chesterfield. This court will take cognizance of and arbitrate all cases which may be brought before it in regard to the possession of real or personal property, and all case arising upon alleged breaches of contract, where the contract was made, or any of the defendants may reside, in the city of Richmond or counties of Henrico or Chesterfield.

II. The court is hereby authorized to make such restraining orders as may be deemed requisite for the protection or preservation of any property which may be the subject of litigation is said court.

III. The military authorities in the city of Richmond and counties of Henrico and Chesterfield will refer to this court all questions which come properly within its jurisdiction, and will, whenever required, give the officer of the court such assistance as may be necessary to enforce the orders of the court.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 34. June 12, 1865.

The following telegram from the War Department is published for general information:

WASHINGTON, June 10, 1865.

COMMANDING GENERAL, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC:

Under General Orders, Numbers 101, May 30, current year, from this office, soldiers honorably mustered out who desire to do so are authorized to retain their arms and accouterments on paying thereof their value. To this end soldiers who desire to

