
RICHMOND, VA., June 15, 1865

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington,

Having received your order of assignment of the 10th instant, I am ready to turn over this command at any moment, but do not object to remain here so long as the Government may desire. Everything is quiet and satisfactory. General Terry is in command of Department of Virginia and General Ord left this morning. To whom shall Generals Terry and Schofield report when I give up the command?

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 113. Washington, June 15, 1865.

Order in relation to sale of unserviceable quartermaster's property.

I. Chief quartermaster of military departments the chief of the inspection division, and the regularly assigned inspectors of the Quartermaster's Department, will immediately cause to be made and forwarded to the Quartermaster-General invoices of such articles of clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and quartermaster's stores, as on personal inspection, they may find unserviceable or worthless to the Government; and also of such articles as it would be more economical to the Government to sell than to ship to other points. The latter invoices will be separate from the former. The sale of the property embraced in these invoices having been approved by the Quartermaster-General they will be submitted to the Secretary of War for his orders. All proceedings subsequent to any order of sale that may be given will be conducted according to the regulations by due advertisement, &amp;c.

II. No sale of public buildings, barracks, quarters, stables, &c., will be made except on an order of the Quartermaster-General, approved by the Secretary of War, indorsed upon a report to be made in each case in the usual form.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 114. Washington, June 15, 1865.

Soldiers honorably discharged will be permitted to retain, without charge, their knapsacks, haversacks, and canteens.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS PROVOST-MARSHAL,Amelia Court-House, June 15, 1865.

I have the honor to report that according to instructions I sent a portion of this command to examine into the condition of the dead on the different battle-fields mentioned. The officer in command reports

