
having buried five Federal soldiers on Foster's plantation, two of which had lain on the field since the battle. Found seventeen bodies at Sailor's Creek (ten of which were Confederate) that the recent heavy rains had washed the covering from. These were reburied; also one found near Amelia Springs. Diligent search was made at Appomattox Court-House but found no bodies uncovered.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully your obedient servant,

S. R. CLARK,

Brevet Colonel and Provost-Marshal, Amelia Co., Va.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE NOTTOWAY,Petersburg, Va., June 19, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

Attention invited to inclosed report.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Richmond, Va., June 20, 1865.

Respectfully returned to headquarters Military Division of the James and attention invited to inclosed report.

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,June 22, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Armies of the United States. For Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,June 15, 1865

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I have had the honor several times to present the name of Colonel and Bvt. Brigadier . General W. H. Penrose for promotion to the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers, but thus far those recommendations have not been favorably acted upon. General Penrose, at my urgent instance and as an act of absolute necessity to insure the proper handling of the troops was placed in command of the New Jersey brigade of this corps during the sanguinary battles near Spotsylvania Court-House, in May of last year, and has continued in command thereof to the present time with the exception of some three months when he was absent in consequence of a severe wound received in the battle of Cedar Creek on the 19th of October last. Many worse appointments have been made, and few more deserved, and I would ask, in justice to a most meritorious officer, that he be promoted to the rank of full brigadier-general of volunteers, the brevet of which he now holds, dating from the battle of Cedar Creek, on the 19th of October, 1864.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

