
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Numbers 76. Richmond, Va., June 17, 1865.

The following-named officers are announced on the personal staff of Bvt. Major General N. M. Curtis, chief of staff, Department of Virginia, and assigned to duty at these headquarters. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly: First Lieutenant Adjt. D. A. Nevins, One hundred and sixty-ninth New York Infantry, aide-de-camp; First Lieutenant Adjt. D. Beebe, Third New York Infantry, aide-de-camp.

By command of Major-General Terry:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., June 17, 1865-3 p.m.

(Received 4.40 p.m.)

Colonel A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Middle Military Division:

Telegram of 16th instant received. The cavalry in this command number 29 officers and 517 men. Smith's Independent Company Maryland Cavalry, now stationed at Salisbury, might be mustered out of the service without detriment, provided the general commanding can send me a detachment, better disciplined, to take their place at Salisbury. The state of public feeling on the Eastern Shore requires a force in hand at a convenient post. There is still in these counties great exasperation excited by the return of rebel citizens and soldiers. The rest of my cavalry command (total present and absent, 414) I do not regard as sufficient to perform the duty required of them. The commanding general will readily understand what force is required to patrol Baltimore, especially should there be any excitement or trouble between soldiers, of whom thousands are constantly passing through, and guard the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad to the Monocacy River. Instead of reducing the cavalry in my department, it is my judgment that a couple of squadrons additional would be beneficial.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

In the absence of the major-general commanding;

GEO. H. HOOKER,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 47. Alexandria, Va., June 17, 1865.

* * * * * *

6. Brigadier General William F. Bartlett, U. S. Volunteers, having reported at these headquarters pursuant to paragraph 3, Special Orders 283, current series, Headquarters of the Army, is hereby assigned to the permanent command of the Second Brigade, First Division, Ninth Army Corps, and during the absence of Brevet Major-General Willcox, commanding Ninth Army Corps, will assume temporary command of the First Division, relieving Bvt. Brigadier General N. B. McLaughlen, U. S. Volunteers.

7. Bvt. Brigadier General N. B. McLaughlen, U. S. Volunteers, upon being relieved of the command of the First Division by Brigadier General William F. Bartlett, U. S. Volunteers, will reassume command of the Third Brigade, First Division.

By command of Bvt. Major General O. B. Willcox;

JNO. D. BERTOLETTE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

