
[Indorsement.]

JUNE 20, 1865

Approved.

Telegraph order to General Schofield.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE JAMES, Numbers 29. Richmond, Va., June 20, 1865

I. Brigadier General Joseph R. Hawley, U. S. Volunteers, and Captain E. Lewis Moore, assistant adjutant-general, are relieved from duty in the Department of North Carolina and will report to Major General A. H. Terry, commanding Department of Virginia, for assignment and orders.

By order of Major General H. W. Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF THE NOTTOWAY,

Petersburg, Va., June 20, 1865.

General N. M. CURTIS,

Chief of Staff, Department of Virginia:

GENERAL: For the information of the major-general commanding I have the honor to state that directions have been given to carry out in Dinwiddie and Brunswick Counties the requirements of the Secretary of War respecting Amherst County. I did not know, until I saw a report of the proceedings in Dinwiddie County, that any meeting had been held in Brunswick. These meetings can practically work no injury to colored people within the limits of my command, because all my officers are instructed to look properly and carefully to their interests in the agreements between employer and employed, and I have every reason to believe those interests are attended to. No fixed rate of wages is adhered to. My orders are that the amount paid shall be fair and reasonable to be determined by the circumstances in each case. No complaints come from or concerning them on that ground, and there are those who would make complaint promptly provided any cause existed. In most instances, and almost invariably in the cases where the former master hires his former slave, a greater or less number of the relations of the employe who are nonproductive are kept and provided for by the employer. The compensation of the employe is required to be such as will enable him to clothe himself properly and to meet such other expenses as are absolutely necessary. It is considered that this as a beginning is all that can be expected of and by either party, and while, as stated, no complaints are made on the part of the colored people the whites often complain of the breaking of his compelled to fulfill his part of the contract. Everything is being done to secure the rights of both parties and no meetings or resolutions of either shall be permitted to be prejudicial to the other if it can be prevented. The information required will be forwarded as soon as obtained.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF

Major-General.

