
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE JAMES, Numbers 11. Richmond, Va., June 21, 1865

I. All persons, as Quakers, Nazarenes, and others, who have religious scruples against taking the ordinary oath are permitted in place of swearing to solemnly affirm. Such affirmation is a binding as an oath both in law and upon the conscience. All officers, civil and military, in enforcing the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 4, of April 28, current series,will only require the affirmation from persons who are unwilling from religious scruples to take a formal oath.

II. Special applications on this subject to these headquarters, will no longer be acted on.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, Numbers 130. June 21, 1865

* * * * *

2. Bvt. Brigadier General O. Edwards, colonel Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, is relieved from the command of the Third Brigade, First Division, and will proceed to join his regiment at Gallop's Island, Boston Harbor, Massachusetts. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, Numbers 90. June 21, 1865

* * * * *

II. Bvt. Major William McElhaney, Fourth Regiment New Jersey Volunteers, is hereby announced as acting inspector-general of this division. He wil relieve Lieutenant Colonel R. P. Lincoln, Thirty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, in the duties of that department, Lieutenant-Colonel Lincoln having been ordered to the command of the Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers in the Second Corps.

* * * * *

By command of Brevet Major-General Wheaton:

GEO. CLENDENIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL CIRCULAR.] WASHINGTON, June 22, 1865

All department commanders commanding in States where martial law prevails will immediately put detectives upon the watch for gambling houses, especially faro banks, and at the appropriate time make a descent upon them all simultaneously, arresting all disbursing officers of the Government who may be found gambling in them or visitants therein at the time, and who, it can be proven, had previously gambled at such places. The gambling institutions will be completely broken up, and their money and stock confiscated, and the owners or proprie-

