
tors of such gambling institutions be made to disgorge and refund all money the have won from United States disbursing officers. The officer so taken will be imprisoned and tried immediately.

The same proceeding will be taken by department commanders in the North, within their respective commands in the cities where disbursing officers may be located, except that instead of confiscating the money and stock of the gambling establishments or compelling, by military action, the owners and proprietors of the same to disgorge or refund any moneys they may have won from disbursing officers of the Government, they will be immediately reported to the civil authorities for their action.

This will be kept strictly confidential except so far as it may be necessary to communicate it to those who are to carry it into execution.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 22, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER SECOND CORPS:

The commanding general directs me to say that, as existing orders for discharge of troops will reduce each corps of this army to the organization of a division, he desires you to nominate the general officers of your command most entitled to and best fitted for assignment to command of such division and the several brigades of which it will be composed. These recommendations will be made with the understanding that general officers rendered supernumerary will be granted leaves of absence pending further orders in their respective cases.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to commanding officers Fifth and Sixth Army Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,June 22, 1865

Brevet Brigadier-General COMSTOCK,

Headquarters Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 19th instant stating that the sum of $460 had been placed in the hands of Lieutenant-General Grant as a reward for gallantry for the man who should first raise our flag over Richmond, and that, as Richmond was not taken by assault, he deems the donor's wishes will be best carried out by dividing the sum between three men one to be selected by General Wright as most conspicuous for gallantry in the carrying of the enemy's line at Petersburg by Wright, one ot be selected by Gibbon for gallantry in the assault on the fort south of Petersburg on the inner line by the Twenty-fourth Corps, and one by Sheridan for gallantry at the battle of Five Forks, has been received. The communication was at once referred to division commanders for the name of the man of their respective commands deemed by them most entitled to the reward, and in reply thereto the following names have been presented:

First Division, Bvt. Major General Frank Wheaton commanding. Sergt. Hugh McCann, Company A, Ninety-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, as the enlisted man most conspicuous for gallantry at Petersburg, and who lost a leg in the assault.

