
Second Division, Bvt. Major General George W. Getty commanding. Three names are presented from this division, one from each brigade, as follows; Color Sergt. David W. Young, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who placed the first colors of the brigade upon the enemy's works, and who was severely wounded in the subsequent operations of the day. Second, Corpl. Henry H. Recor, Company A, Fifth Vermont Veteran Volunteers, as the one most conspicuous for gallantry in the carrying of the enemy's line at Petersburg April 2, 1865. Third, Color Sergt. John Mensch, Company B, Battalion Forty-ninth New York Volunteers, as the man who most distinguished himself in the assault on the enemy's lines on the 2nd of April last. As the division commander did not decide between these three men I directed that the selection be made by lot, to be drawn by an enlisted man of the division. The name drawn was that of Color Sergt. David W. Young, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Third Division, Bvt. Major General T. Seymour commanding. Sergt. John E. Buffington, Company C, Sixth Maryland Volunteers, who is believed to have been the first enlisted man of the Third Division who mounted the parapet of the enemy's lines at Petersburg April 2, 1865.

Between these three men, from each division, the selection made by lot in my presence and that of several staff officers, fell upon Color Sergt. David W. Young, One hundred and thirty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, First Brigade, Second Division, Sixth Corps, and I therefore recommend that the third of the sum of $460 be awarded to him as the most conspicuous in gallantry in the carrying of the enemy's lines at Petersburg.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., June 22, 1865.

Major General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Department of Virginia:

GENERAL; Where destitute colored people in the country cannot be cared for by their former masters or procure support by their labor for others, commanding officers of districts, in concert with officers of General Howard's bureau, will provide for their care and support at suitable places in the country. They will neither be brought nor permitted to come to this city, where they can obtain no labor and are liable to be contaminated by city vices. It is estimated by the governor that there is at present a colored population in Richmond of from 30,000 to 35,000-more, by far, than can obtain employment. All accessions to this population must necessarily be supported by the Government, but in the country they can at least partly support themselves, either by labor for others or by cultivating patches of land and raising vegetables for their own use and for the market. This policy is concurred in by General Howard and should be strictly enforced.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

