
IV. As soon as the artillery, ammunition, and other stores are removed from any fort, battery, or block-house, the garrison thereof will be withdrawn, and only sufficient guard left to protect the property. This guard will remain until further orders from these headquarters.

V. Such property and material belonging to the Engineer Department within the forts to be dismantled, as in the opinion of the chief engineer of the defenses may be needed for the completion of the forts to be retained, or is of such nature as would render it liable to injury, or to be stolen, will be at once removed to the works where needed, or turned into the nearest engineer depot.

VI. The chief of artillery and chief engineer of the defenses will render, with as little delay as practicable to these headquarters, reports of their action taken under the provisions of this order, and schedule exhibiting proper strength of garrison for each work to be retained.

VII. The chief quartermaster, Department of Washington, will furnish the necessary transportation for execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Parke:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MILITARY DIV. OF THE JAMES, Numbers 30. Richmond, Va., June 24, 1865.

In accordance with the instructions of the Secretary of War, the Tredegar Iron Works in this city and all property belonging thereto will be turned over to the proper officers of the Treasury Department of the United States.

By order of Major General H. W. Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., June 24, 1865

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Bvt. Major General N. M. Curtis, U. S. Volunteers, is as well qualified to command a division as any officer in this department. His present brevet does not give him the rank or pay of a division commander, should he be assigned as such, as was my intention and I think is that of General Terry. That he may so command and be properly rewarded for his services, I respectfully recommend he be appointed major-general of volunteers, to date from the capture of Fort Fisher.

Respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 25, 1865

Major General H. W. HALLECK, U. S. Army,

Richmond, Va.:

By direction of the President the Division of the Pacific has been created, to embrace the Departments of the Columbia and California.

