
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 26, 1865

Major General W. S. HANCOCK, U. S. Volunteers.

Commanding Middle Military Division, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Your communication of the 20th instant, requesting to be informed if it is intended that the Fifth and Sixth Regiments, U. S. Cavalry, now stationed respectively at Cumberland and Frederick, Md., shall remain in their present locations or if they are to be ordered to report to Major-General Crook, or otherwise affected by orders already issued or that may be issued for the reorganization of the cavalry force, has been received. In reply I have the honor to inform you that your communication was submitted to the lieutenant-general commanding, by whom it has been returned to this office with the following indorsement, viz:

This cavalry may, under present orders relating to the cavalry in the Middle Military Division be considered as a part of the necessary cavalry force for duty in the Middle Military Division and subject to be ordered wherever its services may be required but so long as the necessities of the service will admit of their remaining at their present station it is advisable that they be kept there. Of this necessity the commanding general Middle Military Division will be the judge.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 118. Washington, June 27, 1865

The President directs that the United States be divided into military divisions and sub-divided into military departments as follows:

DEPARTMENTS.

1. The Department of the East, Major General Joseph Hooker to command, to embrace the New England States, New York, and New Jersey; headquarters at New York City.

2. The Middle Department, Major General W. S. Hancock to command, to embrace the States of West Virginia, Maryland (except the counties of Anne Arundel, Prince George's, Calvert, Charles and Saint Mary's), the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in Virginia, the States of Delaware and Pennsylvania; headquarters at Baltimore.

3. The Department of Washington, Major General C. C. Augur to command, to embrace the District of Columbia, the counties of Anne Arundel, Prince George's, Calvert, Charles, and Saint Mary's,in Maryland, and Fairfax County, in Virginia; headquarters at Washington.

4. The Department of the Ohio, Major General E. O. C. Ord to command, to embrace the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Michigan, headquarters at Detroit.

5. The Department of the Tennessee, Major General George Stoneman to command, to embrace the State of Tennessee; headquarters at Knoxville.

6. The Department of Kentucky, Major General John M. Palmer to command, to embrace the State of Kentucky; headquarters at Louisville.

7. The Department of the Missouri, Major General John Pope to command, to embrace the States of Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas, and the Territories of Nebraska, Dakota, and Montana; headquarters at Fort Leavenworth.

8. The Department of Virginia, Major General Alfred H. Terry to command, to embrace the State of Virginia, excepting Fairfax County and the line of the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad; headquarters at Richmond.

