
ably not reach Norfolk before to-morrow, and if possible he will be stopped at Fort Monroe. He had been ordered from the White House m to Norfolk.

By command of Major-General Ord:

THEODORE READ,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, March 16, 1865-10.40 a. m.

Colonel ROBERTS,

Commanding Fort Monroe:

Try and stop Colonel Sumner as he come down from the York River on transports with his regiment, and direct him to come on up the river without going to Norfolk, as previously ordered. He will probably not be down before to-morrow, when you can send out a tug and if possible intercept him.

By command Major-General Ord:

THEODORE READ,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WHITE HOUSE, VA., March 16, 1865-12 m.

(Received 7.45 p. m.)

Major General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, City Point, Va.:

Scouts sent out last night returned this morning, saying they went to within four miles of Hanover Court-House and conversed with the people in that vicinity, and all report a fight yesterday in vicinity of Ashland Station, though they say Sheridan had not crossed the South Anna. The people say Pickett's division and a brigade of cavalry went to Ashland to oppose Sheridan. The cavalry has gone out again to-day, and will go as far as Bottom's Bridge. No other information known. The steamer with this goes to Fort Monroe for stores for the steam-boats, and will bring back any dispatches for us.

BABCOOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Handed to me by Lieutenant-Colonel Babcock, of Lieutenant-General Grant's staff.

JESSE J. UNDERHILL,

Captain and Actg. Asst. Quartermaster to General Roberts' Brigade.

CITY POINT, VA., March 16, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel BABCOCK,

White House:

(Care of Captain James, quartermaster, Fort Monroe.)

Your dispatch received. I sent orders for Colonel Roberts to return if Sheridan does not arrive by Saturday. Of course this does not apply if Sheridan is heard from and it is known that he is going to White House. Dispatches are received from Sherman himself from Fayetteville. All was well with him.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

