SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 336. Washington, June 27, 1865.

* * * * *

5. Major General George Crook, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from command of the Cavalry Corps, Department of Washington, and will proceed to his place of residence, and from there report to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders.

6. The following-named officers will report without delay to Brevet Major-General Gibbs, U. S. Volunteers, New York City, to proceed to Texas, and there report to Major-General Sheridan, U. S. Army: Captain A. M. Halberstadt, First Provisional Pennsylvania Cavalry; Captain R. M. Sheppard, Second Provisional Pennsylvania Cavalry.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

June 27, 1865

Bvt. Brigadier General GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In obedience to the instructions contained in your communication of the 22nd instant I have the honor to nominate the following-named general officers for assignment to the command of the division to which this corps will be reduced by the discharge of troops, under existing orders, and the brigades of which that division will be composed:

For the command of the division, Bvt. Major General Gershom Mott (Major General Francis C. Barlow does not desire the command of this division); for the command of one brigade, Brigadier General R. de Trobriand: for the command of another brigade, Brigadier General B. R. Pierce; for the command of the third brigade, either Bvt. Major General George N. Macy colonel Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, or Bvt. Brigadier General John Ramsey, colonel Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, whoever of these is the ranking officer, both having been assigned according to their rank of brigadier-general by brevet, should have command.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Richmond, Va., June 27, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Bvt. Major General N. M. Curtis entered the service of the United States in May, 1862, as a captain; he was promoted to be lieutenant-colonel in October, 1862; to be colonel in January, 1863; to be brigadier-general by brevet in October, 1864; brigadier-general in January, 1865, and major-general by brevet in March, 1865. March, 1865. In every rank in which he has served he has been conspicuous for personal courage, for zealous performance of duty, and for unusual military talent. Twice previously wounded, he was severely and permanently injured while

