
leading the assault on Fort Fisher in January last. I have served with him nearly two years, and I have never known him to be in action without receiving the warm commendations of his commanding officer for his good conduct. In consideration of his long and faithful service, of his military ability, and in view of the fact that I earnestly desire to assign him to command an important district in this department in which there is now a brevet major-general of prior date to himself, whom I desire to retain as a subordinate to General Curtis, I respectfully recommend his promotion to the full rank of major-general to rank from the 15th of January, 1865, or, if that be not possible, to rank not later than March 11, 1865.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, No. 55. Alexandria, Va., June 27, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

4. The Artillery Brigade, Ninth Army Corps, having been discontinued, Bvt. Brigadier General John C. Tidball [colonel Fourth New York Heavy Artillery] is hereby relieved from duty with the Ninth Army Corps, and will rejoin his regiment, serving in De Russy's division, for duty.

By command of Bvt. Major General O. B. Willcox:

JNO. D. BERTOLETTE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 339. Washington, June 28, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

4. Upon the execution of existing orders for the muster out of troops in the Army of the Potomac, Major General G. G. Meade will consolidate each of the existing corps into a division and organize from these divisions a provisional corps, assigning Major General H. G. Wright to the command of the same. All officers relieved under this order will proceed to their places of residence and report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army-General Wright will march it to some point on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad west of the Monocacy, to be selected by him for healthfulness of location and convenience to supplies.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 28, 1865.

SOLDIERS: This day, two years, I assumed command of you under the orders of the President of the United States. To-day, by virtue of

