
the same authority, this army ceasing to exist, I have to announce my transfer to other duties and my separation from you.

It is unnecessary to enumerate here all that has occurred in these two eventful years, from the grand and decisive battle of Gettysburg, the turning point of the war, to the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia at Appomattox Court-House. Suffice it to say that history will do you justice, a grateful country will honor the living, cherish and support the disabled, and sincerely mourn the dead.

In parting from you your commanding general will ever bear in memory your noble devotion to your country, your patience and cheerfulness under all the privations and sacrifices you have been called on to endure.

Soldiers! having accomplished the work set before us, having vindicated the honor and integrity of our Government and flag, let us return thanks to Almighty God for His blessing in granting us victory and peace, and let us earnestly pray for strength and light to discharge our duties as citizens, as we have endeavored to discharge them as soldiers.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, No. 35. June 28, 1865.

By virtue of Special Orders, No. 339, current series, from the Adjutant-General's Office, this army, as an organization, ceases to exist.

The troops not already directed to be mustered out will be consolidated in each corps into divisions of three brigades each, to be commanded respectively as follows, viz:

First Division [from Sixth Corps], Bvt. Major General G. W. Getty commanding division: First Brigade, Brigadier General T. Seymour commanding; Second Brigade, Bvt. Major General Frank Wheaton commanding; Third Brigade, Brigadier General J. E. Hamblin commanding.

Second Division [from Second Corps], Bvt. Major General Gershom Mott commanding division: First Brigade, Brigadier General B. R. Pierce commanding; Third Brigade, Bvt. Major General G. N. Macy commanding.

Third Division [from Fifth Corps], Bvt. Major General R. B. Ayres commanding division: First Brigade, Brigadier General J. L. Chamberlain commanding; Second Brigade, Brigadier General Henry Baxter commanding; Third Brigade, Brigadier General Joseph Hayes, commanding.

These divisions will be organized temporarily into a provisional corps, to be commanded by Major General H. G. Wright.

So soon as this organization shall have been effected, and all the regiments now ordered out of service shall have left, the division commanders herein named out of service shall have left, the division commanders herein named will report to Major-General Wright, who will march the Provisional Corps to some healthy location on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, west of the Monocacy, selecting such place as will afford facilities for supplying the command, and as will be the least injuriour to private property in the vicinity.

The necessary transportation for this movement will be furnished by the quartermaster's department.

On reaching the position herein indicated, Major-General Wright will make his returns to Major-General Hancock, commanding Middle Department.

