
The following officers of the general staff are assigned to duty with the divisions and brigades of the corps, viz:

First division: Major Andrew J. Smith, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Major and Bvt. Colonel Hazard Stevens, assistant adjutant-general, volunteers, division inspector; Major J. F. Hazelton, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; Captain H. B. Masters, commissary of subsistence of volunteers. First Brigade-Major George Clendenin, jr., assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Captain Benjamin Saylor, commissary of subsistence of volunteers; Captain Simeon Spicer, assistant quartermaster of volunteers. Second Brigade-Captain M. Barber, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Captain Thomas O'Hare, commissary of subsistence of volunteers; assistant quartermaster, vacant, Third Brigade-Assistant adjutant-general, vacant; Captain H. W. Kingsley, commissary of subsistence of volunteers; assistant quartermaster, vacant.

Second Division: Major William R. Driver, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Captain C. J. Queen, commissary of subsistence of volunteers; Major George W. Johnes, assistant quartermaster of volunteers. First Brigade-Captain and Bvt. Major J. P. Finkelmeier, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Major James Gleason, captain and assistant quartermaster, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; Captain A. Hubbell, commissary of subsistence of volunteers. Second Brigade-Captain A. C. Paul, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Captain Levi Wells, commissary of subsistence of volunteers; Captain D. F. Ellsworth, assistant quartermaster of volunteers. Third Brigade-Assistant adjutant-general, vacant; Captain W. A. Nichols, commissary of subsistence of volunteers; Captain John Fahy, assistant quartermaster of volunteers.

Third Division: Assistant adjutant-general, vacant; Captain Percy B. Spear, commissary of subsistence of volunteers; Captain James T. Woodall, assistant quartermaster of volunteers; Surg. W. R. De Witt, surgeon-in-chief. First Brigade-Captain William Fowler, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Captain E. W. Warren, commissary of subsistence of volunteers; assistant quartermaster, vacant. Second Brigade-Captain J. Harrison Lambdin, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Captain B. F. Bucklin, commissary of subsistence of volunteers; assistant quartermaster, vacant. Third Brigade-Captain F. H. Cowdrey, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Captain C. G. Barth, commissary of subsistence of volunteers; assistant quartermaster, vacant.

So soon as these headquarters shall have been broken up, and their services can be spared, the Third and Tenth Regiments U. S. Infantry will report to Major-General Wright, commanding Provisional Corps.

All general, staff, and other officers, not herein named, will, unless otherwise directed, proceed, as soon as practicable, to their respective places of residence, whence they will report by letter to the Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, and await orders.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, June 28, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In view of the reduction of this corps by the discharge of regiments under existing orders, I recommend that the regiments

