
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 119. Washington, June 29, 1865.

Penalties for neglect of duty and disobedience of orders, on the part of commissioned officers in charge of troops about to be discharged the service.

In many instances delays have resulted in paying mustered-out troops, in consequence of regimental and company officers allowing their men to disband, in violation of orders, prior to their commands being reported for payment and final discharge to the chief mustering officer or his assistant, after arrival at the designated State rendezvous. In other cases there has been delay from company and regimental officers neglecting to furnish full data relative to the enlisted men, thus rendering the muster-out rolls imperfect, and necessitating corrections. With the arrangements of the War Department as now completed there need be no delay, and consequently no hardship or inconvenience to the enlisted men, if full data for the rolls be furnished in the field, and if, after arrival in their respective States, as well as during transit thereto, commissioned officers look closely after the comfort and interests of their men and remain constantly with them, so as to enforce orders and control them. It is therefore

Ordered, That chief mustering officers and their assistants report by telegram the names of all neglectful officers, with the charges against them, to the Adjutant-General of the Army [withholding in the meantime their final payments and honorable discharges], with a view to their summary and dishonorable dismissal from the service with forfeiture of all pay. The report by telegraph will be sent promptly upon cases of neglect being brought to notice, and at the same time the facts in full will be reported by mail. Governors of States are requested to report delinquencies coming to their notice to the chief mustering officer of the State and to the Adjutant-General of the Army, so that a prompt remedy may be applied.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 343. Washington, June 29, 1865.

*			*			*			*			*

6. So much of Special Orders, Numbers 335, June 27, 1865, from this office, as relates to Bvt. Brigadier General H. L. Abbot, is hereby so amended as to temporarily suspend the operation of so much of paragraph 45, Special Orders, No. 300, June 13, 1865, from this office, as relieved him from his present duties, and assigned him to duty under the Engineer Department to the command of the Engineer Battalion at Willet's Point, N. Y.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

