
WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, June 29, 1865.

Major General A. H. TERRY, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of Virginia, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that upon the request of Major General O. O. Howard, Commissioner Bureau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, the Secretary of War has directed that such Government buildings at City Point, Va., as are not required for military purposes, be turned over to that bureau for use as school-houses, quarters for teachers, freedmen, &amp;c. The Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army, was informed of these instructions on the 28th instant.

I am, sir, &c.,

R. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTILLERY, DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, No. 5. Richmond, June 29, 1865.

1. The Siege Artillery Brigade having been virtually dissolved by the muster out of service of the Third Connecticut Battery, all papers from the First Connecticut Artillery, heretofore acted upon at those headquarters, will hereafter be forwarded direct to these headquarters. The officers of the staff of the Siege Artillery Brigade, except those also attached to the staff at these headquarters, will resume their regimental duties without delay, reporting to their respective commanding officers.

2. Captain G. P. Mason and Second Lieutenant W. H. Batterson will turn over all public property in their possession pertaining to the quartermaster's and commissary departments, to the officer designated by the commanding officer, First Connecticut Artillery, to act as regimental quartermaster. Captain Mason is also relieved from duty as acting assistant quartermaster, artillery headquarters, Department of Virginia, and will assume command of his company at once.

3. Major S. P. Hatfield, acting ordnance officer, Siege Artillery, will also close the business of his department as speedily as possible, preparatory to turning over the ordnance property in his possession to an officer hereafter to be designated for the purpose.

By order of Brevet Brigadier-General Abbot:

B. P. LEARNED,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery, Actq. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, June 30, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER THIRD U. S. INFANTRY:

The commanding general, in taking leave of the troops lately composing the Army of the Potomac, desires to express to the Third U. S. Infantry his high appreciation of the valuable and faithful services performed by officers and men of the regiment while serving as escort at these headquarters. He would especially express his acknowledgments for the daily performances of the band at his camp, and for the compliment paid him by the serenade during the past night.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

