
ADDENDA.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, July 1, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Armies of the United States:

COLONEL: There were three officers of the Second Corps, colonels and brevet brigadier-generals, who for services in the last campaign were recommended by the division commanders, by myself, and by the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac, for promotion to the rank of brigadier-general of volunteers in full. As there appears to be but little probability in the reduced condition of the army that such appointments will be made, I desire to recommend such promotions instead of the promotion to the full rank of brigadier-general of volunteers. I have been indisposed heretofore to recommend such high promotion. The officers referred to above are: Colonel and Bvt. Brigadier General R. McAllister, Eleventh New Jersey; Colonel and Brevet Brigadier-General Madill, Colonel and Bvt. Brigadier General J. Ramsey, Eighth New Jersey. I address this communication to you as the Army of the Potomac has ceased to exist. The organization of the Second Corps expires to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND ARMY CORPS, No. 31. July 1, 1865.

The brigade of the division formed from the remaining regiments of the Second Corps will be constituted as follows:

First Brigade, Brigadier General R. de Trobriand: One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Seventh New Jersey Volunteers, Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, Eleventh Massachusetts Battalion.

Second Brigade, Brigadier General B. R. Pierce: Sixty-first New York Volunteers, Sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, One hundred and sixteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and eighty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery, One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Volunteers, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers.

Third Brigade, Bvt. Major General G. N. Macy: One hundred and fifty-second New York Volunteers, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, One hundred and eighty-fourth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Twelfth New Jersey Volunteers, First Delaware Volunteers.

The commanders of the regiments and battalions named will at once report to their respective brigade commanders. The brigade commanders will report to the division commander, who will concentrate his division, as far as may be deemed necessary, at some convenient locality and carry out the instructions of General Orders, No. 35, headquarters Army of the Potomac, June 28, 1865.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

