
[Memorandum.]

JULY 1, 1865-p.m.

Second Corps ceased to exist. Regiments remaining were transferred to Provisional Corps, Major General H. G. Wright commanding.

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, July 3, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend for promotion the following officers: Lieutenant Colonel T. Rush Spencer, surgeon of volunteers, medical director, to be colonel by brevet, for meritorious services during the late campaign, to date April 9, 1865. To be major by brevet, for constant and meritorious services in the battles of the campaign, to date April 9, 1865: Captain George B. Halsted, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers; Captain H. S. Melcher, Twentieth Maine Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp. In the battle of Hatcher's Run, February 6, 1865, Captain Melcher displayed great gallantry and had his horse shot under him. At the battle of Quaker Road Captain Halsted received a painful wound, notwithstanding which he remained on duty during the campaign. Captain James T. Woodall, assistant quartermaster, for efficient and meritorious service in the conduct of his department during the campaign.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,CHARLES GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS PROVISIONAL CORPS,

July 4, 1865.

DIVISION COMMANDERS:

Information has been communicated to these headquarters that an outbreak is intended to-night by men and perhaps organizations, from each of the divisions of this corps. The plan as represented is to first attack and destroy the various headquarters, commencing with those of the corps, and then proceed to Washington City. It is further stated that although all small-arm ammunition is supposed to have been turned in, a certain portion is still retained by the men. Although full credence is not given to the report, yet it comes in such a shape and from such a source as to demand attention. The following precautions will therefore be taken:

First. Division commanders will cause their various headquarters and regimental guards to be strengthened, so as to prevent men from leaving camp, and to be furnished, if they can be trusted, with a proper supply of ammunition.

Second. All assemblages of men with arms and all preparations for torch-light processions will be at once suppressed.

Third. In case these precautions should not suffice, division commanders will use such of the force of their commands as may be necessary to put down the meeting and arrest the parties concerned.

