
Fourth. The two regiments of regular infantry attached to the corps will be moved to-day in the vicinity of these headquarters, to be used there or elsewhere as the occasion may require.

Fifth. Full provision has been made to prevent the men from passing the line of works in the direction of Washington.

Sixth. All officers now present in camp will remain with their commands, and all who are absent, except those on regular leave of absence, will be notified to return at once.

Seventh. These precautionary measures will remain in force until further orders.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, PROVISIONAL CORPS, July 4, 1865.

Furnished for the information and compliance of brigade commanders.

General Hayes will direct that the Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers break camp at once and march to some place near his headquarters. General Chamberlain will give similar orders to the Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers.

By command of Brevet Major-General Ayres:

W. W. SWAN,Brevet Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Numbers 82. Richmond, Va., July 5, 1865.

I. Bvt. Major General N. M. Curtis, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty as chief of staff at these headquarters. Until further orders General Curtis will continue on duty as president of the military board for the examination of officers, convened by General Orders, No. 60, paragraph 4, from these headquarters, dated May 20, 1865.

II. The following-named officers are announced upon the staff of this department in addition to those already so announced: Brigadier General J. R. Hawley, U. S. Volunteers, chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel George A. Kensel, assistant inspector-general; Major A. Terry, assistant adjutant-general: Major C. H. Graves, assistant adjutant-general; Captain W. L. Hulbert, aide-de-camp.

III. Lieutenant George R. Turnbull, Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, is announced as acting aide-de-camp to Brigadier General J. R. Hawley, chief of staff.

By command of Major General A. H. Terry:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA, Cumberland, Md., July 7, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Middle Mil. Div., Washington, D. C.:

COLONEL: After a personal examination of a portion of this department, and consultation in person and by visiting with individuals having

