
and Second Independent Brigades of that corps. The First Independent Brigade will consist of the following-named regiments: Second New Hampshire Volunteers, Fifth Maryland Volunteers, Nineteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, and Ninety-sixth New York Volunteers. The Second Independent Brigade will consist of the following-named regiments: Eleventh Connecticut Volunteers, Eighty-first New York Volunteers, Eighth Connecticut Volunteers, Fifty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and eighty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Ninety-eighth New York Volunteers, and Ninth Vermont Volunteers.

II. A district within this department to be called the District of Northeastern Virginia is hereby constituted, and Bvt. Major General Charles Devens is assigned to its command, with his headquarters at Fredericksburg. It will consist of the Sub-District of the Rappahannock, as now constituted, and the counties of Loudoun, Prince William, Fauquier, Stafford, Rappahannock, Culpeper, Madison, King George, Westmoreland, Northumberland, Richmond, and Lancaster.

III. Brigadier General T. M. Harris is assigned to command the First Independent Brigade, Twenty-fourth Army Corps, and will report with his brigade to Brevet Major-General Devens, at Fredericksburg.

IV. The Fourth, Eleventh, and Fourteenth Regiments U. S. Infantry will constitute a brigade, which is hereby attached to the Second Division of the Twenty-fourth Army Corps, and is designated as the Second Brigade of that division. Brigadier General J. H. Potter, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty as chief of staff at headquarters Twenty-fourth Army Corps, and is assigned to the command of the brigade organized by this paragraph.

By command of Major General A. H. Terry:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, No. 89. Richmond, Va., July 13, 1865.

I. A district within this department to be called the District of Southwestern Virginia is hereby constituted. It will consist of the counties of Nelson, Amherst, Bedford, Campbell, Appomattox, Pittsylvania, Henry, Patrick, Franklin, Augusta, Bath, Rockbridge, Botetourt, Montgomery, Grayson, Wythe, Tazewell, Russell, Lee, Washington, Highland, Alleghany, Roanoke, Craig, Giles, Pulaski, Carroll, Floyd, Smyth, Wise, Buchanan.

II. The District of Lynchburg is discontinued.

III. Bvt. Major General N. M. Curtis, having been assigned to duty by the President, according to his brevet rank, is assigned to the command of the district hereby created, with his headquarters at Lynchburg.

IV. The city of Manchester will hereafter constitute a part of the District of Henrico.

By command of Major General A. H. Terry.

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[JULY 22, 1865.-For Lieutenant General U. S. Grant to Corp. Jacob R. Tucker, Sergt. David W. Young, and Sergt. Thomas McGraw, transmitting reward for gallantry, &amp;c., see Part I, p.1262.]

