
deemed proper to reply, and the fact that the communication of Earl Russell was forwarded at his request may render a reply necessary, I beg leave respectfully to suggest that the refusal of the Government to hold intercourse with neutral nations through the medium selected by Lord Russell, would seem to be sufficient for all purposes.

The addition of a doubt as to the authenticity of the document would seem to be unnecessary after such a general refusal to receive any communication through the channel selected, and may weaken the force of that refusal, by leading to the inference that a duly authenticated papper would be received, if forwarded in the objectionable manner, through the hands and under the inspection of the enemy. I respectfully advise that the suggestion of the want of authenticity be omitted, as I think it detracts from the strength of the position assumed, and is otherwise open to objection. As I am to be the medium of making the communication, I have felt at liberty to express my opinion as to its form, through I should not hesitate to transmit any letter which the honorable Secretary of State might see proper to write on the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, March 16, 1865.

GENERAL: Colonel Carter will call to see you in reference to the artillery of the Second Corps. He and I this afternoon visited General Lee, with a view to learning the general's views as to the best course of adjusting the artillery of that corps and the most useful appropriations of the colonel's services. The conclusion which we reached was that Nelson's, Braxton's, and Cutshaw's had best be equipped if possible, and McLaughlin's brought to the stationary guns. Besides McLaughlin's it will be necessary to transfer another battalion from the field to heavy guns in order to secure the equipment of the three mentioned. Colonel Carter and myself have an understanding about the battalion to be thus transferred, and he will mention it to you, but at present we must keep it quiet. The colonel's time had better be given, we think, to the restoration of Nelson's, Braxton's, and Cutshaw's battalions, and the colonel is, as usual, willing for that or any other duty; but he feels a delicacy in undertaking it without an understanding with you and myself, lest he should interfere with your official rights. He therefore calls on you upon the subject. Apart from the important command recently assigned to you, you will, I am sure, gladly acquiesce in this arrangement as best for the cause. The colonel will need control of the appropriate transportation for these battalions. Please arrange with him on the subject.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, Numbers 11. March 16, 1865.

Colonel Thomas H. Carter will proceed to rearrange and refit the artillery battalion of the Second Corps on the following plan, viz: Nelson's

