
battalion to be restored to efficiency for the field as soon as practicable, McLaughlin's [King's] to be called in and assigned to duty at Fort Clifton instead of Cutshaw's, and the latter to be rendered efficient for the field; and as soon as sanctioned by the commanding general Owen's battalion, found unsuccessful in preserving horses, withdrawn from the field and assigned to duty at Chaffin's Bluff, and Braxton's battalion equipped for the field in its stead.

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS, Near Cash Corner, March 16, 1865-9 a.m.

Lieutenant-General EWELL,Commanding Department of Richmond:

GENERAL: The enemy appears to have crossed the North Anna River at Jericho and Oxford Fords, and you need be under no apprehensions of their advance on Richmond.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C., March 16, 1865.

Lieutenant General JAMES LONGSTREET:

I sent you dispatch last night through the Secretary of War. The following is confirmative, and just received:

Three gun-boats [two being iron-clads] and twenty-six transports, and about a brigade of infantry, and several hundred cavalry at the White House. They are there to meet Sheridan with supplies, &c.

CHARLES W. FIELD,Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully submitted to His Excellency the President.

JOHN WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Copies sent to the honorable Secretary of War to General James Longstreet.]

MARCH 16, 1865.

Honorable J. C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War:

GENERAL: Scouts report four tugs to have gone up the York, toward White House, with forage and other supplies, and a guard [regiment] of infantry. My courier found General Rosser at Ashland, who reported that General Longstreet had gone toward Hanover Court-House. I presume we have grounds in this to make it prudent to call in the local defense. Fitz Lee's dismounted cavalry and Harris' [Mississippi] brigade are on the lines, in addition to the department troops. I have no information of any military operations of General Longstreet beyond that he was skirmishing yesterday afternoon at Ashland and the fact of his having gone toward Hanover Court-House.

Respectfully,

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

