
Breathed's battalion: Shoemaker's battery, Griffin's battery-to serve with General Fitz Lee's division. Johnston's battalion: Johnston's battery, Jackson's battery-to serve with General Lomax's division. Thomson's battalion: Thomson's battery, Lurty's battery-to serve with General Rosser's division.

*			*			*			*			*

You will cause the several commanders to direct their energies to the thorough preparation of their respective commands for efficent service in the campaign soon to open and apply your own efforts to the same end. There is no time to be lost. Although horses cannot yet be called in because of insufficient forage, there are many elements of equipments and organization to be attended to at once. It is essential to get each command ready for service, so that however early or unexpectedly the enemy may advance the horse artillery battalion may on short notice repair to operate with their proper divisions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, March 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel R. P. CHEW,Commanding Horse Artillery:

COLONEL: You will please make arrangements for recovering the guns of the horse artillery which were captured by the enemy near Greenwood, Albemarle County, Va., and subsequently abandoned with carriages disabled. It may be well to commit the enterprise to Major Thompson and direct him to secure the guns and such portions of the carriages as may be useful. Let the best plan practicable be adopted as to teams and either wagons or spare gun carriages for hauling those guns to Lynchburg. You may also with advantage arrange with Colonel Cole for Major Thompson to be connected with the operations in Albemarle and Greene Counties for impressing horses, as I understand there are a good many surplus horses in portions of those counties. Major Thompson's interest in the matter would insure success in thus securing horses for his battalion if Colonel Cole will authorize his co-operating the transportation that will be needed for your several battalions and employ the present time in arranging with Colonel Corley and otherwise for getting it ready by the time operations may be expected.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTY., ARMY OF NORTHERN VA., Numbers 13. March 20, 1865.

It being found impracticable to equip for the approaching campaign all our batteries, the following arrangements are ordered as most just and suitable in connection with the artillery service; they will be effected as speedily as possible under the direction of the general and chief of artillery.

1. McLaughlin's battalion, now stationed for foraging purposes near Dublin Depot, Lynchburg and Tennessee Railroad, will be assigned to service of the guns at Fort Clifton, Major McLaughlin commanding.

