
cause them to be duly receipted for. Such portion of the transportation as may not be essential for the two batteries in their new relations will also be turned over and receipted for. One wagon for each company may be retained by them, the rest to be turned over.

3. The armament, horses, and equipment and transportation of Chew's battery, McIntosh's battalion, will also be turned over to Lieutenant Colonel C. M. Braxton, and Captain Chew will proceed with his men to Richmond and report to Lieutenant-Colonel Chew, commanding horse artillery, for orders in connection with his consolidation with Griffin's battery, Breathed's battalion, Chamberlayne's battery, Owen's battalion, will report for duty to Colonel McIntosh in place of Chew.

4. Lieutenant-Colonel Braxton will proceed to equip his battalion, under direction of Colonel Carter, with the means already mentioned and such others as may be available. He will for the present be located toward our right near Burgess' Mill, and will report, procure supplies, &amp;c., as Colonel Carter may arrange.

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, March 22, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding:

General Custis Lee reports enemy's white pickets relieved at 5.30 p.m.; usually relieved at 9 a.m. Negro vedette line doubled. Such action has heretofore preceded some movement of enemy.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, March 29, 1865.

Major General FITZ LEE,Commanding Cavalry:

General Longstreet wishes you to assure yourself positively about the fact of the enemy being at Tunstall's Station, only one division strong. He does not wish to make the move and find the report erroneous. Send out scouts at once.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, March 22, 1865.

Major General FITZ LEE,Commanding Cavalry:

General Custis Lee reports facts indicating a move on the part of the enemy. Have your command well in hand and on the alert.

R. M. SIMS,

Assistant Adjutant and Inspector-General.

[Copy to Brigadier-General Steuart, commanding Pickett's division.]

