HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, March 23, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. M. BRAXTON,Commanding Artillery Battalion:

COLONEL: I have written a note to Captain Green instructing him to remain and aid you about foraging your animals until Monday next, when it will be best for him I think to repair to the battalion intended for Lieutenant-Colonel King, north of James River near General Alexander's. I informed General Walker's adjutant this morning that you were to have the two U. S. 3-inch rifles which Chew has had. They are in Battery Gregg near the broken dam southwest of Petersburg. You had best get them at once. Let me know how many horses you need that I may order them for you. I do not think it expedient just now while you are making arrangements for efficiency that either of your companies should be put on the lines. It is better I think that Colonel Pegram's company, now back from the line, be placed on it for a season than that you should be obstructed in your preparations. I direct your messenger to show this note at General Walker's headquarters, that the requisite instructions to this effect may be there issued.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, March 23, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding, &amp;c.:

An intelligent deserter just in from the enemy's lines, reports preparations by the enemy to make an attack on this side by land and water. He says that their gun-boats were to come up last night under Porter and were to shell our lines, and that the negro troops had volunteered to assault our works in front of Fort Harrison. He reports the Ninth and two divisions of the Second Corps on this side in addition to the regular force belonging here. I understand that Admiral Semmes intends to retire in case the enemy's vessels come up the river and made his fight from Drewry's. It seems to me that he should be ordered to make his fight at Chaffin's even to the sinking of his vessels.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS, March 23, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,Commanding Armies of the C. S.:

General Fitz Lee's scouts report one division of the enemy's cavalry at Tunstall's Station encamped; the other division at White House. On the 20th they sent down the river a large number of broken-down horses. Lumber is being brought to White House.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

