
the purpose of arresting deserters in Brooks County, Ga. I inclose the papers that you may see the whole case. I have always opposed granting such authority, for the reason that it causes desertion from the regular service. I recommend that all such authorizations be revoked and that measures be taken to bring officers who have been guilty of such conduct to justice. It has been one of the greatest evils of the service since the beginning of the war, and has caused the loss of a much greater number of men than have ever been brought into service by means of such special organizations.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS, March 25, 1865.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: The impression prevails among the Georgia troops of this command that persons at home, having authority to raise local organizations, are writing and sending messages to the men in the ranks here, offering inducements to them to quit our ranks and go home and join the home organizations. The large and increasing number of desertions, particularly amongst the Georgia troops, induce me to believe that some such outside influence must be operating upon our men. Nearly all of the parties of deserters seem to go home, and it must be under the influence of some promise, such as that of being received in the local forces. I would suggest, therefore, the publication of a general order warning all officers or persons authorized to raise local organizations against receiving such deserters or in any way harboring them, and cautioning all such parties that they shall be punished for such crimes under the 22nd 23rd Articles of War. It may be well to publish the articles in the order, and to send the order south to be published in all of the Southern papers. If the order is published I would suggest that copies be sent to the Southern papers by special messenger or by parties going south who will take pains to have it published, otherwise I fear that it may miscarry or be much delayed by our irregular mails.

Another growing evil seems to trouble us now in the shape of applications to raise negro companies, regiments, brigades, &amp;c. The desire for promotion seems to have taken possession of our army, and it seems that nearly all of the officers and men think that they could gain a grade or two or more if allowed to go home. I presume that many may try to go merely because they get furloughs.

I would suggest, therefore, that some regulation be published upon this subject, and it seems to me that it should require the companies to b mustered in as non-commissioned officers and privates by the enrolling officers, and that all of the officers (general, field, and company) shall be selected from the officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates on duty with the armies of the Confederacy.

If these matters are not speedily taken hold of by a firm hand I fear that we shall be seriously damaged by them.

I remain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

