
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,March 26, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

General Field's views fully concurred in. Most of the desertions in my corps can be traced to such causes.

For Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

March 29, 1865.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL:

Publish a general order as suggested by Lieutenant-General Longstreet. Let it be terse and earnest. From information received there can be no doubt that officers and others authorized to raise local organizations and companies within the enemy's lines are directly giving encouragement to desertion in order to fill up their commands. Unless this practice is at once discontinued all such authorities must operate to weaken rather than to strengthen the armies, and will be summarily revoked. Send copies of the order directly to General Cobb with instructions to publish in the Georgia papers. Communicate with General Wofford in reference to Captain Hardee, and direct his special attention to the parties named.

By command of Secretary of War:

SAM'L W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMIES,March 27, 1865.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have been awaiting the receipt of the orders from the Department for raising and organizing the colored troops before taking Any action in the matter. I understand that orders have been published in the newspapers but have not seen them. In the meantime I have been informed that a number of recruits may be obtained in Petersburg, if suitable persons be employed to get them to enlist. Captain Cameron, assistant adjutant-general, Weisiger's brigade, and Private Stephen H. Britton, Second Company Washington Artillery, both citizens of Petersburg, have been recommended as the best persons to be employed for this purpose. Captain Cameron is willing to do all he can to raise the troops, though he does not desire a commission. I have not heard from Britton. As time is important I have ordered Captain Cameron to be assigned to that duty, and will also order Britton if he is not averse to it. I also propose to send Lieutenant Alexander, of the Virginia battalion, now acting as provost guard, to his residence in Mecklenburg County on the same duty. He has good reason to believe he can raise some men. I respectfully ask that these measures be approved by the Department, if not contrary to any of its regulations. I think it will be nearly useless, in the present temper of our people, to send recruiting officers to

