
districts where they are not known, and where they have no personal influence or connections favorable to the new measure. the enemies of the system will do all they can to thwart their efforts, and will deprive their appeals to the people in a great measure of effect by representing that the officers are only seeking to raise commands for themselves. As far as practicable, men should be selected for this business who are known in the communities to which they are sent and have influential connections.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHER VIRGINIA, Numbers 8. March 27, 1865.

It having been reported that the evil habit prevails with some in this army of proposing to their comrades in jest to desert and go home, the commanding general earnestly warns those quilt of this practice against the danger they incur. The penalty for advising or persuading a soldier to desert is death; and those indulging in such jests will find it difficult on a trial to rebut the presumption of guilt arising from their words.

This order and the 23rd Article of War will be forthwith reach to each company in the army once a day for three days, and to every regiment at dress parade once a week for a month; and at such other times here-after, in addition to those prescribed for the Articles of War, as commanding officers may deem proper.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,March 27, 1865.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I would suggest that instead of stripping our flank of cavalry it would be better to send an efficient cavalry force with Pickett's division and two or three batteries to watch Sheridan and keep him off our railroad, or to re-enforce General Johnston in case Sheridan goes to North Carolina to re-enforce Sherman. I believe that our cavalry, supported by the infantry, will be more effective against the enemy's raiders than our cavalry alone. I believe that such a force, in proper hands, will be able to frustrate object of enemy, as nearly all of his horses must be somewhat exhausted.

J. LONGSTREER,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,March 27, 1865.

Colonel W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Gary's scouts report Sheridan's force passing Malver Hill yesterday at 8 a. m., going up river. The last of the column passed at 3 p. m.

