
attempt to remove them may be prevented. He also wishes you to collect or to have constructed more pontoon-boats, as we will doubtless require a bridge across the river.

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,March 31, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel JOHNSTON,

Engineer Department, General Stevens' Headquarters:

Hurry up the work on the dam this wet weather as much as possible You can give the men engaged on it an extra half ration and get rations of whisky for them. Try and keep ahead of the rise of the water.

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ENGINEER TROOPS, ARMY OF NORTHERN VA.,March 31, 1865.

Captain G. W. ROBERTSON,

Commanding Detachment:

CAPTAIN: It will, I think, be well to send about one-third of your boats, with the same proportion of trestles and the proper amount of balks, chesses, lashings, anchors, &amp;c., to South Boston on the Dan River. They will be more accessible there for a brigade between that point and Clarksville (probably Blank's Ford) than at Roanoke. the greater portion of your surplus balks, chesses, &c., had also better be sent to that point. Major Grandy, quartermaster in charge of river transportation, informs me that his bateaux will run altogether to South Boston, and in cas eof our needing the extra superstructure at Clarksville, or lower down the Roanoke, the boats would be at hand to receive it, as they come up loaded and go back empty. The next shipment I make of balks and chesses will be consigned to South Boston. Major Grandy will be instructed to furnish you with bateaux either for transportation, or, in case of necessity, to use in constructing bridges. His office is at South Boston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. M. R. TALCOTT,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD ARMY CORPS,March 31, 1865.

Major-General WILCOX,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Heth directs me to say that you must not compromise your lines; he want the brigade sent for by Major Starke, but you must be the judge as to whether or not you can spare it.

Respectfully,

W. H. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

