HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 1, 1865.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: After my dispatch of last night I received a report from General Pickett, who, with three of his own brigades and two of General Johnson's, supported the cavalry under General Fitz Lee near Five Forks, on the road from Dinwiddie Court-House to the South Side road. After considerable difficulty, and meeting resistance from the enemy at all points, General Pickett forced his way to within less than a mile of Dinwiddie Court-House. By this time it was too dark for further operations, and General Pickett resolved to return to Five Forks to protect his communication with the railroad. He inflicted considerable damage upon the enemy and took some prisoners. His own loss was severe, including a good many officers. General Terry had his horse killed by a shell and was disabled himself. General Terry had his horse killed by a shell and was disabled himself. General Fitz Lee's and Rosser's divisions were heavily engaged, but their loss was slight. General W. H. F. Lee lost some valuable officers. General Pickett did not retire from the vicinity of Dinwiddie Court-House until early this morning, when, his left flank being threatened by a heavy force, he withdraw to Five Forks, where he took position with General W. H. F. Lee on he right, Fitz Lee and Rosser on his left, with Robert's brigade on the White Oak road connecting with General Anderson. The enemy attacked General Roberts with a large force of cavalry, and after being once repulsed finally drove him back across Hatcher's Run. A large force of infantry, believed to be the Fifth Corps, with other troops, turned General Pickett's left and drove him back on the White Oak road, separating him from General Fitz Lee, who was compelled to fall back across Hatcher's Run. General Pickett's present position is not known. General Fitz Lee reports that the enemy is massing his infantry heavily behind the cavalry in his front. The infantry that engaged General Anderson yesterday has moved from his front toward our right, and is supposed to participate in the operations above described. Prisoners have been taken to-day from the Twenty-fourth Corps, and it is believed that most of that corps is now south of the James. Our loss to-day is not known. A report from Staunton represents that the Eighth Corps passed over the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad from the 20th to the 25th ultimo. General Hancock is at Harper's Ferry with 2,000 men. One division of the Nineteenth Corps is at Winchester, with about 1,000 cavalry. The infantry at Winchester have marching orders, and all these troops are said to be destined for General Grant's army.

The enemy is also reported to have withdrawn all his troops from Wolf Run Shoals and Fairfax Station, and to be concentrating them at Winchester.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VA.,April 1, 1865.

Brigadier General A. L. LONG,

Chester Station, Richmond and Petersburg Railroad:

GENERAL: Send Penick's and another of Poague's batteries to report to Colonel H. P. Jones as soon as practicable, bringing rations and forage

