
APRIL 2, 1865-1.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General EWELL:

GENERAL: When the [Cadets] come in please have a strong guard for the railroad depot, to report to Quartermaster-General.

Yours,

JOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE,

Secretary of War.

PETERSBURG, April 2, 1865-3 p. m.

(Received 3.20 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General EWELL:

It will be necessary for us to abandon our position if possible to-night. Will you be able to do so? Answer as soon as possible.

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS C. S. ARMY,April 2, 1865.

General R. S. EWELL:

I wish you to make all preparations quietly and rapidly to abandon your position to-night, if necessary. Send back on the line of Danville railroad all supplies, ammunition, &amp;c., that is possible. Have your field transportation reade and your troops prepared for battle or marching orders, as circumstances may require. Endeavor to avoid all alarm or notice of your preparations from getting to enemy. Save all public property. If you artillery or transportation requires horses you must take them in the city.

R. E. LEE.

APRIL 2, 1865.

[General EWELL:]

Move your command to south side of James River to-night, crossing on bridges at and below Richmond. Take the road, with your troops, to Branch Church, via Gregory's, to Genito road, via Genito Bridge to Amelia Court-House. All wagons from Richmond will take the Manchester pike and Buckingham road, via Meadville, to Amelia Court-House. The movement will commence at 8 o'clock, the artillery moving out first quietly, infantry following, except pickets, who will be withdrawn at 3 o'clock. General Stevens will indicate routes to you and furnish guides. The cavalry must follow, destroying bridges under the superintendence of the engineer officers. The artillery not needed with the troop will take the road prescribed for the wagons, or such others as may be most convenient.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 2, 1865.

Lieutenant-General EWELL:

GENERAL: The direct road to Danville crosses the river at Mayo's Bridge and follows the line of the railroad to Keysville, in Charlotte County, which is eighty miles from Richmond. Another route leads by

