
Powhatan and Cumberland Court-House to Farmville, and thence by Charlotte Court-House. A third route leads up the north bank of Jemas River and crosses at Chartersville. It is probable that no boats could be obtained at Chartersville for crossing the river. I have been unable as yet to find a guide. One could probably be obtained from Major Archer's hops, at Bacon Quarter Branch. I will send immediately to inquire.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

IS. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

APRIL 2, 1865.

Major R. P. ARCHER:

MAJOR: Is there any one here who could act as a guide on the roads leading to Danville? General Ewell desires one to report to him immediately. He wishes to know your opinion as to the best routes. Are there boats at Michaux Ferry or Cartersville? General Ewell would like much to see you about this if you can go to his office.

Very respectfully,

IS. H. CARRINGTON,

Provost-Marshal.

[Indorsement.]

BACON QUARTER BRANCH, April 2, 1865.

Respectfully returned to General Ewell.

I have no one here who knows anything about the road to Danville. The boats at Michaux Ferry were destroyed by the Yankees in their raid in Goochland. I know nothing of the one at Cartersville. Would suggest the south side of the river and cross the Appomattox at Clemmentown as the bridges at all other points have been taken away.

R. P. ARCHER,

Major and Assistant Quartermaster.

NAMOZINE CHURCH, April 3, 1865-1 a. m.

Major-General JOHNSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: I have just received intelligence that the trains and troops are all stopped at Deep Creek by high water. I will go on and see what is best to be done, and will let you know as soon as possible. It may save time for you to take Cousins' road at this place and go to Bevill's Bridge by Cralle's road and Deep Creek road. If no arriving here you take this course send forward and let me know.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-General.

APRIL 3, 1865-7.30 a. m.

Major General B. R. JOHNSON,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: At Namozine Church take the left-hand road, which will lead you by Cousins' (or, as I am told it is more familiarly known, the

