
"cross-road") and Cralle's road to the upper bridge over Deep Creek. After crossing Deep Creek follow the march of the trains, &amp;c., toward Amelia Court-House, instead of toward Bevill's Bridge as at first directed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. ANDERSON,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-I will be found at the bridge or at tabernacle.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Hebron Church, Six Miles from Goode's Ford,

April 3, 1865-6.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General EWELL:

When you were directed to cross the Appomattox at Genito Bridge it was supposed that a pontoon bridge had been laid at that point, as ordered, but I learn to-day from Mr. Haxall that such is not the case. Should you not e able to cross at that point, or at some bridge higher up, you must take the best road to Rudd's Store, on the Goode's Bridge road, and cross the Appomattox on the bridge at that point, and then conform to your original instructions. This portion of the army is now on its way to Goode's Bridge, the flats at Bevill's Bridge being flooded by high water. Notify me of your approach to the bridge and passage of the Appomattox by courier to Amelia Court-House, or wherever I may be.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

APRIL 4, 1865-7.30 a. m.

The courier has returned with this note, having been able to hear nothing of you. I am about to cross the river. Get to Amelia Court-House as soon as possible and let me hear from you.

R. E. L.

DANVILLE, VA., April 4, 1865.

TO THE PEOPLE OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES OF AMERICA:

The general-in-chief of our army has found it necessary to make such movements of the troops as to uncover the capital and thus involve the withdrawal of the Government from the city of Richmond.

It would be unwise, even were it possible, to conceal the great moral as well as material injury to our cause that must result from the occupation of Richmond by the enemy. It is equally unwise and unworthy of us, as patriots engaged in a most sacred cause, to allow our energies to falter, our spirits to grow faint, or our efforts to become relaxed under reverses, however calamitous. While it has been to us a source of national pride that for four years of unequaled warfare we have been able, in close proximity to the center of the enemy's power, to maintain the seat of our chosen government free from the pollution of his presence; while the memories of the heroes dead who have freely given their lives to its defense must ever remain enshrined in our hearts; while the preservation of the capital, which is usually regarded as the evidence

