
their destination unknown. He also says stragglers have been passing all day. I have heard of no fight up to time of writing, now 3.30 p. m. No communication below this point. We shall leave this place to-night should enemy advance rapidly on us. This is all the intelligence. Five hundred Yankees occupied Wytheville at 9 a. m. to-day.

Most respectfully,

OPERATOR.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers --. April 4, 1865.

The chief of artillery will make arrangements at once to select a sufficient number of guns for each corps to accompany the troops in the field. The remaining guns will be sent by rail, if practicable, from Amelia Court-House to Danville, or to some point south of it. The horses of the guns with the troops will be re-enforced from these. The chief quartermaster will make similar selections among the wagons and teams, designating such as will be necessary to accompany the troops in the present reduced condition of the army. The remaining wagons with the weaker teams, and all teams not needed with the troops, will proceeded on the road from Tunstall's Station via Paineville and Farmville, or some other route west of this, and cross Staunton River at Cole's Ferry, or some ferry higher up, and thence on across Dan River west of Danville into Western North Carolina. The weaker artillery, if it cannot be shipped by rail, will proceed by the same route. A good officer will be placed in charge of the artillery, who will have authority to impress supplies as will be necessary and such fresh animals for the wagons and guns as are needed, if they cannot be otherwise obtained, leaving the broken-down animals in exchange.

By order of General Lee:

C. S. VENABLE,Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 4, 1865-11 p. m.

The wagon trains of the Third Corps will move at dawn to-morrow from their present camp on the direct road to Paineville, turning off at Jones', about a mile before reaching Paineville; thence to Amelia Springs; thence to Deatonsville, and by the Jamestown road to Rice's Station and Farmville. The wagons of General Ewell's command at Clemmentown will move at dawn to-morrow on the Clemmentown road to Paineville; thence to Rudophil; thence up the Stony Point road, passing Providence Church, and turning to the left at Anderson's crossing to the Ligontown road, and passing by Ligontown to Farmville. If the river is not passable at Ligontown the train will move by the best available road on south side of the river to Farmville.

By order of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,April 4, 1865-9 p. m.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I am very much gratified by your letter of to-day to learn there is such a favorable prospect of your crossing at Mattoax

