
Bridge. I hope your anticipations may be realized, and that you may be safely over by this time. Notify General Mahone of your crossing, who is preserving the bridge at Goode's Ferry only until he shall hear you do not require it. He has orders to destroy the bridge as soon as he hears you do not need it. I wish you would give him the earliest intelligence. General Gordon will remain at his present position at Scott's Shop, on the Goode's Bridge road, until he hears of your approach, and then he had orders to join me he. I wish you to notify him of the probable time of your arrival at Scott's Shop.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

APRIL 5, 1865.

Lieutenant-General ANDERSON:

The general commanding directs me to say that the troops (Mahone's and Pickett's) took the wrong road from the first. They were pursuing the Paineville road and deviating every step from the railroad. They are now retracing their steps, and will turn in and march parallel with the railroad toward Jetersville. He gives you this information that you may avoid a similar mistake. The wagon train is on the Paineville road. The troops should turn off near railroad and take direction of Jetersville. There may be no plain wagon road, but you can ascertain, for Pickett and Mahone are now moving, and regulate your march according.

Respectfully,

W. H. TAYLOR.

(Same to Lieutenant-General Ewell and Major-General Gordon.)

MEHERRIN DEPOT, April 5, 1865.

THOMAS DODAMEAD,

Superintendent:

The train went in one mile of Junction and Mr. Angel took a handcar and went up to the depot. The Yankee cavalry that had been tearing up road all night east of junction, on the Richmond and Danville Railroad, galloped in as he was leaving Junction. His negroes ran off and he left his hand-car and returned to the train and thence here. General Lee is reported to have been fighting hard since last night. It is said he is being driven back. His headquarters are said to be at Amelia Court-House. I do not vouch for the truth of these reports regarding Lee's army.

J. P. WINGO,

Operator.

HENRY COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 5, 1865.

Brigadier General H. H. WALKER,

Commanding Post, Danville, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that upon receiving your instructions from Colonel Keen I started from Danville with my squad (of four men) last night at 10 o'clock, and proceeded forthwith to this place, arriving this morning at 8.30 o'clock, and, judging from the most reliable information. I can get, there are no signs of the enemy anywhere in this vicinity. Colonel Hamilton, who is in charge of the Government

