
horses in Wilkes County, N. C., arrived here a few minutes since, and reports that the enemy were certainly in the aforesaid county on Monday last, and upon that day over 200 horses were captured from his department. There are various reports here about the whereabouts of the Yankees, through the general impression is that they are between Patrick Court-House and Floyd Court-House. I shall leave this place immediately with my squad, in the direction of Floyd Court-House. As soon as I can get any reliable information will report to you again. Should anything of importance occur at this place the enrolling officer will report the facts to you immediately.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JAMES S. RIDD,

In Charge of Post.
HEADQUARTERS,Rice's Station, South Side Railroad, April 6, 1865.

His Excellency JEFFERSON DAVIS:

I shall be to-night at Farmville. You can communicate by telegraph to Meherrin and by courier to Lynchburg.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

R. E. LEE.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST ARMY CORPS,April 6, 1865.

Major General C. M. WILCOX,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: All the trains of all the troops which are here will be put in motion at once via Farmville to Lynchburg. The ambulances and ordnance wagons, which are necessary to go with the troops, after crossing the Appomattox, will park at some convenient point near the road and be held in readiness to join the troops as they pass along. Those which are not necessary will move on toward Lynchburg. If the main road to Lynchburg should be occupied by other trains these trains will take some parallel road, or road nearly parallel to the route, and continue to march, making as much distance as they can without too much fatigue to the animals. The officers in charge of these trains will report to their commanders any route which they may take other than the main route. The troops of this command will be held in readiness to move at a moment's notice. The movement will begin on the left, General Field's division retiring first, marching via Farmville, to be followed in succession by Heath and Wilcox. General Alexander will give the necessary orders for the artillery. Such batteries as are not necessary on the line will be withdrawn at once and put then on the road to Farmville. This to be done as quietly as possible. One hour after the troops move the sharpshooters will be withdrawn and follow on the road to Farmville. General Rosser's cavalry will retire by Farmville. When General Wilcox retires he will notify General Rosser, who will follow him to Farmville and there await further orders. Every efforts must be made to get up all stragglers, and all such men as have fallen asleep by the camp-fires or by the wayside.

By order of Lieutenant-General Longstreet:

O. LATROBE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

