
AMELIA SPRINGS, April 6, 1865-4 a. m.

[General GORDON:]

GENERAL: I have seen the dispatches (intercepted) you sent me. It was from my expectation of an attack being made from Jetersville that I was anxious that the rear of the column should reach Deatonsville as soon as possible. I hope the rear will ge tout of harm's way, and I rely greatly upon your exertions and good judgment for its safety. I know that men and animals are much exhausted, but it is necessary to tax their strength. I wish after the cavalry crosses the bridge at Flat Creek that it be thoroughly destroyed so as to prevent pursuit in that direction. The bridge over the same stream on the road to Jetersville I have had destroyed. By holding the position at Amelia Springs with our cavalry, which can retire by Deatonsville or up the road toward Paineville, we can secure the rear of the column from interruption. About two miles from Amelia Springs on the Deatonsville road a road leads off to the right to Chapman's into the Ligontown road, by which Farmville may be reached provided there is a bridge over the Appomattox at Ligontown. I hear there is none; therefore I see no way of relieving the column of the wagons, and they must be brought along. You must, of course, keep everything ahead of you, wagons, stragglers, &amp;c. I will try to get the head of the column on, and to get provisions at Rice's Station or Farmville.

Very respectfully, &c.,

R. E. LEE,

General.
HEADQUARTERS, &C., April 6, 1865.

[Major General BRYAN GRIMES:]

GENERAL: General Gordon wishes to know how long it will be before you can move, and what is going on in your rear. He is anxious for you to start, as Generals Evans and Walker have gone on. How much artillery and train is still to bring up?

THOS. G. JONES,Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-If more trains can be provided you will carry as many of your [sic]. If not inconvenient to you that you will ride up here; he would like to see you. Mr. Bird says he can supply one train at 9 o'clock. Have you ascertained its capacity? Can only one be supplied? General Lee wishes to send all you command.

Yours,

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DANVILLE, VA., April 7, 1865.

Colonel L. B. NORTHROP,

Commissary-General C. S. Army, Greensborough, N. C.:

Mr. Mallory informed me of your embarrassment, which I hope will be removed. Are you not aware that your commission remains in force, making you assignable to duty anywhere in the Subsistence Department? I ask because the records of the War Office are not now accessible, and it has been intimated to me that you regard yourself out of service.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

