
DANVILLE, VA., April 7, 1865.

Rev. J. A. DUNCAN:

MY DEAR SIR: Attorney-General Davis has just informed me that the Rev. Mr. Pearson related in his presence, giving my name for authority, a statement that the whole skirmish line of Cook's brigade went over to the enemy, carrying their officers with them, and that thus our line was broken and the evacuation of Petersburg rendered necessary. I made no such statement to Mr. Pearson, and the story is not believed by me to be true. On several occasions I have corrected an injurious report in regard to the conduct of Cook's brigade, and have said that, and another report in regard to Hoke's brigade, must have arisen from what I had heard unofficially did occur, i. e., that a part of the skirmish line of Cook's brigade had gone over to the enemy, when the rest of his skirmish line was fighting gallantly. The brigade I have heard behaved well, and that our line was not broken there. The feature of taking off their officers is to me quite new, and, however, dratue of taking off their officers is to me quite new, and, however dramatic, will not, I hope, become historical. I leave to Mr. Pearson to judge of the propriety of repeating a conversation held under the circumstances, but must object to the inaccuracy of the recital. As he was introduced to me by you, and was, I understood, to travel with you at least a port of your journey, I hope you will excuse me for addressing this to you, and requesting you, if practicable, to communicate it to Mr. Pearson.

Very respectfully and truly, your friend,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

KEYSVILLE, April 7, 1865.

T. DODAMEAD,

Superintendent:

The Yankees were at Meherrin this morning. One of our section-masters, Wilkeson, came from Green Bay yesterday. He says Yankee infantry were on their way from Junction to Meherrin. One of our negroes came from Meherrin this morning; says that Yankee tents were stretched for about one mile along railroad. Reports say that General Lee was at Rice's on the South Side Railroad last night. A son of Mr. Arvin's came home last night after a horse, and said General Lee was certainly between Rice's and High Bridge, and we whipped the Yankees near Rice's. He is said to be a reliable man. He said he was going back to General Lee, and left here this morning on his way back. I have sent six men out to ascertain the exact position of the enemy in the neighborhood of Meherrin and will let you hear from me.

C. J. ANGEL.

APRIL 7, 1865.

T. DODAMEAD:

I saw Mr. Crawford, a scout in General Gordon's division. He left Farmville yesterday morning. He said General Lee was at Farmville when he left. He says General Gordon's division closed up the rear from Petersburg to Farmville, and they had not seen any Yankee infantry since they left Petersburg until they got to Rice's. They had several skirmishes with the enemy's cavalry and cleaned them out every time. He said it was not true that General Lee had a fight at Jetersville; only had a skirmish there and whipped them. He says General Lee

