
KEYSVILLE, April 8, 1865.

T. DODAMEAD:

The Yankees ran a train to Meherrin this morning. Mr. Peak, who lives at Meherrin, brought the information. He says the Yankees ran the train up to the Meherrin and then went back to the Junction. He said he heard that there was only a few Yankees between Meherrin and the Junction, they having gone in the direction of Prince Edward Court-House.

C. J. ANGEL.

KEYSVILLE, April 8, 1865.

L. E. HARVIE:

I have just seen a soldier from Prince Edward Court-House who says Grant's army, cavalry and infantry, is following General Lee up closely and General Lee was near Pamplin's when he left. He states that Grant's infantry came up the South Side Railroad and overtook Lee about Prospect. Cannonading still going on in that direction; he says the Yankees stripped Dickensian of everything and left a guard at his house to kill him if they caught him. We could see large some in the direction of Farmville this p. m., and think the High Bridge must be burnt.

C. J. ANGEL,

Operator.
HEADQUARTERS [SECOND] ARMY CORPS,April 8, 1865.

Major-General GRIMES,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires a succinct statement be furnished at once to these headquarters of your operations on the 6th instant, and also a report of the effective present of your command.

Very respectfully, &c.,

W. B. MYERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DANVILLE, VA., April 9, 1865.

(Via Clover Depot.)

General R. E. LEE,

Headquarters:

Your dispatch of 6th instant received. Hope the line of couriers established will enable you to communicate safely and frequently. General Johnston on the 8th telegraphs from Smithfield, asking you to inform him how he can co-operate with you; says it is important he should know before Sherman moves. Enemy's cavalry reported in small force at Henry Court-House yesterday. Colonel Wheeler engaged them with about half their force, say with 250 men, and chekced them. Took two prisoners, who state that other forces were to concentrate with them at Danville. We have here about 3,000 infantry and artillery. Are constructing defenses, and should have an experienced engineer, the ground being unfavorable. I had hoped to have seen you at an earlier period, and trust soon to meet you. The Secretary of War, Quartermaster-General, Commissary-General, and Chief Engineer have not arrived; their absence is embarrassing. We have here provisions and clothing for your army, and they are held for its use. You will realize the reluctance I feel to leave the soil of Virginia, and

