
appreciate my anxiety to win success north of the Roanoke. The few stragglers who came from your army are stopped here and at Staunton bridge. They are generally, however, without arms. The fall of Selma and the reported advance of the enemy on Montgomery, and the fears expressed for the safety of Columbus, Ga., caused me to direct General Cobb to aid in resisting the enemy in Alabama, and General Wofford, who was at Atlanta, to co-operate with General Cobb in that movement. General Taylor's command was extended so as to embrace Atlanta and Macon. I hope soon to hear from you at this point, where offices have been opened to keep up the current business until more definite knowledge would enable us to form more permanent plans. May God preserve, sustain, and guide you.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

NEW'S FERRY, April 9, 1865.

L. E. HARVIE:

Dr. J. R. Page, C. S. Army, has arrived at Mr. Chalmers' and reports that he left Lynchburg on Saturday morning, and that none of the enemy were near, except a small raiding party near Liberty, from which a major was captured, who said that they were waiting for Stoneman to come up. General Duke met Stoneman and repulsed him. Doctor Page reports Lee on the south side of the Staunton River, having crossed at Pannel's Bridge.

W. M. S. DUNN.

DANVILLE, VA., April 10, 1865.

His Honor the Mayor J. M. WALKER:

SIR: Permit me to return to yourself and council my sincere thanks for your kindness shown to me when I came among you under that pressure of adversity which is more apt to cause the loss of friends than to be the occasion for forming new ones. I had hoped to have been able to maintain the Confederate Government on the soil of Virginia, though compelled to retire from the capital. I had hoped to have contributed somewhat to the safety of your city; the desire to the last was rendered more than a mere sense of public duty by your generous reception of myself and the executive officers who accompanied me. The shadows of misfortunate which were on us when I came have become darker, and I trust you accord to me now, as then, your good wishes and confidence in the zeal and singleness of heart with which I have sought to discharge the high trust which he people of the Confederate States conferred upon me. May God bless and preserve you and grant to our country independence and prosperity.

Very truly, yours,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

PIEDMONT RAILROAD, SUPERINTENDENT'S OFFICE,

Danville, Va., April 10, 1865.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

SIR: I beg leave to suggest to you the importance of using all the means at command of the Government without delay in changing the gauge of the Piedmont Railroad from Danville to Greensborough. Upon it depends the safety of twenty-two engines and their trains of cars than are blocked upon Danville road at this place, and all the transportation on that road of an immense amount of stores, machinery, &amp;c.

