
In addition thereto is the transportation of our army and its equipments and supplies. I have ordered all the force on the Danville and Piedmont road to this point to-day with the view of commencing the work at once. This force, if we can keep it, is inadequate to complete the works as soon as it ought to be done. Indeed, it ought to be done at once and completed as soon as practicable without regard to expense or labor. its importance in my view cannot be exaggerated in this emergency, and therefore I appeal to you as the highest officer in the Government to have it done without any delay. There is a force working on the fortifications at this place which it seems to me could be diverted advantageously to this work, and I would earnestly, but most respectfully, urge that a sufficiency of labor be put to work to complete the change of gauge as soon as it can be made.

With the highest respect,

LEWIS E. HARVIE,

President Piedmont Railroad.

DANVILLE, VA., April 10, 1865.

L. E. HARVIE,

Danville, Va.:

MY DEAR SIR: The force employed in constructing defense here is, I fear, much smaller than you suppose. Colonel Ives has been instructed to attend to the matter, and if the can materially aid you by so doing to turn over his whole force of laborers to assist in the proposed change of gauge. You will perceive that to leave the defenses incomplete may shorten the time within which your rolling-stock must be removed. The greatest energy will be required to complete the work in the shortest possible time after it is commenced, or we shall lose in the use of the road without assurance of saving the valuable means of transportation which it is the object to transfer.

Very truly, your friend,

JEFF'N DAVIS.

[APRIL 10, 1865.-For General Orders, Numbers 9, Army of Northern Virginia (containing General R. E. Lee's farewell address to his army), see Part I, p. 1267 and p. 744, ante.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VA., Numbers --. April 10, 1865.

The following order is published for the information of all parties concerned:

SPECIAL ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers -- In the Field, April 10, 1865.

All officers and men of the Confederate service paroled at Appomattox Court-House who, to reach their homes are compelled to pass through the lines of the Union armies, will be allowed to do so, and to pass free on all Government transports and military railroads.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

C. S. VENABLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

