
RALEIGH, N. C., April 11, 1865.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

Please tell me what of General Lee. Much depends here on a correct knowledge of the situation. Answer to-night.

Z. B. VANCE.

[Governor VANCE:]

I have no official report, but scouts said to be reliable and whose statements were circumstantial and corroborative, represent the disaster as extreme. I have not heard from General Lee since the 6th instant, and have little or no hope from his army as an organized body. I expected to visit you at Raleigh, but am accidentally prevented from executing that design, and would be very glad to see you here if you can come at once, or to meet your elsewhere in North Carolina at a future time. We must redouble our efforts to meet present disaster. An army holding its position with determination to fight on, and manifest ability to maintain the struggle, will attract all the scattered soldiers and daily and rapidly gather strength. Moral influence is wanting, and I am sure you can do much now to revive the spirit and hope of the people.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

GREENSBOROUGH, N. C., April 12, 1865.

Mrs. JEFFERSON DAVIS:

MY DEAR MADAM:

* * * *

The disaster to General Lee's army is extreme, but our latest advices lead to the hope that he and the leaders of the army may have escaped with a remnant of the command. General Gordon is said to have the crowd of fugitives (10,000) at Pannell's Bridge, on the Staunton River. We hope to make head against the enemy with the forces at our command. The people you will see and hear are utterly demoralized. Do not be discouraged by them. The loss of an army is not the loss of the cause. There is a great deal of fight in us yet.

* * * *

Truly and affectionately, yours,

W. P. JOHNSTON.

GREENSBOROUGH, April 12, 1865.

MY DEAR MRS. DAVIS:

* * * *

The apparent slackening of Grant's pressure upon General Lee, of which I telegraphed you, is explained by the fact that our artillery had all been captured but two pieces, which escaped by taking the wrong road. It was lost in whole battalions, guns, officers, and men, Haskell's and Huger's going first. The infantry was dispersed all over the country; the men had thrown away their arms, and were going home to take came of themselves. The cavalry seems to have taken to their heels. The heavy firing had ceased therefore, and as nothing like sounds of battle could be heard in the country round about, we inferred that the situation had been improved. Imagine, then, our astonishment that the situation had been improved. Imagine, then, our astonishment and dismay when the President was summoned from dinner on Monday

88 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

