
to be informed of the surrender of General Lee, of himself and all his infantry, on the 9th, at or near Appomattox Court-House. The messenger was an old citizen of the country, who stated that he saw General Rosser and was told that General Lee was in Grant's tent at the time. The same information as to the result reached us from several other sources before night. A Cabinet council was held immediately, and a march on this placed decided on. We started on a special train about midnight, bringing all the Cabinet except general Breckinridge, who had not yet reached Danville, and who has not joined us up to this time. Our train was very slow, and finally reached Greensborough late in the afternoon of the 11th, just escaping a raiding party [which] struck the railroad half an hour after we had passed the point. General Breckinridge is expected here this evening. We are a fixture for the present, and are comfortably fixed.

* * * *

DANVILLE, April 12, 1865-1 p. m.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

No news from the front. Secretary of War left yesterday evening-troops will leave this evening for Greensborough. Enemy's cavalry reported in Henry County. General Shelley will command troops leaving here unless ordered to contrary. My force, 100 men, sent to the Valley. Upon consultation with governor, should like to join them. Am ranking cavalry officer in Virginia and can collect the three divisions. But few cavalry surrendered; Fit Lee did not.

L. L. LOMAX,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

AIDE-DE-CAMP:

Get answer from General Cooper.

J. D.

DANVILLE, April 12, 1865.

General COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

Most of my division is in the Valley. Shall I order it to report to General Rosser? The Reserves have all deserted. I will leave here with troops this evening.

L. L. LOMAX,

Major-General.

DANVILLE, VA., April 13, 1865.

His Excellency President DAVIS:

W. H. F. Lee's adjutant-general has reached here-was present at surrender. Has General Lee's order on the occasion which says it was done to avid useless sacrifice of life. General Gordon told him 8,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry were surrendered, but suppose that as many as 20,000 gave in their names in all. Officers and men are paroled to go home and there remain unmolested the balance of the war unless they prefer being exchanged.

H. H. WALKER,

Brigadier-General.

