
MANGOHICK CHURCH, March 16, 1865.

Colonel ORVILLE E. BABCOCK:

COLONEL: Information that seems to be reliable reached me the evening that Longstreet marched all last night and arrived with Pickett's division at Peake's Turnout, near Honover Court-House, and on the road to the White House. There is not much doubt but that Longstreet, with two divisions and two battalions of artillery, marched out from Richmond to meet me, and the indications from all night's march last night are that they will try to prevent my crossing at the White House. I will march to-morrow morning to Ayett's, near Dunkirk, and will open communication with you. The enemy can get to the White House before I can, in which case let the provisions and forage drop down to West Point under charge of one gun-boat. Let the other two remain at White House until we can settle the affair. Should they get the crossing at the White House I can cross the Mattapony and get rid of my 2,000 negroes and other debris at West Point. I think that the enemy will risk greatly at Petersburg to keep me from getting to the south side. It is possible that my information may be incorrect, so do not leave the White House with anything until it is verified.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, Numbers 13. Mangohick Church, March 16, 1865.

I. The command will move to-morrow at 6 a. m. to Aylett's Station, in the flowing order, viz: First, First Division; second, wagon train; third, Third Cavalry Division.

By command of Brevet-General Merritt:

J. SPREADBURY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Mangohick Church, Va., March 16, 1865.

Brevet Major-General CUSTER,

Commanding Third Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: You will detail fifty picked men and horses, with one commissioned officer, for the purpose of proceeding to White House. The detail will report to Brevet Brigadier-General Forsyth, chief of staff, army headquarters, with the lest possible delay.

By command of Brevet Major-General Merritt:

J. SPREADBURY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,March 16, 1865.

General CUSTER:

It is important that the force ordered to Hanovertown Ferry in verbal message by Captain Cooley, aide-de-camp, make the reconnaissance to that point as soon as possible and report promptly. As soon as you receive the report send it to these headquarters at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

