HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel W. H. H. McCALL, Commanding Brigade, Fort Stedman:

SIR: In accordance with an understanding between General Ransom, C. S. Army, and General Hartranft, there will probably be a flag of truce presented in front of your line to-morrow morning, for the purpose of receiving wounded men of ours, in lie of those of the enemy sent over to them to-day, and also a list of prisoners taken. By direction of the major-general commanding the army, this truce must be of as short duration as possible. For the purpose of carrying out this intent, the major-general commanding this division directs me to say to you that he desires that you make preparations for receiving the flag early to-morrow morning, and if General Hartranft is not present when it is presented, you are authorized to receive it and carry out the purposes for which it exists with as much rapidity as possible. Ambulances and stretchers will be sent to Fort Stedman by the surgeon-in-chief of the division. The same orders that existed to-day with regard to allowing our men outside the works will be rigidly observed to-morrow.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

WM. V. RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 25, 1865.

Bvt. Major General O. B. WILLCOX, Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you have your troops under arms at 3.30 to-morrow morning, ready for any emergency that may arise.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to General Potter, commanding Second Division; General Hartranft, commanding Third Division, and General Tidball, commanding Artillery Brigade.)
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 25, 1865-5.40 a. m.

Bvt. Major General R. B. POTTER:

GENERAL: The enemy is reported to have broken through our line near Fort Stedman. Will you please report the state of affairs in your front.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General

MARCH 25, 1865-6.30 a. m.

Major-General POTTER, Commanding Second Division:

One of Wright's divisions is ordered to the Jones house. Please notify me immediately on its arrival.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

