
WINCHESTER, VA., March 16, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The anomalous position here by General Emory is a constant source of embarrassment to me. The organization of the Nineteenth Corps is still kept complete, only one division being here. The transportation of the division absent is held intact at Frederick. If his corps is not to be reunited here or elsewhere I should feel free to make such assignment of his troops and himself as the interest of the service may seem to demand. I contemplate taking a majority of the troops so long on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and replacing them with other troops, and in this arrangement might use General Emory and part of his troops, but it would interfere with with the corps organization. Recent investigations, through inspections, exhibit a complete lack of discipline in some of the organizations on the railroad, and I wish to put them they will be properly disciplined and instructed.

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 16, 1865-2.20 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Winchester, Va.:

General Grant's attention was some time ago called to the condition of the Nineteenth Corps, but he some not then ready to make any change. Your dispatch will be sent to him.

Your dispatch will be sent to him.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 16, 1865.

(Received 12 m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

Colonel Thompson, First New Hampshire Cavalry, with about sixty men (mounted) start for Mudday Branch to-day to report to you. About the same number leaves Remount Camp to-day to report to you. Will you send the Deleware cavalry to report to General Tyler?

Yours,

A. T. A. TORBERT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Cavalry, Middle Military Division.

U. S. S. DON, Saint Indigoes, Md. March 16, 1865.

(Received 10.10 a. m.)

Major-General AUGUR, U. S. Army,

Washington, D. C.:

With the home guards and Mosby's guerrillas the rebels on the Northern Neck now number about 800, most of whom are mounted. By landing a large cavalry force at Belle Plani these fellows could all be captured. I have now a sufficient force of gun-boats to encircle the

