
ORD'S HEADQUARTERS,

March 25, 1865. (Received 5.45 p. m.)

General GRANT:

Following just received:

HATCHER'S, March 25, 1865.

General ORD:

The following just received in answer to your inquiry:

"COBB'S HILL SIGNAL STATION.

"General HARTSUFF:

"The troops came from direction of Richmond. I think they were not taken from this front, as I cannot notice any charge. A train of nine cars, partly loaded with troops, just passed toward Richmond. Some of the troops were dressed in our uniform."

"THOS. S. BAIRD,

"Signal Officer."

I inquired as to the character of the reconnaissance directed, because an advance beyond the picket-posts in any place would bring on an engagement along the whole line. I desire to know whether it is the intention of the general commanding that I should make such a reconnaissance, or whether only extra watchfulness and attention along the picket-line is required for information.

G. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

Quiet reconnaissance ordered to-night.

E. O. C. ORD.
HDQRS. DEFENSES OF BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA.,March 25, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Dept. of Virginia:

SIR: There is at present no light battery belonging to this command. One is here, but it belongs and reports to the Twenty-fourth Corps, being permitted to remain here, I understand, for the benefit to the horses of the stables erected for them when the battery was attached to this command. The thoroughly efficient defense of the line, I think, requires that a light battery should be a part of its armament. From Battery Burpee to the Appomattox the line has no guns in position. The natural defense here is very strong and the pickets well advanced, so that there is very little likelihood of an attack, but it is a possible contingency and is very inadequately provided for. In the event of a temporary lodgment by the enemy in any portion of the line the value of a light battery would also be very great. I therefore respectfully request that this battery, or some other, may be assigned to this command.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.

HARRISON'S LANDING, March 25, 1865-7.20 p.m .

(Received 7.50 p. m.)

General RAWLINS:

I am here with my cavalry and General Roberts' infantry. They are going into camp at Westover Church.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

