
CITY POINT, VA., March 26, 1865-10 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I respectfully request that Major-General Humphreys be announced in orders as commander of the Second Corps, and Major-General Parke as commander of the Ninth Corps. I would also recommend that Brigadier-General Hartranft be brevetted a major-general, for conspicuous gallantry in repulsing and driving back the enemy from the lodgment which he made yesterday an our lines.

U. S GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 26, 1865-1 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I will send you by mail a detailed report from General Hancock, showing that he can take into the field about 25,000 men, moving from Winchester as his base. No one has been named as commander of the Eighth Corps when organized. Would not General Crook be the best man for it? General Hancock says he is very mich in want of good division and brigade commanders for his new troops. Could not some of the brevet generals in the Armies of the Potomac and the James be spared for that purpose? General Gillmore has sent about 4,000 of his own and 7,000 of Sherman's troops to North Carolina. Sherman has directed him to send 2,500 men to destroy railroad stock and stores at Sumterville and Florence. A part of Cruft's troops are expected to-day and will be sent forward at once.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., March 26, 1865-10.30 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Barlow, an excellent officer, is for duty, and can be assigned to General Hancock. If there is any other unemployed generals he wants let him have them. I will see if any can be sent from here. I would advise that no permanent commander be named for the Eighth Corps for a few days. I may be able to send Crook back soon.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 26, 1865-10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I take advantage of the visit of the President to recall to your attention the fact that neither Major-Generals Parke or Humphreys have been assigned by the President to the command of their respective corps. I do this with the less hesitation because I understand Major-General Gibbon, who has been in command a much shorter time and is junior to both these officers, has been, at General Ord's request, assigned. I would also suggest the immediate brevetting of Brigadier-General Hartranft and his assignment to the permanent command of

