HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 26, 1865. (Received 6.43 a. m.)

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

I report that my troops are now back in their old camps.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 26, 1865. (Received 12.50 p. m.)

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

The following has just been received by flag of truce on the picket-line near the Watkins house. The flag of truce was at once sent back:

PICKET-LINE, C. S. FORCES,

Near Hather's Run, March 26, 1865.

OFFICER IN CHARGE U. S. FORCES ON PICKETT:

SIR: I have just received authority from my commanding officer to effect with you an arrangement by which the ground between our two lines, which was fought over yesterday, can be searched for the killed and wounded still on the field. As it is believed that there are several Confederate and Federal dead and wounded on the field still unfound, I sincerely trust, in the name of humanity, that such an arrangement may abe satisfactorily agreed upon.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

W. R. DANA,

Second Lieutenant, C. S. Army.

I had thought of sending back reply that a communication from the officer in command of the forces opposite would be submitted to the proper authorities for action, but concluded not to communicate until authorized. There is no firing now and their dead are beyond our picket-line. We have no dead or wounded between the lines I am quiet sure. Please let me know whether I shall give the authority asked for, or send word that the request must be made by proper officers, or not send any reply.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

March 26, 1865-12.55 a. m. (Received 1 p. m.)

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

The enemy have a line of battle in their picket-pits of the Armstrong house field, which are now continuous. They have a second line of battle in pits close in rear, and strong supports again in rear of them; this on a front of about 500 yards. This shows their sensitiveness to our getting closer to the works there, and no doubt a design to retake tonight their pits which we hold to their left. I have directed the necessary measures and precautions to be taken and certain examinations to be made, and will report to you if it should be deemed necessary to retake any of the enemy's picket-line which we left or which they retook. Some ten of these pits on the Armstrong-house field were twice taken by McAllister yesterday and twice retaken by the enemy, they using a heavy line of battle covered by artillery. Just before dark General McAllister was directed to retake them, but he did not,

