
WHITE HOUSE, March 17, 1865-3 p. m.

General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Captain Moore and Allen of General Sheridan's staff came in this morning. The general marched from Mangohick church this morning. His advance will be within twelve miles to-night. I send his dispatch* by Colonel Dent, who will telegraph it from Yorktown. We have sent a squadron of cavalry to New Castle to-day to see if they can hear from Longstreet. They have been gone some five hours and sent in no report yet. We have several gun-boats now and shall and shall give them a handsome fight if they come here before General Sheridan. General Sheridan has directed me what to do in case of an attack. Hudson has not returned yet. Dent brings all of Sheridan's dispatches. I will see the general and then join you as soon as possible. Sheridan sends me word that he has plenty of supplies in case of supplies in case of trouble.

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-Have just received note from General Sheridan. He will camp at King William Court-House to-night, ten miles from here. His note was written 10 a. m. 17th. He has no further information about Longstreet.

O. E. BABCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

YORKTOWN, March 17, 1865. (Received 9.35 p. m.)

General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff;

Sheridan will be in early to-morrow morning at White House. Our scouts, up as far as Pipingtree, were not able to find Longstreet. Think he has gone back, but are on the watch for him. A cavalry scout to New Kent Court-House this morning ran into a rebel scouting party. We had two men wounded. Killed one private; wounded and captured a sergeant-major of the rebels. Colonel Babcock will leave as soon as General Sheridan comes in. Will bring the stall officer of Sheridan's directed with him.

F. T. DENT,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 17, 1865-10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Provost-marshal-persons reports thirty-nine deserters yesterday; corps commanders report thirteen this morning. No movements are reported but the relief of Johnson, though one man says he heard Rodes' division had gone to North Carolina.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

---------------

* See p. 15.

---------------

