HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 26, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER SIXTH CORPS:

General Heth, rebel, requests suspension of hostilities for one hour to bury dead. I thought you had opened the letter, since it was addressed to you.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

March 26, 1865.

With a view to probable movements of the corps, all surplus baggage, material, stores, &amp;c., will be sent to the rear to-morrow, and the troops kept in condition to move at a moment's notice. Four days' rations will be served to the troops and eight days' rations kept in the wagons, in accordance with instructions contained in circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, March 14, 1865. The troops will also provided with the amount of ammunition specified in said circular. When the corps moves but five batteries of four guns each will be smooth-bore and two rifled, and these will be provided with 270 rounds of ammunition per gun. The batteries to be taken will be designated by the chief of artillery, and the remainder will be sent to City Point. The wagons with the entrenching tools will be assigned to the respective divisions and accompany them. One-half of the ambulances, one medical wagon, and one army wagon with hospital supplies to each brigade, and one wagon with forage to each division; ambulance train will accompany the troops, and the remainder of the ambulances and hospital train will be held subject to further orders.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

March 26, 1865.

Division commanders will have their troops under arms at 4 a. m. to-morrow, and will remain so until one hour after daylight. Also, at 4 a. m. the picket-line of the respective divisions will be supported by two regiments, at least equal in strength to their present picket detail, to remain in position until it is light enough to plainly distinguish the enemy's position. The artillery will also be held in readiness as above. By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,March 26, 1865.

Major-General HUMPHRYES:

The officers of the day, corps and division, report that the right of your picket-line has not advanced so far as our left, and that the latter

