
has in consequence been compelled to incline to the rear, leaving the old rebel picket-line in order to keep up the connection. Can this be corrected by an advance of your right?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 26, 1865.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

I have sent out to ascertain about the right of my picket-line, and will inform you as soon as I learn the condition existing there. I must correct your statement, however. I took the enemy's entrenched picket-line on my front, from near my right to the vicinity of the Armstrong house, some time before the Sixth Corps took any part of the entrenched picket-line in their front, and the right of my rear picketline had to be refused from the enemy's old picket-line because the picket-line of the Sixth Corps had not advanced, instead of the reverse.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 26, 1865-1.10 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

Having referred your telegram to General Miles, commanidng the right division of the corps, he says: "My line is as far advanced as that of the Sixth Corps on my right." I have sent a request to the officer of the day on the line of the Sixth Corps on my right to advance his line with mine so as to strengthen it. I will send a staff officer to advance the right of my line if the Sixth Corps will keep up connection.

A. A. HUMPHRYES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 26, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing unusual has transpired since the repulse of the enemy yesterday and the re-established of our lines. The usual picket firing was kept up during the night. Two deserters from Sixth North Carolina, Lewis' brigade, came in. One of them states that Scales' brigade was engaged yesterday. Three regiments from the Thrid Division remained on the main line in the vicinity of Fort Stedman during the night. As soon as General Willcox can relieve these regiments I will return the Third Division to its old position.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

