HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE VIRGINIA,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

March 26, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General T. READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: The signal sergeant on Cobb's Hill Tower reports that "at 10.40 a. m. another extra train of ten cars, heavily loaded with troops, passed the Junction, going toward Petersburg?"

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

L. B. NORTON,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 37. Before Richmond, Va., March 26, 1865.

I. Foster's and Turner's divisions of the Twenty-fourth Corps will be prepared to march at - p. m. on the 27th instant. Order of march: First, Turner's division; second, Anthony's battery, third, ambulances of Turner's division and Anthony's battery; fourth, Foster's division; fifth, Elder's and Muchlenberg's batteries, sixth, ambulances of Foster's division and Elder's and Muhlenberg's batteries; seventh, ammunition and medical wagons of general and division headquarters trains; eighth commissary trains, in the same order as the troops; ninth, quartermaster's trains.

II. The infantry will carry forty rounds of ammunition in the boxes and sixty rounds per man will be taken in wagons. Troops of all arms will carry four days' rations in their haversacks and eighth days' rations for the whole command will be taken in wagons.

III. A strong guard will march in their rear of each division and will take stringent measures to prevent straggling.

IV. No citizens, other than Government employes and officers' severants, or wagons, carts, or other means of transportation, except such as belong to the Government, will be allowed to accompany the command. The provost-marshal will place guards at all convenient points and prevent the passage of all unauthorized persons or means of transportation.

V. The allowance of transportation for the command will be in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 37, current series, headquarters Armies of the United States.

VI. Chiefs of staff departments will give all necessary orders and details to carry out the provisions of this order.

By command of Major General John Gibbon:

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Before Richmond, March 26, 1865.

Brigadier General R. S. FOSTER,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: By direction of the major-general commanding the corps, the Twenty-third Regiment Illinois Volunteers will break camp to-mor-

