
MARCH 17, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Twenty-one deserters from the enemy have been forwarded to this officer up to 1 p. m. to-day.

* * * *

From their statements, which are somewhat contradictory, the following is understood to be the present position of the rebel army south of the Appomattox:

A. P. Hill's corps: Hill sick and Heth in command of corps. All of Heth's and Wilcox's divisions in line from the Wilcox house to Burgess' Mills. Thomas' brigade, of Wilcox's division, is now on the left of Scales' and left (enemy's left) of the division. Mahone's division in Pickett's old position north of the Appomattox.

Gordon's corps: Evans division (Gordon's old) and Grimes' division (Pegram's old) are, together with Thomas's brigade, of Wilcox's division, holding the line recently held by Bushrod Johnson's division, from the Appomattox to the Wilcox house. Of Johnson's division (Rodes' old) the rumors are divided. Some report it at Burkeville Junction, throwing up fortifications; others say it has gone to North Carolina. The former report that it is at Burkeville appears the most reliable. One deserter from Forty-eight North Carolina thinks this positive.

Bushrod Johnson's division; This division still occupies the old camping-ground of Evans' and Grimes' divisions in the vicinity of Burgess' Mills, and is keeping up a strong picket-line from Burgess' Mills to Dabney's Mills, and thence southwest to Gravelly Run. No recent information from the cavalry.

J. C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,March 17, 1865-9 p. m.

Brevet Brigadier-General SHARPE:

Refugees from Richmond who came into our lines to-day report that Sheridan had a fight with Pickett's division Wednesday. Wounded were brought into Richmond yesterday morning. They say Sheridan was moving toward White House. They came from Richmond to Drewry's Bluff this morning. Met a tug towing a quantity of pontoon boats up the river. The captain thought a bridge was to be put across the river above the city. One of them said it was reported that Sheridan lost two general officers and captured 700 of Picket's men. Local Defense troops all came back to the city yesterday.

MANNING.
HDQRS. ENG. Brigadier AND DEFENSES OF CITY POINT, VA.,March 17, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I was just at my table to offer some suggestions that occurred on reflecting upon the disposition General Meade mentioned to me yesterday as intended for the troops for of this vicinity when the orders reached me. Though if too late for any change I may perhaps

