HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 26, 1865.

General S. S. CARROLL,

Cumberland:

The order of General Stevenson and your modification concerning deserters from rebel army have been laid before the Secretary of War, who approves of the modifications. The general desires it to be understood that only those persons are to be moved North who are considered dangerous by their loyal neighbors or the governor, and wishes your modification to be generally known, so that no trouble may arise hereafter.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE DEPARTMENT,Baltimore, March 26, 1865.

Colonel SEWALL,

Commanding Officer, Annapolis:

Do the best you can to capture Boyle. General Tyler has been directed to send a squadron of cavalry to report to you, but it will be over twenty-four hours before it will reach you. Call upon the nearest commanding officer in General Augur's department for assistance if you need it. Perhaps he can give you some cavalry at once.

By order, &c.:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ANNAPOLIS, MD., March 26, 1865.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Brigadier-General Morris directs me to call upon nearest commanding officer in Major-General Augur's department for assistance in arresting murderers of Captain Watkins. Have you any cavalry in Prince George's or Calvert Counteis? If so, will you place direct them to aid in the capture of these men. I have sent a staff officer to Crownsville and Upper Marlborough, who will communicate all necessary intelligence. General Morris informs me that cavalry from his department will report to me to-morrow. I shall send it to Prince George's Calvert, and Charles Counties. General Bradford informs me he has communicated with Major-General Augur.

F. D. SEWALL,

Colonel, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., March 27, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The battle of the 25th resulted in the following loss on our sided: Second Corps-killed, 51; wounded, 462; missing, 177. Sixth Corps-killed, 47; wounded, 401; missing, 30. Ninth Corps-killed, 68;

