
wounded, 337; missing, 506. Our capture were: by the Second corps, 365; Sixth Corps, 469; Ninth Corps, 1,949. The Second and Sixth Corps pushed forward and captured the enemy's strong entrenched picket-line and turned it against him, and still hold it. In trying to retake this the battle was continued until 8 o'clock at night, the enemy losing very heavy. Humphryes estimates the loss of the enemy in his front at three times his own, and General Wright estimates it in his front as double. The enemy sent a flag of truce yesterday for permission to collect his wounded and bury his dead, which were between what had been their picket-line and their main line of fortifications. The permission was granted.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAS DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 27, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The annexed order has been made.* General Hartranft's appointment as brevet has been made and forwarded to you by mail. Cruft's command is embarking.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEP., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 49. Washington, March 27, 1865.

By direction of the President, the following assignments are hereby made:

I. Major General A. A. Humphryes, to the command of the Second Army Corps.

II. Major General J. G. Parke, to the command of the Ninth Army Corps.

III. Major General J. D. Cox, to the command of the Twenty-third Army Corps.

IV. All other troops in North Carolina not belonging to corps in General Sherman's army will constitute the Tenth Army Corps, of which Major General A. H. Terry is assigned to the command.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 27, 1865-1 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Ord telegraphs+ he is directed to take the position occupied by the Second corps, and his command will be at Broadway by noon to-morrow ready to move. This would indicate his crossing the bridge by daylight and making known his movement to the enemy. Do you intend this, and do you design he should occupy Humphreys' line? I

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

+See 11.30 a. m., p. 209.

