
From Weisiger's front:

Colonel B.:

At 10 morning two regiments infantry on drill behind Battery A and two to right of Battery C. At 12 m.,. one regiment infantry drilling behind Battery A and one to right of Battery C.

R.,

Sergeant, at C.

(Same to A. B.)

5 P. M.

Major P.:

On train of fifteen box-cars loaded with troops just passed toward enemy's left.

W.,

Sergeant, at D.

Very respectfully,

GEO. W. HOPPING,

Sergeant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 62. City Point, Va., March 27, 1865.

I. Major General George Crook, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to Major General George G. Meade, commanding Army of the Potomac, for assignment to command of cavalry.

* * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 27, 1865.

The following movements of the corps of this army are ordered:

First. At 3 a. m. of the 29th instant the Fifth Army Corps, Major-General Warren commanding, will move to the crossing of Hatcher's Run at W. Perkins' house; thence west to the junction of the old stage road and the Caughan road, and from this point will open communications with the Second Corps on the Vaughan road. This accomplished, the Fifth Corps will be move to occupy a position in the vicinity of Dinwiddie Court-House.

Second. At 6 a. m. of the same day the Second Corps, Major-General Humphreys commanding, leaving their pickets to be relieved by troops from Major-General Ord's command, will move down the Vaughan road, cross Hatcher's Run and Gravelly Run, and open communication with Major-General Warren's corps. This done, the Second Corps will be posted at the intersection of the old stage road and Quaker or military road.

Third. The Sixth Army Corps will be held in readiness to abandon the line of works now held by it, under orders from these headquarters, when its line of march will be indicated. The commanding officer of the Sixth Army Corps will occupy the line of works to Fort Cummings, putting the surplus artillery in the rear line of works.

Fourth. The commanding officer of the Ninth Army Corps will hold his present line until notified of the abandonment of the Sixth Corps line by that corps, when he will take up the return from Fort Davis to his left.

Fifth. The Second, Fifth, Sixth, and Ninth Corps will be supplied as directed in circular of March 14, 1865, from these headquarters.

