
Sixth. The trains of the Second and Fifth Corps not directed to go with the troops, and the general headquarters train, will be parked under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac, in the neighborhood of W. Perkins' house, on Hatcher's Run, and will be guarded by the Provisional Brigade and Colonel Spaulding's command, Engineer Brigade.

Seventh. The trains of the Sixth and Ninth Corps will be held in readiness to move, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac.

Eighth. The chief engineer Army of the Potomac will detail a pontoon train of about 100 feet of bridge to accompany the Fifth Corps to Hatcher's Run. The remainder of the train will await orders in their present camps, and will be prepared to move within lines of the Ninth Corps, and eventually to City Point, unless other be sent to them.

Ninth. The commanding officer cavalry division will at once prepare his command to move under the special instructions sent to him.

Tenth. Each corps will be prepared to move with five four-gun batteries (three smooth-bore and two rifled), instead of with nine four-gun batteries, ordered in paragraph 6 of circular of March 14. But one battery wagon will be taken with Second and Fifth Corps, the remainder will be parked with genera train at W. Perkin's house. The artillery will in all other respects be made to correspond to instructions of that paragraph.

Eleventh. With each corps will be taken the entrenching tools, one-half the ambulances, one medical wagon, one army wagon with hospital supplies to each brigade, and one army wagon with forage to each division ambulance train. The remainder of the ambulance train of the Second and Fifth Corps will be parked with the general train at W. Perkins'.

Twelfth. Ammunition wagons sufficient to carry twenty rounds of ammunition per man will accompany each division.

Thirteenth. Major-General Parke will assume command of the line of works from Fort Cummings to the Appomattox, including the defenses of City Point and the troops now garrisoning that post and line of works. He will keep up a threatening attitude with the force at his disposal, and in case he should discover any weakness on the part of the enemy he will attack at once, and with his whole force if necessary. With the cavalry now at his disposal and to be assigned to him he will watch and picket the roads in rear of his line.

Fourteenth. The commanding officer of the cavalry division will, before leaving, detail a mounted regiment to report to Major-General Parke.

Fifteenth. General headquarters will be near Second Corps.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 27, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES, Assistant Adjutant-General:

Since last report the troops of Fifth Corps on the left of the line have been relieved by a part of Hays' division of this corps, Battery F, First Pennsylvania Artillery, and a section of Battery B, First Rhode Island. A deserter from Cooke's brigade came in last night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

