
mention what had occurred to my mind, being mainly this: that while it is obvious that if there were no danger to be anticipated no troops at all would be needed on the lines of defense of City Point. Yet if there is danger it would be, as I should most expect, from a sudden burst or rush of the enemy either upon our left or directly in our left or directly in our front; and as I have but six and two-thirds companies of the Fifteenth Engineers on these lines, besides the one at the depot here, it could hardly be possible to insure the picketing on our left, which, as the minimum, I have found required 750 men, and provide for the guarding of the se eight forts, over 18,000 to 20,000 feet of crest line; while if one more regiment were retained (say, the Sixty-first Massachusetts) in camp upon or near the lines on one side of the railroad, while the engineers held on the other side to be ready at hand in case of emergency, I should have a much greater feeling of security than if I had to send two or three miles to the rear, as would be the case, to get the assistance from General Collis' command here. And it occurs to me that possibly it might meet the views of the commanding general to retain this Sixty-first Massachusetts Regiment on the lines as at present, but subject to details for a portion of them at least, if necessary, for special service at this post.

Very respectfully, your obedient,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 17, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet on this front during the past twenty-four hours. Detail, 500 men on the new corduroy road.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,March 17, 1865.

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this corps during the past twenty-four hours.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 17, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing new to report. Two deserters from the Forty-third North Carolina came in last night. They say the belong to Cowand's brigade, Grimes's division.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

