HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 27, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND, A. A. G., U. A. Army, War Dept.:

GENERAL: Having been assigned to the command of the Second Corps by the President of the United States, I beg leave to present the names of the following officers for appointment as aides-de-camp: Lieutenant and Bvt. Captain H. H. Humphryes, One hundred and twelfth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be aide-de-camp, with the rank of major. Captain Humphreys has served as one of my aides every since I commanded troops, and was recommended of promotion by brevet for distinguished gallantry at Fredericksburg and at Gerrysburg. At the former battle he was slightly, and at the latter severely, wounded. Mr. Henry C. Christiancy, of Michigan, to be aide-de-camp, with the rank of captain. Lieutenant Christiancy served as my adieu from November, 1862, to September, 1864, and was recommended for promotion by brevet for gallantry at the battles of Fredericksburg and Gettysburg, rendering me very intelligent service at the latter battle.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHRYES,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 27, 1865.

Major-General MEADE, Commanding Army of the potomac:

GENERAL: I beg leave to present for your consideration a statement concerning the position in which Lieutenant-Colonel Hazard, chief of artillery, Second Corps, is placed. He has been, I understand, for a very long period chief of artillery of the Second Corps, rendering in that capacity efficient service highly creditable to him. In common with the chiefs of artillery of the other corps of the army, he received a promotion of one grade by brevet for his services. But as he was major of an artillery regiment, whole the others were colonels of such regiments, he received the rank of lieutenant-colonel by brevet, while they received that of brigadier-general by brevet, the service begin in each case of a similar character. The return of a large number of general officers to the army of the potomac may result in the displacement of Colonel Hazard from his position, simply because he has not the rank of a general officer. In view of that fact and of his services as chief of artillery of the Second Corps (which, during the period I have commanded the corps, have been in every respect creditable to him), I would suggest that he should be promoted to the rank of brigadier-general by brevet, and I recommend him cordially for that rank.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 27, 1865-6.20 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHRYES:

General Grant telegraphers that the Chronicle of yesterday gives his dispatches differently from what they were written. Subsequent dispatches will give the lates information.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-General Wright and Parke.)

