
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 28. March 27, 1865.

The attention of all officers is called tot he wasteful use of ammunition in time of action. A great deal of random firing is indulged in by the men, which is perfectly useless and must be retrained by the officers. Men are often seen going to the rear while their regiments are engaged, their only excuse being that they are without ammunition. This will be no excuse. Ammunition can always be procured close behind the line of battle, but must be sent for by brigade or regimental commandeers. The troops should rely more upon the bayonet, which is the most powerful weapon. On the last campaign several regiments broke up and scattered in the most disgraceful manner. All commander will maintain the organizations of their commands under all circumstances, whether it be a regiment, company, or platoon. If a regiment receive orders to advance or fall back, it will do so in good order, and every officer must know where all his men are and hold them well in hand, so as to be able to move them in a body in any direction. In the coming campaign any organization which breaks and disperses in the manner above referred to will be recommenced to be disbanded. When attacked by the enemy, the skirmish-line, instead of falling back at once upon the main nine, will resist to the utmost and contest every foot of ground. If fairly compelled to retire, the skirmishers will be assembled upon the flanks of the regiments in their rear and participate in the engagement there. Brigade commanders will never allow skirmishers to pass to the rear of the line of battle. They will rally on it, and fight with it, and when the enemy are repulsed will be again advanced. The commanding general attaches this opportunity to express his gratification at the gallant and determined manner in which the division fought on the 25th instant. It was attacked outside its works by superior numbers of A. P. Hill's corps, and the attack was repulsed and the enemy handsomely whipped and forced back to his works by superior numbers somely whipped and forced back to his works. Every regiment did its duty,a nd scarcely a single skulker or coward was noticed in the rear. The coolness and skill of the officers and the valor and enthusiasm of the troops throughout the command demonstrates their superiority over the enemy and justifies their commander in the confidence which he reposes in them.

By order of Brevet Major-General Miles:

RICHD. A. BROWN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, March 27, 1865. (Received 8.45 a. m.)

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General:

Nothing of importance has occurred during the past twenty-four hours. One prisoner from the Eleventh Mississippi and one deserter from Ninth Virginia Cavalry, both forwarded to headquarters Army of the Potomac.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

