HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 27, 1865-11.55 a. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,Commanding Sixth Corps:

The major-general commanding has learned with regret that a portion of the picket-line taken up by you on the 25th has been taken from you by the enemy. If not considered by you important to be retained, he considers that you would have done better had you retired from it the first night. At present he feels disposed to see it recaptured and is not anxious to avoid any fighting between the lines; but still leaves it to your judgment to decide, after the flag of truce shall be over, whether or not you will retake it.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, March 27, 1865.

The following communication, received from headquarters Army of the Potomac, is promulgated for the information and guidance of division commanders. Until a movement takes place this will be considered confidential:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 27, 1865.

Major General H. G. WRIGHT,Commanding Sixth Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that the following extract from a letter of instructions from the lieutenant-general be furnished for you information and guidance:

"By these instructions a large pat of the armies operating against Richmond are left behind. The enemy, knowing this, may, as an only chance, strip their lines to the merest skeleton, in the hope of advantage not being taken of it, whilst they hurl everything upon the moving column and return. It cannot be impressed too strongly upon the commander of troops left in the afternoon of troops left in the trenches not to allow this to occur without taking advantage of it. The very fact of the enemy coming out to attack, if he does so, might be regarded as almost conclusive evidence of such a weakening of his lines. I would have it particularly enjoined upon corps wait for orders form the commanding officer of the army, but that they will move promptly and notify the commander of this action. I would also enjoy the same action on the part of division commanders when other parts of their corps are engaged. In like manner I would urge the importance of following up a repulse of the enemy.

"Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

"U. S. GRANT,

"Lieutenant-General."

In connection with the above, the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac desires to particularly impress upon corps commanders and commanders of divisions the necessity of vigorous action and prompt and active resistance in case the enemy should take the offensive. He reminds all that it is only by this course that we can insure immediate success.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

