HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 27, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend that the rank of brevet major-general of volunteers may be conferred upon Brigadier General John F. Hartranft, commanding Third Division, Ninth Army corps, for his conspicuous gallantry in charging the enemy with his command and recapturing Fort Stedman during the affair of 25th instant, as well as for his industry and efficiency in organizing and disciplining his division, composed entirely of new regiments.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 27, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant, and a reference made to my telegram of yesterday upon this subject, to which a reply was received that the nomination had been made to the Secretary of War and information returned that the appointment would be made. I forward this communication approved, in order that the facts may be placed on record in a more enduring form.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 27, 1865.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this date recommending Brigadier-General Hartranft, U. S. Volunteers, for the brevet of major-general of volunteers for his conspicuous gallantry in recapturing Fort Stedman during the action of the 25th instant, as well as for his industry and efficiency in organizing and disciplining his division, composed of new regiments. In reply, I am directed to inform you that before the receipt of your letter a recommendation to this same effect had been made by the commanding general to Lieutenant-General Grant, to which a response was received that this nomination had been made to the Secretary of War and a telegraphic answer returned that the appointment should be made. Since them the commanding general is informed by telegraph that Brigadier-General Hartranft is brevetted major-general, and the appointment has been forwarded by mail. Your recommendation is hereby forwarded to complete the record.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

