HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 27, 1865-8.55 p. m.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

As the second paragraph of General Orders, Numbers 13*, reflects so severely upon the reputation and character of Bvt. Brigadier General N. B. McLaughlen, now a prisoner of war, and as it is otherwise incorrect as to a statement of fact, I most respectfully beg that the order may be suspended and not promulgated until that paragraph is amended.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 27, 1865-9 p. m.

Major-General PARKE:

General McLaughlen is not mentioned in General Orders, Numbers 13, and no censure was intended to be put on him, but his command is considered as wanting in vigilance. Whenever the assertion that the order is incorrect in fact is made apparent by evidence it will be amended, but till then I shall feel it my duty to let it stand.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 27, 1865-10 p. m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

Can you promptly furnish me with a report and facts showing wherein the statement that due vigilance was not exercised by the Third Brigade, First Division, on the 25th, is incorrect and other points that may, in your judgment, be wrong in General Orders, Numbers 13. When your last dispatch was received the order had been sent to the Sixth and the Ninth Corps. I have directed it not to be distributed. I should regret doing injustice, but I cannot understand how this work and line could be carried by a rush, as you reported, if the defenders directed to be there were on the alert. If it had been carried after a prolonged struggle by overpowering numbers and continued efforts before supports, could arrive, it would be intelligent to me; but, as I understand it, no defense was made, but the work was in the hands of the enemy as soon as it was attacked. I shall be greatly gratified to be corrected, but I must request the statement to be at once sent, as I presume you are by this time prepared to do so.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See p. 174.

---------------

