HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 27, 1865.

Bvt. Major General O. B. WILLCOX,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Parke directs me to say to you, in connection with your note just received, that he had heard no unusual firing here, but that he desires you to keep up all due vigilance through the night.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 27, 1865.

Bvt. Major General O. B. WILLCOX,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: In addition to the instructions contained in the confidential circular sent you on March 15 instant, in contemplation of a movement of this corps, the following is furnished for your information and guidance:

1. By 5 o'clock on the morning of March 29 instant the troops will be rationed, as directed, in above-mentioned circular. The supply and ammunition trains will be loaded as therein and hereinafter directed and be in readiness to move.

2. Ammunition wagons sufficient for and provided with twenty rounds of ammunition per man will accompany each division.

3. Division commanders are instructed to make every provision to have their command in thorough condition for field operations by 5 o'clock on the morning of the 29th and to be in complete readiness to move at a moment's notice.

By command of Major-General Parke:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 27, 1865-10 a. m.

Major-General ORD:

You will want to take your canvas pontoons and engineer troops with you. As nearly as possible on Wednesday morning get your troops in the position now held by the Second Corps and relieve their picket that will be left until you arrive.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 27, 1865-11 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,City Point:

I shall send fifteen pontoons with Sumner; have fifteen left. I shall send the pontoons for Sumter without mules, as I have only mules enough fork fifteen canvas pontoons to go with column here.

E. O. ORD,

Major-General.

