HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,Chiefs of Staff:

General Ludlow thinks that if the telegraph wire, instead of crossing Back River on Jamestown Island at the upper end, were to run down the island and cross over Back river at the lower end, following the beach to the mouth of College Creek, where there is a small post, and thence to Fort Magruder, it would be under better control than it now is. Can this alternation be made?

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 27, 1865-9.30 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

I am ordered to move a command to near where left of your army rests. Shall start it in to-morrow. Where had I better encamp them so as not to be in the way and have good ground, and by what roads better reach destination? Please answer at once.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 27, 1865-10.35 a. m.

Major-General ORD:

Your troops had better encamp on the Weldon railroad south of Fort Dushane, in the vicinity of the Robertson house. The best road to avoid being seen by the enemy is from the Point of Rocks bridge to City Point railroad at Bland's house; thence, along that road to Sands'; thence southerly past Bowles's and Birchett's to McCann's Station, on Norfolk road; thence westerly by the Gurley house to the Weldon railroad. I will have a staff officer to meet you at the bridge, or report to your headquarters, as you may deem best. If you cross the bridge at night, and desire to conceal your movement, let me suggest you have a guard on the bridge, and do not allow any train, stragglers, &amp;c., to pass after daylight. I make this suggestion because intercepted rebel messages clearly prove that similar movements have been hitherto detected from the above causes.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 27, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

I have been ordered to take my command to the position occupied by the Second Corps. Please send me definite information in regard to the portion of your line occupied by this corps, and I would like to

14 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

