
have you send two staff officers to meet my columns and direct them by the proper roads from their camps near Broadway, which they will reach to-morrow before noon.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 27, 1865-12.45 p. m.

Major-General ORD,Commanding Army of the James:

General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps, holds from Fort Sampson to Hatcher's Run. Is ordered to move at 6 a. m., leaving his pickets to be relieved by you. The staff officers you ask for will be furnished you. The route indicated by General Meade in his dispatch was predicated upon the supposition that you were to cross the bridge at night. Should you move in the daytime the shortest route for you to take will be from Doctor Sands' house down the railroad past these headquarters. In the absence of Major-General Meade, I send you this dispatch, in accordance with instructions received from him.

Respectfully,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 34. Before Richmond, Va., March 27, 1865.

In the movements of this army no wagons or vehicles of any description belonging to settlers, traders, or camp-followers will be permitted to go along, and whenever such are found in the midst of or impeding the wagon trains or troops they will be at once turned out, and the troops. This order will at once be punished to the class of persons intended.

By command of Major-General Ord:

THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MEMORANDUM HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,

ORDERS. March 27, 1865.

I. Three divisions of the Army of the James, two of the Twenty-fourth, and one of the Twenty-fifth Corps will march to-night, General Turner's division leading. His wagons will cross in advance at Deep Bottom this p. m. and at Broadway as soon after dark as practicable. He will amp near the railroad from City Point to the left of the Army of the Potomac.

II. General Birney's division will start at dark this p. m., trains in advance, crossing at Aiken's, and in crossing at Broadway its trains will follow General Turner's division and in advance of its troops (Birney's), and when crossed will encamp in rear of General Turner's division.

