
III. Shortly after dark General Foster's division, trains leading, will start, crossing at Deep Botom, and move across to the bottom on this side of the Appomattox, resting where the one year's Pennsylvania troops were encamped, remaining there until the division of General Birney has crossed that stream, and, if possible, put their trains and men across be done, they will remain in camp this side of the Appomattox and follow the leading divisions to-morrow night.

IV. The cavalry under command of General Mackenzie will to-morrow night cross at the Aiken bridge, crossing as early as possible after dark, and follow the infantry as rapidly as may be.

V. The whole command is expected to reach the ground occupied by the Second Corps Wednesday morning. Arrangements will be made by division commanders to collect and punish stragglers at each bridge and not to let them pass the bridges scattered. The engineer troops will form the rear of the other infantry and camp with headquarters of the army. All the troops will move with four days' rations in haversacks and eight days' in wagons. To avoid hauling as much as possible, commissaries and quartermasters will have sufficient supplies delivered by rail at the railroads at a point which will be designated to fill up the wagons. Sixty rounds of ammunition per man will be taken in wagons, and as much grain as the transportation on hand will carry after taking the specified amount of supplies. In regard to other details, commanders will be governed by the verbal instructions received form these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Ord:

THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Before Richmond, Va., March 27, 1865.

Brigadier General J. W. TURNER,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The following telegram just been received.*

In the absence of General Ord I send you this for your guidance.

Very respectfully,

THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Before Richmond, Va., March 27, 1865.

[General TURNER:]

GENERAL: I hope you will be able to get into camp early enough to-night to give your men a good rest. Start your division at sunrise in the morning, taking the route laid down in General Meade's telegram.+ If Foster is up with you, he will follow your troops; if he is not, let your train follow directly after you. If both divisions and trains are across the Appomattox before daylight the troops will go ahead and be followed by the whole train. My headquarters to-night will be at Broadway Landing, probably on the south side.

Respectfully, yours,JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Grant to Ord, 5.30 p. m., p. 208.

+See 10.35 a. m., p. 209.

---------------

