
assigned to the command of the First Division of this corps, and will relieve Brigadier-General Wild at once. Brigadier-General Wild will be assigned to duty by General Kautz.

* * * * *

By order of Major-General Weitzel:

W. L. GOODRICH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 85. In the Field, Va., March 27, 1865.

* * * * *

8. After dark to-night the One hundred and fifteenth U. S. Colored Troops will be temporarily attached to the Second Brigade of the First Division. The Twenty-eighth and Tenth U. S. Colored Troops, will constitute a brigade under Bvt. Brigadier General C. S. Russell, colonel Twenty-eighth u. S. Colored Troops, to be called the Attached Brigade of the First Division, and will report to the commanding officer of the First Division. The Third Brigade of the First Division will move at once to the camp formerly occupied by Brevet Brigadier-General Henry's troops, near the headquarters of the Third Division of the Twenty-fourth Corps, and will obey any orders regarding movements, &amp;c., form General Charles Devens, but report, as far as papers, drill, and instruction is concerned, to the commanding officer of the First Division, Twenty-fifth Corps. General Russell's brigade will move at daylight to-morrow morning to the deserted camps of General Thomas' brigade, near First Division headquarters.

General Draper's brigade will be responsible for the whole line from Fort Burnham (exclusive) to Fort Brady (inclusive). The commanding officer of the First Division will see that camp-fires are kept burning as usual in all the camps, that as little change as possible is made at conspicuous points, and as far as possible cover the line of vacant tents nearest to the enemy with shelter-tents, and preferably occupy the two lines of tents near the line, instead of encamping in column. Until further orders the drum corps of each regiment will bear tattoo and reveille twice, and at different points. Reveille will, until furhter orders, be beaten ad daybreak. The whole command will be stripped for a movement and a fight; everything surplus sent across the James River.

By command of Major-General Weitzel:

W. L. GOODRICH,Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCH 27, 1865.

General CARR,

Fort Pocahontas:

General Ord directs that you send the spare battery you mentioned to him that you had (Wheeler's) to report to General Hartsuff, Bermuda Hundred, without unnecessary delay. Call on the quartermaster for transportation, if you haven't's it.

H. B. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

