HEADQUARTERS SEPARATE BRIGADE, Fort Pochontas, Va., March 27, 1865.

Captain H. B. SCOTT,Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Army of the James:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of this date, direction me to order the light battery at this post to report to General Hartsuff. The guns of the battery constitute the artillery armament of this post. I have made a requisition for guns to take their place. As soon as the requisition is filled the battery will be ordered to report as directed.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., March 27, 1865-6.30 a. m.

General INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster, Armies in the Field, City Point:

Captain Strang, without giving me the slightest notice, has ordered away all my fifty wagons, not even having the courtesy to inform me that he had done so. I had received a very important order for to-night, which this would have prevented me from executing except for the accident that the train had started. I learn that he has sent a messenger to call back even those. As I have over 150 heavy guns in position and am constantly receiving orders relative to them or their supply, I need a train not less than the above, and wold respectfully request that Captain Strang be ordered to supply it and hereafter not to recall it without my consent.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

CITY POINT, March 27, 1865.

Brigadier General H. L. ABBOT:

Colonel Batchelder, chief quartermaster, Army of the Potomac, informed me that the Artillery Reserve wagons would be able to perform the distribution of siege ammunition, as they were not to accompany the army. On the strength of this I ordered Captain Strang to withdraw the trains furnished by him, but he should not have taken them away without notifying you. I have telegraphed to Colonel Batchelder to send the wagons from the Reserve Artillery train at once.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 27, 1865.

General GORDON:

General Ord wishes to know whether the ferry-boats plying between Portsmouth and Norfolk can go through the Dismal Swamp Canal. Answer as soon as possible.

PETER S. MICHIE,Chief Engineer.

