
there, mostly belonging to Sheridan's command. I send three of them in the morning, and will send the rest as soon as I can find surgeons to relieve them.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Numbers 35. Winchester, Va, March 27, 1865.

Commanders of troops are enjoined to see that their commands are at once prepared for active service.

The troops should vacate their winter quarters and dispose of all surplus baggage and be fully equipped with the proper camp and garrison equipage.

The transportation will be at once fixed as prescribed in General Orders, Numbers 34, current series, from these headquarters, all surplus being turned in to the quartermaster's department.

Every ambulance used in the quartermaster's department as spring wagon must be at once marked, so as to be easily identified as such, and no others will be allowed to be used under any pretense except by the sick. The penalties prescribed in the act of Congress approved March 11, 1864, organizing the Ambulance Corps, for persons riding in an ambulance except when sick, will be rigidly enforced on and after the 3rd day of April, by which time the authorized wagons must be procured and marked so as to be distinguished from ambulances.

Quartermasters will turn in to the depot all ambulances in their possession not required by the medical department, and are forbidden to have any in their possession.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 27, 1865.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,Chief of Cavalry:

The major-general commanding desires you to send a cavalry scout tomorrow morning to Woodstock for the purpose of getting as accurate information as possible concerning the location and strength of the parties of the enemy in the Valley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS, Weston, W. Va., March 27, 1865.

Lieutenant J. P. WILKINSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Clarksburg, W. Va.:

SIR: Inclosed find the letter written by Captain W. T. Wiant, dated Glenville, W. Va., 20th instant, of which I beg leave to make the following statement: On the 18th instant Mr. Cather, a citizen of Taylor

