
Swamp and Bottom's Bridge, covering the latter and scouting above and below it on the Chickahominy, sending back escorts for supplies as needed. If he is heavily threatened by a superior force of the enemy he can return.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 17, 1865. (Sent 8.55 p. m.)

Colonel THEO. READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

During the last hour several explosions have been heard in the direction of Fort Darling.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

MARCH 17, 1865-9.25 p. m.

Colonel T. READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Another gun explosion has just been heard in the direction of Richmond. This is the fifth or sixth heard since the last one and a half hours.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Near White Oak Bridge, March 17, 1865-4 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the James:

One brigade of this command (Evans') has just returned to this point from Long Bridge, on the Chickahominy. Nothing satisfactory has yet been learned of General Sheridan's command. No firing was hear beyond the Chickahominy by any one we have met thus far. One reports says Sheridan's cavalry was in the upper part of New Kent County yesterday. This Colonel Evans thinks is unreliable. Several reports agree that Sheridan had a fight on Sunday last, seven miles north of Richmond, in Green's orchard, and another next day at Mechanicsville. My orders require me to move down along the Chickahominy. I shall send parties to all the fords and crossing I know of. If General Sheridan desires to cross the Chickahominy at Jones's Bridge (which would seem probable) this point here should be held; if at Botom's Bridge I should cross the White Oak Swamp at this point and get a position between Bottom's Bridge and Richmond. This I will do if I hear nothing of General Sheridan down the Chickahominy and do not receive contrary orders from you. If the in New Kent Country I will learn the fact very soon. The staff officer who brings this will convey to me any instructions you may have to send. We have encountered only very slight opposition thus far.

ROB. M. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding Division.

