
were handsomely repulsed, and were endeavoring to rally in the rifle-pits of the pickets when I gave the orders for a countercharge. Lieutenant Colonel D. S. Troy, of the Sixteenth Alabama, in charge of the enemy's force, was waving the colors of the Fifty-ninth Alabama Regiment, and was urging his men forward, when Private George W. Tompkins, of Company F, One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers, who was in the front of the charge, shot him down, and rushing forward, seized the colors, waving them in triumph in the front of his regiment.

Very respectfully,

CHARLES H. WEYGANT,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 124 th New York Volunteers.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 27, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward herewith the colors captured from the enemy during the affair of Fort Stedman, on 25th instant, as follows, One Virginia regimental color, number of regiment unknown; battle-flag of a North Carolina regiment, number unknown; battle-flag of Twenty-sixth South Carolina Regiment; four battle-flags, regiments unknown; one staff with remnant of flag attached, designation unknown. The names of the soldiers who captured these colors will be forwarded as soon as they can be correctly ascertained.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 28, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward herewith a rebel battle flag, regiment unknown, captured on the 25th instant. It is probable that not knowing its value, many pieces were torn from this flag by soldiers before it was made known to the officers that it was in their possession. The name of the soldier who captured it will be forwarded when properly ascertained.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 28, 1865-10.45 a. m.

Brigadier General JAMES A. HARDIE,

War Department, Washington:

Mr. Driscoll, the correspondent of the Tribune, has gone to Washington and probably to New York. McGregor, the correspondent of the

