HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 28, 1865.

Paragraphs 1 and 2 of instructions of March 27 are modified as follows:

1. Major-General Humphreys will not move before 9 a. m., unless previously notified that the troops of the Army of the James are in position. On moving, Major-General Humphreys will take up a position, his right resting on or near Hatcher's Run and his left extending to the Quaker road. He will advance his skirmishers, well supported, and feel for the enemy. If found in force outside his works, he will attack and endeavor to force him into his works.

2. Major-General Warren will move at the hour designated, but will not proceed beyond the junctions of the Vaughan and Quaker roads till being so notified, Major-General Warren will advance in the Boydton plank road, taking position with his right in connection with General Humphreys and reserving sufficient force to refuse and guard his left. Major-General Warren will also advance skirmishers, well supported, and in case the enemy is found outside his works, attack the endeavor to force him back to them.

The Second Corps train will be parked in the vicinity of the Cummings house. Corps commanders are notified that the cavalry will be operating on the left of the Fifth Corps.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 28, 1865-3 p. m.

[General Grant:]

I send you the within modifications, based on our conversation this a. m. and the position to be occupied by Ord's command. If there is anything that does not meet you approval please let me know by bearer. Griffin's column is now passing. I think Humphreys will be able to move by 7 a. m., if not earlier.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, March 28, 1865-11.30 a. m.

Major-General WEBB,Chief of Staff:

Will I find General Meade in if I ride over to headquarters?

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

He is here now.

A. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

