HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, March 28, 1865. (Received 12.30 p. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,At Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

General Miles reports that the pits of the enemy on picket-line, which were held yesterday by eight or ten men, have this morning but three in them.

CHAS. A WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOUR CORPS, Tucker's House, March 28, 1865.

[General A. A. HUMPHREYS:]

GENERAL: My men have but just reached camp, and I do not think I can well arrange it to relieve you pickets before daylight. i have directed them to be relieved immediately after your corps is relieved. I wrote you that we would leave here at 4 in the morning. My men, orderlies and all, are very much worn out, and I trust this arrangement will suit. Please send me two staff officers at 4 a. m.

Respectfully,JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, March 28, 1865. (Received 10.50 p. m.)

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: This afternoon about 3 o'clock a train of some thirty-six of the enemy's wagons was seen passing toward their right, about 300 yards in front of General Miles' picket-line. Exact information of this fact has only just been obtained.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, March 28, 1865.

1. This corps will be held ready to move to-morrow morning, the 29th instant, at 6 o'clock. The pickets will remain until relieved by troops form another corps, respecting which orders will be sent.

2. The troops will carry fifty rounds of ammunition upon the person and four days' rations of hard bread, coffee, and sugar, one day's salt meat, and three days' salt. Three days' beef on the hoof will be driven with the troops in division herds.

3. Each division will take with it twenty rounds of ammunition in wagons, one-half of the ambulances, one medical and one hospital wagon to each brigade, and one army wagon with forage for each division ambulance train.

The light headquarters wagons will accompany the troops, as will the wagons of entrenching tools. Of the later, one will accompany each division, the remainder to move with corps headquarters train.

15 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

