
4. Eight days' hard bread, coffee, sugar, and salt will be carried in the division supply train. Ten days' beef on the hoof will be driven with the corps herd, which will accompany the main train. Forage for eighth days will be taken.

5. The chief of artillery will direct one twelve-pounder and one three-inch rifled battery to report to each division commander. They will be prepared to move with the division at 6 a. m. the 29th instant, with 270 rounds of ammunition per gun. The other three batteries of the corps Tidball, chief of artillery, Ninth Corps, as directed in the order of the 14th instant. But one of the battery wagons of the six batteries remaining with the corps will accompany the batteries; the remaining five will move and be parked with the general trains. Rations and forage for the artillery will be the same as for the other troops.

6. All other trains, wagons, and ambulances than those designated in paragraph 3 to accompany the troops will be moved and parked under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the corps, who will received his instructions from the chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, March 28, 1865.

1. The corps will move out the Vaughan road to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock. Each division and the artillery will take with the troops the ammunition wagons, ambulances, &amp;c., and light headquarters wagons designated in the order of this morning to accompany the troops, and in taking position will have them parked well in rear.

2. The main trains will be moved to and parked in the Cummings house field, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the corps.

3. The Second Division will lead, and after crossing Hatcher's Run will take position on the north side of the Vaughan road, about half a by the artillery, holding the Vaughan road crossing of the run. This division will lie across and hold the Dabney Mill road.

4. The Third Division will follow the Second and form on its left, extending in the direction of the Gravelly Run Friends' Meeting-house, on the Quaker road north of Gravelly Run.

by command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, March 28, 1865.

1. The corps will move out the Vaughan road to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock. Each division and the artillery will take with the troops the ammunition wagons, ambulances, &c., and light headquarters wagons designated in the order of this morning to accompany the troops, and in taking will have them parked well in rear.

2. The main trains will be moved to and parked in the Cummmings house field, under the direction of the chief quartermaster of the corps.

3. The Second Division will lead, and after crossing Hatcher's Run will take position on the north side of the Vaughan orad, about half a mile from it; the right near enough to Hatcher's Run to be covered by the artillery, holding the Vaughn road crossing of the run. This division will lie across and hold the Dabney Mill road.

4. The Third Division will follow the Second and form on its left, extending int he direction of the Gravelly Run Friend's Meeting-house, on the Quaker road north of Gravelly Run.

5. The First Division will follow the Third and take post on its left, extending toward the vicinity of Gravelly Run Friends Friends' Meeting-house, and if practicable, without making a weak lien across the Quaker orad, so as to hold that road.

6. Each division will keep one-third of its force in reserve. The skirmishers will be well thrown out and strongly supported. After the corps is in position, orders will be given by the corps commander to advance the skirmishers and feel for the enemy, with a view to attacking him if found outside of his works.

7. The Fifth Corps is directed to take position on the left of the Second Corps, uniting with it near the Quaker rod, and will, like the Second Corps, advance its skirmishers and feel for the enemy.

8. Major-General Gibbon will send troops to occupy the line now held by the Second Corps at about 5 a. m. The Second Division will

