
move without regard to their arrival. The Third Division will leave a brigade near the Tuckner house battery and some troops near Batteries C and D. If General Gibbon's troops should not have arrived at the time the division leaves, the troops, if any, left behind will proceed to join the corps as soon as General Gibbon's troops come up. The First Division in like manner will, under similar circumstances, leave a brigade near Battery A. The pickets of the Second Corps will be relieved by General Gibon's troops, and will then join their respective divisions, under the direction of the division officer of the day. General Gibbon's officers will report at the headquarters of the division of this corps at 5 a. m., to be put in communication with the division officers of the day.

9. Reveille will be as usual, not at the hour of march or increased, but as sounded under ordinary circumstances.

In acknowledging with great satisfaction the promptitude, skill, and courage which distinguished the troops in the recent operations, the commanding general desires to say that he relies confidently upon them exhibiting the same of this occasion.

NOTE-CONFIDENTIAL.-The cavalry in strong force will operate upon the left of the Fifth Corps. General Ord's troops and General Wright's may take part in the operation.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 28, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel HAZARD,

Commanding Artillery, Headquarters Second Corps:

General Wright says you propose to withdraw your guns form Forts Welch, Gregg, and Sampson to-morrow morning. General Meade says that General Wright will hold the Sixth Corps here to-morrow at least, and these forts must have their artillery. Arrangements must be made accordingly. The forts on your line, A, B, C, D, E, you report March 26 as having twenty guns; General ord can replace sixteen. You reported Welch, Gregg, and Sampson twelve guns; sixteen are of these I understand that twelve are of surplus sections. If these are all sent back it will take twenty-eight guns form your artillery, leaving you but five batteries, and General Medw directs that rather than strip the forts you take but twenty-eight guns form your artillery, leaving you but five batteries, and General Meade directs that rather than strip the forts you take but twenty guns, five batteries, with your corps. I wish you, therefore, to arrange to keep the guns in Forts Sampson, Welch, and Gregg. If you can put two surplus sections in, you will keep your six batteries with the corsp. The batteries you propose to end to Colonel Tidball will therefore be left, four guns with General Ord and twelve with General Wright, which will remain with him until the Sixth Corps line is abandoned, and will then report to General Tidball, unless otherwise ordered. These arrangements must e made at once, and you will report to me what batteries move with your corps, and that provision is made to leave the sixteenth guns on the line as directed.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brevet Major-General.

