HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, March 28, 1865.

Brevet Major-General HUNT,Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

I have arranged to leave four guns in Fort Gregg, four in Fort Sampson, and four in Battery A, and to take six batteries with me. If General Ord brings with him sixteen guns it will be sufficient to arm the line to the left of Battery A. Shall take two of my guns from Fort Welch, leaving four in it belonging to Sixth Corps. i trust this arrangement will be satisfactory. Shall take with me Battery B, Rhode Island; B, New Jersey; K. Fourth United States; M, First New Hampshire; Tenth Massachusetts, and Eleventh New York, leaving on the line, in command of Captain C. A. Clark, Twelfth New York, Sixth Maine, and F, First Pennsylvania. Please answer by telegraph as soon as convenient if this arrangement meets with your approbation.

JNO. G. HAZARD,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, March 28, 1865.

Colonel C. A. WHITTIER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: The wagon seen by my pickets this afternoon were just in rear of the enemy's outposts and but about 300 yards from my picket-line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, March 28, 1865.

Major-General WEBB,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We shall undoubtedly have a lot of dispatch writing to do in the contemplated movement. I fear some confusion. Cannot we adopt some system of numbering them so that we can tell whether any are omitted; have them stated by whom sent in charge, of, &amp;c.

I was in great doubt in one of you dispatches on the movement in February, whether or not you meant Captain Emory to take a dispatch he brought for General Gregg, or for me to send it to him. The dispatch said I must furnish the necessary escort, as I thought to him, but he said he had no directions to go to General Gregg, and did not go.

There is some confusion in the names Hatcher's Run and rowanty Creek. Sometimes they are used indiscriminately I believe. It is called Hatcher's Run till it meets Gravelly Run, and these two united take the name Rowanty Creek. Thus I cross Rowanty Creek at W. Perkins'. General Humphreys crosses Hatcher's Run and Gravelly Run by he Vaughan road. This, which is only and easily explained confusion to any of us who are familiar with the maps, may not be so to others. Arrangements should be made to have the telegraph run down the Vaughan road with General Humphreys, which I suppose will

