
be done. I would also call attention to the fact that unless specially directed otherwise, perhaps commands will sound reveille at some unusually early hour and this can be heard in the stillness of the morning a long distance. General Humphreys and myself will look out for that, but I am apprehensive General Ord's troops may not have had warning on this point, and that would warn the enemy and put him on his guard.

If that officer that came in last night gained correct information the enemy will be ready for us at Dinwiddie Court-House, unless we make a rapid movement to that point. I might be exceedingly useful to me to know the probably route of General Sheridan. I probably am anticipating in writing this, but it can do no harm.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 28, 1865-8.15 p. m. (Received 8.25 p. m.)

Major-General WARREN:

General Humphreys is not certain that he can reach to the Quaker road. He is instructed to place his right within supporting distance of General Ord and to form his line and determine his left by his formation of his corps. He is informed that you will probably move up the Quaker road to connect with his left after being informed of his being in position.

ALEX. S. WEBB,Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[MARCH 28, 1865.-Fort General Orders, Numbers 22, Fifth Army Corps, (excepting paragraph 11, which was issued as Circular, Numbers 27, following), announcing order of march for the 29th instant, see Part I, p. 797.]

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Near Hatcher's Run, Va., March 28, 1865.

In the contemplated movement to-morrow, the musicians will be left in camp to sound reveille as usual, not at the hour of march, but as sounded under ordinary circumstances. Commanders are requested to give this matter their particular attention. After the usual hour of reveille has been sounded the musicians can join their respective commands. When the troops leave camp to-morrow morning they will do so as quietly as possible. Great care will be taken that nothing in the camps is set on fire.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE.

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

