HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Before Richmond, Va., March 17, 1865.

Colonel R. M. WEST,

Commanding Cavalry Division;

COLONEL: You can carry out your plan proposed of crossing the White Oak Swamp and taking a position between Bottom's Bridge and Richmond. At the same time you make arrangements to leave if General Sheridan has any force on the north side of Chickahominy in New Kent County. The report of guns heard may have been from some other quarters than Bottom's or Long Bridges and from some other force than General Sheridan's. In case you do not hear any reliable intelligence of General Sheridan or his parties by to-morrow morning in New Kent or vicinity, you can return with your command. General Grant has no information that General Sheridan is at present in New Kent or is with his parties attempting to cross the Chickahominy, but is very desirous to communicate with him and give him such aid and supplies as the may need or his advance parties may require, should they be near that river.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEODORE READ,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,March 17, 1865. (Received 7.40 p. m.)

Brigadier-General TURNER:

The following dispatch just received from Colonel West and respectfully transmitted for consideration of the general commanidng the Department of Virginia. Please reply with reference to ambulances:
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,

In the Field-4.10 p. m.

Captain H. C. WHIPPLE:

In my dispatch of 4 a. m. I expressed the intention of crossing the swamp at White Oak bridge. When daylight came I found this impossible with the means at my command, because of the amount of labor necessary. I have just found a crossing a will execute the orders of the commanding general to the best of my ability early to-morrow morning, striking by or before daylight. I shall have to send all my wheels, i. e., ambulances and headquarter wagons, in to-night by a special escort, as I cannot get them over the swamp. One of my staff officers saw a scout of General Ord's who had been on the north side of the Chickahominy last night. He reports a considerable force of our infantry at New Kent Court-House. I have had parties along the Chickahominy to-day several miles. All the fords are impassable; the streams much swollen. The messenger arrived safely with both dispatches and they were delivered to me at 4 p. m. I should much prefer to have authority for going without ambulances. We will certainly lose a great many men. Perhaps the result would compensate. If I cannot get the ambulance across shall I go without them? There will be time your reply to reach me before I start.

ROB. M. WEST,

Colonel, &amp;c.

Respectfully, &c.,

H. C. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

