
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, March 28, 1865.

Division commanders will have their troops under arms at 4 a. m. to-morrow, and will remain so until one hour after daylight; also at 4 a. m. the picket-lines of the respective divisions will be supported by two regiments (or move if the division commanders hold deem it advisable), at least equal in strength to the present picket detail, to remain in position until it is light enough to plainly distinguish the enemy's position. The artillery will also be held in readiness as above.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, March 28, 1865.,

The following is furnished for the information and guidance of division commanders:

The operations ordered from headquarters Army of the Potomac for to-morrow are:

First. The Fifth Corps to move to Boydton plank rod, in vicinity of Dinwiddie Court-House, with its right resting near the Quaker road.

Second. The Second Corps is to extend from Hatcher's Run to the Quaker road, connecting with right of Fifth Corps, and both corps are to push forward strong skirmish-lines. If the enemy offers battle outside his works, he is to be attacked.

Third. The cavalry is to operate to the left of the Fifth Corps.

Fourth. Three divisions of the Army of the James are to take position near Hatcher's Run, relieving the Second Corps picket-line, and being held ready to operate to the right or left.

Fifth. The Ninth and Sixth Corps to remain in position, and to attack in case the enemy withdraws largely form his present line to meet our movements on the left.

Division commanders are enjoined to have close watch kept upon the enemy and to report any movements that may be discovered. Should he detach largely from our front, the corps will attack, moving probably to the left of the house burned on Saturday, in order to avoid the inundation to the right of that point. Such an attack must be made with vigor, as we must carry the enemy's line if we attempt it. This accomplished it will be determined whether ot move to the right, toward Petersburg, or to the left, in the direction of the Boydton plank road, to take in flank he enemy's force operating against the Second and Fifth Corps. The latter will be the more brilliant and decisive operation, and will be chosen, unless there should be good reason to the contrary.

Corps headquarters will remain as at present till a movement is ordered or notification of a change sent; but a telegraph office will be established near the signal tower, in the vicinity of General Getty's headquarters, by 6 a. m. to-morrow, to remain till a movement is ordered.

Troops will be kept well in hand during to-morrow, to be ready for the forward movement mentioned above, or to the right or left, as may be ordered.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

