HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 27, 1865. (Sent 12.30 a. m. 28th.)

Major General G. G. MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac:

The point in paragraph 2 which I mentioned as being incorrect was the statement of the capture of Battery Numbers 9. It was the object of a determined assault, but was not at any time carried by the enemy. I have not received official reports of the affair, but should hesitate to believe that the line in any portion was surprised. General McLaughlen was noted for his vigilance. But the distance between the tow lines so slight at the point where ours was broken that a small force, as ours must necessarily be on so extended a front, could hold in check a large mass of troops only for a few moments, when the time of night precluded the possibility of the movement being seen by troops in the batteries to the right and left. Fort Stedman, the only inclosed work taken, was not surprised, but overwhelmed, after a sturdy resistance. It was surrounded on all sides. The ground in the rear is nearly on a lever with the parapet. The commander of the fort, Major Randall, avers that the men fought bravely, even using the butts of their muskets in a hand-to hand fight. That the fort was not taken at once is shown by the capture therein of General McLaughlen, who came from his headquarters from 800 to 900 yards distant. The conviction that you would be gratified to correct any misapprehension of the facts in the case, as well as my desire to defend the honor and reputation of an absent officer, which are involved when his command is censured, prompted me to forward my dispatch.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 28, 1865-6.15 a. m.

Major-General PARKE,Commanding Ninth Corps:

Your telegram of 12.30 a. m. was received after I had retired. I admit the error of fact in regard to Battery 9, my information coming from a dispatch form some artillery officer during the operations, and I am willing to give the Third Brigade, First Division, the benefit of the doubt which your telegram throws over the conviction I previously entertained that they had been surprised from want of vigilance. This was all I charged. I have therefore ordered the suppression of General Orders, Numbers 13, as it is too late to amend it.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 28, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing unusual occurred along lines during the past twenty-four hours. The enemy opened with the columbiad upon the cavalry moving over the plain this side of Meade's Station. A brigade officer

