
CITY POINT, VA., March 28, 1865.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Military Division:

The Fifth Army Corps will move by the Vaughan road at 3 a. m., to-morrow morning. The Second moves at abut 9 a. m., having but about three miles to march to reach the point designated for it to take on the right of the Fifth Corps after the latter reaching Dinwiddie Court-House. Move your cavalry at as early an hour as you can and without being confined to any particular road or roads. You may go out by the nearest roads in rear of the Fifth Corps, pass by its left, and passing near to or through Dinwiddie, reach the right and rear of the enemy as soon as you can. It is not the intention to attack the enemy in his entrenched position, but to force him out if possible. Should he come out and attack us or get himself where he can be attacked, move in with your entire force in your own way and with the full reliance that I shall be on the field and will probably be able to communicate with you. Should I not do so, and you find that the enemy keeps within his main entrenched line, you may cut loose and push for the Danville road. If you find it practicable, I would like you to cross the South Side road between Petersburg and Burkeville and destroy it to some extent. I would not advise much detention, however, until your each the Danville road, which I would like you to strike as near to the Appomattox as possible. Make your destruction on that road as complete as possible. You can then pass on to the South Side road west of Burkeville and destroy that in like manner. After having accomplished the destruction of the two railroads, which are now the only avenues of supply to Lee's army, you may return to this army, selecting you road farther south, or you may go on into North Carolina and join General Sherman. Should you select the latter course, get the information to me as early as possible, so that I may send orders to meet you at Goldsborough.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ORDERS.] CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS, Gregg's Station, March 28, 1865.

The cavalry command will move to-morrow morning in the following order, on the following designated roads and at the following hours: The Second Division will move at 5 a. m. to Dinwiddie Court-House, via the Jerusalem plank road, Gary's Church, Reams' Station, and Malone's crossing of the Rowanty Creek. As soon as the Second Division has moved out, the First and Third Cavalry Divisions, Brevet Major-General Merritt commanding, will move out, following the Second Division to the same point. Three pontoon boats will be ordered to report to Major-General Crook at 5 a. m. to-morrow, and will be taken to the crossing of Rowanty Creek, and, if necessary, a bridge will be constructed. All the wagons will be collected on the Jerusalem plank road, and will be formed into one train and will be escorted in rear of the command by one brigade of Brevet Major-General Merritt's command. The ambulances will accompany their respective divisions. Strong scouting parties must be sent well out on all roads coming in on the left flank, and after the crossing of Rowanty Creek these scouting parties must be pushed out as far as Stony Creek. The infantry

