HEADQUARTERS, Tucker's House, March 28, 1865.

General TURNER,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your division will move at 5 a. m., following Foster's division, taking the same battery with you. You will probably be in reserve in the vicinity of the Tucker house. I will see to putting you in position.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CITY POINT, March 28, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL:

Report of deserters on the Petersburg front shows that Gordon's corps, Johnson's division, Pickett's division, Heth's and Wilcox's divisions are now south of the Appomattox. This leaves only Kershaw's and Mahone's divisions north of the James and between the two rivers.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MARCH 28, 1865-4.40 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

Deserters of last night on my front report the same thing, but that leaves Mahone's division between the Appomattox and James, and Custis Lee's command, three brigades of Kershaw's division, and Field's division north of the James. The total force of the enemy at this moment north of the James is as follows: Custis Lee's command, about 2,000, composed of the following: Eighteenth Georgia and Eighteenth, Nineteenth, Twentieth, Tenth, Twenty-fifth, Fortieth, Fifty-fifth, Forty-seventh, Twenty-second Virginia Battalions; Kershaw's three brigades, about 1,450; Wofford's brigade, 600; Bryan's brigade, 450; and Humphreys' brigade, 400; Field's division, 3,935 men; Bratton's brigade, 1,325; Benning's brigade, 700; Law's brigade 710; Anderson's brigade, 900; Gregg's brigade, 300. Total north of the James, 7,385 men.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

MARCH 28, 1865-10.10 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point:

A most intelligent deserter, who says he only came in because he knocked his captain (who had insulted him) down, says that he saw Corse's brigade, of Pickett's division, this morning; that it was then on their left; that three brigades of Pickett's division crossed on Friday night, and were to support Gordon's attack; that Pickett is blamed because he was late; that he loitered on the way at his old headquarters. This deserter belongs to Humphreys' brigade, of Kershaw's division. He says the whole of Field's division is over here.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

