
CITY POINT, VA., March 28, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL:

The information which you telegraphed is the same that I got from other sources, except as to the location of Corse's brigade. Deserters to the Army of the Potomac report three brigades of Pickett's division as confronting our left, and I understood the other brigade to be between Swift Creek and the Appomattox. Field's division and three brigades of Kershaw's are north of the James, besides the City Battalions. Your informant may be right about the location of Corse.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS, March 28, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL:

Deserters from Bermuda from report that part, if not all, of Pickett's division is on the south side of the James, having come from Richmond Saturday morning, immediately after the fight before Petersburg. One man says the mail-carrier brought in the report that some of the division was encamped Saturday on the telegraph road a mile below Chester Station. No change of Mahone on Bermuda front.

FRED. L. MANNING,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA., March 28, 1865.

General WEITZEL,Commanding:

A man was captured on our right while exchanging papers. All commanders below me think he ought to be sent back. I do not think he ought to have been taken or that he ought to be sent back. It may prevent our getting information, but we can afford non-intercourse better than they, I think. I request your decisions regarding the disposition to be made of the prisoner. I have no idea of what the practice has been, or whether there has been any practice concerning it.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. CAV. DIV., ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 27. In the Field, March 28, 1865.

This division will move this p. m. at 6 o'clock. The men will have three days' cooked rations in haversacks, and two days' forage will be carried on the horses; six days' rations and forage will be carried in wagons. Commanding officers of brigades will have their brigades supplied with sixty rounds of ammunition per man; sixty rounds per man, in addition, will be carried in wagons. The dismounted men of each regiment, if more than twenty, will be left in charge of a commissioned officer; if less than twenty, in charge of a non-commissioned officer. All detachments of dismounted men will report at once to the commanding officer of the Twentieth New York Cavalry for duty. The Twentieth New York Cavalry will remain in its present camp and will

