
not move with the division. Captain Noggle, commanding Fourth Wisconsin Battery, will report temporarily to the commanding officer of the Twentieth New York Cavalry. The commanding officer of the Twentieth New York Cavalry will report ot Major General Godfrey Weizel for duty. Commanding officers will take care that any property left in the several camps is packed up and prepared fore removal, as it is probable the camps will not be again occupied by this division. The commanding officer of the Twentieth New York Cavalry will at once relieve the pickets of this division.

By command of Brigadier General R. S. Mackenzie:

AUGUSTUS H. FENN,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 28, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Train:

GENERAL: On the movement of to-morrow taking place you will report to Major-General Parke, who remains in command of the lines of Petersburg and City Point. Should you require wagons for transporting ammunition to the lines you will obtain them on ampliation to the commander of the Artillery Reserve, with whom and General Tidball, who will be in command of the artillery, you will make the necessary arrangements. This is rendered necessary because the quartermaster's department needs the wagons you have heretofore used.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Artillery.

WINCHESTER, March 28, 1865-11 a. m. (Received 12.15 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

If General Couch is not available, I would suggest General Franklin. It should be remembered that each of those officers is senior to me, however.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 28, 1865.

General EMORY:

Major-General Hancock directs me to say that if, form the information you have, you think a force sent out by Colonel Reno can effect anything against the guerrillas near you your place, you can send a dispatch, in the general's name, by special engine, to General Egan to send out a squadron of Reno's regiment, giving him such information as you may have as to the proper direction for the squadron to take.

C. H. MORGAN,Brevet Brigadier-General.

