HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGININA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Before Richmond, Va., March 17, 1865-10 p. m.

Captain H. C. WHIPPER,

Assistant Adjutant-General Cavalry Division:

I send you the following for Colonel West, the receipt of which you will acknowledge:

Colonel WEST,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

You need not make the attack ordered in the dispatch to you this afternoon, but reaming between White Oak Swamp and Bottom's Bridge, covering the latter and scouting above and below it on the Chickahominy, sending back escorts for supplies as needed. If you are heavily threatened by a superior force of the enemy you can return.

By command of Major-General Ord:

THEODORE READ,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 17, 1865.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

White House, Va.:

Your dispatch of the 15t is this moment received.* A brigade of troops as guard to supplies for your command has been at White House for two days to meet you. The evening of the 15th I sent all the cavalry of the Army of the James, except necessary pickets, to the Chickahominy, to threaten in that direction and hold the enemy's cavalry as far as possible. I have ordered them now to mover up between White Oak Swamp and the Chickahominy, to attract as much attention as they can and go as far as they can. It has been so long since your dispatch was written, however, I fear you will receive no material benefit from movements made here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, March 17, 1865.

Major W. L. JAMES,

Chief Quartermaster, Fort Monroe:

Please send the plank the railroad bridge required by Colonel Babcock to White House with all possible dispatch.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, Numbers 14. King William Court-House, March 17, 1865.

I. The command will march to-morrow at 6 a. m. in the following order: First Division; second, trains; third, First Division.

II. The command will move to the crossing of the Pamunkey near the White House, this side of which it will mass and await orders.

III. The march will be conducted slowly, each division commander requiring his command to waled and lead one hour in each three hours

---------------

* See Part II, p. 993.

---------------

