
is bringing up Crawford and Ayres, and as soon as they are in position, or by 6 p. m., if not again attacked, he will attack the enemy. Major-General Humphreys reports the Second Corps in position, but no enemy in his front as yet, he still advancing. Orders have been sent to him to push his nearest division to the support of Warren.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

(Above sent also for information of commanding officers Sixth and Ninth Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 29, 1865-6.55 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

A dispatch of 5.50 p. m. from General Warren reports that on advancing to attack the enemy was found to have retired, and is supposed to have withdrawn to his main line of works. Major-General Warren is following him. The fighting was quite severe for a while. Casualties not yet reported. Brevet Brigadier-General Sickel wounded. General Warren's left is on the Boydton pike. He states his skirmishers on the left report the enemy's cavalry moving rapidly north from Dinwiddie; undoubtedly before Sheridan.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Gravelly Creek, March 29, 1865.

Major General G. G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: General Warren's report of 5.50 p. m. looks as if the enemy may fall back behind Hatcher's Run during the night, leaving the road open to us ot Burgess' Tavern. If so, we will want to wheel to the right so as to cover all the crossings of the run as soon as we can. If the enemy does not fall back, we will then push up close to him and feel out to our left and endeavor to force him to this course. Sheridan has received orders to push for the enemy's right rear in the morning, unless the position of their cavalry makes a different course necessary, and not to leave us until he receives further orders.

Respectful, &amp;c.,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 29, 1865-8.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-general GRANT:

General Humphreys' line of battle occupies Dabney's Mill. there has been some sharp skirmishing about sunset at that point, the enemy evidently feeling for our position. Humphreys' right is now in advance of Ord's left. Ord's line is, however, a good one to retain for the present, but a sit can be held with two divisions I would suggest his third division being sent across Hatcher's Run, to take position on Humphreys' right and advance with him in the morning, when, if any

