
appreciable alarm is made, Ord can throw forward his left. If this suggestion is approved General ord should send a staff officer to General Humphreys, who will designate the ground to be occupied.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

GRAVELLY CREEK, March 29, 1865.

Major General G. G. MEADE:

I ordered Ord to move one division at 5 a. m. south of Hatcher's Run to the support of Humphreys' right; also to send a staff officer to report to General Humphreys at the same hour, to leave when the division should be posted.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 29, 1865-9.15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The inclosed order for to-morrow's movement was written prior to the receipt of your view. I think it embodies them. Since writing it the inclosed dispatch form Warren has been received. I judge from it that Griffin (at, I think, intersection of Quaker and Boydton roads) is up to the enemy's line of works-these works, as I understand, extending in front of the White Oak road and south of Hatcher's Ru. I have written to Warren that if this is the case, that Griffin is up to these works, then he must deploy to the left as far as he can, securing his flank, and develop their line. Humphreys will push up to Warren's right and between that and Hatcher's Run. The enemy's line crosses the run about on the prolong action of the White Oak road. If they have not got a continuous line Humphreys' movement will develop the fact and will turn their works on the Boydton plank in front of Griffin if they are detached. This order has been issued, but can be modified if you wish it.

Respectfully, yours,GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 29,1 865.

Major-General Warren will advance his line at 6 a. m. to-morrow, letting his right rest over and across the Quaker road and his left extending as far as consistent with a due covering and guarding of his flank. Major-General Humphreys will at the same time advance his lien, his right forward as far as Crow's. The object of this movement is to force the enemy into his line of works and develop the same, and if he is found out of his line to give battle. Corps commanders will endeavor to have reserves suitably posted along their lines, and will render each other such mutual support as the exigencies of the hour may demand.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

