
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, March 29, 1865-7.30 p. m.

Major-General WEBB, Chief of Staff:

General Griffin followed up the enemy, who presented only a skirmish line which he rapidly drove back. The One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania drove them out of their position around J. Stround's on the Boydton plank road. The enemy opened then with who pieces of artillery form near the White Oak rod, there being an intervening clear field half a mile or more across. The difficult woods on each flank prevented either Generals Miles or Crawford keeping up on the right and left, and it was dark fore they could be informed of General Griffin's position. I think General Griffin's farther advance due north impracticable if the enemy offers any resistance. Skirmish furring was heard to the right and rear of Griffin's advance, ad infantry of the enemy could be seen withdrawing to the White Oak road moving away form General Humphreys' front. I have entrenched a brigade and who batteries at J. Stroud's, placed Crawford's division on and facing the plank road form that point to Gravelly Run. General Miles will move up to General Griffin's right (which in the meantime is secure) at daybreak, and General Ayres' division is in reserve and picketing the rear. Our killed and wounded the surgeons estimate as rising 300. I have no means yet of estimating the enemy's loss, but his deads and severely wounded are in our hands. My escort, under Captain Horrell, had a very creditable fight on General Griffin's left flank and performed essential service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 29,1 865.

Admiral D. D. PORTER,

Commanding North Atlantic Blockading Squadron:

In view of the possibility of the enemy attempting to come to City Point, or by crossing the Appomattox and Broadway Landing getting to Bermuda Hundred, during the absence of the greater part of the army, I would respectfully request that you direct one or two gun-boats to lay in the Appomattox near the pontoon bridge and two more in the James River near the mouth of Baker's Creek, the first stream entering the James River below City Point.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MARCH 29, 1865-1.40 p. m.

Captain DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

No changes on this portion of the line. The following was just received from Sergeant Carothers:

At 11.30 a. m. two pieces of artillery were observed through opening in the timber one mile south-southwest from large fort. Eight working parties improving works at different points.

L. A. DILLINGHAM,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps., U. S. Corps.)

