
MARC 29, 1865 - 8.15 A. M.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

My column is just passing the junction of the stage road with the Vaughan road. No sign of enemy. I have an old negro who has been hiding around in the woods near Crawford Church. He says he saw a man from Dinwiddie Court-House yesterday, and there were no troops there. I cannot rely much upon what he says. I send this up the Vaughan road by Captain Winslow with an escort of ten men.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 29, 1865 - 8.45 a. m. (Received 10.20 a. m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Major-General Meade directs you to move up the Quaker road to Gravelly Run crossing. By throwing out parties to your right you will be able to find General Humphreys in direction of J. Slaughter's (the most northerly). He is feeling out in that direction.

ALEX S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 29, 1865 - 10.30 a. m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just received the dispatch by Major Jay. I think my skirmishers are out on the Quaker road as far as Gravelly Run. They has been ordered there, and I'll see that it is done. My command will be posted as follows: One brigade, with the trains, at the junction of Vaughan road and stage road; two brigades at the crossing of the Quaker and Vaughan roads; a brigade up the Quaker road; one upon the road leading to R. Boisseau's; Griffin's division near Chapel [Chappell], Scott, and Hargrave. Skirmish lines will be pout well out, and as soon as things are in hand I will push a force out to R. Boisseau's on the plank road. Barringer's brigade, and perhaps a division of cavalry, passed down Quaker road to Stony Creek yesterday. No enemy met; a few scouts seen.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Vaughan Road, March 29, 1865 - 10.30 a. m.

[General WARREN:]

GENERAL: General Crawford has just this point. General Humphreys' skirmishers are extended nearly to the stage road and are now passing Hardgrave's house.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

