HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 29, 1865 - 11.20 a. m

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

From your last dispatch the major-general commanding would infer that you did not understand his last order by major Jay. Your dispositions to cover your left and rear are approved, but this must not prevent your moving your corps up the Quaker road across Gravelly Run, and then taking position, facing north with your right connecting with General Humphreys. This done, you can make dispositions to cover your left, and you will cover and hold the plank road, of possible, with your corps.

LEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 29, 1865 - 12 m.

General WEBB:

I did not understand till Captain Emory came that I was to move my corps up the Quaker road. My dispositions were preliminary to feeling out from my assigned position here. I have sent my escort out toward R. Boisseau's and they have not yet returned. General Griffin's division is now moving up the Quaker road, as directed, and I will send Crawford after him and dispose of the troops according to developments and as directed in the dispatch just received.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 29, 1865 4 p. m.

General WEBB:

General Griffin struck the enemy in some force about one mile from where we left you, and his men became pretty warmly engaged. I am deploying Crawford on his left. It is our artillery that is firing. I shall bring up Ayres, if necessary, as the enemy's infantry keep extending to our left toward Gravelly Run.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,[March 29, 1865] - 4.45 p. m.

General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

General Griffin met on the march both Johnson's and Anderson's divisions and drove them back, capturing about 100 prisoners. I am getting Crawford into position and also artillery, bringing up two brigades of Ayres, and am ready to go forward as soon as I can get

