
MARCH 17, 1865-5.30 p. m.

Colonel ALBRIGHT,

Fairfax Station:

COLONEL: Keep your command on the alert to-night; look out for rebel cavalry and knock the devil out of them if they come.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,Camp Sheridan, Va., March 17, 1865-1.24 p. m.

Brevet Major-General EMORY, or

Brevet Brigadier-General MORGAN, Va.:

The following telegram just received from General Davis. Have ordered him to send written report by first train:

SUMMIT POINT, March 17, 1865.

The regiment ordered on reconnaissance has just returned. Visited Myestown, Kabletown, and fords. Report no enemy to be found anywhere. The force reported to have crossed the river on the 13th instant passed through Myerstown, and numbered 200. Small squad of fifteen passed through Berryville early yesterday morning and went toward the river. Will forward written report to-morrow if required.

E. P. DAVIS.

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPERS' FERRY, March 17, 1865.

General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

I have received information I think reliable that Mosby with most of his command is in Loundon County conscripting white men and negroes; that the purposes making a raid across Shenandoah as soon as the river will admit of crossing, and to make it effective will use the major part of his men, about 600. It was his purpose to have crossed this week; of course the present high water will prevent the crossing at present. The Potomac is very full and still resting rapidly. The indications are that we shall lose the Potomac bridge trestle. We are using all efforts to preserve it, but I doubt our ability to do so, as all the feeders above this point are reported to be still rising, and the trestle is already in great danger. The bridges at Sleepy Creek and Great Cacapon west of this are so much injured as to stop the use of the road.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION.

March 17, 1865.

General J. D. STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

Is the bridge over the Shenandoah all right? If so the general desires you to send up and order the Londoun County Rangers down

