HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,March 29, 1865 - 3 p. m.

Captain C. L. DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer:

Column of infantry passing west between South Side Railroad and the river: twenty-eight minutes passing point west 10 from station, followed by twenty-one wagons and seven ambulances; did not see the head of column. Also column of cavalry moving west on Cox road; twelve colors seen twenty-four minutes passing point due north from station; not well closed up. No changes in lines in our immediate front. Will report again in a few minutes.

L. A. DILLINGHAM,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 29, 1865 - 7.40 p. m.

Captain C. L. DAVIS,

Chief Officer, Army of the Potomac:

Your dispatch received. Until 10 a. m. the atmosphere was unfavorable for observation. All quiet was reported along the line until afternoon. 2.10 p. m. Walthall station reported large body of cavalry and a wagon train passing toward our left on road rear of Whitehead's factory; thirty minutes passing a given point. Train consisted of sixty wagons and ten ambulances. This report was sustained by Sergeants Judson, Carothers, and Jordan in almost precisely the same words. Again at 3.30 Walthall station reported nine regiments of infantry, amounting to about 2,800, passing to our left, on road north 85 degrees west from that point, distant five miles. Of this same column Sergeant Judson says:

Column of infantry passing to our left of Pocahontas road, marching command time and well closed up, twenty-five minutes passing a point.

Lieutenant Dilligham's report of both infantry and cavalry was a repetition of the above. No unusual activity in our front, and remarkable quiet has prevailed all day.

J. C. PAINE,

Brevet Major.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 29, 1865.

The PRESIDENT,

City Point:

Owing to smoke and haze no observations were made beyond the enemy's picket-line until 10 a. m.; then small working parties were engaged at several points. No unusual activity observed among their troops, nor indications of a movement on our immediate front. Between 2 and 5 p. m. about 3,000 infantry and a brigade of cavalry passed our front from toward Swift Creek, going out on Cox's road toward the left. General Wright reports that -

The enemy show more activity and stronger working parties in my front than heretofore; otherwise there is no movement of any kind discoverable by the pickets or from the signal tower. Your dispatch in reference to a movement of troops in your front just received, and have directed a good lookout to be kept in consequence to defect any movement.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

