
through one of the most trying hazards of battle and acquitted yourselves as veterans only could. You center was assaulted by overwhelming os and pierced. Battery Numbers 10 and Fort Stedman were captured. From these works, standing on a commanding hill, the enemy pushed his victorious troops on your flanks and rear. On the right his advance toward Battery Numbers 9 was checked promptly at the foot of the hill by the brave troops of the Second Brigade and some 400 prisoners [taken]. On the left the enemy made a vigorous assault on Fort Haskell, but were as handsomely repulsed by the rallied troops of the Third Brigade, whose ranks had been crushed but whose spirit was unbroken by so alarming a disaster. When the lines of the Third Division advanced toward Fort Stedman your skirmishers mingled with the foremost of that gallant division, and at the first sign of the enemy's retreat you pushed forward along the trenches on the right and left, captured the occupants of your works, gained the rear of the enemy who had advanced from your lines, cut off their retreat and assisted in the capture of the main body. To some of your number, officers and men of the Third Maryland and One hundredth Pennsylvania, seems to be justly due the praise of being the first to re-enter the captured fort. The flag of the One hundredth Pennsylvania was the first planted on the ramps. You count among your trophies, seven rebel flags, together with one of ours recaptured and fully 1,000 prisoners, while we have lost neither guns nor colors and only one-fifth as many prisoners as they. As you have been congratulated on your gallantry by the corps commanders, it would be superfluous in your division commander to add a word of praise beyond that contained in the statement of this signal repulse of the enemy and its brilliant results. He can only add his grateful thanks for the past and renewed confidence in you for the future.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,

March 29, 1865.

The troops of this command will stand to arms this p. m., with their accouterments, at 4 o'clock, and remain so until after dark. Unless orders are given to the contrary, the same instruction embodied in circular of last night in regard to trench guard and general vigilance will be strictly carried out.

By command of Bvt. Major gen. O. B. WIllcox:

WM. V. RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] ARTY. HDQRS., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

In Fort of Petersburg, Va., March 29, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. TIDBALL,

Commanding Artillery Brigade, Ninth Corps:

GENERAL: The corps that move - Second, Fifth, and Sixth - take but five four-gun batteries. The others will report to you to be governed by the order formerly issued, viz, keep such as you want and send the rest to City Point. I understand that the Second Corps will keep six

