
of its batteries. You will take command of all the artillery left in the lines. If General Abbot ranks you, you will retain the command of the field artillery, leaving the siege artillery to him. Of course General Parke will give Abbot such orders as he may consider necessary. All the ammunition trains of the corps artillery, Second, Fifth, and Sixth, should be sent to city Pint lines, and be held ready to come up to the corps, should we need them, with the forage wagons. The supplies ordered, forage and rations, should be kept up for the trains and batteries so that they can move without delay. They should, therefore draw on return for surrent use.

By command of Brevet Major-General Hunt:

JNO. N. CRAIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GRAVELLY CREEK, March 29, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

Our line is now unbroken from the Appomatoc to Dinwiddie. We are all ready, however, to give up all from the Jerusalem plank road to Hatcher's Run whenever the force can be used advantageously. After getting into line south of Hatcher's we pushed forward to find the enemy's position. General Griffin was attacked near where the Qoaker road intersects the Boydton road, but repulsed it easily, capturing about 100 men. Humphreys reached Dabney's Mill and was pushing on when last heard from. I now feel like ending the matter if it is possible to do so before going back. I do not want you, therefore, to cut loose and go after the enemy's roads at present. In the morning push round the enemy if you can and get onto his right rear. The movements of the enemy's cavalry may, of course, modify your action. We will act altogether as one army here it is seen what can be done with the enemy. The signal officer at Cobb's Hill reported at 11.30 a. m. a cavalry column had passed that point from Richmond toward Petersburg, taking forty minutes to pass.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 29, 1865 - 9.10 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: The corps is now in position near the Boydton plank road from near Gravelly Run to where it is joined by the Quaker road. The Second Corps connects with us on the right. In our advance to-day General Griffin's division was met by Bushord Johnson's and Anderson's divisions, which he drove back with severe loss.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY,

Dinwiddie Court-House, Va., March 29, 1865.

Brevet Major-General Merritt will move his command to Dinwiddie Court-House at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning, when he will receive special

