
MARCH 29, 1865 - 10.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General DEVENS,

Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

The enemy are attacking the Ninth Corps; heavy battle going on; rockets are visible on our left. Be on the alert for an attack.

G. F. SHEPLEY,

Chief of Staff.

MARCH 29, 1865.

[General BENHAM:]

It appears that the enemy opened upon the Ninth Corps front with musketry and mortars. The heaviest firing is at or near Fort Stedman. I have no particulars. Will send you any news I may get. All quiet north of the James.

Respectfully,

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ENGINEER Brigadier AND DEFENSES CITY POINT,March 29, 1865 - 9.30 a. m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

General Collis has just informed me that you have directed him to have the positions in advance of my lines of defense picketed by his cavalry. If I am, as I understand, the commander and held responsible for these lines of defense would you not wish all troops pr pickets in front of these lines to be placed there under my orders?

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 29, 1865.

Brigadier-General BENHAM:

I have no desire nor intention to interfere with the with the duties of picketing the ground in advance of your line. What I wished to do was to have the approaches from the rear to our lines of communication between the left of your line and the blackwater carefully watched, picketed, and scouted by cavalry. No receiving any report from you, and Brevet Brigadier-General Collis having sent me a field return containing a regiment of cavalry, I directed him to thus make use of his cavalry. I should be most happy to have you take charge of this picketing.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HDQRS. ENGINEER Brigadier AND DEFENSES CITY POINT,March 29, 1865 - 11 a. m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

I have the honor to acknowledge your telegram. The order placing you in command of this post and defenses only reached me about fifteen minutes since. I will, as desired, take the charge of all outside

