
as major and assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will remain on duty as assistant provost-marshal, Eighth Army Corps, as announced in General Orders, Numbers 3, current series, these headquarters. He will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Morris, U. S. Army:

SAMUEL B. RAWLENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SAINT ALBANS, VT., March 29, 1865.

(Received 11.45 p. m.)

Honorable W. H. STEWARD,

Secretary of War:

Telegram from our consul in Montreal says raiders discharged; their acts fully sustained. Have arrested them on another warrant.

J. GREGORY SMITH,

Governor of Vermont.

NEW YORK, March 29, 1865.

(Received 11.40 p. m.)

Honorable W. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

Saint Albans raiders discharged. Have instructed Montreal consul to take no more steps in our behalf. If you desire otherwise, please inform me here.

GEO. F. EDMUNDS.

CITY POINT, VA., March 30, 1865 - 7.30 p. m.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

I begin to feel that I ought to be at home, and yet I dislike to leave without seeing nearer to the end of General Grant's present movement. He has now been out since yesterday morning, and although he has not been diverted his programme, no considerable effect has yet been procured, so far as we know here. Last night at 10.15, when it was dark as a rainy without a moon could be, a furious cannonade, soon joined in by a heavy musketry-fire, opened near Petersburg and lasted about two hours. The sound was very distinct here, as also were the flashes of the guns up the clouds. It seemed to me a great battle, but the older hands here scarcely noticed it, and, sure enough, this morning it was found that very little had been done.

A. LINCOLN.

GRAVELLY RUN, March 30, 1865 - 2 p. m.

President A. LINCOLN,

City Point, Va.:

I understand the number of dead left by the enemy yesterday for us to bury was much greater than our own dead. The capture were larger than reported also amounting to about 160. This morning our troops have all been pushed forward, and now occupy a line from what you will see marked on the map as the Crow house across the Boydton

