
roads. There has been some skirmishing all along the lines, resulting in a few casualties on both sides. We have captured and also lost a few men by capture. To-night the enemy seem to be concentrating a force on our left, and I do not think an attack upon us there in the morning improbable. All the orders that I can give to prepare for it have been given.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GRAVELLY RUN, March 30, 1865.

Major-General MEADE:

as Warren and Humphreys advance, thus shorting their line, I think the former had better move by the left flank as far as he can stretch out with safety, and cover the White Oak road if he can. This will enable Sheridan to reach the South Side road by Ford's road, and, it may be, double the enemy up, so as to drive him out of his works south of Hatcher's Run.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865 - 9 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

I forward dispatch received from Major-General Warren.* I have directed him not to advance on the Boudton road, but to develop to the left, securing his flank independently of Sheridan's movements. I also transmit report from provost-marshal's department, showing it was only Bushord Johnson's division in the fight yesterday. Deserters again report Pickett as here or coming. Major-General Parke reports numerous signal-rockets last night and a heavy cannonading on their part from 8 to 10 p. m. Not feeling secure about the trains at the lower crossing of Hatcher's Ruin, I ordered them up to the Vaughan road. The movement commenced about 2 a. m., but the rain has involved delay, making the roads impassable and requiring the engineers to repair them. Whilst writing the foregoing your dispatch per Colonel Dent received. You will perceive your suggestions of extending Warren have bed attended to. The enemy cover the White Oak road, and I understand you to mean Warren to confront them. I forward another dispatch from Warren.+ He seems a little anxious about his position till Humphreys gets up, but I think Humphreys' movements will protect Warren's right flank.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Deserters (six) from Gracie's, Wise's, and Ransom's brigades, of B. Johnson's division, came into Second Corps this a. m.

---------------

* See 5.50 a. m., p. 298.

+ See 8.30 a. m., p. 299.

---------------

