
Left picket-line. Have no reliable information. Think only B. Johnson's division on this side of Hatcher's Run. All of it moved to the right last evening. Heard that Pickett's division was to be here this a. m. Was only two regiments on picket yesterday on enemy's left of line this side of Hatcher's Run. Two more deserters from Wallace just received. They can give no information whatever.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. BABCOCK.

P. S.- One hundred and eight prisoners of war received from the Fifth Corps. They are from all the brigades of B. Johnson's division. No other organization is represented. Nine commissioned officers received not included in above.

GRAVELLY RUN, March 30, 1865. (Received 10.57 a. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

My idea was that we should try to extend our left so as to cross the White Oak road, say at W. Dabney's, or as near up to the enemy as we can. This would seem to cover all the roads up to Ford's road, by which Sheridan might them move* and get onto the South Side road, and possibly double up the enemy and drive him north of Hatcher's Run.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

11.15 (Received 12 m.)

General WARREN:

This dispatch is forwarded to you for your information simply. Your dispatch has been received. The commanding general sees no reason for any change in his previous orders to you. He has no information of General Sheridan's movements, beyond the genera, statement that General S. is to turn the enemy's right.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GRAVELLY CREEK, March 30, 1865.

Major-General MEADE:

General Merrit met the enemy's cavalry at J. Boisseau's and drove him on the right and left roads and pushed on himself, driving the enemy, and now occupies the White Oak road at Five Forks, and also where the right-hand branch intercepts it. Merritt lost fifteen+ men wounded.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Copy to General Humphreys and Warren.)

---------------

* As written by Grant and repeated by Webb it reads "move," but as received by Warren it reads "give."

+ In some copies on file it reads 150 men.

---------------

