
GRAVELLY RUN, March 30, 1865 - 9.50 p. m.

(Received 9.55 p. m.)

General MEADE:

From what General Sheridan reports of the enemy on White oak road and the position of his cavalry to-night I do not think an attack on Warren's left in the morning improbable. I have notified Sheridan of this and directed him to be prepared to push in to his assistance if he is attacked. Warren, I suppose, will put himself in the best possible position to defend himself, with the notice he has already received; but in adding to this I think it will be well to notify him again of the position of Sheridan's cavalry, what he reports the enemy's position on White Oak road, and the orders he has received. If the enemy does attack I think it will be well to instruct Humphreys also to help Warren, of he is attacked, either by sending troops to him or by a direct attack on his own front.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865 - 9.55 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Dispatch of 9.50 received. I sent Warren Sheridan's dispatch; told him to put Ayres on his guard, as he might be attacked at daylight; directed he should move Crawford up at once to his support, if not already there, and move Griffin into supporting distance as soon s relieved. Warren by daylight should have his whole corps in hand ready for the defensive or offensive, and ought to be secure in either contingency, particularly as he can fall back on Humphreys; but I cannot see how the enemy can have a sufficient force to do him any damage. The order to Humphreys will be sent as you suggest. I presume you understand Warren has no orders to advance, but simply strengthen and secure his position. He will not be ordered to advance unless you so direct.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865 - 11.50 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

This is referred to you for you information.* There are so many other movements involved that I have not ordered any attack, but have merely directed that the troops be massed and prepared to attack when ordered.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

GRAVELLY RUN, March 30, 1865.

Major-General MEADE:

I think now it has got to be so late for getting our orders that it will be doubtful whether wright could be fully co-operated with by all parts

---------------

* Probably Wright to Meade, 10.35 p. m., p. 313.

---------------

