HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 18, 1865-8 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Wheaton suffers from piles, and fears he would not be physically able to do cavalry service. You can therefore send for General Crook. Deserters say we occupy Goldsborough.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

MARCH 18, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADLE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

We have a report from an agent who came from Petersburg night before last, to the right of the enemy's line, but on account of the unusual watchfulness of the enemy's pickets, could not be communicated with until lass night. Our agent brings information of the movement heretofore reported of Gordon's division to the trenches in the place of Johnson's division, and of the latter to the position on Burgess' farm. We do not yet clearly understand whether both Gordon and Pegram replace Johnson, or only Gordon's old division. The position on Burgess' farm is said to be just half way between Dinwiddie Court-House and Petersburg, and our friends in Petersburg say that the enemy do not expect an attack from us there, as the works on Burgess' farm are the trongest which the enemy have erected. Word is sent us that troops been sent to a point between Lynchburg and Richmond. Our friend in Petersburg do not say what troops are sent, nor designate the point, but they add that for four days no supplies came over the road on account of the movement of these troops and that supplies generally are very short. Tobacco in Richmond is stored in large warehouses on Washington street packed with kindling wood, and cotton is stored in the same street, prepared in the same manner. The machinery has been removed from the four cotton mills on the Appomattox above Petersburg. William H. Lee's cavalry has been moved from Stony Creek to Dinwiddie Court-House, and his division pickets the whole line from Stony Creek to the Boydton plank road. The line is very thin. The position along White Oak road is said to be strong and strongly held. General Lee was in Petersburg on Wednesday.

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

P. S.-From the left of the enemy-s line we learn that day before yesterday wounded men were brought into Richmond, said to be from Pickett[s division, which had been fighting with Sheridan. It was reported that Sheridan lost two general officers and captured 700 of Pickett's men. The Local Defense troops, which had been moved down in New Kent County, all returned to Richmond day before yesterday.

MARCH 18, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

* * * *

All three divisions of Gordon's corps have been heard from in Bushroad Jonson' s old position, and if any of Gordon's brigades are absent they must have been taken from each of his divisions.

JNO. C. BABCOCK.

