HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865 - 12.20 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

As soon as you can get in position connecting well with Warren's left the general commanding desires you to intrench, so that your line can be held with a diminished force. Report then and state what can be spared from your corps.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865 - 1.15 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

A dispatch has been sent to you directing you to move up as close as possible to the enemy, holding from the Boydton plank road to Hatcher's Run. You are then to intrench and to report what force will be able to hold the line.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865 - 1.30 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Colonel William, of my staff, has been within 300 yards of the redoubt north of the Crow house, and reports it to be on this side of Hatcher's Run. All other information confirms this statement. The timber is slashed in front of the redoubt. From all the information received I judge that the redoubt is a part of a line of works on this side of Hatcher's Run. The inhabitants of Crow's house corroborate this.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865 - 4 p. m.

Major-General WEBB:

The line of the Second Corps extends from Hatcher's Run, at a point 400 yards east of Crow's house, to the Boydton plank road at the intersection of the Dabney's Mill road. At both flanks the enemy's redoubts, about 800 yards distant, fire at us from time to time, as does an intermediate battery or redoubt at greater distance. On both flanks our skirmishers have pressed the enemy's skirmishers in so far that in advancing a flank fire of artillery and infantry is opened upon them. My line, which is already tolerably entrenched, can be held strongly with Mott's and Hays' divisions. This would leave Miles' division available for other work, supposing out left flank protected. I have supposed, in making this statement, that Turner's division was removed, and that some of Hays' would be required to cover his right flank along a line of breast-works running from Hatcher's Run past Dabney's Mill

