
to re-enforce Ayres at S. Dabney's by Crawford, as Ayres may be attacked early to-morrow morning. In case Warren is heavily attacked it may necessary for you to support him by an attack in your front. The commanding general desires this contingency held in view, and requests you to act without specific orders and to the best of your judgment, either attacking or sending re-enforcement to Warren. His own opinion is in favor of the former, but he is not able to judge except on general principles.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MARCH 30, 1865 - 6 A. M.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I do not think it best to advance any further till General Miles gets up in position on my right, which, as the woods are difficult, will take some time. A broad, open field is in my front, with the enemy in force last night on the opposite side. Will you let me know as soon as your line is established as near the enemy's line as may be without assaulting it.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865 - 8 a. m. (Received 8.45 a. m.)

Major-General WARREN:

Your dispatch of 6 a. m. is just received. My Third and Second Divisions are moving, but through a dense and most impenetrable swamp, and their progress is necessarily slow. General Miles has orders to keep moving, keeping his connection with you. I have just repeated these orders to him.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: My line of battle now extends in a straight line past the Crow house to your right. I have ordered the skirmishers of the Second Division on the right, and those of the right of Miles' division to be advanced and get to Hatcher's Run if they can. Please let me know if you are going to advance your skirmish line or line of battle that I may have my movements conform to yours. The enemy's main line of works on the other side of Hatcher's Run are in view at the Crow house, being 600 or 800 yards distant there.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

