HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865 - 11.20 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: My position on the plank road at the junction of the Quaker road cannot be advanced any further, the enemy being reported strongly entrenched. They may be a little portion of my extreme right retired last night for want of connection, which can be thrown out if your line can be advanced. Any straightening out on than part of the line that General Miles thinks practicable shall be done. I am about sending out a division from the plank road north-northwest from Mrs. Biater's [Butler's?] to reconnoiter and drive back the enemy, and shall follow up any engagement that may take place outside of the enemy's line of works with nearly all the corps. Your line must now be very much shorter than it was when first taken up yesterday. Telegraph line is at my headquarters.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865. (Received 12.10 a. m. 31st.)

Major-General WARREN:

GENERAL: I am directed to relieve General Griffin with Miles' division, and take up the line now held by Griffin and take up the relieve [return] on Boydton plank road. I am to send a brigade from Mott's division to support the left of the line after Griffin leaves. I have given the necessary orders to carry this out as soon as possible. Can you send me some description of the position held by Griffin indicated in the instructions I have received as above stated?

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

The left of the picket-line rests near a large branch of Gravelly Run. General Griffin's division occupies a line of works from the left of our line, on the Boydton plank road, one-fourth of a mile west, then refused to the rear until it again strikes the plank road near the junction of the Quaker road; from there south on the plank road a few hundred yards.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865 - 3.35 p. m.

Brevet Captain HOWELL, U. S. Engineers,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Two hundred men, officered, have started to report to you at our headquarters of last night. I gave the officer in command an order to anyone there to furnish axes. There are none up here which can be spared. Please apply to anyone there for the axes.

C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* Picture.

---------------

