HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865 - 10.15 p. m.

Brevet Major-General MOTT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: General Miles is about to move forward his right about one-half his line. General Humphreys directs tat you move your left about half of it, the object to straighten the line, making as straight a line as possible from the rainey house, keeping connection with General Miles.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865 - 5.50 a. m. (Received 7.07 a. m.)

Major-General WEBB:

I have my command all in readiness, but my advance is so far ahead of General Humphreys and in sight of the enemy across the open ground that I do not think it advisable to attempt anything more northward till General Humphreys gets into position on my right. My left, on the plank road, cannot be extended with propriety till I can get some idea of General Sheridan's movements, and now rests on Gravelly Run, and, if I move, it will be in the air. I believe I am now in the best position I can be, unless and assault is intended upon the enemy's lines near the Quaker road. I cannot move forward, and it does not appear a favorable place in front of Griffin.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865 - 7.30 a. m. (Received 8.30 a. m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Your dispatch is received. General Meade does not think you hold as much of the front line as the strength of your command would warrant. He desires to have you make use of both Crawford and Ayres to develop to the left. He cannot give you any more definite information of General Sheridan's movements than to state he is ordered to attack or turn the enemy's right. You must act independently of Sheridan, and, protecting your flanks, extend to your left as far as possible. If the enemy comes out and turns your left you must attack him. You will be supported with all the available force to be procured.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 30, 1865 - 8.10 a. m. (Received 8.30 a. m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Major-General Meade, in consequence of the condition of the road, has ordered the Fifth Corps train to move up to the intersection of the

