
is at present making a temporary line near the plank road on which we can reform in case of a reserve after advancing. i will then extend my left as far practicable.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865 - 9.30 a. m. (Received 9.55 a. m.)

General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

General Meade directs that you send Colonel Walsh to his position at the junction of the old stage and Quaker roads, and direct him to report from that point to General Macy, provost-marshal-general. He is very anxious to have you cover as much of the front line as possible consistent with the safety of your command, and his idea was that you would put both Griffin and Crawford in front, keeping a portion of each as a reserve, and keeping Ayres to cover your left flank.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865 - 9.50 a. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Captain Gillespie has just come from General Sheridan's headquarters at Dinwiddie Court-House, on his way to General Grant. He came up the Boydton plank road. When he lait Dinwiddie Court-House one division of the cavalry was to move out on the road due north of Dinwiddie and mass at J. Boisseau's, then feel out toward the White oak road. General Sheridan remains at Dinwiddie with one other division and the other division is upon Stony Creek where the Vaughan road crosses. I shall soon send out General Ayres' division on a reconnaissance from Mrs. Butler's northwesterly toward S. Dabney's. He will be in position to develop the enemy's line and where I can support him with General Crawford, and where he can co-operate with General Sheridan if he comes within reach.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865 - 10.15 a. m.

General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My idea of the way I should extend my line I have indicated in my dispatch of 9.50. Having my troops all well in hand I can move out Ayres in column to-day as I did Griffin yesterday, and if he meets the enemy give him battle. I can support him if needed

