HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,[March 30, 1865]-12 m.

General WEBB:

I have received your dispatch* inclosing one from General Grant, in which you say the commanding general sees no reason to change his previous orders. Your instructions have never said definitely how far I was expected to extend nor the object desired. General Grant's is definite to both points, and if I am to attempt that myself at all hazards I don't shrink from it. General Humphreys can perhaps extend farther to the left if required. Common experience requires that I should extend my left toward the White Oak road with strong force and precaution against an attack from the enemy. I am very glad to know the object and extent of my farther movement to the left. I have see General Sheridan. He has ordered a division to move north to the White Oak road, which greatly simplifies my movement.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865-12.40 p. m.

General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have just received notice from General Humphreys that deserters inform him that Heth's and Wilcox's division left Petersburg this morning and are now in their lines this side of Hatcher's Run.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

P. S.- Prisoners just capture (four of them), in front of First Division picket-line, report that they understood that two of the divisions that came down were Heth's and Pickett's.

G. K. W.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865-12.45 p. m. (Received 1.20 p. m.)

General WARREN:

Copy furnished for your information:

GENERAL: The general+ just in from General Merritt with dispatches from Sheridan. Merritt says that the reconnaissance sent out from near Boisseau's encountered the enemy in considerable force. They went to about two miles of the Five Forks and found the enemy occupying the road. Those going north proceeded to about a mile of the White Oak road, and found the road also occupied by the enemy. Nearly all the forces met were cavalry. All the roads leading toward the White Oak road are covered by the enemy. No engagement reported.

E. S. PARKER.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See Webb to Warren, 11.15 a. m., forwarding dispatch from Grant to Meade, p. 283.

+As received by Warren. As originally written by Parker it reads "A messenger."

---------------

