HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865-12.55 p. m. (Sent 1.05 p. m.)

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

In view of the information received from the cavalry and of the state of the weather General Meade directs me to state that you are not to shorten any line you may have developed, but you will push that well up to the enemy, and, having entrenched, you will await orders. Your dispatch of 12.50 [12.40?] is received.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865-2.30 p. m. (Received 3.50 p. m.)

General WEBB:

GENERAL: I have advanced my line of battle to cover the junction of the Dabney Mill road with the plank road, and made a heavy advance with my skirmishers. The enemy opened with artillery from a fort near Burgess's Tavern, and also from a point near T. Pentecoast's. General Ayres' advance is near S. Dabney's, meeting that far with no opposition. From his advanced point he was infantry moving west on the White Oak road. As soon as our attack began near the plank road there was a movement of their troops back toward Burgess' Mill. The reports about their late movements are a little uncertain. I have received the report of General Merritt's operations. His skirmishing could be heard due west from J. Stround's.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

Delayed by line working badly.

OPERATOR.

[Indorsement.]

Respectfully forwarded for information of lieutenant-general commanding.

Please return, having no copy.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

MARCH 30, 1865-3.15 p. m.

General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We have captured one officer of Pickett's division near S. Dabney's. He was in charge of a guard to the train that was passing west. I was mistaken about Griffin's firing causing these troops to return; they have all gone on. Cannot General Humphreys extend a little more to the left, and let me have Griffin's division to move out with, as well as Ayres and Crawford? I am already advanced as far as I think it would be prudent to take up a continuous line. The cavalry skirmishing is now heard southwest from S. Dabney's.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

