HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865-9.45 p. m. (Received 11 p. m.)

Major-General WARREN:

The accompanying dispatch from Major-General Sheridan is sent to you for your information.* In consequence of the state of affairs here reported it will be necessary that General Ayres should be put on his guard and that he should be re-enforced without delay, as the enemy may attack him at daylight. As Major-General Humphreys will hold the right and relieve General Griffin it is presumed Crawford can be sent to Ayres' support, if not there now. Acknowledge receipt.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 30, 1865-10.35 p. m. (Received 12.10 a. m. 31st.)

Major-General WARREN:

General Grifin will be relieved as soon as possible. General Humphreys will be instructed to report to you when the division starts.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865-11 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch referring to General Ayres being re-enforced, and dispatch of General Sheridan's, received. General Griffin reports that he has been unable to form any definite opinion as to the practicability of making an assault.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

March 30, 1865-11 p. m.

General Ayres will re-enforce his advance at daylight to-morrow morning with this whole division. General Crawford will hold his command ready to follow General Ayres. General Griffin, as soon as relieved by General Humphreys' troops, will move down the Boydton plank road to where General Ayres now is.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Sheridan to Grant, 7 p. m. March 30, p. 324. As received by Warren the dispatch reads-"Pickett's division is developed along the White Oak road, its right at Five Forks, and extends toward Petersburg. After the small force at Five Forks was driven back no attempt was made to follow up, and the enemy did not appear to be in strong force there. Hickett's division is on the White Oak road, his right extending as far as Five Forks. Pioneers report the enemy's cavalry concentrated at Five Forks. I have, however, no positive information of this. General Merritt pickets nearly up to the White Oak, and is encamped at J. Bisseau's house."

---------------

