
works. My skirmish line was unable to press forward as they encountered a skirmish line of the enemy of superior numbers, and to-morrow things may be changed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 36. March 30, 1865.

The general commanding congratulates the troops of his division, and especially those of the First Brigade, upon the gallantry displayed by them in the attack upon the enemy yesterday, and the firmness with which they met and repulsed a counter attack made by largely superior numbers. The Third Brigade is entitled to great praise for their alacrity in forming and advancing under a most severe fire. Their concut on the occasion has added greatly to their long established reputation. The behavior of the entire division was such as to elicit the written commendation of the major-general commanding the army.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

WM. FOWLER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS FIRST BRIGADE, ORDERS, FIRST DIVISION, FIRST ARMY CORPS, Numbers 2. Camp in the Field, near Boydton Plank road, March 30, 1865.

The general commanding congratulates the troops of this brigade on their admirable conduct in the engagement of yesterday, the steadiness of their advance, the gallantry of their attack, the courage with which they withstood the repeated assaults of a largely superior force of the enemy for nearly two hours without support, undismayed by the heavy cross-fire of the enemy or their own severe losses; the good order which they maintained when compelled to yield ground only by the exhaustion of their ammunition; the handsome manner which they then formed to cover the artillery, having given a character to this brigade of which their general is proud.

By command of Brigadier-General Chamberlain:

THOMAS MITCHELL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, FIRST DIVISION, FIRTH CORPS,

March 30, 1865-6.30 a. m. (Received by Warren 7.30 a. m.)

[General GRIFFIN:]

GENERAL: Since the fog has lifted a little I find the right of my skirmish line within 150 yards of a complete line of rifle-pits now held in, as far as developed, the usual force for such a line. I have made a demonstration with my skirmish line, which is in the open field, and

