
am satisfied that the position will be hotly contested. No connection has yet been made with me on my right or left, either by line of battle or skirmish line.

Respectfully,

J. J. BARTLETT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Brigade.

Since the above was written it has been reported that the Second Corps connects.

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865-8 a. m.

General WEBB:

I send the above for your information. General Crawford is in force, and there is a swamp on Griffin's left.

We have a corporal from Johnson's division, captured this morning on the skirmish line. From the shape of the enemy's line I think there must be a considerable salient or bend near Dabney's Mill.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865-10.14 a. m.

General AYRES:

General Meade directs me to post all that cavalry at the junction of the Vauhan and Quaker roads where it was, so if any have come up to join you, as I directed, send it back again. Instruct the commanding officer to remain in position there, and report to General Macy, under whose orders he will consider himself again to be.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Major-General AYRES:

GENERAL: I wish you would take your division (with a battery of artillery, if you think it practicable) and move out on a reconnaissance northwest from Mrs. Butler's, or as near that direction as may be practicable, keeping with your own men a connection with our present picket-line, which must remain as it is. Major Cope, of my staff, will accompany you. If within a mile beyond the plank road you find any enemy drive him back, but do not advance your main force farther than that, unless to pursue some obvious advantage gained, till you report to me the result. With your main body thus in good position, protecting your own flanks, advance your skirmishers out as far as prudent to reconnoiter and develop the character of the country and the enemy's position. A portion of my escort will accompany you. General Merritt's cavalry division is massed at J. Boisseau's and are

