HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that last night about 10.30 o'clock the enemy threw up signal-rockets and opened a heavy fire along my whole front. The artillery fire in front of the First Brigade was concentrated on fort Morton, that in front of the Third Brigade on Fort Stedman, while the chesterfield and Goose-neck batteries enfiladed the Second Brigade. At the same time the enemy poured on us with infantry from his main works. They also advanced a line as far as the skirmish pits on front of the left of the Third Brigade, near the Norfolk railroad bridge. The pickets fought them their best, but were temporarily driven in at this point. The enemy's farther advance was checked by the fire from our main works. At 11 the enemy's artillery ceased for a few minutes, and I apprehended an assault, but our fire kept up vigorously, both artillery and musketry, no part of the line being driven out or silenced by this the heaviest fire of all arms combined I have ever known from the enemy on this line. Great credit is due the troops for their steadiness. The casualties are 51; viz, 9 killed, 40 wounded, 2 missing. Among the killed is the major of the Eighteenth New Hampshire, and among the wounded is the lieutenant-colonel, J. M. Clough, of the same regiment. The attack was kept up till 12.30 a. m., when it fell off into desultory musketry, and so continued till morning.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865-2 a. m.

Bvt. Major General R. B. POTTER:

General Willcox has just telegraphed me that the attack may be considered as fairly repulsed. He has ordered Robinson to re-establish his picket-line.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865.

Bvt. Major General R. B. POTTER:

Will you please meet me at General Hartranft's headquarters at 2.30.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

(Same to General O. B. Willcox.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,Humphreys' Station, March 30, 1865-10.15 a. m.

General U. S. GRANT:

I placed old soldiers on picket last night. One of them is reported this a. m. as having deserted. No changes discoverable since the

