
movement reported yesterday afternoon from General Wright's front of a division of infantry and some cavalry along enemy's line toward their right. Six deserters in last night; left the lines on 29th; no changes then.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

GRAVELLY RUN, March 30, 1865.

Major-General ORD:

General Turner is now near the Crow house, and is relieved and directed to join you. He will probably be able to cross Hatcher's run at Armstrong's Mill. If so, it will enable you to push your line up.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Indorsement.]

MARCH 30, 1865-1.45 p. m.

General TURNER,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The within is sent for your information and quidance. Let me know whether you are able to pass Hetcher's Run at Armstrong's Mill. Foster's left will advance at once and connect with you if you cross.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

HUMPHREYS' STATION, March 30, 1865-1 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Gravely Run:

Your dispatch informing me of General Humphreys' move to Crow house is just received. It is the first notice I have had of any move not in my command. I have ordered a brigade to swing round from my left and try to get up as far as Armstrong's, the picket-line moving forward to cover it and feel enemy. I should like to know more definitely what force is on my left, and if the Crow house is the one laid down on the map at one-quarter of a mile from Hatcher's Run, about one mile and a half up the run from my left. The brigade will not get forward for some time, as the ground is marshy, wooded, and unknown, and will have to be reconnoitered.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

GRAVELLY RUN, March 30, 1865-1.20 p. m.

Major-General ORD:

Send an officer to Turner to see if he cannot cross Hatcher's Run at the Crow house, and if so let him cross there and push out an establish yourself as high up the run as you can and intrench. You can start your new line from such point of your present line as you deem best.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

