HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,March 18, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, City Point:

The following dispatch is received from Colonel West, commanding Cavalry Division:

The disposition ordered by the general commanding has been complied with. All is quiet. But few of the enemy have been seen. We had a very tedious time crossing the swamp. I have felt compelled to hold fast to Charles City Cross-Roads. Spear is there with his command covering, communication. Without him there we should be entirely cut off, as the enemy's parties dismounted are annoying him considerably. He reports having lost thirteen men. Nothing of General Sheridan. We have a party on the north bank of the Chicakahominy at Bottom's bridge.

R. M. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding.

E. C. O. ORD,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 18, 1865-7.45 p. m.

Major-General ORD:

General Sheridan reached White House to-day. He will remain there several days to shoe up his animals and then join the armies here. I want you to hold the crossing of the Chickahominy, but do not want to jeopardize the command there. It probably will be well for you to send a division of troops to meet Sheridan. They need not start, however, until about the time Sheridan starts, notice of which I will give you. If you deem a little infantry necessary for the support of your cavalry you may send it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, March 18, 1865-8.40 p. m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

A deserter reports that on the occasion of our review yesterday the enemy anticipated an attack and formed in line of battle. Afterward they sent two brigades toward Mechanicsville to resist Sheridan's cavalry. I think the deserter mistakes, and the brigades were sent out because of the movement of my cavalry.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,March 18, 186509 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

To keep the cavalry and infantry between Bottom's and White Oak Bridges exposes them to easy attack, while they are cut off from me by White Oak Swamp. Would it not be better t have Sheridan cross

