HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865-2.20 p. m.

Major-General ORD:

Yours of 2 [o'clock] just received. I have just received orders, in conjunction with General Wright, from Major-General Meade to make preliminary arrangements for an attack at early daylight to-morrow morning. These arrangements I am now about preparing. Under these orders from General Meade and with the reports made me I do not see how I can advance at present. I will forward your dispatch to General Wright with this reply.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865-5.15 a. m.

Major-General GIBBON,

Commanding Twenty-fourth Corps:

A division of Ord's army is to support my right, and a staff officer was to report to me at 5 a. m. to learn where the division should be posted. He is not here. My headquarters are on the Vaughan road about one-quarter of a mile from Gravelly Run. I suppose the division comes from your corps. It should first be posted, with its left at Dabney's Mill, where my right is, and its right near Hatcher's Run, at or above Armstrong's Mill. It should advance with my line at 6 o'clock to J. Crow's, where my right will be. The division should extend to Hatcher's Run and down that stream, having the right refused and strongly supported. The general direction of its line of battle should be about east and west. Hays' division, on my right, and the division of your corps should mutually support each other. My line is intended to extend from J. Crow's across to the Boydton road, about the site of Arnold's Mill.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

TELEGRAPH OPERATOR:

Please let me have a copy of this as soon as it is sent.

A. A. H.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,March 30, 1865.

Major JOHN COOLEY,

Commanding Sharpshooters:

MAJOR: The commanding general directs that you remain in your present position during the night, but start at an nearly hour to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

