
service to and used by you, I would prefer no drawing the horses, as there is no convenient place here to keep them. Please inform me at your earliest convenience.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. DARLING,

Major Seventh Michigan Cavalry, Commanding.

I will draw twenty-five horses, and mount the men immediately, to supply the detail called for by you this morning, and more if they can be used. Colonel Anderson is unable to assume the command of the corps, owing to sickness, and I, being senior officer, still have command of the camp.

PORTSMOUTH, March 30, 1865.

Colonel LEWIS,

Third New York Cavalry, Suffolk, Va.:

Pursuant to instructions from district headquarters, you will make immediate preparations to march with your available force at daylight on Saturday, the 1st of April, for an absence of ten days. Written orders will be sent. During your absence Suffolk will be held by your dismounted men.

By order of Brigadier-General Graham:

R. DALE BENSON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

HARPER'S FERRY, March 30, 1865.

General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

I would respectfully state, for the information of the general commanding, that the Shenandoah between Keyes' Ford and Evett's Creek is a series of fords, and will require not less than 600 men (infantry) to picket it securely. To furnish this force I shall be without adequate force to do the absolutely necessary duty of the post.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 30, 1865.

General J. D. STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

You will be required to picket the river to Cat-tail Run, where General Brooke will meet you. The general desires you to send him by next train an official copy of this telegram for his guidance. The principal crossing places are to be picketed with vigilance and frequent patrols between the main posts. With these general directions General Brooke will establish such a system of guards at the river as he may see proper, reporting his arrangement to these headquarters. Colonel Bird will picket the main fords as low down as the next practicable ford above Rock Ford, and patrol between his picket-posts.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

