
lower down, say at Jones' Bridge? Feeding and foraging a party across White Oak Swamp at Bottom's Bridge will cost me some loss, and the road is reported very bad.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 18, 1865-10 p. m.

Major General E. O. C. ORD:

Probably it will be better to bring your cavalry in, and when Sheridan moves we will send out again. I feel some alarm for the safety of the cavalry where it is.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

MARCH 18, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General SHARPE,

City Point:

Deserters from Bermuda front report all quiet. There were some movements along our front yesterday. The enemy are expecting an attack, and deserters report that a squad of our cavalry made a dash upon their extreme left and rear. Nothing from Sherman.

FRED. L. MANNING,

Provost-Marshal-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH CORPS,March 18, 1865. (Received 2.45 p. m.)

Major-General ORD,

Commanding:

A deserter has just come in who says, that our review yesterday caused the enemy to anticipate an attack, and they formed in line of battle. Shortly afterward a report of the presence of some of Sheridan's cavalry, near Mechanicsville, was received, and two brigades were sent off in that direction from the left of their line, and the other troops stretched out to fill the vacancy. Our cavalry got inside their lines, but retired when pressed and went pressed and went down the Chickahominy. A party of deserters are coming in to-night.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 32. Before Richmond, Va., March 18, 1865.

By authority of the major-general commanding the Army of the James, the "heart" is adopted as the badge of the Twenty-fourth Army Corps.

The symbol selected is one which testifies our affectionate regard for all our brave comrades-alike the living and the dead-who have braved the perils of this mighty conflict, and our devotion to the sacred cause-a cause which entitles us to the sympathy of every brave and true and the support of every strong and determined hand.

3 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

