HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 30, 1865.

General STEVENSON:

Please send by telegraph a description of the fords between Harper's Ferry and Evett's Creek.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, March 30, 1865.

General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

I can give you no accurate information of the fords. During the past summer I had the Shenandoah picketed at Keyes' Ford and Kabletown. My officers reported to me frequently that cavalry could and did cross the river at various points in between the main fords; that the river could be crossed by parties knowing the river at a dozen different points between this post and Kabletown. The only fords that I know of are Keyes' ford and Upper and Lower, about three-quarters of a mile apart, with shallow water between, and ford at Hopewell. The distance along the river I shall have to picket is about four miles, and will make my most distant picket from this post about seven miles.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 30, 1865.

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Winchester, Va.:

The railroad was captured at 7 o'clock this evening, about three miles east of Patterson's Run, by a gang of rebels. I have sent troops to that point. I have also sent out cavalry from New Creek to try to intercept the party. Will give you particulars as soon as possible.

S. S. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, MD., March 30, 1865.

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Winchester:

I am just in receipt of the following details of the capture of the train from the post commandant at Green Spring Run: The rebels, numbering about thirty or forty, made a dash on the mail train three miles west of Green Spring Run and robbed the passengers. I have sent a cavalry force from New Creek on Romney road and also a force from Green Spring Run to intercept them if possible. Every effort will be made to capture the party.

S. S. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

The train was fired, but put out; no one hurt.

