HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,March 30, 1865.

General S. S. CARROLL:

You can have all the troops of First Corps. There are two regiments in the field at Berryville, one to leave Washington this week, and a fourth to leave next week. There will be in all six regiments, say, or about 4,500 men, or two brigades. Owing to the peculiar nature of the command it is difficult to say whether other troops can be permanently associated with them, but they are a strong body by themselves. You will have a division, whether any one else does or not, and by taking this command you will always be near him, where he can see to it. If you think proper to come down the take command of the troops as they are raised General Emory will be sent up to Cumberland. I think if you are well enough it is for your interest to take the command, as it is in itself a mark of distinction, and there may be more raised than now appears probable.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, March 30, 1865.

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

I have no further news of the rebel gang in Hampshire. It is a small portion (some thirty or forty men) of Mosby's and Rosser's commands engaged in conscripting, &amp;c. A Captain McLean is in command. I have scout out from New Creek. Will advise you of their return.

S. S. CARROLL,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HARPER'S FERRY, March 30, 1865.

General SEWARD,

Martinsburg:

General Carroll reports Rosser with his command in Hampshire Couty. You had better send scout in direction of Romney, through Back Creek Valley, and notify your command west of Martinsburg to be on lookout.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 31, 1865-8.30 p. m.

JOHN F. PORTER,

U. S. Consul-General, Montreal:

If Canadian Government detains Saint Albans raiders on their own charges, let proceedings on behalf of this Government be suspended. If not, then proceed under requisitions for surrender.

WM. H. SEWARD,

Secretary of War.

