
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, March 31, 1865-9.30 a. m.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

I hope you will stay to see it out, or for a few days at least. I have strong faith that your presence will have great influence in inducing exertions that will bring Richmond; compared to that no other duty can weigh a feather. There is, in fact, nothing to be done here but petty private ends that you should not be annoyed with. A pause by the army now would do harm; if you are on the ground there will be no pause. All well here.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., March 31, 1865-8.30 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

At 12.30 p. m. to-day General Grant telegraphed me as follows:

There has been much hard fighting this morning. The enemy drove our left from near Dabney's house back well toward the Boydton plank road. We are now about to take the offensive at that point, and I hope will more than recover the lost ground.

Later he telegraphed again as follows:

Our troops, after being driven back on the Boydton plank road, turned and drove the enemy in turn and took the White Oak road, which we now have. This gives us the ground occupied by the enemy this morning. I will send you a rebel flag captured by our troops in driving the enemy back. There have been four flags captured to-day.

Judging by the two points from which General Grant telegraph, I infer that he moved his headquarters about one mile since he sent the first of the two dispatches.

A. LINCOLN.

GRAVERY RUN, March 31, 1865-12.50 p. m.

President A. LINCOLN,

City Point, Va.:

There has been much hard fighting this morning. The enemy drove our left from near W. Dabney's house back well toward the Boydton plank road. We are now about to take the offensive at that point, and I hope will more than recover the lost ground. The heavy rains and horrid road have prevented the execution of my designs, or attempting them, up to this time. General Ord reports the capture of some prisoners this morning, but does not say how many.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

DABNEY'S MILLS, March 31, 1865.

President A. LINCOLN,

City Point:

Sheridan has had hard fighting to-day. I can only communicate with him by courier. At dark he was hotly engaged near Dinwiddie. I am very anxious to hear the result; will let you know when I do hear.

