
All else is apparently favorable at this time, and I hope that will prove so also. Infantry has been sent down the Boydton road to his assistance.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, March 31, 1865.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Richmond papers of to-day received. The Sentinel says:

The city was much excited yesterday be accounts of a great battle on Wednesday near Petersburg. The truth of the matter, as we learned yesterday evening, was that there was indeed a grand exhibition of fireworks, but no battle and scarcely any one hurt. The troops holding Gordon's line, taking advantage of the darkness, were strengthening their chevaux-de-frise and abatis in front of their works. The Yankees opposite, hearing the noise, and supposing Gordon was coming after them, again opened a heavy fire of artillery, which was replied to on our side. The two picket-lines also opened a noisy musketry fire, which was kept up for several hours. a very few men were wounded on our side. The enemy probably suffered no more.

From East Tennessee:

The Lynchburg Virginian of the 29th says that the enemy, we suppose Stoneman's cavalry, have flanked Bristol, leaving it to the left, and are passing by way of Taylorsville in the direction of Glade Spring. Taylorsville is in Johnson County, Tenn., in the extreme northeastern corner of the State. Of course this movement will compel the evacuation of Bristol.

From the Whig:

SHERIDAN ON A RAID-RECONNAISSANCE NEAR HATCHER'S RUN-IMPORTANT OPERATIONS ARE IN PROGRESS ON OUR RIGHT.

The Petersburg Express says that at an nearly hour Wednesday morning a heavy force of the enemy, consisting of cavalry, infantry, and artillery, supposed to be headed by cavalry (Sheridan), made a detour around our lines and advanced toward the Boydton plank road, and between 7 and 8 o'clock struck this thoroughfare some six miles beyond Dinwiddie Court-House. Toward 11 o'clock we understand this force was in the vicinity of the Court-House, our forces skirmishing heavily with their advance. Last evening it was reported that the enemy had reached the Court-House and was demonstrating toward Burgess' Mill. It is believed that the destination of this force is the South Side Railroad, which Grant wishes to destroy, and thereby cut off General Lee's communications and diminish his supplies. While demonstrating on the plank road, it is thought the main body of the cavalry struck out through the country in the direction of the railroad; this, however, is not positively known.

The Raleigh Conservative learns that there are no less than from 300 to 600 deserters in the lower end of Pitt County, N. C., committing all sorts of depredations on her citizens, stealing horses, negroes, provisions, &amp;c.

Price at Raleigh-bacon, $7; butter, $10; corn, $30 per bushel; eggs, $5; wheat, $50; and other articles in proportion.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 31, 1865.

FREDERICK W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary of War:

A battle in front this morning. Our force driven back. In afternoon battle renewed, and the enemy driven from the ground. Four battle-flags taken by our troops.

WM. H. SEWARD.

