
siderable time to rebuild. Orders have been sent to him, if this is the case, to send troops to Sheridan by the Quaker road, or by both roads if necessary, even if he gives up the rear attack. Every exertion to re-enforce Sheridan at the earliest moment, and the vital importance of it has been impressed on him. He has been informed Sheridan, if not re-enforced and compelled to retire, will withdraw by the Vaughan road. I think it is possible the enemy may retire from Sheridan's front to-night, fearing an attack from the rear. I have sent orders to Humphreys to co-operate with Ord and take the works in his front if Ord's artillery fire renders it practicable.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

GRAVELLY RUN, March 31, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

City Point:

Major Wiley will call on you for an escort to guard cattle for Sheridan. You will order the escort from Sheridan's remounted men.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 31, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: Paragraph 21 of Special Orders, Numbers 473, of December 29, 1864, assigned Brigadier General J. J. Bartlett, U. S. Volunteers, to duty according to the brevet rank of major-general. On the 3rd of January, 1865, I was notified by Major Chalfin, assistant adjutant-general, that the appointment of General Bartlett as brevet major-general was not yet issued. He has recently been confirmed by the Senate as brevet major-general from August 1, 1864. The order cited was issued on my application at the time I recommended him for promotion under the presumption that he would be appointed before the meeting of Congress. But he was not so appointed, and had to be confirmed and commissioned before he had any brevet rank. In the meantime the command I designed for him has been given to another, and the necessity for his being so assigned no longer exists. In view of this fact, and the doubtful legality of the order assigning an officer before he actually had the rank to which he was assigned, I have suspended it. I would respectfully inquire whether my action meets with the approval of the Secretary of War and whether this order under the circumstances ought not to be rescinded. Whenever there is a command to which Brevet Major-General Bartlett may be assigned I shall apply for another order in his case.

Very respectfully,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

