
report the number of horses needed to mount their commands, as also the number of unserviceable hearses which will have to be sent to the rear (to the depot for recruitment.)

II. All mules not authorized by orders must be turned out, and the number reported to be sent to the rear. The number allowed to remain with the command as pack animals must not be greater than that which moved from Winchester with the column.

III. Horses captured on the expedition must not be appropriated by officers, except in such cases as division commanders may see proper to give special permission. In all other cases they must be turned over to the men, and, together with all captured horses in the command, branded under the supervision of division and brigade inspectors.

IV. It is expected that forges, with horseshoes and nails, will arrive to-morrow for the use of the command in shoeing, &amp;c. In the mean-time a careful inspection of the horses will be required in each regiment and such means taken as are possible to remedy, or at least to become acquainted with, all deficiencies now existing.

V. All arms and ammunition lost or abandoned on the march will be charged to the men responsible for the same. Division commanders will at once report the number of unarmed men (if any) in their respective commands.

By command of Brevet Major-General Merritt:

J. SPREADBURY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, Numbers 17. White House, Va., March 18, 1865.

I. The command will cross the Pamunkey RIver to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock. The First Division will move in advance, the trains will follow, and the Third Division cross in rear. The command will mass on the south side of the river, when camps will be assigned them. The pickets will remain as at present until the entire command crosses, when they will be withdrawn.

By command of Brevet Major-General Merritt:

J. SPREADBURY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 18, 1865.

General GRANT:

City Point, Va.:

I have a report this morning that Sheridan is on the They River, in Nelson County, followed by Fitz Lee's division and the remnant of Early's troops, about 1,000 infantry. I am disposed to disbelieve the whole story, as it sounds improbable, but if it should happen to be so I would render him assistance. Heavy bayou anything that would corroborate the story? It comes through some loyal people who came up the Valley this morning. Rosser has left the Valley and gone to the Tye River. I had this information two or three days ago.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

