
Since Miles is already well forward from your right flank the general commanding considers that that must be secure. Miles is ordered to take the enemy's works supported by his own corps. You will see the necessity of moving as soon as possible.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff

[MARCH 31, 1865]-3.40 p.m.

General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We have driven the enemy, I think, into his works. The prisoners report General Lee here to-day, and that their breast-works are full of men. We have prisoners from a portion of Pickett's and Johnson's divisions. The enemy fire artillery up the White Oak road from their works nearly a mile to our right of where we struck the road. At this point their right retires to the rear. I have just seen General Miles, who is close up, he says, to their works, which have heavy abatis in their front.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 31, 1865-4.30 p.m.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Secure your position and protect as well as possible your left flank. Word has been sent to Sheridan, and it is believed that he is pushing up. Humphreys will be ordered to push up and to connect with your right. You might, if you think it worth while, push a small force down the White Oak road and try to communicate with Sheridan, but they must take care not to fire into his advance.

By order of General Meade:

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 31, 1865-5.15 p.m. (Received 5.45 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN:

The major-general commanding directs that you push a brigade down the White Oak road to open it for General Sheridan, and support the same if necessary.

A. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The firing is so near that the general presumes that the command will not have far to go. The distance you will push out must depend on the circumstances of the movement and the support you can give them.

A. S. W.

