HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 31, 1865-8.20 p.m.

General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I sent General Bartlett out on the road running south from the White Oak road and left him there. He is nearly down to the crossing of Gravelly Run. This will prevent the enemy communicating by that road to-night. I have about two regiments and the artillery to hold the plank road toward Dinwiddie Court-House. It seems to me the enemy cannot remain between me and Dinwiddie if Sheridan keeps fighting them, and I believe they will have to fall back to the Five Forks. If I have to move to-night I shall leave a good many men who have lost their way. Does General Sheridan still hold Dinwiddie Court-House?

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 31, 1865-8.30 p.m. (Received 8.35 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN:

The probability is that we will have to contract our lines to-night. You will be required to hold, if possible, the Boydton plank road and to Gravelly Run; Humphreys and Ord along the run. Be prepared to do this upon short notice.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

MARCH 31, 1865-8.40 p.m.

General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

The line along the plank road is very strong. One division, with my artillery, I think can hold it if we are not threatened south of Gravelly Run, east of the plank road. General Humphreys and my batteries, I think, could hold this securely, and let me move down and attack the enemy at Dinwiddie on one side and Sheridan on the other. From Bartlett's position they will have to make a considerable detour to re-enforce their troops at that point from the north. Unless Sheridan has been too badly handled, I think we have a chance for an open field fight that should be made use of.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

March 31, 1865-9 p.m. (Received 9.17 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

You will, by the direction of the major-general commanding, draw back at once to your position within the Boydton plank road and send

