HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 31, 1865-10.15 p.m. (Received 10.48 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN, Fifth Corps:

Send Griffin promptly, as ordered by the Boydton plank road, but move the balance of your command by the road Bartlett is on, and strike the enemy in rear, who is between him and Dinwiddie. General Sheridan reported, his last position as north of Dinwiddie Court-House, near Dr. Smith's, the enemy holding the cross-roads at that point. Should the enemy turn on you your line of retreat will be by J. M. Brooks' and R. Boisseau's, on Boydton plank road (see 1-inch map). You must be very prompt in this movement, and get the forks of the road at J. M. Brooks' before the enemy, so as to open the road* to R. Boisseau's. The enemy will probably retire toward the Five Forks, that being the direction of their main attack this day. Don't encumber yourself with anything that will impede your progress or prevent your moving in any direction across the country. Let me know when Griffin starts and when you start. Acknowledge receipt.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 31, 1865-10.55 p.m.

General MEADE:

I issued my orders on General Webb's first dispatch to fall back, which made the division retire in the orders of Ayres, Crawford, and Griffin, which was the order they could most rapidly move in. I cannot change them to-night without producing confusion that will render all my operations nugatory. I will now send General Ayres to General Sheridan, and take General Griffin and General Crawford to move against, the enemy, as this last dispatch directs I should. I cannot accomplish the apparent objects of the orders I have received.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 31, 1865-11.45 p.m. (Received 1 a.m. April 1.)

Major-General WARREN, Fifth Corps:

A dispatch, partially transmitted, is received, indicating the bridge over Gravelly Run is destroyed, and time will be required to rebuild it. If this is the case, would not time be gained by sending the troops by the Quaker road? Time is of the utmost importance. Sheridan cannot maintain himself at Dinwiddie without re-enforcements, and yours are the only ones that can be sent. Use every exertion to get the troops to him as soon as possible. If necessary, send troops by both roads and give up the rear attack.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

---------------

*In dispatch as received by Warren the works "the road" are omitted.

#In a duplicate of this dispatch the words "in time" are omitted.

---------------

