
left flank of the corps the commanding general wishes you to give this your especial attention, strengthening your lines and extending them farther to the left and rear.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. W. SWAN,

Brevet Major, U. S. Army, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,

March 31, 1865-12.30 a.m.

Brigade commander will be ready to move promptly at 5 o'clock this morning. General Wintrop leading, left in front, will without further orders take up a position near the Dabney house. General Gwyn will follow General Winthrop, followed in turn by General Denison. There will be as little disturbance as possible.

By command of Brevet Major-General Ayres:

W. W. SWAN,

Brevet Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,

March 31, 1865.

The division will immediately be drawn back to where it was massed yesterday, near the Boydton plank road. The troops will move in the following order: First Brigade, Third Brigade, Second Brigade. Each brigade commander will withdraw his own pickets, and the greatest care will be taken to see that none of them nor any others are left behind.

By command of Brevet Major-General Ayres:

W. W. SWAN,

Brevet Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,March 30 [31], 1865-7 a.m.

Brevet Major-General CRAWFORD:

Withdraw all your pickets south of those established by General Ayres; then move with your whole division out and mass it by a house occupied by a colored man, and then replace General Ayres' pickets from left of General Humphreys up to a point north of the negro's house; make your headquarters at that house. Leave the pioneers of two brigades to begin to make a bridge across the stream for the passage of artillery. Major Cope will go with you and assist you in carrying out this order.

By commanding of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

March 31, 1865-1.25 a.m. (Received 1.35 a.m.)

Major-General WEBB:

Deserters in from Scales' and MacRae's report-the former, that their brigade went to the right night before last and were replaced by Cox's brigade of Gordon's corps; the latter, that their brigade and McComb's moved as above. Your dispatches of this a.m. are received, and orders

