
MARCH 31, 1865-1.20 p.m.

Major-General ORD:

I now have a brigade on your side of the slough, in the neighborhood of Fort Sampson. Do you desire to advance; and, if so, to what point? That is, in what direction and how far from Fort Sampson?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORD'S HEADQUARTERS,

March 31, 1865.

General WRIGHT:

I think there is no serious attack yet, and that the enemy are shelling our working parties. Most of the musketry firing is from our own men.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

March 31, 1865.

General Ord reports that the enemy's line in his front has been strengthened with troops brought from the enemy's left. This may forbode an attack on his line and an attempt to come in on our left flank. All the troops, with the exception of the garrisons and the one-tenth of the force (required to hold the rifle-pits) should be held in perfect readiness to move toward that point.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

March 31, 1865.

Division commanders will have their troops under arms at 4 a.m. to-morrow, and will remain so until one hour after daylight; also at 4 a.m. the picket-lines of the respective divisions will be supported by two regiments (or more if the division commanders should deem it advisable) at least equal in strength to the present picket detail, to remain in position until it is light enough to plainly distinguish the enemy's position. The artillery will also be held in readiness as above.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 31, 1865-2.15 a.m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of 1 a.m. with dispatch from the lieutenant-general and also a dispatch to General Wright received. Arrangements have been made for assembling and massing my reserved troops in the manner suggested by the major-general commanding in his dispatch to Major-General Wright, of 10.40 p.m. of the 29th. I will notify you as

