HEADQUARTERS DEFENSES OF BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA.,March [31], 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL:

GENERAL: Nothing new along my line. Have you any news?

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

Major General GEORGE L. HARTSUFF,

Commanding Bermuda Front:

Nothing new here. Our troops on the other side of Petersburg had some sharp fighting yesterday, but were in good spirits and were steadily driving the enemy, who last night had taken position at Burgess' Mill. Sheridan was at Five Forks Cross Roads, about twelve miles west by south of Petersburg, and about three miles from the South Side road.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

BROADWY LANDING, VA.,

March 31, 1865-5.40 p.m.

Colonel BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. General Grant, City Point:

The chief telegraph operator, Army of the James, has assumed to order away my operator here and break up the office. It was established by special order of General Grant after two serious instances of difficulty arising from there being no office here. It was never more necessary than now, and I respectfully request you to order that the operator remain. He is as much needed for the Army of the Potomac as for the Army of the James, and, in fact, was ordered here as much for one as the other.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Siege Artillery.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., March 31, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina:

I am informed that, by your order, my telegraph office is to be broken up. I would earnestly request that instead of it the one at Point of Rocks be discontinued, and I will be responsible that the hospital messages are delivered. I do this because my whole system of supply for batteries extending seventeen miles is based upon the prompt receipt of notifications of expenditures. Formerly, I had to depend one the Point of Rocks station and failed to receive two so important massages that General Grant himself directed a special office for my depot. If either must give way, I think that the business of a hospital is less important than that of so long a line of highly important batteries. At any rate for my own security, I feel it necessary to make known these facts to you before final action is taken.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Siege Artillery

25 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

