HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,March 31, 1865.

Major JOHN TEWKSBURY,

Commanding First Massachusetts Cavalry:

MAJOR: The major-general commanding directs that you arrest all stragglers from our army found outside the lines and forward them to these headquarters. He directs also that you allow no one to enter the lines, excepting deserters from rebel army and refugees seeking to escape from the enemy.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NORFOLK, PORSTMOUTH, AND DEFENSES,Portsmouth, Va., March 31, 1865.

Colonel E. FARDELLA,

Eighty-fifth New York Volunteers, Commanding Outposts:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you will withdraw the picket recently ordered to be established at the cause-way over the Great Marsh, and form a new line as follows, viz: At Great Bridge, North Landing, and Sand Bridge Mills, establishing such posts between North Landing and Sand Bridge as will close the roads to smugglers. The posts at Pungo will likewise be continued. The disposition of the force on the line is entirely under your control. You will, of course, place the dismounted cavalry, armed with sabers and pistols, in the position where it will be exposed as little as possible. If, in your judgment, it is advisable to have some infantry at Great Bridge, you may take a portion of the detachment of the Pennsylvania artillery, ordered to report to you some days since, and place it there. With that detachment there were three officers. He also directs that you report as early as practicable the new dispositions made by you, and wishes me to state that requisitions have been made for carbines for the dismounted cavalry, and it is hoped they will be soon furnished.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. DALE BENSON,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp, Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, March 31, 1865. (Received 2.15 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

A small party of guerrillas, numbering about thirty, captured the mail train west on the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad, near Patterson's Creek last evening, about 7, robbing the passengers but doing no other harm. They attempted unsuccessfully to burn the train. The telegraph wire was not cut. Efforts are being made to capture the party.

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

