
CITY POINT, April 1, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Yours to Colonel Bowers about the Secretary of War is shown to me. He is not here, n or have I any notice that he is coming. I presume the mistake comes of the fact that the Secretary of State was here. He started back to Washington this morning. I have your two dispatches of this morning, and am anxious to hear from Sheridan.

A. LINCOLN.

APRIL 1, 1865-7.45 p.m.

Colonel BOWERS,

City Point, Va.:

Sheridan with his cavalry and the Fifth Corps has evidently had a big fight this evening. The distance he is off is so great, however, that I shall not probably be able to report the result for an hour or two. Except that, there is nothing to report.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

DABNEY'S MILL, April 1, 1865-9.30 p.m.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

City Point:

I have just heard from Sheridan. He has carried everything before him. Captain Hudson has just returned from him and reports that he has captured three brigades of infantry and a train of wagons and is now pushing up his success. I have ordered everything else to advance and prevent a concentration of the enemy against Sheridan. Several batteries were captured. The prisoners captured will amount to several thousand.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, April 1, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Yours showing Sheridan's success of to-day is just received and highly appreciated. Having no great deal to do here, I am still sending the substance of your dispatches to the Secretary of War.

A. LINCOLN.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

April 1, 1865. (Received 12 a.m. 2nd.)

Colonel BOWERS:

As to past events you are posted. Orders have been issued for all the corps to attack at once or as soon as the assaulting columns can be formed. All this will be preceded by an artillery attack. Wright feels confident that fifteen minutes from the time he starts he will have the enemy's works, and he says he can and will h old them. Great enthusiasm and confidence of success seem to exist among the officers and men. Miles' division goes to Sheridan at 12 to-night.

E. S. PARKER.

