SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 67. City Point, Va., April 1, 1865.

I. Major General C. Schurz, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty in the First Army Corps, and will report in person to Major General W. T. Sherman, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, for assignment.

The following staff officers will accompany General Schurz: Major E. F. Hoffmann, additional aide-de-camp; Captain Charles Spraul, additional aide-de-camp; Captain J. C. A. Schenofsky, additional aide-de-camp. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation for officers, horses, servant, &amp;c.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 1, 1865-6 a.m. (Received 6.25 a.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The officer sent to Sheridan returned between 2 and 3 a.m. without any written communication, but giving General S[heridan]'s opinion that the enemy were retiring from his front. The absence of firing this morning would seem to confirm this. I was asleep at the time this officer returned and did not get the information till just now. Should this prove true Warren will be at or near Dinwiddie soon with his whole corps and will require further orders.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

DABNEY'S MILL, April 1, 1865-11.30 a.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Second Corps Headquarters:

General Barnard has been out examining the left of Ord's and right of Humphreys' lines and says that Ord is farthest in advance, and that he thinks Humphreys' can be thrown up even with it without difficulty. I am in hopes Humphreys will be able to carry the enemy's line next to the creek when Ord's battery is established. The engineer officer thinks this will be done by 2 p.m.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

DABNEY'S, April 1, 1865-4.25 p.m

General MEADE:

General Weitzel reports that Hartsuff has captured a man from Mahone's division. Hartsuff says that he is morally certain that Mahone has not moved.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Copy by Webb to Generals Ord, Wright, and Parke.)

