
GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

April 1, 1865. (Received 8.35 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Captain Hudson has just returned from Sheridan. Sheridan has captured everything before him. He has Steuart's and two other brigade wagon trains, &amp;c., and is pushing now. Humphreys must push now, or everything will leave his front and be concentrated against Sheridan. Inform Parke of this and tell him to be on the watch to go in.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 1, 1865-8.40 p.m.

General GRANT:

Dispatch giving Hudson's report received. General Humphreys was ordered to push his left out to the White Oak road and at 7 p.m. he reported Miles moving out to place his division across that road. Mott has one and a half brigades of his division extended in single rank keeping up connection with Miles. In pursuance of your instructions orders have been sent to Humphreys to assault at 4 a.m. to-morrow the Crow House battery, and he was authorized [at] the same time to assault from any point near his center or left where he deemed it practicable to do so; if successful, he is to push up the Boydton road. Your dispatch says, "Humphreys is to push now." Do you mean he is to attack to-night? Orders were sent to both Wright and Parke to attack to-morrow at 4 a.m. These orders were peremptory, no discretion being left to them except as to point of attack and formation of troops. Your last dispatch says, "Parke should be notified to watch." Do you mean his orders are to be changed?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

April 1, 1865-8.40 p.m. (Received 8.56 p.m.)

General MEADE:

General Wright and Parke should both be directed to feel for a chance to get through the enemy's lines at once, and if they can get through should push on to-night. All our batteries might be opened at once without waiting for preparing assaulting columns. Let the corps commanders know the result on the left, and that it is still being pushed. Several batteries were captured and over 4,000 prisoners.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

DABNEY'S MILL,

April 1, 1865-9.05 p.m. (Received 9.24 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE:

My dispatch of which yours of 8.40 is a reply was not sufficiently distinct. One sent since, though, gives my wishes more distinctly. Colonel Porter left Sheridan since 7 p.m. At that time Sheridan was pushing west from Five Forks, driving the remnant of the enemy

