
before him. Mackenzie pushed north on the Ford road. I believe with a bombardment beforehand the enemy will abandon his works. f not pursued Sheridan may find everything against him. Humphreys can push every reserve he has to his left, and if he finds the enemy breaking in his front then push the single line left directly to the front. If there is no break made by the enemy then Miles' division can be pushed directly down the White Oak road. Parke and Wright can open with artillery and feel with skirmishers and sharpshooters, and if the enemy is giving way push directly after him. Ord has been instructed the same way.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

DABNEY'S MILL,

April 1, 1865-9.30 p.m. (Received 10.05 p.m.)

General MEADE:

I would fix 12 o'clock to-night for starting Miles' division down White Oak road to join Sheridan, if the enemy is not started by that time, and the Second Corps in pursuit. With Miles division and what he already has I think Sheridan could hold all of Lee's army that could be got against him until we could get up.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

10.15 P. M.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

For your information. Can you get through operations on your left in time to move Miles down W[hite] O[ak] road at 12 o'clock?

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 1, 1865-9.25 p.m. (Received 9.45 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have sent you copy of order to Humphreys, Wright, and Parke.* Humphreys' has gone to him, but the line being down between here and Ord's I have sent Wright's and Parke's to be telegraphed from Humphreys' Station by the railroad line to those officers. I am truly delighted with the news from Sheridan. What part did Warren take? I take it for granted he was engaged.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 1, 1865-9.40 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have modified my orders to conform with your dispatch of 9.20 [9.05?] p.m. viz: Ordered Humphreys to push out at once from his left; if the enemy yields follow with everything; if he cannot make any

---------------

*See 9 p.m., p. 407.

---------------

