HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 1, 1865-11.35 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Humphreys inquires whether he is to attack the Crow house battery now ar at 4 a.m. to-morrow, as previously ordered or at all in case Miles fails to break through on the left. What do you say?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 1, 1865-11.45 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

General Humphreys inquires if Miles [is] to move down the White Oak road promptly at 12, without reference to whether he has been able by that time to attack the enemy. I have informed him the order was predicated on the supposition that General Miles would by that time have made his attack and settled this question, and I consider an hour or two of less importance than settling the question of the enemy's strength in Miles' front. Am I right, or must Miles move down promptly at 12, in case by that time he has not attacked? Please answer as soon as possible.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

APRIL 1, 1865-11.50 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

I do not know that the battery in front of the Crow house is the best place for Humphreys to attack. Wherever he thinks he stands the best chance for breaking through will satisfy all conditions. If he is satisfied on feeling that the enemy has not weakened his lines then I do not care to have him attack, but to send Miles' division as previously directed and look out for his left with what remains. I do not want him to attack and send Miles off both. Before starting Miles he had better wait now until say 2 a.m., until we have a further opportunity of seeing what the enemy is doing. If the enemy are now leaving it is not impossible that he may be going on the White Oak road, the very one Miles will have to move on.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 1, 1865-1.05 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

The Secretary of War desires to know whether you wish General Francis C. Barlow ordered to duty in your army.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

