
APRIL 1, 1865-9.30 a.m.

Captain DAVIS:

Chief Signal Officer, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

All quiet.

CAROTHERS:

Train of cars standing at Richmond railroad station 8 o'clock. A train of nineteen wagons and some led horses and mules just moved to our left on Pocahontas road. Think the wagons loaded from the railroad train.

JUDSON.

New camp of seven A-tents in open space west of Richmond road. Saw no trains on Richmond and Petersburg Railroad. Could hear trains on South Side Railroad and in the city.

JORDAN.

All quiet at this time.

L. A. DILLINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer, Ninth Army Corps.

[Same to Lieutenant Fearey, headquarters Sixth Army Corps.]

TOWER SIGNAL STATION, April 1, 1865-11 a.m.

Captain DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Battery of three pieces [light 12-pounders] and three caissons came from city on Boydton road and passed point north from this station at 10.30, moving left, going at a trot, followed by one ambulance. One hundred of our men, prisoners, under guard, moved toward city on Boydton road at 9.30 a.m.

E. H. WARDWELL,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

[Same to Lieutenant Dillingham, headquarters Ninth Army Corps, and Brevet Major Paine, General Ord's headquarters.]

TOWER SIGNAL STATION, April 1, 1865-4.55 p.m.

Captain DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Drove of 100 horses passed toward enemy's left at 11.30 a.m., on Cox's road. Four wagons came to west end of Mahone's camp and apparently issued rations to about 100 men who assembled about the wagons at that point. The wagons then went toward the city from whence they came. Two wagons issued rations to men who came out from camp to left of Oak Grove, the wagons standing in Boydton road. Three wagons left rations at camp to our left of Mrs. Hart's. Two wagons issued rations at camp to our left of Battery 54. At 3 p.m. about sixty horses and mules in drove passed toward city on Cox's road. Fourteen wagons passed to our left on Cox's road at 4.30 p.m. About 100 men without arms passed toward our left at 4 p.m.. An unusual number of wagons moving back and forth on both Boydton and Cox's roads, most of them with black covers. Few men seen in

