
front line of works to-day. From appearance of camps and number of men seen should estimate the force in this front, viz, from Battery 45 to Battery 54, at about seven regiments of medium size. The following trains have passed during the day on South Side Railroad: At 6.30 a.m. one train of five passenger and one box car went west; at 7 a.m. train of nine box and two flats went west; at 2 p.m. wood train of seven cars passed toward city. At present writing 100 men are passing toward our right. They are armed and equipped and just stopped to rest. Party of about fifty men still at work on small fort at the enemy's left of new line. Two steel mounted in fort.

E. H. WARDWELL,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

[Same to Lieutenant Dillingham, headquarters Ninth Army Corps, and Brevet Major Paine, General Ord's headquarters.

APRIL 1, 1865-6 p.m.

Captain DAVIS,

Chief Signal Officer, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Everything has been quiet on this front to-day. The enemy are moving large numbers of wagons in both directions, to and from the direction of Richmond, but mostly toward our left, and they are not in large trains, but a few at a time. Working party near Chesterfield on the work in the rear of that battery. One hundred Union prisoners moving toward Dunlop's from the left has been reported by Hopping and Jordan. I feel that I cannot spare Holman now, and have sent Nicholls to relieve Moffatt. Do you object?

L. A. DILLINGHAM,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer, Ninth Army Corps.

[Same to Lieutenant Fearey, headquarters Sixth Army Corps.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 1, 1865-11.20 a.m.

Bvt. Colonel J. C. DUANE,Chief Engineer:

General Meade directs you to send an engineer officer to advise with General Hays and to ascertain the practicability of carrying the work on his right. General Hays is near the Crow house.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-6.30 a.m.

Major-General WEBB:

I have resumed the position occupied by me yesterday morning, extending down the plank road and on the return. The movement commenced at 3.30 a.m.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

