
FIFTH ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-2.50 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: General Warren has just ordered corps headquarters to be moved to the front; also a train of supplies and two batteries. The command now at this point under Brevet Brigadier-General Pearson is to go with the train as escort. General Pearson will withdraw his pickets and guard at the bridge over the run. He said he would notify General Miles of the withdrawal of his pickets.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-1.30 a.m.

This corps will resume the position which it occupied yesterday morning. The movement will be made simultaneously by the Second and Third Divisions at 3.30 o'clock punctually this morning. General Hays will occupy from his present right to where his left was at 6 o'clock yesterday morning. General Mott will occupy from the place last referred to, to the Rainey house, at the intersection of the Boydton plank road and Quaker road. General Miles will hold from the Rainey house down the Boydton plank road, and the return toward Gravelly Run. The pickets of the First and Third Divisions will be modified to meet this new position. Everything will be done to strengthen the position taken up as much as possible.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

C. A. WHITTIER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

April 1, 1865.

I. Brigadier-General Hays, commanding Second Division, will assault the work in the vicinity of the Crow house at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning. At the same time the Army of the James, the Sixth and Ninth Corps, will assault the work in their front.

II. In the event of being successful that portion of the corps on the right of the Boydton plank road will be thrown forward toward it. That portion on the left of the Boydton plank road will be made to conform to the movements of the portion on the right.

III. The whole corps will be ready to move at 4 a.m. The commanding-general will be found at that hour near the point of assault.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

