
guard the train as escort. General Pearson will withdraw his pickets and the guard at the bridge on the run. You will have to take the place of both of the latter.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

General Mott reports that the division officer of the day reports the enemy advancing on his extreme left in force of at least a brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-9.45 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

SIR: Yesterday I attempted to take the redoubt, but found it impossible to effect it. The heavy slashing is impassable. The fire of the artillery from the redoubt amounted to nothing. We got so near the fort that the artillery of the enemy was not used. Will you please send one of your engineer officers to look at the ground?

W. HAYS,Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

SIR: With regard to an attack upon the redoubt on my front, I have to state that I looked at the redoubt this morning and found it to contain two guns. It is at the intersection of the enemy's works in front of me with those in front of the Twenty-fourth Corps. It is on this side of Hatcher's Run. Our pickets are about 200 yards from it, so close that the guns can not be used. The slashing in front of the redoubt is very heavy. I could see no troops in that part of the enemy's line in front of the Twenty-fourth corps. I think if there are but few troops in and near the redoubt it could be taken by a small force-400 or 500 of sharpshooters-but if there is considerable force defending it I think any force could not without great loss take it. If a force of 1,000 or more should get in the lines and the enemy should concentrate upon them our troops would find it impossible to retire without great loss. I am in favor of attacking with a force of picked men [sharpshooters] in preference to a large one. The attacking party can be supported by a force to take advantage of any success we might gain. There is no difficulty in getting a large force to within 300 or 400 yards of the works.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. HAYS,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-8 p.m.

Brigadier-General HAYS,

Commanding Second Division:

You will assault the work in the vicinity of the Crow house to-morrow at 4 o'clock. At the same time the Army of the James and the Sixth and Ninth Corps will attack the enemy's works in their

