
fronts. The inspector-general of the corps, Colonel William, your engineer officer, Captain Russell, and Captain Howell, the engineer officer from the headquarters of the Army, unite, I am informed, in the opinion, from their examination to-day, that a column of fours can approach the work without serious difficulty arising from obstructions, such as slashing, &amp;c., along the bank of Hutcher's Run. You will accordingly attack in that manner and follow up the attack with your whole division. Should your assault be successful you will endeavor to connect with General Turner's division [the division on your right] and move in the direction of the Boydton plank road. The assaulting column should be supplied with axes to break through abatis and such impediments. The pioneers should be close at hand with their tools. The intrenching tools should be at hand. It would be well to strengthen materially your picket line, perhaps double it. The fire of your sharpshooters should keep down the artillery fire of the fort. Your artillery fire should be used only in the event of a failure in order to cover your withdrawal. Please inform me where your headquarters will be at the time of the assault. I shall be on the ground.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,

April 1, 1865.

1. Colonel McIvor, commanding Second Brigade, will assault in column of fours, with the One hundred and fifty-fifth New York Volunteers, One hundred and seventieth New York Volunteers, and Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, at 4 a.m. to-morrow.

2. Captain Russell, chief of pioneers and engineer officer, will supply Colonel McIvor with twenty axes and conduct his command. The head of the column will be in position by 3 a.m.

3. The commanding officers of the First and Third Brigades will send their sharpshooters forward and put them in position to silence the battery in the work by 3 a.m. All the other troops will be held in readiness to move to support if Colonel McIvor is successful. Division headquarters will be at the Crow house.

By command of Brigadier-General Hays:

JNO. M. NORVELL,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-3 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. A. WHITTIER,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: The officer of the day of this division has just reported the enemy to be advancing on my extreme left, across the open field in front of my picket-line, in force of at least a brigade.

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General.

