HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-11 a.m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB,Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to send the following report: Captain B. C. Clement, with one sergeant and thirteen men of Sixteenth North Carolina Cavalry, Roberts' brigade, Lee's division, have just been received. They were captured this morning by three men of the First Division sharpshooters, Major Jacklin commanding. These three men went through the lines of the Second Corps to find the First Division [which had moved early this morning from its former position], and after passing around the picket-line of the Second Corps came upon these men in two squads and captured them. The names of the captors are W. M. Cronkite, A. McCrory, and William Stubel, all of the Sixteens Michigan Veteran Volunteers, detailed as sharpshooters. The horses of the prisoners were brought in with them. Our escort being short of horses they have been retained here. The prisoners will be sent up at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-General Warren being absent at the front I send the above.

ORDERS.*] APRIL 1, 1865-12.40 p.m.

I. Division commanders will send for ammunition sufficient to fill up to the amount required to be carried on the persons of the men, and send the empty wagons back to replenish.

II. The commissaries will also bring up supplies so as to give the men their full required quantity from to-morrow morning.

IV. The chief of artillery will send up two batteries and the medical director the ambulances, and they will be escorted, as well as the other train, by the command remaining on the plank road under General Pearson, belonging to Third Brigade, First Division.

V. General Wainwright will report the other batteries to General Webb, chief of staff, for his disposal. The route will be by the plank, road, and corps headquarters will come up with the other spring wagons.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Dinwiddie Court-House, April 1, 1865. [Received 4.50 a.m.]

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

I am holding in front of Dinwiddie Court-House, on the road leading to Five Forks, for three-quarters of a mile, with General Custer's division. The enemy are in his immediate front, lying so as to cover

---------------

*Appears in Warren's order book as General Orders, No. 24.

---------------

