HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,March 19, 1865. (Received 3.20 p. m.)

General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

The cavalry report but one man wounded and three captured as casualties of the division during the expedition.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,March 19, 1865.

General RAWLINS;

Deserters from Bratton's brigade near Darbytown road state;

Was under marching orders last night; the rumor was that we were flanking the rebel line; heard that one regiment of negroes was on the Williamsburg road; a great many Georgians are going home, heard that 40 left last Tuesday night.

Perhaps the Secretary would like to hear that the enemy thought our review meant an attack. They formed line of battle and massed men form near the James in front of the review. This accounts for the small number of them seen from Fort Harrison. Forty-six deserters reported since yesterday morning, generally with their arms. The Ordnance Department should send money to pay for them. Our quartermaster has not the money; and it is important to pay them here, so that they can write or send word to their comrades of the fact. Only one of your orders just reached the company of Palmeto Sharpshooters and brought in eight this morning, with their guns.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, March 19, 1865-7.05 p. m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

Sixteen deserters have been received here since 4 o'clock yesterday.

THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, March 19, 1865.

(Received 10.20 p. m.)

General READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

If Colonel Sumner is at his or my headquarters tell him that he can remain till I can see him to-morrow a. m. His men, if up the river on their way, can also land and remain at camp till further orders; the transportation to report to Colonel Bradley. If his men are waiting at or near Norfolk they can obey the order to land at such point as General Gordon may direct.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

