
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FIFTH CORPS, No. 7. April 1, 1865.

In compliance with instructions from Major-General Sheridan, the undersigned assumes command of the First Division, Fifth Corps.

J. J. BARTLETT,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-3.45 p.m.

The PRESIDENT:

Your dispatch of 1.45 p.m. just received. No part of the corps has moved from its old line, and nothing unusual is observed in front, except that the enemy is less strong than formerly.

H. G. WRIGHT,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS, April 1, 1865-10 a.m.

The following dispatch is furnished for the information of division commanders and the commanding officer of the Artillery Brigade:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 1, 1865-7.45 a.m.

Major-General PARKE:

Owing to the press of business last night the dispatches to you giving our operations of the day were omitted. Humphreys and Warren gained a position, running from Crow's house across the Boydton plank and over the White Oak road. In the morning an attack upon Warren was for the time successful, and Crawford and Ayres were driven back on Griffin, but Warren, assisted by Humphreys, gained his point by 4 p.m. and occupied a point on the White Oak road. Sheridan was then supposed to be coming up on our left, but at 6 p.m. it was reported that he had been pressed by infantry and driven back to near Dinwiddie Court-House. Owing to the presence of this infantry force in rear of our left flank, and owing to Sheridan's position, and with the hope of destroying the enemy, Warren's whole corps was sent to Sheridan, and Humphreys was during the night withdrawn to the Boydton plank, holding a return south to Gravelly Run. It is reported this a.m. that the enemy left Sheridan's front last night.

ALEX. S. WEBB,Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

[Same to General Wright.]

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-10.30 a.m.

Major-General WEBB:

I have the honor to report all quiet on my front during the past twenty-four hours. Three men deserted to the enemy from the Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers and [one] from Fourth New Jersey Volunteers, and five deserters were received, the latter from North Carolina regiments in Lane's and Scales' brigades. Reports from different parts of the picket-line state that the enemy's line was strengthened during the night with infantry and artillery.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

