HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-11 p.m.

Brevet-Major General WEBB,Chief of Staff, &amp;c.:

Your dispatch by Captain Worth is received. Everything will be ready. The corps will go in solid, and I am sure will make the fur fly. The general plan being understood well by the various commanders there will be no hesitation from want of knowledge of what is expected. If the corps does half as well as I expect we will have broken through the rebel lines fifteen minutes from the word "go".

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 1, 1865-11.35 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

I have just seen your dispatch of 10.30 indicating you are going on all right. I am quite sick, and trusted to General Webb to attend to matters. This must be my apology for my last dispatch, written under the impression you would not attack till 4 a.m., as previously ordered.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-11.45 p.m.

General MEADE:

Your dispatch of 11.25 p.m. received. In accordance with your previous orders the artillery has opened and the pickets are firing. The assaulting columns are in process of formation and will attack promptly at 4 a.m. It will hardly be possible to make necessary arrangements and have everything in perfect readiness at an earlier hour. I shall go in at that hour if I do not receive previous orders.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-12 p.m. [Received 12.05 a.m. April 2.]

General MEADE:

Your dispatch of 11.35 p.m. is just received. I may be able to attack at an earlier hour, but in order to almost insure success I think the attack better be made at 4 a.m., when my formation will be fully made. I am decidedly of the opinion that we should not attack before the hour indicated, for I cannot be ready sooner with my whole force. I can attack by divisions at an earlier hour, but think it much more advantageous to push forward with the corps,H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865.

In accordance with instructions received from Major-General Meade, an attack will be made at 4 a.m. to-morrow upon that part of the

