HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, April 1, 1865.

Major C. H. WHITTELSEY,Assistant Adjutant-General, Sixth Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to make the following report of operations in my command during the past twenty-four hours: At 7 p.m. the division officer of the day reported the enemy's skirmish line being re-enforced and asked for 200 men to strengthen his own line, which were immediately furnished from the Third Brigade. All through the night he reported great activity in the enemy's line, as the moving of wagons, artillery, and troops. Occasional firing on the line occurred, and at 2 a.m. a small volley was heard about the center of the line, upon hearing which several men of the Second Rhode Island Volunteers, on guard in the trenches, fired their pieces and aroused the whole division. These last offenders proved to have been boys without proper instruction or experience. At 12 p.m. one man deserted from the Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers, and at 3 a.m. three men from the Fortieth New Jersey Volunteers deserted to the enemy also. One deserter from the enemy came in about the same time. All quiet this a.m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. WHEATON,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS, April 1, 1865.

BRIGADE COMMANDING AND DIVISION OFFICER OF THE DAY:

SIR: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that from personal inspection he is convinced that the officers in charge of picket details are not sufficiently particular in the instruction of the details in their charge, especially in the case of recruits and inexperienced attention. Brigade officers of the day must be held to the strictest account of their own and the conduct of their commands while on picket. None but experienced soldiers should be put on duty as vedettes. The picket-line in front of each brigade is unusually strong, perhaps the most easily defended line we ever had, and the brigade officers of the day should impress upon their subordinates the fact that the picket-line front has been prepared for the purposes of affording every facility for the most desperate resistance to any line of battle that might be brought against it. Any attacking force less than a line of battle our pickets should destroy with ease. They are expected to hold and fight the line that has been prepared for that purpose against any force that may be brought against it, and we are not under any circumstances to withdraw and give up this line to the enemy unless ordered by proper authority. They are to distinctly understand that while on picket they are not intended as camp guards to alarm and notify the troops of an enemy's approach, but they are placed in a carefully prepared and strong position as a fighting force. That position they are to hold, and they will be furnished with more ammunition and supports when attacked. The duties of the division officers of the day are more supervisory and administrative than executive. Each brigade officer of the day should be able to fight his own picket front,

