
be responsible for the proper instruction of his officers and men, and each brigade commander should exact written reports from his officer of the day, as well as written reports of whatever of interest transpires on his front at any time during his tour. He is to obey the orders of his brigade commander, as well as those of the division officer of the day. Should these orders conflict, which is not expected, any question raised will promptly be settled at these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. CLENDENIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, SIXTH CORPS,

ORDERS. April 1, 1865-10 p.m.

The division will be massed near Fort Fisher inside the line of works at 1 o'clock to-morrow morning, the Third Brigade, Colonel Edwards leading, followed by the First Brigade, General Penrose, the Second Brigade, General Hamblin, following the First. The verbal and written instructions given for the attack that was ordered for the 31st ultimo will be the guide for the attack proposed at 4 a.m. to-morrow, in compliance with accompanying orders from headquarters Sixth Corps. The same disposition of the brigades in echelon will be made. Each brigade will cover its front with a skirmish-line which will extend a sufficient distance to the right of each brigade front to more than cover and protect its flank. Not less than thirty-five axes will be carried by the advance line of each brigade, with which to remove the abatis in front of the enemy's works. In the advance the brigade will preserve a sufficient distance to prevent the front line of one being mingled with the rear line of another. The lines in each brigade will be kept well apart, not less than fifty paces, and one line must not be permitted to crowd or touch another. The distance between lines may be increased to conform to the character of the advance we may be able to make, the nature of the ground, &amp;c. It will probably be necessary for the Third Brigade to move more rapidly than the other two. If the troops of the Second Division should gain ground to the right or left in the advance the Third Brigade must be the guiding brigade of the division and its guide will be left. After taking the enemy's works in his front Colonel Edwards will hold them and make such disposition of the right of his brigade as will most aid the First Brigade in gaining its position on his right. The First Brigade when in position on or in the enemy's line will similarly aid the Second Brigade in its advance. If either brigade after reaching the enemy's works finds the ditch in their front impassable, its commander will halt its front line, and while it engages the enemy, move his other lines to the right or left and break through at the nearest point. No lights will be permitted or matches ignited after we pass outside the main works to-night. The least noise will be made in marching to and forming at the position already indicated to brigade commanders. Orders will be given in a low tone by all commanders, and it is suggested not to cap the pieces of the second and third lines of each brigade. The division sharpshooters under Captain Stuart will move with the Second Brigade, reporting to General Hamblin for service on his right flank or wherever he may require them.

By command of Brevet Major-General Wheaton:

GEO. CLENDENIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

