HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865.

DIVISION COMMANDERS:

In accordance with instructions from the major-general commanding the army the following orders are issued:

An assault upon the enemy's work in front of Fort Sedgwick will be made at 4 a.m. to-morrow by the Second and Third Divisions and the First Brigade of the First Division.

I. Brigadier-General Hartranft, commanding Third Division, will mass his division in rear of the line between Fort Sedgwick and Fort Rice by 3 a.m.

II. Major-General Potter, commanding Second Division, will withdraw his division from the line and mass it in rear and to the left of Fort Sedgwick and on the left of the Third Division at the same time.

III. Major-General Potter, commanding Second Division, will withdraw his division from the line and mass it in rear and to the left of Fort Sedgwick and on the left of the Third Division at the same time.

III. Major-General Willcox, commanding First Division, will withdraw his First Brigade, Colonel Harriman commanding, from the line and mass it on the right of the Third Division at the same time.

IV. Major-General Willcox and Major-General Potter will leave their picket-line out and garrisons in the forts.

V. At 4 a.m. the entire picket will advance, endeavoring to hold all ground gained and the assaulting columns will charge.

Strong pioneer parties, provided with spades and axes, will be arranged by the commanders of divisions.

VI. Major-General Willcox will hold his other two brigades in readiness to advance upon the enemy's work in his front on receipt of orders. They will not be withdrawn from the line till further orders.

VII. Quartermaster's, commissary of subsistence, and medical departments will make their dispositions accordingly.

VIII. After 3.30 a.m. corps headquarters will be at the Avery house, Third Division headquarters.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-10.15 p.m.

General BENHAM,

Commanding Defenses of City Point:

I have been instructed to feel the enemy's line with skirmishers and open with artillery along my line. General Sheridan has captured 4,000 prisoners and several guns.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORD'S HEADQUARTERS, April 1, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The firing you heard this a.m. was an attack of the enemy on my new line; having notified my command to be ready the rebels were

