HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT,March 19, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL:

On the Bermuda front the order promising pay for arms and horses has been circulated with kites, bows and arrows, and newspapers. The cross of deserters from the division there is about twenty-five a night. Their is no reason why the same cross should not be reached on the north of the James. You will take every measure to circulate the order at once and daily.

E. O. C. ORD,

(Same to General Gibbon and Colonel West.)
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,March 19, 1865.

Major-General ORD:

Please send me some more of General Grant-s orders and a man who understands your mode of fixing them to a kite.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,March 19, 1865-7.45 a. m.

Lieutenant Colonel THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I respectfully report the safe return of the cavalry. I learned from a prisoner whom we capture last night, belonging to Pickett's division that that division returned to Richmond yesterday afternoon and encamped below Richmond.

Very respectfully,

ROB. M. WEST,

Colonel, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,March 19, 12865.

Lieutenant Colonel THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The results of the late cavalry expedition may not be considered as positive, because the contingency it was designed to meet did not arise. I was not able to find that any of General Sheridan's troops had been to the Chickahominy on the north bank at all. The holding of White Oak Swamp bridge and Charles City Cross-Roads was a disposition which would have secured freedom from interruption to any force of ours crossing the Chickahominy at Long Bridge, or at any point below there. The disposition of the force on the Williamsburg stage road south of the Chickahominy would have the same effect upon an attempt at crossing Bottom's Bridge. Beyond this, and a more definite knowledge of the localities passed over, I cannot claim that any result of any kind was accomplished. The enemy's pickets made several stands from

