
ing his main line now. My men are massing on my left a mile and a half from your headquarters. Had I not better hold them there subject to your orders?

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

DABNEY'S MILLS, April 1, 1865-11.20 p.m.

Major-General ORD:

Your dispatch of 11 p.m. received. You can follow the course proposed in your dispatch of that hour. Has the enemy returned the fire along our line with any vigor?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

ORD'S HEADQUARTERS, April 1, 1865-11.40 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Dispatch received of 11.20. The enemy returned fire of musketry on my front but rarely this p.m., and it seems to have ceased to-night. This, the wind from the north, I cannot tell. You are only 500 yards from Turner's right and can hear any firing better. The cessation of firing is not a reliable sign and so I have out scouts who will soon report.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 1, 1865-6.45 a.m.

Major-General ORD,Commanding Army of the James:

I am directed to communicate with you in reference to the operations against the redoubt of the enemy on the south side of Hatcher's Run and north of the Crow house.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORD'S HEADQUARTERS, April 1, 1865.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The work south of the run is on a hill slopping toward it and shaped like a capital V. The enemy's approach to this work is on the side of the hill sloping toward my line. My sharpshooters and artillery, when I can get it there, can keep re-enforcements out of the rebel work. Your troops are on the other face of the V. I am told our fire if it misses the work may hit your men, but we will be careful. My battery may be placed to-day, but the men are fatigued and work slowly. I shall let you know when it is ready. The brigade commanders on the two sides of the V should have some signal when to begin firing on our side and to attack on yours. We can not put men across the run here.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

