
relieve your picket-line, so that the enemy will know nothing of the change. Foster will send you word how many men Osborn will bring with him.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

ORDERS. HDQRS. INDEPENDENT DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE JAMES, April 1, 1865.

Colonel Curtis and Colonel Potter will withdraw their brigades so soon after dark as they can do so without having the movement observed by the enemy, and will put them in line in rear of the belt of woods now occupied by Colonel Curtis' troops. General Harris will so stretch out his line as to cover the ground now occupied by himself and Colonel Potter, having his line strongest upon his right. Colonel Potter will leave his pickets. The troops will be held in readiness to move.

By command of Brevet Major-General Turner:

C. H. HURD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DABNEY'S MILL, April 1, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

Miles' division has been ordered to swing round onto the White Oak road. It was so late, however, before I learned of Mackenzie's position that I do not think he will reach there before 9 this evening. An attack is ordered for 4 a.m. in the morning at three points on the Petersburg front; one by the Ninth Corps between the Appomattox and Jerusalem plank road, one west of the Weldon road, and the third between that and Hatcher's Run. From your isolated position I can give you no specific directions, but leave you to act according to circumstances. I would like you, however, to get something done to the South Side road even if they do not tear up a mile of it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, April 1, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORSYTH:

GENERAL: As yet nothing has been developed on the left front but cavalry. I think there is no doubt but the rebel infantry has removed to the right to connect with the right of their main line. Rebel infantry covers the road to the Five Forks. The First Division is skirmishing with cavalry on the left of the First Division line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.

