
CITY POINT, VA., April 2, 1865-2 p.m. [Received 2.30 p.m.]

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

At 10.45 a.m. General Grant telegraphed as follows:

Everything has been carried from the left of the Ninth Corps. The Sixth Corps alone captured more than 3,000 prisoners. The Second and Twenty-fourth Corps both captured forts, guns, and prisoners from the enemy, but I cannot tell the number. We are now closing around the works of the line immediately enveloping Petersburg. All looks remarkably well. I have not yet heard from Sheridan.

His headquarters have been moved up to T. Banks' house, near the Boydton road, about three miles southwest of Petersburg.

A. LINCOLN.

CITY POINT, VA., April 2, 1865-8.30 p.m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

At 4.30 p.m. to-day General Grant telegraphed as follows:

We are now up, and have a continuous line of troops, and in a few hours will be intrenched from the Appomattox, below Petersburg, to the river above. Heth's and Wilcox's divisions-such part of them as were not captured-were cut off from town, either designedly on their part or because they could not help it. Sheridan, with the cavalry and Fifth Corps, is above them. Miles' division, Second Corps, was sent from the White Oak road to Sullivan [Sutherland's] Station, on the South Side Railroad, where he met them, and at last accounts was engaged with them. Not knowing whether Sheridan would get up in time Humphreys was sent with another division from here.

The whole captures since the army started out will not amount to less than 12,000 men, and probably 50 pieces of artillery. I do not know the number of men and guns, accurately, however. A portion of Foster's division, Twenty-fourth Corps, made a most gallant charge this afternoon, and captured a very important fort from the enemy, with its entire garrison. All seems well with us, and everything quiet just now.

A. LINCOLN.

CITY POINT, VA., April 2, 1865-8.30 a.m. [Received 9 a.m.]

Mrs. A. LINCOLN,

Executive Mansion:

Last night General Grant telegraphed that General Sheridan with his cavalry and the Fifth Corps had captured three brigades of infantry, a train of wagons, and several batteries, prisoners amounting to several thousand. This morning General Grant having ordered an attack along the whole line telegraphs as follows.*

Robert yesterday wrote a little cheerful note to Captain Penrose, which is all he has heard of him since you left.

A. LINCOLN.

CITY POINT, VA., April 2, 1865.

Mrs. LINCOLN:

At 4.30 p.m. to-day General Grant telegraphs that he has Petersburg completely enveloped from river below to river above, and has

---------------

*See Grant to Bowers, 6.40 a.m., p. 448.

---------------

