
GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

April 2, 1865.

Major-General MEADE:

The following just received:

Brigadier-General RAWLINS:

General Sheridan desired me to inform you that the Second Corps is marching up the Boydton road toward Petersburg, and that Lee and his forces are moving this direction. We have come up to their rear guard, about two miles on the Claiborne road from their works in front of that road, probably; but few stragglers.

P. T. HUDSON,

Aide-de-camp.

11 A. M.

Miles has carried all the main works on the Claiborne road. We are following the enemy up that road. The enemy evacuated the works about 10 o'clock. Will send particulars as soon as heard.

P. T. HUDSON,

Aide-de-Camp.

E. S. PARKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 2, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send Major Rosencrantz, just from Miles. Brevet Major-General Miles reports that he made three assaults on the enemy's position, the last being made about 3.30 p.m. One brigade attacked on their flank, and succeeded in completely routing them, capturing from 600 to 1,000 prisoners, 2 guns, and 2 colors. General Miles has formed connection with Major-General Humphreys, but it was found that the enemy had retired, but Miles is still pursuing them. Major Rosencrantz will give you any further details. Miles has about 400 rebel wounded, which are included in the 1,000.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 2, 1865-7.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

An officer who accompanied General Humphreys has returned. Humphreys effected a junction with Miles, but the enemy had withdrawn. Humphreys was in pursuit. Miles had a very brisk engagement this afternoon, was severely pressed, and at one time a part of his command gave way. He, however, stubbornly maintained his position till Humphreys arrived. Both divisions must be greatly fatigued from constant marching and Miles with fighting. I expect, therefore, that the enemy will get away. Nothing was heard of Sheridan when this officer returned. What orders shall be sent Humphreys?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

