
APRIL 2, 1865-7.40 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

I would send Humphreys no orders further than to report to Sheridan and return or cross the Appomattox as he wishes. I have just heard from Sheridan. Lee himself escaped up the river. Sheridan thinks that all of the rebel army that was outside the works immediately around the city are trying to make their escape out that way. He is making dispositions to cut them off of he can. The Fifth Corps is now with or near the Second and should not be moved in this direction to-night. I think there is nothing in Petersburg, except the remnant of Gordon's corps and a few men brought from the north side to-day. I believe it will pay to commence a furious bombardment at 5 a.m. to be followed by an assault at 6, only if there is a good reason for believing the enemy is leaving. Unless Lee reaches the Danville road to-night he will not be able to reach his army to command here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 2, 1865-8 p.m. (Received 8.30 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I understand the enemy have had a pontoon bridge at Exeter Mills, about four miles north of Sutherland' Station, and they were fighting this afternoon to get their trains off on that road. It is a pity Sheridan did not move as I suggested on the Cox and River roads, for had he done so these fellows would have been cut off. Had I not better send out pontoon train to Humphreys at Sutherland's Station, and authorize his advancing by the Exeter Mills and crossing the river, if in his judgment or from the information he obtains he thinks he can do anything? I have just received your note by Captain Dunn. The information I send you of the crossing of Heth and Wilcox at Exeter Mills is inconsistent with General Sheridan's theory. You say not to send orders to the Fifth Corps. I shall, of course, not do so till that corps is returned to my command; but I would suggest Humphreys taking the Fifth Corps and the two divisions of the Second, and cross-across, co-operate with or take orders from Sheridan.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

I will give orders about bombardment and preparations to assault.

GRANT'S HEADQUARTERS,

April 2, 1865-9 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

Direct General Parke to use his siege artillery upon the railroad bridge during the night. If we can hit the bridge once it will pay. It will be well to send the pontoon train to Humphreys, but the troops not to cross till Sheridan gets there. Sheridan now has his cavalry out after trains of the enemy which he has heard of and will probably collect them to-night and be with Humphreys by 8 a.m. to-morrow. I

