
APRIL 2, 1865-3.30 p.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I found General Sheridan at the Moody house. He informs me that he is convinced from his information that Lee's army is retreating rapidly up the Appomattox; that they began evacuating Petersburg last night. He had ordered Miles up the Claiborne road, and advises the movement in that direction of the whole of the Second Corps. He informed me that he had not intended to return the command of Miles' division by ordering it to its former position, yet insists upon my taking command of it. He says that the whole Second Corps moving out on the Claiborne road will not jam him. I have not seen General Miles yet, but he is moving out the Claiborne road. There is some skirmishing ahead. No part of the Fifth Corps is following Miles. As General Sheridan had not intended to return the command of Miles' division to me I think I had better leave it to him and return to the command of my two divisions. Please send me instructions. In the meantime I shall let Miles push on as ordered by General Sheridan. Miles can be brought up in conjunction on the Cox road without jamming if you think it best.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 2, 1865-3.50 p.m.

Major-General WEBB:

The following telegram received a short time ago:
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,2.15 p.m.

Lieutenant Colonel C. A. WHITTIER:

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The officer of the day of General McAllister's brigade reports that he hears skirmishing apparently in the enemy's rear. I send it for what it is worth.

G. MOTT,

Brevet Major-General.

General Mott was directed to send a reliable officer to ascertain if so, and to feel the enemy there, and if weak to organize a strong attack and make it as soon after 4 o'clock as possible.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 2, 1865-9.35 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you report for orders to Major-General Sheridan, and that you will cross the river or not as he may direct. A pontoon train is sent to you to be used in case you cross. Please notify Major-General Sheridan of this.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

