
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,

April 2, 1865-1.20 a.m.

The following changes in the disposition of troops are ordered:

Brigadier-General Pierce will close up his brigade till it occupies the same line as yesterday.

Brevet Brigadier-General McAllister will withdraw his command to the same line that he held yesterday.

Brigadier-General De Trobiand will place his brigade in single rank in the line held by General Miles' division yesterday, his right connecting with General McAllister's left, where General Miles' division did during the day yesterday.

General Miles will notify General De Trobiand the moment when the brigade connecting with him begins to draw off. General De Trobiand will then withdraw to the position indicated, and notify General McAllister when he begins to move. General Pierce will not move until General McAllister notifies him that he is ready to close up to him.

The pickets of this division and of General Miles will remain as they now are until just before daylight, when they will both withdraw to the picket-line they held yesterday.

Lieutenant-Colonel Gifford, division officer of the day, will attend to the pickets of this division.

The command will then be held ready for the results of the assault at 4 this morning.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 2, 1865.

Brigadier General R. DE TROBIAND,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding directs that you perfect your line of works as much as possible to-night, and that due vigilance be exercised.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Bvt. Brigadier General R. McAllister, commanding Third Brigade.)

PICKET-LINE, SECOND BRIGADE, April 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General PIERCE:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that a considerable force of the enemy is moving toward their right (our left). I cannot give a correct estimate of the number, probably one division.

I am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. STROUSS,

Captain, Fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers,

In charge of the Second Brigade Pickets.

