
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, March 19, 1865.

(Received 8.35 p. m.)

Major-General AUGUR:

Your dispatch received. I will order Colonel Scheitzer to report to you to-morrow.

Respectfully,

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

WINCHESTER, March 19, 1865.

General EMORY:

The major-general commanding desires you to send from Summit Point a regiment of infantry to the fords of the Shenandoah, in the vicinity of Myerstown and Kabletown, with the same instructions as given to the regiment March 15 by telegram. The general desires the troops to move to-morrow morning.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINETEENTH ARMY CORPS,March 19, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. P. DAVIS,

Commanding, Summit Point:

In pursuance of orders from headquarters you will send a regiment of infantry to the fords of the Shenandoah in the vicinity of Myerstown and Kabletown, with the same instructions as given to the regiment March 15 by telegraph. The regiment will move early to-morrow morning. Acknowledge receipt, giving name of regiment and its commanding officer, and time at which start. As soon as they return report facts by telegraph.

By order of Brevet Major-General Emory:

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., March 19, 1865.

General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

One hundred and ninety-third Ohio arrived this morning. The agent of Baltimore and Ohio Railroad has just informed me that agent at Parkersburg has notified that 8,000 troops are arriving there for this post. The pontoon will be all right for to morrow morning. Colonel Reno has returned. The Rangers are ordered up. If the general desires his order carried out everything is in readiness. Major-General Brooke, Colonel Reno, and commanding officer of Rangers have all been notified as directed. Since receiving extract from Colonel Piper's report I have not called on Captain Whittier for a report of cause of absence. He has been acting as provost-marshal, and I supposed Colonel Piper, in noting his absence, was not aware of that fact. I will cause proper inquiry to be made into the cause of absence. Colonel

