HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,April 2, 1865-12.08 p.m.*

Brigadier-General GRIFFIN,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that if anything unusual occurs on your line at any time during the night you send a courier post haste to these headquarters with report.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[APRIL 2, 1865.-For Sheridan to Grant, reporting operations at Five Forks, April 1, see Part I, p.1100.]

APRIL 2, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

Wright and Parke attacked at daylight this morning and carried the enemy's works in their front. Wright's troops, some of them, pushed through to the Boydton road and cut the telegraph wire. Ord is now going to re-enforce Wright, and Humphreys is feeling for a soft place in the line south of Hatcher's Run. I think nothing now is wanting but the approach of your force from the west to finish up the job on this side.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

GENERAL SHERIDAN'S HEADQUARTERS,

In the Field, April 2, 1865-10.30 a.m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army:

Major-General Sheridan instructs me to inform the lieutenant-general commanding that he has taken the line of the enemy's works on the Claiborne and White Oak roads. These works are very strong. He is pushing rapidly toward Petersburg.

By order of General Sheridan:

JNO. KELLOGG,

Lieutenant Colonel Commissary of Subsistence, and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

RICHIE HOUSE, April 2, 1865-12.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

I would like you to get the Fifth Corps and all the cavalry, except Mackenzie, across the Appomattox as soon as you can. You may cross where you please. The position and movements of the enemy will dictate your movements after you cross. All we want is to capture or beat the enemy. There is a pontoon train with the army. If you want it send an officer to conduct it where it will be required.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

---------------

* Probably sent 12.08 a.m., April 3.

---------------

