
WILLIAMSON'S HOUSE, Near Sutherland's Depot, April 2, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inform you that I am now at Mrs. Williamson's (on the map R. Williams), situated on the River road, with the Fifth Army Corps. General Miles' division, Second Army Corps, is near Sutherland's Depot; the cavalry is working up on the enemy's flank toward the intersection of Ford's road with the Namozine road. A. P. Hill's corps passed by here this afternoon; his troops were in position on the railroad near Sutherland's. Our flanks movement on Ford's road stampeded them and they fled in disorder toward the Appomattox River. From what has transpired here I think, beyond a doubt, that the enemy's troops, wagons, and, in fact, everything that is left if them, have moved off and are moving toward Burkeville Junction. With these impressions and your instructions I am in some doubt as to the result of my moving north of the Appomattox. I think everything has left Petersburg, or is leaving it. My cavalry is now heavily engaged with the enemy some distance from here, beyond the Namozine road. Crawford's division of the Fifth Corps is now moving up to them. The cavalry struck the railroad early this morning some miles west of the intersection of Ford's road with the railroad, cutting off a locomotive and two trains loaded with wounded, and destroyed the track in several places.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 2, 1865-10 a.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

The enemy has abandoned his line opposite Humphreys, and is falling back to his own left and said to be forming line beyond Hatcher's Run. Humphreys is moving out on the Boydton road and Miles on the Claiborne. General Humphreys has assumed command of Miles. Fifth Corps left to you. General Wright is moving down (south) the Boydton road, with General Ord covering his left. We presume you to be on Cox and River roads. If General Humphreys hears you engaged he will move toward you. If you hear him engaged you are requested to move toward him.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

APRIL 2, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The road I have taken turns from White Oak road at S. Butler's house. My advance has moved beyond the run at E. Seymour's. The road I am on strikes the railroad about one mile and a half from here. Very little opposition as yet. I have sent one brigade of Custer's to the same destination on the railroad (J. Pool) that the First Division is moving on by the road indicated on the map by J. Williams' house. The rest of Custer's command will mass here Seymour's

