HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 2, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I directed Hartsuff to attack this morning. He carried the picket-line, but could not get any farther. Prisoners captured say Mahone is still there.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

T. BANKS' HOUSE, April 2, 1865-10.45 a.m.

Major-General WEITZEL,

Army of the James:

The enemy have been driven from all the works outside of the line immediately enveloping Petersburg. We are now enveloping them and will be able to inclose them to the Appomattox. I think the whole amount of captures will amount to 10,000 men since we started, and many guns. One brigade of Mahone's division is here and no doubt more will be here soon. Keep in a condition to assault when ordered, or when you may feel the right time has come.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 2, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch received. I know now positively that there were some of Pickett's division still in my front last night. Those men and Gregg's and Benning's brigades, of Field's division, left to-day and were the troops that went to Petersburg to-day. They were replaced on the line near the Williamsburg road by Richmond militia. This leaves 6,385 soldiers and the militia in my front. I can move, by leaving my lines in charge of the pickets and dead-beats, about 8,000 men. I would rather that their line be a little more diminished of soldiers before I make the attempt, but I am ready to assault whenever your order it, or whenever, under your instructions, I think there is the least chance of winning. You know they have a very strong line in my front, as far as engineering goes. I congratulate you on the success of to-day.

G. WEITZEL.

APRIL 2, 1865-12.50 p.m.

Major-General WEITZEL:

Rebel troops are pouring over the Appomattox rapidly it is reported. Direct General Hartsuff to demonstrate against them in his front, and if there is a good showing attack. The enemy will evidently leave your front very thin by night. I think I will direct you to assault by morning. Make your preparations accordingly.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

