HEADQUARTERS,Five or Six Miles West of Petersburg, April 2, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL:

General Ord directs that your order the two companies of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, in your command, to report without delay to Colonel Washburn, at these headquarters. Send all you can get together to-day, and if headquarters are moved let the rest follow.

THEO. READ,

Chief of Staff.

BERMUDA FRONT, April 2, 1865-1.20 a.m.

General WEITZEL:

Have received and given the orders about opening from my batteries. Will be able to commence along the whole line in half hour to an hour, and will promptly report result.

G. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 2, 1865.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

Make the demonstration as General Grant directs.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

BERMUDA FRONT, April 2, 1865-2.40 a.m.

Major General G. WEITZEL:

Have just sent the following instructions to General Ferrero:

If the enemy has not replied to our fire on our right and center you had better send out a column to attack and capture their picket-line at that point if possible. If this develops the fire of their batteries in force let the column withdraw; if not push any success you may obtain, even to the capture of their main line, holding the remainder of your command ready to support the attacking column. We must not let the enemy leave our line without out knowing it. If at any time or in any manner in course of executing the above directions you learn positively of the continuance of the enemy in force on any part of this line do not push the reconnaissance any farther, as the object of the movement will then be accomplished. Do this as soon as possible.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

HARCHER'S FARM, April 2, 1865.

General WEITZEL:

My demonstration this morning resulted in developing the enemy in force along his line. They were driven out of their picket-line with ease for a distance of more than half a mile, and six of their pickets captured. Our advance was then opened upon by artillery throughout the whole of their line which bore upon it. Having ascertained by

