
road, about 100 of them moving left toward large fort, 200 of them toward the picket-line at different points our front, and the other 100 still remaining in line in rear of works northwest from station. The wind blows so hard as to prevent me from telling whether there has been any change in the forces garrisoning their front line.

A. K. C. [AROTHERS],

Sergeant.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

March 16, 1865-5 p. m.

Captain J. C. PAINE:

The enemy opened on a working party in vicinity of Battery 23, at 9.30 and 10.10 a. m., from Fort Mahone and next battery to its left, throwing about twenty shots. The firing developed their force in our front which is much less (probably one-third) than the force occupying the lines yesterday. This diminution extends from plank road as far left as yellow house battery. Men reported moving toward picket-line in report of 9 a. m., proved to be reliefs; those moving back and scattering in works along our front. The enemy's picket is a strong one, the men forming it having full marching equipments, including knapsacks; the latter not worn as a general thing by their reliefs. Small parties were drilling at different points during the day. The wind has prevented making any correct observation further left than the lead works. Some movement of troops was visible in the vicinity of large fort at 1 p. m., but could not distinguish their numbers or what they were doing.

A. K. CAROTHERS,

Sergeant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 52. City Point, Va., March 16, 1865.

* * * *

II. The Tenth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops is relieved from duty at City Point, and will proceed without delay to the Army of the James and report to Major General E. O. C. Ord for orders. The quartermaster's department will furnish necessary transportation.

* * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 12. March 16, 1865.

I. Brigadier General M. R. Patrich, U. S. Volunteers, is relieved from duty as provost-marshal-general of the Army of the Potomac, and will be respected and obeyed accordingly.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

