
BALTIMORE, MD., April 2, 1865.

General C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Winchester:

Your dispatch of last night received. We will take pleasure in complying with wishes of general commanding by furnishing the necessary transportation to protect the U. S. mails and other public property, and the officers and men of Government, and others traveling on our trains. The usual certificate for this service can be given us, and the question of payment settled by rule of War Department at Washington. This is in accordance with practice of preceding military administrations. Would not thirty thoroughly armed and reliable men be adequate, as we are advised that the last capture of train was made by but sixteen half-frightened men? Our president met General Carroll yesterday at Cumberland and advised that the pickets on exposed parts of line should be placed closer, so as to meet each other, instead of being kept mainly in camp. This plan has proven very efficacious whenever practiced on our road heretofore. Would not Grafton be as far west as this guard is likely to be needed now? We suggest that if a good regiment of cavalry be placed additionally at or south of Romney, to scout the Northwest pike and other roads, it would greatly lessen danger of raids on our line.

W. P. SMITH.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, No. 39. Winchester, Va., April 2, 1865.

1. Brevet Major-General Emory is hereby assigned to command of the troops of the Department of West Virginia west of Sleepy Creek, and will proceed without delay to Cumberland and relieve Brigadier-General Carroll.

2. Brigadier-General Carroll is hereby assigned to the command of the brigade of the First Corps, and of Duval's brigade from the Department of West Virginia. The two brigades will form a provisional division of the Army of the Shenandoah.

3. The troops now serving in this army and not included in the Department of West Virginia will be designated as follows hereafter: The First Division, late Nineteenth Corps, as the First Division, Army of the Shenandoah; the provisional division now commanded by Bvt. Major General J. R. Brooke, as the Second Provisional Division, Army of the Shenandoah; the provisional division now commanded by Bvt. Major General T. W. Egan, as the Third Provisional Division, Army of the Shenandoah; the provisional division to be commanded by Brigadier-General Carroll, as the Fourth Provisional Division, Army of the Shenandoah.

4. Brevet Major-General McMillan is relieved from duty with the First Division, and will report to Brevet Major-General Emory at Cumberland for assignment.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, April 2, 1865.

(Received 11.30 a.m.)

Major-General AUGUR:

The general wishes me to ask you if you have seen the deserter yet and what you make of this story. We had a man here some days ago

