
CITY POINT, VA., March 20, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The following items are from to-day's Richmond papers:

We are gratified to learn that telegraphic communication between this city and Mobile has been re-established, via Columbia and Aiken, S. C.

SENATOBIA, March 14.

It is reported that General Shelby defeated a Yankee force near Little Rick, capturing 400 prisoners and some artillery.

FROM MISSISSIPPI.

SENATOBIA, March 14.

The cavalry raid under General Grierson has returned to Memphis, having gone no farther than Ripley. General Washburn has issued order permitting the citizens to purchase a limited amount of supplies.

FROM GEORGIA.

AUGUSTA, March 16.

One hundred and eighty thousand dollars in money and over $50,000 worth of provisions have been contributed in this city for the benefit of the Columbia sufferers.

The Georgia Legislature has passed a bill authorizing the governor to establish a line of mounted pickets to prevent the escape of slaves to the enemy at Savannah. The men are to be composed of such as arm and equip themselves.

FROM ALABAMA.

MOBILE, March 16.

No change to report in the immediate front. There is great activity among the fleet along the lower bay. All quiet with the hostile fleet and army below.

FROM FLORIDA.

AUGUSTA, March 16.

On the 6th instant the enemy, about 2,000 strong, landed on East River near Saint Mark's and burned Newport. Skirmishing continued at latest accounts. A large number of the enemy's vessels are at Spanish Hole, off Saint Mark's.

SHERIDAN GONE.

It is no longer a state secret, we believe, that General Sheridan and his raiders came within fifteen or twenty miles of the city last week, produced one of those periodical bell-ringing which only serve to alarm timid women and children, and after resting his force escaped with them to Yankee lines below Richmond. It's the same old story, and we do not care to repeat it in detail. The raiders approach the city on the west; a force is to meet them; they dodge this force, and the next thing heard of them is they have gone. The officers in command here seem to ignore the lesson of experience, or apparently prefer to give raiding parties an opportunity to escape. The only way in which these raiders can be punished is to head them off at points north and northeast of Richmond. It is useless to send troops to meet them, for they will not consent to a meeting when they can easily avoid one.

FROM THE SOUTH SIDE.

The Petersburg Express of Saturday says that the quiet on the lines in that vicinity remains unbroken. Whenever Grant moves he will find everything in readiness on our part to meet him. Our army awaits his movements with perfect confidence and will give him a reception he may not be prepared to meet. Congress passed in secret session, and the President has approved, an act entitled an act to raise coin for the propose of furnishing necessary supplies for the army.

FROM NORTH CAROLINA.

Intelligence is said to have been received there that on the 16th four divisions of Chairman's army attacked Hardee somewhere not a hundred miles from Fayetteville and were four times repulsed, with great loss, and turned from their route. There is

