SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, No. 85. April 3, 1865.

I. The Third Division, Second Corps, will be immediately put en route to rejoin its corps by the River road. The Sixth Corps will follow on the same road. Major-General Parke will designate a division of his corps to occupy Petersburg and guard the railroad depots. The Second Pennsylvania Cavalry will report to the commanding officer of this division. Major-General Parke will with the remaining divisions of his corps follow the Sixth Corps. The trains of the Second, Sixth, and Ninth Corps will be assembled in the vicinity of Petersburg, and will follow the army. Major-General Parke will order the movements of his rear divisions so as to be able to protect the trains in case of necessity. Major General G. K. Warren will take command of all the troops at City Point, Petersburg, and on the railroad. Headquarters Army of the Potomac will for the day be at or near the head of the Sixth Corps.

II. The following will be the order of march for to-morrow: The Sixth Corps will march at 5 a.m. westward upon the River road; a staff officer from these headquarters will report at that hour to Major-General Wright, commanding the corps, to lead the column. The army headquarters train will follow the Sixth Corps on the same road. The Ninth Corps will follow the army headquarters train on the River road. The supply trains of the Second, Sixth, and Ninth Corps will follow the Ninth Corps, and as closely as possible.

III. To insure an early preliminary report of the recent operations of this army commanding officers of corps and independent commanders will at once forward to these headquarters the returns of casualties in their respective commands during the actions since the 28th instant, together with statements of the number of prisoners and number of colors taken by them since the same under.

IV. Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Le Conte, medical inspector, U. S. Army, having reported for duty in obedience to paragraph 24, Special Orders, No. 126, from the Adjutant-General's Office, is announced as medical inspector for the army.

V. Upon the recommendation of the medical director, medical officers are directed not to permit the use of any building in Petersburg for hospital purposes or temporary accommodations for the sick and wounded. Should circumstances require shelter for them tents will be pitched for the purpose.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

April 3, 1865.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

GENERAL: Major-General Sheridan directs that you move your corps at once on the direct road to the bridge across Namozine Creek. Take the pontoon bridge train with you.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

