
regard to your movements for to-morrow. General Sheridan directs me to add for your information that a force of the enemy is in position this morning [evening?] on the other side of Deep Creek, and a large wagon train of theirs is reported there. General Sheridan will move early to-morrow morning with the cavalry and Fifth Corps upon the direct road from this point to the Richmond and Danville Railroad, which it intersects at a point about midway between Amelia Court-House and Burkeville.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

April 3, 1865.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

GENERAL: The Fifth Corps will march at 5 a.m. to-morrow and follow General Crook's division of cavalry. Our cavalry advance on the road to Bevill's Bridge and at Deep Creek. The bridge is down on that road and the enemy have effected the crossing. The resistance made by the enemy to our advance was very feeble. The woods are reported to be full of stragglers from the enemy, all without arms, and quite a number of the troops left of the rebels are unarmed. General Barringer, a rebel cavalry general, was captured to-day and has just been brought in.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

April 3, 1865.

The corps will move at 6 a.m. to-morrow, following the Fifth Corps, on the road we now are on, in the following order: First, Third Division, its artillery and teams; second, pontoon train; third, First Division, artillery and trains; fourth, Second Division, artillery and trains.

The Second Division will start sufficiently early to allow no gap between that and the First Division.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 3, 1865.

Brevet Major-General MILES,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: It is probable that orders to move will soon be received. General Humphreys wishes you to be notified to that effect, and alias that when we move the trains will move to the rear of the corps to be attended by a small guard.

Very respectfully,

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

