HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Sutherland's House, April 3, 1865-5.50 o'clock.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

Major-General Meade directs that when you shall have come up with General Wright you will bivouac near him, and report where your headquarters will be.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,April 3, 1865-9.15 a.m.

General PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General, City Point:

I am glad to hear that you are flooded with prisoners and hope the tide will rise still higher. General Benham and General Collis were ordered some time since with their commands to return to City Point. I presume they are now on the way.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,April 3, 1865.

DIVISION COMMANDERS:

Major-General Willcox will with his division guard Petersburg and the railroad. The Second and Third Divisions will at once prepare to march with the prescribed amount of supplies and ammunition, reporting to these headquarters as soon as preparations are completed. The chief of artillery will detail such batteries as are required for the two moving divisions, in accordance with the programme for artillery required by the Army of the Potomac in its present movement. The remaining artillery will be left with the First Division under charge of an officer of the Artillery Brigade, who will be instructed to report to Major-General Willcox. The quartermaster's, subsistence, and medical departments will make their arrangements in accordance with the foregoing. Colonel Sanders, Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, with his command will report for instructions to Major-General Willcox.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

APRIL 3, [1865]-3.10 a.m.

Major General O. B. WILLCOX,

Commanding First Division:

Your dispatch of 2.40 received. The general commanding does not desire to have your main force involved, but wishes skirmishers to be thrown forward along your line. Similar reports come from the Second Division's front.

Your obedient servant,

CHAS. G. LORING,

Brevet-Colonel.

3.15 A. M.

The explosion just noted. The general directs that skirmishers be advanced, care being taken to keep connection.

