
APRIL 3, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: We are now at Deep Creek, where Captain Martin left us. The advance, one brigade, has pushed on to force the enemy in front. They are in much force here I think. They will try to hold this creek until the army from Richmond can get out this way toward Amelia Court-House. The enemy can and will try to use both Bevill's and Goode's Bridges if their army moves toward Amelia. I hear they have been fortifying near Bevill's Bridge for some time past, using all the negroes in the country to do it. People here say we will have to go around fifteen miles to our left to get to Bevill's Bridge as Deep Creek in front is impassable. Captain Earle, acting chief commissary of subsistence, has just come in with dispatches from your headquarters, stating your headquarters will be at Mrs. Cousins' house, &amp;c. I am satisfied some of the enemy are yet north of the Appomattox; how much I don't know. The force in our front, which is a strong one, are without doubt moving toward our right, though they may have to travel that way to Amelia. My information is that they do, but they have all said they were going to Bevill's Bridge. I think there is no doubt, from what I hear, that a force of infantry pushed into Amelia Court-House would get the entire rebel army. The Appomattox is very high. The enemy are having much trouble in crossing streams in their route. The force in my front was very much stampeded to-day. The whole thing is gone up. I will operate with a view to Amelia Court-House to-morrow morning if I receive no orders. I must have rations if possible, but will, of course, in the emergency hurry through if possible. There is little or nothing in the country. I will use mills and everything else if I can find them, but the rations should be hurried up. We have captured General Barringer, of the cavalry. My headquarters to-night are at Doctor Taylor's house. I will move early in the morning toward Amelia and give you the earliest information possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

April 3, 1865.

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that [you] move your command out on the direct road to the crossing of the Namozine Creek. General Custer is now across the creek and out about eight miles, pushing on.

I am, general, very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

April 3, 1865-8 p.m.

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you march with your command at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning upon the direct

