
RICHMOND, April 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Shepley has information that several millions of dollars in gold left by railroad Saturday and Sunday for Danville. This is probably the gold from New Orleans banks and the mint.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, April 3, 1865.*

General WEITZEL,

Commanding, Richmond:

You will seize what tobacco may be within reach to sell for the purpose of feeling the poor of the city. You are appointed governor of Richmond, and in my absence will act as commander of the department in all matters which require prompt action. Let food and necessaries come to the city; register the white men; appoint a military commission for the punishment of offenses against law or order; organize a police force. Start gas and water companies, and protect all inhabitants in their property who come forward and take the oath of allegiance on due notice. By property, persons are not meant. You will not allow any taxes to be imposed or rents paid other than necessary to recognize ownership of loyal landlords. Be your own treasury agent; allow loyal men to open hotels, but not grog-shops.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 3, 1865.

Honorable GEORGE W. McLELLAN,

Second Assistant Postmaster-General,

Post-Office Department, Washington, D. C.:

I have taken possession of the Richmond post-office in the name of the Post-Office Department of the United States. I find a large quantity of U. S. property, pouches, locks, safes, &amp;c. The mails that should have left the city to-day are all here pouched and billed. I have not yet had an opportunity of conferring with the military authorities, but the provost-marshal has kindly placed a guard over the building and effects.

DAVID B. PARKER,

Special Agent Post-Office Department.

BERMUDA FRONT, April 3, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Grant's Headquarters:

COLONEL: My headquarters are with General Hartsuff. I have had no answer to my dispatch of yesterday of 3.30 p.m. General Hartsuff continued to receive instructions direct from your headquarters. Is he to be under my command, and who shall I report information direct and receive instructions from? The enemy evacuated the lines in front of us last night, and General Hartsuff is making reconnaissance beyond.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

---------------

*Another copy is dated April 4.

---------------

