
PETERSBURG, April 3, 1865.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

What do you learn of the position of the enemy in your front? If the enemy have moved try to connect pickets with the forces from Petersburg on Swift Creek. Forces have been sent from here to the north side of the Appomattox, and I suppose now are on Swift Creek.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

BERMUDA FRONT, April 3, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Grant's Headquarters:

The enemy in my front evacuated his line at 4 a.m. I moved my infantry division on to their line, and have advanced a column of about 1,200 as far as Chester Station, on the railroad. One light 12-pounder gun and several caissons with ammunition were found here. Refugees from Richmond this morning say it is evacuated; other accounts represent the enemy's line to extend from Drewry's Bluff to Chester Court-House. I have no doubt of its evacuation. I only learned positively of the evacuation of Petersburg from refugees after I reached the railroad. I have advanced thus far without any knowledge of the condition of affairs except what I have picket up, and without any instructions whatever. Would like to have gone on to Richmond, but did not feel authorized. I have directed the column at the station to await further orders there. Have picket up about fifty prisoners. I respectfully request instructions.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.

BERMUDA LINE, April 3, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

General Grant's Headquarters:

Dispatch directing me to connect pickets with troops of Swift Creek and asking information concerning enemy on my front received at headquarters. I had just sent a dispatch stating that I occupied Chester Station, on the railroad, and giving such information about enemy as I had obtained. Have waited reply to this before connecting picket-line as directed, because the station I hold is some miles in advance of what the picket-line would be when connected, and my force is so small that I would be obliged to abandon the position to make the picket connection. As the lieutenant-general did not know the picket connection was given I suppose the information I gave might make it unnecessary to make the connection. I therefore request a reply and instructions as soon as possible. The infantry division is the only movable part of this command and that not fully supplied with transportation. It is in command of Brevet Major-General Ferrero, and if ordered to move I would be either supernumerary or be left in command of the Artillery Brigade. I mention this because it is possible that General Meade may not know the organization and condition of this command, and it might influence him in any disposition he might desire to make of it or me.

G. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

