HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, March 20, 1865. (Received 11.55 p. m.)

Major-General WEBB,Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Desertes from McRae's brigade report that Johnson's and Heth's divisions are under marching orders, with two day's cooked rations from to-morrow morning, and that it is rumored that they are to go to North Carolina to re-enforce Johnston: that four trains are ready on South Side road to carry them, as is supposed; and that persons returned from North Carolina report our forces skirmishing about ten miles from Raleigh. Johnson's division [is] at the toll-gate about two and half miles from Burgees's Mill.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 20, 1865. (Received 10 a. m.)

Major-General WEBB:

Nothing new to report. The Eighteenth New Hampshire Battalion has arrived, and as soon as report of strength is received the name of another New Hampshire regiment will be submitted for consolidation.

J. G. PARKE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, March 20, 1865-7.50 p. m.

General MEADE:

Since the storm we have had a fine opportunity to observe the enemy's line. I have just returned from our line. Could discover no changes. The usual number of men were to be seen on the picket and main line, and there seems to have been no change in the number of tents visible. General Griffin reports that he is satisfied that there is no change in the enemy's [line] on his front, and that his force has not been reduced. A deserter from the Sixth Alabama, Grimes' division, came into our lines about 1 p. m. He says he came from his main line; heard of no movement of troops, excepting some artillerymen who were relieved by men from a Virginia battery. The artillerymen were sent to their regiment; the guns were left in position. His positive information, however, is confined to his own division.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, March 20, 1865.

Major-General WEBB:

Nothing of interest has occurred on my lines since last report.

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,Brigadier-General, Commanding.

