HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,April 3, 1865-7.15 a.m.

General H. W. BENHAM:

GENERAL: I am instructed to inform you that, by order of General Meade, the troops of your command are relieved from duty with this corps, and will return to their respective stations. Orders to relieve General Collis will be sent to General Griffin. The general commanding takes this occasion to compliment them upon the gallantry which they displayed in yesterday's action.

By order of General Parke:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. G. LORING,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS POST,City Point, Va., April 3, 1865.

Captain CHANNING CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The general commanding directs me to ask if the emergency which caused the First Massachusetts Cavalry to be sent to Prince George Court-House has not ceased to exist? They have been on picket six days, are entirely out of rations and forage, and their services are very much needed here.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. SCHOONMAKER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., April 3, 1865-6 p.m.

(Received 7 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I sent a scouting party of 300 men up the Valley yesterday morning. They went but little beyond Woodstock. There seems to be no doubt but that Pickett is at Staunton; at least all reports agree on this. My information is that he has about 2,500 cavalry and 10,000 infantry, and occupies Staunton and Harrisonburg. I shall send Torbert with all his cavalry, about 3,500, to Strasburg to-night.

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., April 3, 1865.

(Received 7 a.m., 4th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Have you any information which will throw any light upon the probability of a movement in the Valley? If it be true that Pickett is at Staunton, as all reports agree, it seems to me that he is thrown out to cover Lynchburg. The direction of Lee's retreat will slow something. I suppose he holds the line from Burkeville over to Lynchburg.

W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

