HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 3, 1865.

Brigadier General J. D. STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

The major-general desires you to relieve the Second [U. S.] Cavalry, Captain Norris commanding, at once, and order him to report with his regiment to Brevet Major-General Torbert, chief of cavalry. He also desires you to send at once a force of dismounted cavalry to Halltown, Charlestown, Summit Point, and Stephenson's Depot. The troops at these points will be ordered to the front to-morrow morning. The force at the Dismounted Camp is under your orders for this purpose, and the general desires you to make the river line from Knoxville to Harper's Ferry safe, and to guard the points named on the military railroad against attack from Mosby. It is reported, apparently on very reliable authority and from different sources, that Pickett is at Harrisonburg and Staunton.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 3, 1865.

General J. D. STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

Major-General Hancock directs me to say that when the troops move to the front to-morrow from Charlestonw, Summit Point, and Stephenson's that he desires you, with the dismounted cavalry and other troops at your command, to guard the railroad, so that trains can run in safety as now. He desires you to occupy the block-houses and picket the roads. Your pickets lately established on the river can be withdrawn when General Brooke withdraws his. Also to picket the river line from Point of Rocks to Harper's Ferry, as mentioned in my dispatch by orderly. Citizens will not be allowed to come to the front, except regular newspaper agents, purveyors, &amp;c.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, Md., April 3, 1865-12.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General KENLY,

Wilmington, Del.:

The steamer Sidney Jones, with Boyle, the murderer, and his accomplices, on board, left Battle Creek, in Calvert County, Md., and it is supposed will land at some point on the Eastern Shore. Direct Smith's cavalry to look out for them.

By command of Brevet Brigadier-General Morris:

GEO. H. HOOKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

