
freight cars. At 3.30 this evening General Grant, from Sutherland's Station, ten miles from Petersburg toward Burkeville, telegraphs as follows:

General Sheridan picket up 1,200 prisoners to-day, and from 300 to 500 more have been gathered by other troops. The majority of the arms that were left in the hands of the remnant of Lee's army are now scattered between Richmond and where his troops are. The country is also full of stragglers; the line of retreat marked with artillery, ammunition, burned or charred wagons, caissons, ambulances, &amp;c.

A. LINCOLN.

WILSON'S STATION, VA., April 4, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The army is pushing forward in the hope of overtaking or dispersing the remainder of Lee's army. Sheridan, with his cavalry and the Fifth Corps, is between this and the Appomattox; General Meade, with the Second and Sixth, following; General Ord is following the line of the South Side Railroad. All of the enemy that retain anything like organization have gone north of the Appomattox, and are apparently heading for Lynchburg. Their losses have been very heavy. Houses throughout the country are nearly all used as hospitals, for wounded men. In every direction I hear of rebel soldiers pushing for home, some in large, some in small squads, and generally without arms. The cavalry have pursued so closely that the enemy have been forced to destroy probably the greater part of their transportation, caissons, and munitions of war. The number of prisoners captured yesterday will exceed 2,000.

From the 28th of March to the present time our loss in killed, wounded, and captured will not probably reach 7,000, of whom from 1,500 to 2,000 were captured, and many but slightly wounded. I shall continue the pursuit as long as there appears to be any use in it.

U. S. GRANT.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 4, 1865-7.15 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I find Ord's colored division has taken the Namozine road instead of the Cox road. I have sent forward and directed the commander to take the first left-hand cross-road and get on to the Cox road again. Please sent out one of your officers to him to confirm this order. This officer should be held accountable for not knowing how to follow his own column.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL SHERIDAN, LAST NIGHT,Namozine Road, at Cousins' House, April 4, 1865-1.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I do not expect the Sixth Corps will be able to get beyond this point to-day, say fifteen miles, and hardly reach here, for the road is

35 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

