
in a terrible condition, and it has been with great difficulty that the trains of the Fifth Corps and cavalry have been able to move. Not being able to find any parallel roads I directed General Wright to let their trains precede him and to send a force, if necessary a division, to repair the road and keep them moving. The rations of the Sixth and Ninth Corps are out to-morrow. At this point there is a road which strikes the South Side Railroad near Wilson's Station-it is called the Wells road. I have ordered rations to replenish the Sixth and Ninth Corps to be brought across to-night, which they will draw to-morrow. The Second Corps left here early this morning, and as it has an unobstructed road I presume it will make a long march. It was ten miles distant when I last heard of it. I shall proceed and join General Humphreys, and will be found on the Namozine road beyond this point. I have had no report from the fort. I do not believe the trains of the Fifth and cavalry would ever have reached them but for the assistance being rendered by the Sixth.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,W. Pott's House, April 4, 1865.

Major-General MEADE:

Direct the Ninth Corps to turn to the Cox road by the first cross-road leading to it and to leave detachments of not less than one brigade at a place to protect the railroad to the rear of the army back to Sutherland's Station. I send you copy of a dispatch just received from General Sheridan.* If you can not find roads free from trains let your troops pass them and press on, making as long a march to-day as possible.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

P. S.-Willcox's division, coming up from Petersburg, will protect the road at Sutherland's Station.

U. S. G.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 4, 1865-2.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch by Captain Woolsey received. The necessary orders have been sent to General Parke, who has now one division on the Cox road guarding my supply trains. I have also directed General Wright to push ahead with his command as far to-day as is consistent with its efficiency, and if necessary turning the Fifth Corps and cavalry trains out of the road until he has passed.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

---------------

*See 12 m., p.556.

---------------

