HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Deep Run, April 4, 1865-10.45 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send you a dispatch from General Sheridan and my order predicated thereon.* General Humphreys is partly across Deep Run, within nine miles, as I understand, of Jetersville. General Humphreys reached this point between 7 and 8 p.m., where he halted, he having been since 5 a.m. endeavoring, under General Sheridan's orders, to push forward after the First Corps, but being prevented from doing so by obstacles in the form of trains, though principally by nearly the whole cavalry force cutting his column and taking the same road, interposing between him and the Fifth Corps. Having read General Sheridan's dispatch to you reporting the enemy retreating on Lynchburg and crossing the Appomattox, not hearing any guns, General Humphreys having no communication from General Sheridan urging haste, and having cavalry right in his front, I considered the emergency requiring a night march as past; and Humphreys reporting his men considerably fatigued, having been moving, working, and standing for fourteen hours, out of rations to-night, and expecting to receive them so as to be issued to-night, I did not consider it necessary to order him on as he was going into bivouac when I joined him. I have now ordered him to move at all hazards at 3 a.m. to-morrow, but if his rations can be issued to them prior to that to march so soon as issued, or if the temper of the men, on having the dispatch of General Sheridan communicated to them, leads to the belief that they will march with spirit, then to push on at once, as soon as they can be got under arms. I send you a copy of the order issued by me, and you may rest assured that every exertion will be made by myself and subordinate commanders to reach the point with the men in such condition that they may be available for immediate action. From all I can gather Humphreys has from nine to ten miles to march and Wright from twenty-one to twenty-two.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., April 4, 1865-3.40 p.m.

Major General W. T. SHERMAN:

On Sunday morning the 2nd we charged and carried the enemy's entire line south of the Appomattox, defeated and drove back Lee's army, and the same evening enveloped Petersburg from the Appomattox above to the river below. About 1 o'clock Monday morning Petersburg was evacuated and we took possession of it. At 8.15 Weitzel took possession of Richmond from his position north of the James, Jeff. Davis and his cabinet and Lee with most of his army are retreating in hot haste toward Danville. The other column is falling back on Lynchburg. We are pursuing vigorously. Our prisoners will number from 12,000 to 13,000, with several hundred pieces of artillery.

Much of the tobacco and cotton in Petersburg and Richmond was burned by the enemy. He also attempted to burn Richmond. Weitzel succeeded in putting out the fire, but not until several districts were in ruins. Everything is quiet there now, and the people receive our army with great rejoicing.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*See Sheridan to Meade, 7 p.m., p.557; also orders, Army of the Potomac, 9.30 p.m., p.549.

---------------

