
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 4, 1865-9.30 p.m.

The troops of the Second Corps and Sixth Corps will be put in motion to-morrow morning by 3 a.m. (regardless of every consideration but the one of finishing the war); will move toward Jetersville and the Danville railroad. Three days' rations for the cavalry, Fifth, Second, and Sixth Corps, together with the usual amount of ammunition for the Fifth Corps, which will answer for the whole army, and such ambulances as are with the trains, will to-morrow have the right of way, and the troops will endeavor to let them pass. All staff officers will see that all other wagons are promptly parked out of the road where they may be, on the receipt of this order. Should it be found impossible to move the supply train herein indicated, every effort will be made to supply the troops by driving beef and by packing subsistence on pack-mules. The major-general commanding impress upon all officers and men the necessity of promptitude and of undergoing the necessities and privations they are herein enjoined to. The major-general commanding feels he has but to recall to the Army of the Potomac the glorious success of the oft repeated gallant contests with the Army of Northern Virginia, and when he assures the army that, in the opinion of so distinguished an officer as General Sheridan, it only requires these sacrifices to bring this long and despare conflict to a triumphant issue, the men of this army will show that they are as willing to die of fatigue and starvation as they have ever shown themselves ready to fall by the bullets of the enemy.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Sutherland's Station, April 4, 1865-1.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

The route the major-general commanding intended to give you was due west along the Namozine road and in the direction of Old Court-House as far as the map shows. You will communicate, if possible, with General Sheridan in case he has given your orders, and state to him that the above would be the route given you had you been under the orders of General Meade. Lieutenant Lydecker reports that General Sheridan stated that you were to receive orders from General Meade to-morrow. If you have received no orders you will proceed in the direction indicated above. Your supply trains with three days' rations start for you at 3 a.m. to-day.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-The order of the lieutenant-general commanding is inclosed.* You will please report to major-general commanding the route prescribed by General Sheridan in case you shall have received orders previous to the receipt of this. A brigade of the Second Division of your corps is now guarding the cavalry train at Sutherland's Station. Please confer with General Sheridan and see whether or not this guard can rejoin its command.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See Parker to Humphreys, April 3, p.513.

---------------

