
Namozine and Wells roads you will find a train to-night up from the Cox road with the four days' rations for General Wright and for your command. You will issue to your men sufficient to make up your four days on the person.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 4, 1865-2.15 p.m.

Major-General PARKE:

General Meade directs that you take the first cross-road to the Cox road. Do not pass the Sixth Corps. Guard the South Side Railroad as far as the rear of the army back to Sutherland's Station. Leave detachments of not less than one brigade at each post. Use the division now with the trains on Cox's road for this purpose as far as possible. General Willcox will protect the road at Sutherland's Station. When he comes up you will use his division to extend out.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

E. A. PUCKETT'S SIXTEEN MILES FROM PETERSBURG,

April 4, 1865-7.45 p.m.

Major-General 	WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

I received your dispatch of 2.15 p.m. by Captain Emory, at J. J. Scott's and Doctor Brander's on Namozine road. The column at once took the cross-road to Cox's road, striking it near E. A. Puckett's.

Finding the trains in motion the columns was halted until I could learn the position of Hartranft's brigades. Finding that he had not yet come up orders were given him to halt one brigade at 7 [at] Browder's crossing of railroad, and the other brigade at Mrs. Crowder's, forks of Ford's road and Cox's road. I directed Griffin to halt one brigade to move on with the rear of the train as far as Ford's Depot. Instructions were given to picket the line of the railway, establishing strong guard at all roads approaching the railway. Should the trains move beyond Ford's Depot I have directed the last-named brigade to move with them until they go into park and then guard them in addition to picketing the line of railway. While on my way to Cox's road I received your dispatch [of] 2 p.m., by an orderly, directing me to close well up on General Wright's trains, and to draw rations from a train at the junction of Namozine and Wells roads. This dispatch of 2 p.m. I considered as revoked by the one of 2.15 p.m., and have acted accordingly so far the position of the troops is concerned. I have directed the issue of rations sufficient to make four days on the person. Major Pell will remain with you and bring back any further orders or instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

