SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 66. April 4, 1865.

I. Colonel Sam. Harriman will at once encamp his brigade inside the old line of rebel works, but outside the town, between the Jerusalem and Boydton plank roads, and guard all the approaches to the town between and including those roads.

II. Colonel Bintliff will at once encamp his brigade inside the old line of rebel works. His line of defense will connect with Colonel Harrisman's right and extend to the Appomattox, guarding all the approaches to the city on his front, especially the South Side Railroad, and be prepared to guard that road as it advances westward.

III. Colonel Ely will remain in command of the city. He will withdraw his available force from the outer line and put them in camp inside the troops of the other brigades in such a manner that it can be rapidly concentrated to the support of either. In all matters pertaining to the government of the city Colonel Ely will report direct to Major-General Warren. One regiment of his command will picket and guard the bridges on the Appomattox and the approaches thereto.

* * * * * *

By command of Bvt. Major General O. B. Willcox:

WM. V. RICHARDS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

April 4, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: General Merritt encamped last night at Deep Creek. He met there a strong force of infantry. There is a large train on the west side of the creek. Everything was in confusion yesterday, the enemy moving to the north side of the Appomattox, as if ignorant of the evacuation of Richmond. If we press on we will no doubt get the whole army. I will make for a point on the railroad intermediate between Amelia Court-House and Burkeville. General Crook will cover General Ord's front. Major Young, of my scouts, captured General Barringer yesterday. The River road is had no bridges over creeks.

Respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

April 4, 1865-12 m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: General Merritt reports that the force of the enemy in his front have all crossed to the north side of the Appomattox River, and from the best information he can obtain General Merritt is of the opinion that the enemy is retreating toward Lynchburg. Generals Crook has

