
no doubt reached the Danville railroad before this, and I am now moving out the Fifth Corps from Deep Creek as rapidly as possible in the direction of Amelia Court-House.

Very respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

The number of prisoners captured yesterday will be nearly 2,000.

WILSON'S STATION, April 4, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

An engineer from the South Side Railroad is just in from Burkeville. He reports that Davis and cabinet passed there about 3 a.m. yesterday, going south. There was no accumulation of supplies there except two train loads, which had been cut off from Petersburg. These were run up the road to Farmville. It was understood that Lee was accompanying his troops and that he was bound for Danville by way of Farmville. Unless you have information more positive of the movements of the enemy push on with all dispatch to Farmville and try to intercept the enemy there. I will push two divisions of Ord's troops as far toward Burkeville to-morrow as possible. If you have not already done so send some cavalry over to him. It will be highly essential when he reaches Burkeville to throw down the Danville road and out toward the Farmville and Danville pike.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 4, 1865-2.45 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

Will you let me know to what point you are moving and by what roads? This is necessary for me to determine my own orders for my command.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Jetersville, April 4, 1865-7 p.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The rebel army is in my front, three miles distant, with all its trains. If the Sixth Corps can hurry up we will have sufficient strength. I will hold my ground unless I am driven from it. I understand that Humphreys is just after the Fifth Army Corps. My men are out of rations and some wagons should follow quickly after the Fifth Corps. Please notify General Grant.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - The enemy are moving from Amelia Court-House, via Jetersville and Burke's Station, to Danville. Jeff. Davis passed over this railroad yesterday to Danville.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

