HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 4, 1865.

Major General PHILIP SHERIDAN:

Unless you have information concerning the position of the enemy which renders it proper for me to send Humphreys by the Jetersville road I will move by Old Court-House road direct to Farmville. If you have any information concerning the roads or any guides you can spare me I will be glad to have them.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Deep Run, April 4, 1865-11 p.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

Your dispatch by Colonel Newhall received. I send you my order* and my dispatch+ to Lieutenant-General Grant. These will explain themselves and save repetition. The Second and Sixth Corps shall be with you as soon as possible. In the meantime your wishes or suggestions as to any movement other than the simple one of overtaking you will be promptly acceded to by me, regardless of any other consideration than the vital one of destroying the Army of Northern Virginia which I judge from your dispatch you consider as practicable.

GEO. G. MEADE.

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Jetersville, April 4, 1865.

The troops of this command must be under arms at 4 o'clock to-morrow morning, and it is especially enjoined that they be kept on the alert during the night.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

APRIL 4, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I find our infantry on the road to my left, after turning, as directed to move to General Crook's front and right. If I was opposed, and found resistance in crossing, I can cross at Deep Run, where I was, and will do so with my whole command, as I think it the best thing I can do. The crossing is bad, but the only ford on the creek, so the people say. I will move toward Amelia Court-House if what is developed on the other side Deep Creek does not lead me to move toward Bevill's Bridge. I think the enemy has gone to Amelia Court-House. If this movement is not in accordance with the general's desire let me know. I will send Mackenzie to General Crook as soon as I get in striking distance of him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.

---------------

*See orders, 9.30 p.m., p. 549.

+See Meade to Grant, 10.45 p.m., p. 547.

---------------

