
stant demonstrations without pushing them too hard, merely holding them, in fact, while we make other arrangements here. The general orders that you take the shortest and most practicable route to this point. It is important that you should be here early in the morning. The whole rebel army, trains, artillery, &amp;c., are now in the immediate vicinity of Amelia Court-House, and were trying to make their way to Danville via this point and Burkeville. They evidently supposed from your and Mackenzie's attack to-day that you were the advance of our army, and we were moving up in your rear. They had no idea that we would strike this point, and are evidently surprised. Telegraphic dispatches from General Lee's chief quartermaster and commissary of subsistence ordering 200,000 rations and forage, were captured here this evening. I think we have received all of your dispatches of to-day. Some of your men were here. I will keep the colored boy for you; also the sergeant.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

On the Road to Jetersville, April 4, 1865

Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Cavalry:

Move up to Jetersville. I am making for that point. Send a party to the Junction.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Near Jetersville, Va., April 4, 1865-8.45 p.m.

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you make a detail of 100 well mounted men, with a proper complement of commissioned officers, to proceed at once to Jennings' Ordinary, and thoroughly destroy the Richmond and Danville Railroad from that point toward Burkeville Junction; they will destroy to the Junction, if possible. On the completion of this important charge they can rejoin their command at their leisure. You will direct the commanding officers of these troops to obey all orders given them by Captain George F. Holman, acting aide-de-camp at these headquarters, who will accompany the expedition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION.

Captain BAKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I am at present at Five Forks. Have had a slight skirmish. Have heard from many sources that there is a large force of infantry at Amelia Court-House. As I have only about 1,100 men with

36 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

