
me I have not deemed it proper to attack until I heard from either General Crook or yourself. If I do not hear from you before dark i shall retire some little distance to go into camp. I learned from a deserter belonging to Mahone's division that a large part of the rebel army is in the immediate vicinity of Amelia Court-House. Please let me hear from you as soon as possible of your own position, that of General Devin, and that of the infantry.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. MACKENZIE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 4, 1865-6.45 a.m.

Major-General WARREN,

City Point or Petersburg:

Willcox's division will be relieved by troops of General Weitzel. On being relieved General Willcox will be moved to Sutherland' Station, and will take charge of and guard the South Side Railroad from Petersburg to the rear of the army.

GEO. G. MEADE,

(Copy to General Willcox.)

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF PETERSBURG, VA., Numbers 1. Petersburg, April 4, 1865.

In pursuance of Special Orders, Numbers 85, dated April 3, headquarters Army of the Potomac, of which the following is a copy-

Major General G. K. Warren will take command of all the troops at City Point, Petersburg, and on the South Side Railroad-

the undersigned assumes command. Headquarters will be till further orders with Major-General Willcox at the corner of Washington and Adams streets, in Petersburg. My aides are Major E. B. Cope and Captain James W. Wadsworth.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEFENSES OF PETERSBURG, VA., Numbers 2. April 4, 1865.

1. Major-General Benham is assigned to the command of the defenses at City Point and the protection of the railroad between that place and Petersburg. He will send one-half the cavalry force of his command to report to these headquarters, including in this apportionment that part of his cavalry already with General Willcox, which has already reported.

2. Major-General Willcox will detail a brigade to guard the town and the north side of the Appomattox the commander of which will be the governor of the city, and in all matters relating to the government of the city will be under the orders directly of these headquarters, but will make the usual reports and returns and requisitions to his division headquarters.

