HDQRS. ENGINEER Brigadier AND DEFENSES OF CITY POINT,April 4, 1865.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Petersburg:

Colonel Brainerd, with the engineers, returned this afternoon. After consultation with Colonel Bowers yesterday and before I received any dispatch from you, I ordered in the First Massachusetts Cavalry to General Patrick, except one company ordered to keep five men out on each of the two roads beyond Bailey's Creek for two or three miles, and five at the creek. If you deem it necessary to keep the vedette line up from the Blackwater to James River some 200 more cavalry than I new have will be required. I have withdrawn the few in front or west. Do you deem these to be needed?

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

PETERSBURG, April 4, 1865.

General BENHAM:

In reply to your telegram, the general commanding desires that you make what disposition you think necessary in regard to that portion of the line from which the vedettes have been withdrawn. If you think the lines should be continuous, and have not troops enough to do it, he will send you more if it is possible to spare them.

By command of Major-General Warren:

E. B. COPE,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. ENGINEER Brigadier AND DEFENSES OF CITY POINT,April 4, 1865-9.30 a.m.

Major-General BARNARD,

Chief Engineer, General Grant's Headquarters:

In accordance with the approval of General Grant I last evening sent a bridge raft for 1,200 feet up to Richmond, and if not delayed by torpedoes, or the fear of them, it should be there early this morning. Do you think it expedient to bring down to this place any more of the siege material lately called for?

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

WILSON'S STATION, April 4, 1865.

Brigadier General H. W. BENHAM:

It will be necessary to get any more siege materials. The pontoon materials may perhaps be reduced, but I have a copy before me of the requisition. It is only necessary to keep the present trains in good condition. Lieutenant-General Grant has been informed concerning the bridge equipage sent to Richmond.

J. G. BARNARD,

Brevet Major-General.

