HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,April 4, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL:

Send troops and a suitable commander for the city of Petersburg to relieve the troops now there. I think you had better send Hartsuff for this duty.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SUTHERLAND'S STATION, April 4, 1865

Major-General WEITZEL,

Richmond, Va.:

Arrest all editors and proprietors of Richmond papers still remaining in the city and send them to Fort Monroe for confinement, subject to my orders. Do not let your intention get out, but give this job to the provost-marshal, with instructions to be quiet about it and not to let the escape if they still remain in town.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,April 4, 1865.

General WEITZEL,

Commanding, Richmond:

Relieve the garrison at City Point with a large brigade of your forces, and direct the commander of the troops relieved to report for	orders by telegraph to General Meade. General Ludlow and the garrison at Williamsburg will be withdrawn from that place. Assign the general to a brigade of your corps. The Fifth Massachusetts Cavalry, Colonel Adams, will be sent to Petersburg, the commander to report for orders to General Hartsuff. The depots on the James and Appomattox, now unnecessary to supply the army, except City Point, will be broken up. Material and troops there will be taken to Richmond. Notify General Gordon of the withdrawal of the garrison of Williamsburg and its being ordered to report to you. Keep as few troops in the city as possible. General Devens' and General Kautz's divisions will be placed in camps out of town and held in readiness for the field. Acknowledge the receipt of this dispatch, and telegraph me when you hear from Colonel Sumner.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, April 4, 1865

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Your dispatch in relation to City Point, Williamsburg and Richmond, and other matters received. Orders are being issued to carry out your instructions.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

