HDQRS. DEFENSES OF BERMUDA HUNDRED, VA.,April 4, 1865.

General WEITZEL:

I have just heard that telegraph communication is open with Richmond. I congratulate you on being the first to enter. I occupy Chester Station with 1,200 men. Don't you want me for military commandant? Nothing to do, and no necessity for me here now. Can't you suggest it to General Grant?

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

You will move with as little delay as possible with your command and occupy Petersburg, relieving the troops now there. Leave small garrisons in the detached redoubts on Bermuda Hundred to protect the hospital.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

APRIL 4, 1865-9 p.m.

General WEITZEL,

Commanding:

One brigade of my command will occupy Petersburg to-night, relieving the troops now there. Another will follow to-morrow. I will go to-morrow. Was at Fort Darling when your dispatch arrived, and did not return till after dark. The whole command could go to-night, but a portion is at Chester Station, and has been engaged all day in reconnoitering. I will leave the Artillery Brigade of the command here as garrisons for the outposts until further instructions. Who am I to report to direct from Petersburg? Would be much obliged to General Shepley if he would send me copies of his orders, he having had much experience in such commands. Please ask him to do so.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

HATCHER'S FARM, April 4, 1865

Major-General WEITZEL:

In the absence of General Hartsuff at the front I have ordered the infantry command in readiness to move, awaiting the return of the general. I would state that one of my brigades is stationed at Chester Depot, and that I ordered a reconnaissance in the direction of Chesterfield Court-House to cover a small party I sent out to the coal mines to bring three engines which have been reported to be there in good condition having captured the engineers themselves, they also having volunteered to bring them in.

E. FERRERO,

Brevet Major-General.

