HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 4, 1865.

General FESSENDEN,

Commanding Post:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your brigade up the Valley pike to the entrenched line on the Opequon and camp for the night. It is not essential that you should occupy the line, so that you are in the vicinity where you can easily reach it should the enemy drive in our cavalry. You can camp between Kernstown and the line if it gets dark before you are able to get up.

Your commissary must necessarily stay here for a day or two, but will be sent to you at once in case of further movement. Meanwhile some regimental quartermaster must perform the duties of acting commissary of subsistence for your brigade.

The general wishes you to leave your provost guards in town until the arrival of the troops of the First Corps, when the guards will be relieved and ordered to join your command.

Respectfully,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 5, 1865.

(Received 11.55 p.m.)

Honorable SECRETARY OF STATE:

Yours of to-day received. I think there is no probability of my remaining here more than two days longer. If that is too long come down. I passed last night at Richmond and have just returned.

A. LINCOLN.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Nottoway Court-House, Va., April 5, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Last night General Sheridan was on the Danville railroad south of Amelia Court-House and sent word to General Meade, who was following with the Second and Sixth Corps by what is known as the River road, that if the troops could be got up in time he had hopes of capturing or dispersing the whole of Lee's army. I am moving with the left wing, commanded by General Ord, by the Cox or direct Burkeville road. We will be to-night in or near Burkeville. I have had no communication with Sheridan or Meade to-day, but hope to hear very soon that they have come up with and captured or broken up the balance of the Army of Northern Virginia. In every direction we hear of the men of that army going home, generally without arms.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

NOTTOWAY COURT-HOUSE, April 5, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Washington:

The following dispatch is just received from General Sheridan. General Meade was following the same road pursued by Sheridan, and

