
Lieutenant Dunn, of my staff, who brought the dispatch, me the Second Corps within five miles of Amelia. General Ord will push forward by Burkeville, and endeavor to intercept the outlet south:

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Jetersville, April 5, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: The whole of Lee's army is at or near Amelia Court-House and on this side of it. General Davies, whom I sent out to Paineville on their right flank, has just captured six pieces of artillery and some wagons. We can capture the Army of Northern Virginia if force enough can be thrown to this point, and then advance upon it. My cavalry was at Burkeville yesterday, and six miles beyond on the Danville road last night. Lee is at Amelia Court-House in person. They are out, or nearly out of rations. They were advancing up the railroad toward Burkeville yesterday when we intercepted them at this point.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

JUNCTION SOUTH SIDE AND DANVILLE RAILROADS,

Burkeville, April 5, 1865-10 p.m.

(Received 11.30 a.m. 6th.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

Lieutenant-General Grant received the following dispatch* at 6.30 p.m. to-day while on his way to this point and at once proceeded to General Sheridan's headquarters. General Grant directed me to transmit the dispatch to you on the opening of the telegraph office at this place and to say that the Sixth Corps without doubt reached General Sheridan's position within an hour or two after the dispatch was written. Two divisions of the Twenty-fourth Corps will encamp here to-night and one division of the Twenty-fifth Corps at Blacks and Whites Station, South Side Railroad.

S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 5, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

It is desirable that all letters, papers, and correspondence, private or public found at Richmond, in the post-office or elsewhere, should be immediately sent to Mr. Seward by special messenger. I have ordered Weitzel to do so, but if you can spare an intelligent and trusty officer to see that it is done please give the order. I would greatly prefer some other person than Shepley for military governor. Please remove him immediately and appoint some good man of your own selection, who has not been connected with Butler's administration. Had not Weitzel better have duty elsewhere than Richmond?

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See Sheridan to Grant, 3 p.m. p. 582.

---------------

