
AIKEN'S LANDING, April 5, 1865-11.30 a.m.

(Received 2 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Little is known at City Point. Few officers left, and those overwhelmed with work. Lee telegraphed Jeff. Davis 3 p. m. Sunday that he was driven back and must evacuate. This was announced in church. Jeff. Davis had sold his furniture previously at auction and was ready to leave. All leading men got away that evening. Rebel iron-clads were explodell. Virginia lies sunk in James River above obstructions. Ewell set city on fire. All business portion of Main street to the river destroyed. Bridges across river also destroyed. Many families remain. Mrs. Lee remains. At Petersburg public stores were burned and a few houses caught fire, but not much damage was done to the city. Bridges there also destroyed. Will report fully from Richmond. Cannot get clear idea of our loss. The only general killed is Winthrop. Potter dangerously wounded in groin. General Grant has commanded armies in person since beginning of operations, having got disgusted with General Meade's sticking about his own dignity. General Grant relieved Warren from Fifth Corps Sunday for disaster of Friday. Griffin commands that corps. Warren commands defenses of Petersburg. Headquarters will be moved to Richmond* to-morrow. Weitzel has appointed Shepley governor of Richmond. Have not seen the President. He went to Richmond yesterday morning. Weather fine.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., April 5, 1865-4 p.m.

(Received 8.25 p.m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Weitzel learned at 3 a.m. on Monday that Richmond was being evacuated, and at daylight moved forward, first taking care to give his men breakfast, in the expectation they might have to fight. He met no opposition, and on entering the city was greeted with hearty welcome from the mass of the people. The mayor went out to meet him to surrender the city, but missed him in the road. General Weitzel finds much suffering and poverty among the population. The rich as well as the poor are destitute of food. He is about to issue supplies to all who take the oath. The inhabitants, now number about 20,000 half of them of African descent. It is not true that Jeff. Davis sold his furniture before leaving. It is all in his house, where I am now writing. He left at 7 p.m. Sunday by the Danville railroad. All the members of Congress escaped. Hunter has gone home. Governor Smith went with the army. Judge Campbell remains here. Weitzel took here 1,000 prisoners, besides wounded. These number 5,000 in nine hospitals; captured cannon, number at least 500 pieces; 5,000 muskets have been found in one lot; 30 locomotives and 300 cars are found here. The Petersburg railroad bridge is totally destroyed; that of Danville road partially, so that connection with Petersburg can easily be made in that way. All rebel vessels are destroyed except an unfinished

---------------

*Another copy says Petersburg.

---------------

