
ram, which has her machinery in her perfect. Tredegar works are unharmed and machinery is running there to-day under Weitzel's orders. Libby Prison and Castle Thunder have also escaped the fire and are filled with rebel prisoners of war. Most editors have fled, especially John Mitchell. Whig appeared yesterday as Union paper, with name of its former proprietor at head. Theater opens here to-night. Weitzel describes the reception of the President yesterday as enthusiastic in the extreme.

C. A. DANA.

WASHINGTON, April 5, 1865-9.30 p.m.

ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond:

Your telegram from Richmond received. I have directed Weitzel to secure all the letters, papers, and correspondence in the post-office and other departments at Richmond and transmit them to Secretary of State. Secretary of State was badly hurt this evening by a fall from his carriage. You will see Weitzel and take charge of the papers and transmit them to this Department. It is reported [sic] such directions to Weitzel and other officers as may be required for the purpose. Telegraph all the information you can get as to affairs at Richmond and elsewhere.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., April 5, 1865-4 p.m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Judge Campbell and Mr. Meyer had an interview with the President here this morning to consider how Virginia can be brought back to the Union. All they ask is an amnesty and a military convention, to cover appearances. Slavery they admit to be defunct. General Weitzel, who was present, tells me that the President did not promise the amnesty but told them he had the pardoning power, and would save any repentant sinner from hanging. They propose to send for Hunter, and are sure if amnesty could be offered the rebel army would dissolve and all the States return. The President went to City Point this morning, and I have not been able to see him.

C. A. DANA.

WILSON'S STATION, April 5, 1865-4 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

Your note of 10.45 p.m. last night and order for movement this morning is received. The note alluded to from General Sheridan is not among the papers. Its purport, however, I suppose I get from Major Jay, and from the tenor of your note and orders. I do not see that great efforts can be made than you are making to get up with the enemy. We want to reach the remnant of Lee's army wherever it may be found by the shortest and most practicable route. That your order

