
provides for and has my hearty approval. Ord will make a forced march with Gibbon's two division, and will come near reaching Burkeville.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC

Deep Run, April 5, 1865-8.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Humphreys moved between I and 2 o'clock this morning without rations. After proceeding about two miles he found the cavalry again occupying the road. Being thus detained, he had his rations brought up and distributed, and moved on again between 7 and 8 o'clock. Wright reached this point by 7 a.m. without having received his rations. I have directed three days' to be issued to him from the Fifth Corps train, which is here. Wright will move on as soon as his rations are issued. I send copy* of dispatch from General Sheridan, which should have been inclosed in my dispatch of 2 a.m. Sheridan moving his command would indicate the situation of affairs at Jetersville changed. I have sent forward to inquire, and if it is not necessary to go to Jetersville I will move on the most direct road to Farmville.

GEO. G. MEADE.

NOTTOWAY COURT-HOUSE, April 5, 1865-5.10 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

Your dispatch of 8.30 a.m. received. Your movements are right. Lee's army is the objective point, and to captured that is wall we want. Ord has marched fifteen miles to-day to reach here and is going on. He will probably reach Burkeville to-night. My headquarters will be with the advance.

U. S. GRANT,Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 5, 1865-8 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

I reached this point in advance of the Second Corps at 2 p.m.; the Second Corps reached here at 3.30. The Sixth Corps could not get here until about 6 p.m. The Second Corps arrived here in time to take position on the right and left of the Fifth Corps, found entrenched to meet an anticipated attack by the enemy. Owing to the late arrival of the Sixth Corps I was unable to attack to-night, but I will do so with the three corps in conjunction with General Sheridan at 6 a.m. to-morrow.

GEO. G. MEADE,

---------------

*See Sheridan to Meade, April 4, 7 p.m. p. 557.

---------------

