
APRIL 5, 1865-10.30 p.m. (Received 11.30 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE:

I have just arrived here, having left the headquarters of General Ord's column at about 7.30 p.m. some four miles west of Nottoway. He will reach Burkeville to-night after a march of about twenty-eight miles to-day. Ord's orders now are to move west at 8 a.m., and

take up a position to watch all the roads leading south, crossing between Burkeville and Farmville. Your orders for to-morrow morning will hold in the absence of others. It is my impression, however, that Lee will retreat during the night, and, if so, we will pursue with vigor. I would go over to see you this evening, but it is late, and I have rode a long distance to-day.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 5, 1865-11.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch of 10.30 received. I send you copy of dispatch forwarded to you at 8 p.m.*

Respectfully,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 5, 1865.

1. Subsistence stores and forage will be furnished the Sixth Corps from the Fifth Corps train, the amount taken to be returned from the Sixth Corps train when it reaches this point.

2. Major-General Wright, after receiving these supplies will push forward after the Second Corps, taking with him his train, including the subsistence train now coming up.

3. After Major-General Wright has passed this point with his train, as above indicated, the train now parked here will be pushed forward after the Fifth Corps.

4. Major-General Wright will detail a brigade, which, together with the brigade of the Second Corps now with the cavalry train, will act as escort and guard to the rear train and assist in getting them on. The senior officer will take command of the whole.

By order of Major-General Meade:

ALEX. S. WEBB.

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Camp near Jetersville, April 5, 1865-7 p.m.

At 6 a.m. to-morrow the Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps will advance on the enemy at Amelia Court-House and will attack him vigorously if found in position. The Fifth Corps will advance along the railroad, the

---------------

*See p. 576.

---------------

37 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

