
Second Corps on the left or west side, and the Sixth Corps on the right or east side. Corps commanders will adopt such organizations in the advance as will insure prompt deployment on meeting the enemy. An engineer officer will be detailed to accompany each corps.

By order of Major-General Meade:

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General, and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,April 5, 1865-3.20 a.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: At cross-roads, one and a half miles from Deep Run, I have met two divisions of cavalry going the same road that I am to take.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

NOTE. - Substance of a report General Humphreys desires me to make to General Meade.

H. H. HUMPHREYS,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 5, 1865. - 4.30. a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Dispatch by Lieutenant Humphreys received. Issue your rations (which I have been told are close up) and move on as soon as the road is clear.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

April 5, 1865.

This corps will move at 6 a.m. to-morrow to Amelia Court-House. The Second Division will move on the left or west side of the railroad and parallel with it, about 1,000 yards from the railroad, giving room for a part of Second Brigade, of Fifth Corps, and be prepared to form a line of battle with a front of two brigades and one brigade in reserve. The First Division will move on left of the Second at a distance from it equal to the front of two brigades, and be prepared to form line of battle of three brigades, the other brigade to be in reserve. The Third Division will move in rear of the First. A strong skirmish line with heavy supports will be thrown forward from the First and Second Divisions, and keep at least 1,200 yards in advance, those of the Second Division, connecting on right with Fifth Corps. The First Division will keep out flankers to about the same distance. Also Third Division, which will besides furnish a rear guard. The batteries will follow the division to which they have been assigned. The rest of the train, ambulances, &amp;c., will follow the Third Division.

