
information of the general commanding. These are 1,323 dismounted men of the command, 2, 161 unserviceable horses, making the total of horses needed to mount the command effectively 3,484. There are 427 men without arms. The number of unserviceable horses, I think, can be reduced by a close inspection, which I will have to-morrow.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.

WHITE HOUSE, March 20, 1865.

Colonel J. Q. ANDERSON,

Seventeenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Remount Camp, Pleasant Valley, or Wichester, Va.:

You will at once join this command at the White House. General Sheridan also wishes you to order all line and regimental officers belonging to the cavalry here to join at once with you. Use the authority of General Sheridan or my own in carrying out his order. Captains McCann and Hull, assistant quartermaster, also Captain King, quartermaster First Division, Lieutenant-Colonel Scott, Captain Britton, First New York Dragoons, Lieutenant Dean, Captain Bean, provost-marshal, and all other officers will join. See to it.

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., March 20, 1865-2 p.m .

Major-General HANCOCK:

Order Colonel Kellogg, chief commissary, Colonel Newhall, assistant adjutant-general, and Surgeon Ghiselin to City Point immediately, to report to General Sheridan. These officers should start so as to take to-morrow's boat from Baltimore or Washington.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 20, 1865-4.30 p. m. (Received 8.40 p. m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

Is the Fifth Massachusetts Colored Cavalry longer needed at Point Lookout? If not, send it to the Army of the James.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SUMMIT POINT, March 20, 1865.

Colonel D. S. WALKER:

Regiment sent on reconnaissance has just returned. Reports no enemy to the found this side of Shenandoah. Will forward written report as soon as possible.

E. P. DAVIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

(Copy forwarded to Major-General Hancock at 6.55 p. m.)

