
behind, has not been heard from though I have advices from three or four miles to the rear. Both trains will be left to come up with the Fifth Corps trains parked here. The brigade will be left as guard, as originally designed.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,April 5, 1865-4 p.m.

Major-General WEBB:

Your dispatch of 2.10 p.m. is just received. I struck the rear of the Second Corps some time since about one mile after turning off from the Burkeville road, and am now waiting for it to move on. Shall move with it. Is it the wish of the major-general commanding that I shall still give the way to the trains that preceded me, or shall I pass them with my infantry and artillery?

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 5, 1865-6.10 p.m.

Major-General WRIGHT:

The general commanding wishes you to bring up the infantry and artillery, taking precedence of all trains. Staff officers will direct you to your position on right of line, where you will mass.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,

April 5, 1865.

At 6 o'clock a.m. to-morrow the Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps are to advance on the enemy at Amelia Court-House, and attack him vigorously if found in position. The Fifth Corps is to advance along the railroad, the Second Corps on the left or west side, and the Sixth Corps on the right or east side.

The Second and Third Divisions of this corps, deployed as at present in two lines, will advance from their present position by the right of regiments or battalions to the front and proceed in this formation until it becomes proper to resume the formation of line of battle. The extreme left regiment will be that of direction, and the commanding officer of this will carefully preserve his original distance from the right of the Fifth Corps, while all other regimental commanders will as carefully preserve their distances and keep the heads of their regiments well up to the front. Should it be necessary for any regiments to incline to the right or left, in order to avoid bad ground or any other obstacle, the original formation will be resumed as soon as possible.

The First Division will be held in reserve and will follow in rear of the Second Division at a distance of at least 300 yards, in such forma-

