
tion as its commanding officer may find most convenient, the troops being kept well in hand and ready for any movement that may be ordered.

The chief of artillery will return to each division the battery hitherto assigned to it. The other batteries will follow the troops to the left of the First Division, opposite to the center of the line.

The troops must be in perfect readiness to advance promptly at the hour designated above in conjunction with the Fifth Corps.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,

Petersburg, Va., April 5, 1865.

This command will pack up and be ready to move at a moment's notice. As soon as the pickets are relieved by the troops of General Ferrero brigade commanders will at once take up their line of march to Sutherland's Station, on the South Side Railroad, ten miles from Petersburg. The line of march will be upon the Cox road. As soon as thy arrive at the station they will select suitable camps and encamp their troops immediately, putting out pickets in all directions and guarding the approaches to their camps. This movement will commence without any further orders from these headquarters.

By command of Bvt. Major General O. B. Willcox:

WM. V. RICHARDS.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,April 5, 1865.

Lieutenant-General LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to inform you that my line is now fully established. The left connects with colored troops. At the run, about one quarter of a mile this side of Sutherland's a strong picket has been posted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. F. HARTRANFT

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 5, 1865-4.30 a.m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

I inclose report of Major-General Humphreys.* If you wish the infantry to-day at Jetersville you will have to send back and clear the road of the cavalry. General Humphreys hopes to issue rations during this delay, but is ready to move on as soon as the road is clear.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Humphreys to Meade, 3.20 a.m., p. 578.

---------------

