
which I recaptured after a part of the Ninth Corps had been driven back, I presume are accounted for amongst the captures by the Ninth Corps. I captured a set of colors abandoned by a regiment of the Ninth Corps.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES H. T. COLLIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,TROOPS TEMPORARILY ATTACHED,

Richmond, Va., April 5, 1865.

Captain ANGEL,

Chief of Artillery:

CAPTAIN: The general commanding directs me to say that if you are attacked that you will order the caissons and horses to the other side of the river. The fort should be held against any one force of cavalry the enemy might bring against it. If you have not infantry sufficient you will please report what are needed to hold the place at all hazards. It would seem that with the artillery and the infantry support that they would be able to repulse any attack which the enemy might direct against it. The commanding officer of the fort will place infantry, and vedettes at a suitable distance in front and around, so that the officer in command may be notified of any approach of the enemy in time to have the artillery and troops to repulse any attack that the enemy may be disposed to make.

It has been reported that the enemy intend with their cavalry to make an attack upon the detached works.

Commanding officers will be held responsible that these works are well defended, and if an attack is made the enemy are repulsed. They will use the utmost vigilance that our forces are not surprised.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. HOOKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN VIRGINIA,Norfolk, Va., April 5, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Headquarters Army of the James, near Richmond, Va.:

Have just received following telegram from commanding officer at Suffolk: Two deserters (naval officers) just come in. Left Weldon Sunday morning report 600 Confederate soldiers between Boykin's Depot and Weldon. Passed Union forces early Monday morning at Boykin's Depot, infantry and cavalry; were driving the enemy toward Weldon.

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST NEW YORK MOUNTED RIFLES,Murfreesborough, N. C., April 5, 1865.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Army of the James:

I returned to this place to-day. Have not been able to reach the Weldon railroad. There was a force at Weldon and one in my rear down the Seaboard road. The latter came up on the cars and attacked me while

