
WINCHESTER, VA., April 5, 1865

(Received 6 p.m.) ;

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I have taken all the train of the Second Division, Nineteenth Corps, except fifty-nine wagons without animals, the horses having been taken by General Sheridan to mount cavalry. There are twenty-seven ambulances left without animals. Twenty-five more can be supplied by the quartermaster, but without animals. I have also taken eighty wagons of the cavalry train left in Pleasant Valley, and still require about twenty-five to fit out my command with eight days' rations. My command could not, of course, be in any condition to move without transportation. Some 12,000 or 14,000 troops have been supplied. The basis is the transportation order of the War Department, the allowance of that order being cut down.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 160. Washington, April 5, 1865.

* * * * *

19. Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel A. N. Dougherty, surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby relieved from duty with the First Army Corps, and will report in person without delay to the commanding general Department of West Virginia for duty as medical director of that department.

* * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

POINT LOOKOUT, April 5, 1865-7 p.m.

Colonel KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

All quiet. The following dispatch was received here to-day from Baltimore:

Steamer Harriet De Ford was captured by rebels last evening about fifty miles down the river from this city, or in Herring Bay. Look out for her.

WM. H. WIEGEL,

Acting Provost-Marshal.

I have had information that another boat was also captured on the bay. The gun boats, I understand, are searching for them. Herrin Bay is the point to which some time ago I called your attention.

JAMES BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding

ANNAPOLIS, April 5, 1865.

(Received 9.20 a.m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.:

Steamer Harriet De Ford was captured at Fair Haven, in Chesapeake Bay, thirty miles below here, at 2 o'clock this morning by a rebel party

