
yesterday was accidentally picked up by an officer.* I do not think that much of value will be discovered. I propose to return to Washington at once unless you direct otherwise. I find that Breckinridge left here only about half an hour before Weitzel got in. The damage of the fire was enormous. It burned nearly everything between Main street and the river for about three-quarters of a mile. The custom-house and Spotswood Hotel are the only important buildings saved in the burned district. The block opposite the Spotswood, including the War Department building is entirely destroyed. The malignity of the thorough rebel here is humbled and silenced, but seems only the more intense on that account. I do not think the Union feeling here is half as sincere as Weitzel believes it to be, but there is a great throng of people after victuals. Confederate money is useless and they have no other.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 6, 1865.

Honorable C. A. DANA:

Please ascertain from General Weitzel under what authority he is distributing rations to the people of Richmond, as I suppose he would not do it without authority, and direct him to report daily the amount of rations distributed by his order to persons not belonging to the military service, and not authorized by law to receive rations, designating the color of the persons, their occupation and sex.

EDWIN M. STANTON

Secretary of War.

BURKEVILLE, April 6, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

City Point, Va.;

The enemy left his position at Amelia Court-House during last night, and attempted to get to Danville by the roads west of this place. The cavalry, Second, Fifth and Sixth Corps lay in the vicinity of Jetersville ready to attack this morning had he not moved. Their position was admirable for attacking in flank. Accordingly this morning these troops were moved out on roads nearly parallel the cavalry and Sixth Corps on the left, the Second in the center, and the Fifth on the right. The latter got upon the road after the enemy had passed, but pushed after him with great vigor, picked up many of the enemy's stragglers, and forced him to burn many of his wagons. All the others struck the enemy, but the country being open and roads numerous, have not, so far, made large captures of prisoners as I had hoped. They, however, forced the enemy to abandon much of his train, ammunition, &amp;c. and are still pushing. General Gibbon, with Foster's and Turner's divisions, of the Twenty-fourth Corps, reached here last night, after a march of twenty-eight miles for the day. These troops were sent out to Farmville this afternoon, and, I am in hopes, will head the enemy, and enable us to totally break up the Army of Northern Virginia. The troops are all pushing now, though it is after night, and they have had

---------------

*See Part II, p. 1295

---------------

