HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 6, 1865-7 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Major-General Wright reports that on receipt of my dispatch to move on Farmville he was actually engaged with the enemy and driving him. The staff officer who brings the dispatch states that prisoners were taken from Field's and Kershaw's divisions. This will prevent Wright moving as ordered to Farmville; but I will direct Griffin to start as early as possible in the morning, so that he will be on hand to assist Wright or move on Farmville. Sheridan was co-operating with Wright. Humphreys and Wright are pretty close together.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General

BURKEVILLE, April 6, 1865-8.30 p.m.

(Received 1.30 a.m. 7th.)

General MEADE:

It was right for Wright to remain after he had come up with the enemy. Your orders for the Fifth Corps to move to the left will answer the purpose. I understand the North Carolinians are all leaving Lee. If we press him with vigor for a couple of days more I do not believe he will get off with 5,000 men.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 6, 1865-10 p.m. (Received 3.20 a.m.7th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

At daylight this morning I moved the Second, Fifth, and Sixth Corps along the railroad, in the direction of Amelia Court-House. Soon after moving reliable intelligence was received that the enemy was moving toward Farmville, and the direction of the Second and Fifth Corps was immediately changed from a northerly to a northwesterly direction the directing corps, the Second, moving on Deatonsville the Fifth, heretofore in the center, moving on the right of the Second, and the Sixth facing about and moving by the left flank, taking position on the left of the Second.

It was understood the cavalry would operate on the extreme left. The changes were promptly made. The Second Corps soon became engaged with the enemy near Deatonsville, driving him by night across Sailor's Creek to the Appomattox. The Fifth Corps made a long march, but its position prevented its striking the rear of the enemy's column before it had passed. The Sixth Corps came up with the enemy about 4 p.m. and in conjunction with the Second on its right and the cavalry on its left, attacked and routed the enemy, capturing many prisoners, among them Lieutenant-General Ewell and General Custis Lee.

I transmit dispatches both from Generals Humphreys the gallant corps they command, I beg may be sent to the War Department for immediate publication. It is impossible at this moment to give any estimate of the casualties in either side or of the number of prisoners taken, but it is evident to-day's work is not going to be one of the least important in the recent brilliant operations.

