HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 6, 1865-11.10 a.m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Mr. Cottrell, at Amelia Sulphur Springs, says General Lee left this place about daylight this morning; that about an hour before we began firing ont he enemy here an officer of the Confederate army told Cottrell that they would be six or seven hours in passing and that another column was moving on the Paineville road. He thinks that there is considerable of their force in rear of the column I have broken into.

A. A. HUMPHREYS.

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 6, 1865-12.40 p.m.

COMMANDING OFFICER SECOND CORPS:

Major-General Sheridan reports that the advance of the enemy is checked. He urges an attack by all the infantry. The major-general commanding sends this for your information and feels that all will appreciate the necessity of rapidity of movement.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to commanding officers Fifth and Sixth Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 5 [6], 1865-2.05 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS;

General Sheridan is in Deatonsville with his cavalry. The Fifth Corps covers well your flank and rear and Wright your left. You are therefore at liberty to push forward with your whole corps and to strike the enemy wherever you find him. The major-general commanding desires you to push on as rapidly as possible.

ALEX S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

The enemy has Deatonsville. Sheridan is on left of Deatonsville. Sheridan will attack with three divisions at three points. General Meade says: "Push on without fear of your flanks."

APRIL 6, 1865-4 p.m.

General WEBB:

Am now about a mile from Deatonsville. When at the latter place all evidence seemed to indicate that their troops and trains had pushed on toward Ligontown. I am therefore moving in that direction. We are constantly driving the enemy. The troops have been advancing finely all day. Wright is on the road southwest of Deatonsville about

