HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 16, 1865-11.35 a. m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Some deserters from Hoffman's brigade (formerly Pegram's), Walker's division (formerly Pegram's), report that General Bushrod Johnson rode along their picket-line yesterday, and that when they left camp day before yesterday it was expected their brigade would move to the entrenchments near Petersburg on the following day.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 16, 1865-12 m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The Secretary of War with a party leave City Point for these headquarters at 12 to-day. I shall propose to him to witness a review of the Fifth Corps at 2.30 p. m. near the Cummings house. If he accedes the party will be carried there by rail. I shall be pleased to see you and such of your as you choose to bring with you either at these headquarters at 1 p. m. or on the review ground at 2.30 p. m.

GEO MEADE,

Major-General.

(Same to Major-General Wright and Parke.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,March 16, 1865-10 p. m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

We have a deserter from Wallace's brigade, of Bushrod Johnson's division, picketing on the other side of Hatcher's Run. He says they began picketing there yesterday morning and completed relieving the pickets of Gordon's corps this morning. Johnson's division was to have completed the exchange of position with Walker's division to-day. If however, Bushrod Johnson's division is as strong as he represent it it would take two of Gordon's division to occupy the same line.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,March 16, 1865-7.30 a. m.

General WARREN,

Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding deems it proper to caution you against permitting too large a number of the officers or men of your corps to attend the races to-morrow. The attitude assumed by the enemy during the past few days requires watchfulness on our part and does not permit of any relaxation in the vigilance now required. Corps commanders will also see, through their provost-marshals, that no

