
ties to make an attack on some of the most wealthy frontier towns, plunder, and then burn them. The principal rendezvous of the rebels is Arnprior, which is situated about forty-five miles, or perhaps fifty miles, from Brockville, with which it is connected by a railroad. Being distant from the front they imagined that their operations would be free from observation. The head of this organization is the Rew. O. S. Hackett, a refugee from Arkansas, who has been residing at Arnprior for the last five months. I have ever felt a deep sympathy for the Northern States in their noble efforts to stop and put down this unnatural rebellion, and eventually to liberate the slave ; and therefore I give this information to your Government. Important information was communication by me to our own Government, but although I received a courteous reply, I felt that the thanks I received were cold and formal, although they tended to lead to [the] reluctant capture of some of the Saint Albany raiders. I will communicate the whole details of the plot, and when they are going to make the attack, to any officer of your Government. I will meet him at Morristown any Saturday you may appoint, as my duties prevent me leaving home any other day, and all I ask is that my expenses be paid to Morristown; and when I shall have given the proper details, with the names of parties, I shall request of the Government to procure for me to degree of M. A. (Master of Arts) from Yale College, as it is the most renowned university on this side of the Atlantic. The attack will not be made before the 1st of April, as they are busy mustering volunteers; but it is not safe for me to commit anything to paper and send it by post, as there are spies every -where. For magnitude, numbers, and munitions of war this company and plot is more to be dreaded than any that has yet been organized in Canada. I will meet any officer of your Government either at Morristown, on the Saint Lawrence or in Brockville, any Saturday that you may appoint. Give me some token in your reply to this that I may know him, and I will afford your Government satisfactory proof of the conspiracy, so that it may be foiled. You will please inclose my traveling expenses to Morrisburg and back as an evidence of good faith.

D. CAMBELL McNAB, B. A.,

Principal Classical Academy and Head Mater Grammar School, Richmond, Canada West.

P. S.-I enjoin the strictest privacy and silence till I put the whole into you hands. I have as an evidence of my good faith to say that one of my beloved nephews, Captain James A. Lothian, Company C, Twenty-sixth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, was mortally wounded near Petersburg, and died at Washington in the service of the United States, and ever since that even I have looked upon the Southern cause with abhorrence. Being a member of a secret society, of which I am one of the county heads (or chiefs), I have come to a full knowledge of this projected attack and raid.

D. C. M.

N. B.-As evidence of my respectability, I inclose envelopes of letters received by me at different times from the Honorable John A. McDonald, attorney-general of Upper Canada, and the Honorable W. McDougall, provincial secretary.

D. C. M.

N. B., Numbers 2.-I formerly lived at Arnprior, and I received my appointment here in January last. I have weekly communications with Arnprior. The inclosure I will bring with me.

