
a mile from here, and will be here and will probably connect soon. We have captured two flags, some prisoners, and arms. We have also an engineer wagon.

HUMPHREYS,

Major-General.

[APRIL 6, 1865 - For Webb to Humphreys, 4 p.m.,see Webb to Wright, p. 604.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 6, 1865-4.20 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

I am about three miles beyond Deatonsville and pushing the enemy. The road is literally lined with their tents, baggage, and cooking utensils. We have taken one gun. I am pushing on.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

SIGNAL STATION, April 6, 1865-4.40 p.m.

General MEADE:

I have driven the enemy ever since I came in contact with them, and have all the time moved almost as fast as troops could move in line if they were not in presence of the enemy. The officers and men are doing everything possible. I hope soon to take their artillery and break into their trains. Gordon's corps is guarding it according to all statements of prisoners. The enemy retreats so rapidly that it is very difficult to overtake them.

HUMPHREYS.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 6, 1865-7.30 p.m.

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Our last fight just before dark at Sailor's Creek gave us 2 guns, 3 flags, considerable number of prisoners, 200 wagons, 70 ambulances, with mules and horses to about one half of the wagons and ambulances. There are between 30 and 50 wagons in addition abandoned and destroyed along the road; some battery wagons, forges, and limbers. I have already reported to you the capture of 1 gun, 2 flags, and some prisoners and the fact that the road for over two miles is strewn with tents, baggage cooking utensils, some ammunition and material of all kinds. The wagons are in a great mass across the approach to the bridge, and it will take some time to clear it. The enemy is in position on the height beyond with artillery, the bridge partially destroyed, and the approaches on either side are of soft bottom land. We cannot advance to-morrow in the same manner that we have done to-day. As soon as I get my troops up a little (we are considerably mixed) I might push a column down the road and deploy it, but it is evident that I cannot follow rapidly during the night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

