
Station perhaps a mile and turning sharp to the right I proceeded across toward a nearly parallel road on which the enemy was moving, and along which he had slight lines of entrenchments. As soon as the leading division, General Seymour's, could be formed, it was moved upon the road advanced down the road against a pretty strong resistance. By this time Wheaton's division was put in position as rapidly as possible on Seymour's left. The lines were again advanced and we swept down the road for a distance of about two miles. Arriving at a deep and difficult creek we found the enemy had reformed his line on the opposite side, where we attacked and drove him to a point a distance of about half a mile farther. In the first attack a portion of cavalry operated on our right flank; in its subsequent attacks the mass of cavalry operated on our left and the right flank of the enemy. The result has been a complete success. The combined forces captured five general officers, among them Generals Ewell and Custis Lee, and a large number of other prisoners. I shall go in camp about two miles beyond this point and await further instructions. The First and Third Divisions, Wheaton's and Seymour's, and the artillery engaged to-day behaved splendidly. A return of casualties will be forwarded as soon as possible. The corps has nobly sustained the reputation it earned on the 2nd instant, as well as upon its many previous hard-fought battle-fields.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Wellville, April 6, 1865-9.15 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Grant's Headquarters:

I am instructed to guard the South Side Railroad as far as the rear of the army back to Sutherland's Station; to leave detachment of not less than one brigade at each post. The head of my column was last night well closed up on the trains of Army of the Potomac, which parked between this point and Blacks and Whites. I learned from Colonel Peirce, in charge of trains, that Birney's division was at Blacks and Whites, and Twenty-fourth Corps six miles in front of Mrs. Jones', Colonel Peirce's headquarters.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Wellville, April 6, 1865-9.45 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS:

I would like to know when General Ord's troops move, and about what points they will occupy. I have not been able to communicate with General Meade since the receipt of the order of the 4th to guard the railroad. If you are in telegraphic communication with him will you please let him know where I am.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

