
orders to move. For the present the head of your column need not proceeded farther than Wellville, near which point General Griffin now has a brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Nottoway Court-House, April 6, 1865-5 p. m.

Brevet Major-General HARTRANFT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: I have directed General Griffin to move his two brigades, one to Burkeville, the other to Nottoway Court-House. I wish you, therefore, to extend your line so as to cover the roads approaching the railroad to a point about half way between Blacks and Whites and the Court-House. The reason of this is I understand General Ord has moved out from Burkeville.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

April 6, 1865-12.10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: My information is that the enemy are moving to our left with their trains and whole army. The train and army were moving all last night and are very short of provisions and very tired indeed. I think that now is the time to attack them with all your infantry. They are reported to have begged provisions from the people of the country all along the road as they passed. I am working around farther to our left.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

JETERSVILLE, April 6, 1865-2.05 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

From this point General Humphreys' corps could be seen advancing over General Vaughn's farm. The enemy occupied that place two hours ago with artillery and infantry. Griffin is farther to the right and has been urged to push on. He is, no doubt, doing so. Wright is pushing out on the road you are on and will go in with a vim any place you dictate. Ord has sent two regiments out to Farmville to destroy the bridge, and is intrenching the balance of his command at Burke's Station. If your information makes it advisable for him to move out notify him and he will do so.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

39 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

