HEADQUARTERS,Burke's Station, April 6, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Turner's and Foster's divisions are here. have sent two regiments of infantry and fifty cavalry to destroy a span of High Bridge, near Farmville, if not too strongly guarded, and am tearing up one rail of the two railroads toward Danville and Lynchburg. Will thrown up a line of rifle-pits to cover from cavalry. My trains are nearly all up.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General,

JETERSVILLE, April 6, 1865.

Major-General ORD:

The enemy evacuated Amelia last night or this morning, and are now apparently moving southwest to get on the Fermville and Danville road. The Second Corps moved from here toward Deatonsville and have struck the flank of the enemy. The Fifth and Sixth Corps are moving parallel with the Second, the Fifth to the right of it and the Sixth to the left. The cavalry is still farther southwest. You will move out to intercept them, if possible, taking roads according to the information you may get, recollecting that the capture of the enemy is what we want. Mackenzie started to join you with the cavalry this morning. Let your provost-marshal or some one ascertain if there is any movement from Danville this way.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,April 6, 1865-12.45 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,:

I am now moving out Foster's division to strike the enemy on the flank. Have knowledge of but one road coming in from side of Deatosnville. An moving Foster out on that road. If I find other roads shall use them. I hope Washburn was in time to break the Farmville bridge. To his force I have sent word to look out on their left coming in, and if it can be done take roads south of South Side Railroad.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Jetersville, April 6, 1865-4.20 p. m.

Major-General ORD:

(Care General Williams, at Burkeville Station.)

Send Gibbon with his two divisions to Farmington [Farmville], to hold that crossing. the sixth Corps is also ordered. The colored division will be sufficient to retain at Burkeville. The enemy is evidently making for Ligontown and Stony Point bridges. Indications are that the enemy are almost in a route. They are burning wagons, caissons, &amp;c.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

