
General WILLIAMS:

If General Ord is absent let General Turner read this dispatch and move at once with his division to the turnpike crossing at Farmville.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, April 6, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL,

Richmond, Va.:

It has been intimated to me that the gentlemen who have acted as the legislature of Virginia in support of the rebellion may now desire to assemble a Richmond and take measures to withdraw the Virginia troops and other support from resistance to the General Government. If they attempt it give them permission and protection until, if at all, they attempt some action hostile to the United State, in which case you will notify them, give them reasonable time to leave, and at the end of which time arrest any who remain. Allow Judge Campbell to see this, but do not make it public.

Yours, &amp;c.,

A. LINCOLN.

PETERSBURG, April 6, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL:

I have been informed by General Rawlins that General Ord was going to relieve all Army of Potomac troops at City Point, Petersburg, and on the South Side Railroad to Sutherland's Station. Have you received any order of this kind? I just learned from General Benham that no troops have yet arrived to relieve him.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, April 6, 1865.

(Received 4.15 p. m.)

Major-General WARREN:

General Russell's brigade is on its way to City Point. Left here this morning. Will relieve the troops now there.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

PETERSBURG, April 6, 1865.

(Received 10.10 p. m.)

Major-General WEITZEL,

Commanding, Richmond:

How can I send you reports and papers? I have only six cavalry men under my command as orderlies, and I require twenty-five at least. The reply to Warren's dispatch concerning his authority received yesterday and signed by General Rawlins, after stating that General Ord had been directed to relieve the Army of the Potomac at City Point,

