
Petersburg, and South Side Railroad to Sutherland's Station, contains the following: "As General Hartstuff is your senior you will turn over to him the command of those places," &amp;c. General Willcox informed me this afternoon that he had been directed to guard the railroad from Sutherland's Station west, and had withdrawn his troops from this side of that place; and I have received directly no instructions except to occupy this city, and have not troops sufficient to garrison this place and guard the railroad from City Point to Sutherland's Station, except by a very attenuated line. Warren has still command of the garrison of City Point and of about 3,000 cavalry belonging to the Army of the Potomac, only about 300 of whom are mounted, and some of the command are not armed. Am I to command these places and troops; or the places and other troops to be sent from the Army of the James; or the places with the troops I have, or the city of Petersburg only and the troops I have? Please send any news. None here.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

PETERSBURG, April 6, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL:

The warehouse which contained the bulk of the French tobacco had stored therein tobacco belonging to private parties which the rebels moved to another warehouse and destroyed. The French tobacco is safe, unless a few hogsheads were moved by mistake. mr. Devors thinks all safe, not more than half dozen hogsheads of it were destroyed.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,April 6, 1865.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

I have been ordered by Major-General Parke, through instructions of Major-General Meade, to guard the Cox road and South Side Railroad from Sutherland's Station up, and I have the honor to notify you that the troops of my command between Sutherland's and Petersburg have been withdrawn.

Very respectfully,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brevet Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 1. Petersburg, Va., April 6, 1865.

In accordance with instructions from headquarters Department of Virginia the undersigned hereby assumes command of the city of Petersburg. Brevet Major-General Ferrero's division, of this command, will form the garrison of the city and defenses. General Ferrero is especially charged with the control and disposition of the troops for the defense of the city. He will station them for that purpose at such points without, but near, the city as he may select. Major S. R. Cowles, Tenth New York Artillery, is appointed provost-marshal and post commandant, with headquarters at the depot of the Weldon railroad. He

