
will institute such measures and appoint such guards and patrols as will insure quiet and good order throughout the city. General Ferrero will make a permanent detail of 500 men to report to him as guards. The chiefs of the different departments of the staff will make selections of such unoccupied or public buildings as are necessary and suitable for he public use of their respective departments. They will each report to these headquarters daily at 12 m. to receive such instructions and give such information as may be required. The regularly constituted civil authorities are permitted and required. The regularly constituted civil authorities are permitted and requested to continue in the exercise of their functions and duties. Resident citizens will be unmolested in person and property so long as their conduct is orderly and quiet and conforms with the regulations and orders that may be necessary for the control of the city. They will be permitted to leave the city on taking the oath of allegiance or a parole oath to be prescribed by the provost-marshall. The regular markets will be free and open. Sutlers and purveyors of this command will be permitted to trade under the existing regulations concerning them. Those of other commands, on exhibiting their appointments, will be permitted to trade under the existing regulations concerning them. Those of other commands, on exhibiting their appointments, will be permitted to trade by conforming to the regulations of those of this command. All other shops and stores of every kind and description will be closed until they are registered and authorized at the provost-marshal's office. The sale of alcoholic liquors is absolutely forbidden, except by the commissary of subsistence to officers undr existing orders. Any violation of this order will other punishment as the case may require. Quiet and good order are alike creditable and must be preserved at all hazards. It is earnestly enjoined upon all officers and soldiers, and requested of all citizens, too, and the regularly constituted authorities, civil and military, in its preservation.

By command of Major-General Hartsuff:

J. M. HOWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FERRERO'S DIVISION, Numbers 6. Petersburg, Va., April 6, 1865.

This division will hereafter be designated as Ferrero's Division. The troops will be located on the outskirts of the city in the following order: Encamped, forming a semi-circle, resting on the Jerusalem plank road, on the left, and extending to the Appomattox on the right. General McKibbin will occupy the left of the line with his brigade, and Colonel Kibbe the right. Each brigade will picket the approaches to the city on their front, giving stringent orders that no one passes out without proper authority. Brigade commanders will appoint officers of the day for their respective commands. No officer or private will be allowed to leave camp without a written permission from his regimental commanders, countersigned by the brigade commander, and only a limited number of passes to be granted each day. Particular attention will be paid to the appearance of the men.

By command of Brevet Major-General Ferrero:

GEO. A. HICKS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

