
BURKEVILLE, April 7, 1865-12.10 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Sheridan and Wright have struck the enemy, captured a great many of the general officers, and from 10,000 to 12,000 men. Every moment now is important to us. Communicate this to General Griffin. Direct him to move at once to our left, taking the most direct open road to Prince Edward Court-House. Mackenzie's cavalry is ordered there and will be off from here by 2 a. m.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,High Bridge, April 7, 1865-12 m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Major-General Humphreys about 9 a. m. crossed the Appomattox at this point, driving in the enemy's rear guard skirmishers. The enemy abandoned eight guns on this side of the river, and ten are reported as left on the other side. Humphreys has advanced four miles on the railroad toward Farmville and will continue to push them on that road. Wright is moving toward Farmville n this side the river. I understand Mahone's division is between him and Farmville and that he is after him. Griffin is moving rapidly to Prince Edward Court-House. He will pass through Rice's Station. You will find him on that road if necessary to send him orders.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

SIGNAL STATION,

In the Field, April 7, 1865-5.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Farmville:

As soon as the operations of the day shall be over I will move my headquarters to Rice's Station, from which point I hope to have telegraphic communication with Burke's Station.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 7, 1865-7 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

There has been heavy firing in the direction of Humphryes, but no report as yet. I send the bearer for any orders you may have for to-morrow. The Fifth Corps is at or near Prince Edward Court-House, the Sixth at Farmville, and the Second across the Appomattox, on the road from Farmville to Lynchburg. As far as I can judge the enemy is making for Lynchburg. Perhaps only making a greater detour than he originally designed to get around us, and he yet meditates going to Danville. Since writing the foregoing the following dispatch has been received from General Humphreys.* Had I been advised of the state of things at Farmville I would either have crossed the Sixth after the Second or detained the Fifth for that purpose. I

---------------

*See Humphreys to Meade, 6.30 p. m., p. 625.

---------------

