SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 88. April 7, 1865.

* * * *

2. The following will be the order of march for to morrow: The Fifth Corps will at 6 a. m. follow the Twenty-four Corps up the Lynchburg road. The Second and Sixth Corps will follow the enemy north of the river at as early an hour as practicable. The headquarters of the army will be on the route of the Second and Sixth Corps. The general supply train will be moved to Farmville. Corps commanders will see that their corps are kept supplied with subsistence, forage, and ammunition as prescribed by existing orders, and that empty wagons are sent to the nearest depot to be replenished.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

FARMVILLE, April 7, 1865-5 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Your not of 1.20 p. m. to Major-General Meade is just seen* Mott's [Barlow's?] division, of your corps, and Crook's cavalry are both across the river at this point. The Sixth And Twenty-fourth Corps are both here. The enemy cannot cross at Farmville.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 7, 1865-9.15 a. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

My corps is now crossing the Appomattox at High Bridge. We found the railroad bridge burning. We shall lose three spans; probably save the rest. The common road bridge was saved. The enemy was in position on the other side with skirmishers on the other side of the river. I began crossing at once to attack. They appear to be abandoning their position. A little north of west, some two miles distant, apparently trying to make the the pike from Farmville toward Lynchburg through Appomattox Court-House. I shall continue the pursuit. The enemy abandoned eight guns in the work on the south side of Appomattox defending the approach to the bridge.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 7, 1865.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Your dispatch received announcing the possession of the High Bridge and crossing of the Appomattox. You will push the enemy all you can consistently with the security of your command and its efficiency.

---------------

*See p. 623.

---------------

