HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 7, 1865-3 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

From the prisoners I have it appears that Lee's army is moving from Farmville to Lynchburg, and Wright or Griffin should come up to this point near the Farmville and Lynchburg road, about four miles from Farmville. I have but two divisions here, but have sent for Barlow, who is on the railroad near Farmville.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CROPS,April 7, 1865-3.20 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

We have Heth, Mahone, and I believe the rest of Lee's army here in my front, moving toward Lynchburg. They are entrenched in too strong a position for me to attack them in front, and their flanks extend farther than mine. They are extending their flank to my right. I have sent for Barlow, but I don't know at what time he will be up. I have just received a dispatch dated 1.20 saying that Farmville was in our possession; that the cavalry was moving through it.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 7, 1865-4 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Commanding Second Corps:

I informed you this morning your movements should be governed by your own security with your own forces. I have made every effort to get the Sixth Corps forwarded, but the road has been blocked by the cavalry and Twenty-fourth Corps. I have now sent orders to the Twenty-fourth Corps, who occupy Farmville, to move up to your support. If you are pressed you must withdraw to this position.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 7, 1865-4.30 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have sent orders to General Wright to order forward in my name the Twenty-fourth Corps from Farmville, and to follow it with the Sixth Corps. I fully indicated your position and the necessity of support being given you. Before my dispatch could reach General Wright I received one from him stating the lieutenant-general was at Farmville. I have no doubt, therefore, troops will be hurried forward if not already moving. We hear artillery and musketry in a westerly direction from here, which is more to the left than your position, which I take to be about northwest. This may be the Twenty-fourth Corps.

