
When Barlow come sup if you hear heavy firing on the left I would attack with the whole force, but, of course, I leave this entirely to your own judgment, giving you the best information I can get.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 7, 1865-6.15 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have just learned that there is no bridge at Farmville, and that the cavalry has forded belly deep. You will have to take care of yourself.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 7, 1865-6.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

Barlow is up and taking position on the right, so as to be ready to attack their left flank at the instant an attack is commenced from the direction of Farmville. The firing you heard was probably Crook's attempt from the direction of Farmville. Immediately upon hearing it I moved Miles and De Trobriand to the right to attack (Barlow was not up then), but the firing soon ceased. Miles attacked from his right, but without success. The position they have is strong, and it is entrenched. We are across the stage road from Farmville to Lynchburg, and from our right see a train of wagons moving about west; some troops with it. It is so late that neither the Second Corps nor Wright's can get up in time to attack this evening. To-morrow morning the enemy will be gone. If they are not I will attack understandingly with the troops from Farmville. My position is about northwest from High Bridge.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 7, 1865.

General N. A. MILES,

Commanding First Division:

To expedite the pursuit the following order of march will be taken until the enemy is again overtaken: The First Division will move along the road. The Second Division will move parallel with the First Division and 1,000 yards on the right. The Third Division will move parallel with the First Division and 1,000 yards on the left. Each division will keep out a strong skirmish line in its front, and the Second and Third Division a line of flankers. All division will be prepared to deploy two-thirds of their force, keeping one-third in reserve.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Barlow and De Trobriand.)

Please announce to your command that the Sixth Corps and cavalry yesterday captured Generals Ewell, Custis Lee, Kershaw, and several other general officers, and 10,000 prisoners.

40 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

