
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 30. April 7, 1865-4.20 a. m.

I. The corps will get ready to move at once and as follows: Second Division; two batteries; Third Division; three batteries; First Division; trains and ambulances in rear. General Ayres will at once move up to this point. We move via Rice's Station to Farmville.

II. The corps will march at 6 a. m. to-morrow up the Lynchburg road, in the following order, viz:

1. Ayres' division, followed by two batteries.

2. Bartlett's division, followed by three batteries.

3. Crawford's division, ambulances and trains in rear of the troops.

The Fifth Corps is to follow the Twenty-fourth Corps.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,April 7, 1865-7.25 a. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB:

I at first designed waiting for my supply train and issuing rations before moving, but ascertaining that the wagons would not be up as soon as expected I have put the troops in motion and intend to take the direction of Farmville, unless otherwise ordered. The troops are much fatigued and the pursuit cannot be made as vigorously as yesterday.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Sandy River, April 7, 1865-12.15 p. m.

Major-General WEBB:

The officer sent toward Farmville has returned and reports that that place is not taken. I shall therefore move at once toward that point. General Griffin is now here and the head of his column nearly up. He is going to Prince Edward Court-House.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Farmville, April 7, 1865-2.20 p. m.

Brevet Major-General WEBB:

I am at Farmville, which is occupied by the Twenty-fourth Corps, and from all I can learn the rebel force on this side of the Appomattox passed through this place. It this be true it would seem that the enemy is moving on Lynchburg, where it is possible that he may intend forming a junction with Johnston instead of effecting it at Danville, as I have hitherto supposed he intended to do. There are so many troops and trains now here in my front that it would be impossible for me to advance now, even if it were desirable to do so. I will therefore await instructions here.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy forwarded to Major-General Humphreys at 3.30 p. m.)

