HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 21, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,Asst. Adjt. General Headquarters Armies of the United States:

COLONEL: Some time since a letter of Bvt. Major General J. G. Barnard recommending Brigadier General H. W. Benham for promotion was referred to me. On returning this communication I indorsed on it the principal which had governed me in making nominations for brevets, and on which I had not considered the services of General Benham and certain of his staff officers as justifying me in presenting their names. Mere meritorious and faithful services in connection with military operations do not entitle officers, in my judgment, to promotion by brevet, which should be confined to distinguished good conduct and gallantry in the field and in the presence of the enemy. I find, however, that this rule does not govern the War Department in the appointments that have been made, numberous officers of this army of deferent staff departments precisely in the same category as Brigadier-General Benham, besides many officers in the department at Washington and elsewhere, having been brevetted for "faithful and meritorious services." I learn also that an application has been made for the promotion of Brigadier-General Benham, by may predecessor in command of this army, for distinguished services in the presence of the enemy at Chancellorsville and elsewhere. Under these circumstances, fearing my action may operate to the injustice of General Benham by excluding him from a promotion given to others who have no greater claims, but were more fortunate in the superiors thought whom their claims were presented to the department, I have thought it my duty to state that the failure to adopt as a rule the principle enunciated by me entitles Brigadier-General Benham and those officers of the staff recommended with him to the promotion asked for them. Brigadier-General Benham has been most earnest and faithful in the discharge of all the duties assigned to him. He has, moreover, designed and introduced into the service a light shovel for pickets, which is universally approved, and is really a very valuable suggestion. And in view of all theses facts I desire to withdraw any objection to his promotion and to recommend the same. This communication is forwarded for the information and action of the lieutenant-general commanding, as the letter of Brevet Major General Barnard was refereed to me by his orders.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, March 21, 1865-9 a. m.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet on this front during the past twenty-four hours.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.

