HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 7, 1865.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps, Nottoway Court-House:

The commanding general desires me to say that while your troops are in their present position four days' rations need not be kept on the persons of the men, but he desires you to keep the allowance prescribed constantly on hand in readiness for any movement.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Nottoway Court-House, April 7, 1865-7.30 a. m.

Brevet Major-General WILLCOX,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to extend your advance to Wellville, covering well the roads approaching the railroad, at or near that place. The commanding general would like to know by return of messenger what the garrison now at Sutherland's is composed of of, and since we are compelled to stretch out this garrison (at Sutherland's) should relieve a portion of your command, but having no control over that garrison the commanding general can issue no orders. He would like therefore if you could make arrangements with the commanding officer of that garrison to relieve a portion of your command. He will telegraph to the commanding general at Petersburg to see whether such an arrangement can be effected.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,April 7, 1865.

SIR: The commanding general directs that brigade commanders take the most stringent measures to prevent pillaging. There is but a moderate supply of provisions in the country and, to say nothing about the evil effects of pillaging on the discipline of the troops, the result of it all will be that inhabitants and some of the more desperate will take to bushwhacking and thus interrupt in a measure the communications of the army. Foraging will only be tolerated under the direction of brigade and the division commanders. All foraging parties must be accompanied by an officer, who will leave vouchers from some quartermaster or commissary, and they will indorse on those vouchers whether the parties from whom property is taken have taken the oath of allegiance. In no case will citizens be entirely stripped of provisions or the means of raising the same.

Very respectfully,

WM. V. RICHARDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copies to brigade and independent commanders.)

