
river. The Fifth and Twenty-fourth Corps will push up by Prospect Station, and will be ready to turn upon the enemy at any time. I will move my headquarters up by the south bank in the morning.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

APRIL 7, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have sent a reconnaissance to Prospect Station, but have not as yet heard from it. I think from all that I can hear that but a small portion of the rebel army is cut off toward Lynchburg. Stragglers and cavalry have been passing toward Danville for several days past. The Government property is reported to have passed by here in wagons from Farmville. I am five miles from the railroad. I had to pass some distance to get around Spring Creek. I did not get into camp until a few moments since. It is now 9.45. I will send you word as soon as I hear from the reconnaissance. There is a perfect labyrinth of road here. I am inclined to think everything has passed here that will attempt to. The roads show much signs of travel. I will hear from the front soon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Prince Edward Court-House, April 7, 1865.

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that upon receipt of this order you move at once to Prospect Station by the nearest practicable route. He is now moving to that point, crossing Buffalo River via Carter's or Overstretd's Bridges. You will report to him upon your arrival.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. A. FORSYTH,

Brevet Colonel and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

Custer's, Devin's, and Mackenzie's divisions will all be at the above-named place.

F.

ORD'S HEADQUARTERS,

Near Appomattox, April 7, 1865-7 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Gibbon has just reported the enemy has left his front. He is pushing after them, and I will follow with my whole force, turning to the left if I find they have taken that direction beyond the river. Better send infantry toward Prince Edward fast.

