
PETERSBURG, April 7, 1865.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: General Hartsuff has relieved me of the command along the line you assigned me as far west as Sutherland's Station. General Willcox begins at that point and has acted under the orders of General Parke. I have virtually no command, except a cavalry picket under Colonel Sanders. No order states what troops are under my command. What do you wish done with the troops under General Benham and of the dismounted cavalry? Night before last General Rawlins told me to await instructions from General Grant, which I have since been doing.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 8, 1865.

Respectfully referred to the lieutenant-general commanding.

The command given to Major-General Warren was under the instructions of the lieutenant-general commanding. The change of position of troops has caused the command no longer to exist. Further instructions as to the disposition of Major-General Warren are asked.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Nottoway Courty-House, April 7, 1865-10 a. m.

Major-General WARREN or

COMMANDING-GENERAL, Petersburg:

In order to properly dispose of my command I would like to know the strength of the force at Sutherland's. If possible, I would like the commanding officer of that force to relieve as much of my picket force this side of Sutherland's as possible.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

(Copy to commanding officer at Sutherland's.)
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Nottoway Court-House, April 7, 1865-10.40 a. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Petersburg:

General Willcox is acting under my orders and guarding the road from Sutherland's this way, my understanding being that Sutherland's would be occupied by a portion of General Hartsuff's command. In order that I might draw Willcox farther this way I wished to know if the garrison of Sutherland's could not extend a few miles in this direction. If so, will you please let me know how far this way the Sutherland garrison can extend. Sutherland's being under General Hartsuff's command will you please show him this and ask him to reply.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

