
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 8, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

In the Petersburg mail is found the following acknowledgment of ammunition received on the 3rd instant [ultimo] at Amelia Court-House. It may still be there:

AMELIA COURT-HOUSE, March 3, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel BRISCOE G. BALDWIN,

Chief Ordnance Officer, Army of Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that 307 boxes ammunition have arrived here to-day; there is here now 95 caissons, 174 boxes harness, 307 boxes ammunition; the caissons are exposed to the weather. I have obtained a barn with good floor and dry, in which to store small-arm ammunition. There are but few houses here available for storage. Lieutenant Randall is here with a detail of twenty-two men to guard the stores.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully,

W. A. EDWARDS,

Lieutenant and Ordnance Officer.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

APRIL 8, 1865.

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding C. S. Army:

GENERAL: Your note of last evening, in reply to mine of same date, asking the condition on which I will accept the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia, is just received. In reply I would say that, peace being my great desire, there is but one condition I would insist upon, viz, that the men and officers surrender shall be disqualified for taking up arms again against the Government of the United States until properly exchanged. I will meet you, or will designate officers to meet any officers you may name for the same purpose, at any point agreeable to you, for the purpose of arranging definitely the terms upon which the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia will be received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States.

APRIL 8, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: I received at a late hour your note of to-day. In mine of yesterday I did not intend to propose the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia, but to ask the terms of your proposition. To be frank, I do not think the emergency has arisen to call for the surrender of this army; but as the restoration of peace should be the sole object of all, I desired to know whether your proposals would lead to that end. I cannot, therefore, meet you with a view to surrender the Army of Norther Virginia; but as far as your proposal may affect the C. S. forces under my command, and tend to the restoration of peace, I should be pleased to meet you at 10 a. m. to-morrow, on the old stage road to Richmond, between the picket-lines of the two armies.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

41 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

