
there to-night, unless the enemy's movements, interfere with these instructions. You will move your division on the road running near the railroad. General Merritt will move his command on the direct road to Appomattox Court-House and will move on Appomattox Depot when he arrivals in the vicinity of Ferguson Mountain. General Merritt will be required to keep open communication with you on the side roads. General Mackenzie will be ordered to report to you with his command.

Very respectfully,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Walker's Church, April 8, 1865.

Major General GEORGE CROOK,

Commanding Second Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: We are now at Walker's Church, and after passing Sawney's Creeek will turn to the left and join you at Appomattox Station. I think that the enemy are moving now, and are about at Appomattox Court-House. Custer is now moving to the left to join you, and Gibbon is in your immediate rear. If you can by any means strike the enemy's trains do so.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Five Miles from Appomattox, April 8, 1865-7.15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: A staff officer from General Sheridan has just reached me. Sheridan has captured three railroad train loaded with supplies for the enemy and is now in contact with his troops. My corps will reach him either to-night or early to-morrow morning-I fear not before morning, as they have had a long march. Griffin is close behind me. The trains have just passed toward Farmville.

Respectfully,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Appomattox Station, April 8, 1865.

General GIBBON:

We have captured four trains of cars with locomotives. The trains were loaded with supplies. One of the trains was burned. thirty pieces of artillery and a large number of wagons and prisoners. It if is possible to push on your troops we may have handsome results in the morning.

Very respectfully,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

P. S.-We captured 1,000 prisoners, including one general officer, and from 150 to 200 wagons.

