
RICHMOND, April 8, 1865-1 p. m.

SECRETARY OF WAR:

I have this morning been present at an interview between General Weitzel and General Shepley and a committee of prominent citizens and members of the legislature who are acting under President's memorandum given to Judge Campbell and his order to General Weitzel. The committee consisted of Campbell, Colonel Joseph R. Anderson, Henry W. Thomas, David J. Burr, and Nat. Tyler; the last named is proprietor of the Enquirer newspaper. The conversation [began] by the reading of the statement which campbell laid before the meeting yesterday, of which a copy is subjoined. Then Anderson read the application prepared by his committed, also given below. Anderson was informed that his paper could not be receive, nor his proposition entertained, for the reason that it involved a recognization of [the] Confederate authorities and also because General Lee's intervention had now become entirely superfluous. The committee were then told that if they desired to prepare an address to the people, advising them that they should at once abandon hostility to the Government and begin to obey the laws of the United States, they should have every facility for its circulation through the State, provided, of course, that it meets the approval of the military authorities. And that if they desired to call a convention of the prominent citizens of the State, with a view to the restoration of the authority of the Union, they should be allowed to go without the lines of Richmond for the purpose of visiting such citizens in different parts and inducing them to take part in such convention, and should have safe conduct for themselves and such citizens to return here to attend such convention, and it being understood that list of these citizens must be approved by the military authorities before the safe conducts for them can be issued. They were also told that if they were not able to find conveyances of themselves into the country horses should be loaned to them for the purpose. All those they were informed was not to be considered as in any manner condoning any offense of which anyone might have been quilt. Judge Campbell said that he had no wish to take a prominent part in these proceedings, but that he long since made up his mind that the cause of the south was hopeless; that he wrote a formal memorial to Jeff. Davis immediately after the Hampton Roads conference during him and the Confederate Congress to take immediate steps to stop the war and restore the Union, and that he had deliberately remained here to meet the consequences of his acts. But that if he could be used in the restoration of peace and order he would deliberately remained here to meet the consequences of his acts. But that if he could be used in the restoration of peace and order he would gladly undertake any labor that might be desired of him. The spirit of the committee seemed to be generally the same as Campbell's, through none of them equal him in ability and clearness. They are sincerely conscious that they are whipped and sincerely anxious to stop all further bloodshed and restore peace, law, and order. This mental condition seems to me to be very hopeful and encouraging. I add to the subjoined documents mentioned above a copy of another paper addressed by Campbell to Weitzel. I should add also Weitzel seems disposed to act in al respects with caution and discretion, and that nothing was said or intimated in the convention of this morning that could compromise or embarrass the Government in any future action.

C. A. DANA.

