
RICHMOND, April 8, 1865.

Major ECKERT:

The following are documents referred to in cipher dispatch of Mr. Dana:

RICHMOND, April 7.

General JOSEPH R. ANDERSON and others,

Committee, &amp;c.:

GENTLEMEN: I have had, since the evacuation of Richmond, two conversations with President United States. My object was to secure for the citizens of Richmond and the inhabitant of the State of Virginia who had come under the military authority of the United States as much gentleness and forbearance as could be possibly extended. The conversation has relation to the established of a government for Virginia, the requirement of oaths of allegiance from the citizens, and the terms of settlement with the United States, by the concurrence and sanction of General Weitzel. He assented to the application not to require oaths of allegiance from the citizens. He stated that he would send to General Weitzel his decision upon the question of a government of Virginia. This letter was received on Thursday and read by me. It authorized General Weitzel to grant a safe conduct to the legislature of Virginia to meet at Richmond to deliberate and to return to their homes at the end of their session. I am informed by General Weitzel that he will issue whatever orders that may be necessary, and will furnish all the facilities of transportation, &c., to the members of the legislature to me tin this city, and that the governor, lieutenant-governor, and public men of the State will be included i the orders. The object of the invitation is for the government of Virginia to determine whether they will administer the laws i connection with the authorities of the United States and under the Constitution of the United States. I understand from President United States if the condition be fulfilled that no attempt will be made to establish or sustain any other authority. My conversation with President United States upon the terms of a settlement was answered in writing; that is, he left with me a written memorandum of the substance of his answers. He states as indispensable condition of a settlement the restoration of the authority of the United States over the whole of the State, and the cessation of hostilities by the disbanding f the army; that there shall be no receding on the [part] of the Executive from his position on the slavery question. The later proposition was explained to men that the executive action on the subject of slavery, so far as it had been declared in messages, proclamations, and other official acts must pass for what they are worth; that he would not recede from his position, but that this would not debar action by other authorities of the Government. I suppose that if the proclamation of the President United States be valid as law tract it has already operated and vested rights.

I believe that full confidence may be placed in General Weitzel's fulfillment of his promise to afford facilities to the legislature, and that its members may return after they have concluded their business without interruption. President United States, in his memorandum, referred to what would be his action under the confiscation acts. He stated that when the property had not been condemned and sold that he would make a universal release of the forfeiture that had been incurred in any State that would now promptly recognize the authority of the United States and withdraw its troops, but that if the war bed persisted in that the confiscated property must be regarded as a resource by which the expenses of the ear might be supported. His memorandum contains no articles upon the penaliteis imposed upon persons, but in his oral communications he intimated that there was scarcely any be who might not have a discharge upon the asking. I understood from the statement-the words did not exactly imply it-that an universal amnesty would be granted if peace were not concluded. In my intercourse I strongly urged the property of an armistice. This was done after the preparation of his memorandum. He agreed to consider the subject, but no answer has been received. I suppose that [if] he assents that the matter will be decided and executed between Generals Grant and Lee.

Very respectfully, yours,

J. A. CAMPBELL.

At a conference of citizens and such members of the legislature as are in the city of Richmond, held on the 8th day of April, 1865, Judge Campbell, by request, communicated to the gentlemen present certain proposition made by President United States, and retired, whereupon it was resolved that Joseph R. Anderson, Henry W. Thomas, David J. Burr, and Nat. Tyler be requested, with the consent of the military authorities, to convey said propositions through Lee to the State and Confederate authorities, and that Judge Campbell be respectfully requested to act as a

