
[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Richmond, Va., April 8, 1865.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: In reply to the dispatch of Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War, referred to me by you, I have the honor to state that I am directed by Major General E. O. C. Ord, commanding Department of Virginia, apposed by Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, to sell all the tobacco I could find here and feed all those who are in distress. A great many persons, both black and white, or on the point of starvation here, and their cases need prompt action. I therefore most respectfully beg of the honorable Secretary of War though you further instructions on this point. I have relieved the most pressing wants by the issue of the few abandoned rebel stores and some damaged stores of our own. This matter needs prompt action. Brigadier-General Shepley, my chief of staff, was directed by me t call on you in person and give you all the points in this matter. He has it in his immediate charge and I will direct him to give you any further information and details that you may desire.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

The following is the order of General Ord above mentioned.*

RICHMOND, April 8, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Brevet Brigadier-General Collis, commanding troops at City Point, refuses to be relieved by my troops. Will you please give the necessary orders.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

PETERSBURG, April 8, 1865.

Major-General WEBB:

Did you get a dispatch from me, written yesterday, relating to my position here, and asking about what orders were to be given to the troops at City Point when relieved by Weitzel?

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Petersburg, Va., April 8, 1865.

General WEITZEL:

Is the officer ordered to City Point directed to report to me on his arrival, or am I at once to assume command of the troops there?

---------------

*See Ord to Weitzel, p. 535.

---------------

