
Your dispatch yesterday was as follows: "You will command all the forces at City Point, &amp;c." It leaves me in doubt, as above stated. Please answer immediately.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, April 8, 1865.

Major-General HARTSUFF,

Petersburg:

You will assumed command of General Russell's brigade. General Collis with his troops will soon be relieved by an order from the Army of the Potomac.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, April 8, 1865.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

The following has been received from Mr. Dana, Assistant Secretary of War:

GENERAL: I am informed that a quantity of Confederate States treasury records of great importance, such as bills of sales of cotton to the Confederate States Government, and correspondence respecting foreign loans and other papers of that class, are lying partially destroyed in the back yard behind the Weldon railroad depot. Please send at once an intelligence officer to get them all up.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

You will please carry the above request into execution at once. Report to me by telegraph in the morning, if possible, the result.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 7. Petersburg, Va., April 8, 1865.

The following order has been received by the major-general commanding, viz:
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS DETACHMENT ARMY OF THE JAMES Numbers 94. Richmond, Va., April 7, 1865.

1. In accordance with orders received from Lieutenant-General Grant, commanding Armies of the United States, Major-General Hartsuff is hereby assigned to the command of the forces at City Point, Petersburg, Bermuda Hundred front, and South Side Railroad as far as Sutherland's Station.

By command of Major-General Weitzel:

D. D. WHEELER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

In accordance with the above order the undersigned hereby assumes command of the forces named in it. Headquarters will remain in the city of Petersburg. Commanding officers of troops on this line will immediately report to these headquarters their position and orders or duties, and will continue until further orders to carry out the instructions they have received or may receive from their army or corps headquarters, reporting to these headquarters promptly all such orders.

