
3. Morning reports and the prescribed returns of troops will be made here.

4. The following-named officers are accounted as on the staff of the major-general commanding: Bvt. Major J. M. Howard, assistant adjutant-general; Captain E. O. Brown, aide-de-camp; Captain S. A. Russell, aide-de-camp.

By command of Major-General Hartsuff:

J. M. HOWARD,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BURKEVILLE, April 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General COLLIS:

Send forward immediately, as far by railroad as possible, all troops of your command. They will come on until they meet the rebel prisoners and then take charge of them and conduct them to City Point.

Use all possible diligence in the execution of this order.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NORFOLK, VA., April 8, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL,

Commanding Department of Virginia, Richmond, Va.:

Colonel Sumner, with his cavalry, almost 600 strong, is at Suffolk. Just returned from an attemp to reach Weldon. He destroyed no bridges. I have about 250 cavalry. Would it not be well to send this force again toward Weldon to save the bridges on the Seaboard and Roanoke Railroad and watch the enemy in that direction, or will you await instructions from General Ord? I think the cavalry can be well used here.

GORDON,

General.

FORT MONROE, April 8, 1865-1.50 p. m.

Major-General WEITZEL, Richmond:

I have arrived from the vicinity of the Weldon road with my regiment. Am now at Suffolk. Am I not needed at the front? Can do nothing here. Please answer.

E. V. SUMNER,

Colonel.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 8, 1865. (Received 10.20 a. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK, Winchester:

The following communication* has just been transmitted to this Department by the Secretary of the Navy. You will please direct such precautionary measures to prevent the designs of the enemy as you may deem proper.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See Welles to Stanton, April 7, p. 618.

---------------

