
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, April 8, 1865-7 p. m.

(Received 8.10 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR:

COLONEL: Reports from the several posts on the line state all quiet as reported this morning. Four hundred of the Eighth Illinois Cavalry have just started under Colonel Clendening, and 400 of the

Sixteenth New York Cavalry will start in an hour to sweep the Loudoun Valley and obtain all the information that can be had. A copy of the order of instructions will be forwarded to-morrow.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

BALTIMORE, April 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Winchester:

I had some information yesterday that an attempt would be made to seize the boat at Havre de Grace and immediately strengthened the guard on the boat. I have also order the guard at each of the bridges. I have also a fast steamer on the bay with a strong guard of infantry and artillery on board. She has been out three days. Every precaution has been taken. Can you send me a strong company of cavalry? I dare not withdraw any from General Tyler's command, as he has all he can do with his limited force. There ought to be some cavalry here and at Annapolis. The rebels are having it all their won way in Calvert and Anne Arunderl Counties and I have no cavalry to send there or infantry to spare. I can do a great deal with one company.

W. W. MORRIS,

Brigadier-General.

WINCHESTER, April 8, 1865.

General MORRIS,

Baltimore:

The general does not understand what you men by the rebels having their own way in Calvert and Anne Arundel Counties. Are there organized parties there of any size, or a few Robberts countenanced by the inhabitants? The general desires to know the facts, as he will send a small force from Winchester if necessary. He thinks, however, that any inhabitant of those counties know positively to countenance the marauders should be sent out of the State.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., April 8, 1865.

Brigadier-General LOCKWOOD,

Commanding Third Separate Brigade:

GENERAL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that information was received last night that an attempt would be made to seize the railroad boat on the Susquehanna at Havre de Grace, therefore a detachment of the Eighth U. S. Infantry and Second U. S. Artillery were ordered to that point to strengthen the guard there.

