
only terms as stated in your letter to be granted, I think it would be well for you to see General Lee, as he may accept them after an interview.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

APPOMATTOX COURT-HOUSE,

April 9, 1865.

Major-General MEADE:

Agreement having been made for the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia hostilities will not be resumed. General Lee desires that during the time the two armies are laying near each other the men of the two armies be kept separate, the sole object being to prevent unpleasant individual rencounters that may take place with a too free intercourse.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Appomattox Court-House, April 9, 1865.

General MEADE:

GENERAL: The Fifth Corps of the Army of the Potomac and the Twenty-fourth Corps of the Army of the James will remain here until the stipulations of the surrender of the C. S. Army, known as the lieutenant-general commanding, have been carried into effect, and the captured and surrendered public property has been secured. All the other forces will be moved back to Burkewille, starting to-morrow, where they will go into camp. The chief ordnance officer of the army of the Potomac will collect and take charge of all captured and surrendered ordnance and ordnance stores and remove them to Burkewille. The acting chief quartermaster of the Army of the james will collect and take charge of all the captured and surrendered quartermaster's property and sores and remove them to Burkewille. You will please give such orders to your troops and officers of the staff department as will secure the execution of the foregoing instructions. The troops going to Burkewille will turn over to those remaining here all the subsistence stores they may have save a bare sufficiency to take them back.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 9, 1865-11.30 p. m.

General GRANT:

The order in cipher is received and will be executed at once.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

