
CITY POINT, VA., March 21, 1865. (Received 22nd.)

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Military Division:

I do not wish to hurry you, and besides fully appreciate the necessity of both having your horses well shod and well rested before starting again on another long march. But there is now such a possibility, if not probability, of Lee and Johnston attempting to unite that I feel extremely desirous not only of cutting the liens of communication between them, but of having a large and properly commanded cavalry force ready to act with in case such an attempt is made. I think that by Saturday next you had better start, even if you have to stop here to finish shoeing up. I will have a force moved out from north of the James to take possession of Long Bridge crossing and to lay a pontoon for you. Some of the troops will push up as far as Bottom's Bridge, if they do not meet with too much opposition. This move will not be made at the date indicated unless it is known that you are ready to start; it will be made earlier if you indicate a readiness to start earlier. Stoneman started yesterday front Knoxville with a cavalry force of probably 5,000 men to penetrate Southwest Virginia as far toward Lynchburg as possible. Under his instructions he may strike from New River toward Danville. This, however, I do not expect him to do. Wilson started at the same time from Eastport toward Selma with a splendidly equipped cavalry force of 12,000 men. Canby is in motion, and I have reason to believe that Sherman and Schofield have formed a junction at Goldsbrough.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, White House, Va., March 21, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. A. RAWLINS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I send to-day to City Point, under command of Colonel Coppinger, Fifteenth New York Cavalry, 1, 2090 cavalrymen, armed and equipped, to be mounted on horses which the lieutenant-general notified me could be furnished. I find over 2,100 horses which had to be condemned, and will be sent to Giesborough Point. Nearly all these horses are affected with the hoof rot and will not be serviceable for some time to come. This, of course, dismounts that number of men. Ther into be added to this over 1,000 dismounted men who came in on foot and on mules, so that my cavalry force will be diminished over 3,000. A great exertion should be made to get horses to City Point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 21, 1865-11.25 a. m.

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States:

The following telegram received from General Sheridan is respectfully referred to you for the information of the lieutenant-general command-

