
guard inclosing your camp at the rear and on both flanks, and connecting on both sides of the road with the guard of the Second Division. No officer of man will be permitted to pass these guards except by authority from General Grant, Meade, or from these headquarters, and trains with the proper officers and men coming up. Any officer of man attempting to pass the line without authority will be arrested. General Humphreys is particularly urgent in his requirement that officers and men shall not wander from their division.

C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,

April 9, 1865.

1. Brigade commanders will withdraw their pickets at once.

2. The division will move at 8.30 a. m. The order march will be: First Brigade, Second Brigade, Third Brigade, artillery, light wagons, ambulances, ammunition train, &amp;c. Each brigade will throw out flankers on both sides of the road. third Brigade will furnish flankers for the artillery and train and a regiment as rear guard for the protection of the train.

3. The supply train of the division being now here brigade commanders will at once send for their supplies. Three days' subsistence to be drawn.

By command of Brigadier General R. de Trobriand:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 9, 1865.

Brigadier General B. R. PIERCE,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: The Army of Northern Virginia has surrendered. The brigadier-general commanding directs that when your troops are placed in camp, the position of which will be indicated to you, you post a strong picket guard inclosing your camp and connecting with the brigade adjacent. No officer or man will be permitted to pass these guards except by authority from these or superior headquarters and trains with proper officers coming up. Any officer or man attempting to pass the line without authority will be arrested. The brigadier-general commanding is particularly urgent in his requirements that officers and men shall not wander from the division. He also directs that all unauthorized firing of muskets be stopped.

Very respectfully,

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Bvt. Brigadier General R. McAllister, commanding Third Brigade, and Colonel R. B. Shepherd, commanding First Brigade.)

43 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

