
Division will send forward a brigade to Farmville, in pursuance of paragraph 3 of General Orders, Numbers 89, from headquarters Army of the Potomac.

By command of Major-General Parke:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Burkeville Junction, April 9, 1865.

Major-General WILLCOX:

I have just received your telegram to Tidball, he being now away. We have no news since the arrival of Colonel Livermore, the details of which Captain Casey doubtless gave you. Tidball sends forward the ammunition to make up for expenditures as the front. Has your Sutherland guard been relieved at any posts this side of that point?

Hartsuff promised to relieve the former.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Burkeville Junction, Va., April 9, 1865-11.15 a. m.

Major-General WILLCOX,

Commanding First Division:

I have just learned that the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Sanders commanding, and dismounted cavalry are ordered to report to me. Please have a lookout kept for this command and notify Colonel Sanders where I am, and request Colonel Sanders to push forward as rapidly as possible without breaking down his horses and men.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Beasley's House, April 9, 1865.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps, Burke's Station:

I sent a scouting party yesterday as far as Jones' Bridge, on Nottoway River. Captain Manning, commanding, has just returned. His scouts were fired upon several times by bushwhackers. He met several rebel soldier on their way in to give themselves up. There are several rumors of cavalry being on their way from North Carolina to harass our communications; one force represented at 1,000 strong; also, that Mosby was on his way way down here. The people are driving their heads and horses across Nottoway River. Negroes, coming in numbers, say they have been ordered in with horses, mules, &amp;c. They are stealing and pillaging. The people along here are all taking oath of allegiance, ask protection. There should be some uniform rule on taking the property of inhabitant. One corps commander is reported to allow his soldiers to take horses and mules and kill sheep and chickens promiscuously, saying they were all contraband. A depot

