
will be required at Wilson's Station to feed the prisoners and others arriving daily without rations. I understand that the telegraph station at the same point will soon be removed farther up. A telegraph will be needed at that point, and a quantity of stores; 8,000 prisoners and 900 guard arrived there last night without food, which I supplied from my train.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brevet Major-General.

APRIL 9, 1865.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN:

The lieutenant-general is informed that the trains you captured near here are without guards, and that everything has been or is being carried away. He directs that you have them put in charge of your proper staff officers and have them guarded.

E. S. PARKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Appomattox Court-House, April 9, 1865.

The First, Second, and Third Cavalry Divisions of this command will move out at 8 a. m., to-morrow on the road thorough Appomattox Court-House, via Walker's Church and Farmville, to Burke's Station.

The following will be the order of march: First, Second Cavalry Division, Major-General Crook commanding; second, the command of Major-General Merritt. The Second Cavalry Division will encamp to-morrow night in the vicinity of Prospect Station. The command of Brevet Major-General Merritt will encamp between Walker's Church and Prospect Station at such points as may be best for the collection of forage for the command. All trains, except those of headquarters, will follow in rear of the column. The commanding officer of the rear division will furnish a small guard as escort for the train. The general commanding would like to have the whole of the cavalry file through Appomattox Court-House in the order above designated. The command will move by fours and well closed up.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

APRIL 9, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

GENERAL: I hear through Confederate surgeons that Lee expects to form a junction with Johnston very shortly. Lee is said to have ridden along his army lines and assured his soldiers of a glorious victory shortly. I don't know how much truth there is in the report. My chief surgeon heard it from their surgeons in a hospital. Would in not be a good plan to send a scout toward Marysville or Charlotte Court-House?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.

