
on the 4th by telegraph from Dublin. Echols was at Abingdon on the 3rd, 4th, and 5th; thinks him there still. No forces at Wytheville now any nearer than at Abingdon when Myers left Wytheville, which was on 30th. Does not report lines of Echols. Mosby had his headquarters at Gordonsville on 6th instant with less than 300 men; was scouting in the neighborhood.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary.

RICHMOND, VA., April 9, 1865-7 p. m.

(Received 9.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The churches here have all been filled to-day. The ladies especially have attended in great numbers. The regular clergy have prayed almost without an exception. The sermons were devout and not political. The city is perfectly quiet, and there is more security for persons and property than has existed here for many months. Weitzel has explained his apparent inconsistency with regard to the prayer question. His opinion was that the cannon of the church should be followed, and the President of the United States prayed for, but as it was a matter of policy, and as Shepley has general charge of those things, Weitzel being absorbed in military duties, this question was left to Shepley's decision, although Weitzel doubted its wisdom.

C. A. DANA.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 9, 1865-8 p. m.

Major-General WEITZEL,

Richmond:

It has just been reported to this Department that you have, at the instance of Mr. Campbell, consented that service should be performed in the Episcopal churches of Richmond to-day without the usual prayer said in loyal churches of that denomination for the President of the United States, and that you have even agreed to waive that condition. If such has been your action it is strongly condemned by this Department. As I am unwilling to believe that a general officer of the United States, commanding in Richmond, would consent to such an omission of respect to the President of the Unites States, you are directed immediately to report by telegraphed your action in relation to religious services in Richmond, and the prayer for the President in Episcopal churches, and also to state what took place between you and Mr. Campbell on the subject. You are, moreover, directed to held no further conference with Mr. Campbell on any subject with specific authority, to be given by the President or this Department; but if he desires to make any communication to you it must be in writing, and transmitted by you to this Department for instructions.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

(Copy to be given to Mr. Dana.)

