
PETERSBURG, April 9, 1865.

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Headquarters Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: The order of General Sheridan, taking from me the command of my corps on the evening of the 1st of April, after the victory was won, assigns no cause and leaves me open to the inferences now finding expression in the public prints, and which are in every way to my prejudice. I am unconscious of having done anything improper or unbecoming to my position or the character of a solder, or neglected any order or duty. I therefore request a full investigation of the matter as soon as the exigencies of the service will admit. I make this application now, while awaiting orders, which I deem the most appropriate time; but I do not intend nor desire to press the matter upon the consideration of the lieutenant-general until he can give it his attention without interfering with more important duties. The regard already shown me in immediately assigning me to another command on the 2nd instant gives me the assurance that he will not deem it an intrusion to solicit to vindicate the honor and reputation of a faithful soldier of the Union, who waits in silence under an unmerited injury till such time as his superior shall be ready to give him a hearing.

Very respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 9, 1865.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Defenses, City Point:

The dismounted cavalry and the Second Pennsylvania Cavalry will report at once to Major-General Parke to guard prisoners and the railroad; the troops under the immediate command of Brevet Brigadier-General Collis to proceed to Farmville, guarding the supply train at that place, or in advance thereof. On its arrival at the supply terrain the commanding officer will report the fact to these headquarters. Brigadier-General Benham, with his command, Engineer troops, after leaving sufficient guard for the public property under his charge at City Point, will join the Engineer Brigade at these headquarters. Major-General Parke will govern the movement of these troops so as further orders from the lieutenant-general commanding or from these headquarters.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to General Parke.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 9, 1865-6 a. m. (Received 9.30 a. m.)

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Petersburg:

All the troops are ordered from City Point. You must apply for orders to Lieutenant-General Grant.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

