
ing. I have not telegraphed to Major Price. I wrote to General Sheridan, and sent same by Captain Lincoln, that it would be impossible to get horses:

WHITE HOUSE, March 20, 1865. (Via Fortress Monroe.)

Brigadier General JAMES W. FORSYTH:

(Care of General Meade.)

The blacksmiths and forges came up yesterday evening. This will enable us to shoe only 300 horses daily. I will, however, turn out the regimental blacksmiths and do the best we can. The number of dismounted will be much grater than was at first supposed, owing to the hoof rot. Telegraph Price to send horses quickly.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 21, 1865-3 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

White House, Va.;

I have ordered twenty-five additional forges to facilitate your horse shoeing. I have ordered Crook here to command the divisions of cavalry which will re-enforce your column.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, Numbers 20. White House, Va., March 21, 1865.

I. Each division commander will organize without delay 600 dismounted men of his division, under a proper number of good officers and non-commissioned officers, to take boat at once for City Point, where they will be remounted.

II. These men will go fully armed and equipped, save in the matter of horses. They will go supplied with two days' rations.

III. Each division commander will detail a competent field officer in charge of the men of his division, and the commanding officer often Third Division will detail a colonel to take command of the entire force. This officer will be ordered to report at these headquarters at once for instructions.

IV. The men from each division will be organized and report to Captain Brown, chief quartermaster, at the White House Landing by 2 p. m. to-day.

By command of Brevet Major-General Merritt:

J. SPREADBURY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, March 21, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch in cipher of 20th was received at 12 m. to-day. It will be complied with at once.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

