HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES,Petersburg, Va., April 9, 1865.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

General Grant's Headquarters in the Field:

In what way can I assist you? I am able, perhaps, to contribute much assistance, and am very desirous of doing so if I only knew what was most needed.

GEO. L. HARTSUFF,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 8. Petersburg, Va., April 9, 1865.

1. The major-general commanding having had his command increased by that at City Point, sutherland's Station, and the line connecting them, finds it necessary to relinquish the direct command of the city of Petersburg, to which command Brevet Major-General Ferrero is hereby assigned, still retaining command of his division.

2. General Ferrero will exercise the command in accordance with the general policy already announced in ordered from these headquarters, and will institute such other measures for the efficient control of the city as he may deem necessary.

By command of Major-General Hartsuff:

J. M. HOWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, April 9, 1865.

(Received 12th.)

Major-General WEBB:

On receipt of the dispatch ordering my command to the headquarters Army of the Potomac I arranged to march up from here early in the morning, presuming the regiment would be required to guard the wagons. I, however, would now ask if under present circumstances anything more than a small guard would be necessary, and if it is desired that the most of the troops should move by railroad if such transportation can be obtained?

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, April 9, 1865.

(Received 12th.)

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have just received a telegram from you, through Major-General Warren, directing that my command proceed to Farmville to guard supply trains, &amp;c. My troops were sent to Burkeville yesterday by direction of the lieutenant-general commanding to receive prisoners of was and conduct them to City Point. They went in light-,marching order, leaving knapsacks and tents in camp. The provost-marshal-general calls upon me for guards to conduct these prisoners to New York and Coney Island. It is impossible, therefore, to comply with the order at present, and I wait further instructions.

CHARLES H. T. COLLIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

