
SAINT MARY'S, April 9, 1865.

(Received 2.10 p. m.)

Major-General AUGUR:

I learn that a force of about 500 men well mounted are now on the Neck collecting provisions, forage, horses, and cattle, and gradually a few days hence. I will be at Fredericksburg on Tuesday evening or early Wednesday morning. Cannot you send a force to intercept these fellows? Please answer.

Respectfully,

F. A. PARKER,

Commander, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,Washington, D. C., April 9, 1865.

Commander F. A. PARKER,

Saint Mary's, Md.:

A plan for sending a command to the Northern Neck is under consideration by the Secretary of War and General Halleck. Whether it is to be sent depends upon the movements of troops elsewhere, and I can do nothing until the matter is decided by those who have it under advisement.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, April 9, 1865.

Brevet Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Winchester, Va.:

In Calvert and adjacent counties the inhabitant are mostly rebel sympathizers; there are a few Union people. Rebel deserters, guerrillas, and desperadoes of all sorts are constantly coming in there, committing depredations on, and in some cases murdering, the Union people. The sympathizers conceal them. Several arrests have been made lately; the most important are held, the others sent our of the State. A small body of cavalry under the commanding officer t Annapolis would be very effective. I also need a small force of cavalry here, as many of the rebel deserters who do not report are prowling around the neighboring country, and it is such men who will destroy the railroad bridges if they can. All is quiet just at present.

W. W. MORRIS,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 9, 1865.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you move your division, with all the artillery and trains belonging to it, to Summit Point to-morrow, starting at 9 a. m. You will please select a con-

