
venient cam near that place and await further orders. The detailed men of your command and the party at the signal station will join you when specially relieved from these headquarters.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-This order should have been dated the 10th. It is the intention that you should move on the morning of the 10th.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 9, 1865-9 p. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

This Department has just received official report of the surrender, this day, of General Lee and his army to Lieutenant-General Grant, on the terms proposed by General Grant. Details will be given speedily as possible.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 9, 1865-10 p. m.

Ordered, That a salute of 200 guns be fired at the headquarters of every army and department, and at every post and arsenal in the United States, and at the Military Academy at West Point on the day of the receipt of this order, in commemoration of the surrender of General R. E. Lee and the Army of Northern Virginia to Lieutenant-General Grant and the army under his command. Report of the receipt and execution of this order to be made to the Adjutant-General, Washington.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

(Copy to governors of States, mayors of principal cities, commanding generals of military departments, and others.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., April 9, 1865.

Honorable WILLIAM M. MEREDITH,

Attorney-General, Philadelphia:

I congratulate the people of Pennsylvania upon the glorious achievements of our gallant soldiers and their leaders, which have resulted in the surrender of General Lee.

A. G. CURTIN.

RICHMOND, VA., April 10, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Surrender of Lee produces the deepest impression here. Even the most malignant women now feel that the defeat is perfect and the rebellion finished, while among the men there is no sentiment but sub-

