
mission to the power of the nation, and a returning hope that their individual property may escape confiscation. The greatest rebels seem most keenly alive to this consideration, and men like General Anderson, the proprietor of the Tredegar Works, are most zealous in efforts to produce a thorough pacification and save their possessions. Application has been made to Weitzel this morning to allow Mosby and his men to surrender on the same terms as Lee. He has referred it to do not think the report has any foundation.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., April 10, 1865-4 p. m.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Telegram respecting omission of prayer just received. Permission was given to open all the churches yesterday on the general condition that no disloyal sentiments should be uttered. No special authority was given to omit the prayer for the President, but it was distinctly understood that that prayer would not be said in the Episcopal churches. As I have already reported, Weitzel is of opinion that this prayer should be required of all those denominations of whose service it forms a regular part, but on the urgent advice of Shepley, military governor, and Brevet Brigadier-General Ripley, he did not give a positive order inference it. In bringing about this result, as I was informed by Shepley, the influence of Campbell was exerted, but I now learn that he had no interview with Weitzel upon the subject, but with Shepley alone. Weitzel's decision not to give a positive order was also in a great measure the result of the President's verbal direction to him, to let them down easy. Shepley also adduced in favor of his advice the examples of New Orleans, Norfolk, and Savannah, in al of which places, as he said, the rule was not at first enforced. I cannot learn that the prayer for the President was said in any church, though it is reported to me that in all the Episcopal churches, while the President was omitted from the prayer, the words "all of those in authority" were included.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, April 10, 1865.

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Richmond:

You will proceed immediately to General Grant's headquarters. Report your arrival there and furnish such details as may be of interest or use to the Department.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PROSPECT STATION, April 10, 1865-7.30 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

I am at this point on my return. The Second and Sixth Corps and the cavalry are on their way back to Burke's Station. The Fifth and

