
Twenty-four Corps remain at Appomattox Station to arrange the paroles of General Lee's army. When this is done the Fifth Corps will join the other corps of the Army of the Potomac. If advantage is taken of the present feeling in the South I am greatly in hopes an early peace will be secured.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 10, 1865-3.50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Rosser and the troops operating about Loudoun form part of the Army of Northern Virginia reporting to Lee. Are they included in the surrender, or only those under Lee's Immediate personal command? The troops in Western Virginia have also gone as part of the Army of Northern Virginia.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

PROSPECT STATION, April 10, 1865-9.05 p. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

The surrender was only of the men left with the pursued army at the time of surrender. All prisoners captured in battle previous to the surrender stand same as other prisoners of war, and those who had escaped and were detached at the time are not included. I think however, there will be no difficulty now in bringing in on the terms voluntarily given to General Lee all the fragments of the Army of Northern Virginia, and it may be the army under Johnston also. I wish Hancock would try it with Mosby.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

APPOMATTOX COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 10, 1865.

Agreement entered into this day in regard to the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia to the United States authorities.

1st. The troops shall march by brigades and detachments to a designated point, stack their arms, deposit their flags, sabers, pistols, &amp;c., and from thence march to their homes under charge of their officers, superintended by their respective division and corps commanders, officers retaining their side arms, and the authorized number of private horses.

2nd. All public horses and public property of all kinds to be turned over to staff officers designated by the United States authorities.

3rd. Such transportation as may be agreed upon as necessary for the transportation of the private baggage of officers will be allowed to accompany the officers, to be turned over at the end of the trip to the nearest U. S. quartermasters, receipts being taken for the same.

