
4th. Couriers and mounted men of the artillery and cavalry, whose horses are their own private property, will be allowed to retain them.

5th. The surrendered of the Army of Northern Virginia shall be construed to include all the forces operating with that army on the 8th instant, the date of commencement of negotiation for surrender, except such bodies of cavalry as actually made their escape previous to the surrender, and except also such pieces of artillery as were more than twenty miles from Appomattox Court-House as the time of surrender on the 9th instant.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General, U. S. Volunteers.

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.

J. LONGSTREET,

Lieutenant-General.

J. B. GORDON,

Major-General.'

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Prospect, Va., April 10, 1865.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

We are on our return. Commissioners were appointed to arrange the conditions of the surrender of General Lee's army, and to receive all public property. Colonel Lawrence, chief quartermaster, Twenty-fourth Corps, is designated to take charge of what pertains ot the quartermaster's department and to conduct it to Burkewille Junction, and there turn it over to the depot quartermaster. It will; be found in very poor condition. I presume there will be some 10, 000 horses and mules. No one could tell the number, nor can it be ascertained but by actual count. I will communicate by letter my views as to the disposition of the property, and will report in detail the operations of this department during this brief but most glorious and decisive campaign. The main part of the army is moving back. I have provided for all wants. The railroad will be in working order to-morrow to Burkeville Junction.

RUFUS INGALLS.

APPOMATTOX COURT-HOUSE, VA., April 10, 1865.

All officers commanding posts, pickets, or detachments will pass General R. E. Lee through their lines north or south on presentation of this pass. General Lee will be permitted to visit Richmond at any time unless otherwise ordered by competent authority, and every facility for his doing so will be given by officers of the U. S. Army to whom this may be presented.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

