SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 73. In the Field, April 10, 1865.

I. All officers and men of the Confederate service paroled at Appomattox Court-House, Va., who, to reach their homes, are compelled to pass through the lines of the Union armies, will be allowed to do so, and to pass free on all Government transports and military railroads.

II. Bvt. Brigadier General R. H. Jackson, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty according to his brevet rank, by authority of the Secretary of War.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

E. S. PARKER,Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,

April 10, 1865.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

The lieutenant-general requests that you will furnish him with a brief summary of the operations of the several corps in your command since the last report made to him at Burkeville Station. This for publication.

Your, truly,

E. S. PARKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Near Appomattox Court-House, April 10, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

At early daylight on the morning of the 7th instant the Second and Sixth Corps were moved forward, with orders to continue the direct pursuit of the retreating enemy. The Fifth Corps was moved from the extreme right, with orders to proceed to Prince Edward Court-House. The Second Corps overtook the enemy at High Bridge, where a rear guard stand was made and the High Bridge and common bridge set on fire. The Second Corps promptly advanced, forced the passage of the river, causing the enemy to retire, leaving in our hands the passage of the river, causing the enemy to retire, leaving in our hands eighteen guns. The enemy having withdrawn on the roads to Farmville and Lynchburg. Barlow's division was sent in pursuit on the former, whilst Major-General Humphryes, with Miles and De Trobriand, moved on the latter road. Major-General Barlow found the enemy in possession of Farmville, burning the bridges and covering a wagon train moving on the evacuate the town, burning over 130 wagons and retiring on the lynchburg road. I regret to report that in this affair Brigadier General Thomas A. Smyth, a gallant and distinguished officer, was mortally wounded. Major-General Humphreys, moving on the road from High Bridge, found the enemy in a strongly entrenched position, covering the intersection of the roads from Cumberland Court-House and Farmville. Major-General Humphreys immediately formed line of battle, developing the enemy's position, which was found too strong to attack in front, and he was not able to outflank them with only two divisions. Barlow

