
was withdrawn from Farmville. Whilst waiting the return of Barlow, hearing firing on the left, and perceiving the enemy to be threatening his right flank, Major-General Humphreys, presuming the enemy was being attacked from Farmville by troops known to be in that neighborhood, ordered an attack from his extreme right, which was repulsed with heavy loss. Learning from prisoners that the whole of the Confederate army was in his front entrenched he desisted from any further offensive movement till the arrival of Barlow, which did not occur till near dark.

The Sixth Corps moved on Farmville, but found the road obstructed, first by the Twenty-fourth Crops and afterward by the cavalry, so that it was late in the day before Major-General Wright reached that place, when the bridges were found burned. Major-General Wright immediately commenced the construction of a foot bridge over which, after night, he crossed his infantry, and a pontoon bridge having been thrown he crossed his artillery and trains.

On the 8th the direct pursuit was continued by the Second Corps on the Lynchburg pike and the Sixth on the plank road; the Fifth was ordered to Follow the Twenty-fourth Corps on the south side of the Appomattox, Major-General Wright finding fifteen guns abandoned on the road he was pursuing.

On the 9th Major-General Humphryes, with the Second Corps, having marched nearly all night, came up with the enemy about noon at a point three miles from Appomattox Court-House. Preparations were being made to attack when I received a letter from General Lee to the lieutenant-general commanding asking a suspension of hostilities. Understanding a truce had been agreed to by Major-General Ord, on the other side of the Court-House, I acceded to one till 2 p. m., by which time I received the orders of the lieutenant-general commanding to cease hostilities till further notice, and later in the afternoon I was advised by the lieutenant-general commanding that the Army of Northern Virginia has surrendered.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 13. April 10, 1865.

In conformity with orders form headquarters Armies of the United States, the troops of this army, excepting those of the Fifth Army Corps, will move to Burkeville and there encamp.

The following detailed instructions will govern in the execution of this movement, viz:

1. The Fifth Army Corps will remain at or near Appomattox Court-House until the stipulations for the surrender of the Confederate army, known as the Army of Northern Virginia, shall have been carried into effect and the captured and surrendered property secured.

2. The commanding officers of the Second and Sixth Army Corps will at once send their ammunition trains, under suitable guards, to Burkeville.

3. All subsistence stores, save those absolutely necessary for the maintenance of the troops on the march to Burkeville, will be left under charge of Captain L. W. Muzzey, commissary of subsistence of volunteers, to be by him turned over to the Fifth Army Corps. A guard of not more than 500 men will be detailed by the commanding officer

