
notified that the corps will follow by that route to-morrow. If the trains should need the ammunition train of the Artillery Brigade the officer commanding regiment escorting will direct that train to join the train of the corps and move with it to Burkeville.

By command of Major-General Humphryes:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

April 10, 1865.

The corps will move to-morrow at 10 a. m. to New Store on the road upon which it advanced to this place. Should it move farther to-morrow it will take the plank road at New Store. Order of march: First, Third Division and its trains; second, Second Division and its trains; third, the artillery, under the direction of Lieutenant-Colonel Hazard; fourth, the First Division; fifth, ambulances; sixth, a rear guard to be detailed by General Miles.

The pioneers of the Third Division will move in advance of it, of the Second and First Divisions in advance of the artillery, and repair the roads for it where necessary.

General Miles will leave a brigade in its present camp, from which will be detailed, on the requisition of the chief ordnance officer Army of the Potomac, the fatigue parties necessary to load his wagons with the ordnance stores captured from and surrendered by the enemy. When this shall have been done the brigade will accompany the train to Burkeville, as guard, and will then rejoin the corps.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 10, 1865.

Brevet Major-General Crawford, commanding Third Division, and Brevet Major-General Bartlett, commanding First Division, will at once establish a picket-line in front of their commands. General Bartlett's line will connect with the Twenty-fourth Corps on hills left and with General Crawford on his right. General Crawford will throw his line to pass the line. It has been reported that a number of our men have already passed over to the camps of the enemy.

By command of Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 8. April 10, 1865.

Brigadier General J. L. Chamberlain is hereby assigned to the command of the Third Brigade of this division. Bvt. Brigadier General A. L. Pearson is hereby assigned to the command of the First Brigade of this division.

By command of Brevet Major-General Bartlett:

WM. FOWLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

