
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

April 10, 1865.

The corps will move at 6 a. m. to-morrow, proceeding to Burkeville, via Farmville, in the following order: First Second Division; second, Their Division; third, First Division; fourth, Artillery Brigade.

The batteries now with the divisions will rejoin the Artillery Brigade with the exception of the battery attached to the leading division, which will accompany it. Corps headquarters train will follow this battery, and other headquarters trains and ambulances will follow the divisions to which they belong.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,April 10, 1865.

Major-General WILLCOX:

GENERAL: The following dispatch just received from General Williams:

General Lee surrendered his army at this place (Appomattox Court-House_ yesterday.

P. M. LYDIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Burkeville, April 10, 1865-1 p. m.

Major-General WILLCOX,

Commanding First Division:

Your dispatch in reference to scouts, &amp;c., received. As soon as you get anything definite in reference to approach of rebel cavalry from North Carolina and of Mosby, please let me know and make your arrangements to give them a warm reception. In reference to administering the oath of allegiance I have received in instructions and have none to give. My practice is to refuse to administer it. I allow no safeguards. But furnish guards for the persons of old men, women, and children in our immediate vicinity and on the route of march. In reference to taking the property of inhabitants, no property should be taken unless absolutely necessary for the wants of the army, and then under the direction of proper officers. Indiscriminate pillaging should be prevented. In reference to establishing depots on line of railway I have no authority. I presume that military depots on line of railway I have no authority. I presume that military depots will be kept up. I will, however, endeavor to arrange it. On issuing to persons outside of your command you must endeavor to replenish your stock from railroad depots.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Burkeville, April 10, 1865-11.15 p. m.

Major-General WILLCOX,

Commanding First Division:

I have just received your dispatch in reference to suggestions of General Ewell. General Grant has not yet arrived. I will submit

