
Burke's Station to-morrow, the brigade to be in readiness to move at 6 a. m., and the commanding officer of the brigade to report, at General Gran't headquarters at that hour.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Prospect Station, April 10, 1865.

The command will move to-morrow morning at 6 o'clock for burke's Station, via Prince Edward Court-House, and will encamp to-morrow evening in the vicinity of Sany Creek Church. The ground will be designated by an officer from these headquarters. All officers will be held responsible for the good conduct of their men. Forage must be procured by authorized forage parties.

The following will be the order of march. First the command of General Custere; Second Division, Major-General Crook commanding. Major-General Crook will detail a suitable rear guard to escort and cover the trains. All wagons except headquarters wagons will move in rear of the command.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

SPECIAL HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,

FIELD ORDERS Near Appomattox Court-House, April 10, 1865.

The Second Division, Twenty-fifth Corps, and Battery M, First U. S. Artillery, and the trains belonging to the command, will return to Richmond under command of Bvt. Brigadier General R. H. Jackson (who has been assigned to duty according to his brevet rank). Three days' rations will be taken with the command. All staff officers of the division will report to Brevet Brigadier-General Jackson without delay. The section of Battery M attached to General Mackenzie's division will report to its battery.

By command of Major-General Ord:

H. B. SCOTT,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

APPOMATTOX COURT-HOUSE, April 10, 1865.

Major-General GIBBON,

Commanding Twenty-fourth Army Corps:

On completion of the duties assigned you at this place you will proceed with the two divisions of your command now here, and the cavalry under the command of Brigadier-General Mackenzie, to Lynchburg, Va. It is desirable that there shall be as little destruction of private property as possible. If you find Lynchburg has been already occupied by our forces you can return to Burke's Station so soon as the fact is known to you. On reaching the vicinity of Lynchburg send a summons for the city to surrender. If it does so respect all private

