
property and parole officers and men garrisoning the place same as has been done here. If resistance is made you will be governed by your own judgment about the best course to pursue. If the city is surrendered, as it will all probability be, take possession of all public stores; such as may be of use to your command appropriate to their use; the balance distribute among the poor of the city. Save all the rolling-stock of the railroads, and if you find it practicable to do so bring it to Farmville and destroy a bridge to the rear of it. Destroy no other portio of the road. All the warlike material you find destroy or carry away with you. This accomplished, return to Burke's Station with your command and report your arrival to the department commander by telegraph.,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,April 10, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Are our officers and men prisoners in the enemy's hands and captured with their army to return to duty, or are they to wait a regular exchange? I think they ought to be returned to duty at once.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General.

PROSPECT STATION, April 10, 1865-9.20 p. m.

Major-General GIBBON,

Appomattox Station:

I suppose our men held by the enemy at the time of surrender could properly by claimed as recaptured, and that General Lee would not have objected to it, but he asked me what I proposed in the matter, and I told him that I would regard them as prisoners of war delivered up to us to be paroled until exchanged.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,April 10, 1865.

Brigadier General R. S. FOSTER,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that the brigade commanders of colored troops in your command report at once to General Jackson, of General Ord's staff.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Brevet Major-General Turner, commanding Independent Division.)

