HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE JAMES,April 10, 1865.

Bvt. Major General J. W. TURNER,

Commanding Independent Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you relieve the picket-line of the Second Division, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, now on your front, with troops of this command. You will report compliance as soon as practicable.

I am, general, very respectfully,

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,April 10, 1865.

Brigadier-General MACKENZIE,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you will send, without delay, one brigade of your command to the road north of the Appomattox Court-House, for the purpose of receiving the sabers, accouterments, &amp;c., of the cavalry of the Confederate army surrendered to the United States on the 9th instant. They will be placed in position by Major Embler, aide-de-camp, who will be on the road. The brigade will remain in position all night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 10, 1865.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The orders in relation to relegation services in Richmond were verbal, and were applicable alike to all religious denominations, without distinction of sect. They were, in substance, that no expression would be allowed in any part of any church service, in the form of prayer, preaching, or singing, which in any way implied a recognition of any other authority than that of the United States, or gave any countenance to the rebellion. The clergy were notified that nay prayers for the rebel Government or officials, or for the success of the rebellion, would be considered as treason, and punished as such. As in the ritual in use in the Episcopal churches here there was a form of prayer for in use in the Episcopal churches here there was a form of prayer for the rebel authorities they were ordered to omit it. No orders were given as to what would be preached or prayed for, but only as to what would not be permitted. Neither in New Orleans, Norfolk, Charleston, Savannah, or any other captured city, as I have been informed, have the Episcopal churches been ordered at first to adopt the form of prayer for the President of the United States. Do you desire that I should order this form of prayer to be used in the Episcopal. Roman Catholic, Hebrew, and other churches where they have a prescribed liturgy and form of prayer? I have had personally but there inter-

