
views with Judge Campbell-two of them in the presence of, and the other by the written command of, the President of the United States. In neither of these interviews was any question discuses in relation to church or prayers. Those interviews were all held with a view to attain a certain result, and to attain this result I was advised by the President to make concessions in small matters. The above was done in accordance with this advice. The autograph order from the President, which I now have, compels me to hold conference with Judge Campbell on a certain subject. The surrender of Lee's army removed the necessity for further conference. Shall I stop it? The Honorable Green Clay Smith has just called on me, and says that in the Episcopal church which he attended prayers were offered for those in authority. Similar prayers, I am told, were offered in other Episcopal churches, and all present understood them to refer to our Government.

In the course I have pursued, by following the advice of the President, I have intended to show him the greatest respect, instead of any disrespect. One of may staff conferred with Mr. Dana, the Assistant Secretary, and distinctly understood him to authorize and sanction my course upon this subject.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, April 10, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

The people here an anxious that Mosby should be included in Lee's surrender. They say he belongs to that army.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, April 10, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL:

If Colonel Sumner has not started for these headquarters with his regiment, or if he is within reach, place him south of Petersburg on duty with his regiment. I expect to reach Richmond to-morrow.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 4. Petersburg, Va., April 10, 1865.

* * * * *

2. Bvt. Brigadier General C. S. Russell, commanding brigade, Twenty-fifth Army Corps, is hereby assigned to the command of the post of City Point, Va., relieving Brevet Brigadier-General Collis. General Collis will turn over to General Russell all the quarters, books, papers, and property pertaining to the post, together with the instructions that have governed him. Until further orders General Russell will exercise his command under these instructions. General Collie will march immediately with his command to Farmville, in accordance with instructions of General Meade through General Warren.

By command of Major-General Hartsuff:

J. M. HOWARD,Assistant Adjutant-General.

