
wherever you may find it. Use your dismounted men as small guards immediately on the railroad throughout the line covered by your pickets, so as to protect such places on the road as could be easily and quickly destroyed or injured, and report the new line you take up.

GEO. LL. HARTSUFF,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 10, 1865-3 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Winchester, Va.:

The Secretary of War directs that you will have printed and circulated the correspondence between Generals Grant and Lee on the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia. All detachments and stragglers from that army will, upon complying with the conditions agreed upon, be paroled and permitted to return to their homes. Those who do not so surrender will be brought in as prisoners of war. The guerrilla chief Mosby will not be paroled.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 10, 1865.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that a salute of 200 guns be fired in front of the City Hall in this city at 12 o'clock to-day. Please acknowledge receipt.;

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 10, 1865.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Washington:

GENERAL: The Secretary of War directs that a cavalry force with a section of artillery be sent to the Neck between the Potomac and Rappahanock Rivers. They will be supplied with printed copies of the correspondence between Generals Grant and Lee, for the surrender of the Army of Northern virginia, for distribution through the country. All detached parties or stragglers belonging to that army who comply with the conditions of the surrender will be permitted to return to their homes on parole. Those who do not comply with those terms will be brought in as prisoners of war. The guerrilla chief Mosby will under no consideration be paroled. Having broken up all hostile organizations on the Neck the party will return to Washington. You will arrange with the Navy Department for the co-operation of gun-boats.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

