HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, Washington, D. C. April 10, 1865.

General GAMBLE,Commanding, Fairfax Court-House:

Please inform me if the rebels under Captain Baylor, that your men fought to-day, are a part of Major Chapman's command in the Northern Neck; and if so learn where Chapman is with the remainder of his command . Answer by 9 o'clock to-morrow morning.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, April 10, 1865-9.30 p. m. (Received 10.10 p. m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR:

The scout under Colonel Clendenin, Eighth Illioins Cavalry, to Loudoun Valley has just returned. Captured 2 rebels and 20 horses. Mosey, with one battalion, on Saturday crossed Blue Ridge to the Shenandoah to capture and plunder Hancock's trains south of CK] when a safe opportunity offers. One company of Mosey's men was sent to steal horses from my lines. The battalion from mosey Northern Neck came to-day to steal mosey quartermaster's animals at Mosey's Station, and was badly whipped by the Eighth Illinois Cavalry at Fairfax and Mosey's Station. Five rebels killed, 6 horses and equipments captured, and 8 horses killed. Our loss was 2 men slightly wounded, 5 horses killed, and 4 horses wounded. The rebels outnumbered us three to one, but the Eighth Illinois Cavalry will fight anything. General Augur's telegram received, and will be answered to-morrow morning.

MOSEY. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

APRIL 10, 1865.

General GAMBLE:

I have just come into camp from a fight with a battalion of Mosey's men, under command of Baylor. I whipped him like thunder, captured a number of horses and some provisions. Had a few men wounded and a half dozen horses killed. Will send a full account at an early hour.

MOSEY. CK],

Colonel.

WINCHESTER, April 10, 1865.

General STEVENSON:

Dwight' division moves to Summit Point to-day. You can then relieve all dismounted cavalry as far as Charlestown. General Dwight will be directed to protect the railroad from your post at Charlestown to the Opequon bridges.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

