
Appomattox have moved forward to Burkeville, or to points south of there, when it will break up the post at Farmville and join its command.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 92. April 11, 1865.

I. In conformity with instructions from Lieutenant-General Grant the brigade of the Ninth Corps, now garrisoning Farmville, Va., will remain at that point all the troops of the United States shall have crossed the Appomattox, and moved to Burkeville, or south of that place, when it will rejoin the corps.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Danville, Va., April 11, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding U. S. Forces:

GENERAL: The government of Virginia, of which I am the executive head, is for the present located in this town. Elected by the people, under an organized State constitution, and in conformity to the laws of the Commonwealth, it is my duty to look to the interests of the people to the best of my ability. In view of the reported surrender of General Lee, and in ignorance of its terms. I respectfully propound the following questions: Will the State government, represented by me, be superseded by a military or civil organization under your authority or that of the Federal Government? Will the State officials of the Virginia government be subjected to military arrest, and will they be allowed peaceably to leave the State for Europe should they desire to do so? I send this dispatch in charge of my aide, Lieutenant Colonel P. B. Smith, and William D. Coleman, esq., of this town, who will receive your reply, which I respectfully ask.

I have the honor to be, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. SMITH.

HDQRS. DETACH. FIFTIETH NEW YORK VOL. ENGINEERS, Farmville, Va., April 11, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel J. C. DUANE,

Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I would respectfully recommend the following-named officers for promotion:

First. Major James H. McDonald, Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for gallant and meritorious services in front of Petersburg since December 1, 1864, in superintending the construction of field -works and obstructions under the enemy's fire, for persistently remaining on active duty in the field while suffering from a painful wound received at Fredericksburg on the 11th of December, 1862, instead of accepting a position offered him in the Invalid or Veteran Reserve Corps, and for efficient and meritorious

