
services in constructing roads and bridges, and morning communications for the army and army trains since the commencement of the advance on the enemy's lines on the 29th of March last.

Second. Major William W. Folwell, Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for gallant and meritorious services in front of Petersburg since December 1, 1864, in superintending the construction of field-works and obstructions under the enemy's fire, for efficiency in fitting up and preparing pontoon trains for the field, and for efficient and meritorious services in constructing roads and bridges during the late movements of the army.

Third. Charles N. Hewitt, surgeon, Fiftieth New York Volunteers Engineers and surgeon-in-chief Engineer Brigade, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for gallant and meritorious services in front of Fredericksburg on the 11th and 12th of December, 1862, for his careful and skillful treatment of the wounded of his own and other regiments on that occasion, for the same good conduct at the construction of the bridges at Franklin crossing, below Fredericksburg, on the 5th of Jones, 1863, for the able and skillful manner in which he has managed the affairs of his department since the crossing of the Rapidan in the spring of 1864, for his untiring zeal and energy in searching out all the men of his regiment sent to general hospitals, and having them as well as the men in his won hospital returned to duty as soon as they are able, as shown in his reports to the medical director of the army, and especially for the able manner in which he has managed his department since the commencement of the late movements of the army.

Fourth. Captain Martin Van Brocklin, Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, brevet major, U. S. Volunteers, to be lieutenant-coloenl by brevet major, U. S. Volunteers, to be lieutenant-coloenl by brevet for gallant and meritiorious services in superintending under the fire of the enemy the construction of field-works and obstructions in front of Petersburg, since December, 1864, for his skill and judgment displayed in the construction of Fort Stevneson, for his promptness and universal good conduct as an officer, and especially for the able manner in which he has handled his pontoon train during the late movement of the army, and the skillful and rapid manner in which his bridges were constructed over Hatcher's Run, Gravelly Run, and the Appomattox, at Farmville.

Fifth. Captain Michael H. McGrath, Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, to be major by brevet for gallant and meritorious services in front of Petersburg, in superintending, under the enemy's fire, the construction of field-works and obstructions in front of Petersburg, particularly for good conduct in the construction, under a heavy fire, of the two redoubts in the rear of the main line, near the Avery house and Friend house, and also for valuable services in opening communications and building roads and bridges during the late movements of the army.

Very respectfully,

I. SPAULDING,

Brevet Colonel, Commanding .

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 20, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded approved.

J. C. DUANE,Major of Engs. and Bvt. Colonel, Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac.

45 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

