
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, FIRST DIV., Numbers 3. FIFTH ARMY CORPS, April 11, 1865.

I. The general commanding having been ordered to another command hereby takes leave of this brigade. In thus parting from troops to whom he has become attached by their soldierly behavior and gallant conduct in battle, the general cannot forbear to express his satisfaction that the whole course of this brief campaign found the First Brigade in the front line and at its triumphant close they exchanged the last shots with the enemy. To the officers of the field, staff, and lien, he tenders his thanks for their fidelity and courtesy, and to the whole command the assurance of his deep interest in them and of the pride with which he will ever remember that he once commanded the First Brigade.

By command of Brigadier-General Chamberlain:

THOMAS MITCHELL,

Acting Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Appomattox Court-House, April 11, 1865-5 p. m.

Brevet Major-General CRAWFORD,Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you send one good brigade to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas, chief quartermaster, at these headquarters, to accompany the captured transportation to Burkeville. The brigade to report as soon as possible this evening. The pioneers of the brigade will accompany it. The brigade commander will report his arrival at Burkeville to these headquarters .

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS, April 11, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps:

COLONEL: In obedience to instructions from headquarters Fifth Army Corps a regiment of General Coulter's brigade (One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers) was detailed to guard captured property at Appomattox Court-House. I have the honor to inquire weather this property is the same with General Coulter is to accompany to Burkeville, as in that case it will be unnecessary to relieve Major Funk, One hundred and twenty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, to-night. If it be not it is desirable that Major Funk's regiment be relieved by a regiment of another brigade, and that he be allowed to accompany his brigade.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

