HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, April 11, 1865.

Major-General WILLCOX,Commanding First Division:

Please tell Colonel Sanders there is no occasion for him to hurry. Let the dismounted men remain near some depot where they can be readily supplied until they receive further orders. You are right about the occupation of Blacks and Whites and picketing this side of it. Hartranft occupies Nottoway Court-House with one brigade.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

ORDRES.] CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS, Venable House, Va., April 11, 1865.

The command will march at 6 a. m. to-morrow on the direct road to Burke's Station, via Sandy Creek Church, and in the following order, viz: First, First Division; second, Second Division; third, Third Division. Brevet Major-General Custer will detail the necessary rear guard and escort for the trains from the Third Division. All wagons except headquarters wagons will move in rear of the command.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH CORPS, Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 11, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Armies of the United States:

COLONEL: By the arrangement made between the officersd appointed by Generals Grant and Lee each officer and man after being paroled is furnished with a printed certificate stating the fact that he is a paroled prisoner of war, signed by his own commanding officer or a staff officers of the same. A copy of the form of this certificate is inclosed, as also my order on the subject making the possession of this certificate the proof that the holder is a paroled prisoner. As these paroled prisoner. As these paroled prisoners will, in order to reach their homes, be scattered all over the country, I respectfully suggest that an order similar to mine be published by authority of Lieutenant-General requiring all officers and soldiers of the armies of the United States to respect and recognize these certificates, so that the officers and soldiers surrendered at this place may remain undisturbed by the United State authorities in accordance with the stipulations of the surrender, and that the order be generally published in the newspapers throughout the country.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 43. Appomattox Court-House, April 11, 1865.

By agreement between the officers appointed by Generals Lee and Grant to carry out the stipulations of the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia, the evidence that an officer or enlisted man is a

