
paroled prisoner of ward is the fact of his possessing a printed certificate certifying to the fact, dated at Appomattox Court-House, Va., April 10, 1865, and signed by his commanding officer or the staff officer of the same.

All guards, patrols, officers, and soldier of the U. S. forces will respect such certificates, allow free passage to the holders thereof, and observe in good faith the provisions of the surrender, that the holders shall remain unmolested in every respect.

By command of Major General John Gibbon:

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

BURKE'S STATION, April 11, 1865.

Major-General GIBBON,

Appomattox Station:

Owing to the excessive bad state of the roads I think you had better load your supplies, on the captured trains and move them up by rail as you progress. Returning, the same means of transportation might be used. I expect you will find the captured teams too weak to bring back all the artillery, arms, &amp;c. If so, destroy the caissons and such small-arms as cannot be moved. Leave wagons for the country people to pick up, and double team so as as to send back the artillery and as many of the wagons as you can loaded with small-arms.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

APPOMATTOX COURT-HOUSE, April 11, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch received. I have picked up in addition to the pieces surrendered fifty-four pieces of artillery. I do not know whether the Army of the Potomac will be teams enough to take everything back. The captured to leave here to-morrow, but the surrender goes on slowly, and questions come up which I have to decide. If it is important I should start soon please telegraph.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Appomottax Court-House, April 11, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

A lieutenant sent out as a scout by my direction has just come in from Lynchburg, where the mayor of the city delivered over the town to him. I have directed General Mackenzie to at once proceed there and carry out your instructions in regard to the public property found there.

JOHN GIBBON,Major-General.

