HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Appomattox Court-House, April 11, 1865-12 midnight.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Commanding:

A delegation of citizens has just reached here from Lynchburg with a letter from the president of the city council proposing to surrender the town. General Turner with his division and Mackanzie's cavalry will start in the morning to carry out your instructions. There is a large amount of railroad stock in the city which cannot be brought off, but I think should not be destroyed, for it will assist the people in getting in provisions, which are scarce. Please instruct me what to do in regard to it.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 42. Appomattox Court-House, April 11, 1865.

All officers and men of the U. S. forces, held as prisoners of war by General Lee, C. S. forces, at the time of the surrender of his army on the 9th instant, will be considered as prisoners of war on parole. They will proceed to Annapolis, Md., under charge of their officers, and will report to the commanding officer at Camp Parole, at that place.

By command of Major General John Gibbon:

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 11, 1865-4 p. m. (Received 6.45 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Yours of 9.30 has just reached me, and I start immediately for City Point. I am informed, however, that General Grant and his staff will arrive there to-night, and I presume in that case you will not wish me to go the front.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 11, 1865-12 m.

Major-General WEITZEL,

Richmond, Va.:

The Secretary of War directs me to say that your explanation in regard to the omission of prayers for the President in the city j of Richmond is not satisfactory, and that there is a conflict of statement between yourself and Mr. Dana, who asserts that he gave no direction our authority upon the subject to General Shepley or to any other officer. The Secretary also directs me to instruct you that officers commanding in Richmond are expected to require from al religious denominations in that city, in regard to their rituals and prayers, no less respect the President of the United States than they practiced toward the rebel chief, Jefferson Davis, before he was driven from the capital.

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General.

