
WINCHESTER, VA., April 11, 1865. (Received 11.45 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

In view of the fact that a great many of Lee's men are residents of the vicinity and under the terms of the surrender are allowed to come home, I think it advisable to contract my lines and to give the people of the small towns I occupy every freedom consistent with the situation. I therefore propose shortly to move the great bulk of the army back toward Harper's Ferry.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General .

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 11, 1865-1 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Winchester, Va.:

I think your troops should not fall back till we can consult General Grant. I do not wish to trouble him with these matters just now. He is probably waiting the effect of Sherman's and Stoneman's operations.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTES MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, April 11, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I did not intend to fall back without your sanction, but in view of the large manner of Confederate prisoners who will be here shortly, and whose homes we are occupying in one way and another, and on account of the better discipline of troops, I think it best to occupy as little ground as possible. The people in many case will commence putting in small crops if they can get an opportunity. The secessionists here have apparently given up all idea of a Confederacy and appear to be inclined to commence anew.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, April 11, 1865.

Colonel JOHN S. MOSBY,Commanding Partisans:

COLONEL: I am directed by Major-General Hancock to inclose to you copies of letters which passed between General's Grant and Lee on the occasion of the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia. Major-General Hancock is authorized to receive the surrender of the forces under your command on the same conditions offered to General Lee, and will send an officer of equal rank with yourself to meet you at any point and time you may designate convenient to the lines for the purpose of arranging details should you conclude to be governed by the example of General Lee.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

