
FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, April 11, 1865. (Received 2 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR:

The company of Mosby's men reported gone to Maryland left Upperville last Saturday morning down the Loudoun toward the Potomac, but I have not been able to ascertain where they intended crossing the river. I think they scattered and went over in disguise to avoid suspicion at different points.

W. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., April 11, 1865 .

Major ROBERT P. KENNEDY,

Asst. Adjt. General, Dept. of West Virginia, Cumberland, Md.:

Dispatch received. Glorious. We fire 200 guns to-day and have a general illumination to-night. Guerillas troublesome on Guyandotte River lately, but under recent orders to be ready to move at a moment's notice I could not send expeditions against them, as men would be gone several days. Can I do so now?

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding First Separate Brigade.

CITY POINT, April 12, 1865-10 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Grant, with his staff, arrived here at 5 a.m. to-day. The surrender of Lee's forces was not yet completed, all their company rolls having been lost in their flight, but they would be replaced i na day or two. The number of men surrendered is estimated at 20,000, but may exceed that. Lee himself could only guess how many he had left. The artillery is but about 50 and 400 wagons. Of muskets, not over 10,000 will be surrendered, about half of Lee's men having lost or thrown away their muskets on the road. They were also out of food and called for rations as soon as the surrender was agreed upon. General Gant had a long private interview with Leer, who said that he should devote his whole efforts to pacifying the country and bringing the people back to the Union. He had always been for the Union his heart and could find no justification for the politicians who had brought on the war, whose origin he believed to have been in the interview he had asked for some time ago they would certainly have agreed on terms of peace, then, as he was prepared to teat for the surrender of all the Confederate armies. The war had left him a poor man, with nothing but what he had upon his person, and his wife would have to provide for herself until he could find some employment. The officers of Lee's army all seemed to be glad that it was over, and the men still more so than the officers. All were greatly impressed by the generosity of the terms finally given them, for at the time of the surrender they were surrounded and escape was impossible. General Grant thinks that these terms were of great importance toward securing a thorough peace and undisturbed submission to the Government. After the surrender Rosser and Fitzhugh Lee escaped. Lee told General Grant that his

