
not removal from the general hospital of the Confederate at Farmville. I found on my arrival that all our Army of the Potomac wounded (1,800) had been sent by railroad to City Point; also about 200 of the Army of the James, and about 200 of General Sheridan's calvary--total, 2,200. They had been promptly sheltered, fed, and attended to in the division hospitals, Ninth Corps, and in warehouses. A vacant Confederate hospital is here, but not used by the medical officers of this army. A bakery is in operation. Everything has been most satisfactorily arranged and conducted here for the proper reception and care of the wounded by Colonel Dalton and Inspector Lidell. With care departure of the train of this day at noon all of the 2,200 had been sent to Depot Base Hospital, City Point, except 120 prisoners of war. On the cars the patients have two day's cooked rations, with medical officers, attendants, and supplies. I am much pleased with the efficiency displayed by the medical department here and the preparations made preceding the arrival of any wounded. My medical purveyor's train (thirty-six wagons) was here and drawn upon. It is now here with supplies ready for issue.

THS. A. McPARLIN,

Surgeon, Brevet Lieutenant-Coloenl, U. S. Army, Colonel and Medical Director, Army of the Potomac.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 169. Washington, April 12, 1865.

* * * *

31. By direction of the President Bvt. Brigadier General Henry L. Abbot, U. S. Volunteers, coloenl First Connecticut Artillery, is hereby assigned to duty according to his brevet rank.

* * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPT., ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, April 12, 1865.

The Secretary of War directs that the bureaus of the War Department be closed at 2 p. m. to-morrow, the 13th April, and that the necessary preparations be made for an illumination of the officers of all the bureaus the same evening at 8 o'clock.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 12, 1865.

The corps will move to-morrow to Burkeville, starting at 7.30 a. m. Order of march: Fist, First Division and its trains; second, corps headquarters train; third, Second Division and its trains. The pioneers of Second Division will be sent to the head of the column.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

