
CALVARY HEADQURTERS, Burkeville, Va., April 12, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of WAr:

I have the honor to forward to the Department, through Colonel Sherman of my staff, the colors captured by the cavalry portion of Dinwiddie Court-House, Five Forks, and the series of cavalry engagements from the Sutherland Station along the Appomattox to Tabernacle Church; also, at the engagements at Jetersville, Sailor's Creek, and Appomattox Court-House, where the Confederate Army of the Northern Virginia surrendered to Lieutenant-General Grant. May I request that leave of absence for thirty days be granted to the gallant captors, and that they may be paid up to the present time? The colors captured by the infantry portion of my command, and by General Mackenzie's division of cavalry, will be forwarded as soon as they can be collected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

ORDERS.] CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS, Burke's Station, April 12, 1865.

The command will march to-morrow at 6 a. m. for Nottoway Court-House via Max's Mills, and go into camp at that point for the purpose of refitting. The following will be the order of march: First, Second Division, Major-General Crook commanding; second, Third Division, Colonel Capehart commanding; third, First Division, Brigadier-General Devin commanding. All wagons except those belonging to headquarters will move in rear of the command, escorted by a suitable guard detailed from the First Calvary Division.

By order of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., April 12, 1865.

Major-General GIBBON,

Appomattox Station:

Do not destroy railroad stock, shops, or anything connected with the railroad. It is only warlike material that I want destroyed or carried off.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, April 12, 1865-3.40 p.m .

General J. GIBBON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Appomattox Court-House:

Please cause General Lee to be informed that I have just seen General Custis Lee, who thinks that his brother, Lieutenant Robert E. Lee, assistant adjutant-general, is in one of the hospitals at Burke's Station, wounded in the arm, but not dangerously so. I have requested Gen-

