
earl Parke to make inquiries to ascertain whether Lieutenant Lee is at Burke's Station, and to telegraph you to result of his inquiries. General Custis Lee has been paroled for ten days and is just leaving for Richmond.

S. WILLIAMS,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. INDEPENDENT DIV., 24TH ARMY CORPS, April 12, 1865.

Brigade commanders will throw out a few pickets in front and rear to-night, with sentinels on color line to be vigilant and watchful. The command will move at 5 o'clock to-morrow morning in the following order: Third Brigade, Second Brigade, First Brigade, ammunition wagons, ambulances, division headquarters wagons, brigade headquarters wagons in order of march . Colonel Potter will furnish a rear guard of wagon train. Brigade commanders will select picked men to march on the side of the column to prevent straggling. Every effort must be made to keep men in ranks.

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 12, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The following just handed me:

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: The events of the last few days, in my judgment, are of a nature to require the cessation of hostilities throughout the Confederate States on the part of those who command their forces. My impression is that the military commanders will adopt the same conclusion. I have prepared a telegram to General Taylor, who is in command at Mosbile, acquainting him with the facts, which I request may bee forwarded as fast as possible, if not incompatible with your views of propriety. My object is to prevent the further effusion of blood and destruction of property.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. CAMPBELL.

Lieutenant General R. TAYLOR,

Commanding at Mobile, Ala.:

The cities of Richmond and Petersburg were evacuated the 2nd instant, and occupied by the armies of the United States. The next day Mr. Davis and the principal officers left Richmond before the occupation. General Lee, after several engagements, surrendered the Army of Northern Virginia the 9th instant, near Farmville. The men are paroled, and the officers allowed to retain their side-arms and private property and were also paroled. Persons and property have been protected in the cities. I conversed with President Lincoln on the 3rd and 4th on the subject of peace. His indispensable conditions are the restoration of the authority of the United States and the disbanding of the troops, and no receding on his part from his position on the slavery question as defined in his message in December and other official documents. All other questions to be settled on terms of sincere liberality. He says that to any State that will promptly accept these terms he will relinquish confiscation, except where third persons have acquired adverse interests. My counsel is to cease hostilities, and that the States convene their legislatures to take measures to secure peace.

J. A. CAMPBELL,.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

