
CITY POINT, VA., April 12, 1865.

Major General E. O. C. ORD,

Commanding Department of the James:

As most of the State of Virginia is within your command Lieutenant-General Grant desires to transfer to you Brigadier General M. R. Patrick, at present provost-marshal-general of the Armies operating against Richmont, with the propose of having you appoint him provost-marshal-general of your department, with the view of giving him special and immediate control of affairs at Richmond. The Twentieth New York, his provost guard, has also been ordered to report to you for the use of General Patrick. General Patrick's integrity and purity of character, his f familarity with the people and affairs of Virginia, and business qualifications, will, it is believed, make him invaluable to you in the position indicated, and he is therefore fully commenced to you as an able, useful, moderate, and honest officer.

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, Numbers 35. Richmond, Va., April 12, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel A. Badeau, of Lieutenant-General Grant's staff, having been temporarily attached to the department staff will be obeyed accordingly.

By command of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 12, 1865-9 a. m.

Major-General WEITZEL,

Richmond, Va.:

I have see your dispatch to Colonel Hardie about the matter of prayers. I do not remember hearing prayers spoken of while I was in Richmond, but I have no doubt you have acted in what appeared to you to be the spirit and temper manifested by me while there. Is there any sign of the rebel legislature coming together on the understanding of my letter to you? If there is any such sign inform me what it is. If there is no such sign you may withdraw the offer.

A. LINCOLN.

RICHMOND, VA., April 12, 1865-12 m. (Received 3 p.m.)

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the Union States:

You spoke of not pressing little points. You said you would not order me, but if you place you would not press them. The passports have gone out for the legislature, and it is common talk that they will come together.

GODFREY WEITZEL,

Major-General, Commanding.

