
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 12, 1865-6 p.m.

Major-General WEITZEL,

Richmond, Va.:

I have just seen Judge Campbell's letter to you of the 7th. He assumes, as appears to me, that I have called the insurgent legislature of Virginia together, as the rightful legislature of the State, to settle all differences with the United States. I have no such thing. I spoke of them not as a legislature, but as "the gentlemen who have acted as the legislature of Virginia in support of the rebellion." I did this on purpose to exclude the assumption that I was recognizing them as a rightful body. I dealt with them as men having power de facto to do a specific thing, to wit, "do withdraw the Virginia troops and other support from resistance to the General Government," for which in the paper handed Judge Campbell I promised a specific equivalent, confiscation of their property. I meant this and no more. Inasmuch, however, as Judge Campbell misconstrues this, and is still pressing for an armistice, contrary to the explicit statement of the paper I gave him, and particularly as General Grant has since captured the Virginia troops, so that giving a consideration for their withdrawal is no longer applicable, let my letter to you and the paper to Judge Campbell both be withdrawn or countermanded and he be notified of it.

Do not now allow them to assemble, but if any have come allow them safe return to their homes.

A. LINCOLN.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DETACH. ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 99. Richmond, Va., April 12, 1865.

* * * *

IV. Al the troops of the Twenty-fifth Army Corps will move at6 a. m. to-morrow, the 13th instant, taking the Richmond and Petersburg turnpike. They will encamp to-morrow night on the north bank of the Appomattox River, near Petersburg. The order of march will be as follows: First, infantry column; second, ambulance train; third, artillery; fourth, wagon train.

By order of Major General G. Weitzel:

D. D. WHEELER,Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., April 12, 1865. (Received 11 a. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

In accordance with the instructions of General Grant I yesterday sent a communication to Mosby, offering to receive the surrender of his command on the same terms as indicated in General Grant's dispatch to General Lee. I have as yet no answer. It is quite as likely that Mosby will disband as that he will formally surrender, as all his men have fire animals, and are generally armed with two pistols only. They will not give up these things, I presume, as long as they can escape. I will employ the calvary force here in hunting them down.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

