
manding First Brigade, First Division, Fifth Army Corps, as a reward for conspicuous gallantry and meritorious service during this campaign. General Chamberlain particularly distinguished himself in the action on the Quaker road, March 29, 1865, in which his single brigade, composed of the One Hundred and ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, he successfully with his single brigade, composed of the One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers and One hundred and eighty-fifth New York Volunteers, he successfully withstood and repulsed the attack of a vastly superior force of the enemy, receiving in his own person tow painful wounds, notwithstanding which he retained command of his brigade and fought it while the action lasted. In the battle of Five Forks, April 1, and in the subsequent forced marches of the corps, and in the culminating battle at Appomattox Court-House, April 9, General Chamberlain's bravery and efficiency were such as to entitle him to the highest commendation. In this last action, April 9, his brigade had the advance and was driving the enemy rapidly before it when the announcement of the surrender of General Lee was made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Appomattox Court-House, April 13, 1865.

Brevet Major-General BARTLETT,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding desires that you send out at once a good sized regiment to go through the rebel camps and pick up the small-arms left there. The arms gathered up will be stacked by the side of the road, so that wagons may be sent to bring them in.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, FIRST DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS, April 13, 1865.

Captain WILLIAM FOWLER,Asst. Adjt. General, First Division, Fifth Army Corps:

CATPAIN: Pursuant to instructions I have collected in the deserted rebel camp some 400 or 500 stand of arms, and stacked them near the road. There are also reaming in the camp 1 light 12-pounder brass piece of artillery, some 20 caissons, and a large number of wagons still uninjured.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. CHAMBERLAND,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, April 13, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I have the honor to recommend that the rank of brevet major-general of volunteers be conferred upon Brigadier General S. G. Griffin, U. S. Volunteers, of Second Brigade, Second Division, of this corps, for

