
the gallant conduct and conspicuous bravery displayed by him while commanding his brigade in a charge upon the enemy's main line in front of Petersburg on 2nd instant, which resulted in a capture of a portion of his works and contributed largely toward his subsequent total discomfiture; also for the able manner in which he handled the division after its gallant commander, Brevet Major-General Potter, received a severe wound and was carried from the field. I have the honor to recommend also that Bvt. Brigadier General John I. Curtis, Forty-fifth Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, Second Division, be promoted to the full rank of brigadier-general of volunteers, for gallantry on the same occasion, he having led his brigade in person, and contributed greatly toward the success of the day, and Colonel Samuel Harriman, Thirty-seventh Wisconsin Volunteers, commanding First Brigade, First Division, to the rank of brevet brigadier-general of volunteers for general efficiency as a brigade commander and gallant conduct inthe operation s resulting inthe capture of Petersburg.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 13, 1865.

General CURTIN,Farmville:

Did the courier reach you last night? Can you send the rations to Griffin by railroad? Please report concerning the communication with Griffin as soon as possible. Can you get hold of the trains of cars? If the courier did not reach you will you send to Griffin at Appomatox Court-House and tell him that 50,000 rations for his corps are at Farmville. Let him get the cars down to you if he needs rations. Answer soon.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

FARMVILLE, April 13, 1865.

Major-General WEBB:

The courier reached me at and early hour this morning. Isent dispatch and communicated with General Griffin by rail this morning. Will not hear form him until late to-day. The rations, however, will be forwarded this day. The cars are here waiting for the supply train to arrive which left Burkeville yesterday morning. It is now within a mile of this place and I will have the supplies transferred to the cars immediately on its arrival. I understood by officers who left General Griffin yesterday morning that his command would need rations to-day. I therefore send these on without waiting to hear from him. The officer in charge of supply train reported to me this morning, reporting his train could not leave sooner on accountof the roads. The cars here brought wounded down yesterday and have been detained for the arrived of the supplies.

JNO. I. CURTIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

