
The Army of the James has just sent in a telegraphic estimate for some 900 cavalry horses in addition to about 650 already supplied this month. That army should anticipate its want and give more accurate and timely notice of public wants. The faults is frequently with division and subordinate commanders. All these estimates will be filled as fast as transports can be found to transport the animals here.

Colonel G. W. Bradley, chief quartermaster of this depot, leaves at 1 p. m. for White House to make arrangements for the abandonment of that depot upon the departure of General Sheridan.

Mr. Allen, the agent for Captain Strang, arrived here last night with 340 contrabands, all that he could obtain from those brought in by General Sheridan.

The following-named vessels will have left for White House by the middle of the afternoon: Steames Diamond State, Monitor, Lizzie Baker, Valcan, Mary Washington, Maryland, and Wm. Whildon. There have also left for the same point within the past forty-eight hours the steamers Cossack, Clymont, Curlew, D. H. Mount, Keyport, C. Vanderbilt, Nellie Pentz, John Brooks, and John A. Warner.

Respectfully submitted.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier General and Chief Q. M. Armies operating against Richmond.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, March 22, 1865-8.30 p. m.

Brigadier General J. A. EKIN,First Division, Quartermaster-General's Office:

It is supposed Sheridan will be here by the 27th prepared for another march with the exception of 2,000 cavalry horses. The lieutenant-general directs me to obtain all that you can possibly send meantime. Both these armies require a large number yet. Please forward as rapidly as possible. If Sheridan does not detrain our transports unnecessarily at White House, General Rucker should be able to furnish sufficient transportation.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.

DEPOT ORDNANCE OFFICE, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, March 22, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have been notified that arrangements have been made by which I am to pay deserters for their arms at the rate of $8 per arm. I respectfully request from you a written order directing those payments to be used as a voucher of authority.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

C. E. DUTTON,

Lieutenant, Ordnance, Commanding Depot.

