HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 13, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL,Richmond, Va.:

There are some ladies in Richmond whom I beg to command to your favorable consideration. One is Mrs. Tucker, wife of Lieutenant Tucker, of the Confederate Army, and daughter of George M. Dallas, of Philadelphia. The others are daughters of Brigadier General Henry A. Wise, one of them my niece. I cannot give you the addresses of these ladies, but I presume you can readily ascertain where they are to be found. I would esteem it a personal favor if you would send to them and extend such consideration to them as circumstances permit. I fear their condition is such as to warrant an appeal to our humanity.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, April 13, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL;

Having understood that you would like to know something of our work in this city, I have the honor to report briefly, as follows:

1. We entered Richmond with the advance guard, our delegates having left the stations behind the works with the expectation that there would be an engagement, and that they might be of service in helping minister to the wounded.

2. Our present rooms, corner of Tenth and Capitol streets, were opened Monday afternoon, April 3.

3. We have distributed supplies, and visited hospitals, prisoners, troops, and needy citizens every day. When transportation could be had we have distributed rations to the hungry, requiring from all a voucher for their integrity.

The Young Men's Christian Association of this city, the leading pastros of the same, Mr. Mumford and Colonel Clapp, have aided us in many instances to furnish aid in a delicate way to very many suffering families. A tolerably accurate report gives us the following result for four days' distribution: (1) 1,941 rations distributed at the door; (2) 3,394 rations distributed at the door; (3) 845 (food ran out) rations distributed at the door; (4) 2,514 rations issued at the door.

In this account no reading has been distributed in large quantities, 20,000 copies of the leading newspapers, at least, having been circulated by us since Richmond was taken.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

E. F. WILLIAMS,

Agent, U. S. Christian Commission, Army of the James.

NORFOLK, VA., April 13, 1865.

Major-General WEITZEL,

Commanding Department, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: By your order Colonel Summer with his command reported to me on the 11th instant. I ordered him to Suffolk. I learn from General Graham that on the 12th Colonel Summer and his command

