
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 13, 1865.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

The Department, after mature consideration and consultation with the lieutenant-general upon the results of the recent campaigns, has come to the following determination, which will be carried into effect by appropriate orders to be immediately issued:

1. To stop all drafting and recruiting in the loyal States. 2. To curtail purchases for arms, ammunition, quartermaster and commissary supplies, and reduce the expenses of the military establishment in its several branches. 3. To reduce the number of general and staff officers to the actual necessities of the service. 4. To remove all military restriction upon trade and commerce so far as may be consistent with public safety.

As soon as these measures can be put in operation it will be made known by public orders.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., April 14, 1865. (Received 8.30 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I send you the farewell address of Lee to his army, which I obtained a copy of at Appomattox Court-House just as I left there day before yesterday:

GENERAL ORDERS,HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 9. April 10, 1865.

After four years of arduous service, marked by unsurpassed courage and fortitude, the Army of Northern Virginia has been compelled to yield to overwhelming numbers and resources. I need not tell the brave servitors of so many hard-fought battles, who have remained steadfast to the last, that I have consented to the result from no distrust of them. But, feeling that valor and devotion could accomplish nothing that could compensate for the loss that may have attended the continuance of the contest, I determined to avoid the useless sacrifice of those whose past services have endeared them to their countrymen. By the terms of the agreement officers and men can return to their homes and remain until exchanged. You will take with you the satisfaction that proceeds from the consciousness of duty faithfully preformed; and I earnestly pray that a merciful God will extend to you his blessing and protection. With an unceasing admiration of your constancy and devotion to your country and a grateful remembrance of your kind and generous considerations for myself, I bid you all an affectionate farewell.

R. E. LEE,

General.

E. B. WASHBURNE.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 14, 1865-12 p. m. (Sent 12.20 a. m., 15th.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

On night train to Burligton:

The President was assassinated at Ford's Theater at 10.30 to-night and cannot live. The wound is a pistol-shot through the head. Sec-

---------------

*See also version of this order as found with records of the cavalry of General Wesley Merritt, U. S. Army, Part I, p. 1267.

---------------

