HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 14, 1865-4.10 p. m.

Major-General GRIFFIN,Commanding Fifth Army Corsp:

We are paroling men here, and desire to know exactly upon what terms you parole them at Appomattox Court-House. Do you give them transportation anywhere? How about your rations? When will you probably leave Appomattox Court-House? Your camp-ground here is selected. What road will you take coming down?

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Appomattox Court-House, April 14, 1865. (Received 8 p.m .)

Major-General WEBB:

We have only paroled men belonging to the Army of Northern Virginia. The parole of the officers was taken for the men to the effect that the latter should not hereafter serve in the armies of the Confederate States or in any military capacity whatever against the United States or render aid to the enemies of the latter until properly exchanged in such manner as shall be mutually approved by the respective authorities. We have taken no paroles from privates, having kept a Confederate officer to give the parole for men of various commands, who came in after the departure of their commands. General Grant issued an order saying that officers and men paroled here, who to reach their homes are compelled to pass through the lines of the Union armies, will be allowed to pass free on all Government transports and military railroads. This order has been construed by us very liberally where officers and men have manifested an intention to go home and remain there, which large numbers have done. Shall be at Farmville Sunday, and shall require rations there. Shall return by the road along the railroad.

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

General Macy, please read and return, and give the transportation within our lines as ordered by General Grant.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GNEERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 31. April 14, 1865.

The corps will move to-morrow about 12 m. Division commanders and the commander of the Artillery Brigade will see that all their men are in camp ready to move with their commands. The following will be the order of march: Second Division, Third Division, First Division, artillery, ambulances, and trains. General Bartlett will detail a strong regiment as rear guard, which will drive up every straggler. Division commanders are requested to see that all broken-down horses and mules are turned loose.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant general

