HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, April 14, 1865.

Brevet Major-General BARTLETT,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to send the pioneers of your division, under your division pioneer officer, to destroy the caissons, limbers, and other property of the enemy left behind. The officer in command will report at once to Major Ashbrook, ordnance officer, First Division, who will give him the necessary instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 14, 1865.

Major-General WEBB,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Brevet Major-General Ricketts, the assigned commander of the Third Division of this corps, having reported for duty after his long disability arising from wounds received at the battle of Cedar Creek, October 19, I have the honor to request that he may be assigned by the President to duty according to his brevet rank of major-general of volunteers. Brigadier-General Seymour, who has so ably commanded the division during the absence of General Ricketts, will return to the command of a brigade in that division, unless the major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac can assign him to the command of a division in some other corps. General Seymour is one of the oldest of the brigadier-generals serving with the Army of the Potomac.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, April 14, 1865.l

Brigadier General S. G. GRIFFIN,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that your order the brigade of the Third Division now serving in your command to return to Nottoway Court-House and report to Brevet Major-General Hartranft. He desires that these troops start to-morrow morning.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTTOWAY, VA., April 14, 1865. (Received 8.50 p. m.)

General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

General Grant said to me that when helot to Richmond he would have General Irvin Gregg exchanged. As he did not go there will you have the kindness to have it done if possible.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

