HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, April 14, 1865.

Brevet Major-General BARTLETT,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The commanding gneeral desires you to send the pioneers of your division, under your division pioneer officer, to destroy the caissons, limbers, and their property of the enemy left behind. The officer in command will report last once to Major Ashbrook, ordnance officer, First Division, who will give him to necessary instructions.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 14, 1865.

Major-General WEBB,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Brevet Major-General Ricketts, the assigned commander of the Third Division of this corps, having reported from duty after his long disability arising from wounds received at the battle of Cedar Creek, October 19, 1864, I have the honor to request that he may be assigned by the President to duty according to his brevet rank of major-general commanding the Army of the Potomac can assign him to the command of a division in some other corps. General Seymour is one of the oldest of the brigadier-general serving with the Army of the Potomac.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, April 14, 1865.

Brigadier General S. G. GRIFFIN,Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that your order the brigade of the Third Division now serving in your command to return to Nottoway Court-House and report to Brevet Major-General Hartranft. He desires that these troops start to-morrow morning.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUGMAN,

Assistant Adjtuant-General.

NOTTOWAY, VA., April 14, 1865. (Received 8.50 p.m.)

General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

General Grant said to me that when he got to Richmond he would have General Irvin Gregg exchanged. As he did not go there will you have the kindness to have it done if possible.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 14, 1865-4 p.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Several applicants are here, some by General Shepley's invitation, to start a newspaper with the type and press of the Sentinel. I have declined to grant their application. Can you not send a reliable gentleman to attend to this matter? I am,where I can do so consistent with the interest of the service, kind to the submissive, and I am trying to make the military rule acceptable. In order to supply food and fuel and enable the poor or needy to get home, I am about to let the coal, canal, and Fredericksburg railroad companies open their communications with the city, and am grating passes home to civilians on the same terms Grant gave to Lee's army. Please correct me when this course may require it.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 39. Richmond, Va., April 14, 1865.

For the purpose of carrying out the requirements of General Orders, Numbers 36, current series, from these headquarters, it is order that all officers and soldiers having captured horses, carriages, or other private property in their possession, turn the same over at once to the quartermaster of their respective commands, to be forward to the depot quartermaster at Richmond, to the nearest provost-marshal, to be returned to the owners. Citizens having such captured property in their possession will turn the same over to the provost-marshal, to be returned to the owners. Citizens having such captured property in their possession will turn the same over to the provost-marshal.

Any person neglecting to comply promptly with this order will be placed in arrest and punished. Commanding officers will be held to strict accountability in reporting all cases of delinquency within their respective commands. Provost-marshals will make strict search for captured property in the hands of officers, and use the utmost vigilance in attending to the execution of this order.

By command of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 14, 1865.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

I have issued an order that any rebels coming and giving themselves up will be paroled on the same terms as Lee's army.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 14, 1865.

Major-General HARSUFF:

It is reported that the First New York Mounted Rifles are at Petersburg. Please order them to Richmond at once.

By order of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

