HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Halifax Road, Below Petersburg, April 14, 1865.

G. M. HUNTINGTON,Superintendent, &amp;c., City Point, Va.:

I am ordered into camp with my corps on the line of the military road from City Point to the late camp of the Army of the Potomac, beyond and upon its intersection with the Weldon road. Please to not allow this road to be disturbed, and make arrangements for trains to bring up my supplies from City Point. Regular trains daily would be desirable. I will be in camp to-night.

G. WEITZEL,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, April 14, 1865.

Captain FINLEY ANDERSON,Assistant Adjutant-General, First Corps, Washington:

The remaining regiments at Camp Stoneman will not move at present. Direct Colonel Morgan to place them in camp in shelter-tents convenient to Camp Stoneman.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, April 14, 1865.

General C. C. AUGUR,Commanding Department of Washington:

General Hancock has decided to send a force of cavalry and infantry through Loudoun and Fauquier Counties with the intention of breaking up Mosby's band. He had been summoned to surrender on the terms given Lee, but does not comply. All the cavalry here will move across the river near Front Roayl, crossing early Sunday morning, and by Sunday night will occupy a line from Ashby's Gap to Aldie so as to prevent egress. Infantry will be sent on the Blue Ridge. The general would like the co-operation of your cavalry. It should move by Leesburg, and connect on Sunday with General Torbert at Aldie and cover the ground to the river, holding all the roads over the Catoctin range, passing through to the west side if practicable. General Torbert will meet your commander at Aldie on Sunday and give him further instructions. The general instructions will bee to arrest every able-bodied man not provided with a parole, and to seize all serviceable animals found in the possession of people whose loyalty is not undoubted. The general desires all seizures to be made under direction of officers and with such care as to render reference easy to any particular case that any come up hereafter in the shape of claims for stock.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

