HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, April 14, 1865.

Brigadier-General DWIGHT:

An order is issued to-night directing a detail of one brigade of your division for special service. It will move to-morrow night with three days' rations in haversacks and six days' rations in wagons. The general wishes you to detail a brigade not commanded by a general officer if practicable, as General Egan, who is placed in command of the expedition composed of three brigades, has not much rank.

C. H., MORGAN,Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

HARPER'S FERRY, April 14, 1865.

General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

In accordance with the orders of the major-general commanding, I have withdrawn the force of dismounted men form Summit Point and ordered Major Lusk to occupy Charleston. He telegraphs me this morning that on arrival at Charleston he found the town occupied by Colonel Peck, One hundred and seventy-third New York Volunteers, who interfered with the execution of his orders. The general's directions, telegraph of 10th instant, are for me to "relieve all dismounted cavalry as far as Charleston. General Dwight will be directed to protect the railroad form your post at Charleston to the Opequoin bridge." This officer at Charleston is there evidently in violation of the expressed purpose of the general commanding. I would respectfully ask that he be ordered to withdraw his command from the post to the line of road, a contemplated by the general commanding.

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

WINCHESTER, April 14,1 865.

General STEVENSON:

General Dwight has been directed to withdraw the One hundred and seventy-third New York. Please send up to Stephenson's Depot, in care of Captain Wray, the canvas bridge train which arrived at the Ferry day before yesterday. It should be at Stephenson;s some time to-night.

C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, April 14, 1865.

General J. D. STEVENSON,

Harper's Ferry:

An order will reach you to-morrow directing you to picket the Shenandoah so as to prevent any crossing form Harper's Ferry to Evitt's Run for three or four days while a large force is operating in Loudoun. You can use any troops you see fit for that purpose. The men should

