
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 15, 1865.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

GENERAL: I beg to call your attention to the security of this city, and especially to the large number of rebel officers and privates, prisoners of war, and rebel refugees, and deserters that are among us, and ask you to see that adequate force and vigilance are employed. Directions were given Major-General Augur on this subject last night, and also instructions to look to the condition of the forts and defenses. Adequate provision may have been made, but at the present deplorable juncture I feel it my duty to ask you to consider yourself specially charged with all matters pertaining to the security and defence of this national capital. Please acknowledge the receipt of these instructions.

Your obedient servant,

EDQIN M. STATION,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 15, 1865-12.50 a. m.

JOHN W. GARRETT,

Baltimore:

Lieutenant-General Grant is now returning to this city, where he is recalled by the assassination of the President. Please have your road in readiness to give him the most prompt and unimpeded passage.

C. A. DANA.

CAMDEN STATION, April 15, 1865. (Received 3 a. m.)

Honorable C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I have instructed every arrangement to be made to insure the safety and the most prompt passage of the lieutenant-general. I am greatly shocked by the terrible calamity you announce. Pray advise us of any service we can render in any form.

J. W. GARRETT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 15, 1865.

Mrs. U. S. GRANT,

Burlington:

I am requested by the lieutenant-general to inform you of his safe arrival. Please inform Mrs. Dent. The President died this morning. There are still hopes of Secretary Seward's recovery.

S. H. BECKWITH.

CAMDEN STATION, Baltimore, April 15, 1865. (Received 12.15 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Please direct General Hancock to send a regiment of infantry to Haver de Grace bridge without delay. One company of cavalry should

