HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April, 15, 1865.

Major-General WEBB,Chief of Staff:

Wity deepest sorrow the dispatch announcing the assassination of the President of the United States and the Secretary and Assistant Secretary of State is received, and I advise that every officer of the rebel army within control of the Army of the Potomac be at once closely confined, with a view to retaliation upon their persons for so horrible an outrage.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 15, 1865.

Recommendations for promotion for gallant conduct at the battle of Petersburg, Va., April 2, 1865.

Staff, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps: Captain and Bvt. Major Andrew J. Smith, One hundred and twenty second New York Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel; Captain and Bvt. Major O. V. Tracy, One hundred nd twenty-second New York Volunteers, divisor inspector, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel; Captain E. S. Norvell, Sixth Maryland Volunteers, chief of pioneers, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, to be brevet major; First Lieutenant R. N. Verplanck, One hundred and eighteenth U. S. Colored Troops, aide-de-camp, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant S. H. Lewis, jr., Tenth Vermont Volunteers, provost guard, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps, to be brevet captain.

First Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Army Corps: Colonel William S. Truex, Fourteenth New Yersey Volunteers, commanding brigade, to be brevet brigadier-general; Captain and Bvt. Major Charles H. Leonard, assistant adjutant-general, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel; Captain and Bvt. Major Charles M. Bartruff, acting aide-de-camp, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel; Captain Benjamin F. Miller, acting aide-de-camp, to be brevet major; Lieutenant Colonel George B. Damon, Tenth Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet colonel; Lieutenant Colonel Alvah W. Briggs, One hundred and sixth New York Volunteers, to be brevet colonel; Lieutenant Colonel J. J. Janeway, Fourteenth New Yersey Volunteers, to be brevet colonel; Lieutenant Colonel Charles Bogardus, One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, to be brevet colonel; Captain Thomas Shaw, One hundred and sixth New York Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain and Bvt. Major s. c. Bailey, Fourteenth New Yersey Volunteers, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel; Captain Cornelius S. Barkalow, Fourteenth One Jersey Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain Hiram A. Kimball, One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain Hobart Williams, One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain George J. Oakes, One hundred and fifty-first New York Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain James Tearney, Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain Z. E. Hersh, Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain F. I. Thomas, Eighty-seventh Pennsylvania Volun-

