
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, March 22, 1865.

This corps will be reviewed to-morrow at 2.30 p. m.

1. The Second Division will reach the ground at 12.30 o'clock, and in crossing the Vaughan road, railroad, and approaching the review ground will move so as not to interfere with the First and Third Division moving to their positions.

2. The First and Third Divisions will reach the ground at 1.30 o'clock, approaching in such manner as not to interfere with each other or with the Second Division.

3. The artillery will reach the ground at 1 o'clock.

4. The formation will be line of battalions in mass, division front, brigade commanders to be opposite the right of their brigade. The troops will pass in review, closed in mass, at quick time, mounted officers only saluting.

5. The distance between battalions in line will be twenty-two paces except when a battalion is so large as to require more than that space to change direction by the flank.

6. Division commanders are requested to cause battalion commanders to see that their companies are sized march before the battalion is formed.

7. Upon reaching a point 100 yards on the right of the reviewing officers (the point will be marked by a stake) the battalions leaving the field will move at double-quick. Division commanders will send a staff officer to the point indicated to see that the order is carried out at the proper time.

8. After passing the reviewing officer staff officers of the division and brigade commanders will form successively on the right of the corps staff; orderlies and escorts in line, in rear of the staffs to which they are attached.

9. The troops will appear in heavy marching order.

10. Troops of the Fifth Corps will occupy the line during the review.

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

CHAS. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, March 22, 1865. (Received 9.45 a. m.)

Brevet Major-General WEBB,Chief of Staff:

I have to report all quiet in my front during yesterday and last night. Three deserters from Fourth North Carolina Cavalry were received last evening. They report all quiet in the rebel lines. Their regiment has been moved up to Hatcher's Run on picket duty. The Fourth North Carolina Cavalry belongs to Robert's brigade, of Lee's division. It is composed of Fourth and Sixteenth North Carolina and Eighth Georgia Cavalry (the Eighth Georgia was recently sent to Raleigh), Graham's battery, four pieces, and Lyon's battery, four pieces. This brigade is about 650 strong, all told. Barringer's brigade of cavalry, about 1,000 strong, is near Stony Creek, and is the finest brigade they have. These men brought with them their arms and equipments and two horses.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

