
teers, to be brevet major; Captain George W. Robbins, Fourteenth New Jersey Volunteers, commanding sharpshooters First Brigade, to be brevet major; First Lieutenant and Adjt. James M. Read, Tenth Vermont Volunteers, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant James C. Birge, One hundred and sixth New York Volunteers, to be brevet captain.

Second Brigade, Third Division, Sixth Volunteers, brigade inspector, to be brevet major; Colonel M. R. McClennan, One hundred and thirty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet brigadier general; Lieutenant Colonel Charles M. Cornyn, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteers, to be brevet colonel; Lieutenant Colonel James W. snider, Ninth New York Artillery, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel; Major Anson S. Wood, Ninth New York Artillery, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel; Captain and Bvt. Major S. B. Lamoreaux, Charles J. Gibson, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain Harrison D. Yarmett, One hundred and twenty-second Ohio Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain Corydon E. Patterson, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain James W. Moffat, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain John J. Bradshaw, Sixth Maryland Volunteers, to be brevet major; Captain Thomas Ocker, Sixth Maryland Volunteers, to be brevet major; First Lieutenant and Adjt. G. A. Brown, Ninth New York Artillery, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant and Adjt. G. A. Brown, Ninth New York Artillery, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant Jason L. Smith, One hundred and twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant Albert A. Hubbard, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant William H. Harry, One hundred and tenth Ohio Volunteers, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant Joseph L. Mahan, Sixth Maryland Volunteers, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant Thomas Duff, Sixth Maryland Volunteers, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant Thomas Duff, Sixth Maryland Volunteers, to be brevet Captain; First Lieutenant Albert F. Rittenhouse, Sixth Maryland Volunteers, to be brevet captain; First Lieutenant G. M. Eichelgerger, Sixth Maryland Volunteers, to be brevet captain.

T. SEYMOUR,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Washington, April 15, 1865-7 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN:

General Sherman is in motion after Johnston's army. It may be that instead of surrendering, Johnston may follow his usual tactics of falling back whenever too hard pressed. If os, Sherman has not got cavalry enough to head off and capture his army. I want you to get your cavalry in readiness to push south and make up this deficiency if it becomes necessary. Sherman expected to occupy Raleigh on the 13th, but does not say which way the enemy is moving. I hope to hear further from him almost any hour, and will inform you when I do.

U. S. GRANT,Lieutenant-General.

