
WASHINGTON, April 15, 1865-2 a. m.

Major-General ORD,

Richmond, Va.:

Attempts have been made to-night to assassinate the President and Secretary of State. Arrest all persons who may enter you lines by water or land. Particulars will be given hereafter.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-General Hancock.)

WASHINGTON CITY, April 15, 1865- 4 p. m.

Major-General ORD,

Richmond, Va.:

Arrest J. A. Campbell, Mayor Mayo, and the members of the old council of Richmond, who have not yet taken the oath of allegiance, and put them in Libby Prison. Hold them guarded beyond the possibility of escape until further orders. Also arrest all paroled officers and surgeons until they can be sent beyond our lines, unless they take the oath of allegiance. The oath need not be received form any one who you have not good reason to believe will observe it, and form none who are excluded by the President's proclamation, without authority of the President to do so. Extreme rigor will have to be observed whilst assassination remains the order of the day with the rebels.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 15, 1865.

General U. S. GRANT:

Cipher dispatch directing certain parties to be arrested is received. The two citizens I have seen. They are old, nearly helpless, and I think incapable of harm. Lee and staff are in town among the paroled prisoners. Should I arrest them under the circumstances I think the rebellion here would be reopened. I will risk my life that the present paroles will be kept, and if you will allow me to do so trust the people here who, I believe, are ignorant of the assassination. done, I think, by some insane Brutus with but few accomplices. Mr. Campbell and Hunter pressed me earnestly yesterday to send them to Washington to see the President. Would they have done so if guilty? Please answer.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE UNITED STATES, Washington, April 15, 1865-8 p. m.

Major-General ORD,Richmond, Va.:

On reflection I will withdraw my dispatch of this date directing the arrest of Campbell, Mayo, and others so far as it may be regarded as an order, and leave it in the light of a suggestion, to be executed only so far as you may judge the good of the service demands.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

