
officer of equal rank with myself to arrange details for the surrender of the forces under my command. As yet I have no notice through any other source of the facts concerning the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia, nor, in my opinion, has the emergency yet arisen which would justify the surrender of my command. With no disposition, however, to cause the useless effusion of blood or to inflict on a war-worn population any unnecessary distress, I am ready to agree to a suspension of hostilities for a short time in order to enable me to communicate with my own authorities or until I can obtain sufficient intelligence to determine my future action. Should you acceded to this proposition, I am ready to meet any person you may designate to arrange the terms of an armistice.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. MOSBY,

Colonel, C. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 15, 1865.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding, Washington:

GENERAL: Should either of the murderers or assassins of last night be caught put them in double irons and convey them, under a strong escort, to the commander of the navy-yard, who has orders to received them and to confine them on a monitor to be anchored in the stream.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 15, 1865.

Major-General AUGUR:

All Government vessels with freight, but no passengers, will be permitted to leave Washington and Alexandria.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Brigadier-General Rucker.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, April 15, 1865.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that a guard, to consist of a commissioned officer and twenty enlisted men (rank and file), be detailed for duty at General Halleck's headquarters, corner Seventeenth and F streets. The officer with his guard will be ordered to report to Brigadier General F. T. Dent, U. S. Volunteers, at 6 o'clock this evening.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. CHAPLIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

