
MUDY BRANCH, April 15, 1865 (Received 1.15 a. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have sent three squadrons on as many different roads. The country will be thoroughly scoured before morning. Will report result.

Respectfully,

J. L. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, UPPER POTOMAC, Darnestown, April 15, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to report that your dispatch was received last evening at 11.30, directing search to be made for assassins. At 12 o'clock three squadrons were on the different roads. One squadron was directed to search the country between the telegraph road and the river as far down as Tennally town. Another moved on the telegraph road, with instructions to scour well to the left, and the third took the road to Barnesville and will make a wide circuit toward Frederick. Extereme vigilance has been enjoined on the whole line of the river.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. THOMPSON,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

NAVY DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 15, 1865.

Commodore J. B. MONTGOMERY, Navy-Yard, Washington:

If the military authorities arrest the murderer of the President and take him to the yard, put him on a monitor and anchor her in the stream, with strong guard on vessel, wharf, and in yard. Call upon commandant of Marine Corps to guard. Have vessel immediately prepared ready to receive him at any hour, day or night, with necessary instructions. He will be heavily ironed and so guarded as to prevent escape or injury to himself.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

Colonel ZEILIN, Commandant Marine Corps:

Have extra strong and careful guard ready for special service, if called for by Commodore Montgomery.

G. WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

SAINT INIGOES, April 15, 1865.

Commander F. A. PARKER, U. S. Steamer Don, Yorktown:

President Lincoln was assassinated last night. The assassinator are expected to escape down the Potomac. Please return. I am on board the guard vessel.

S. NICKERSON,

Acting Volunteer Master.

