
These agents are obliged to give security to amount of $20,000, and are then allowed to take that mount of cotton out of the Confederacy and exchange it for coffee, and bacon. From 6,000 to 12,000 pounds of bacon usually passed through Weldon daily, and most of it came from blockade-runners, who gave it in exchange for cotton. Cotton trade dull since late restrictions on all trade. Cannot be disposed of, and is no longer sent to Murfree's Depot. Weldon is defended by one company, with five pieces of artillery stationed north side of Roanoke River near railroad bridge. Bridge is good and very substantial; is used for carriages and foot passengers; is only bridge over river there. There are three companies of cavalry between Suffolk and Weldon, called

Twelfth North Carolina Battalion, commanded by Captain Holliday, two companies at Borgan's Depot, and one, with headquarters at Murfree's, pickets the Chowan and Blackwater. When General Sherman was last heard from he was at Fayetteville.

THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 22, 1865. (Received 7 p. m.)

General RAWLINS:

Forty-nine deserters came into the lines of this army since yesterday.

THEO. READ,Assistant Adjutant-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, March 22, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Will you appoint Bvt. Brigadier General T. M. Harris, colonel of the Tenth West Virginia, a brigadier-general of volunteers, so that I can retain him in service. His time is now up, and he must leave unless appointed. His appointment should date from the 12th instant, when his term of service expired.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND, VA., City Point, March 22, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Army of the James:

GENERAL: Our scouts brought the following information from Richmond this morning, which could have been forwarded yesterday had they been able to make the connection night before last, which was not done. Our agent in Richmond saw on Sunday night a long train of cars, loaded with troops, pass out of the city on the Danville railroad. He does not know to what command these troops belong; and having received prior to seeing them to information which he was to bring

