
PHILADELPHIA, PA., April 15, 1865.(Received 12.30 p. m.)

Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Your telegram authorizing a reward of $10,000 for the apprehension of the assassins of the President and the Secretary of State has been received and promulgated. Please send description of the murderers.

JOHN S. SCHULTZE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 15, 1865-1.30 a. m. (Sent 2.15 a. m.)

Major-General DIX,

New York:

Last evening, about 10.30 p.m., at Ford's Theater, the President, while sitting in his private box sixth Mrs. Lincoln, Miss Harris, and Major Rathbone, was shot by an assassin, who suddenly entered the box and approached behind the President. The assassin them leaped upon the stage, brandshiping a large dagger or knife, and made his escape in the rear of the theater. The pistol-ball entered the back of the President's head, and penetrated nearly through he head. The would is mortal. The President has been in insensible ever since it was inflicted, and is now dying. About the same hour an assassin (whether the same or another) entered Mr. Seward's home, and, under pretense of having a prescription, was shown to the Secretary's sick chamber. The Secretary was in bed, a nurse and Miss Seward with him. The assassin immediately rushed to the bed, inflicted two or three stabs on the throat and two on the face. It is hoped the wounds may not be alarmed Mr. Frederick Seward, who was in an adjoining room,a nd hastened to the door of his father's room, where he met the assassin, who inflicted upon him one or more dangerous wounds. The recovery of Frederick Seward is doubtful. it isn't probable that the President will live through the night. General Grant and wife were advertised to be at the theater this evening, but he started to Burlington at 6 o'clock this evening. At a Cabinet meeting yesterday, at which General Grant was present, the subject, of the state of the country and the prospects of speedy peace was discussed. The President was very cheerful and hopeful; spoke very kindly of General Lee and others of the Confederacy, and the establishment of government in Virginia. All the members of the Cabinet except Mr. Seward are now in attendance upon the President. I have seen Mr. Seward, but he and Frederick were both unconscious.

EDQIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON CITY, Numbers 458 Tenth Street, April 15, 1865-3 a. m. (Sent 3.20 a. m.)

Major-General DIX:

(Care Horner, New York.)

The President still breathes, but is quite insensible, as he has been ever since he was shot. He evidently did not see the person who shot him, but was looking on the stage as he was approached behind.

