
and functions. At 12 o'clock the President met the heads of Department in Cabinet meeting at the Treasury building, and among other business the following was transacted:

1. The arrangements for the funeral of the late President was referred to the several Secretaries, so far as relate to their respective Departments.

2. William Hunter, esq., was appointed Acting Secretary of State during the disability of Mr. Seward, and his son, Frederick Seward, the Assistant Secretary.

3. The President formally announced that he desired to retain the present Secretaries of Departments as his Cabinet, and that they would go on and discharge their respective duties in the same manner as before the deplorable event that had changed the head of the Government.

All business in the Departments was suspended during this day. The surgeons report that the condition of Mr. Seward remains unchanged. He is doing well. No improvement in Mr. Frederick Seward. The murderers have not yet been apprehended.

EDWIN M. STATION,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, April 15, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

Your dispatch announcing the death of President Lincoln has been received. His death at this crisis is the greatest national calamity that could befall us. He will be mourned as the second Father of his Country.

JOHN J. PECK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF THE EAST, Numbers 29. New York City, April 15, 1865.

The major-general in command, with the deepest sorrow, announces to the department that Abraham Lincoln, President and Commander-in-Chief of the Armies and Navy of the United States, died this morning at 7.20. Commanding officers of the different posts and camps in this department will on the day following the receipt of this order cause a gun to be fired at every half hour, beginning at sunrise and endingat sunset. The flags will be kept at half staff from sunrise to sunset each day until after the termination of the funeral obsequies at the capital, or until further instructions.

By command of Major-General Peck:

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 15, 1865. (Sent 8.40 p. m.)

Honorable E. G. SPAULDING, Buffalo:

The assassin of the President is J. Wilkes Booth, well known to all theatrical people. He is about five feet six inches tall; of a slight graceful figure; black hair, and eyes rather close together, and pale complexion; about twenty-six years old.

