
The assailant of Mr. Seward has been known here by the name of G. A. Atzerodt. He is twenty-six or twenty-eight years old, five feet eight inches tall; light complexion, brown form exposure; brown hair; long and rather curly mustache and goatee, dark from being dyed; rather round-shouldered, and stooping; wore dark pants, vest, and coat, with a long gray overcoat, and a low slouched hat, much worn. Atzerodt has been here in company with a man who gave his name as S. Thomas, about thirty yards old; poorly clad in a dark suit; wore a heavy beard and mustache-a rough, weather-beaten looking man. Atzerodt is believed to have left this city morning at 6.30 in the Baltimore train.

C. A. DANA.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 15, 1865. (Sent 9 p. m.)

CHIEF OF POLICE,

Baltimore:

The following is a description of G. A. Atzerodt, the assassin of Mr. Seward. He is twenty-six or twenty-eight years old, five feet eight inches high; light complexion, but browned from exposure; brown hair; long and rather curly mustache and goatee, dark from being dyed; wore dark pants, vest, and coat, and long gray overcoat; was rather round-shouldered and stooping position; was in company with a man giving his name as S. Thomas, about thirty years of age; poorly clad in dark suit, low slouch hat; wore a mustache and heavy beard; was a rough and weather-beaten looking man.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

(Same to chiefs of police Philadelphia, New York &amp;c.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 15, 1865-1 a. m.

JOHN H. KENNEDY,

Chief of Police, New York:

Send here immediately three or four of your best detectives to investigate the facts as to the assassination of the President and Secretary Seward. They are still alive, but the President's case s hopeless, and that of mr. Seward nearly the same.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, April 15, 1865-3.20 p. m.

Colonel L. C. BAKER,

New York:

Come here immediately and see if you can find the murderers of the President.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

