
NEW YORK, April 15, 1865. (Received 1.40 p. m.)

If Lieutenant-Colonel Morgan or I or any of my employed can serve you and the country in any way, no matter what, or anywhere, we are ready.

H. S. OLCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., April 15, 1865-3.25 p. m.

H. S. OLCOTT,

New York:

I desire your services. Come to Washington at once, and bring your force of detectives with you. Answer.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, April 15, 1865. (Received 7.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I leave at midnight with such of my men as live in town. The rest will follow forthwith.

H. S. OLCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, april 15, 1865-11.40 a. m.

Honorable CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS,

Minister of the United States to Her Britannic Majesty:

SIR: It has become my distressing duty to announce to you that last night His Excellency Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, was assassinated about the hour of 10.30 o'clock in hi private box t Ford's Theater in this city. The President about 8 o'clock accompanies Mrs. Lincoln to the theater. Another lady and gentleman were with them in the box. About 10.30, during a pause in the performance, the assassin entered the box, the door of which was unguarded, hastily approached the President from behind, and discharged a pistol at his head. The bullet entered the back of his head and penetrated nearly through. The assassin then leaped from the box upon the stage, brandishing a large knife of dagger and exclaiming "Sic semper tyrannis," and escaped in the rear of the theater. Immediately upon the discharge the President fell to the floor insensible, and continued in that state until 7.20 o'clock this morning, when he breathed his last.

About the same time this murder was being committed at eh theater another assassin presented himself at the door of Mr. Seward's residence, gained admission by pretending he had a prescription form Mr. Seward' s physician, which he was directed to see administered, hurried up to the third-story chamber, where Mr. Seward was lying. He here encountered Mr. Frederick Seward, shuck him over the head, inflicting several wounds, and fracturing the skull in two places, inflicting, it is feared, mortal wounds. He then rushed into the room where Mr. Seward was in bed, attended by a young daughter and a male nurse. The male

