
attendant was stabbed through the lungs, and it is believed will die. The assassin then struck mr. Seward with a knife or dagger twice in the throat and twice in the face, inflicting terrible wounds. By this time Major Seward, the eldest son of the Secretary, and another attendant reached the room, and rushed to the rescue of the Secretary. They were also wounded in the conflict, and the assassin escaped. No artery or important blood vessel was severed by any of the wounds inflicted upon him, but he was for a long time insensible from the loss of blood. Some hopes of his possible recovery are entertained.

Immediately upon the death of the President notice was given to Vice-President Johnson, who happened to be in the city, and upon whom the office of President to-day. The murderer of the President has been discovered, and evidence obtained that these horrible crimes were committed in execution of a conspiracy deliberately planed nd st on foot by rebels, under pretense of avenging the South and aiding the rebel cause. It is hoped that the immediate perpetrators will be caught. The feeling occasioned by these atrocious crimes is so great, sudden, and overwhelming that I cannot at present do more than communicate them to you at the earliest moment.

Yesterday the President called a Cabinet meeting, at which General Grant was present. He was more cheerful and happy that I had ever seen, rejoiced at the near prospect of firm and durable peace at home nd aborad, manifested in marked degree the kindness and humanity of his disposition, and the tender and forgiving spirit that so eminently distinguished him. Public notice had been given that he and General Grant would be present at the theater, nd the opportunity of adding the lieutenant-general to the number of victims to be murdered was no doubt seized for t he fitting occasion of executing the plans that appear to have been in preparation for some weeks. But General Grant was compelled to be absent, and thus escaped the designs upon him.

It is needless for me to say anything in regard to the influence which this atrocious murder of the President may exercise upon the affairs of this country, but I will only add that horrible as are the atrocities that have been resorted to by the enemies of this country, they are not likely in any degree to impair the public spirit or postpone the complete and final overthrow of the rebellion.

In profound grief for the events which it has become my duty to communicate to you, I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON.

P. S.-You will please communicate these deplorable events to all the ministers and diplomatic agents of the United States with whom you are in communication.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, April 15,1 865.

Mr. ADAMS,

London:

The sad duty devolves upon me to announce the assassination of the President at Ford's Theater last night by a pistol-shot from a person

50 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

