
who entered his box of the purpose. The assassin escaped, but it is supposed has since been arrested. The President died at 7.30 o'clock this morning. Vice-President Johnson has assumed the functions of President, having been sworn in by the Chief Justice. About the same time an attempt was made by, it is believed, a different person, to assassinate Mr. Seward, but the murderer only succeeded in inflicting painful and severe wounds, principally upon his face. Mr. F. W. Seward was beaten over the head with a heavy weapon in the hands of the person who attache his father, and is now grievously hurt. His brother was also wounded by the dagger of the assassin, as was Mr. Hansell, a messenger of the Department, who was with the Secretary, and the male nurse in attendance.

WILLIAM HUNTER,

Acting Secretary.

ALEXANDRIA, VA., April 15, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Loyal Virginia sends her tribune of mourning for the fall of the Nation's President by the hands of a dastardly agent of treason, who dared to repeat the motto of our State at the moment of the perpetration of his accursed crime.

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington city, April 16, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army,

Commanding Armies of the United States, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: You will please announce by general order to the Armies of the United States that on Saturday, the 15th day of April, 1865, by reason of the death of Abraham Lincoln, the office of the President of the United States devolved upon Andrew Johnson, Vice-President, who on the same day took the official oath prescribed for the President, and entered upon the duties of that office.

EDQIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, April 16, 1865.

Major-General MEADE:

The President died at 7.22 yesterday morning. J. Wilkes Booth was the assassin of the President. Secretary Seward passed a bad night, but is much better this morning and probably out of danger. His son Frederick will not live, although he still lingers with wonderful tenacity.

THOS. T. ECKERT.

(Same to General Sheridan.)

