
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 67. Washington, April 16, 1865.

It is hereby announced to the Armies of the United States that on Saturday, the 15th day of April, 1865, by reason of the death of Abraham Lincoln, the office of President of the United States devolved upon Andrew Johnson, Vice-President, who on the same day took the official oath prescribed for the President and entered upon the duties of that office.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Numbers 15. April 16, 1865.

The major-general commanding announces to the army that official intelligence has been received of the death, by assassination, of the President of the United States. The President died at 7.22 on the morning of the 15th instant.

By this army this announcement will be received with profound sorrow, and deep horror nd indignation. The President, but he active interest he ever took in the welfare of this army, and by his presence in frequent visits, especially during the recent operations, had particularly endeared himself to both officers and soldiers, all of whom regarded him as a generous friend.

An honest man, a noble patriot, and sagacious statesman has fallen! No greater loss, at this particular moment, could have befallen our country. Whilst we bow with submission to the unfathomable and inscrutable decrees of Divine Providence, let us earnestly parry that God, in His infinite mercy, will so order that this terrible calamity shall not interfere with the prosperity and happiness of our beloved country.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, April 16, 1865.

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: No changes to report except that the brigade of First Division, left behind to load and guard captured ordnance stores, returned to the corps last night.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Farmville, April 16, 1865-12.30 [p.m.]

Major-General WEBB,Chief of Staff:

The advance of the Fifth Corps is at this place. Have sent all rations except two days' to the Twenty-fourth Corps. Are there any rations on the road to this place, or grain? Has the artillery at New Store been sent for?

CHARLES GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

