HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 16, 1865-3.20 p. m.

Major-General GRIFFIN, Commanding Fifth Corps, Farmville:

The empty wagons at Farmville were ordered to go to New Store, under guard furnished by General Curtin, to bring in the thirty-six guns. When will you be near this point? Please send a staff officer to report here. An officer will be sent with him to point out your new camp-ground. I know of no rations or grain on the way to Farmville, nor of requisitions for any.

ALEX. S. WEBB,Brevet Major-General, Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Farmville, Va., April. 16, 1865.

An additional two days' rations will be issued to the command at daylight to-morrow, immediately after which the corps will march to Burkeville in the following order: Third Division, Second Division, First Division, corps headquarters train, artillery and trains.

General Bartlett will detail one regiment as rear guard, to march with the rear of the trains and to camp with them.

By command of Brevet Major-General Griffin:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 16, 1865.

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose herewith a list of the rebel flags captured by the troops in this corps during the recent campaign, with the names of their captors, and it is proposed to forward them to your headquarters to-morrow, the captors carrying them with an escort of honor of one regiment form each division of the corps; the flags to be delivered by a staff officer from these headquarters at or about 11 a. m. I have also the honor to request that he captors be permitted, as is customary, to accompany these flags to Washington, and that, after they are received and registered there they be returned to their captors, the latter to receive such other testimonials as are usually granted. As showing the value attached to the flags by the men it may be stated that there are many other flags known to have been captured by the corps, which have been secreted and which it has been found impossible to obtain, the men much preferring to retain them to receiving furloughs and medals of honor.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

List of battle-flags captured by the Sixth Corps in the engagements of April 2 and April 6, 1865.

First Division: Battle-flag of the Forty-sixth North Carolina, picked up upon the picket-line April 3, 1865, by Lieutenant Brant,* Fourth New Yersey Volunteers.

---------------

*Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

