
promise that these flags shall be left with their captors; the disposition of such trophies rests with the War Department. He will be prepared to received these flags at 11 a. m. to-morrow.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 16, 1865.

* * * * *

3. Brevet Major-General Ricketts having reported for duty after his long disability arising from wounds received in battle at Cedar Creek, Va., October 19, 1865, Brigadier-General Seymour, who has so ably commander of the First Brigade of that division.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, April 16, 1865.

The rebel flags captured by this corps will be forwarded to army headquarters to-morrow, the flags to be borne by their captors and escorted by a guard of honor consisting of one regiment from each division, to be selected by the division commanders. Bvt. Major H. W. Farrar, aide-de-camp to the major-general commanding, will present the flags. The captors of the flags, together with he regiments composing the guard of honor, will report at these headquarters punctually at 10 a. m. to-morrow. The commanding officer of the First Division will detail a band to accompany the flags and escort, and direct it to report to these headquarters of Colonel Thomas W. Hyde, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, he having chosen by lot from the brigade commanders.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS, April 16, 1865.

Major-General PARKE,

Burke's Station:

The negro band of marauders on Nottoway River got together again and renewed their guerrilla operations on the inhabitants. Captain Manning sent out a party Thursday night, which found their camp with three wagons loads of plunder. All were armed, and sentinels were posted before the quarters of their captain and lieutenant. The party charged them, killing and wounding several and capturing ten, lieuten-

