
ant included. They have been sent to Petersburg. The captain was captured Friday night, but escaped by negligence at my headquarters. He was a servant in Randall's regiment. Have you any news from Johnston's army?

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brevet Major-General.

(Copy forwarded to General Meade.)
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Burkeville, April 16, 1865.

Brevet Major-General WILLCOX:

Your dispatch in reference to the negro guerrillas just received. No news whatever from Johnston's army. As soon as anything is heard it will be repeated to you.

By command of Major-General Parke:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, April 16, 1865.

Brevet Major-General HARTRANFT,

Commanding Third Division, Nottoway Court-House:

Mathews' brigade has started to rejoin you.

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 16, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Nottoway, Va.:

The following is forwarded for your information:

SMITHFIELD, N. C.,, April 12, 1865-5 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, Va.:

GENERAL: I have this moment received your telegram announcing the surrender of Lee's army. I hardly know how to express my feelings, but you can imagine them. The terms you have given Lee are magnanimous and liberal. Should Johnston follow Lee's example, I shall, of course, grant the same. he is retreating before me on Raleigh, and I shall, of course, grant the same. He is retreating before me on Raleigh, and I shall be there to-morrow. Rokads are heavy, but under the inspiration of the news from you we can march twenty-five miles a day. I am now twenty-seven miles from Raleigh, but some of my army is eight miles behind. I Johnston retreats south I will follow him to insure the scattering of his force and capture of the locomotives and cars at Charlotte, but I take it he will surrender at Raleigh. Kilpatrick's cavalry is ten miles to the south and west of me, viz, on Middle Creek, and I have sent Major Audenried with orders to make for the south and west of Raleigh to impede the enemy if he goes beyond Raleigh. All the infantry is pointed straight for Raleigh by five different roads. The railroad is being repaired from Goldsborough to Raleigh, but I will not aim to carry it farther. I shall expect to hear of Sheridan in case Johnston does not surrender at Raleigh. With a little more cavalry I would be sure to capture the whole army.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

