
CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS, City Point, April 16, 1865.

Major-General CROK,

Commanding Cavalry, Nottoway Court-House:

The major-general commanding directs that you move back with all the cavalry now at Nottoway Court-House to Petersburg. This movement to begin to-morrow morning. Acknowledge receipt. Camping grounds will be selected in advance for you near Petersburg.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff.

APPOMATTOX, April 16, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding:

General Turner and his command have just reached here from Lynchburg. He paroled there about 5,000 prisoners, and destroyed a large quantity of stores, including some 100 pieces of artillery, mortars, &amp;c., and large niter beds. We leave here in the morning for Farmville.

JNO. GIBBON,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va., April 16, 1865.

The command will march toward Farmville to-morrow morning and in the following order: Turner's division and Elder's Muhlenberg's batteries starting at 9 a. m.; Foster's division and Anthony's battery at 10 a. m; Mackenzie's cavalry following Foster's division. Each division will be preceded by its wagon train under an escort of a regiment. The headquarters train of the Twenty-fourth Corps will precede that of Foster's division. Each division will be followed by the ambulances belonging to it. Brigadier-General Mackenzie will detail patrolling parties under trustworthy officers to scout on the flanks and rear of the column and drive up all stragglers. Special pains will be taken by all commanders to prevent straggling and the men will be compelled to march in the ranks. General Mackenzie will take special pains to pick up all stragglers from our forces on the rear and flanks of the column and also to prevent the plunder and pillage of private property. The commanding general looks to General Mackenzie to protect the reputation of the command from the disgrace which a few bad men are sure to bring upon it if they are not promptly arrested and summarily punished.

By command of Major General John Gibbon:

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Washington, D. C., April 16, 1865-4 p. m.

Major General E. O. ORD,Richmond, Va.:

Your telegram to the President of 11 a. m.* has been referred to the lieutenant-general, with instructions that "the President does not desire to see Messrs. Hunter and Campbell, or either of them, at Wash-

*Probably of the 14th. See p. 748.

