
ington, and if their communication is an application for Executive clemency to themselves it can be transmitted through the regular military channels for such consideration as he may be disposed to grant." You will not, therefore, permit either of these parties to come to Washington, but will at once order Hunter to leave Richmond. You are reminded in this connection of the impropriety of addressing the President direct, and requested to address your communications to the lieutenant-general or Secretary of War.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 16, 1865-9.30 p. m.

Major General E. O. C. ORD, Richmond, Va.:

Please send forward to this place immediately one of the best regimetns of colored troops you have, to attend the funeral ceremonies of President Lincoln on Wednesday. One that has seen service should be selected.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 16, 1865.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

General Gordon can come here en route. Close your picket-line around Petersburg, and give orders to turn back the colored people coming from the country, so that they may not increase the already large number of idlers we are feeding. Respect the rights of citizens to property. Keep the colored people in order and both white and black at work, if any can be made. Protect and rebuild fences destroyed and return private property to owners whenever you can do so.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 16,1 865.

General WEITZEL, Commanding:

Orders from General Grant and from Washington direct that private property be restored and citizens protected in their orderly pursuits. Many complaints have reached me of depredatoins committed, some of a depredations committed,s ome fo a desperate character, principally by black and white cavalry. You are authorized to have all or any person found outraging private houses or plundering persons summarily shot. You will make your men rebuild fences destroyed and have your wood cut and hauled by the quartermaster. Return horses, mules, &amp;c.; protect private property in your vicinity, and post guards and patrols ot prevent straggling. Keep your men and officers out of Petersburg. Have your own headquarters with your corps and require all your officers to remain with their men. On account of recent occurrences great care will be taken and proper state of discipline exacted.

E. O. C. ORDE,

Major-General, Commanding.

