
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 16. March 16, 1865.

The corps will be formed for review on the ground near Humphreys's Station, leaving camp at 1 p. m., or as soon after as practicable. The First Division will be formed on the ground it occupied on the preliminary review of the 14th and in the same manner. The Second and Third Divisions will form on the same line occupied by the Third Division at that time, the Second Division being on the right of the Third. The formation will be battalions en masse. The honorable Secretary of War will be present.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Brevet Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Each division will turn out its pioneers in full marching order, with their tools.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,March 16, 1865. (Received 11.15 a. m.)

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance has transpired on the lines of this corps during the past twenty-four hours. One man from the Tenth New Jersey Volunteers deserted to the enemy.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,March 16, 1865-10.20 p. m. (Received 10.30 p. m.)

Major-General WEBB:

Two deserters from Scales' brigade report that no movements of troops have take place of late, except the exchange of Pergram's for Johnson's division; that Rode's division went to North Carolina about a week ago and Pickett's to meet Sheridan, being replaced by Mahone's that Sherman was in Fayetteville some days ago; that the rebel troops are concentrating at Raleigh, where they except a fight, and that an engagement took [place] about ten miles from Raleigh yesterday, in which our forces were trashed. No details given as to the forces engaged, but it is supposed to have been a cavalry affair only. Two batteries removed from left of their line to accompany the troops which went off, but know of none other being withdrawn.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

March 16, 1865. (Received 9.55 a. m.)

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

No further demonstrations were made on our lines since the report of yesterday. Nothing definite or positive has been arrived at in refer

