
neer officer will be sent to Jones' Bridge to examine, and if we have not bridging enough I will at once telegraph to you and pontoons can be sent to Long Bridge crossing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., March 22, 1865.

Major General P. H. SHERIDAN,

Commanding Middle Military Division:

Please give Colonel Bradley, chief quartermaster of this depot, facilities for getting off all the transportation now at the White House that can be spared from there. The detention of boats is preventing the accumulation of horses for remounting your cavalry.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, Numbers 21. White House, Va., March 22, 1865.

I. The commanding officer of the First Cavalry Division will at once send 200 dismounted and unarmed men, and the commanding officer of the Third Division 100 dismounted and unarmed men, to be shipped from the landing to Remount Camp, Pleasant Valley. These men will be organized under a proper number of commissioned and non-commissioned officers, who will, while on the voyage, make out nominal lists of the men with them, sending a copy to the division commanders after arrival at Pleasant Valley. The men will go supplied with three days' rations. The commanding officers will apply to Captain Brown, chief quartermaster, for transportation.

II. The commanding officer of the Third Division will send 200 disabled horses to the landing immediately, to be shipped to Geisborough Point for recruitment. Five men (dismounted), with a non-commissioned officer, must accompany each boat-load of these disabled horses. Lists of all men sent from the command at this point must be preserved.

By command of Brevet Major-General Merritt:

J. SPEADBURY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

FIELD ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, Numbers 22. White House, Va., March 22, 1865.

I. Division commanders will report without delay the number of disabled horses remaining with the command after the shipments of this date are made. This report is required to ascertain the amount of transportation needed to ship all the unserviceable horses of the command before the morning of the 24th instant.

II. A statement of the number of dismounted men, including those on unserviceable horses in the command, will be at once furnished, and a daily morning report showing the exact state of the commands will be sent to these headquarters by 10 a. m. each day to include the morning of the 24th instant.

By command of Brevet Major-General Merritt:

J. SPREADBURY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

