
WASHINGTON, D. C., April 16, 1865-1 p. m.

Brigadier-General BARNES,

Point Lookout:

Freigh vessels and tranpsorts and mail boats without passengers, except troops, officers, and persons well known, will be permitted to pass. They should be thoroughly inspected.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WINCHESTER, VA., April 16, 1865.

General WILLIAM DWIGHT:

The commanding officers are authorized to parole Confederate soldiers, Mosby's men included, when they come to these lines, on terms given by General Grant. While the strict ruling required that private horses, which have been used for Government purposes, should be delivered up, the general will not require this as a condition to surrender. It is, however, desirable that all horses that formerly belonged to the United States should be required. After being paroled the prisoners will be allowed to return to their homes. The arms of the men be given up, unless there is good evidence to show that they have been lost, not secreted. All offensive operations against Mosby's men will ceasily until further orders, as negotiations are in progress for the surrender of his command. Blank paroles of the prescribed form will be furnished from these will be furnished from these headquarters.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 16, 1865.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,

Chief of Cavalry:

The major-general commanding directs that you send a command to New Market for the purpose of paroling a considerable number of Confederate soldiers, who will assemble there on Wednesday, the 19th. The command should reach New Market on Tuesday night and should be provided with several day's rations and forage. A quantity of blank paroles will be furnished you during the day. They are to be administered in duplicate, the duplicate copies to be sent to the provost-marshal of the division. It is desirable that each man be paroled individualy if practicable. The terms are the same as those given to the Army of Northern Virginia. It is understod that General Grant did not insist on the private horses of soldiers being given up and the general will not demand it, but all horses with U. S. brands should be brought in, and the men should deliver up their arms. The general desires you to send officers to conduct the paroling, who will have it properly attended to, and also desires the greatest care taken to avoid depredations on citizens or property en route. You will please notify the general what force you send and under what officer.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

