
oath of allegiance and obtaining special permission of the War Department. This to be distincly understood in giving paroles, and the interpretation to be given to the premision to return to their homes.

By order;

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WINCHESTER, April 16, 1865.

General EGAN:

The commanding officers at Cumberland, Harper's Ferry, Charlestown, Summit Point, and Stephenson's Depot, and Berryville are authorized to parole Confederate soldiers, Mosby's men included, who come to these lines, on the same terms as given by General Grant. While the strict ruling requires that private horses, which have been used for Government purposes, should be delivered up, the general will not require this as a condition to surrender. It is, however, desirable that all horses that formerly belonged to the United States should be recovered. After being paroled the prisoners will be allowed to return to their homes. The arms of the men must be given up, unless there is good evidence to show that they have lost and not secreted. All offensive operations agains Mosby's men will cease until further orders, as negotiations are in progress for the surrender of his command. Blank paroles of the prescribed form will be furnished from these headquarters.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., April 16, 1865.

Captain J. WHITLEY,

Loup Creek, W. Va.:

Cant's you find out by scouts and through refugees, deserters, &amp;c., the number and position of the rebels in our front? Can you get anything from the families now coming in or from the flag of truce? The families will be sent here under guard.

By order of Colonel J. H. Oley:

J. M. RIFE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQURTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,

April 16, 1865.

General E. B. TYLER,

Relay House:

Please notify your people along the river that an agreement is made with Mosby by which no offensive movement is to be made by him and none by us. The general expects Mosby to surrender on Tuesday. This agreement does not include guerrilla parties not belonging to Mosby' s command.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &c.

