
The President.

The Cabinet Ministers.

The Diplomatic Corps.

Ex-Presidents.

The Chief Justice.

And Associate Justices of the Supreme Court.

The Swnate of the United States.

Preceded by their offcers.

Members of the House of Representatives of the United States.

Governors of the several States and Territories.

Legislatures.

Of the several States and Territories.

The Federal Judicary,

And the Judiciary of the several States and Territories.

The Assistant Secretaries of State, Treasury, War, Navy, Interior, and the Assistant

Postmaster-General, and the Assistant Attorney-General.

Officers of the Smithsonian Institution.

The members and officers of the Sanitary and Christian Commussions.

Corporate Authorities of Washington, Gerogetown, and other cities.

Delegation of the several States.

The reverend, the clergy of the various denominations.

The clerks and employes of the several Departments and Bureuas,

Proceded by the heads of such bureaus and their respectiver chief clerks.

Such societies as may wish to join the procession.

Citizens and strangers.

The troops designated to form the escort will assemble in the avenue north of the Presiddent's House, and form line preciesly at 11 a. m. on Wednesday, the 19 th instant, with the left resting on Fifteen street. The procession will move preciesly at 2 p. m. on the conclusion of the religious serviceds at the Executive Mansion (appointed to commense at 12 m.), when minute guns will be fired by detachments of artillery, stationed near Saint John's Church, the City Hall, and at the Capitol. At the same hour the bells of the several churches in Washington, Georgetown and Alexandria will be tolled.

At sunrise on Wednesday, the 19th instant, a Federal salute will be fired from the military stations in the vicinity of Washington, minute guns between the hours of 12 and 3 o'clock, and a national salute at the setting of the sun.

The usual badge will be worn on the left arm and on the hilt of the sword.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

