
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 69. Washington, April 17, 1865.

By direction of the President of the United States the War Department will be closed on Wednesday next, the day of the funeral of the late President of the United States. Labor on that day will be suspended at all military posts, and on all public works under the direction of the War Department. The flags at all military posts, stations, forts, and buildings will be kept at half staff during the day, and at 12 o'clock meridian twenty-one minute guns will be fired from all forts, and at all military posts, and at the Military Academy.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL' OFFICE,

No. 70. Washington, April 17, 1865.

Extension of the Military Lines of the United States:

Ordered, That the military lines of the United States be exended to include within them the States of Virginia, North Carolina, Georgia, Florida, North Alabama, and Tennessee, and that all military restrictions upon internal within said lines from annulled, except in arms, ammunition, gray cloth, and all articles from which ammunition is manufactured, locomotives, cars, railroad iron, and machinery for operating railroads, telegraph wires, insulators, and instruments for operating telegraph lines, which articles are contraband of war; and all trade in, and importation thereof, within the limits aforesaid, is absolutely prohibited.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., April 17, 1865.

Brigadier General J. H. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

The cavalry will start in to Petersburg, where the forage can be sent by the Appomattox River. The road between Suthelrland's and Nottoway is in bad condition. If some of the troops and trains of the Army of the Potomac could be brought near to this place they could be much better supplied and relieve the road. I met General McCllum at Fortress Monroe this morning. We agreed as to what should be done in railroads matters. I recommend that the lieutenant-general approve of his suggestions. He will report to-morrow probably. I go to Richmond to-morrow to inspect my department. My report of the quartermaster's property taken in General Lee's surrender has been rendered to General Meigs.

RUFUS INGALLIS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

