
WASHINGTON, D. C., March 22, 1865-9.15 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Winchester, Va.:

Seeing your dispatch about General Crook, and fearing that, through misapprehension, something unpleasant may occur, I send you below two dispatches of General Grant,* which I suppose will fully explain General Crook's movements.

A. LINCOLN.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 22, 1865.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

There can be no trouble in General Crook's case if he has observed my order to restore matters as he found them and to proceed to Frederick in arrest, where my order suspending his arrest and ordering him to report to Lieutenant-General Grant will reach him. According him to report to Lieutenant-General will reach him. According to just military principle I could pursue no other course, and there will be no delays on my part in the execution of the order of the Department to send General Crook ot City Point.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

CITY POINT, March 22, 1865.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,

Winchester, Va.:

Under Special Orders, Numbers 48, you will under no circumstances permit family supplies to go into Virginia beyond the lines you actually hold. It will no doubt work hardship in many meritorious cases, but we cannot control the use the will be put to when beyond our reach, nor can those whom we would help. Hence the necessity of the strictest enforcement of said order. The order does not apply to West Virginia.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

JNO. A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 22, 1865-10 a.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Winchester:

No orders have been issued from the War Department to General Crook. Very probably he has acted under orders direct from General Grant, and not sent here.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Adjutant-General.)

---------------

*See Grant to Townsend, March 18, 9 p. m., and first sentence of Grant to Stanton, March 21, 2.30 p.m., pp. 28, 61.

---------------

6 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

