
CITY POINT, April 17, 1865.

Major-General CROOK,

Commanding Cavalry &amp;c., Wilson's Station:

Continue your march to Petersburg. Camps will be selected for the command before you arrive. The cipher dispatches are all right. We have received copied of them.

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

PROSPECT STATION, TEN MILES FROM FARMVILLE,

April 17, 1865.-4 p. m. (Received 4.45 p. m.)

Major General GEORGER G. MEADE,

Commanding:

In conformity with instructions received from Lieutenant-General Grant, I report that I have completed my duties at Appomattox Court-House and my troops are now in this vicinity en route to Burgkeville. General Griffin left with the Fifth Corps without any orders from meon Saturday, and I presume is by this time under your orders. Everything is very quiet, and was so at Lynchburg when General Turner left yesterday.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS LEE'S CAVALRY DIVISION,April 17, 1865.

Brigadier-General MACKENZIE,

Commanding Cavalry Brigade, U. S. Army, Lynchburg:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a copy of a paper sent me last night by Lieutenant Little, commanding detachment; it places me in an embarrasing position, and I must decline to accept your polite invitation until I can ascertain my status. It is only necessary for me to say I will obey orders when I am certain they are by proper authority. I beg leave to state that my command succeeded in driving the Federal cavalry from the Appomattox and Lynchburg railroad in our front on Sunday; that I apprehended the disaster which befell our army, and moved back rapidly into the main body of my command, leaving only a heavy skirmish line to cover my retreat. I was in the rear when your flag of truce was noticed by the officer in charge of my covering party. As soon as I was apprise that there was a truce I went to the front to communicate with General R. E. Lee. General Devin, commanding U. S. forces, "could not allow me to communicate with him," and, after some little parley, I withdres. I was at no time within lines, nor did I except to surrender my command or myself. If I understand from you that I was included in the surrender I most respectfully ask that you will first show I was surrendered before I can submit. I have not been able to see or communicate with any officer who knows the terms of General Lee's capitulation. Please state in your reply who was included. Many, I know, escaped into my command. Many are away on details and from other causes. Let it be understood at once and our people will know how to act and what to except. The love of our cause backed by the proud

