
vicinity of country a band of guerrillas who to have collected for the purpose of assisting in the escape of the murderers of the President and assassins of the Secretary of State. The special object of your expedition will be to capture and destroy this band, to arrest all suspicious persons, allow no one to pass who cannot explain his business and statues satisfactorily. You will assume command of all cavalry which you may meet and use them in your general operations. Search houses and make arrest at your own discretion. Make your headquarters at Leonardtown and cover the country to the Patuxent, and in that vicinity especially. Report from time to time whatever may be of importanc to these headquarters at Leonardtown and cover the country to the Patuxent, and in that vicinity especially. Report from time to time whatevera may be of importance to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, major, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SIXTEENTH NEW YORK VOLUNTEER CAVALRY,Viena, Va., April 17, 1865.

Captain CHARLES I. WICKERSHAN,

Asst. Adjt. General, First Separate Brigade, Fairfax Court-House;

CAPTAIN: Aggreably to instructions from brigade headquarters, dated April 15, 1865, I formed skirmish line extending from the Potomac River, via Viena, Va., and Fairfax Court-House, to Faifax Station. The line consisted of 430 men and 17 officers, divided into two commands. The left extended from this post to the Potomac, the right to the Orange and Alexandria Railroad at Fairfax Station; the latter commanded by Lieutenant Colonel John Nicholson, the former by Captain Lawrence Leahy. The line moved simultaneously in direction toward the fortifications at 11.30 a. m. One person of a suspicious character was arrested by the command. The houses were examined by the command as it advanced. Nothing was found of importance (altough much Government property, such as blankets, old saddles, &amp;c., was discovered in house) as the line advanced. No other arrests than the one before mentioned were made. The command assembled at Bailey's Cross-Roads and arrived at camp at about midnight the same day.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN NICHOLSON,

Lieutenant Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 17, 1865-11.50 a. m.

General J. BARNES,

Point Lookout;

All Government vessels after examination will be allowed to pass out. Passengers not Government officers or having proper permits given since Friday night will be detained for examination unless known.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

POINT LOOKOUT, April 17, 1865.

(Received 8.45 p. m.)

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding Department:

I have sent re-enforcements of cavalry and infantry to Leonardtown to-day, and the greates enthusiasm is maninfested by all the men to

