
WINCHESTER, VA., March 22, 1865-12.30 p.m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

Major-General Crook has been ordered to report as directed, and will be afforded every facility for his journey. In view of the peculiar nature of his orders, and the fact that he has made an explanation to me, I have thought it better to release him entirely from arrest, and so end the matter.

Respectfully,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., March 22, 1865.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I sent on Monday an expedition into Loundoun, composed of one regiment of infantry of the First Veteran Corps and about 500 cavalry, all under Colonel ReNumbers Last night, near Harmony, he encountered Mosby, who had about 500 men, and had a slight skirmish, losing about twenty men. The enemy's dead and wounded fell into our hands, and Reno moved on the Upperville and Middleburg, where, it is reported, considerable stores are collected.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 22, 1865.

General TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General, War Department:

Your dispatch of 9.20 of the 21st was received at 8 this morning. I notified Major-General Halleck at 9.,50 last night that Major-General Crook had been ordered to proceed in arrest to Frederick City. I regard General Crook as guilty of a gross breach of discipline, inexcusable in a soldier of his experience, and which might have led to serious consequences, as he was exercising my command for twenty-four hours without in any manner notifying me, nor had I received any notice of the intention to place him to such command. I will direct him to report in person at once to General Grant, suspending his arrest for that purpose. I presume General Crook is on the way to Frederick, and his orders will meet him at that place.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, March 22, 1865.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Middle Military Division, Winchester, Va.:

Dispatch received. It was not certainly know where General Crook was. General Grant requires his services immediately, and the order

