
overtake the band prowling in that district. They have not been able to find them to-day, but no place will be left unvisted. The gun-boats are all on the alert, and the Patuxent and Potomac are closely watched. Extra pains will be taken on the river to-night.

JAMES BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

POINT LOOKOUT, MD., April 17, 1865.

Major-General AUGUR:

Our scouts have fallen in with a band of some thirty-five rebels, armed, under a man named Garland Smith, about eighteen miles northwest of Leonardtown. They had a skirmish with them, but captured only one of them. The scouts have been re-enroced, and are in pursuit of them.

J. BARNES,

Commanding.

POINT LOOKOUT, MD., April 17, 1865.

Captain NICKERSON,

Saint Inigoes, Md.:

The following telegram has just been received from Honorable E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War:

The murderers of the President and Mr. Seward are no boubt in the gang of rebels mentioned in your telegram. Have the Navy vessels scour the coast, and spare no effort to arrest and hold them. Put your whole force on the work as far as can be done with safety to your command.

JAMES BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GAULEY, W. VA., April 17, 1865-11 p. m.

Captain J. M. RIFE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General,

First Separate Brigade, Department of West Virginia:

SIR: I have the honor to report that I have just returned from Mountain Cove, where I met Lieutenant-Colonel Hounshell with a flag of truce. He is commandant at Lewisburg, and desires a confederence with Colonel Olley at such time and place as Coloenl Oley may designate for the purpose of putting an end to the present state of affairs in the Greenbrier district, as he express it; or, in plain English, surrendering his entire command on the terms given Lee by Grant, if possible. He is accompanied by his adjutant, one other commissioned officer, and an escort of eight unarmed men. The flag will be here at 10 a. m. Major Sweeney has disbanded his battalion.

J. M. GUION,

Captain, Commanding Gauley.

P. S.-This dispatch I received to forward early this morning. I think that the matter in question is worthy of your attention.

J. WHITLEY, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Post.

