
DEPOT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,

Baltimore, Md., April 17, 1865-1 p. m.

Brevet Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

I have the honor to report the following arrangements as having been made for patrolling and guarding the western shore of the Chesapeake Bay to Point Lookout, in accord with your orders. On receipt of your dispatch every vessel in this department fit for service was immediately put in readiness, each one furnished with a military guard of four men, except the dispatch boat, which is provided with a sergeant and ten men, and ordered down the bay with the following instructions to their respective captains, viz: To cruise back and forth constantly between certain points named until further orders, keeping as near shore as is consistent with safety to their vessels; taking on board all persons desiring to come off from the shore, and detaining them; overhauling all small vessels or boats, and holding every one found thereon until further orders for their disposition, the guards to concealed on approaching the shore or any boat or vessel. Vigilance, actively, and a prompt compliance with the foregoing instructions were enjoined upon all. The steamers are distributed between this city and Point Lookout, as follows: The United States, from Point Lookout to Cedar Point; the Wawasset, in the mount of the Patuxent River; the James Jerome, from Cove Point Light-House to Plum Point, opposite Sharp's Island; the Putman, from Plum Point to Three Sisters Island; the Patuxent, from Three Sisters to Bodkin Point; and the tug Ella, from Bodkin Point to Fort McHenry. The Ella Knight will, on arriving at the mouth of Patuxent Rvier, relieve the Wawasset, when the latter will cruise up and down in communication with the other severla vessels, receiving on board from them any persons against whom there may seem any grounds of suspicion, and bring them at once to this city.

The vessels all sailed for their stations at 6 o'clock this morning, except the Ella Knight, which, on account of having to coal, did not get off until two hours leter. I will report promptly any intelligence that reaches me from these steamers.

R. M. NEWPORT,

Colonel and Quaartermaster.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 17, 1865.

J. L. MCPHAILL,

Provost-Marshal, Baltimore:

Brigadier M. O'Lauglin here in ther train which leaves Baltimore at 6 p. m. Have him in double irons, and use every precaution against escape, but as far as possible avoid everything which can lead to suspicion on the part of the people on the train and give rise to an attempt to lynch the prisoners. A carriage will be in waiting at the depot to convey him to the place of confinement.

C. A. DANA,

Assistant Secretary of War.

