HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,April 18, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

Major H. W. Farrar, of my staff, proceeds to Washington to-day to deliver to the War Department the flags captured by this corps in the recent campaign, and it would be a compliment gratefully received by the corps if your order an escort of honor even of a company from the wharf to the department. Major Farrar will communicate with you by telegraph from Fortress Monroe and on his reaching Washington.

The captors of the flags will accompany and carry them.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

FARMVILLE, April 18, 1865.

Major-General WEBB:

GENERAL: The Twenty-fourth Corps is passing now, 4 p. m. Will camp about the station to-night. Artillery and ordnance train has gone by. The guns at New Store were sent for yesterday morning. Have not arrived here yet. Expect them to arrive here to-morrow. My troops have three day's rations from to-morrow, the 19th. The last of the Twenty-fourth Corps have passed the line.

J. I. CURTIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARATERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 18, 1865-6.50 p. m.

Major-General PARKE:

It is expected that Curtin will leave Farmville the day after to-morrow. He has three day's rations from to-morrow.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and CHief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,April 18, 1865.

Brigadier General S. G. GRIFFIN,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general desires you to present, at the earliest moment practicable, the names of such officers of your command as in your judgment have, by meritorious services in the recent campaign, including the affair of Stedman, rendered themselves worthy of promotion to the rank of brigadier-general, as well as those of all grades who for the same reasons are held by you as deserving of promotion by brevet. These recommendations will set forth as much in detail as possible the particular services upon which they are founded. Please include such recommendations as may have already been made by you in your report of the affair of Stedman.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Bvt. Major General O. B. Willcox, commanding First Division; Bvt. Major General J. F. Hartranft, commanding Third Division; Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. Tidball, commanding Artillery Brigade.)

