
ters, in consequence of the very numerous complaints against the regiment. It is incumbent on the regiment now to remove the bad impression against it, not only by the strictedt attention to its own conduct and discipline, but by detecting and arresting some of those persons whose outrages on person and property have been charged against itself.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. HOWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., April 18, 1865.

(Received 9.35 a. n. 19th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

General Emory telegraphs me that Colonel Hounshell, commanding Confederate forces at Lewisburg, has come in with flag of truce to Colonel Oley, in Kanawha Valley, to ask if he can surrender his command on same terms given by General Grant to Lee. I am specially desirous of knowing whether General Grant's terms to Lee allowed any of his soldiers to go to their homes in loyal States or not. I telegraphed you on the subject on the 16th, but have received no answer. These people have served in West Virginia, and probably nowhere else. Their homes generally are in counties never permanently occupied by us. Many Confederate officers, and soldiers from Missouri and other loyal States are coming in here, on their paroles, desiring to go to their homes. Thus far I have detained them. So far as I know they are willing to take the oath of allegiance and go home. It is necessary to have this matter clearly understood, as they come in understanding that they are to have the terms to Lee's army. I will venture a suggestion, in consideration of the terms givent to Lee's army. I will venture a suggestion, in consideration of the fact that there are many bands in West Virginia whose homes are there: It is that on surrendering and giving their paroles they should be permitted to go to their homes when they are in West Virginia. I believe it would be well to let them all go to their homes on parole without taking the oath of allegiance, except to Maryland or the District of Columbia. I think there will be no dificulty about the surrender of all these bands, save Mosby's. His surrender or dispersion will probably depend upon General Johnston.

I am getting a great many of his men.

Respectfully,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Middle Military Division.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Winchester, Va., April 18, 1865.

Mr. DORRANCE,

Superintedndent Military Railroad, Harper's Ferry:

SIR: General Hancock authorizes you to stop all trains to-morrow between here and Harper's Ferry, save the mail trains each way.

W. G. MITCHELL,

Brevet Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

