
Perhaps I ought in justice to Colonel Mosby and his officers to state a universal regret was expressed because of the assassination of the President.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. CHAPMAN,

Brigadier-General.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 18, 1865.

Colonel JOHN H. OLEY,

Commanding, Charleston, Kanawha:

You are authorized to accept the surrender of Colonel Houshell, commanding Confederate forces at Lewisburg. on the terms granted to General Lee by General Grant. You will make careful rolls of the prisoners paroled and forward them to this officer. Telegraph the receipt of this authority, and an approximate estimate of the number of prisoners to be surrendered.

By order of Brevet Major-General Emory:

T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Charleston, W. Va., April 18, 1865.

Captain J. WHITLEY, Loup Creek:

The colonel commanding directs that you meet Colonel Hounshell and ascertain the district his command, and under whose command he is; whether he acts for himself only or for his entire command. Find out the number and locality of commissiond officers and enlisted men he propose to surrender. Has he control over Thurmond's and Sweenely's commands and will he surrender them also. Get all particulars from him you can and reprort by telgraph at once. The colonel commanding has asked for instrucitons from department headquarters.

J. M. RIFE,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., April 18, 1865.

Honorable D. POLSLEY, Point Pleasant:

The commander of the Lewisburg forces has proffered to surrender on same terms as were granted to Lee. How is Lillie?

JNO. J. POLSLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

CHARLESTON, W. VA., April 18, 1865.

Captain JOHN WHITLEY, Jr., Loup Creek, W. Va.:

I am authorized to accept the surrender of Colonel Hounshell and his command upon the same terms which General Grant gave to General Lee, namely, the surrender of all arms, equipments, and other public property; officers and men to be paroled to return to their homes; triplicate rolls to be made, officers to give own paroles, commanding officers of companied for their men. You will find out and report

