
immediately the probable number of men Colonel Hounshell can surrender, and whether General Echols concours in it or will interfere. Also how soon and where he (Colonel H.) can comply with the above.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Coloenl, Commanding.

MOUTH OF SAINT MARY'S RIVER,

Military Steamer Distator, April 18, 1865. (Received 1.30 p. m.)

Brigadier General J. A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

The mail steamers are delayed here from twlve to twenty hours to await their turn to be searched. Could not officers from Point Lookout be sent and kept on the gun-boats for that purpose? If so, please order it immediately.

F. T. DENT,

Brigadier-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., Aprilo 18, 1865.

(Received 11.50 a. m.)

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND:

A very considerable number of officers and enlisted men of Lee's army who have been paroled are arriving here via Fort Monroe, from which point they were furnished transportation. They ask for free transportation from this point to their homes in Kenucky, Tennessee, and other Southern States. I have no instructions to furnish such transportation. What course shall I pursue?

W. W. MORRIS,

Brevet Briagadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 19, 1865-8.45 p. m. (Received 11 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Major Wallach, Confederate army, reached here this p. m. having left Danville yesterday. He reports just previous to his departure a train arrived from Geensborough having some Confederate officers in it, who stated that Johnston was at Greensborough, and that he had sent a flag of truce to Sherman, who was in the vicinity, and that it was undestood the object of the flag was a proposition to surrender. Major Wallach is a brother of the mayor of Washington, and has come in to give his parole.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, April 19, 1865-9 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Send the Ninth Army Corps to Washingon as rapidly as their places can be filled by such other troops as you may designate to take their place. Let the shipment of such as can be spared before their places are filled be commenced at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

