
behavior on the 31st day of March at the Boydton plank road, where his regiment captured the colors of the Forty-first Gorgia Regiment and over 100 prisoners; likewise for the skillful and gallant manner with which this officer handled the skirmish line on April 7, driving the enemy's line of battle from position a mere skirmish line, and for distinguished gallantry at Sutherland's Station, on the South Side Railroad, where he led his regiment in two separate charges through a murderous fire of artillery and musketry.

Joseph Hyde, lieutenant-colonel, One hundred and twenty-fifth New York Volunteers, to be promoted to colonel by brevet for his gallantry and distinguished behavior at the Boydton plank road March 31; at Sutherland's Station, April 2, and for his uniform good conduct and gallantry, in the several battles of the campaign.

John B. Geddis, captain, commanding One hundred and twenty-sixth New York Volunteers, to be promoted to major his regiment at the Boydton plank road March 31 (was severely wounded).

Edgar J. Hueston, captain, One hundred and eleventh Regiment New York Volunteers, to be promoted to major by brevet for his distinguished gallantry at Boydton plank road March 31, remarked by all throughout the brigade (he being severely wounded.)

H. Dodt, captain and acting assistant adjutant-general, to be promoted to major by brevet for gallantry at Boydton road, Sutherland's Station, and the several battles of the campaign. It will be remenbered I mentioned Captain Dodt in my official report, and report, and there recommended him for promotion. I have never seen a better staff officer in action.

The case of Captain Dodt in my official report, and there recommended him for promotion. I have never seen a better staff officer in action.

The case of Captain Geddis and Hueston, and the action of other officers so far as relates to the 31st of March, is stated by me upon representation of my staff and the general opinion throughout the brigade, as I was not placed in command until April 2. Yet I have seen those officers in very many battles and have personal knowledge of the gallantry and bravery of each.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. D. MACDOUGALL,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

FARMVILLE, April 19, 1865.

(Received 11.35 a. m.)

Bvt. Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The train has just arrived, 11 a. m., with nineteen guns-all the guns there. Left twenty carriages train could not bring. Small guard left with the remainder. Will thye be sent for or destroyed and guard relieved? I have ordered my safe-guards in to-morow to leave for Burkeville.

Yours,

JNO. I. CURTIN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. -What disposition will I make of the rolling-stock on railroad in case I leave this place to-morrow?

J. I. C.

