HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 19, 1865-11.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General CURTIN,

Commanding, Farmville:

You can destroy the gun carriages. Do not hurt the rolling-stock of the railroad, but leave it in charge of some prominent person in Farmville, with orders to see that it be not abused by unauthorized parties. This done, report with your command to General Parke.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA,Richmond, Va., April 19, 1865-10.20 a. m.

(Received 10.30 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

There have several thousand of the Army of Northern Virginia arrived in Richmond as their and en route. They are without money or food. There are perhaps 25,000 women and children, of all colors, here in the same condition. Their money valueless, they can get no food. Two hundred or 300 men a day are arriving to give themselves up, lay down their arms, and be paroled under the order I have issued. Labor and bread these people must have. I have authorized the canal, road, and mill companies to resume their works, under the condition that they are subject to give up to the United States at any moment. I have encouraged the destitute to quit the city by every route; have provided labor for all the colored men. I am opening shops for sewing women; have given passes to go home to a few officers and men of the paroled army, via the northern cities, thinking that they would be beter away from this place and would not dare to do overt acts at the North. Confidence in the United States and efforts to deserve the confidence of our authorities are being shown by the officers and men of General Lee's army continually. There are thousands of colored people flocking into town and roaming throught the country. They should be set to work. Wwe cannot afford to feed them in idleness. Generals W. H. F. Lee, Heth Pickett, Alexander, and others, and many prominent and formerly wealthy citizens, are asking me what they shall do to make their bread, expressing their great desire to co-operate with this Government if they can have peace and protection. My belief is that they desire the military authorities to remain under your control, at least until order can be restored, rather than any attempt be now made to organize a civil government in this State. Could you visit this city much good would result and, in my opinion, your person would be safer here than in Washington.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 19, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Your dispatch is received on the subject of sending paroled prisoners home. My impression is that the printed order furnished them by General Gibbon promises them transportation home free where their

