
routes-home are in our lines. Large numbers are arriving here destitute. I shall refuse them forage and subsistence; but little of the former has been issued. It is late to tuarn any leaving yesterday back from Fort Monroe. None will be allowed to leave to-day.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 19, 1865.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Your order prohibiting passes via northern routes to paroled prisoners will leave a large number of destitute officers and men here. The railroad and canal routes are all destroyed. There are no horses or mules or carriages left in thois vicinity. Many of the paroled prisoners have their homes in Maryland, Northern Kentucky, and Tennessee. Others have no homes-such, for instance, as came from Hampton, the coast of Northa Carolina, and where freedman's farms have been established on their former homes. These people's money is wothless and they have no food, nor can they but it or obtain labor here. They are coming here by thousands. Many of them have wives and children here. It would be absured to except them, with the bridges throught the country burnt, to foot it away or home. It is important to get them away from here. If I am not authorized either to feed them or send theym away by the most expeditious routes I cannot be responsible for the consequences.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, April 19, 1865-5.30 p. m.

Major-General ORD, Richmond, Va.:

Your dispatch received. We cannot undertake to bear all the hardships brought on individauals by their treason and rebelion. It was no part of the agreement that we should furnish homes, substitence, or transportation to Lee's army. After the surrender I ordered that the paroles of men should be a pass to go throught our lines to reach their homes, and that where transported on roads or vessels run by Government fare should not be collected. I did not any means intend that this should be an excuse for all who choose to come within our lines and stay there, a public charge, or that men going to North Carolina of Georgia should be furnished a pleaseant passage through the North and coastwise to their homes. Those living beyond our lines or in the seceded States before they come North meust qualify themselves as citizens by claiming and conforming to the President's amnesty proclamation. General Halleck will start to Richmond to-morrow and he will take up and settle the present difficulies.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 19, 1865.

Honorable C. A. DANA, Assistant Secretary of War:

Richmond is full of non-residents, paroled prisoners, refugees, followers of the army, and colored people. Every boat brings from the North persons on business of various kinds, often very indiscreet in

