
their conduct. I beg that the strictes orders may be given in regard to passes for Richmond until the city is cleared of the dangerous element that now fills it.

M. R. PATRICK,

Brigadier-General and Provost-Marshal-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 45. Burkeville, Va., April 19, 1865.

I. A body of men to called flankers will at once be organized in this corps by selecting from each regiment good, reliable soldiers at the rate of two to each 100 men.

II. The men so selected be called right and left flankers and will wear on their right and left arm respectively the division badge half way between the soulder and the elbow.

III. On the march the flankers, will be the only men permitted to leave the ranks, and it shall be their to march on the right and left of the column, and see that none others leave it.

IV. The flankers will be excused from all picket, guard, and fatigue details, will be designated by name from brigade headquarters, and when once appointe will not be relieved except by orders from the brigade commander.

V. The quartermaster's department will furnishe the necessary badges to carry out this order.

By command of Major General John Gibbon:

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 26. In the Field, Va., April 19, 1865.

The brigadier-general commanding takes this his first opportunity to congratulate this division on its brilliant achievements since leaving the north bank of the James. April 2, at the assault on Fort Gregg, the fighting was of the most desperate character, but by your steadfastnesss and courage you compelled it to surrender with its entire garrison and artillery, and won the key to Petersburg. Twice have you by the unparalleled rapidity of your marches met the head of the column of Lee's army, the last time at Appomattox Court-House, April 9, 1865, defeating it and cutting off his only line of retreat thus hastening his surrender. The well-closed ranks and almost entire absence of straggling with which your marches have been conducted are unprecedented, and have won the highest praise from all. During this time you have captured about 1,400 prisoners, including 1 general officer, and many officers of high rank, 13 pieces of artillery with caissons, and 5 battle-flags. A portion of your achievements have been under the immediated eye of the lieutenant general, and full credit is given you by all of your superior officers. Throught life no soldier will have a more honorable record than the fact that he did his duty through this short but brilliant campaign which terminated in the surrender of the Army of Northern Virginia. To the friends of our honored dead we offer our sincere sympathies. May our wounded speedily recover, and

