
may you always sustain the proud and honorable name that by your courage and good conduct you have fairly won for the Red Heart of the First Division, Twenty-fourth Army Corps.

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDRS, HDQRS. DISTRICT OF EASTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 29. Norfolk, Va., April 19, 1865.

To those erring and misguided persons who have been, allowed to return to their homes, and to all to whom it may be applicable, this order is promulgated. Many of you have been madly attempting the destruction of our common country, but a just God has defeated your efforts. You have experienced the might of your Government. You are now permitted to enjoy its clemency. You are again at home with the loved flag of the nation waving over you, to defend, succor, and protect. You are received into this district in the belief that, truly penitent for the past, you will become good citizens in the future. That you will in return for the confidence bestowed show yourselves worthy that confidence. In that belief you may rely upon fair an impartial treatment. Upon a proper manifestation of allegiance you shall seek your wond living as you choose, and be subjedt to no excessive restrains. You shall share equally all the privileges that can, with safety, be bestowed on any. Thus will you be trusted. With yourselves and your families remains your future of happniss or misery. As you give so shall you receive. With what measure you mete out your loyalty shall protection and pardon be meted out to your. A surly and dogged obedience, a traitorous life service, and a sneering worship in God's holy temple with treason in the heart, will not assuere such happiness to the male or female subject that joy will be born therefrom. Let there be thanks to God that the heart of the nation has been turned to pardon rather than to punishment, but take heed that offense cometh not again.

By order of Brigadier General Gerge H. Gordon:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 19, 1865-10.45 a. m.

Majora-General HANCOCK, Winchester:

There is evidence that Mosby knew of Booth's plan, and was here in this city with him; also that some of the gang are endeavoring to escape by crossing the upper Potomac to get with Mosby or the secesh there. Atzerodt, or Port Tobaco as he is called, is know to have gone to Rockville Satureday to escape in that direction.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, April 19, 1865.-12.10 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK, Winchester, Va.:

You may receive all rebel officers and soldiers who surrender to you on exactly the same terms were given to Generl Lee, except, have it distinctly understood that all who claim homes in States that never

