HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 22, 1865.

General C. C. AUGUR,Commanding Department of Washington:

The regiment of infantry and of cavalry, under Colonel Reno, found Mosby near Harmony with about 500 men and had a skirmish in which we lost about twenty. Some of the rebel wounded, including two officers, fell into our hands, and Mosby fell back to Upperville, where it is reported he has collected considerable stores. The river is still high and Mosby must go down toward White Plains or disperse as Reno will follow him as far as Ashby's Gap at least. He has collected quieter a large force for a raid, some of ;our informants putting it as high as 700, including White's battalion, but 500 is thought a large number.

Respectfully,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS, Washington, D. C., March 22, 1865.

General GAMBLE,Commanding, Fairfax Court-House:

The force sent out by General Hancock had a fight yesterday with a party of rebels about 500 strong. I wish you to send out about 500 men to-morrow to the vicinity of Upperville, where General Hancock's party has gone. Let your party look our for them, and not mistake them for rebels or rebels for them. The expedition to Northern Neck is abandoned for the present. Colonel Sweitzer will be out in the morning train.

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, 22nd ARMY CORPS, March 22, 1865.

Colonel GANSEVOORT,Commanding, Prospect Hill:

It is reported to me that while Lieutenant-Colonel Coles, of your regiment, was on a scout (to-morrow will be two weeks) he was informed that Mosby in person with a small party was near him, and that he made no effort to capture him, alleging as his reason that his orders were not to go beyond a certain stream. I desire to be informed if Lieutenant-Colonel Coloes was on a scout that day, if he had information that Mosby in person was near him with a small party, and what effort he made to capture him, if any. Send, if true, the reason for it.

Respectfully, yours,

C. C. AUGUR,

Major-General, Commanding.

[HARPER'S FERRY, W. VA., March 22, 1865.]

Brigadier-General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

Just received the following dispatch for the major-general commanding from Colonel Reno:

NEAR HARMONY, VA., March 22, 1865.

GENERAL: I have the honor to state that I arrived at this place last evening and had slight skirmish with the enemy, resulting in the following casualties to them: 2 captains wounded; 2 privates killed and 2 wounded; all fell into our hands. I

