
CHARLESTON, W. VA., April 19, 1865.

Captain JOHN WHITLEY, Jr.,

Loup Creek:

You do not state whether Colonel Hounshell states what General Echols' position [is]-whether he approves of his surrender or will interfere. This is important, as I understand Colonel H. is under Echols' command. A staff officer with you to-morrow with full instructions, but answer about Echols at once,

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

I want to know the position of these other commands with Echols, and whether he has any force with him.
HEADQUARTERS,Gauley, W. Va., April 19, 1865-6 p. m.

Colonel J. H. OLEY,

Commanding, District of Kanawha;

General Echols has disbaned his command, and has himself left this depaartment to join Johnsto's army. Colonel Hounshell is in command of the District of Greenbrier and Monroe, and at present is in command of the Department of West Virginia and East Tennessee, by virtue of his rank. The matter is fully understood between those present here, and Colonel Hounshell is anxious to return and complete the arrangemen already commenced. Shall I proceed to Lewisburg in accordance with my dispatch this morning to consummate the arrangement or return to Loup Creek?

J. WHITLEY, JR.,

Captain, Commanding Post.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, April 19, 1865-11.10 a. m.

Brevet Brigadier-General MORRIS,

Commanding Middle Department, Baltimore, Md.:

You wil receive the remains of the late President Abraham Lincoln upon their entry within your lines and taken charged of them under the orders of this Department while they remain in your command. The ceremonies and public honors to be paid them while in youra command will be in conformity with the directions of the executive of the State, to whom you will report. Acknowledge receipt.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., April 19, 1865.

(Received 6 p. m.)

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND:

General Morris telegraphed you yesterday respecting transportation for paroled rebel prisoners. It is important that the question be decided as soon as possible, as there are a considerable number of

