
NEW ORLEANS, LA., April 19, 1865.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON, Secretary of War:

This morning's papers contain the deplorable intelligence of the assassination of President Lincoln and Secretary Seward. Under the providence of God, in February, 1861, I was enabled to save him from the late he has now met. How I regret that I had been near him previous to this fatal act. I might have been the means to arrest it. If I can of any service please let me know. The service of my whole force, or life itself, is at your disposal, and I trust you will excuse me for impressing upon you the necessity of great personal caution on your part. At this time the nation cannot spare you.

E. J. ALLEN [ALLAN PINKERTON].

SAINT LOUIS, Mo., April 19, 1865.

(Received 9.10 p. m.)

Mrs. President LINCOLN:

The authorities of Saint Louis have made the most elaborate arrangements befitting the solemn occasion to receive with the honors due to the departed chief his mortal remains. Please grant to us the people west of the Mississippi, who loved him so well, the respectfull request to direct his body to pass by way of Cinninnati to Saint Louis, thence to Springfield.

HENRY T. BLOW,

JAS. H. THOMAS,

Mayor of Saint Louis.

WM. TAUSSIG,

President Saint Louis County Committee.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 72. Washington, April 20, 1865.

The following general officers and guard of honor will accompany the remains of the late President from the city of Washington to Springfield, the capital of the State of Illinoies, and continue with them until they are condigned to their final resting place: Bvt. Brigadier General E. D. Townsend, assistant adjutant-general, to represent the Secretary of War; Bvt. Brigadier General Charles Thomas, assistant quartermaster-general; Brigadier General A. B. Eaton, commissary-general of subsistence; Bvt. Major General J. G. Barnard, lieutenant-colonel of engineers; Brigadier General G. D. Ramsay, ordnance department; Brigadier General A. P. Howe, chief of artillery; Bvt. Brigadier General D. C. McCallum, superintendent military railroads; Major General D. Hunter, u. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General J. C. Cadwell, U. S. Volunteers, twenty-five picked men, under a captain.

By order of the Secretary of Wr:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 20, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, U. S. Army:

SIR: You will observe the following instructions in relaation to conveying the remaing of the late President Lincoln to Springfield, Ill.

