
Official duties prevent the Secretary of War from gratifying his desire to accompany the remains of the late beloved and distinguished President Abraham Licoln from Washington to their final resting place at his former home in Springfield, Ill., and therefore Assistant Adjutant-General Townsend is specially assigned to represent the Secretary of War, and to give all necessary orders in the name of the Secretay as if he were present, and such orders will be obeyed and respected accordingly. The number of general officers designated is nine, in order that at least one general officer may be continually in view of the remains from the of deparature from Washington until their interment.

The following details, in addition to the General Orders, Numbers 72, will be observed:

1. The State executive will have the general direction of the public honors in each State and furnish additional escort and guards of honor at places where the remains are taken from the hearse car, but subject to the general command of the departmental, division, or district commander.

2. The Adjutant-General will have a discretionary power to change or modify details not conflicting with the general arrangement.

3. The directions of General McCallum in regard to the transportation and whatever may be necessary for safe and appropriate conveyance will be rigorously enforced.

4. The Adjutant-General and the officers in charge are specially enjoined to strict vigilance to see that everything apppropriate is done and that the remains of the late illunstrious President receive no neglect or indignity.

5. The regulation in respect to the persons to be transported on the funeral train will be rigorously enforced.

6. The Adjutant-General will report by telegraph the arrival and departure at each of the designated cities on the route.

7. The remains, properly escorted, will be removed from the Capitol to the hearse car on the morning of Friday, the 21st, at 6 a. m., so that the train may be ready to start at the designated hour of 8 o'clock, and at each point designated for public honors care will be taken to have them restored to the hearses car in season for starting the train at the designated hour.

8. A disbrusing officer of the proper bureau will accompany the cortege to defray the necessary expenses, keeping an exact and detailed account thereof, and also distinguishing the expenses incurred on account of the Congressional comminttes, so that they may be reimbursed from the proper appropriations.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 20, 1865.

The following officers of the Navy and Maring Corps will accompany the remains of the late President from the city of Washington to Springfield, the capital of the State of Illinois, and continue with them until they are consigned to their final resting place: Rear-Admiral Charles Henry Davis, chief Bureau of Navigation; Captain William Rogers Taylor, U. S. Navy; Major Thomas Y. Field, U. S. Marine Corps.

GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy.

