SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, Numbers 78. Washington, D. C., April 20, 1865.

I. Brigadier General Edward A. Wild, U. S. Volunteers, having been relieved from duty in the Department of Virginia and ordered to report to these headquarters by Major General E. O. C. Ord, will proceed to his home, and from there report by letter to the Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington, D. C., for orders.

II. Brigadier General Haugh Ewing, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person to Major General C. C. Augur, commanding Department of Washington, for orders.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SURRATT. BOTH. HEROLD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 20, 1865.

$100,000 REWARD.

The murderer of our late beloved President Abraham Lincoln is still at large. Fifty thousand dollars reward will be paid by this Department for his apprehension, in addition to any reward by municipal authorities or State executive.

Twenty-five thousand follars reward will be paid for the apprehension of John H. Surratt, one of Booth's accomplices.

Twenty -five thousand dollars reward will be paid for the apprehension of David E. Herold, another of Booth's accomplices.

Liberal rewards will be paid for any information that shall conduce to the arrest of either of the above-named criminals or their accomplices.

All persons harboring or secreting the said persons, or either of them, or aiding or assisting their concealment or escape, will be treated as accomplices in the murder of the President and the attempted assassination of the Secretary of State, and shall be subject to trial before a military commission and the punishment of death.

Let the stain of innocent blood be removed from the land by the arrest and punishment of the murderers.

All good citizens are exhorted to aid public justice on this occasion. Every man should consider his own conscience charged with this solemn duty, and rest neither night nor day until it be accompllished.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Descriptions.-Booth is five feet seven or eight inches high, slender build, high forehead, black hair, eyes, and wore a heavy black mustache, which there is some reason to believe has been shaved off.

John H. Surratt is about five feet nine inches. Hair rather thin and dark; eyes rather light; no beard. Would weigh 145 or 150 pounds. Complexion rather pale and clear, with color in his cheeks. Wore light clothes of fine quality. Shoulders square; cheek bones rather promi

