
ment; chin narrow; ears projecing at the top; forehead rather low and squaare, but broad. Parts his hair on the right side. Neck rather long. His lips are firmly set. A slim man.

David E. Herols is five feet six inches high, hair dark, eyes dark, eyebrows rather heavy, full face, nose short, hand short and fleshy, feet small, instep high, round bodied, naturally quick and active; slightly closes his eyes when looking at a person.

Notice.-In addition to the above, State and other authorities have offered rewards amouning to almost $100,000, making an aggregate of about 4200,000.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 20, 1865.-8 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

Shall the Ninth Corps take with them their artillery and supply trains?

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, April 20, 1865-12.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

The ninth Corps will bring everything with them.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenantn-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 20, 1865-3 p. m. (Received 5 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

I transmith a dispatch just handed me by Mr. Dunn The Danville road is in working order as far as the Staunton River. Mr. Dunn says there are no Confederate troops or authorities at Danville; that it was understood there that Johnston and Breckinridge had me General Sherman at Hillsborough, and that terms had been agreed upon by which Johnston's army was to be disbanded and sent to their homes. No answer pending your instructions has been given to Mr. Dunn, who will await here your decision.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

[Inclosure.]

DANVILLE, VA., April 19, 1865.

WILLIAM S. DUNN,

Engineer of Repairs, Richmong and Danville Railroad:

SIR: You will at once proceed to the advanced post of the Army of the United States on the line of the Richmond and Danville Railroad and inquire of the officers in command if it is the purpose of the military authorities of the United States to allow the Richmond and Danville Railroad to work their raod through from Danville to Richmond without interference, and state that in that event steps will be at once

