
taken to place the road in proper for running. As soon as you ascertain the purpose of the said authorities you will report to me by telegraph and in person.

Respectfully,

LEWIS E. HARVIE,

President of the Richmond and Danville Railroad.

WASHINGTON, April 20, 1865-9.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

You may say to Mr. Dunn that the policy to be pursued toward railroad companies south of the James River has not yet been decided upon, and cannot be until it is known that the Government can control them. When the authority of the General Government is acknowledged the policy will go as far toward free trade between the States and right of loyal citizens to control their property, railroad and all,as may be consistent with what remains of the rebelion. The roads will never be allowed to resume operations under disloyal officers nor in the interest of disloyal stockholders. It behooves all who with to resume businesss under the old flag to renew their allegiance to it under the President's amnesty proclamation without delay.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Copy transmitted to Lewis Harvice, president Richmond and Danville Railroad, on April 21, by Major-General Meade.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 20, 1865. (Sent 1.10 p. m.)

Brigadier General RUFUS INFGALLS,

City Point:

The Ninth Corps takes six batteries. The other four, lately attched to it from other corps, are ordered to the reserve at Petersburg. Colonel Bartchelder has telegraphed you about the Ninteh Corps wagon trains.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., April 20, 1865.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Lieutenant-General Grant, Washington, D. C.:

Sheridan left his wagons at Harpers' Ferry. He requirest at leat 100 at Petersburg. Can I take them from the Ninth Corps? I am told that corps is under marching orders. What disposition shall be made of its means of transportation? I would suggest that artillery wagon trains, &amp;c., could be sent by land without much loss of time if the lieutenant-general should wish.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

54 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

