
WASHINGTON, D. C., Arpil 20, 1865-4.45 p. m.

General R. INGALLS,

City Point, Va.:

You may keep from the Ninth Corps what wagons you deem necessary for Sheridan's cavalry. If it is necessary for the Ninth Corps to have any more I will direct some from Harper's Ferry to be brought up.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., April 20, 1865.

Bvt. Major General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General, U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

There is now a large quantity of forage here and at Fortress Monroe; enough grain for 65,000 animals forty days, and hay for twenty-five days. The hay has accumulated since the opening of the recent campaign, during which the animals were foraged on the country. The railroad is now in condition to transport forage to the places occupied by the troops. The cavalry is supplied at Petersburg by the Appomattox River. The consumption from this time will therefore be considerable. Most of the hay and grain is afloat, and can be sent to any other point if desirable. I would suggest that no more be sent here until the probable disposition of the troops is more fully developed. On the 16th of April I asked Colonel Brown to diminsh his shimplments one third.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

HEADQUAARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

April 20, 1865.

Brigadier General R. INGALLS,

City Point:

A messanger has arrived here from Danville with a proposition from the President of the Richmond and Danville Railroad to open that road from Richmond to Danville. I have given the letter to General Meade, and he has reffered it to General Grant. The messenger says that the rolling stock of the road is all about Danville; that the road is in good order; that Jeff. Davis has left, and that there is no enemy about.

R. N. BATCHELDER,

Colonel and Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac.

U. S. MILITARY RAILROAD,

City Point, April 20, 1865.

General D. C. MCCALLUM,

Military Director, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.:

Party returned from Danville road. The iron bridge of two spans, 110 feet each and 50 feet hight, across the Appomattox, twenty-seven miles from Richmond, and 2,000 of track, is destroyed. The other portion of the road is good to Burkeville, except about twenty milest of track next Richmond, in about the same condition as South Side road.

J. J. MOORE,

Chief Engineer and General Superintendent.

