
within the limits of other commands, it is respectfully suggested that an order from the lieutenant-general is desirable to insure full efficacy thereto thought the United States.

The slip addition make C was also added to the rolls of the officers. On account of the very considerable disorganization of General Lee's army, the work was difficult and laborious, and infinite pains were required to reduce the same to some system, with what success will be observed from an examination of the duplicate rolls herewith respectfully forwarded. After the dark of Lieutenant General A. P. Hill his corps was placed under the command of Lieutenant-General Longstreet, while at the time of the surrender General Gordon's corps comprised his own (late that of Lieutenant-General Early) and also the corps or command of Lieutenant-General Ewell, previously captured, the highest officer in which was a lieutenant-colonel.

Thus many of the rebel officers did not clearly understand their own organization, and to add to the difficulties many officers and men came in after the paroling of their command, when they had heard the terms offered by General, preferring to receive the benefits thereof to a successful escape. Some of the rebel commanding officers also left at an early hour after perfecting their own papers, leaving their men and subordinate officers without advice or assistance, and toward the end I was obligated to apply to Major General Fitzhugh Lee to detail an officer to remain with me for the purpose of taking up men of various commands, which he did by directing his assistant adjutant-general, Captain Cove to report for that purpose.

Officers and men of the rebel army were found most willing to obey directions for the faithful carrying out of the terms of the surrender, under the expectation that the same would result in personal benefit to them, and many of them while expressing thankfulness to our officers animadverted strongly upon their abandonment by their own officers, but, as the latter could not be heard in explanation, I have not considered it proper to include any names officially. Wherever the same could be done at attempt was made to parole officers and men by brigades, and it will be sent that this method was substantially followed with accuracy throughout General Longstreet's command. In General Gordon's, however, only a proportion could be done in that way, and future reference thereon will have to be made by regiments and will be found difficult at that. The paroling of the artillery and the cavalry command of General William H. F. Lee was personally superintended by the commanding officers thereof, and the papers are methodical to a considerable extent. Great care was taken on our part as to the exactitude of the duplicates, and, where commanding officers had left prior to the completion of the patrols of their men, the papers belonging to the other side were taken by Captain Oliver for delivery to General R. E. Lee at Richmond. Summaries have been made by actual count of each command, and will be found to accompany the papers, the whole number paroled of officers and men being a little over 26,000.

I should also add that at the request of General Lee and other officers of rank of the rebel army, and by the advice of the officers commanding the commission on our side, a few of the certificates of parole were countersigned by me, where the bearers were about to proceed immediately to distant points. Such were given to officers commanding detachments, and in a few cases, which were specially represented, to individuals who were not able to proceed to their homes in the company of any organized bodies. The kindest co-operation was received from the officers of the commission on our side, and from the provost-marshals

