
marshals of the Fifth and Twenty-fourth Army Corps, and the assistance rendered throughout by Captain Paul A. Oliver was invaluable and highly meritorious.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Assistant Provost-Marshal-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,June 17, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Secretary of War together with the rolls of officers and men of Lee's army.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[Inclosure.*]

B.

I, the undersigned commanding officers of - -, do for the within-named prisoners of war belonging to the Army of Northern Virginia, who have been this day surrender by General Robert E, Lee, C. S. Army, commanding said army, to Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, commanding Armies of the United States, hereby give my solemn parole of honor that the within named shall not hereafter serve in the armies of the Confederate States, or in any military capacity whatever, against the United States of America, or render aid to the enemies of the latter until properly exchanged, in such manner as shall be manually approved by the respective authorities. Done at Appomattox Court-House, Va., this 9th day of April, 1865.

C.

The within-named men will not be disturbed by U. S. authorities so long as they observe their parole and the laws in force where they may reside.

D.

APPOMATTOX COURT-HOUSE, VA.,

April 10, 1865.

The bearer,- -, of Company-,- Regiment of -, a paroled prisoner of the Army of Northern Virginia, has permission to go to his home and there remain undisturbed.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF CHIEF ENGINEER,April 20, 1865.

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: In compliance with your letter of the 18th instant I have the honor to recommend the following officers for proportion by brevet, for faithful and meritorious services in the construction of fired-works in

---------------

* For inclosure A, see form of parole signed by General Lee, p. 667, and for E, see General Orders, Numbers 43, headquarters Twenty-fourth Army Corps, April 11, p. 709.

---------------

