
front of Petersburg during the pasty winter, and in superintending the engineering operations of this army during the late campaign: Major and Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel N, Michler, Corps of Engineers, to be colonel, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet; First Lieutenant and Bvt. Captain W. H. H. Benyaurd, Corps of Engineers, to be major by brevet; First Lieutenant and Bvt. Captain C. W. Howell, Corps of Engineers, to be major by brevet; First Lieutenant G. J. Lydecker, Corps of Engineers, to be captain by brevet; First Lieutenant D. P. Heap, Corps of Engineers, to be captain by brevet; First Lieutenant C. B. Philips, Corps of Engineers, to be captain by brevet.

I would also recommend that Lieutenant Colonel and Bvt. Colonel I Spaulding Fiftieth New York Volunteer Engineers, should receive the brevet of brigadier-general for the able manner in which he has commanded his regiment during the campaign. I have approved of the recommendations made by Colonel Spaulding for the promotion of officers of his command.

Very respectfully,

J. C. DUANE,

Major of Eng. and Bvt. Colonel, Chief Engineer, Army of the Potomac.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 31, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General, approved.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,April 20, 1865.

PROVOST-MARSHAL SECOND CORPS:

You will issue rations to the impoverished families living n the neighborhood of your corps upon their taking the oath of allegiance. The approval of the corps commander will be sufficient without for warding the returns to these headquarters. Such protection as can be furnished them by division and brigade provost-marshals should be given. There is no necessity of referring them to these headquarters for safeguards, for all that we can now give are so employed.

G. N. MACY,

Provost-Marshal-General.

(Same to provost-marshals Fifth and Sixth Corps.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 20, 1865.

General R. DE TROBRIAND:

I send you herewith an order for a strong regiment from your division to be sent to Farmville as garrison. A brigade of the Ninth Corps has been doing that duty, but it is now on the march from that place to join its corps, which is on the way to Washington. You will order the amount of transportation to which the regiment is entitled to be

