
[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 27, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

In addition to the above, the following recommendations are approved:

First Brigade: Colonel I. W. Starbird, Nineteenth Maine Volunteers, to be brigadier-general by brevet, April 7, 1865. Captain William Ludgate Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers, to be major be brevet, April 7, 1865. Capt O. R. Small, acting assistant adjutant-general, to be major by brevet, April 9, 1865. First Lieutenant Adjt. George Matthews, Seventh Michigan [Fifty-ninth New York] Volunteers, to be captain by brevet, April 9, 1865. First Lieutenant Aldrich Tennant, Seventh Michigan Volunteers, to be captain by brevet, April 9, 1865. Second Lieutenant W. H. Tripp, Nineteenth Maine Volunteers, to be captain by brevet, April 9, 1865.

Second Brigade: Lieutenant james W. Young, Company G, Eighth New york Heavy Artillery, to be captain by brevet, April 9, 1865.

Third Brigade: Captain William H. Andrew, Company C, One Hundred and eight New York Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, April 7, 1865. Captain S. P. Howard, Company E, One hundred and eighth New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet, April 7, 1865. Captain Lewis Tounds, Company C, Fourth Ohio Battalion, to be major by brevet, April 9, 1865. Capt S. W. De Witt, Company B, Fourth Ohio Battalion, to be major by brevet, April 9, 1865.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 1, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General.

The following recommendations of Major-General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps, are approved.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,Near Burkeville, Va., April 19, 1865.

Major J. M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with circular from headquarters Second Army Corps dated April 18, 1865, I do respectfully recommend the following officers for promotion:

Colonel I. W. Starbird, Nineteenth Infantry Maine Volunteers, to be brevet brigadier-general for meritorious service,t o wit: An order was issued from headquarters Second Division, Second Army Corps, on March 29, 1865, to make a reconnaissance toward Dabney's Mill and ascertain if there was any enemy there and the strength of the same, as well as the formation of any works. I detailed Colonel Starbird, with his regiment, the Nineteenth Maine, went proper support for such purpose. He promptly obeyed the order and executed it, giving all the

