
required information. The brigade was advanced, and occupied the position shortly afterward. Also, on the 7th of April, 1865 (for gallant advance a strong regiment to take a supposed work near High Bridge, I sent him with his regiment, and, on arriving on the-railroad, found it unoccupied. He was advanced to High Bridge by General barlow to save High Bridge, it having been fired by the rebels; also a small bridge for crossing below the bridge. He, with his regiment, promptly advanced, and it was mainly through his exertion saved, and the crossing secured over the small bridge. Early in the skirmish he received a very severe wound while directing his men and encouraging them to advance. He secured either side of the river.

Lieutenant Colonel George W. La Point, Seventh Infantry Michigan Volunteers, for general good conduct and meritorious services on many occasions, to be colonel by brevet. It was through service on many skill with the skirmish line on the 2nd of April, 1865, that we secured and occupied the fort on the right of the main line of the enemy's works, running from Petersburg to Haftcher's Run, near the Crow house. I earnestly recommend this officer for brevet colonelcy, for I am strongly of the opinion he is well deserving.

Captain William Ludgate, commanding Fifty-ninth New York Veteran Volunteers, to be major by brevet. For promptness and gallantry in advancing and rallying his men to advance with a small detachment of the regiment to try and save the bridge about to be fired by the rebels near Farmville on the 7th of April, 1865, I would respectfully recommend him to be major by brevet.

In conclusion, I consider that my staff are worthy of brevet promotion, and do respectfully ask that Captain A. B. Homles, acting assistant inspector general, be recommended for brevet major; Captain O. R. Small, acting assistant adjutant-general, to be major by brevet; First Lieutenant and Adjt. George Matthews. Fifth-ninth new York Veteran Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet; First Lieutenant Aldrich Tennant, Seventh Michigan, aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet; Second Lieutenant William H, Tripp, Nineteenth Maine, aide-de-camp to be captain by brevet. All the staff officers are recommended for gallant and meritorious services on every occasion for carrying and seeing personal that all orders were executed.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM A. OLMSTED,

Colonel Fifth New York Veteran Vols., Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,April 20, 1865.

Major JOHN M. NORVELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Second Army Corps:

MAJOR: In compliance with circular of the 18th instant, from headquarters Second Army corps, I would respectfully recommend to the major-general commanding the following-named officers as deserving of promotion, as a reward for meritorious services during the late operations, viz, Captain Robert Heggart, commanding Sixty-ninth Regiment new York National Guard Artillery; Captain Timothy J. Burke, commanding one hundred and sixty-fourth Regiment New York State Volunteers.

