
Captain Robert Heggart particularly distinguished himself in leading the assault of his regiment on the enemy's redoubts in the neighborhood of the Crow house on the 2nd instant. His regiment was the only one detailed for that purpose and was led by him in the most gallant manner. After having captured the first line of works he (Captain Hegart) immediately advanced upon another redoubt, directly in rear of the one first assaulted, and captured therein one gun, with caisson, ammunition, &amp;c., complete, and a number of prisoners. Leaving a guard in possession of the property he at once deployed his command as skirmishers and followed up the retreating enemy to the Boydton plank road, taking many prisoners. This officer has been at all times present with his command, and participated in every engagement since Spotsylvania, and was recommended for promotion to the rank of major for gallantry, displayed in the engagement at Hatcher's Run on the 5th of February.

Captain Timothy J. Burke, One Hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, was in command of the skirmish line at the time of the assault on the 2nd instant. He advanced the line in connection with the Sixty-ninth New York National Guard Artillery, near Captain Heggart, and was among the first to enter the redoubt, taking about 40 prisoners, 2 guard, caissons, &c., and then moved forward upon the enemy's skirmishers with a promptness that could not be excelled. The conduct of Captain Burke upon the occasion mentioned had elicited the praise and admiration of all who witnessed the advance of our line, and as a reward therefor I would respectfully recommend that he be appointed to the rank of major.

Lieutenant James W. Young, Company G, Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, is also deserving of special mention as having exhibited more than ordinary skill and bravery whilst in command of a part of the line under Captain Burke on the 2nd instant, and I believe him to be worthy of and would recommend him for promotion to the rank of captain.

Hoping that the above will meet the favorable consideration of the major-general commanding.

I am, major-general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. McIVOR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 3.]
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS

April 20, 1865.

Major JOHN M. NORVELL,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division:

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the accompanying reports of regimental commanders, in accordance with instructions received in communication from corps headquarters. As I was in command of the brigade but a brief period before the closing of the campaign, I was not cognizant of any individual officer who particularly distinguished himself, but all alike performed their duty in a prompt and creditable manner.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANIEL WOODALL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

