
[Sub-inclosure Numbers 1.]
HEADQUARTERS 108TH NEW YORK STATE VOLUNTEERS,April 20, 1865.

Captain F. M. RILEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions I have the honor to report the following-named officers as worthy of promotion:

Captain William H. Andrew for gallantry and good conduct on the morning of April 7, 1865, and the manner in which he managed the left wing of the regiment on that morning. Captain Andrew was commissioned as major September 1, 1864, but cannot be mustered under existing orders. He had command of the regiment most of the time from June 1, 1864, until February 1, 1865, as the colonel was absent wounded and I was in command of another organization. I think his service and abilities entitle him to the rank of lieutenant colonel.

Captain S. P. Howard for gallantry and good conduct on the morning of April 7, 1865. Captain Howard was continually ion the advance, and was the first officer to reach the ten pieces of artillery left by the enemy at the west end of the railroad bridge. I think Captain howard, by his service, has earned the position of major, and is entitled to the promotion.

As this regiment, proceed by a few skirmishers from the First Delaware for a display of the highest qualities a soldier should possess, and I cannot speak too highly of the conduct of all officers engaged.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. E. PIERCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Sub-inclosure Numbers 2.]
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH OHIO INFANTRY,April 19, 1865.

Captain RILEY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade:

CAPTAIN: In compliance with circular of this date I have the honor to make the following report of commissioned officers who distinguished themselves by acts of conspicuous gallantry during the late campaign:

Lewis Rounds, captain Company C, Fourth Ohio Infantry, in company with one enlisted man, entered the for on the Boydton plank road near the bridge, capturing 1 captain, 1 lieutenant, and 19 enlisted men, armed, with 7 musicians, the battalion being on the skirmish line at the time in charge of S. W. De Witt, captain Company B, Fourth Ohio Infantry. Also in the charge at the High Bridge, when the battalion was again on the skirmish line, at which place both these officers displayed bravery in rallying encouraging their men, thus adding materially to the success of our arms.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. CALAHAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

