HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following list of officers of this command, recommended for promotion by brevet by their superior commanders.

Very respectfully,

R. DE TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers.

List of officers recommended for promotion by brevet in the Third Division, Second Army Corps.

Name.	 Rank.	 Recommendation.

Byron R.	 Brigadier-	 Top be provided to major-general

Pierce...	 general......	 gallantry and ability in command

 	 of the Second Brigade, especially

 	 the 6th instant.

R.	 Brevet	 To be promoted brigadier-general

McAlliste	 Brigader-	 in full for long and faithful

r........	 general.......	 services in the command of the

 	 Third Brigade, especially on March

 	 25, April 1 and 2 last.

First	 Lieutenant-	 To be colonel by brevet. A fighter

Brigade.	 colonel 73rd	 and good officer; for gallant

 New York.	 service, especially on the night

M. W.	 	 of April 1 and April 6.

Burns....

Charles	 Lieutenant-	 To be colonel by brevet for

H.	 colonel 73rd	 excellent o the night of April 1

Weygant..	 New York.	 and April 6.

Albert S.	 Lieutenant-	 To be colonel by brevet. Gallant

Andrew..	 colonel 20th	 and efficient officer; wounded on

 Indiana.	 the 27th of October; wounded again

 	 on the 25th March; carried the

 	 picket-lie of the enemy in front

 	 of the brigade, and held it

 	 against every attack. Now returned

 	 to duty.

I. T.	 Major 110th	 To be lieutenant colonel by brevet

Hamilton.	 Pennsylvania.	 for meritorious services in

 	 command of his regiment. Severely

 	 wounded of March 25, 1865.

Frank. R.	 Captain, 110	 To be major by brevet. Good

Stewart..	 Pennsylvania	 officer. Commanded his regiment

 bridge	 with great gallantry and ability

 inspector,	 during the last campaign.

 Second

 Brigade.

Augustus	 Captain, 40th	 To be major by brevet. Brave and

W. Keene.	 New york......	 efficient officer; for gallant

 	 services as acting aide-de-camp,

 	 especially on March 25 and during

 	 the last campaign.

Samuel	 Second	 To be captain by brevet for

Shoup..	 lieutenant 5th	 remarkable gallantry in action,

 Michigan.	 and good services as voluntary

 	 aide on October 25 last, and as

 	 aide-de-camp on all subsequent

 	 engagements.

Second	 Colonel 5th	 To be brigadier-general by brevet

brigade.	 Michigan......	 for gallantry in action and

 	 efficiency in the line of duty,

John	 	 especially on March 30 and April 2

Pulford.	 	 and 6.

George	 Colonel 57th	 To be brigadier-genera by brevet

Zinn....	 Pennsylvania..	 for good and meritorious services,

 .	 especially on the 6th instant.

Nathaniel	 Major 1st	 To be lieutenant-colonel by brevet

Shatswell	 Massachusetts	 for bravery and efficiency in the

.	 Heavy	 command of his regiment.

 Artillery.

Charles	 Major 17th	 To be colonel by brevet. An

P.	 Maine.........	 excellent officer; promoted

Mattocks.	 .	 lieutenant-colonel while prisoner

 	 of war, which promotion did not

 	 take effect, the vacancy having

 	 been subsequently filled by,

 	 another appointment; distinguished

 	 himself especially on the 6th

 	 instant, while in command of his

 	 regiment.

Charles	 Adjutant 57th	 To be captain by brevet for

W.	 Pennsylvania,	 efficiency his line of duty and

Forester.	 and acting	 gallantry in action at all times.

 assistant

 adjutant-

 general,

 Second

 Brigade.

Silas K.	 Lieutenant and	 To be captain by brevet for good

Pierce...	 aide-de-camp.	 conduct and meritorious services.

