
by brevet; Major H. Hartford, Eighth New Jersey Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet; Captain J. P. Finkelmeier, assistant adjutant-general to be major by brevet; First Lieutenant William Plimley, aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet; Lieutenant Colonel Albert S. Andrew, Twentieth Indiana Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet; Colonel John Pulford, Fifth Michigan Volunteers, to be brigader-general by brevet; Major Charles. P. Mattocks, Seventeenth Maine Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet; to be colonel by brevet.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,May 27, 1865.

The within recommendations of General De Trobriand are concurred in.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,June 1, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General.

The foregoing recommendations of Major-General Humphreys, commanding Second Corps, are approved.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel CHARLES A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forwarded the following names of officers in my command whom I desire to recommend for promotion on account of service rendered during the late campaign: First, Captain and Bvt. Major T. Fred. Brown, First Rhode Island Light Artillery, to be made lieutenant-colonel by brevet for meritorious service, good conduct, and valuable assistance rendered the chief of artillery on the late campaign; second, First Lieutenant and Bvt. Captain J. W. Roder, Fourth U. S. Artillery, to be made major by brevet for the exhibition of all the sterling qualities of a skillful and tried officer; third, Captain A. Judson Clark, commanding Battery B, First New Jersey Artillery, to be made major by brevet for distinguished service rendered on the 2nd of April, contributing materially to the success achieved on that day by the First Division; fourth, First Lieutenant E. S. Smith, Fifteenth New York Independent Battery, serving with Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, to be made captain by brevet for the conspicuous gallantry, judgment, and precision with which be handled his guns throughout the campaign: fifth, First Lieutenant A. M. E. Gordon. Fourth New York Artillery, acting assistant adjutant-general, to be made captain by brevet for the very satisfactory manner in which he has performed the duties pertaining to his office, in addition to valuable service rendered as acting aide-de-camp.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. HAZARD,

Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

