SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 88. April 20, 1865.

1. The First and Third Division of this corps on being relieved by troops of the Fifth Corps will, without delay, and without waiting for further orders, take up their line of march for City Point, and endeavor to reach that place as soon as possible. All preliminary arrangements will be made at once.

2. The Second Division of the corps will take up the line of march for City Point in the morning. The brigades at this point will start as soon after daylight as practicable, and all guards, &amp;c., will be called in at once.

3. The batteries now with the divisions will go with them, and on arrival at City Point they will be collected together under the direction of the chief of artillery of the corps.

4. Quartermasters, subsistence, medical, and provost-marshal department will at once make their arrangements in accordance with the foregoing.

By command of Major-General Parke:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 20, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Cavalry:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the following statement in relation to capture of Brigadier General M. D. Corse, C. S. Army, on the 6th instant, by Private W. T. Bateman, Company M. First New Jersey Cavalry, at Sailor's Creek. he belongs to my escort.

One the 6th instant I ordered the escort to charge along with a regiment of the division that was then charging. They charged down to the woods and came across the rebels. He (Bateman) saw three of them mounted, in a little ravine, and ordered them to surrender. General Corps threw up a white handkerchief and came up toward him. He then told his aide to give up his pistol, which was in possession of one of them. He then marched all three to the rear and turned them over to Captain William Harper, division provost-marshal.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

GEO. CROOK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 20, 1865.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Washington:

Respectfully forwarded to Lieutenant-General Grant for his orders in the case:

FORT MONROE, VA., April 20, 1865.

Brigadier General M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General, Richmond:

There are about 3,000 rebel paroled prisoners here awaiting transportation to New Orleans, Mobile, &c. The quartermaster says he will send five steamers with them.

