
Should a guard be scent on these steamers? If so, I cannot procure guards at this point for more than two of the steamers. Please inform me whether I shall send guards on these steamers; and, if so, where I shall procure them.

A. GILCHRIST,

Captain and Provost-Marshal.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 20, 1865-4.45 p. m.

Major-General ORD,

Richmond, Va.:

The 3,000 prisoners at Fort Monroe, bound for new Orleans, Mobile &amp;c., cannot be furnished transportation by Government. It was no part of the arrangement that they should receive transportation, or be allowed to pass through our lines except when to reach their homes it was necessary to do so. The men living south of Richmond must get home through the country, and if they come within our lines must do so either as prisoners of war who surrender their parole or as persons desirous of quitting the rebel cause and taking advantage of the President's amnesty.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 20, 1865.

(received 5.15 p. m.)

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, U. S. Army:

Colonel Lamb, Lieutenants Lewis and Hawes, C. S. Army, prisoners of war, wounded and at Hampton Hospital, desire to take the oath of allegiance. Surgeon McClellan reports that he believes they are actuated by a full conviction of their errors and true desires to return to take the oath of allegiance and go North on business. Shall I let them do so? Brevet Brigadier-General Jackson is now commanding division (late Birney's). Jackson will lose his place of lieutenant-colonel as inspector of the department by my going out. Can be not be made a full brigadier of volunteers for gallant services in the field at Petersburg, pursuit and capture of Lee's army, so that he many continue in command of the division and get pay? He is only a captain of regulars.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Washington, D. C., April 20, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Richmond, Va.:

Colonel Lamb, Lieutenants Lewis Hawes can take the oath os allegiance and amnesty oath, and renew their allegiance, citizenship and rights to hold property by conforming to the President's amnesty

55 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

