
proclamation. This rule applies to all who are not excluded by the proclamation. Those who are excluded must make special application, to be referred to the President, before they can be allowed the privilege. General Jackson cannot be promoted just now, but as you do not give up your department command it will make no difference in his position.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, &amp;C.,Richmond, April 20, 1865.

Major General JOHN GIBBON,

Burkeville:

You had better remain with your command at Burkeville until general Halleck arrives. He will take command of the department perhaps to-morrow, and may want your command to remain in the west of the State. What troops besides your corps are at or near Burkeville?

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 46. Burkeville, Va., April 20, 1865.

In memory of our late Chief Magistrate the colors of the different commands of this corps will be placed in morning, which will be worn until further orders, The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary crape.

By command of Major General John Gibbon:

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY BRIGADE, ARMY OF THE JAMES,April 20, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I have the honor to recommend for promotion to the grade of brigadier-general, Colonel Robert M. West, Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry Volunteers. Colonel West in an officer of long service and has been especially zealous in the present campaign. I make this recommendation in advance of my report, when I shall call the attention of the commanding general to other officers, whom I consider as worthy special praise.* I earnestly requested this promotion for gallant and meritorious conduct, to date from the battle of Five Forks, Va., April 1, 1865.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. S. MACKENZIE,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding Division.

---------------

* See Part I, p. 1247.

---------------

