SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. TWENTY-FIFTH ARMY CORPS, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 105 In the Field, Va., April 20, 1865.

* * * * *

3. The troops of this command will charge camp to-morrow. The First Division will encamp on Cox's road, westward of Mr. J. Read's Baydton at Well's house to the Cox road at Read's house, and on the sport indicated to the commanding officer of the division to-day. The camp of the artillery will be designated hereafter by the commanding general. The column will move at 7 a. m. and in the following order: First, infantry, Second Division leading; second, ambulances; third artillery; fourth, wagon trains.

By order of Major General G. Weitzel:

W. L. GOODRICH,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DIST. OF EASTERN VIRGINIA, Numbers 30. Norfolk, Va., April 20, 1865.

1. All persons resident within this district are strictly prohibited from wearing any clothing, emblem, or badge over adopted, worn, or ordered in or for any of the insurgent forces within the United States.

2. It is made the duty of the provost-marshal of Norfolk and Portsmounth, upon the landing, on arrival within this district, of persons lately attached to or members of the insurgent forces, as above described, wearing any clothing, or any emblem, or badge indicating rank or service in said insurgent forces, to remove immediately every vestige of such emblem or badge, and notify all such persons, residents of this district, that forty-eight hours from the moment of landing will be allowed to obtain a citizen' dress. At or before the expiration of the forty-eight hours the persons so notified will report in person the execution of this order to the provost-marshal. Failures in exact performance of this order will be followed by arrest.

3. Upon the landing or arrival within this district of persons lately attached to or members of the insurgent forces, as described in paragraph 1, it is the duty of all provost-marshals to send such persons in a body under guard to headquarters of the district, after which they will be returned to the office of the provost-marshal, where they will be disposed of as follows: The names and residence of those whose homes are within this district will be taken, after which they will be allowed to go to their homes;, first homes, first being thoroughly instructed in the duties laid down in paragraph 2. Those passing through this district to their homes will be detained under guard until proper transportation is provided.

4. Commanding officers and provost-marshall will se that the provisions of paragraphs 1 and 2 are carried out in cases where heretofore seems to have been some neglect. Guards will be ordered to arrest any person violating those provisions.

By order of Brigadier General George H. Gordon:

T. H. HARRIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

