
WINCHESTER, April 20, 1865.

(Received 8.05 a. m. 21st.)

Brigadier-General RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

At Remount Camp, near Harper's Ferry, there are 6,300 men of the dismounted cavalry of General Sheridan and of the commands of this Valley and five batteries of horse artillery. Should any more men be required in the neighborhood of Washington I would suggest that the Remount Camp be transferred to Giesborough, of some such point. This dismounted cavalry is general well armed.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., April 20, 1865-11.30 p. m.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff:

The Confederate officers and soldiers coming on here daily for parole amount to above 100. A great many others have been paroled by my advanced cavalry at Strasburg, Woodstock, and New Market, in the Valley, embracing the small commanders in that section of country; also a great many of Mosby's men, guerrillas, straggles, and men on leave are coming in at other posts. In the Kanawha Valley the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hounshell which is being surrendered, amounts to about 400 or 500 men. Several others detachments have applied at Lewisburg to surrender on the same terms. They are understood to be of General Echol's command, who himself has left. Colonel Mosby in person was met at Millwood to-day at 12 m., when the truce with him ended. He stated, and I have no doubt it is true from the corroboration of paroled officers and citizens, that his command has disbanded with the exception of a few officers and soldiers. When Mosby found that no further truce or terms would be offered to him he was very much gaited. The Confederate officers and soldiers who have surrendered and the citizens are hostile to him. My impression is that everything in this country shows a state of pacification. The worst band of guerrillas in Loundoun Country (Mobberly's) have all been killed or surrendered. If Mosby is in Loudoun Valley I will hunt him out.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, April 20, 1865.

Major General C. C. AUGUR, Commanding Department of Washington:

In view of the large number of paroled prisoners coming to Washington and other late occurrences, it will be necessary to use the greatest vigilance to prevented disturbances in this city and District of Columbia. Increase the guards about public buildings and on the streets. Place pickets on all the roads leading out of the city where you have none now and strengthen those you already have. The large additional force ordered here will enable you to do this, and, as this increase of force will commence arriving to-morrow, all the force you now have can be put on duty at once if necessary. Give such orders to all guards

