
in the city and on the roads leading from it as will best secure safety and prevent escape of perpetrators if mischief is done. By the agree men with General Lee all paroled prisoners were to return to their homes. After the agreement it occurred to Lee that many of his men lived within our lines. He asked men how they were to get there. I answered by giving an order that their paroles should be their pass for going through our lines where it was necessary for them to pass them to comply with their part of the agreement, and that when they traveled on Government roads or vessels they would be transported free. It was never contemplated that they should come North to reach homes in the Southern States, not that Government should undertake to furnish any of them transportation on private roads or vessels. All who come within your department in violation of this interpretations of the agreement between Lee and myself may be turned back or taken up and imprisoned for violation of their paroles unless they quality themselves as citizens of the United States by obtaining the President's amnesty.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WINCHESTER, VA., April 20, 1865.

Major General C. C. AUGUR,

Commanding:

I have sent 6,000 infantry to you under General Dwight, and a brigade of cavalry ot about five regiments under General Chapman. The head of the infantry should reach you about 12 o'clock to-point. The transportation of both commands follow, and it is ample for expeditions. Three small regiments of the division of infantry are detached-one at Havre de Grace, one at Fort Felaware, and one here; the latter will soon be relieved.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

WINCHESTER, April 20, 1865.

(Received 5.15 p. m.)

Major-General AUGUR:

Major-General Hancock directs me to say that the truce with Mosby ended at noon to-day. He did not surrender. I believed his command will disperse, but it will be well to be on the watch for him.

W. G. MITCHELL,

Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

(Same to General Stevenson, Wallace, Egan, and Brooke.)
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 20, 1865.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Defers, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Major-General Hancock directs me to say that Colonel Mosby was met in person at Millwood to-day at 12 m., when the truce ended with him. He stated,and it appears to be true, from the corroboration

