
roboration of Confederate officers and soldiers who have surrendered, and citizens, that his command has disbanded with the exception of a few officers and soldiers. The Confederate officers and soldiers and the citizens are hostile to him. General Hancock will bunt him up if he is in Loundoun Valley. The works band of guerrillas in Loundon County (Mobberly's) have all been killed or surrendered.

Respectfully,

W. G. MITCHELL,

Brevet Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

LEONARDTOWN, MD., April 20, 1865.

(Received 9.20 a. m.)

Bvt. Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

Just reached here with one company; the other took different roads from vicinity of Port Tobacco. One struck the Patuxent at Benedict; will follow up that river. One will scour the country down the Potomac, along the Wicomico River and vicinity. All will be here to-day. Feel quite certain this last company will be in vicinity to assist a squad of infantry sent from here last night, by order of General Hardie to seize the schooner Breeze, expected at Allan's Fresh last night. Major O'Beirne thinks Montgomery Country should be searched for George A. Atzerodt. Boat with supplies has not arrived. Good wharf here. Boat reach here by coming up Britton's Bay.

Respectfully,

JNO. M. WAITE,

Major, &amp;c.

LEONARDTOWN, MD., April 20, 1865.

(Received 8.25 p. m.)

Bvt. Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff:

The reported fight between General Barnes' cavalry and a force of guerrillas was all a humbug. The officer who made the report should be dismissed. There is work to do here, and now that the battalion is here I think they can be profitably employed for a time. Parties Eighth Illinois all in; they of out to-night. Schooner Lydia not in Patuxent. Three blockade-runners brought in to-day, and number of boats destroyed along Wicomino River.

J. M. WAITE,

Major, &c.

POINT LOOKOUT, April 20, 1865.,

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department:

Will you inform me what change has been made in my district. I have a telegraphic dispatch from an officer there stating he has taken command, and will send my troops back if I wish them.

JAS. BARNES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

