
Major T. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Authority to accept surrender of rebels received. Colonel Hounshell says his command is about 400, but states that there are other commands beyond, and small parties near Lewinsburg, from all their armies that will surrender on same terms. He further states that Echols has disbanded his command and gone himself to Johnston, and that he (Colonel H.) is the ranking officer in my front. I propose sending two staff officers with an ascot of 100 men to Lewisburg to receive surrender of all the above approved?

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding First Separate Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C.,Charleston, W. Va., April 20, 1865.

Captain J. M/. RIFE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Loup Creek, W. Va.:

Post yourself up as thoroughly as possible. If necessary you can let Colonel Hounshell and others go home and collect their men and make arrangements. You can inform them that all can be paroled-Thurmond, Witcher, and everybody. This is by order received to-day from General Grant. All whose former homes were in the States that never passed the ordinance of secession have forfeited their homes and can only return under the amnesty proclamation by taking the oath of allegiance. Maryland, Kentucky, Delaware, and Missouri are such States. Men can return to West Virginia on parole. You will go to Lewisburg, if necessary, but not until you receive further orders. Make me any suggestions newly acquired information may dictate and communicate freely.

JOHN H. OLEY,

Colonel, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, April 20, 1865.

Major-General WALLACE,

Baltimore, Md.:

It was no part of the agreement that we were to transport or feed paroled prisoners. By the terms of the surrender they were allowed to return to their homes, I ordered that their paroles should be a pass to go through our lines when it was necessary to do so to reach their homes, and that then they traveled on roads, or boats run exclusively by Government no fare would be collected. I did not calculate that men from North Carolina, South Carolina, South Carolina, and Georgia would expect to go home by way of New York. We furnish no transportation over private roads and those prisoners who have not homes in Maryland need not be allowed to remain, but may be arrested if they attempt to do so.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

