
PHILADELPHIA, PA., April 20, 1865.

(Received 11.10 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram of the 19th instant announcing that it has been finally concluded to conform to the original arrangements for the conveyance of the President Abraham Lincoln has just been received.

GEO. CADWALADER,

Major-General, Commanding.

NEW YORK, April 20, 1865.

(Received 7.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Governor Fenton is just leaving for Albany. As I understand the arrangement for the conveyance of the President's remains, they will be here on Monday. I am to meet them on their entry within the lines of this department and escort them to Buffalo, keeping guard over them while they are within my command, and that the ceremonies and public honors to be paid to them will be in conformity to the directions of the executive of the State. Will a military escort accompany the remains from Washington and continue in charge of them under your orders, or am I to provide one while the remains are within this department?

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 20, 1865-11 p. m.

Major-General DIX,

New York:

A small escort of honor, consisting of minie general officers, a captain, and twenty-five privates accompany the remains from Washington to Springfield, but while at New York, Albany, and Buffalo a longer escort should be provided by you. The number of troops, &amp;c., to be assigned for that duty is left to your discretion.

EDWIN M. STANTON.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 21, 1865.

Brigadier General, JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff, Armies of the United States,

Headquarters General Grant, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend to the lieutenant-general that instructions may be given to the generals of departments to confine the labor in temporary field works to such as can be performed by the troops; to avoid all further expenditure int eh employment of hired operatives and purchase of material, and to collect and preserve all tools and property appertaining to the engineer service, to the end that they be held for sale or transportation to depots hereafter to be designated, or held ready for immediate use when required; also the same

