
instructions in relation to siege material and bridge trains. The chief engineer has caused property and funds to be forwarded to the engineer officers assigned to duty under the generals commanding in the field, which commanders are the judges of the necessity and expediency of constructing the works of offense and defense, as occasion may require. Hence, the chief engineer cannot with propriety interfere in suspending any of the works in progress, and therefore suggest that the lieutenant-general call the attention of the commanders in such localities as he may see fit to the subject now presented. In every department attention may probably be given at once to the collection of tools, property, and instruments, and great saving of treasure effected by early attention to this subject. It is also recommended that the department commanders require their engineer officers to keep on hand a specified supply of tools, &amp;c., to meet any emergency, forwarding the residue to depots.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICH'D DELAFIELD,

Brigadier-General and Chief Engineer, U. S. Army.

CITY POINT, VA., April 21, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The Second Brigade of the First Division, Ninth Corps, has embarked. It is probable the Third Brigade will be embarked before night and the First Brigade to-morrow. I am told that General Meade has ordered six batteries and the wagon trains to accompany the corps. Is it the wish of the lieutenant-general that the wagons shall be sent now?

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

CITY POINT, VA., April 21, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Staff of Lieutenant-General Grant,

Washington, D. C.:

Our mail and other boats are detained off Point Lookout each day from ten top fifteen hours. I reported the matter to General Meigs some days ago. The inspection is delayed entirely too long by the officers at Point Lookout or those of the Navy. Cannot the examination be more prompt? It might be made by a special guard in the Chesapeake, or at Fortress Monroe, Vas.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 21, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, War Department:

In the New York Herald of April 18 I find General Orders, Numbers 69. I am embarrassed in determining whether to act upon that or to await

