
receipt of official copy. Which shall I do? I am not yet in receipt of the order directing salute in hour of Lee's surrender. Weeks frequently elapse between date of general orders and their receipt here.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 21, 1865.

LEWIS E. HARVIE,

Danville:

SIR: Your inquiries through Mr. Dunn were by med referred to Washington, and I am instructed to say to you:

That the policy to be pursued railroad companies south of the James River has not been decided upon. When the authority of the General Government is acknowledged the policy will go as for toward free trade between the States and rights of loyal citizens to control their property, railroads and all, as may be consistent with remains of the rebellion. The roads will never be allowed to resume operations under disloyal officers, nor in the interest of disloyal stockholders. It behooves all who wish to resume business under the old flag to renew their allegiance to it under the President's amnesty proclamation without delay.

Respectfully, yours,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 21, 1865.

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade:

The major-general commanding directs that you send with Major-General Gibbon, commanding Twenty-fourth Corps, such bridge material as he may require for to-night. With the bridge you will send a sufficient guard to convey the bridge on its return from the Appomattox River after having been used at that point by Major-General Gibbon.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff

General Gibbon will start at 5 a. m., and is notified to require of you the bridge material.

A. S. W.

Colonel G. D. RUGGLES:

The following report the officer commanding regiment at Farmville has just been received:

Colonel WHITTER:

Lieutenant-Colonel Barker, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Regiment, moved out of this place this morning without truing over to me any instructions whatever. I have encamped my regiment near the hospital adjoining the town. I think it necessary

