
that authority be given same person to grant paroles to the straggles from the enemy, as several have applied to me. If authority be granted to parole prisoners please send instructions as to form of parole. Shall the mayor exercise civil authority where it does not conflict with the military? There are from 1,000 to 1,500 hogsheads of tobacco stored at this place, the [property of private individuals. What disposition shall I make of it?

M. M. CANNON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Please telegraph me as to instructions to be given as to paroling and the other matters inquired about.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 21, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER SECOND CORPS:

Direct the commanding officer at Farmville to appoint a provost-marshal for the town, who shall give paroles to the stragglers from the enemy. The provost-marshal-general has not the form. That given to General Lee's army will be at once procured from the Twenty-fourth Corps and forwarded to you telegraph. The mayor of the town is to exercise civil where it does not conflict with the military. In regard to the tobacco, the commanding general has no instructions to give other than that the commanding officer at Farmville shall not allow it to be removed. Please acknowledge receipt of this.

By command of Major-General Meade:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 21, 1865-9.50 p. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER SECOND CORPS:

I send you by special messenger a few copies of the parole given to the troops of General Lee's army. General Meade thinks the form is better than that furnished by the provost-marshal-general and sent you by telegraph this evening.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 21, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: In compliance with the call from the headquarters of the army for the recommendations for promotion I am prepared to make, I transmit here went the lists* sent me by the division and artillery

---------------

* See Barlow to Whittier, April 20, p.855; De Trobriand to Whittier, April 20, p. 860; and Hazard to Whittier, April 20 p. 862. The list furnished by General Miles for the First Division, a found on the files of the War Department, being incomplete, is therefore, omitted. For the list of the Third Brigade, First Division, see MacDougall to Brown, April 19, p. 833.

---------------

