
commanders with my indorsement and recommendation thereon. It may be that in omitting to approve some of the recommendations contained therein I have done an injustice to the officers named. I have further to recommend the following promotions: First, Brigadier and Bvt. Major General Nelson A. Miles, U. S. Volunteers, commanding First Division, to be major-general of volunteers, to rank from the 9th of April, if there is a vacancy; second, Brigadier gen. R. de Trobriand, U. S. Volunteers, commanding Third Division, to be major-general of volunteers by brevet, 9th af April, for highly meritorious services during the campaign; third, Lieutenant-Colonel Hazard, First Rhode Island Artillery, chief of artillery and commanding Artillery Brigade, to be colonel by brevet, 9th of April, of highly meritorious service during the campaign; fourth Lieutenant Colonel John William, Eight New Jersey, acting assistant inspector-general, to be colonel by brevet, 9th of April, for highly valuable and meritorious services during the campaign; fifth, Lieutenant Colonel C. A. Whittier, assistant adjutant-general, to be colonel by brevet, 9th of April, for highly valuable and meritorious services during the campaign; sixth, Major T. L. Livermore, Fifth New Hampshire, inspector-general's department, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, 7th of April. As in making these recommendations I have selected a few of the officers who have been most prominent, should it be intended to make the promotion more general and to take into consideration service rendered before the campaign that just closed, I shall wish to add other names to the list.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 31, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General.

Approved.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel M. M. CANNON,

Commanding Fortieth New York Volunteers, Farmville, Va.:

By instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac, you will appoint a provost-marshal for the town of Farmville, who shall give patrols to stragglers from the enemy. The form of parole given to Lee's army be sent you as soon as it can be procured. The major of the town is to exercise civil authority where it does not conflict with the military. In regard to the tobacco, no instructions are now given except that you do not allow it to be removed. Acknowledge receipt of this,

By command of Major-General Humphreys:

C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

