HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel M. M. CANNON,

Commanding Fortieth New York Volunteers, Farmville, Va.:

The following is form of parole to be used in paroling prisoners from the enemy:

We, the undersigned, do solemnly swear by our sacred parole of honor that we will not take up arms against the United States, or act in any military capacity whatever, nor disclose to any of the enemies of the United States any intelligence, either military or civil, that we may obtain while within the lines of the armies of the United States until regularly exchanged. So help up God.

C. A. WHITTIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PETERSBURG, April 21, 1865.

Bvt. Major gen. CHARLES GRIFFIN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The cavalry headquarters are in the city Petersburg.,

F. C. NEWHALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 7. April 21, 1865.

Instead of the picket-line as already established a line of outposts will be extended, reaching from the Sooth Side Railroad to the Danville railroad,at a distance of from one to two miles from the present camps, and connecting at the latter point with a similar line of the Second Army Corps. No officers or soldiers except general and staff officers and orderlies, when on duty, nor any other persons connected with the corps, will be allowed to pass this line without written permikssion from army, corps, or division commanders. The corps officer of the day will establish this line and arranger patrols between the posts, so as in the best manner to prevent the crossing of the line by unauthorized persons. Division commanders will establish such camp guards as may be necessary to keep their men within the proper limits, and prevent them from roaming unauthorizely over the country.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Burkesville, Va., April 21, 1865.

Brigadier General THOMAS T. MUNFORD,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 17th instant to Brigadier-General Mackenzie has been referred to me as the senior officer of the commission appointed by Lieutenant-General Grant to arrange the terms of surrender of General Lee's army. In reply I have the honor to state that by the agreement entered into by the officers appointed on

