
each side it is provided "That the surrender of the Army of Norther Virginia shall be constructed to include all the force operating with that army on the 8th instant," except such bodies of cavalry as actually made their escape previous to the surrender." The question, therefore as to the actual escape of your command is left to your decision.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers.,

P. S. - A printed copy of the agreement in regard to the surrender is inclosed.*

MEMORANDUM. HDQRS., TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,

ORDERS, In the Field, Va., April 21, 1865.

The troops of this command will be prepared to march to at 5 a. m. to-morrow. They will be provided with four days' subsistence and forage. The following will be the order of march.

I Meckenzie's cavalry, followed by Elder's battery, will march at 5 a. m. The corps headquarters train will follow next in succession.

2. Foster's division, followed by Anthony's battery, will move at 5.30 a. m.

3. Turner's division, followed by Muhlenberg's battery, will move at 6 a. m.

The command will take the Alemia Court-House road to Richmond.

* * * * *

By command of Major gen. John Gibbon:

EDWARD MOALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FOURTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., April 21, 1865.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I am ordered to march to Richmond, and leave at 5 in the morning. It is possible that the bridges over the Appomattox may be down on the Ameli Court-House road. Can you furnish me a small bridge train to accompany my column?

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General, Commanding.

LYNCHBURG, April 21, 1865.

Brigadier General N. M. SUTRIS,

Chief of Staff:

Send me a regiment of infantry-a strong one. I do not apprehend any danger, but all Munford's men are in the neighborhood unparoled and i possession of their arms. My total strength is 751 men; the detachments will reduce the command at this place to less than 500

---------------

* See p. 685.

56 R R-VOL XLVI, PT. III

---------------

