
men. Many paroled prisoners arrive her without subsistence, who are still a long distance from their homes. Shall I issue rations to them and furnish transportation? The vicinity is quiet; the inhabitants well disposed. A most excellent state of feeling exists in this city amongst prominent men. The mayor and most of the members of the city council have taken the oath. Generals Munford and Sorrel were paroled yesterday. No absolute destination prevails. Farmers are planting corn. Negroes quiet and disposed to be industrious.

Forward copies of orders from War Department for 1865.

J. IRVIN GREGG,

Brevet Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

OFFICE OF RELIEF COMMISSION,

Richmond, April 21, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel EDWARD W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that, having been verbally ordered by Lieutenant-General Grant to report temporarily to Major General Ord, commanding Department of Virginia, I was assigned to duty on the 13th day of April, 1865 as president of the Relief Commission of Richmond. The Government had already been issuing rations to the straying poor of Richmond, and I was directed to continue the issue of rations tickets to all in the city who were destitute. The method of distribution was as follows: The city was divided into thirty districts, to each of which two visitors were assigned. These visitors were persons of character and respectability, many of them having also had long experience in distributing charity to the poor of the city. Each visitor personally inspected his district, visiting every house and making lists of all who required food. Tickets were issued according to the lists, one ration being allowed to each grown person, and half a ration apiece to children and servants. During the great pressure of the issued few days after the capture of the city rations for seven days were issued in cases where is seemed likely they would be required. After this first issue, which was being made when I was detailed as president of the commission, rations for three days only were issued, under my orders. There have been four commissaries engaged in the issued. The total number of rations issued since the capture of the city is 128, 132. These were distributed to 29,118 persons, but doubtless a great portion of these have received twice, so that probably about 15,000 persons have been relied. Of these, 500 were paroled Confederate soldiers. Besides this issue of provisions, arrangements were made with the quartermaster's department for the seizure of a lot of coal, 4,000 bushels or more, belonging to the late rebel authorities, and of wood that had been cut for the same authorities, and the issue of the same on my order to the poor. No distinction of color or political opinion was recognized in these distributions. Arrangements have also been made, but not perfected, with the Christian and Union Commissions to finish supplies of a more delicate nature than the ordinary ration to such as should be certified by visitors of the commission as being either sick or delicate.

It was considered desirable that there should be an accord between the Relief Commission and the charitable societies of the North, as otherwise supplies would in many instances be furnished by both parties to the same applicants. Two classes of ration tickets have been issued by

