
my order. The first, to the large majority of applicants, entitled the bearer to pork of fish and corn meal; the second, to meat and flour, sugar and tea. This arrangement has only been in operation for a day or two. The immense demand suggested its propriety, reducing, as it does, the expenses of the Government and the labors of the issuing commissaries. The paroled Confederate prisoners in Richmond, officers and soldiers, received the destitute ration from the commission, by direction of the major-general commanding. With but few exceptions rations for one day only were issued in such instances, the issues being renewed when necessary. Great difficulty was experienced in preventing impositions on the Government. Arrangements were made with the quartermaster's department to furnish labor, food, and shelter to all colored men, and these were thereafter excluded from receiving supplies from the commission. Their families were, however, still entitled to ration tickets. Sewing for 300 women was also supplies by the quartermaster's department, and these women are, of course, not to be rationed. The arrangements in regard to them only went into operation on the 21st instant.

The medical department has furnished necessary medicines for the poor, and two large Confederate hospitals, the Chimborazo and the Winder, are now nearly ready to be placed at the disposition of the commissions, to furnish shelter for such of the poor as cannot find it elsewhere. The provost-marshal's department has given orders for the policing and guard of these hospitals when turned over by the medical department. The great necessity existing for a provisions of employment for the destitute has been repeatedly urged on the major-general commanding, who, it is believed, fully appreciates the circumstances and at this time is endeavoring to perfect a plan for supplying work to the poor, boat in town and country, so that the free issue of rations may cease, the Government be relieved of so great and imperious a charge, and the danger of creating a class of idle and improvident population be avoided. In furtherance of this fisheries in James River have been thrown open and the country people invited to bring market wares to town. Shop keepers and business folk were also informed that they could prosecute their usual occupations without molestation. Every effort has been made to reduce the number of issues by the commission, and at the same time relieve the necessities of all who were absolutely destitute. The number of rations issued during the last six days is about half that issued in the six days preceding. A subordinate commission was established in Manchester, consisting of the trustees of the town, with Captain Lawrence F. Larkin, aide-de-camp, as president, reporting to me and working under a similar system to that established in Richmond. An issuing commissary was also appointed for Manchester. It is estimated that nearly one-third of the entire population of Richmond has received supplies on the tickets issued by this commission since the capture of the city by the national forces. This includes many persons formerly in good circumstances, and not a few who have been considered absolutely wealthy, but whom the events of the war have reduced to the alternative of starvation or acceptance of the charities of the very Government they had striven to overturn.

The gentleman who have performed the arduous labors of visiting the destitute have been zealous and public spirited, and have manifested every desire not only to relieve the cenessities of their townsmen, but to guard the Government against imposition and fraud. Their labors have been entirely without remuneration, except the satisfaction

