
Rathbone of the New York National Guards at the former city, and with the general in command of the national guards at the latter, both of whom have already received the necessary instructions from the governor of the State.

By command of Major-General Dix:

D. T. VAN BUREN,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 21, 1865.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

A. A. G., Guard of Honor to remains of the late President;

The following telegram from Cincinnati has been received and is forwarded for your consideration and action, viz:

I require a guard of 100 men to guard and escort the remains of our late President while the train is in transit through this department. The train to convey the remains consists of but nine cars. I have felt some apprehension respecting the transportation of this number. Can you tell me hove this will be at the points which the remains are to be received with public and ceremonies? A much larger force will be required, but this I will able to provide for at these points as soon as I have been furnished with a programme of the manner on which it is proposed to give expression to the public feeling.

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 22, 1865.

(Received 12.10 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

It is stated here by respectable parties that the amount of specie taken South by Jeff. Davis and his partisans is very large, including not only the plunder of the Richmond banks, but previous accumulations. They hope, it is said, to make terms with General Sherman or some other Southern commander by which they will be permitted with their efforts, including this gold plunder, to go to Mexico or Europe. Johnston's negotiations look to this end. Would it not be well to put Sherman and all other commanding generals on their guard in this respect.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, April 22, 1865-2.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your telegram of this morning indicates that Sherman's agreement with Johnston was not known to you. His action is disapproved, and he is ordered to resume hostilities immediately, as his order to Stoneman will allow Jeff. Davis to escape with his plunder. I will write you the details.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

