
need the bridge on your return you can telegraph for it to meet you. It is impossible to forage the train at the distance it would be from this depot.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

PETERSBURG, April 22, 1865-11.30 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps:

If you can move to-morrow morning do so, and move on the road along the Weldon road parallel to it, and continue your movement to danville. The cavalry will move from here on Monday morning via the Boydton road, and will join you at danville or at some point on the railroad north to Dan River. If you can conveniently increase the small rations to sixteen days do so. I will accompany the cavalry column until we form a junction. Should you get to Danville before the cavalry does remain there until the junction is formed. Acknowledge receipt by telegram.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,April 22, 1865.

The corps will move at daylight to-morrow morning in the direction of Danville in the following order: First, First Division, with one battery; Second Division; third, Artillery Brigade; fourth, Third Division, with one battery.

Headquarters trains will follow the divisions to which they belong. Corps headquarters trains will precede that of the First Division. The commanding officer of the Artillery Brigade will designate the batteries to accompany the First and Third Divisions. The commanding officer of the Third Division will furnish a sufficient guard to protect the trains. Twelve days' subsistence, four days to be carried on the persons of the troops, and eight days to be carried in the wagons, will be drawn to-night.

Fifty rounds of ammunition per man will be issued to the troops, and sixty rounds per man will be carried in the wagons, the amount necessary to supply deficiencies being drawn from the Second Corps train. Eight days' forage, if it can be procured, will also be carried in the wagons. An officer will be sent to the First Division to indicate the route to be taken. The troops will as far as practicable give the roads to the artillery and trains.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, April 22, 1865-7 p. m.

Colonel VAN BUREN,

Willard's, Washington:

All First Division but Twenty-seventh Michigan and One hundredth Pennsylvania shipped. General Parke left at 2 o'clock. Transportation of division turned over.

L. H. PEIRCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief Quartermaster Ninth Corps.

