
[Indorsement.]

Will Major Eckert please have the foregoing dispatch sent to General Grant at Fort Monroe, and instruct the operator at that place to see that it is delivered to the general on his arrival at Old Point?

General Grant left here last on the steamer Keyport.

Respectfully,

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Have sent the above as directed.

THOS. T. ECKERT,

Major, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., April 22, 1865-7 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

In the Field:

You will move with your cavalry immediately on Greensborough, N. C. You will then act as circumstances may seem to require, unless you receive instructions from General Grant, who is on his way to Raleigh. General Meady has been directed to place an infantry corps under your direction. It is said here that there is a large amount of specie on the road between here and Charlotte. It is supposed to have been taken at different points from the railroad and to be in wagons. The railroad employes are said to know all about this, and will tell if forced to do so. While pushing south with all possible dispatch look to these things.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Petersburg, Va., April 22, 1865-9.35 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

If I move the cavalry from this place on the morning of the 25th will that meet your expectations? i can, by forcing, move on Monday, the 24th, but would like to have till the morning of the 25th. Please direct that the corps which is to come from General Meade be directed to report to me by telegraph at once so that I may give the proper directions about supplies. I think that the infantry cannot be gotten off before the 25th.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

CAVALRY, VA., April 22, 1865-11.30 p. m.

Major gen. H. W. HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

The Sixth Army Corps has reported to me and will march from Burke's Station to-morrow morning for Danville. I will probably move on Monday morning with the cavalry and will join the Sixth Corps at some point on the railroad north of Danville.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

