HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., April 22, 1865.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding, Richmond:

GENERAL: All books, printed documents, maps, manuscripts, &amp;c., found in any public office here, or belonging to Confederate or State authorities, will be carefully preserved. One no consideration will any person be permitted to appropriate or remove them. As soon as rooms can be prepared they will be collected together and inventoried. Colonel R. D. Cutts, who will soon arrive, will be placed in charge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 22, 1865.

(Received 12 m.)

General J. A. HARDIE:

Ask U. H. Painter, correspondent of the Philadelphia Inquirer, to give you the name of his authority for incorrect statement which he reports in the Inquirer of the 19th, as to privileges and behavior of rebel officers here. Ask him to state that orders here prohibit rebel officers wearing pistols or side arms, require them to board at separate holes from our officers, and to leave town within a limited time, and none are admitted on parole accept generals and their staffs; that the behavior of all rebel officers is orderly and inoffensive. As General Lee received no visits of reporters, and does not appear on the streets, I presume the statement of his opinions came from his servants. The orders quoted above were issued by me, and were in force when I arrived. I found Pollard paroled; gave him a pass to go abroad, and he has gone.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

PETERSBURG, April 22, 1865.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Armies of the U. S.:

COLONEL: I beg leave to forward a copy of a communication addressed to Headquarters Armies of the United States on the 9th instant* with the request to be allowed to publish the same. This will relieve me and my friends from an unpleasant relation to the public; will answer many letters daily received, and will prevent my silence being an injury to me. I can then patiently await the investigation that I do not doubt will i due time be accorded to me.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 22, 1865.

Major-General HARTSUFF:

On account of the excited state of the public mind and danger to paroled prisoners going North all passes to the North for such are for the present suspended, and they are advised to make their way home,

---------------

* See p. 679.

---------------

