
it their homes are south of Richmond, through the country. Of all such paroled prisoners, mechanics who take the oath of allegiance can, with their families, if they desire to get work, be sent to New York, Philadelphia, or Boston.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., April 22, 1865-1 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Winchester:

You will immediately establish your division headquarters at Washington until further orders, in the building lately occupied by General Halleck, if in your judgment the service will not be prejudiced thereby, and your duties equally as well performed here. Answer by telegraph.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Winchester, Va., April 22, 1865.

(Received 12 m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have no doubt that the headquarters of the Middle Military Division can very properly be transferred to Washington at this time. I can arrange matters satisfactorily here so that everything will work well enough, and will immediately transfer the headquarters of the division to Washington. My knowledge of this country will enable me to control all matters here from Washington.

WINF'D S. HALLECK,

Major-General Commanding.

WINCHESTER, VA., April 22, 1865.

(Received 9.15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Nearly all of Mosby's command has surrendered, including nearly or quite all of the officers except Mosby himself, who has probably fled. His next in rank, Lieutenant-Colonel Chapman, surrendered with the command. He is as important as Mosby, and from conversation had with him I think he will be valuable to the Government hereafter. Some of Mosby's own men are in pursuit of him for a reward of $2,000 offered by me. As near as I can tell about 380 of Mosby's men are paroled. Colonel Reno has paroled about 1,200 or 1,500 men at New Market, and has sent down for more blanks. I leave here for Washington City to-morrow morning.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

57 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

