
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Numbers 44. Winchester, Va., April 22, 1865.

I. The headquarters of the Middle Military Division are hereby transferred to Washington, D. C., corner of F and Seventeenth streets. The following-named officers will report for duty there: Bvt. Brigadier General C. H. Morgan, chief of staff; Lieutenant Colonel Duncan s. Walker, assistant adjutant-general; Major E. B. Parsons, assistant adjutant-general.

II. The senior officer present, Bvt. Major General A. T. A. Torbert, chief of cavalry, Middle Military Division, will assume command of the troops composing the Army of the Shenandoah. The staff of the Middle Military Division, which exception of those named above, will report to him for duty.

III. The senior officer present in the Department of West Virginia, Bvt. Major General W. H. Emory, will assume command temporarily of that department, headquarters at Cumberland, Md.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Numbers 45. Winchester, Va., April 22, 1865.

The commanding general of the corps, department, and separate armies in this command are authorized to grant leaves of absence to officers and furloughs to enlisted men under the following regulations:

I. That in no case will the number of officers allowed to be absent exceed for a regiment one field officer, one staff officer, and two line officers.

II. Furloughs granted to enlisted men shall not exceed in number at one time two to every hundred men present, and those only to men who have faithfully performed their duties.

III. Not more than one officer will be absent on leave from a battery at one time.

IV. Not more then one brigade commander will be allowed to be absent from a division at one time.

V. Not more than one division commander will be absent from a corps or department or separate army consisting of one corps or less at one time.

VI. Leaves or furloughs not to exceed twenty days.

VIII. Leaves to staff officers other than aides and regimental staff will only be granted on the recommendation of the chiefs of staff, departments or the corps department, or army headquarters as the case may be.

VIII. The commanding general permitting so large a proportion of absences must hold to strict accountability every officer and man that he returns to his command promptly at the expiration of his under this order.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

DUNCAN S. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

