
HARRISBURG, April 22, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STATION:

We start at 11.15 by agreement of State authorities. It rained in torrents last night, which greatly inferred with the procession, but all is safe now.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PHILADELPHIA, April 22, 1865.

(Received 8.25 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

We have arrived here safely. Everything in good order.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUSTON-HOUSE, DISTRICT OF ERIE, COLLECTOR'S OFFICE,

Erie, Pa., April 22, 1865.

Honorable JOHN BROUGH:

DEAR SIR: I see by the printed programme that the remains of ex-President Lincoln will remain in Bufallo from 7 a. m. to 10 p. m., a period of 15 hours, when the train will leave for Cleveland, arriving there the next morning. By this arrangement the funeral train will pass through Erie at midnight. Our citizens having had the pleasure of a meeting with Mr. Lincoln when we was on his way to Washington, desire to pay his remain the tribute of honor and respect which they have felt for his as President, and desire to address you and ascertain whether by reducing the time at Buffalo a few hours they could not have the privilege of doing so. We feel as if it would be just to the citizens of this part of Pennsylvania to allow them the few hours that would enable them to pay their last respects to him, especially as such long detention will occur at Buffalo and cleveland, on both sides of our city and State. If it may be in your power to modify the time arranged between Buffalo and Cleveland, and which will not interfere with any other part of the route, please advise me by telegraph, and very much oblige,

Yours, very truly,

M. B. LOWRY,

State Senator, Erie and Crawford Counties.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 22, 1865.

Adjutant-General TERRELL,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

The Secretary of War directs that the funeral ceremonies in each State will be under direction of the governor. The body will lie in state in the Capitol on Sunday. I authorize you, General Stone, Major Lozier, and the State officers to confer wit the mayor and the citizens and arrange the programme. I will be there. Let the programme befit the great occasion and the character of the State.

O. P. MORTON.

