
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

April 23, 1865.

The corps will move at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning in the direction of Danville in the following order: First, Second Division, with one battery; second, Third Division; third Artillery Brigade; fourth First Division, with one battery; fifth, ambulances and trains.

Headquarters' trains will follow the divisions to which they belong. Corps headquarters; train will precede that of the Second Division. The commanding officer of the Artillery Brigade will designate the batteries to accompany the Second and First Divisions. The commanding officer of the First Division will furnish a sufficient guard to protect the trains. All the troops will as far as practicable give the roads to the artillery and trains, the troops taking the right hand side of the road. By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTESLEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., April 23, 1865 - 9 p. m.

Colonel J. L. VAN BUREN,

Willard's Hotel:

I leave this p. m. with General Hartranft. One brigade of his and three batteries will be shipped to-night. All of the Second Division will reach here by to-morrow noon. Large steamers are expected here to-morrow sufficient to ship balance of corps. The One hundredth Pennsylvania is shipped. Major Hiestand is left in charge. General Bartlett has arrived.

L. H. PIERCE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c., Quartermaster Ninth Corps.

CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Petersburg, Va., April 23, 1865 - 5 p. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

The Sixth Corps marched from Burkeville this morning with eight days' rations in the wagons. The cavalry will march from here to-morrow morning (24th), moving via Boydton, and will form a junction with the Sixth Corps near the junction of the Staunton and Dan Rivers. They will take with them five days' full rations on the persons of the men and fifteen of coffee, sugar, and salt in wagons.

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 23, 1865 - 7 p. m.

Major-General SHERIDAN,

Petersburg:

Pay no attention to the Sherman and Johnston truce. It has been disapproved by the President. Try to cut off Jeff. Davis' specie. Samuel Ruth, William E. Day, and Thomas Dodamead, and William Pedmont, of Danville railroad, are said to be worthy of your confidence.

H. W. HALLECK.

