
of time to make the trip. If you wish me to go via Long Bridge telegraph met Yorktown. By going via Jones' Bridge I can make two crossings and you need not move any troops or send any pontoon trans. The horses are being shod night and day. No transportation has been detained here; the boats have been loaded day and night and notification has been sent to General Ingalls of the boats leaving. I think they may have been detained by the storm, and General Ingalls did not get the telegrams on account of the wires being down.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, March 23, 1865.

Brigadier-General FORSYTH,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter just in from Richmond reports everything quiet there. Breadstuffs, &amp;c., have risen very much in price in the last few days. There is a small picket at New Castle and Cold Harbor, relieved from Richmond. The man belongs to the Richmond City Troop. He says Fitz Lee crossed to this side the James when we were in front of Richmond; does not know where he is now.

Very respectfully,

W. MERRITT,

Brevet Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 23, 1865-8.35 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Winchester:

I am very much gratified by your energy in organizing and administering the miliary affairs of your important command. Your dispatch* of this evening to General Halleck vindicates my judgment in assigning you to that position, and that you could not in any other render service so valuable and urgent to the Government. I would be glad to have a detailed report of the force and its location-a thing I have never before been able to procure. For what you have already done you have the thanks of this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, D. C., March 23, 1865-1.30 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Winchester, Va.:

Whole number of new regiments under orders for your debarment is twelve. If these will be sufficient for your purpose I shall

advise

---------------

*See p. 92

---------------

