
was of no use there, ordered him here with his men. Subsequently I relieved him from duty here and ordered him to report to General Barnes, at Point Lookout, as he assured me General Barnes only sent him here for temporary duty. I learned from Buckley himself that he did not see a single rebel. The man reported lost, Captain Willauner tells ne, fell from his force, but afterward came in. There may be now and then a rebel soldier in the country, but there is no armed band. Between 11 and 12 last night received communication from Colonel Wells from Bryantown. Rode there to-day with Captain Rigers and have just returned. I forward by boat, which takes Captain Rogers, 11 prisoners. Booth fractured a bone of his leg in jumping upon the stage, not by falling near Bryantown. Have not heard from party gone over the Patuxent River. A report has come in of a person dressed in women's clothes, believed to be a man and suspicioned of being Booth, having been seen near Great Mills, some twelve miles from here. Have sent party to investigate, although have had scout in that neighborhood every day since reaching here.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JNO. M. WAITE,

Major, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Falls Church, Va., April 23, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff, Department of Washington:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I sent the Fourteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry, Colonel Schoonmaker commanding, to report to Brevet Brigadier-General Gamble at Fairfax Court-House, instead of the Third Massachusetts Cavalry, as I first reported, in order more fully to comply with requirements. This, however, breaks up the brigade organization of the First Brigade of the division, commanded by Brevet Brigadier-General Tibbits (at present on sick leave), who is assigned to duty by proper authority, with his brevet rank.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. CHAPMAN,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, April 23, 1865 - 8.30 a. m.

(Received 9 a. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR:

Your two telegrams just received. The remaining battalion Eighth Illinois Cavalry are ordered in from Fairfax Station, Burke's Station, Annandale, and Falls Church to report to Lieutenant-Colonel Clendenin, who is ordered to Camp Casey with all the regimental property as directed in your telegram. I request authority to distribute what as directed in your telegram. I request authority to distribute what cavalry is left along the line for the purpose of communication. So long as any troops occupy this line I believe this to be necessary.

WM. GAMBLE,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

