
RICHMOND, VA., April 24, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I propose that the following order be issued:

By direction of the President of the United States it is ordered as follows: First. All restrictions in regard to domestic commerce and trade, except as to articles contraband of war with the State of Virginia as insurgent territory, are hereby revoked in respect to the ports and counties of that State which have duly submitted to the authority or are in the military possession of the United States. Second. All restrictions upon travel to and from the ports of Virginia here in before mention are hereby suspended, so far as regards loyal citizens of the United States and those who have taken the prescribed oath under the amnesty proclamation of the President. Third. The commanding general of the Military Division of the James is authorized to make such excepting to the above articles as in his opinion circumstances may require.

By order of the Secretary of War.

I think the above would give great satisfaction, and afford immediate relief to Richmond and the surrounding country. I have had interviews with several prominent gentleman from the interior. They all say that the people are ready and anxious to return to the Union. They are very destitute of provisions, and unless they can be relieved many will resort to robbery. Most of them, however, can provide for themselves if trade is opened so that they can purchase provisions and seeds.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 24, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond:

I have received your proposed order. As to the first section, the articles contraband of war to be enumerated, as the present list includes many articles that need not be prohibited now. General Grant;'s recent order specifies the contraband of war which he deems necessary. I do not see that, as to trade, anything more is required. As to the second section, the construction of the amnesty oath is under consideration by the Attorney-General, and until decided this section should be postponed, and, at all events, for or three days, while the hunt for Booth is going on. The third section is right. The third section is right. The order recommended by Grant is subjoined.*

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, VA., April 24, 1865.

Brevet Major-General MEIGS,

Washington:

The rebel army having stripped the country of all horses and mules the farmers have no means of putting in crops. I suggest the propriety of selling here all condemned animals instead of sending them to Washington. The farmers can get money to pay for them by selling tobacco and market stuff. We must either feed the poor or help them feed themselves.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

