
RICHMOND, April 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General DYER,

Chief of Ordnance, Washington:

I think the Tredegar Works should be put in observation to repair all ordnance here before it is removed North, This will give employment to mechanics whose families we must otherwise feed to prevent starvation.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 24, 1865 - 9.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECk:

As soon as the Sixth Corps moved yesterday I sent a small construction party, with an escort of twenty mounted men and an operator, to put the telegraph line in order between this and the Staunton River. The operator reached this p. m., Clover Station, three miles beyond the Staunton River; there he found two rebel operators and the line working to Danville. He also found nine locomotives and some fifty cars. He took possession of the telegraph office, and I directed him to notify General Wright, who was then laying a bridge some three miles above the railroad crossing, to send a guard to take possession of the train and hold it till the arrival of Brigadier-General Benham with the Engineer Brigade, whom I have sent to rebuilt the railroad bridge. In the meantime a message was sent from Danville directing the train to return to-morrow at 5 a. m., to which I ordered no reply to be made. The accompanying message was then sent:

Have you any knowledge of any such armistice as is here referred to?

I have directed a reply to be sent to the effect that the party at Clover Station are acting under my orders.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

DANVILLE, April 24, 1865 - 12 midnight.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

As there are still a number of paroled officers and soldiers of General Lee's army on their way home west, and also officers and soldiers of Army of Tennessee on their way east, for the purpose of reaching their homes and submitting to the authority of the United States Government, I wish to keep the trains running between Danville and Clover, with your permission. No attempt will be made to destroy or remove the rolling stock, and the officers of the road are ready to renew their allegiance to the Government of the United States in good faith. Please let me know your determination. We are not now performing any transportation for the Confederate Government. There are no forces of that Government or any officers representing it nearer than Greensborough, forty-eight miles of this place.

THOS. DODAMEAD,

General Superintendent Richmond and Danville Railroad.

