
that all orders be sent to the James River, on account of less facilities for desertion. Have you a supply of cavalry horses, so that we can send all received here to General Sheridan? Please answer.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 23, 1865-4 p.m. (Received 6.30 p. m.)

Major-General HALLECK,Chief of Staff, Washington:

I do not understand exactly what you mean by the troops sent me being sufficient for my purpose. If I am simply to protect the railroad and remain on the defensive my force is very liberal. If I am to make a campaign the nature of it will determine the number of troops I ought to have . My idea is that there are too many troops here to have no definite offensive object in view, and I have been expecting some intimation of the object in concentrating them; whether I am to make a mobile army, or whether they are here as a reserve for instruction, it would be well for me to know as far as may be proper, because there is much to be done in the way of reorganizing commands, as intimated in my dispatch asking the status of the Nineteenth Corps. The Eighth Corps is also in question. I could in May move nearly 25,000 pretty good infantry and 3,000 or 4,000 cavalry, and still leave a liberal force in block-houses along the railroad and to look after such irregular cavalry as a movement would not drive up the Valley. There are inter Remount Camp here about 6,100 dismounted cavalry, mostly belonging to the divisions Sheridan took with him. He also took a brigade of West Virginia cavalry. I cannot answer your question concerning cavalry horses until I know what cavalry organizations are to remain here and what to remain with Sheridan. He has a good many men belonging to organizations still here. The hoof rot prevails among the horses to the extent of several hundred cases, which will affect the question of supply. The organized hundred cases, which will affect the question of supply. The organized cavalry actually with me will require several hundred horses; I am unable to say just how many at this moment. I have about 2,000 serviceable for duty in this army, nearly 3,000 in the western part of the State, and General Augur has a brigade. I to communicate my views more fully by mail.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, Numbers 34. Winchester, Va., March 23, 1865.

The following orders prescribing the means of transportation and camp and garrison equipage allowed for the armies of the Middle Military Division are published:

I. For the headquarters of the major-general commanding, such wagons, light spring carriages, saddle-horses, and camp equipage as may be deemed necessary by the commanding general.

II. For the headquarters of an army corps, three wagons for baggage, &amp;c., one two-horse spring wagon, four army wagons for subsistence, forage, &c., and ten extra saddle-horses for contingent wants.

