
to the language of the stipulation, I am of opinion that the rebel officers who surrendered to General have no homes within the loyal States, and have no right to come to places which were their homes prior to their going into the rebellion.

II. As to your second question: The stipulation of surrender made betwixt Generals Grant and Lee does not embrace any persons other than the officers and soldiers of General Lee's army. Persons in the civil service of the rebellion, or who had otherwise given it support, comfort, and aid, and were residents of the rebel territory, certainly have no right to return to Washington under that stipulation.

III. As to the third question: My answer to the first is a complete answer to this.

Rebel officers certainly have no right to be wearing their uniforms in any of the loyal States. It seems to me that such officers, having done wrong in coming into the loyal States, are but adding insult to injury in wearing their uniforms. They have as right to bear the traitors' flag through the streets of a loyal city as to wear a traitors' garb. The stipulation of surrender permits no such thing, and the wearing of such uniform is an act of hostile against the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES SPED,

Attorney General.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJT. General 'S OFFICE, Numbers 183. Washington, April 24, 1865.

* * * * * * *

55. Captain C. Mason Kinne, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report by letter to the commanding general Middle Military Division, and in person to the commanding officer Reserve Brigade, First Cavalry Division, Middle Military Division, for assignment to duty.

56. Captain Henry Gawthrop, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report in person, without deadly, to the commanding general Army of the Potomac, for assignment to duty with the Third Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

57. Captain Josiah Bankerd, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report in person, without delay, to the commanding general Army of the Potomac, for assignment to duty with the Second Brigade, Second Division, Fifth Army Corps.

* * * * * * *

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 24, 1865. (Received 10 a. m.)

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade:

The major-general commanding directs that you proceed immediately with your command (exclusive of the regular Engineer Battalion) to the crossing of the Danville railroad and Staunton River, taking with you such supplies as you can collect and carry. Arriving at that point you will take command of the pontoon train now detached with the Sixth Corps and will guard the bridge. You will at once use all the force available to collect the material necessary to rebuilt the bridge over Staunton River, in advance of the construction party now working toward that point.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

