HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 24, 1865.

Colonel LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: My line extends to Petersburg, the lower end guarded by patrols. The First Brigade is at Wilson's, the Second at Ford's, the Third at Sutherland's. Prisoners taken at Five Forks: First Brigade, 1,054 men, 6 captains, 11 lieutenants, 2 colonels; Second Brigade, 475 men; Third Brigade, 849 men, 3 captains, 5 lieutenants.

J. L. CHAMBERLAIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 24, 1865.

Bvt. Major W. W. SWAN, U. S. Army,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Fifth Corps:

MAJOR: In obedience to orders received from your headquarters, 21st instant, I have the honor to present the following names of officers of this brigade, whom I believe by their meritorious conduct in the recent campaign to be deserving of promotion by brevet:

Lieutenant Colonel D. T. Bennett, Seventh Maryland Volunteers, for excellent management of his command in maneuvering under fire and avoiding confusion under excitement even after he was wounded in the charge on the enemy's works at Five Forks on April 1, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel E. F. M. Faehtz, Eighth Maryland Volunteer Infantry, for his distinguished behavior as commander of his regiment, his cool, even cheerful, bravery and material bearing when most exposed to danger, splendidly exemplified in the charge on the enemy's works at Five Forks, April 1, 1865.

Major H. Adreon, Fourth Maryland Volunteers Infantry, for bravery and zeal in keeping connection of his wing on the right and on the left in evolution under fire, in the charge on the enemy's works at Five Forks, April 1, 1865. This officer has been mentioned for meritorious conduct in the engagement near Hatcher's Run in February last.

Major E. M. Mobley, Seventh Maryland Volunteer Infantry, had been mentioned for extraordinary merit in the engagement near Hatcher's Run in February last. During the recent campaign he was absent from legal causes, except on the 9th day of April, when he behaved bravely, as usual.

Captain W. L. Kenly, commissary of subsistence of brigade, for being present in the engagement of March 31, 1865, without compulsion, and acting nobly as aide-de-camp under fire.

Captain F. W. Simon, Eighth Maryland Volunteer Infantry, brigade inspector, wounded April 1, 1865, had been mentioned previously for gallantry in the fight near Dabney's Mills in February last.

Captain J. B. Cochran, Seventh Maryland Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, Second Brigade, for coolness and forethought under the trying loss, by wounds, of two brigade commanders in the engagements on March 31 and April 1, 1865.

Captain L. R. Cassard, Eighth Maryland Volunteers, acting brigade inspector, for promptness and energy when appointed suddenly to his, position under fire after Captain Simon's being wounded.

