
pickets in great confusion, when Colonel Pattee deployed his men, seized and held some rifle-pits, thereby checking the enemy's advance in that direction, and prevented him from turning the right flank. On the 1st of April, at the battle of Five Forks, Va., he displayed great courage and ability in the manner in which he commanded the first line of this brigade, composed of the Third, Fourth, and Eighth Delaware Volunteers and One hundred and ninety-first and One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, being constantly at the front, keeping his command well in hand and pushing the enemy with great vigor, capturing many prisoners, wagons, ambulances, and two guns. Also on the 9th of April, 1865, near Appomattox Court-House, Va., while in charge of the skirmish line of the Second Division, Fifth Corps, composed of the One hundred and ninetieth, One hundred and ninety-first, and One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, he attacked and scattered the enemy's skirmish line, and then drove a line of battle two positions, capturing a limber, and would have doubtless taken two guns with little support near, had not a flag of truce appeared in his front, which compelled him to order a halt.

Captain Richard M. Birkman, Company A, One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, displayed great bravery in the battle at Five Forks, Va. on the 1st of April, 1865, he being in command of the One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which was deployed as skirmishers in front of the brigade, extending to the right, after part of the skirmish line of the Third Division, Fifth Corps, had given way, and holding very important advanced positions until the arrival of the line of battle. Also on the 9th of April, 1865, near Appomattox Court-House, Va., where he did much by his example to encourage the men to push forward and drive the enemy's line of battle.

First Lieutenant and Adjt. Ernest Wright, One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for meritorious conduct in the battle of Five Forks, Va., on the 1st of April, 1865, pushing forward with the line of skirmishers, seizing and holding a very important position on the left flank of the enemy's line of battle, and holding it against their repeated attacks until the arrival of our main line.

Bvt. Ma. Daniel H. Kent, U. S. Volunteers, captain Company F, Fourth Delaware Volunteers, for distinguished bravery exhibited in the battle near Rowanty Creek, Va., on the 5th day of February, 1865, charging with his regiment a very strong position held by the enemy and swimming his horse across a deep creek,encouraging his men to follow, and receiving a very severe wound in the right arm just as the works were being carried, which has since prevented him from rejoining his command.

Bvt. Major Harlan Gause, U. S. Volunteers, captain Company I, Fourth Delaware Volunteers. Too much credit cannot be given this officers for his conduct in the actions of the 31st of March, 1865, at White Oak road, Va., and April 1 at Five Forks, Va., where he, by his own conspicuous courage and gallantry, encouraged the troops of this command to greater efforts and exerting himself to the utmost to preserve the morale of the men, not hesitating to expose his own person in the most dangerous and trying situations.

Bvt. Captain H. Gawthrop, U. S. Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, and first lieutenant of Company F, Fourth Delaware Volunteers, greatly distinguished himself in the battle of Five Forks, Va., on the 1st of April, 1865, rendering valuable services toward gaining a complete victory and receiving a severe wound at the close

