
of the afternoon, which compelled the ammunition of the right foot. As acting assistant-adjutant of this brigade he is deserving of great commendation for promptness and ability.

First Lieutenant and Adjt. William H. Cloward, Fourth Delaware Volunteers, for gallantry displayed in battle near White Oak road, Va., on 31st of March, 1865, where he greatly assisted in reforming our lines. Also in the battle of Five Forks, Va., on the 1st of April, 1865, being constantly at the front, doing much toward encouraging the men to push the enemy vigorously.

First Lieutenant Pierce Neals, Company D, Fourth Delaware Volunteers, brigade pioneer officer, is deserving of great praise for the energy displayed in rapidly bridging streams and swamps, thereby rendering very valuable services in enabling the command to form line of battle to meet the enemy. He exhibited conspicuous bravery in the battle near White Oak road, Va., on the 31st of March, 1865, in assisting to reform the line, and on the 1st of April, 1865, at the battle of Five Forks, Va., he was constantly at the front, greatly encouraging the men by my his example.

Captain Perez L. Norton, Company E, One hundred and ninety-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, was one of the first in reaching the enemy's works on the afternoon of the 1st of April, 1865, at the battle of Five Forks, Va., and captured eighteen men, including some officers, before the line of battle came up.

Captain D. D. Joseph, Company [C], Third Delaware Volunteers, and Captain B. F. Butler, Company [D], Third Delaware Volunteers, both displaying great courage in the battle of Five Forks, Va., April 1, 1865, rendering valuable assistance in keeping the men in line as they advanced through the thick timber to charge the enemy's entrenched line.

Captain John N. Richards, commanding Eighth Delaware Volunteers, exhibiting great bravery in the battle near White Oak road, Va., on the 31st of March, 1865, having a horse shot from under him at the opening of the engagement. Also at the battle of Five Forks, Va., where he commanded the Delaware battalion, composed of the Third, Fourth, and Eighth Delaware Volunteers, fighting it throughout the entire engagement in a very satisfactory manner.

Captain John W. Scott,* Company D, One hundred and fifty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, for conspicuous gallantry in the battle of Five Forks, Va., advancing with a portion of the command ahead of the main line, taking 300 prisoners and himself capturing a rebel flag.

Bvt. Captain Charles H. Hand, U. S. Volunteers, aide-de-camp, first lieutenant, One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, for the courage and bravery exhibited in conveying orders under very heavy fire from the enemy, and in assisting to reform the lines on the 31st of March, 1865, in the battle near White Oak road, Va. I cannot too highly recommend this officer for gallant and distinguished conduct in the battle of Five Forks, Va. He was everywhere encouraging the men to push forward.

Captain Henry H. Finley, commissary of subsistence of this brigade, for gallantry and bravery exhibited in the battle near White Oak road, Va., on the 31st of March, 1865, in assisting to reform the lines.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES GWYN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

---------------

* Awarded a Medal of Honor.

---------------

