
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 25, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

Careful scouting been enjoined in selecting these officers from this command for the distinction herein recommended. I am not sufficiently satisfied of the justice of the recommendation in the case of Captain Finley, commissary of subsistence, and cannot therefore approve it. In the case of Bvt. Colonel Joseph B. Pattee, lieutenant-colonel One hundred and ninetieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, I have already recommended him for the brevet of brigadier-general, for his good conduct under my own observation, particularly on the 9th instant.

R. B. AYRES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 30, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, approved.

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 31, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General, approved.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

LACKS AND WHITES, April 24, 1865.

Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

In response to your telegram I have the honor to report as follows:

From Nottaway Court-House to Blacks and Whites is a distance of six miles, five of which are guarded and patrolled by the Second Brigade of my division, number present for duty being 86 officers and 1,506 men. From Blacks and Whites to the Window Elizabeth Jones' is about three miles and a half from Baxter's left; to that point the road is protected by the First Brigade, Colonel Kellogg; number present for duty, 59 officers and 1,578 men, and this force protects the depot and station and patrols toward baxter's left. From Widow E. Jones' to Wilson's is about six miles. This part of the road is guarded and patrolled by the Third Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Coultere; present for duty, 86 officer and 2,011 men. Orders issued to pickets all roads coming from south; no patrol carefully before and after passing of trains. Troops of Third Brigade moving to the right to new position to-day.

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brevet Major-General.

59 R R - VOL XLVI, PT III

