
III. For the headquarters of a division, three wagons for baggage, forage, mess, &amp;c., one two-horse spring wagon, and five extra saddle-horses for contingent wants.

IV. For the headquarters of a brigade, two wagons for baggage, forage, subsistence, &c., one two-horse spring wagon, and two extra saddle-horse for contingencies.

V. For each battery of artillery, one wagon for baggage, tents, forage for private animals, &c.

VI. For each regiment of infantry, cavalry, or battalion of heavy artillery of 500 men, one wagon; more than 800 men, two wagons.

VII. For artillery and small ammunition, the number 12-pound guns multiplied by 122 and divided by 112, the number of riffled guns multiplied by 50 and divided by 140, will give the number of wagons allowed; the number of guns in horse batteries multiple by 100 and divided by 140. For every 1,000 men present, armed and equipped for duty, cavalry, infantry, and heavy artillery, for small-arm ammunition, three wagons.

VIII. General supply train: For each 1,000 men, cavalry, infantry, and heavy artillery, for subsistence, seven wagons, sufficient to carry eight days' supply. Forage for the teams must be carried in each wagon.

IX. For the cavalry corps: For each 1,000 cavalry horses, twelve wagons exclusively for grain. To each battery, for its proportion of subsistence, forage, &c., four wagons. For each horse battery, for the same purpose, four wagons. For each brigade of cavalry, infantry, or heavy artillery, not less than 1, 5090 men, for hospital supplies, three wagons; for every additional 1,000 men, one wagon. For each brigade of cavalry, infantry, or heavy artillery, for commissary sales to officers, one wagons. For each brigade of cavalry, infantry, or heavy artillery, for commissary sales to officers, one wagon. For ambulance train of each division, two wagons; less than a division (except batteries), one wagon. For each infantry corps, eight wagons for entrenching tools. For each division, for armorers' tools, parts of arms, extra arms, and accouterments, one wagon. Each wagon and ambulance will carry the necessary forage for this own animals. The until of organization for the supply train will be by division. Division quartermasters will be responsible for them. Brigade quartermasters will be responsible for brigade teams, and regimental quartermasters for regimental property.

X. Regiments or detachments, when on duty separate from their division, will apply to the division quartermaster for their proportionate amount of the supply train.

XI. If corps, division, or brigade commanders take their guard s and escorts from the commands already furnished with their allowance of transportation, their proportion of transportation will be taken with them.

XII. Officers of the quartermaster's department will attend in person to the drawing of necessary supplies, and will habitually accompany their trains on marches.

XIII. All transportation in excels of the allowance specified in this order will be immediately turned in to the department quartermaster.

XIV. Allowance of camp and garrison equipage as the commanding general may deem necessary.

XV. For headquarters of an army corps, division, or brigade, one wall-tents for commanding general; one wall-tent for each two officers of his staff. For the colonel, field and staff, of a full regiment, three wall-tents. For all other commissioned officers, one shelter-tents for

