HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 24, 1865 - 7.30 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Sixth Corps, Clover Hill:

Major-General Meade directs me to inform you that he has ordered Brigadier-General Benham, commanding Engineer Brigade, to go to Staunton River with his command to rebuilt the railroad bridge and to take charge of the of the pontoon bridge. Have you any information that will render it necessary for you to take the bridge beyond Staunton River? Please reply.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Clark's Ferry, Staunton River, April 24, 1865.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Unless the pontoon train now with is needed by the Army if the Potomac I would like to take it to Danville, as the river in that vicinity is not fordable, and the bridge over it, understood to be now standing, many be destroyed on our approach. Please telegraph me an answer to-night, as I shall cross the Staunton River at 6 a. m. to-morrow and shall take the bridge train with me unless I hear from you to the contrary. I think there will be no difficulty in regard to forage.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 24, 1865 - 9.45 p. m.,

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps, Clover Station:

General Meade directs me to inform you that our telegraph operators are some three miles beyond Clover Station and have possession of several locomotives and a train of cars. He directs that you leave a guard over this property until taken possession of by Brigadier-General Banham. The guard will relieved by this troops. He is notified.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.- i you can use this train do so. We understand that the road is full of rolling stock.

A. S. W.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTY CORPS,

April 24, 1865.

The corps will move at 6 o'clock to-morrow morning in the direction of Danville in the following order: First, Third Division, with one battery; second, First Division; third, Artillery Brigade; fourth, Second Division, with one battery; fifth, ambulances and trains; sixth, pontoon train. Headquarters trains will follow the divisions to which

