
they belong. Corps headquarters train will precede that of the Third Division. The commanding officer of the Artillery Brigade will designate the batteries to accompany the Second and Third Divisions. The commanding officer of the Second Division will furnish a sufficient guard to protect the trains. All the troops will, as far as practicable, give the road to the artillery and trains, the troops taking the right-hand side if the road.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS, Numbers 76. April 24, 1865.

I. The headquarters of this division are temporarily established in the city of Washington. All communications to the commanding general will be sent to the Ebbitt House, corner of F street and Pennsylvania avenue, or to the Adjutant-General's office, corner of Twenty-second and E streets.

* * * * * * *

By command of Bvt. Major General O. B. Willcox:

WM. V. RICHARDS,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

April 24, 1865.

No officer or man of this command will be permitted to wear gray clothes, except such as are authorized the major-general commanding and provided with a pass signed by him.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

F. C. NEWHALL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] CAVALRY HEADQUARTERS,

Near Nottoway River, April 25 [24?], 1865.

The command will continue its march on the Boydton plank road to-morrow at 6 a. m., and will go into camp to-morrow evening at a point which will be designated by a staff officer from these headquarters. The following will be the order of march: First, the command of Brevet Major-General Merritt; second, the command of Major-General Crook. Ambulances and headquarters wagons will be allowed to accompany the divisions. All other wagons will constitute the general train. General Crook will furnish the necessary escort for the protection of this train and will be held responsible for its safety.

By command of Major-General Sheridan:

G. A. FORSYTH,

Brevet Colonel and Acting Aide-de-Camp.

