
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 46. Richmond, Va., April 24, 1865.

The following-named officers are announced as constituting the staff of the Department of Virginia:

Brigadier General M. R. Patrick, provost-marshal-general; Brigadier General N. M. Curtis, chief of staff; Bvt. Brigadier General R. H. Jackson, assistant inspector-general; Bvt. Brigadier General P. S. Michie, chief engineer; Colonel George Suckley, medical director; Bvt. Colonel E. W. Smith, assistant adjutant-general; Bvt. Colonel Placidus Ord, assistant adjutant-general; Bvt. Colonel M. Small, chief commissary of subsistence; Colonel R. C. Webster, chief quartermaster; Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Howard, chief quartermaster Army of the James; Lieutenant Colonel Fred. L. Manning, provost-marshal-general Army of the James; Bvt. Major J. C. Paine, signal officer; capt. Fred. Martin, commissary of musters; Captain Augustus R. S. Foote, assistant adjutant-general; Bvt. Captain W. R. King, assistant engineer; First Lieutenant John A. Kress, chief of ordnance; Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel S. S. Seward, aide-de-camp; Bvt. Major Hugh G. Brown, aide-de-camp; Captain Charles B. Atchison, aide-de-camp; Captain Thomas G. Wells, aide-de-camp.

By command of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS U. S. FORCES, Numbers 11. Petersburg, Va., April 24, 1865.

The delusion which many colored persons, formerly slaves, are laboring under concerning their rights and privileges having been in many instances productive of evil, and giving prospect of much trouble in the future, both to themselves and to their former masters, it is deemed necessary to correct it and explain what are the true relations their changed condition places them in toward the Government and their former masters, as well as what their own duties and responsibilities are. Their error consists mainly in the belief that with their liberty they acquire individual rights in the property of their former masters, and that they are entitled to live with and be subsisted by them without being obliged to labor or give any remuneration for their support. Many even believe that the entire property of their former owners belongs now to themselves, and that owner remains with them only by their sufferance. This mistake has been originated, and sustained in many instances, by thoughtless, ignorant, or mischievous soldiers. It is therefore stated for the information and guidance of negroes formerly slaves, and for the benefit of themselves, their former masters, and society where they live, that the operation of existing laws is to make them free, but not to give them any claim whatever upon, or rights in connection with, the property of their former owners. They are the liberty to make any contract or agreement concerning themselves that a white man may, and equally bound tpo abide by it. Their former master has the right to refuse them anything that he might deny to a perfect stranger, and is no more bound to feed, clothe, or protect them than if he had never been their master. They may remain with him if he and they both desire it and they both desire it and agree on the terms, in which case each party is equally bound by the contract. The fact must in time be

