
learned by all negroes, and the sooner the better for themselves and all concerned, that they must work for their support now the same as before they were free, in some instances perhaps even harder, the difference between then and now being that now they have the entire wages of their labor to themselves. The destitute ration will not hereafter be issued to any persons whatever who are able to labor, unless they can show that they have made efforts and found it impossible to obtain work. In order to provide alike for those wishing to employ and to be employed, the following arrangement will immediately be made, viz: Brevet Major-General Ferrero will detail an officer as employment agent, whose duty it shall be to keep a register of all colored persons to whom the destitute ration is issued, and of all others who may desire employment, classifying them according to sex, trade, or occupation, with a short descriptive list of each. All persons desiring to hire servants or laborers of any kind are requested to call at the office of the employment agent, where they will be permitted to examine the register and select from it such persons as they wish to hire, stating the compensation they are willing to give, which must be fair and reasonable, to be determined by the employment agent. The persons selected will them be notified, and, if willing, will be employed and dropped from the list. If not willing to work such persons will not be permitted to draw another ration. All colored persons living in the country are informed that it is much better for them to remain there than to come to the already overstocked city, and that they will not be permitted to come here for work or subsistence unless they cannot obtain it where they are.

By command of Brigadier-General Hartsuff:

J. M. HOWARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 24, 1865 - 5.30 p. m. (Received 9.02 a. m. 25th.)

Brigadier-General ABBOT:

You will fire salutes to-morrow, 25th instant, of thirteen guns at day-light and thirty-six at close of day, and half-hour guns during day. Order in detail are on the way.

By command of Major-General Meade:

JNO. N. CRAIG,

Brevet Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 24, 1865.

Major-General AUGUR,

Commanding Department of Washington:

GENERAL: Major-General Kancock directs me to inform you that the troops of the Ninth Corps, now in Washington or en route, will be subject to your orders and disposition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

