
LEONARDTOWN, April 24, 1865 - 6.20 p. m.

Bvt. Colonel J. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Six men captured last night between this and Siant Mary's River trying to cross to Virginia shore. Am scouring the country well as possible from Wicomico to Piney Point to prevent the assassins crossing the river, of they have not already done so. During the night I have small body patrolling along the shore at different points on the river. Party from Calvert County in. Make nothing. Are paroled officers and men from Lee's army allowed to come to this time?

J. M. WAITE,

Major.

CUMBERLAND, April 24, 1865 - 8 p. m.

Brigadier General C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Middle Military Division, Washington:

Captain McNeill and other rebel officer with flag of truce have come to the outposts at New Creek. They are not prepared to surrender their commands now, but ask that hostilities may be suspended in Hardy County until they get the information required to determine their course. I have instructed General Hayes, commanding at New Creek, to reply that the armistice asked for its improper, and cannot be granted. I had ordered a raid of 200 cavalry to ferret out and capture these officers to-morrow, whom I heard were interfering with the surrender of the men, fifty of whom have already surrendered and thirty-five more are engaged to surrender to-morrow morning at the picket-post near Cumberland. Does the general commanding see objection to this raid going on?

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 24, 1865.

Major-General EMORY,

Cumberland:

The general sees no objection to the raid going on. He considers that time enough has elapsed for the men to make up their minds. General Grant's instructions in a similar case with regard to Mosby were to hunt his men down if they did not surrender; and that if after being offered terms the guerrilla parties still hold out they are not entitled to quarters.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH,Winchester, April 24, 1865.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,

Cumberland, Md.:

GENERAL: I have just received the following dispatch from General Kancock and send it to you, as I presume it was so intended:

Notify all the subordinate commanders along the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad and in West Virginia to the Kanawha that they must not relax their vigilance in

