
reference to the murderers of President Lincoln. Booth has not been arrested, and it is thought that he may attempt to escape in disguise as a woman or otherwise through that portion of the country.

Yours, &amp;c.

TORBERT,

General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 24, 1865.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,

Commanding Army of the Shenandoah, Winchester, Va.:

Major-General Hancock directs that you make arrangements for moving the Remount Valley without delay. The order will probably reach you to day by telegraph. The exact place at which the new camp is to be established is not yet determined.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE SHENANDOAH,Winchester, Va., April 24, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel FITZ SIMONS,

Commanding Remount Camp, Pleasant Valley:

COLONEL: Make arrangements at once to move all of the dismounted cavalry belonging to the First, Second and Third Divisions of cavalry, except those belonging to regiments up here. The latter you have orders for to come to the front. All officers belonging to regiments up here will be ordered here. If Captain Robertson wants a guard for the battery going down let him have them. If it is necessary for Captain Bean to have men at the canal take them from regiments up here just as far as possible.

TORBERT,

General, Chief of Cavalry, Commanding.

WINCHESTER, April 24, 1865.

General STEVENSON:

GENERAL: Have just received orders from General Hancock to prepare all of the dismounted cavalry belonging to regiments with General Sheridan to be moved to a camp near Washington. If any are away from the camp on railroad, &c., will you please order them, in at once? The Twenty-fifth New York will remain with you.

TORBERT,

General and Chief of Cavalry, Commanding.

CUMBERLAND, April 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General HAYES,

New Creek:

An armistice for a week or other time with any rebel officer in you front would be improper and cannot be granted. You can say to Captain McNeill and the other officers with his that their surrender

