
will be received on the same terms as were given to General Lee, except that those having homes in Maryland, or other loyal States, cannot go to them unless by special permission of the Secretary of War, or upon taking the oath and complying with the condition prescribed by the President's amnesty proclamation of December 8, 1864.

By order of General Emory:

TH. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CUMBERLAND, April 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General HAYES,

New Creek:

The proposition of Captain McNeill for armistice has been submitted to the general commanding military division, who approves the instructions already conveyed to you, and moreover decides that sufficient time has elapsed for these men to make up their minds, and if they do not surrender on the liberal terms now offered they will be hunted down, and when captured shown no quarter. The army to which they belong has surrendered, and further persistence in offensive operations will stamp them as guerrillas and robbers, and the Government will be compelled to treat them accordingly. You will start out your raiding party to-morrow as heretofore arranged, and direct the officer in command to make this decision and determination of the general commanding known to the soldiers and people on his route.

By order of General Emory:

TH. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY, MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 24, 1865.

Brigadier-General RAUM,

Commanding, Summit Point:

The commanding general directs that your order Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery, to report to Colonel Piper, chief of artillery, with his battery, to-morrow, the 25th instant. An escort of 100 cavalry, with a horse battery, will leave Charlestown to-morrow a. m. to come to this place. Have Battery D, First Rhode Island Artillery, meet this escort and come up with it. Direct the commanding officer of the battery to stop his command at Stephenson's Station and report in person to Colonel Piper for further instructions.

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BALTIMORE, MD., April 24, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The provost-marshal of the department reports to me that there are now a dozen gun-boats patrolling between Baltimore and Point Lookout, besides the tugs; Patexent River is already blockaded, not a vessel allowed to come out, and tat there is a perfect chain of picket chain of picket-

