
boats from Washington around to Baltimore. I have ordered guards to be put on every steamer plying between Baltimore and Annapolis and points on the Eastern and Western Shores of Maryland.

LEW. WALLACE,

Major-General.

BALTIMORE, April 24, 1865.

Colonel Sewall,

Annapolis:

Do not permit any boats to leave Annapolis for points on the Western Shore of Maryland. No passes will therefore be given to said point.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. MIDDLE DEPARTMENT, EIGHTH ARMY CORPS,Baltimore, April 24, 1865.

Colonel SEWALL,

Commanding Officer, Annapolis, Md.:

Place a guard in charge of an armed officer on every boat that leaves Annapolis for points on the Eastern or Western Shores of Maryland, if a guard has not already been furnished from here or elsewhere. Direct the officer to carefully observe all persons and arrest all suspicious characters. Report your action.

By command of Major-General Wallace:

SAML. B. LAWRENCE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT TOBACCO, MD., April 24, 1865 - 10 a. m.

(Received 11 a. m.)

Major ECKERT:

Have just met Major O'Beirne, whose force had arrested Doctor Mudd and Thompson. Mudd set Booth's left leg (fractured), furnished crutches, and Herold off. They have been tracked as far as swamp near Bryantown, and under one theory it is possible they may be still concealed in swamp which leads from Bryantown to Allen's Fresh, or in neck of land between Wicomico and Potomac Rivers. Other evidence leads to the belief that they crossed from Swan Point to White Point, Va., on Sunday morning, April 16, about 9.30, in a small boat, also captured by Major O'Beirne. John M. Lloyd has been arrested, and virtually acknowledged complicity. I will continue with Major O'Beirne, in whom I have very great confidence. We propose first to thoroughly scour swamp and country to-day, and if unsuccessful and additional evidence will justify it, we then propose to cross with force into Virginia and follow up that trail as long as there is any hope. At all events we will keep moving, and if there is any chance you may rely upon our making most of it. Country here is being thoroughly scoured by infantry and cavalry.

S. H. BECKWITH.

