
RICHMOND, VA., April 25, 1865 - 4 p. m.

(Received 8 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

I have had two interviews with Mr. Alex. Rives and other Union men who have held out against the rebellion. Mr. Rives says the Unionists fairly carried the State in 1861, and can do so now by an increased majority. He thinks that nearly all parties are now ready to abandon slavery, and that a popular vote would be strongly against it. He and others with whom I have conversed prefer the continuance of military authority for the present to the installation of the Peir-point civil government. They seem to regard that as a kind of sham. All these men are adverse to our recognizing in any manner the rebel State authorities, and rejoice that the project of assembling the present legislature is abandoned. Rivers says that the reopening of the main routes and post-offices so that Northern newspapers can circulate among the people will have an excellent effect. They now have no newspapers of any kind, and are made to believe the most wild and absurd rumors. In this view I think the railroads to Lynchburg and Charlottesville should be opened. This can be done at a trifling expense by the military engineers while the armies are lying still. I regard the reopening of mail routes an important measures for pacification.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 25, 1865 - 5.30 p. m.

(Received 8.30 p. m.)

Brigadier General J. A. HARDIE:

The sending of mechanics and their families to Northern cities was suggested by the Secretary of War himself; so, also, in regard to the sending of paroled officers of Lee's army to Halifax. We have large numbers of those people on our hands, and must get rid of them. If retained here we must support them, or they will resort to highway robbery. Every one we get rid of is a clear gain. If the order is revoked its revocation should come through me, as I authorize it.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, VA., April 25, 1865.

(Received 8. 15 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I send herewith the order in regard to trade issue this morning. You will see that to general Grant's list of contraband articles I have added spirituous liquors, as they should not be introduced into this unemployed population. I think it would be premature to issue General Grant's order for the States of North Carolina, Alabama, &amp;c.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES, Numbers 2. Richmond, Va., April 25, 1865.

1st. All restrictions upon domestic commerce and trade, except as to articles contraband of war, in the State of Virginia as insurgent territory, are, by the authority of the President, revoked in respect to all ports and counties of this State which have duly submitted to the authority and are in military possession of the United States.

