
each. One hospital tent will be allowed for office purposes at corps headquarters, and one wall-tent for similar purposes at headquartes of a division or a brigade.

XVI. A report of all property captured from the enemy or seized for the public service will be monthly to the chief of the department to which it pertains at these headquarters.

XVII. It has been shown by experience that the advantage of keeping up regularly organized pack trains is not commensurate with the expense. One hundred pack-saddles will be carried on the wagon train of each corps. Whenever it becomes necessary to pack officers' baggage, provisions, or ammunition for short distances over rough roads and broken country pack trains will be make up temporarily by taking mules from the wagons, not to exceed two to any one wagon.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

GEORGE LEE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, March 23, 1865. (Received 10 a. m.)

General AUGUR,

Commanding:

I start in half an hour for Upperville and vicinity with 500 Eighth Illinois Cavalry, and expect to be back day after to-morrow if nothing happens. Colonel Clendenin is sick, unable to go.

WM. GAMBLE,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 23, 1865.

General DWIGHT,Commanding Nineteenth Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you send a regiment of infantry, with two days' rations, to-morrow morning, from Stephenson's Depot to Snicker's Ferry, to get such information as is practicable concerning the guerrilla parties and to arrest any people engaged in conscripting, and to bring in all serviceable horses. At the ferry the reigment may hear from or communicate with possibly an expedition moving down on the other side of the river. Send a few moutned men as couriers.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

HARPER'S FERRY, VA., March 23, 1865.

General MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

The One hundred and fifty-second Indiana Volunteers have arrived, and have been sent to General Egan.

Respectfully,

JOHN D. STEVENSON,

Brigadier-General.

