
WASHINGTON, April 25, 1865.

Major-General HALLECK:

Telegram received. The Secretary of War approves of your suggestion and authorized the sale for each of all condemned animals within your command to farmers and other residents of the country. None that can be sold there will be sent here.

C. THOMAS,

Acting Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 25, 1865 - 2.05 p. m.

Brigadier General GEORGE H. GORDON:

Revoke your order Numbers 32, April 22, immediately, and publish the revocation as made by direction of the Secretary of War. Report by whose authority or sanction you made it, and if in writing send a copy. Acknowledge this order and the hour and the hour it was received.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NORFOLK, VA., April 25, 1865.

(Received 4.20 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram just received. Order Numbers 32, of April 22, will be immediately revoked. It was ordered by General Ord in the following order, viz:

RICHMOND, VA., April 22, 1865.

General GORDON:

Notify paroled officers that they will be furnished free passage and passports to Halifax should they desire to go abroad, and paroled mechanics who, with or without their families, wish to go to Philadelphia, New York, or Boston, that on taking the oath of allegiance they will be furnished free passage to those cities. Paroled officers and soldiers from General Lee's army under present circumstances, for their safety, cannot furnished passage through loyal States en route to their homes.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

General Ord sent me printed placards of the same support before sending above telegram.

Very respectfully,

GEO. H. GORDON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Eastern District of Virginia.
HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES,Richmond, April 25, 1865 - 9.30 a. m.

General G. G. MEADE:

No truce by General Sherman would affect your army; moreover, his action has been disapproved by the President. Seize all telegraph operators of the enemy within your reach. Pay no attention whatever to any agreement made by General Sherman before the arrival of Lieutenant-General Grant. Send copies to Generals Wright and Sheridan.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

