
General Wright, commanding the Sixth Corps, has been authorized to permit the running of trains for the present from Danville to Clover under the conditions contained in your telegram to General Meade last night.

A. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

DANVILLE, April 25, 1865 - 5.45 p. m.

General MEADE,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

I learn from agent at Boston Station, fourteen miles west of Clover, that a party of soldiers, no officer on charge, are preparing an engine which is on the siding at that place to start for Danville. I am about to start a train from Danville to Clover, and would respectfully request that orders be given that the soldiers should not be allowed to interfere with the trains, and would particularly request that they should not be allowed to approach Danville in this manner. The citizens wish to meet the troops when they are informed they are coming regularly forward, to surrender the town.

THOS. DODAMEAD,

General Superintendent Richmond and Danville Railroad.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 25, 1865 - 6.15 p. m.

Mr. DODAMEAD,

General Superintendent Richmond and Danville Railroad, Danville:

General Wright, commanding Sixth Corps, en route to Danville, has been notified of the contests of your dispatch of 5.45 p. m., and is ordered to stop unauthorized expeditions. You had better send out to meet General Wright and confer with him.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac.

DANVILLE, April 25, 1865.

(Received 6.35 p. m.)

General WEBB:

Will you please inform me where I can communicate with General Wright, commanding Sixth Corps?

Respectfully,

THOS. DODAMEAD,

General Superintendent Richmond and Danville Railroad.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 25, 1865 - 6.45 p. m.

THOMAS DODAMEAD,

General Superintendent Richmond and Danville Railroad:

General Wright left Staunton River at 6 a. m. to-day. He is march in toward Danville. He has probably taken the nearest dirt road to the railroad. It is probably some of his stragglers interfering with the locomotive.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

