
DANVILLE, April 25, 1865.

(Received 7.45 p. m.)

Bvt. Major General ALEX. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Finding that I cannot reach General Wright, as he is not on the line of the railroad, I must be excused for reporting a party of stragglers now on the road, with four hand-cars, between New 's Ferry and Barksdale's. As they have not arrived at the latter place may be stopped there by telegraph. This is not the same party as one engaged in taking the engine at Boston.

THOS. DODAMEAD,

General Superintendent Richmond and Danville Railroad.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 25, 1865 - 8 p. m.

Mr. THOMAS DODAMEAD,

General Superintendent Richmond and Dancille Railroad:

It is impossible to stop stragglers and marauders by telegraph. General Wright, if informed by sending across from one of your stations to the road he is on, will be found with the will and force to prevent outrages. You will have to communicate with him from one of your stations ahead of these scamps. He is not in our reach.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. MIL. DIVISION OF THE JAMES, Numbers 3. Richmond, Va., April 25, 1865.

I. Colonel R. D. Cutts, aide-de-camp, is appointed keeper of public archives. Rooms will be immediately opened in the custom-house, where will be collected and arranged all captured papers, books, maps, and public documents. The quartermaster's department will prepare suitable shelves and desks, and the commanding general of the department will detail the requisite number of clerks and guards.

II. All officers and men in the service of the United States, all citizens, and all persons heretofore in the Confederate service, having in their possession such books, papers, maps, or public documents are required to immediately deposit them in said archive rooms. Any such articles formerly belonging to officers to the Confederate Government, who have fled from our lines, are to be regarded and turned in as public property. Any violation of this order will be punished by arrest and imprisonment.

III. The keeper of archives will permit no article to be removed from his custody without a social order from these headquarters.

IV. All officers are charged with the strict enforcement of this order.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

