HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,Halifax Court-House, April 25, 1865 - 3.30 o'clock.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your dispatch authorizing me to take the bridge train with me is just received, and I have ordered it to rejoin the corps at once. I shall leave here to-morrow at 6 a. m., and camp well on the other side of Birch Creek to-morrow night so as to reach Danville about noon of the following day. I will send a small force in advance to South Boston Station, with orders to stop all trains going in the direction of Danville until I can reach the former place, when I can better judge of the propriety of permitting them to go farther.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 25, 1865 - 6.10 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps, en route to Danville:

Mr. Dodemead, superintendent of Danville railroad, reports that a party of soldiers are preparing a locomotive on siding fourteen miles west of Clover that this party has no officer in charge. He states that the citizens desire to go out to meet the troops and requests that no unauthorized parties be allowed to go into Danville in this manner. The general commanding sends this for your information and desires you to stop, if possible, such expeditions, if unauthorized.

Your obedient servant,

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,April 25, 1865 - 8 p. m.

Major-General WEBB:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of General Orders, Numbers 2, headquarters Department of the James, also telegram from Surgeon Mcparlin, transmitting dispatch from Major Wiley, commissary of subsistence, announcing that Colonel Kellog is dying. These shall be given to Major-General Sheridan as soon as his whereabouts are ascertained. Your dispatch of 6.10 this p. m., containing report of the superintendent of the Richmond and Danville Railroad, is also received. A small force sent to Boston Station this afternoon reached there just as the squad referred to in your dispatch were about to leave; put them off the train and had fire put out in the locomotive. They found there one locomotive, about twenty-five box-cars, and a full set of telegraph instruments. They captured one operator and are now looking for the other one.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

