
Division will move from its present camp via Mercer's Ford, and will cross the Meherrin at that point, and then move to the Boydton plank road, and thence to Boydton. The Second Cavalry Division, General Crook commanding, will follow the division of General Custer, crossing the river at the same point that the Third Division does, and will follow General Custer's command to Boydton. The army train will cross the river at the ford over which the First Division passed to-day, and will be escorted to Boydton by the First Division. General Devin will furnish the chief quartermaster, Captain McGonnigle, with such details from his division as he may require to repair the crossing and assist in the moving of the trains. All these movements to commence at 6 a. m. to-morrow. By command of Major-General Sheridan:

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES, Numbers 47. Richmond, Va., April 25, 1865.

Lieutenant Colonel John Coughlin, Tenth New Hampshire Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the command of the labor district, between the James and Appomattox Rivers. In all matters relating to negro affairs Lieutenant-Colonel Coughlin will report direct to these headquarters. In matters relating to the troops which may be from time to time under his command he will report to Major-General Hartsuff, commanding U. S. forces at petersburg.

By command of Major-General Ord:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 25, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER SIXTH WEST VIRGINIA CAVALRY:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you send a battalion of your regiment at as early hour as practicable to-morrow morning, the 26th instant, to the vicinity of Surrattsville, Md. The command will take with them two days' ration and forage, and will relieve all men of the Sixteenth New York Cavalry now on duty in the locality above mentioned. Upon arriving at his destination the commanding officer of the battalion will report to marshal Murray, showing him these instructions. The detachments of the Sixteenth New York, when relieved, will be ordered to return to Washington and report to these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

