
POINT LOOKOUT, April 25, 1865-12 m.

(Received 2.30 p. .m.)

lieut. Colonel J. H. TAYLOR, Chief of Staff:

I have scouted the country thoroughly from Coan River by Hethsville to the Potomac, and toward the Rappahannock. There are no traces there. I am starting up the coast and will re-embark at Potomac Creek. I have persons on the lookout in the lower part of the Neck who will, I think, arrest any of the party escaping in this part of the country. The transports will go to Potomac Creek and await me there. It will take about three days, arriving at Potomac Creek the 28th.

N. B. SWEITZER,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry, &amp;c.

POINT LOKKOUT, April 25, 1865.

(Received 2.40 p. m.)

Lieutenant Colonel J. H. TAYLOR, Chief of Staff:

I will thoroughly search all the landings and their approaches and vicinity on the Northern Neck between Coan River and Potomac Creek, to arrest any suspicious persons who have crossed the Potomac River from Maryland.

N. B. SWEITZER,

Colonel Sixteenth New York Cavalry.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,April 25, 1865.

Lieutenant-Colonel NICHOLSON, Commanding Sixteenth New York, &c.:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you proceed with your command to Coan River. Transportation will be ready for you at 10 a. m. to-morrow, the 26th instant, at Sixth street wharf. Upon arriving at your destination you will scout the adjacent country thoroughly, directing your attention to the discovery of the paries concerned in the assassination of the President and Mr. Seward. You will understand that the energetic of yourself and command are to be directed to this object and not to the prosecution of hostilities against the inhabitants. You will remain at the point above designated until joined by Colonel Sweitzer, who will then give you further instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

You are further directed to take charge of all stores and supplies which may be landed at Coan River for your own or Colonel Sweitzer's command.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Washington, April 25, 1865.

Major-General EMORY,

Department of West Virginia, Cumberland:

Major-General Hancock directs me to say to you that you are at liberty to permit family supplies in small quantities to go through your

