
lines as before the publications of General Gran't restriction on trade, and under such regulations as you may think proper to adopt. The general suggests that you should let General Stevenson control the matter near Harper's Ferry, as he is familiar with the people of Loudoun. General Stevenson has been instructed to respect General Augur's passes for people or supplies to go to Loudoun through his lines.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

CUMBERLAND, MD., April 25, 1865/

Brigadier General C. H. MORGAN,

Chief of Staff, Middle Military Division, Washington, D. C.:

The rebel partisans in my front regard themselves as part of Lee's army. I have favored this view. Am I authorized to insist that they are included in the surrender? If so, many now hanging back will gladly acknowledge the claim and come in. The only objection to this is that those who affect to consider as a new condition the order declaring those from Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri to have forfeited their homes may make that an excuse for not coming in. McNeill himself is from Missouri and some of his command from Maryland. Of the twenty-five who were to come in this morning, twenty-two have presented themselves at the pickets and are now being paroled.

W. H. EMORY,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,Washington, April 25, 1865.

Brevet Major-General EMORY,

Cumberland:

Major-General Hancock directs me to say, in reply to your dispatch, that none of the outlying detachments of partisans were included in Lee's surrender. They can, however, surrender on the same terms, but must be individually paroled and subject to the orders already issued. None of them can return to their homes in States which have not passed the ordinance of secession.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 25, 1865.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT,

Commanding Army of the Shenandoah, Winchester, Va.:

Major-General Hancock directs that the Remount Camp be removed to this place [Washington] as soon as practicable. The batteries and the train of cavalry with Sheridan will be sent by the road under a sufficient guard. The remainder of the dismounted men can be forwarded by rail as fast as transportation can be procured. Major-Gen-

