
eral Augur will designate a camp for the batteries, and the brigade commanders will report to him. The train will also be disposed of under General Augur's instructions. Telegraph me when the men will leave.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION,April 25, 1865.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT, Commanding Army of the Shenandoah:

The major-general commanding desires Colonel Piper to report to him for duty. He also desires the detailed men of General Dwight's division at the signal station at Winchester and Stephenson's Depot, and the Twenty-sixth Massachusetts Battalion collected and sent on to the division at this place.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. REMOUNT CAMP, CAV., MIDDLE MIL. DIVISION,April 25, 1865.

Brevet Major-General TORBERT, Commanding Army of the Shenandoah:

GENERAL: Colonel Fitz Simons will send 1,000 men to-morrow at 8 a. m. by rail, which will take all of the Reserve Brigade. He will also send all of the Second Division with the wagons, excepting 200 men, which he will retain to go with eighty wagons, which you are to send here. I ordered Captain Bean not to issue any public horses, excepting on requisitions approved by you. Captain Robertson starts to-morrow at 9 a. m., the trains also, under charge of Major Hyde, Fifteenth New York Cavalry. Colonel Fitz Simons will dismount all of the men in Viall's train, excepting those actually needed to conduct the train. By sending all of the Second Division we put eight men in a wagon, instead of four, as you directed. Even then the wagons will go light.

Very respectfully,

H. H. GOLDSMITH,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WEST VIRGINIA,Cumberland, Md., April 25, 1865.

Brigadier-General HAYES, New Creek:

Your inquiry has been referred to headquarters military division. The brevet major-general commanding desires to know what, in your judgment, is the object of the rebel partisans in making the inquiry, whether under the idea that if they are considered a portion of Lee's army such of them as had homes in Maryland will be permitted to return to that State. The general commanding has no doubt that they are included in Lee's army, and you will favor this idea until the specific answer expected is received.

TH. MELVIN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

