
NEW YORK CITY, April 25, 1865.

(Received 6.05 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The ceremonies and procession have been most complete and imposing. Everything passed off admirably. I have examined the remains and they are in perfect preservation. We start for Albany at 4.15 p. m.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 25, 1865-11.40 p. m.

Brigadier-General TOWNSEND,

Adjutant-General, New York:

I see by the New York papers this evening that a photograph of the corpse of President Lincols was allowed to be taken yesterday in New York. I cannot sufficiently express my surprise and disapproval of such an act while the body was in your charge. You will report what officers of the funeral escort were or ought to have been on duty at the time this was done, and immediately relieve them and order them to Washington. You will direct the provost-marshal to go to the photographer, seize and destroy the plates and any pictures or engravings that may have been made, and consider yourself responsible if the offense is repeated.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

Major ECKERT:

Please order this telegram to be delivered to-night, and if the escort has left New York order it to be forwarded to Albany.*

ALBANY, April 25, 1865.

(Received 9.30 a. m., 26th.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

We have arrived here safely. Words cannot describe the grandeur of the demonstration in New York and all along the Hudson River. The outpouring of popular feeling, quiet and unaffected, is truly sublime.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 25, 1865-11 p. m.

Major-General DIX:

Reliable information has just been communicated to me that the rebels in Canada are again plotting against the frontier towns. You will please immediately put your officers on the guard, and use every precaution to guard against such efforts.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*Not signed, but in handwriting of Mr. Stanton.

---------------

