
hostilities, on the ground that Sherman's agreements could bind his own command only and no other. They are directed to push forward, regardless of orders from anyone except General Grant, and cut off Johnston's retreat. Beauregard has telegraphed to Danville that a new arrangement had been made with Sherman, and that the advance of the Sixth Corps was to be suspended till further orders. I have telegraphed back to obey no orders of General Sherman, but to push forward as rapidly as possible. The bankers here have information to-day that Jeff. Davis' specie is moving south from Goldsborough in wagons as fast as possible. I suggest that orders be telegraphed through General Thomas that Wilson obey no orders of Sherman, and notifying him and General Canby and all commanders on the Mississippi River to take measures to intercept the rebel chiefs and their plunder. The specie taken with them is estimated here at from six to thirteen millions.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RELEIGH, N. C., April 26, 1865-10 p. m.

(Received 9.30 a. m. 28th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Richmond, Va.:

General Johnston surrendered the forces under his command, embracing all from here to the Chattahoochee, to General Sherman, on the basis agreed upon between General lee and myself for the Army of Virginia. Please order Sheridan back to Petersburg at once. If you think proper a sufficient force may go on to Danville to take possession of all munitions of war that may be stored there. Send copy of this to the Secretary of War.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, April 26, 1865-5 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

The following dispatch, just received, is sent for your information. No answer has been sent to it, nor any instructions to Major-General Wright, who will doubtless occupy Danville to-night:

DANVILLE, April 26, 1865.

Major General A. S. WEBB, Chief of Staff:

The following is an exact copy of the telegram received by me.

"GREENSBOROUGH, April 26, 1865.

"Major General L. L. LOMAX, or

"COMMANDING OFFICER AT DANVILLE:

"General Johnston, who is now on his way to confer with General Sherman in advance of Hillsborough, directs as follows: 'Notify commander of Sixth Corps (Federal) who encamped in or near Halifax last night that truce has been resumed between General Sherman and myself.'

"G. T. BEAUREGARD,"General in Command."

R. E. WITHERS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

