
railroad iron, and machinery for operating railroads, telegraph wires, insulators, and instruments for operating telegraphic lines, which articles are contraband of war, and all trade in, and importation thereof, within the limits aforesaid is absolutely prohibited.

By order of the Secretary of War:

W. A. NICHOLS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ROANOKE STATION, April 26, 1865.

(Received 11.45 a. m.)

Major General A. S. WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

I passed Pine Station Monday evening and reached Mossing Ford last evening with the whole command, marching from about 6 a. m. to nearly 7 p. m. I reached the ford three miles above this about 9 a. m. to-day, and found Brevet Major Van Brocklin gone with the pontoon bridge, but sending to the station found your orders. Have sent a company to guard the material at Clover Hill, and will encamp the regiments near the railroad here. I fear it may be difficult to collect much material suitable for the repair of the railroad bridge here. A reconnaissance within two or three miles shows but little of the proper timber. I would respectfully suggest that the chief of Construction Corps should visit this place as soon as possible. A hand-car from Meherrin may be his best means of reaching here.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 26, 1865-12.05 p. m.

General BENHAM,

Roanoke Station:

General Meade desires you to collect all the hand-cars you can find and bring them to this side of the Staunton River. They will be used in communicating with you. The chief of the construction party is on his way down to you. Some material leaves in wagons to-day. The energy of all should be taxed in repairing the bridge.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

ROANOKE STATION, April 26, 1865.

Colonel R. N. BATCHELDER,

Chief Quartermaster, Army of the Potomac:

The pontoon bridge that was at this river has been carried forward by the Sixth Corps. The train of eighteen boats which was in charge of battalion Fiftieth Regiment, but which, we are informed, has been turned over to the regular battalion, should be sent here as soon as possible, as it is much needed for construction of railroad bridge.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

