HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 26, 1865-9.20 p. m.

Brigadier-General BENHAM, Roanoke Station:

The pontoon bridge will be sent from here at daylight to-morrow morning.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS, Numbers 42. April 26, 1865.

This division having been relieved from duty on the line between Petersburg and Sutherland's Station, the remainder of the line is apportioned as follows:

1. The First Brigade, General Pearson, will occupy from Wilson's to the Worthington house, three miles, with headquarters near Wilson's Station, and one below the Fisher house.

2. Second Brigade, General Gregory, will occupy a distance of five miles from the Worthington house to the Osborne place, a mile below Ford's. One regiment will be encamped near the Beasley house. the regiment near Ford's may remain where it is. Brigade headquarters to be near Ford's Station.

3. Third Brigade, Colonel Edmands, will extend from the Osborne place to Sutherland's, a line of nine miles. One regiment will be encamped near the Osborne place and one at Church road crossing. Headquarters of brigade to be near Sutherland's Station.

4. Regiments not located by this order may be encamped with reference to favorable ground and convenience to stations, no more regiments being moved than may be necessary to comply with order.

5. Brigade commanders will take proper measures to guard the railroad on their respective lines, throwing out pickets and vedettes at cross-road and all important approaches. All bridges and culverts will be securely guarded. The entire length of road occupied by the division will be patrolled every two hours, day and night, by guards meeting each other from the different posts.

6. Drills by company any battalion will be had daily, the time and manner to be regulated by brigade commanders.

7. Camp guards will be posted at least between retreat and reveille.

8. Brigade and regimental commanders may send safeguards with proper papers within the limits of their command not over three miles out. Other cases to be referred to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier-General Chamberlain:

WM. FOWLER,Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

April 26, 1865-5.20 p. m.

Major-General WRIGHT,

Commanding Sixth Corps, near Davnille:

Dispatches have been received signed by an officer of C. S. Army claiming to command the post of Danville. This is sent for your information, since it has heretofore been claimed that there were no rebel forces there.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

