HEADQUARTERS MIDDLE MILITARY DIVISION, March 23, 1865.

General J. D. FESSENDEN,Commanding Post:

The major-general commanding directs that you send a regiment of infantry to-morrow morning, with two days' rations, to Berry's Ferry, to return by way of White Post, with instructions similar to those given the regiments you have previously sent out. If you will send word at what hour the regiment moves and the name of the regiment a few cavalrymen will be ordered to report to the commanding officer as orderlies. At Berry's Ferry the regiment may possibly communicate with or hear from an expedition which went through Loudoun County to Ashby's Gap to-day.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Chief of Staff.

NEW YORK, March 23, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

If I can be of any service to General Grant or General Sherman as a subordinate commander or aide-de-camp, or as a bearer of dispatches from you to either of them, I am quite ready. I avail myself of the telegraph to save time.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Fifth Avenue Hotel.

FORT MONROE, March 24, 1865. (Received 12.30 p.m .)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

The President desires me to say he has just arrived at this point safely, and is now feeling well, having had a pretty fair passage. Your telegram he received.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. B. PENROSE,

Captain and Commissary of Subsistence.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, March 24, 1865-4.30 p. m.

The PRESIDENT,

City Point:

I was glad to hear your safe arrived at Fortress Monroe, and hope that by this time you and Mrs. Lincoln have reached General Grant's headquarters in health and comfort. Nothing new has transpired here. Your tormentors have taken wings and departed., mr. Whiting, solicitor of the Department, has tendered his resignation, which, with your permission, I will accept. From absence and ill-health he has been of no service for many months. What does General Grant say about Mr. Yeatman? The weather here is cold, windy, and very disagreeable, so

