HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA, ARMY OF THE JAMES,Richmond, Va., April 26, 1865.

Brevet Major-General TURNER,

Commanding Twenty-fourth Corps:

I am instructed by the major-general commanding to direct you to detail from General Devens' division one fullu regiment of infantry under an efficient commander to proceed to Charlottesville, Va., on the 28th instant; a detail of two companies of cavalry will accompany them. The commanding officer will report to these headquarters at 10 a. m. to-morrow for instructions.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. SCOTT,

Major Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF WASHINGTON, TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS, Numbers 56. April 26, 1865.

I. The following organization of districts within this department is announced for the information and guidance of all concerned:

1. District of Alexandria, to embrace that portion of the Department of Washington, and all troops serving therein, lying south of the Potomac, except the "Northern Neck," south of the railroad from Fredericksburg and Aquia Creek Landing, with headquarters at Alexandria, Va., to be commanded by Major General John G. Parke, U. S. Volunteers.

2. District of Washington, to embrace that portion of the Department of Washington north of the Potomac, and all troops serving therein, excepting the city of Washington and the country between the Potomac and Patuxent Rivers, south of the Piscataway, with headquarters in Washington, D. C., to be commanded by Bvt. Major General O. B. Willcox, U. S. Volunteers.

3. District of the Patuxent, to embrace the country between the Potomac and the Patuxent Rivers and south of the Piscataway, and all troops serving therein, except Point Lookout and immediate vicinity, with headquarters at our near Port Tobacco, Colonel H. H. Wells, Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, temporarily in charge.

4. District of "Northern Neck," to embrace the country between the Potomac and Rappahannock Rivers, south of the Fredericksburg and Aquia Creek Railroad, and all troops serving therein, Colonel N. B. Sweitzer, Sixteenth New York Cavalry, temporarily in charge, with headquarters at such point as he may select.

II. The District of St. Mary's is hereby discontinued. the commander of Point Lookout will report direct to these headquarters.

III. commanding officers will report disposition and post of troops within their respective districts with as little delay as practicable, furnishing lists of brigades, regiments, and batteries, with names of commanders.

By command of Major General C. C. Augur:

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

