
commanding directs that you proceed to Chapel Point, Md. Upon arriving at the point indicated you will encamp your men in such camps as may be indicated by Colonel J. Ford Kent, assistant inspector-general, and will report as soon as practicable to Colonel Wells, near Bryantown, taking your future instructions from him.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,

April 26, 1865.

COMMANDING OFFICER GUARD SHIP,

Alexandria, Va.:

SIR: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to request that you will consult your own discretion in permitting licensed fishermen and their employes in passing up and down the Potomac in pursuit of their avocation, as guaranteed them by the licenses in their possession. He desires that no one be permitted to pass or land who cannot establish a record or character satisfactory to you.

I am, very respectfully, sir, your most obedient servant,

J. H. TAYLOR,

Chief of Staff and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PORT TOBACCO, April 26, 1.30 a. m.

(Received 8 a. m.)

Major T. T. ECKERT:

Immediately after reporting to you to-day I proceed with Major O'Beirne to Bryantown, thence to Turner's house, where Booth and Herold were seen by two servants to inquire for food, then enter pine thicket about twenty roads distant from house and two miles north from Bryantown. Parties on the ground had been through, losing the track and accomplishing nothing. We at once penetrated the thicket and deployed. After following probable routes I struck the crutch track, and we followed it in a direction circling around toward the piece of timber from which they first issued far enough to justify the belief they are still in same vicinity from which they started, and that while the troops were searching the thicker were they were last seen, they, by taking course above described, gained time enough to temporarily conceal themselves again. It appears to us from all we can learn that troops have not been pushed through with much system. The colored troops, while deployed and advancing, upon hearing shout on one part line, made rush in that direction, leaving considerable space uncovered. Cavalry has been operating, and to-night has strong line of pickets around timber. I made map to-day for immediate use, but it would have assisted much if we had a county survey map and a compass. I left Major O'Beirne at Bryantown, where he was preparing to co-operate with others and make an early and systematic scouring.

S. H. BECKWITH.

