
ALBANY, N. Y., April 26, 1865.

(Received 10.40 a. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of this date is received.* The photograph was taken while I was present, Admiral Davis being the officer immediately in charge, but it would have been my part to stop the proceedings. i regret your disapproval, but it did not strike me as objectionable under the circumstances as it was done. I have telegraphed General Dix your orders about seizing the plates. To whom shall I turn over the special charge given me in order to execute your instructions to relieve the officer responsible, and shall Admiral Davis be relieved? He was not accountable.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 26, 1865-12.30 p. m.

Brigadier General E. D. TOWNSEND,

Adjutant-General, Albany:

As Admiral Davis was not responsible there is no occasion to find fault with him. You being in charge, and present at the time, the sole responsibility rests upon you; but having no other officer of the Adjutant-General's Department that can relieve you and take your place you will continue in charge of the remains under your instructions until they are finally interred. The taking of a photograph was expressly forbidden by Mrs. Lincoln, and I am apprehensive that here feelings and the feelings of the here family will be greatly wounded.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ALBANY, April 26, 1865. (Received 6 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Your dispatch just received. I was not aware of Mrs. Lincoln's wishes, or the picture would not have been taken with the knowledge of any officer of the escort. It seemed to me the picture would be gratifying, a grant view of what thousands saw and thousands could not see. Leave here puncutally at 4 p. m.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ALBANY, N. Y., April 26, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

General Dix, who is here, suggests that I should explain to you how the photograph was taken. The remains had just been arranged in state in the City Hall, at the head of the stairway, where the people would ascend on one side and descend on the other. The body lay in an alcove, draped in black, and just at the edge of a rotunda formed of American flags and mourning drapery. The photographer was in a

---------------

*See 11.40 p. m., 25th, p. 952.

---------------

