HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 27, 1865-9.20 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Richmond, Va.:

I forward dispatch just received from Major-General Wright. Your instructions last night to pursue the enemy regardless of truces were duly forwarded to him. General Sheridan was reported last evening at Boydton, and it appears from General Wright's dispatch that General Sheridan will have to await the arrival of a bridge train at Abbyville before he can cross the Staunton River, and is then forty miles from Danville, so there is but little probability of Sheridan's reaching Danville before day after to-morrow. As I was directed to place General Wright under General Sheridan's orders, and he appears to be in communication with that officer, no further instructions will be given him, except such as you may deem proper to forward.

DANVILLE, April 27, 1865-7.30 p. m.

Major-General WEBB,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch of 4.55 p. m. is received. From the best information I can obtain it is probable that Johnston with his army is at Greensborough; that General Sheridan's army is in the vicinity of Hillsbrorough, and that he himself is at Raleigh. I have no orders to go beyond this point, and if any movement is desired previous to the arrival of General Sheridan I would ask for definite instructions. Any movement based upon this information should, in my opinion, be directed against Greensborough, but it should be made in connection with a similar movement by General Sherman's army on the same point. The rolling-stock of the Piedmont Railroad was run off from this place previous to the arrival of my advance. that of the Richmond and Danville Railroad is between here and the Staunton River, and is represented as being in serviceable condition. I shall start a train to-morrow morning and run it as far as the Staunton River with mails, &amp;c. At the request of General Sheridan, received this morning, I ordered the pontoon train to proceed to Abbyville and report to him for the purpose of getting his command over the river, and after that to report to Brigadier-General Benham.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 27, 1865-10.45 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK:

Your instructions for General Wright have been received, and have been sent to General Wright. He is directed to communicate it to General Sheridan.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 27, 1865.

Brigadier General A. B. EATON:

Bvt. Colonel Thomas Wilson, chief commissary of subsistence of this army, leaves to-day on surgeon's certificate of ill health by reason of the return of the malady which has on former occasions necessitated his absence. In consequence of the shattered condition of his health, which thus interferes with his serving continuously in the field, I have the honor to request that he may be relieved from his present duties,

