
and that a suitable officer may be at once appointed to sicced him as chief commissary of subsistence of this army. I should have stated in the foregoing that this application is based entirely on Colonel Wilson's physical condition and not on any want of satisfaction on my part with the manner in which Colonel Wilson has discharged the duties of his office, which I take this occasion to say has been eminently satisfactory to me and creditable in the highest degree to Colonel Wilson. I trust the Department will assign him to some duty where he may be able to recover the health lost by his exposure in the field.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., April 27, 1865.

Bvt. Brigadier General J. C. KELTON,

A. A. G. to Major-General Halleck, Commanding, Richmond, Va.:

The Ninth Corps has been embarked, with its six batteries. Nothing of it remains but its wagons and ambulances, which will follow. The Sixth Corps, which should reach Danville to-day, is supplied to the 4th proximo, by which date the Danville road will be in working order, at least from Burkeville, of not from Manchester. The armies have about eight days' forage on hand, and there is an abundance here in depot. If there be no objection I desire to visit Fort Monroe and Washington on official business, to return on Tuesday next. Colonel Bradley, chief quartermaster of this department, can be referred to during my absence, should the general have any orders. Please reply and oblige.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.

OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,

ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND,

City Point, Va., April 27, 1865.

Brigadier General D. H. RUCKER,

Chief Depot Quartermaster, Washington:

There are some 300 wagons, 120 ambulances, and 2,400 animals of the Ninth Corps here, to be shipped. The Ninth Corps has been embarked, with its six batteries. Strange has over 3,000 unserviceable animals to send away, but I have caused them to be put in pasture until transportation can be conveniently afforded. Please hurry forward the cavalry horse due, so that our surplus material, &amp;c., may be sent to your depot.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 27, 1865.

Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps:

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from headquarters Army of the Potomac of April 18, 1865, I have the honor to submit the following list of officers whom I recommend for promotion to the rank set opposite their names:

Bvt. Brigadier General H. G. Sickel, colonel One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brigadier-general of volunteers for meri-

