
torious services and distinguished gallantry at the battle of Lewis' farm, on the Quaker road, to rank from March 29. This officer has received a previous recommendation for promotion. Lieutenant Colonel James A. Cunningham, Thirty-second Massachusetts Volunteers, to be brevet colonel for gallant conduct at the battles of Five Forks, April 1, and the Cox road, April 2. Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel Ellis Spear, Twentieth Maine Volunteers, to be brevet colonel for meritorious services at the battle of Lewis' farm, March 29. Lieutenant Colonel Isaac Doolittle, One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, to be brevet colonel for gallant conduct at the battles of Lewis' farm and Five Forks. Lieutenant Colonel J. G. Townsend, One hundred and eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, to be brevet colonel for gallant conduct at the battle of Five Forks. Major E. A. Glenn, One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel for distinguished services at the battle of Lewis' farm; also to be brevet colonel for conspicuous gallantry at the battles of White Oak road and Five Forks, in the latter of which he was wounded. This officer has received a previous recommendation for promotion by brevet. Captain William Fowler, assistant adjutant-general, First Division, Fifth Corps, to be brevet major for meritorious service and gallant conduct at the battles of Lewis' farm, March 29, White Oak road, March 31, and Five Forks. Surg. W. R. De Witt, surgeon-in-chief, First Division, to be brevet lieutenant-colonel for efficiency and conspicuous bravery in discharging his duties on the field of battle, particularly at the White Oak road and Five Forks. Captain T. D. Chamberlain, Twentieth Maine Volunteers, to be brevet major for distinguished gallantry at Bethesda Church, June 1, 1864, and at Peebles' farm. This officer has received a previous recommendation for promotion by brevet. Captain R. W. Jacklin, Sixteenth Michigan Volunteers, to be brevet major for distinguished gallantry at battle of Five Forks, April 1, 1865. This officer has received a previous recommendation for promotion by brevet. Captain E. S. Farnsworth, Thirty-second Massachusetts Volunteers, to be brevet major for good conduct duirng the late campaign. Captain George F. Morgan, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet major for distinguished gallantry at the battles of Five Forks and Appomattox Court-House. Captain George P. McClelland, One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet major for gallant conduct at the battle of Five Forks, in which he was seriously wounded. Captain H. G. Denniston, One hundred and eighty-eighth New York Volunteers, to be brevet major for bravery during the campaign. Captain A. M. Beman, One hundred and eighty-ninth New York Volunteers, to be brevet major for bravery dirng the capaign. Captain Henry F. Sidelinger, Twentieth Maine Volunteers, to be brevet major for bravery during campaign. Captain William L. Guinther, One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet major for gallant conduct at the battle of Five Forks. Captain I. W. Kimbell, One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brevet major for gallant conduct at the battle of Five Forks. Captain George R. Abbott, First Maine Sharpshooters, to be brevet major for gallantry during the campaign. Bvt. Captain L. C. Bartlett, to be brevet major for gallant conduct at the battle of White Oak road, March 31. First Lieutenant Benjamin F. Walters, One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be brevet captain for distinguished gallantry at the battle of Lewis' farm. First Lieutenant T. K. Vogel, One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to brevet captain for gallant conduct in all the battles of the late campaign. First Lieutenant Lewis S. Edgar, One hundred and

