
eighty-fifth New York Volunteers, to be brevet captain for gallant conduct in all the battles of the late campaign. Second Lieutenant Charles J. Rector, One hundred and eighty-fifth New York Volunteers, to be brevet captain for gallant conduct in all the battles of the late campaign.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. L. CHAMBERLAIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 30, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, approved.

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 31, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General, approved.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 27, 1865.

Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Headquarters Fifth Corps:

List of officers recommended by the division commanders for promotion on account of good conduct, as set forth in each case, viz: Bvt. Brigadier General James Gwyn, colonel One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be brigadier-general of volunteers, for his zeal and good conduct during the operations from March 29 till April 9, 1865. Colonel R. N. Bowerman, Fourth Maryland Volunteers, to be brigadier-general by brevet, for gallantry and good conduct in command of the Second Brigade at the battle of Five Forks, Va., April 1, 1865; he was wounded in that battle. Surg. T. M. Flandreau, surgeon-in-chief of the division, for energy, zeal, and ability throughout the capaign. Bvt. Major W. W. Swan, captain, Seventeenth U. S. Infantry, acting assistant adjutant-general, Second Division, Fifth Corps, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet, for zeal and gallantry March 31 and April 1, 1865, in the battle of Five Forks, Va. Captain Frederick Gerker, commissary of subsistence, U. S. Volunteers, to be major by brevet, for zeal and ability throughout the campaign. Captain Jesse D. Childs, First Maryland Volunteers, for gallantry and good conduct February 5, 1865, in the fight of Dabney's Mills, Va. Captain W. I. Purnell, Eighth Maryland Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallantry April 1, 1865, in the battle of Five Forks, Va. Bvt. Captain E. T. Yardley, first lieutenant, Fourth Delaware Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be major by brevet, April 1, 1865, for gallantry in the battle of Five Forks, Va. Bvt. General Robert P. Warren, first lieutenant, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be major be brevet, for gallant conduct April 1, 1865, in the battle of Five Forks, Va. Bvt.

