
First Lieutenant H. G. Taylor, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, is recommended to be captain for gallantry in the battle of Five Forks on the 1st instant.

First Lieutenant A. J. King, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, is recommended to be captain for distinguished services at the battle of Five Forks.

First Lieutenant J. A. Jennison, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, to be captain for gallantry and colones during the engagement of April 1.

First Lieutenant Edward J. Davis, One hundred and forty-sixth New York volunteers, to be captain for gallantry at the battle of Five Forks ont he 1st instant, where he was severely wounded.

Second Lieutenant George J. Klock, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, to be first lieutenant for conduct at the battle of Five forks on the 1st instant, where he distinguished himself.

Second Lieutenant D. M. Rudy, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, to be first lieutenant for meritorious conduct at the battle of Five Forks on the 1st of April.

Captain James R. Campbell, One hundred and fortieth New York Volunteers, is recommended to be major, he having acted as assistant adjutant-general of the brigade and performed distinguished services at the battle of Five Forks on the 1st of April.

Captain Edward Kaysing, Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery, is recommended to be major, he having distinguished himself at the battle of Five Forks on the 1st of April, where he acted as field officer.

First Lieutenant George F. Schwarz, Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery, is recommended to be captain for gallantry and coolness during the engagement of April 1 at Five Forks, Va.

JOSEPH HAYES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 28, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, approved.

Accompanying this is a list of brevets recommended last fall, but which were not then given. Hoping they will yet be conferred, I recommend that in each case where an officer appears on this paper, and also on the accompanying, that this be regarded as a recommendation for a brevet one grade higher than that set opposite the name.

R. B. AYRES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 30, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded.

CHAS. GRIFFIN.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 31, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General, approved.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

