
[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 28, 1865.

Respectfully reforwarded.

This paper is a copy of one sent forward last fall. All the recommendations for brevets in the division, save this list, were proved and the brevets granted. I am very sure that the failure of these was an oversight. There regiments are as distinguished as any regiments in the armies of the United States, or any regiments in any armies in the world. I hope these brevets, therefore, will be conferred.

R. B. AYRES,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 30, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, approved.

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 27, 1865.

Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Inclosed I have the honor to forward the list of officers of this command recommended for promotion. I wish to call the especial attention of the commanding general to the following facts: Owing to a misconception of the extent of the order, which was published to this army during the fall of 1864, requiring recommendations for promotions to be forwarded, but seven officers were recommended by me to the Government. From the haste attending the preparation of the paper recommending these officers very many men, whose claims I desire now to present, were passed over. It subsequently appeared that other divisions had presented long lists, and the brevets recommended were conferred. A subsequent communication, dated November 15, 1864, was received, but owning to the absence of many officers and the necessity of closely criticizing the claims it was found to be impracticable to forward a complete list of those deserving promotion until now. I represented the matter to Major-General Warren, late commanding this corps, and obtained his permission to prepare a list which should cover the claims of all the officers in the division, as it was considered that the negligence of commanding officers should not interfere with the promotion of deserving men. Accordingly, some of the officers in the present list are recommended for battles and engagements from the Rapidan to Petersburg. The greatest possible pains have been taken to present no name to the Government whose merit and services does not demand attention. A large majority of these officers came under my own observation, and therefore I am the more earnest in my commendation and recommendation. All those recommended are eminently worthy, and I request the favorable action of the Government.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brevet Major-General.

