
[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 28, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE, A. A. G., Fifth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward the following recommendations for promotion of officers of my command:

1. Bvt. Brigadier General Henry A. Morrow, colonel Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers, to be brigadier-general of volunteers for distinguished and conspicuous gallantry, and for good conduct on the 6th of February last, when, by the exhibition of personal bravery, he held his command in place against greatly superior numbers, until, while carrying the colors of his brigade, he received a severe wound which obliged him to leave the field. This promotion is eminently deserved. This officer acted under my own immediate observation on that field of battle, and I feel it to be not only just to him, but my duty, to strongly urge that this appointment by made.

2. Bvt. Lieutenant Colonel Dennis B. Dailey, major Sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, temporarily commanding the One hundred and forty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet. Lieutenant-Colonel Dailey commanded the advance to the Boydton plank road, March 29, driving the enemy's skirmishers and holding the road-a gallant action under my own observation. On March 31 he commanded the right of the Third Brigade with great skill and personal bravery, until, being severally wounded, he was obliged to leave the field.

3. Captain Edward A. Whaley, acting major, commanding Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, to be major by brevet for personal bravery displayed in leading his command over an open field, under heavy fire, on the 1st of April, when he was severely wounded.

4. Lieutenant Colonel H. Richardson, Seventh Regiment Wisconsin volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry, bearing the colors of his regiment in front of his command in the charge on the enemy's works on the 1st of April.

5. Lieutenant Colonel W. J. Denslow, Ninety-first Regiment New York Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for gallantry rallying and re-forming his line and repelling a charge of the enemy on the 31st of March last.

6. Second Lieutenant W. B. Chapman, Ninety-first Regiment New York Volunteers, to be first lieutenant by brevet for gallantry on the 31st of March last, when he not only cheered his men on, but, using the musket of a fellow soldier, did good service until severely wounded in the neck.

The recommendations of Colonel Kellogg, commanding First Brigade, for the following members of his staff, are cordially concurred in:

7. First Lieutenant J. A. Watrous, Sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, to be captain by brevet for gallant and meritorious services on March 31 and April 1.

Captain Henry T. Garfield, Sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, brigade inspector, to be major by brevet for gallant conduct on April 1.

8. Second Lieutenant C. W. Atherton, Sixth Wisconsin Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, to be first lieutenant by brevet for gallantry on March 31, and to be captain by brevet for conspicuous bravery on April 1.

The names of the following officers of the First Brigade (General Bragg's) were omitted in former report:

9. Lieutenant Colonel John Irvin, One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for meritorious services in the battles from the Wilderness to Petersburg.

62 R R-VOL XLVI, PT III

