
10. Lieutenant Colonel Albert M. Edwards, Twenty-fourth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, to be colonel be brevet for good conduct during the campaign from the Wilderness, and for distinguished bravery on the 6th of February last.

11. Major William Hutchinson, Twenty-fourth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for meritorious services from the Wilderness to Petersburg.

12. Captain Edwin S. Osborne, One hundred and forty-ninth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for valuable services and good conduct in the battles from the Wilderness to Petersburg.

13. Captain E. A. Andrews, Seventh Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallant conduct from the Wilderness to Petersburg.

14. First Lieutenant Earl M. Rogers, Sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for remarkable gallantry on the 6th of may, 1864, while an aide-de-camp to the late Brigadier-General Wadsworth, and to be major be brevet for great personal bravery on the 18th of June, 1864, displayed during the charge on the enemy's works, when he was severely wounded. The promotion of this officer is richly deserved.

15. Lieutenant-Colonel Haines, Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for gallantry in the actions on the Weldon railroad August 18, 19, and 21, 1864, and for his conspicuous gallantry and bravery in the action at Dabney's Mill, February 6. this officer came under my immediate observation.

16. Major J. B. Overmyer, Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for energy and efficiency in the actions of February 6 and 7, and to be colonel by brevet for his display of personal bravery and for the able manner in which he handled his regiment on the 1st of April, at which time he was painfully wounded in the shoulder, but refused to leave the field.

17. Lieutenant Colonel H. M. Tremlett, commanding Thirty-ninth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for distinguished gallantry while in command of his regiment on the 6th and 7th of February and on the 31st of March. In the latter engagement he was severely wounded, losing a leg. On this, and on every occasion, he has shown himself to be a brave and deserving officer.

18. Captain J. J. Cooper, Thirty-ninth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, to be major by brevet for great gallantry in leading his command on the 1st of April.

19. Captain F. H. Cowdrey, assistant adjutant-general U. S. Volunteers, Second Brigade, to be major by brevet for personal courage during the campaign from the Wilderness to Petersburg, and for coolness and daring in riding forward to the skirmish line of his brigade on the 6th of February, when he was very severely wounded.

20. Captain William G. Sheen, Thirty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general, to be major by brevet for coolness and gallantry on the 31st of March and 1st of April.

21. Captain L. K. Plummer, Sixteenth Maine Volunteers, brigade inspector, to be major by brevet for gallantry and daring on the 31st of March and 1st of April.

22. First Lieutenant R. C. Knaggs, Seventh Michigan Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet for gallant conduct; is recommended by his brigade commander, which recommendation is cordially indorsed.

23. First Lieutenant A. Leavitt, Sixteenth Maine Volunteers, aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet for gallant conduct and coolness on April 1.

