
24. Lieutenant Colonel James Creney, Ninety-fifth New York Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for distinguished gallantry on the 6th of February when, seizing the colors of his own regiment and of the Ninety-fourth New York Volunteers, which was temporarily under his command, he rode forward and led his men under very heavy fire. Lieutenant-Colonel Creney was most severely wounded in this engagement. This occurred under my own immediate observation, and the circumstances are known to me.

25. Major H. A. Laycock, Fifty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for remarkable personal bravery and for the skillful handling of his men on the 29th and 31st of March, and to be colonel by brevet for skillfully moving his command to the relief of the left of the brigade when pressed ont he 1st of April. This officer's conduct was observed by me, and I indorse the recommendation of his brigade commander and urge the promotion as due to this gallant officer.

26. Second Lieutenant Samuael H. Williams, acting adjutant Fifty-sixth Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, to be first lieutenant by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and valuable services on the 31st of march, and to be captain by brevet for the display of personal bravery on the 1st of April. Lieutenant Williams entered the service as a musician, and by his good conduct and his bravery and courage during the campaigns of 1863 won the respect and regard of his superior officers, and was promoted to the rank of second lieutenant.

27. Major Henry H. Fish, Ninety-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for gallantry and heroism non the 31st of March. Major fish was badly wounded int he head on that day, but refused to remain at the hospital and rejoined his command on the 1st of April, when, carrying its colors, he led it forward until he received a mortal wound. This recommendation is especially urged.

28. Captain George French, Ninety-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for coolness and gallantry on the 6th of February, when the command of his regiment devolved upon him, and for remarkable bravery displayed on the 1st of April, in which action he was mortally wounded.

29. First Lieutenant Charles H. Sprague, acting adjutant Ninety-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for gallantry on the 1st of April, when by the wounding of his superior officers, the command of the regiment was assumed by him.

30. Major West Funk, One hundred and twenty-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for gallant conduct on the 6th of February, when he carried the colors of his regiment in front of the advancing line until a wound obliged him to leave the field, and for the courage and skill with which he led his regiment to the capture of a battery of the enemy on the Ford road, on the 1st of April-circumstance occupying under my personal observation.

31. Major James Coey, One hundred and forty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry in the Wilderness and at Laurel Hill, where he was severely wounded, and to be colonel by brevet for remarkable gallantry displayed in the actions of February 6, when he was severely wounded. Major Coey rejoined his command while his wounds were still unhealed, and has served with great faithfulness during the campaign just closed.

32. First Lieutenant Richard Esmond, One hundred and forty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general Third Brigade, to be captain by brevet for his valuable services and

