
personal gallantry in the action on the North Anna, May 23, 1864, while in command of his company, and for conspicuous bravery and coolness in the actions of February 6 and 7, and to be major by brevet for the efficient service rendered and for his remarkable bravery on the 1st of April, when in advance of the line of the brigade he carried the colors of the brigade over the enemy's works. The gallantry of this officer is well known to me, and his promotion is strongly urged, as he has been recommended by Generals Hofman, Morrow, and Coulter, upon whose staffs he has served.

33. First Lieutenant Joel A. Baker, One hundred and forty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp, to be captain by brevet for efficient aid rendered and for gallantry on the 1st of April, is recommended by his brigade commander.

The following officers are especially recommended for promotion, they having come under my immediate observation:

34. Bvt. Brigadier General Richard Coulter, colonel Eleventh Regiment Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers, to be brigadier-general of volunteers for gallantry and good conduct while in command of the Third Brigade in the actions of Gravelly Run March 31, and of Five Forks April 1. General Coulter has served with great gallantry through a long series of faithful services. The prompt and efficient manner in which he moved his brigade into a gap which occurred in the line of battle on the 1st of April and his skill and bravery displayed on the Ford road, where his brigade captured a battery of the enemy's, is worthy of the highest commendation.

35. Colonel John A. Kellogg, Sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, to be brigadier-general by brevet for highly meritorious services and for the skillful management of the First Brigade, which he commanded during the late campaign, and for personal gallantry in the action of Five Forks, April 1. Colonel Kellogg was placed in command of a brigade on February 14, 1865, and has commanded it with great skill and entirely to my satisfaction from that date until the close of the campaign.

36. Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Farnham, Sixteenth Regiment Maine Volunteers, to be colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and highly meritorious services at the battle of Gravelly Run, March 31, and at Five Forks, April 1, where he was severely, if not mortally, wounded in the breast. This highly meritorious officer was under my immediate observation during both these actions, and from a personal knowledge of his deserts I recommend his promotion.

37. Major R. C. Swope, assistant quartermaster U. S. Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for eminent services in his department; for the efficient manner in which he has supplied the wants of the command; for the superior character of his transportation under all circumstances, and for his faithfulness in the discharge of his duties, this officer is worthy of the consideration of the consideration of the Government.

38. Captain Percy B. Spear, commissary of subsistence U. S. Volunteers, for whose assignment with the rank of major, in accordance with the recent act of Congress, I have applied, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet and colonel by brevet for the eminently good services rendered through a long and continuous career with which I am personally acquainted. From an early period in this war this officer has held the rank of captain only. He was with me in the battles of Laurel Hill and Spotsylvania Court-House and in all the operations around Petersburg. He has no superior in his department. The faithful and continued services of this officer merit the consideration of the Government.

