
39. Captain Harrison Lambdin, assistant adjutant-general U. S. Volunteers, to be assistant adjutant-general of volunteers with the rank of major for conspicuous gallantry and good conduct int he battles of the Wilderness, Spotsylvania Court-House, and in the attack upon the enemy's works at Petersburg, June 18, 1864, where he was severely wounded. This officer has never been recommended for these battles. And to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and eminent services in the battles of Dabney's Mills, White Oak Road, and Five Forks. This officer has had seven horses shot under him since the campaign began in the Wilderness-one in the Wilderness, three at Laurel Hill and Spotsylvania Court-House, one at Dabney's Mills, and two at Gravelly Run on the 31st of March. It cannot be necessary, with this record, to urge the claims of this officer to promotion. He has served under me in all the battles in which the division has been engaged, and has in every capacity eminently deserved the promotions now asked for him by me. I especially request that the two promotions asked for for this officer, who, in my estimation and that of his former superiors, Generals Hofmann and Morrow, is eminently deserving of both, be conferred upon him by the Government.

40. Major Louis W. Read, U. S. Volunteers, to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for gallantry and good conduct in all the battles from the Wilderness to Petersburg, and to be colonel by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and bravery at the taking of the Weldon railroad, August 18, 19, and 21, 1864. In many of these engagements Major Read was an aide-de-camp on my immediate and personal staff. He carried my orders promptly and efficiently to all parts of the battle-fields. Constantly under fire he was never absent from his duty, and not only did he serve so honorably in the midst of danger in the field, but with an ability equalled by few and with a fidelity and success exceeded by on medical officer in this army, Major Read nobly and gloriously performed his whole duty. I especially recommend this officer to the attention of the Government as worthy, in the highest degree, of a proper recognition of his truly eminent and valuable services.

41. Captain Samuel K. Herr, One hundred and ninety-first Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for great gallantry throughout the campaign from the Wilderness to Petersburg. In every battle and skirmish this officer has displayed a remarkable coolness and daring. And to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous bravery and judgment int he actions near Dabney's Mills, at Gravelly Run, and Five Forks. In the latter action he conducted the right of the line, capturing five ambulances and several wagons belonging to Wallace's (rebel) brigade. The career of this officer has been highly honorable to him and his services to the Government ever faithfully and efficiently performed.

Captain James P. Mead, Eighty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, to be major by brevet for personal gallantry and good conduct in the actions before Petersburg and on the Weldon railroad, and to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for distinguished bravery on the 31st of March and 1st of April. In the latter engagement this officer was wounded. Captain Mead, while a member of my staff, has, in every capacity in which he has been called upon to act, rendered most meritorious service.

42. Captain Walter T. Chester, Ninety-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, to be major by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and highly honorable and distinguished conduct on the 18th of June, 1864, when this officer by my own immediate order carried the skirmish line to its

