
position, advanced it, and brought up the line of battle which attacked the enemy's skirmish pits. The conduct of this officer enabled me to hold by my command the advance skirmish pits of the enemy until daylight, after the troops of the Ninth Corps on my right, under General Lidlie, had fallen back. This officer's service was very gallant and very meritorious. He was severely wounded, being shot over the eye, while carrying out my instructions. And to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for conspicuous personal bravery in the action near Dabney's Mills February 6, where he rendered most efficient service, and for the correct and perfectly reliable information which this officer has invariably conveyed to me.

43. Captain A. T. Morgan, Sixth Regiment Wisconsin Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallantry in the actions of the Wilderness, where he was severely wounded, and in the actions on the Weldon railroad, where he was again wounded. And to be lieutenant-colonel by brevet for highly meritorious services at Gravelly Run and at the battle of Five Forks. This officer was placed in command of the Ninety-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers after the action of Five Forks and through all the marches to the close of the campaign he command this regiment entirely to my satisfaction. He is a meritorious and highly deserving officer.

44. Captain H. Rees Whiting, Twenty-fourth Regiment Michigan Volunteers, to be major by brevet for gallantry and good conduct in the fights before Petersburg, the actions on the Weldon railroad and near Dabney's Mills, and in the battle of Five Forks. This officer carried my orders to different parts of the field, and was efficient and faithful in the discharge of his duties.

45. Captain R. S. Dillon, Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers, to be major by brevet. This officer, chief of the pioneers of the division, through the whole campaign has been repeatedly called upon, and by the exercise of his judgment, skill, and ability, has contributed in no small degree to the prompt passage of the ammunition and other trains of this division. It has been the province of this deserving officer to build bridges for the artillery and the entire trains of the corps to pass over, when in front to prepare the road for the passage of the command, and by day and night he has ever been found by me always at his post, and faithfully and efficiently discharging his entire duty. This recognition of his services is eminently deserved.

46. First Lieutenant William B. Wright, One hundred and fourth New York Volunteers, to be captain by brevet for conspicuous gallantry and coolness under heavy fire in the action near Dabney's Mills on the 6th of February last, where he rendered most efficient service, and to be major by brevet for eminent services on the 31st of March and 1st of April. In the latter engagement Lieutenant Wright particularly distinguished himself. When the line temporarily faltered, he rode to the front and cheered on the men. Here his horse was shot under him.

47. First Lieutenant M. Porter Snell, Thirty-ninth Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, to be captain by brevet for the faithful manner in which he has discharged his duties during the campaign just closed, and particularly in the action of Five Forks, where he displayed great bravery and coolness. Ever ready, active, and faithful, this recognition of his services is eminently deserved.

I am, colonel, very respectfully,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding Division.

