
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,May 31, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded to the Adjutant-General.

These recommendations are approved, with the exception of that in the case of Captain Percy B. Spear, commissary of subsistence, who is not recommended for the brevet of colonel. He is, however, recommended for the brevet of major for the campaign of 1864, and as brevet lieutenant-colonel for that of 1865.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 27, 1865.

Bvt. Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In compliance with circular from headquarters Army of the Potomac, of 10th instant, I have the honor to submit the names of the following officers of my command as being entitled to brevets, in my opinion, for gallant and meritorious conduct during the late operations of the army:

Captain David F. Ritchie, First New York Artillery, to be major by brevet from April 2, 1865, for gallant and meritorious conduct in that he maintained his position in Battery 27 of the enemy's works, in front of Petersburg, and continued to fire with the captured guns of that battery after his infantry supports had deserted him on the afternoon of that day when the enemy charged to retake the work, holding it until the arrival of General Collis' brigade.

Second Lieutenant John Mitchell, Fourth U. S. Artillery, to be first lieutenant by brevet from March 29, 1865, for the gallant and meritorious manner in which he brought his battery (B, Fourth U. S. Artillery) into action at the Lewis house on the afternoon of that day, at a time when the advance of the corps was hard pressed, and the admirable manner in which he served it until severely wounded.

Second Lieutenant W. P. Vose, Second U. S. Artillery, to be lieutenant by brevet from March 29, 1865, for the gallant and admirable manner in which he served his battery (B, Fourth United States), after Lieutenant Mitchell was wounded and he succeeded to the command.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. S. WAINWRIGHT,

Brevet Brigadier-General, Commanding Brigade.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,April 30, 1865.

Respectfully forwarded, approved.

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General.

