
BRAYNTOWN, April 27, 1865.

(Received 4.15 p. m.)

General C. C. AUGUR, Commanding:

I shall return to Washington to-night. I have instructed Colonel Wells to pursue his investigations here to find all persons who have given assistance in any way to Booth and Herold. This, of course, is not intended to interfere in any way with any disposition you may desire to make of Colonel Wells or the troops here.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

BRYANTOWN, April 27, 1865.

(Received 4.25 p. m.)

General AUGUR, Commanding:

Colonel Wells is in need of rations, and the general thinks you had better send subsistence and forage at once. Colonel Wells will concentrate his command near Chapel Point before making final dispositions of troops.

C. H. MORGAN,

Brevet Brigadier-General, &amp;c.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, April 27, 1865.

Brigadier General J. P. SLOUGH,

Military Governor of Alexandria:

Any orders that may have been issued from this Department directing the prevention of boats and vessels proceeding down the Potomac River, and their detention at Alexandria, are revoked. All vessels may proceed without hindrance in their lawful trips or business. Please inform the officer in charge of the guard boat. Acknowledge on receipt.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Inspector-General U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,TWENTY-SECOND ARMY CORPS,

April 27, 1865.

Colonel N. B. SWEITZER, Commanding, &c.:

COLONEL: Lieutenant-Colonel Nicholson has been ordered to Coan River to await your arrival. He was with him a number of dismounted men. The major-general commanding directs that if you can find any suitable horses through the country in which you are operating that you impress them and mount your command. You will give receipts for these animals, stating thereon that the owners thereof will be paid for them hereafter upon preserving satisfactory proofs of loyalty. You are desired to remain at Coan River, scouting the country thoroughly for traces of the assassins, until you receive further orders from these headquarters.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

