
BUFFALO, April 27, 1865-9.45 p. m.

(Received 11.50 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The funeral train leaves here at 10.10 p. m. All in good order.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 28, 1865-11 a. m.

(Received 5 p. m.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

A regiment of cavalry under Colonel Sumner was sent to Fredericksburg yesterday. If possible a description of Jett should be sent to him, and also here. The Twenty-fifth (colored) Corps is reported to me as being poorly officered and in bad discipline, and altogether unfit for the military occupation of Virginia. would it not be well to send this corps to the Rio Grande, in Texas, to cut off Davis' retreat into Texas? It is reported here that the officers forming his special escort are Texans and Californians, and that their ultimate destination is Sonora. John c. Maynard, who has charge of the special train, married and adopted daughter of Dr. Gwin, and a few days before the evacuation of Richmond he applied for permission to send his wife to California, which was refused. On leaving he told his friends they would next hear of him in California.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.

RICHMOND, April 28, 1865.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Mail boats are detained at Saint Mary's from ten to eighteen hours for examination. Cannot such examinations now be dispensed with, or if necessary be made in the river, so as to prevent these delays? If no further negro recruiting is to take place General Casey and his officers should be relieved from duty here. The number of staff and special officers here are too numerous by one-half. They do no good, but are a serious embarrassment to the course of business. I propose to send away at least one-half.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, April 28, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

I forward General Orders, Numbers 4. You will perceive from paragraph V that measures have been taken to prevent so far as possible the propagation of legitimate rebels.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MILITARY DIVISION OF THE JAMES, Numbers 4. Richmond, Va., April 28, 1865.

I. Clerks of courts of record in Richmond and Petersburg will be permitted to resume their functions on taking the oath of allegiance.

II. All attorneys, counselors, advocates, and proctors, and others licensed to practice a particular profession, trade, or business, the presidents, directors, and officers of

