
all corporations, and all personas availing themselves of the benefits of General Orders, Numbers 2, in regard to trade, will be required to take the oath of allegiance to the United States. Any person in the above-mentioned cities who, without taking the oath, shall, after the 1st of May next, attempt to practice any licensed profession, or engage in any licensed trade or business, or shall exercise the functions of a president, director, or officer of any corporation, will be arrested. The foregoing provisions will be enforce in other parts of the State as early as practicable.

III. All persons making claims for restoration of private property before the provost-marshal of any other military officer, court, or commission will be required to take the oath of allegiance to the United States, and until the claimant takes the prescribed oath his claim will neither be granted nor considered.

IV. All officers of customs in this military division are requested to give no clearances or permits to ship or land goods or other articles of trade to any person, or for the benefit of any person who has not taken the oath of allegiance to the United States.

V. No marriage license will be issued until the parties desiring to be married take the oath of allegiance to the United States, and no clergyman, magistrate, or other party authorized by State laws to perform the marriage ceremony will officiate in such capacity until himself and the parties contracting matrimony have taken the prescribed oath of allegiance.

VI. Any person acting in violation of these orders will be arrested, and a full account of the case reported to these headquarters.

By order of Major-General Halleck:

J. C. KELTON,

Assistant-Adjutant General.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General.

RICHMOND, VA., April 28, 1865-10.30 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Johnston's army has surrendered on the same terms as Lee's. Send dispatch to General Sheridan to return to Petersburg. Wright may remain at Danville till further orders. Notify him of the terms of Johnston's surrender.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 28, 1865-11 a. m. (Received 11.20 a. m.)

Major-General HALLECK:

Dispatch of 10.30 a. m. received. Instructions sent to Generals Wright and Sheridan. Subsistence and forage will be sent to Staunton River by wagons, to be sent from there to Wright by rail. It will take eight days to complete bridge over Staunton River. Colonel Duane, chief engineer, has been sent to examine Lynchburg road. This road is believed to be intact except the High Bridge and bridge over the Appomattox at Farmville and two bridges near Lynchburg; all easily built except the High Bridge, which is a Howe's truss, three spans of which have been destroyed. It will probably be most expeditious to have these trusses framed in Baltimore and sent here.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

