
supply of rations in your camp by to-morrow night, but in case Sheridan needs them I have made this arrangement with you to turn over rations to him. Excuse my forgetting to send you the news. I must apologize for that.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Nottoway Court-House, April 28, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the following dispositions of the troops of the First and Third Divisions of this corps: Brevet Major-General Crawford, Third Division, from Nottoway Court-House to Blacks and Whites, a distance of six miles, five of which are guarded and patrolled by the Second Brigade, Brigadier-General Baxter; brigade headquarters near Blacks and Whites. From Blacks and Whites to the Widow Elizabeth Jones', about three and a half miles; from Baxter's left to that point the road is protected by the First Brigade, Colonel Kellogg. This force protects the depot and station and patrols toward Baxter's left; brigade headquarters three-fourths of a mile below Blacks and Whites. From Widow Elizabeth Jones' to Wilson's is about six miles; this part of the road is guarded and patrolled by the Third Brigade, Brevet Brigadier-General Coulter. Orders issued to picket all roads coming from south; to patrol carefully before and after passage of trains. Brigade headquarters at Wellville. Brigadier-General Chamberlain, First Division, from Wilson's to Sutherland's Stations. The First Brigade, General Pearson, occupies from Wilson's Station to be Worthington house, a line of three miles; one regiment is encamped below the Fisher house; brigade headquarters near Wilson's Station. The Second Brigade, General Gregory, occupies a distance of five miles, from the Worthington house to the Osborne place, a mile below Ford's; one regiment is encamped near the Beasley house and one near Ford's Station; brigade headquarters near Ford's Station. The Third Brigade, colonel Edmands, extends from the Osborne place to Sutherland's, a line of nine miles; one regiment is encamped near the Osborne place and one at Church road crossing; headquarters of brigade nar Sutherland's Station. I have stated the position of General Ayres' troops in my communication of the 24th instant.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brevet Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,April 28, 1865.

Colonel GEORGE D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Hdqrs. Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: I find that the Fifteenth New York Heavy Artillery Regiment are not credited with the battle of the Weldon Railroad in General Orders, Numbers 10, March 7, 1865 (the color order).* This is evi-

---------------

*See Part II, p. 869.

---------------

