HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,April 28, 1865-9.45 p. m. (Received 10.30 p. m.)

Major-General WEBB:

The march to this place was one of the best executed that I have ever seen, and generally no disposition was manifested by the men to commit depredations. There was some straggling and marauding, however, to prevent which every exertion was made, but probably many of the depredations were not committed by this corps, but by paroled prisoners from the rebel army, numbers of whom were met on our march and some arrested for marauding. I have also two men from our cavalry arrested on the same charge, who admit that they have not seen their commands since the battle of Sailor's Creek. The conduct of the command since our arrival has been most commendable.

H. G. WRIGHT,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTH ARMY CORPS,April 28, 1865.

Bvt. Major General L. A. GRANT, Corps Officer of the Day:

GENERAL: The rolling-stock on the railroad leading to Greensborough, which was run off before the arrival of our troops at this point, it is expected will be returned to-night. The major-general commanding therefore desires that you will instruct the pickets to permit it to pass, and it would be well to have the train halted by some means in order that it may be examined before entering the town.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SIXTH CORPS,

April 28, 1865.

No officers or soldiers in this command will be permitted to visit Danville without a written pass from their brigade or division commanders, and these passes will be granted to not more than two men from a company and not more than one-fifth of the officers. These passes, after being used, will be delivered to the guards at the entrance of the city. The above instructions do not apply to general officers or the members of their staff.

By command of Major-General Wright:

C. H. WHITTELSEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,April 28, 1865.

Major-General SHERIDAN, Commanding Cavalry:

General Meade sends the above for your information.* He has ordered rations to be sent to Roanoke Station and 150,000 pounds of forage. He suggests that you return via that station, if you require forage and rations. The train leaves here to-morrow morning.

ALEX. S. WEBB,

Brevet Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See Halleck to Meade, 10.30 a. m., p. 991.

---------------

