2
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pTesent. At present nothing cculd be done. He
therefore hoped that the members present would
«cquiesce in a motion ot this kind, in order that
the House might immei'iately proceed with its 01-
ganization; after which this question could be
brought up and acted upon.
Mr. MAXWELL contended that they ought
not to adopt this suggestion unless some Roed rea-
son could be given for pacing over the S'a'e of
New Jersey. There had been seiu on to th° Clerk
certificates in the usual form, which have been
read, and it seempd to him that it would be an
extraordinary course to pass over the State of New
•Jersey, after these certificates had been produced.
The CLERK then said that there were thiee
propositions brought to the notice of the body—one
lo read the law, the other to read the testimony in
the possesion of the Clerk, and the third to pass
over fqe State of New Jor-ey until it v>as ascer-
tained whether there «as a qnorum in attendance
in ths House.
Mr. WISE said, that Lcfore any mo'ionwas put
lo the body, he wished to know who was to \ote on
the motion to lay this question on the lable. Had
the names of a quorum been called ovet7 If not,
who were entitled to vote on this question? If the
question was put before the roll was called over,
who was entitled to vote? Wcu'd the Clerk
answer what was the u«ual course in a case of thi 
kind? Had he (Mr. W.) a r.ght to vole on this
question'
The CLERK said it was not for him to decide
as to what course the House ought to pursue in
relation to this matter.
Mr. WISE. Has any member a right to move
to lay this matter on tne table7
The CLERK said that would be a matter for
the House to decide.
Mr. MERCER thought that the motion of his
colleague [Mr. Rives] would raise the very diffi-
culty which it was the desire of the gentleman ti
avoid. To avo d difficult}, howerer, he (Mr M)
would consent that all the te>'imony should be read
before the law was read; bu then he des red to
have the law read, in crder tint grniieraen might
see what could be taken as evidence in the pre*e"t
case.
Mr. RIVES did not desire that a vote shoul 1
be taken upon the question of passins oyer the
State of New Jersey, but hoped that it might be
done by the general consent of ihe members pre-
sent, in order that the Clerk might go on and
ascertain whether there were a quorum of mem-
bers xn attendance. Whan this was done the
House cou'd immediately return to this question,
and receive evidence on both sides; examine, dis-
cuss, and eome to correct ceuc'usions upon it. He
hoped there would be ageneial disposition on the
part of gen'lemen to pursue this course.
Mr. HOFFMAN said the pr position was to
call the roll of the H^u r W mi roll of the
Hjuse? Who are the members who ar« called
upon to decide this queseen? Who but those
holding the legal cert.fica'e^ The C'erk had no
iifcht to call his name, unless hp produced on his
table a legal certificate. The gentlemen from
New Jersey, whose names have been called, have
produced the legal certificates from the Governor,
and are as much entitled to their seats as any
member of this House. If there were two teta of
certificates from the Governor of New Jersey of
equal force and effect, then there might be some
reason for passing by that State; but as that was
not the case, and as the gentlemen named had laid
the only legal evidence of election before the House,
it would be incompetent lor the body to pass over
the State of New Jersey, and proceed in calling
the balance of the roll.
Mr. HALSTEAD said he was onecf the members
from New Jersey, and he demanded, as a Repre-
sentative of the sovereign State of New Jersey,
that bis name should be called. The only reason
given by the Clfkk for not calling his name was,
that there wasother evidence upon his table, and
that there were otherper ons claiming theseats of the
mimbers from New Jersey. He would ask the
OüERK, however, whether this other evidence was
uBfjsr the seal of the State of New Jersey, and
produced according to the known and established
usasres of that State, from the formation of its Con-
sul ut.on to the present day.   He maintained that
he had ■puma facie   evidence that he  was enti-
tled to  a seat   on that   floor,   because  he  had
a  commi-sion   from   the Governor,  under   the
broad seal of the State, and that the Clerk was
bound  to call his name.     He and his colleagues
hid their commifSions from the Governor of New
Jer e>f the prober ifficer to give commissions; and
he asked what authority had this House, or  any
House, to say that those certificates should be dis-
regarded, and that the State of New Jersey should
be parsed by?   There was no authority—there was
no   power   under   the   Constitution   to   do   so.
The  Constitution   of  the   United    Slates   says
that   the   times,   places-,   and manner  of hold-
ing elections, 4iall be prescribed by  the Legisla-
te of each State.   Then, as this matter had been
deeded   upon by the Siate authority,  it  is con-
clusive, until it is reversed by the decision of the
House of Representatives, which is alone, under the
Constitution, compe'ent to decide en the qualifica-
tions of  its  numbers.    Then  his   position wa*,
that until 'his Hou^e was properly organized, and
decided upon the question, the commission of  the
Governor must be taken as prima facit evidence of
his rg! t to a seat en that floor.   He argued that
he was entitled to his se: t until a Speaker was
chosen, the oaths were administered, and the ques-
tion was judicially decided upon  by the House;
and until that was done, the House had no right to
make a judicial decision which might forever de-
stroy the sovereignty of the State of Newjersey. For
this  reason he could  not consent to submit this
question to  the decision  of gentlemen here.    He
could not Jell who were entitled to vote upon it,
nor could the Clerk undertake to decide who should
vote  on the question.    Was  he to vote upon the
qutst'on, or was he to withdraw?   The question,
in his opinion, had already been decided by  the
only competent tribunal, and that decision must
stapd until reversed by the decision of the House,
a"er it was properly organized
Mr. H then read the Ian of New Jersey on the
subject, quoted the ca e of the Mississippi election,
the case of Spalding and Mead, and of Moore
and Letcher, in support of the position which be
had taken, and argued that the certificate of the
Governor, whether given properly or not, was
conclusive evidence of his right lo a seat in the
first instance, and that he was entitled to held it
until the House was organised and the matter was
decided, upon the peti'icn of the contesting mem-
bers.
Mr. TILLINGHAST said he understood that
the gentleman from Newjersey (Mr. Haistead)
claimed the privilege of having his name called as
a member of the 26th Congress; and he claims it
because the name of the gentleman immediately
b°fore him had been called upon a certificate pre-
cisely similar to the ore which he presented. You
have called Mr. Ravdolph upon a certificate
beir-g produced precisely similar to the one pro-
duced by Mr. HsLSTEiDjand when that gen de-
man demands that his name shall be called upon
the same kind of a certificate, why do you refuse
to call it? You have called the name of Mr. Ran-
dolph, and every gentleman agrees that jou were
n?ht in doing so; then should not the gentleman
w ho has last spoken [Mr. Halstead] be enti'led
to the same privilege, when he has produced the
evidence that hs is entitled to his seat in precisely
the same t rras of the cne prcduced by his col-
league? He then referred to Jefferson's Manual
to show that a member way entitled to certain pri-
vileges by virtue of his election. A member might
be named upon a committee before he was sworn
in, and his certificate of election gave him
the pnvileg  of being exempt from arrest.
He also red an extract to the effect that
every man who has an interest in the matter must
at his peril take notice who a e members oí ei.her
House. There were two powers, he said, which
the House might exercise n relation to this matter,
ihe one was to pass upon the elections of Repre-
sentatives, and the other was the power to judge
of the validity of those elections. Congress had
passed no law to regulate elections, but had left
that matter to the States to regulate.   In the pre-
sent case, an election had been held under th< i u^
of the State oí New Jersey, and the Goveriu r had
sent to this House the prcpei certificates oí < fac-
tion, and it was incompetent for this House t , n,
cide upon the val dity of this election until it \ ,
properly organized, and the usual oaths bad Wr i
administered to the members B  contended t,iu
ihe certificate of the Governor was pmi.a Jatie
evidence of the right to a seat in ihe first place,
and that the Hou=e could not decide upon the
validity of the election, until it was pioperly orga-
nized. The certifícale of election conferred upon
a gentleman all the privileges of a member
of the House in the first instance. As he had
shown, it protected a gentleman from arrest, and
if it protected him from arrest, certainly no man
could refuse him any other of the pru lieges w hicli
it might confer upon him. These gentlemen had
the certificate of the officer authorize 1 by law to
give a certificate, and it seemed to him that it must
be the common sense of every man, that they were
entitled to their seats until the House decided upon
the matt, r in the usual and proper manner
Mr. FILLMORE rose for the puipose of asking
gentlemen to consent, befi re debating t'u-,
matter farther, at least to let all the facts, and the
law regarding the case, be laid bsfoie them. He
was not at all solicitous whether the credentials ot
the gentlemen from New Jersey uhich had not
been read, or the law of that State on the subject
of elections, should be read first. But gentlemen
had gone on assuming that certain facts existed oí
which they had yet no evidence. He hoped, there-
fore, that the law and the facts would be presented
before proceed "ig- any farther
Mr. SLADE inquired oí the Clerk what was
the question berore ihe Hou e.
Mr GARLAND (the CLERh) replied that three
proposition had been made. One was that the
credentials of the other five members claiming seats
from New Jersey should be read, another that the
law of the State of New Jersey on Ihe subject of
elections be rea^; and the last, that he (the Clerk.)
should, passing over the members ¡rom New
J rsey, who<e names had not been called, proceed
to call in their order the names of the member^
ftom all the other States-, respecting whose right to
their seats no difficulty had arisen.
Mr. MERCER stated that he had withdrawn hi 
motion to read the law of New Jersey.
Mr. SLADE observed that it had been proposed
by the gentleman from New York that the law
should be read. Now he desired to know for
«hat purpose the reading of this law was asked
for? Was it for the purpose of having any action
on it? It would seem lo him that it would be idle
for the Clerk to rise and read the laws of New
Jersey, unless it be for the purpose of enabling him
(Mr. S.) and others to decide this question. Now,
an objection had been started that he for one could
not get over. There was no body as yet compe-
tent to decit'e any question. The Clerk had pro-
ceeded to read the names of the members from only
a psrl of the States, amounting to seventy-seven
members. Now, the Cu.rh had not ihe evidence
before him that all these were legally elected. Indeed,
he bel eved, that, as to four-fifths of the member*,
present, he had no other than newspaper evideccB
or the evidence of general report, that they weie
elected. The Clerk, then, had, according to usage,
made out a roll of the members of this Congress
from the best evidence m his power, and had taken
his seat at the lable, and called over their names,
according to States, until he came to the State of
New Jersey, where he stopped, in consequence of
a difficulty that presented itself, which he explain-
ed to the House. Now the Clerk, as it was appa-
rent to every one, might have proceeded to call
over the names of the members m a different or-
der, and no one would have a right to complain.
He m ght have called them over in alphabetical
order, for there was nothing obligatory on htm to
call them over by Slates. The present rule was
merely an arbitrary one, and did not always exist
in that body. Well, sir, (continued Mr. S.) the
Clerk has presented the name of one member
from New Jersey, and reads it, nobody objecting.
He then presented the names of five others, and
their credentials having been called for, were read,
