great ones. But, (continued Mr. B.) 1 say that
from the nature of things, yoa must exercise a
sound discretion; the onus, is thrown on your shoul-
ders and you are bound to act; but when, from
duubl or uncertainty, you are unable to decide, you
must ask the decision of the House.
Mr. SLADE said that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Mercer] had stated a portion of his
argument as an absurdity. Now, said Mr. S.
I did not mean to be understood as asserting that
as soon asa quorum is formed it is competent to
dtcide upon the qualifications of all who might
happen to come alter them. This would indeed
be an absurdity that he never contemplated. But
■what he meant was that, in virtue of the power of
the Cleik of the House, derived from immemorial
nsagr, he would, wh*n a quorum was formed, have
a right to put it to th.it quorum to decide a ques-
tion thai might be raised as to the prima/icie evi-
dence of a member to the seat he chimed—a de-
cision which he had no right to make himself.
Nobody, however, would pretend to ssy that a
quorum of one hundred and twenty-two members,
who happened to be the first called, would have
the right to decide on the qualifications of all
those coming after them. The Clerk would be
bound to go through the whole twenty-six
States, stopping only at those where the seats were
contested, and where the Clerk was in doubt with
respect to the evidence of election. The Clerk
would be bound, by the spirit of the usage as well
as by his feelings gs a man of honor, to go through
the whole roll of those whom he had ascertained,
by whatever evidence was before him, were with-
out dispute entitled to their seats. After he had
gone through the rt'II of those about whom there
was no dispute, and came to those whose rights to
seats were disputed, then, it he took it upon himself
to decide who was entitled, or left it to the House
to decide that question, there would be a competent
ttibunal either to entertain an appeal from his de-
cision, or to decide the question itself. Now, he
he would leave it to the House to say what should
the Clerk do. Would gentlemen not see that if
they imposed a burden on him of decidios, they
imposed a burden on him too heavy for him to
bear; and that if they compelled him to make the
decision, he might make it in a way that would in-
volve greater evils than they sought to avoid.
Something must be done to organize the House,
and who was to do it? The Clerk must proceed
according to immemorial usage—
Mr. MERCER.   How was  the first Congress
organized?
Mr. SLADE. Some gentleman, I presume, who
had the most gray hairs, was called upon by gene,
ral consent to preside as moderator, and so acted
till the body was organized.    Mr. S. did not say
but that the House could proceed in that manner
now, and tha*  it could put the Clerk out of his
seat, and call upon trr; gentleman from Virginia
himself to act as moderator.    But the Clerk" had
net abused his trust.    He haj not been accused of
exercising too much power: on the contrary, it was
complained of him that he declined exercising any
power at all.    Mr. S   did not mean to be under-
stood as saying that any man might come here,
and, by saying that he contested the'seats of mem-
bers regularly returned, make it the duty of the
Clerk to omit calling the name of such member.
His idea was, that, in order to justify the Cl>?rk
in omitting; 'o calí the name of a returned member,
and referring the matter to the House, there must
be some color of a claim, as the lawyers sav, to
contest the right to the seat.   If a man comes here
with the spurious certiScate signed by a Governor
of a State, and another man already has a certifi-
cate from the same Governor, then on that Gover-
nor Jet that responsibility rest.   So, if two men
bring certificates, one from a Governor and the
other from a Secretary of State, then upon the Go-
vernor or the Secretary  who has certified falsely
let the responsibility rest.    But suppose, upon the
formation of a quorum,  some member  should
get up and   say, I move that A B is entitled
to a   seat   here.    Would he   not do it on his
responsibility?    Suppose that one hundred and
twenty-two members, after forming a quorum should
decide that A B is entitled to a seat—would they
CONGRESSlO^LjGLOm
not do it in their responsibility ? There might be
abu^e of power, but an abuse of power was no au-
thority for its non-existence. The gentleman from
New Jersey said that when the Clerk came to a
which he was unable to decide, he must leave it to
the House-, but the question was, who were the
House. Suppose the yeas and nays were to be or-
dered, who were in that event to vote? It was a
1J difficulty that they could not get out of without pro-
i! ceedingin the manner he had proposed. He for
i one was prepared to do his duty, and leave the
ij consequences to lake their caurse. He could not
■' look forward to consequences. If the result of all
i I this should be, that the?e five gentlemen from New
') Jersey should be prevented from taking their seats,
i and actins here, great injustice might be done
;1 them; but if that injustice should be done in the
j! exercise of a correct rule of action, we must leave
' | it to the community to say whether we have acted
ij correctly or not.
!|     Mr. SERGEANT observed, that as he undetr-
'■■] stood the  question  presented, the doubts and ditri-
I cullies that had atisen, seemed to him to! have been
ij in consequence of   the Clerk having departed
:j from the plain usage that had prevailed in that
i body  for many  years past.   It was understood
! from the Clerk, that there was a contest respect-
!f jng the rights of certain gentlemen to their seats, as
i i Representatives from New Jersey, and the worthy
I gentleman from Vermont on his right, [Mr. Slade]
thought that if there was but a color of a claim, it
was sufficient to authorize the Clerk to pa*s over
the State of New Jersey in calling the roll.    Ac-
cording to this doctrine, a gentleman might be
kept out of his seat, no matter how cleat the evi-
dence of his right to it was, no matter how  con-
formable his credentials might be to the Constitu-
tion and the laws of the State he belongs to, pro-
vided somebody has a color of a claim to contest
his right.   The gentleman says the Clerk is not
competent to decide.   To decide upon what?   The
color of a claim?   No matter how slight the evi-
dence might be, yet,'if the color of a claim was
ji presented,  the Clerk was to suffer a sovereign
,; S^ate  to  be deprived   of   her  representation  on
ii  this floor, and the certificate of   her Executive,
11 under  the  broad   seal of the  State, was to  be
11 set   at naught.   Mr. S.   did not  so understand
i I the  duty   of the Clerk.    He  understood   that
!   officer's   duty   to   be  confined   to the   verifica-
j   tion of   the credentials   in point of  form   and
j! accuracy,   and   nothing   more.     Having ascer-
i! tained that the credentials are accurate, and pos-
|j sessing the requisite formalit'es, he is bound to en-
j   rol the names of the members presenting them,
Ii and to call them over in their order.   In this case,
j;  the Clerk, to avoid  having  the appearance of
¡j  making a decision, keeps from their seats five gen-
ii  tiemen, who have the prima facie evidence of being
|! eniiiled to them,  (and he did  not know for how
¡I  long they mi'sht be kept out,)  and who mieht ap-
:| pear hereafter, upon proper investigation, to be tfeé
ji best entitled, because there appeared the color of a
¡j claim to contest them.      In taking this course, it
|| appeared to him that the Clerk had mistaken his
Ij duty.   In order tocóme at a conclusion with re-
j¡ gard to the genuineness and requisite formality of
Ij  the claims presented, the Clerk was bound to look
H at the laws of the States from which Ibey were pre-
j! sented;and if they conformed h   those laws, the
Clerk had no authority tn look further.    How
sood the case before tbftn?   Here were five gen-
tlemen, having the certificates of the Governor
of New   Jersey,  under   the  great seal   of the
Stale,   that   they   are   duly  elected  as   Repre-
sentatives from that State.   Now, had any body
any   doubt   as  to   the   genuineness   of   these
certificates?      Had   the    Clerk    any    doubts
inspecting   them?      Were   they   not   in   con-
formity   with   the   law   of  the State  of  New
Jersey on that subject?   He knew what was in
that law without any reading it at all; and he averred
that, word for word, letter for letter, and comma
for comma, the certificates of the Governor pre-
sented by these gentlemen, conformed toil.    Was
there any thing else alleged against it.      Was
there any doubt about the genuineness of these certifi-
cates? Did the Clerk himself entertain any doubts?
He did not say so.   He had said that there was a
contest respecting the seats of the members from
?he State of New Jersey, and that he cou d not
undertake to decide it, when ihese gentlemen
were in the House with these com missions, accord-
ing to the law of New Jersey; and they were, there-
fore in his opinion, entitled to hold their seats,
according to the Constitution of the United States
until they are. displaced by the House. He thought
a due respect to the Executive of one or the sove-
reign States of tins Union required that those who
wou'.d impe?ch these certificates should not come
here with a fancied claim, but should show
that they were not in accordance with the
laws of the State. Mr. S. said he under-
stood from the Clerk, that he had a^ ceri.fi-
cate from the Secretary of State of the Slate
of New Jersey, that five other gentlemen
were elected as Representatives from that State;
and that this ceriifkate was also accompanied by
the <reat seal of the State. But it was remarka-
ble that, in looking at the law of the State ot New
Jersey relative to elections, there was not a single
word' about the Secretary of State in it. The
Secretary of State had not even the custody ot the
papers relative to elections, but they were confided
exclusively to the Governor and Council. Mr. S.
after contending that the certificate of the Governor
was the only authentic evidence that could properly
be received from New Jersey, went on to say that
this was the first time that the certificate of the
Governor of a State had ever been questioned in that
body, and quoted sevet aleases which he considered
as precedents.
Messrs. RANDOLPH and SLADE made some
observations, which were not heard distinctly
enough to report.
Mr. BYNUM observed, that certain assump-
tions and statements had been made for facts which
did not exist, and which were not facts; and he,
therefore, to prevent any erroneous impressions
from arising from such statements, would endeavor
to set gentlemen right in a few particulars. He
knew thai it was the practice with many in that
House to assume for fact that which they wished
to be so, and the honorable gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Sergeant,] of whom this practice
was characteristic, had assumed it as a fact that
this was the first time that the seats of any mem-
bers had been contested who were elected accord-
ing to the Constitution of the United States and the
laws of their State. If this was the fact, he pre-
sumed that this was the first time that the gentle-
man presumed to say that he and those who acted
with htm were alone, of ail the members of the
House, competent to judge what was the Consti-
tution and the laws on this subject. Why, s;r,
said Mr. B. if the law and the Constitution is so
clear, I presume that no one would object to these
gentlemen taking their seats. But, sir, that is the
issue. We doubt whether the law and the Consti-
tution i* so clearly in theit favor. We undertake
to say (hat ih^y are not elected according to the
Constitution and the laws of New Jersey. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania says that they are;
but there are other gentlemen in this body who
have the right to exercise their judgment with re-
gard to the Constitution and the laws of New Jersey,
as well as the gentleman from Pennsylvania and his
friends. The gentleman seemed to think that the
passing over the names of those gentlemen who have
the certificate of the Governor of New Jersey would
be disrespectful to that high functionary. Ay,
sir, are there not others whose opinions are to be
respected as well as that of the Governor? I say
that the sovereign people of New Jersev are entitled
to some respect, and that the Representatives that
they have sent here are as much entitled to cre-
dence as those commissioned by the Governor.
We are not the representatives of the Governor,
but of the sovereign people of New Jersey. There
is a contest here between the Governor on one side,
and the people of New Jersey on the other; and the
people call on ns to do them justice. They con-
tend that the Governor has committed an outrage
upon their rights; and shall w« not listen to them
because tt may be considered disrespectful to the
Governor if we do sol These are important facts,
and mnst be decided on before we can go into a de-
cisión as to which set of gentlemeu are entitled to
