'heir seats as Representatives from New Jersey.
Gentlemen, said Mr.  B.  deceive themselves, ac-
cording to my mind.   If thejr object is to get these
names called before organizing the House, what is
to prevent us from having the names of the five
other gentlemen called?    But, say gentlemen, the
Governor of New Jersey has given his certificates,
and those only who hold them are entitled to their
seats.   To this we answer, have not (he people of
New Jersey elected their Representatives, and sent i1
sufficient evidence of it here; and have they not a  j
right to be heard?   These are solemn   questions,  j
Mr. Clerk, and deserve  to be seriously weighed  '
and considered,to arrive at a correct understanding '
of this subject.    Mr. B. said he deemed ihe whole  \
of the propositions made by the gen'Iemen on the  ii
other side to be utterly impracticable.   We cannot, |
said he, act at all in   this matter until we adopt ihe  ,
proposition of my friend from Virginia.    I know
that before we can decide understanding!?  upon
this matter, we must take into consideration  the
laws of the State of New Jersey bearing upon  it;
but we cannot do it now, becau-e it 1* not the pro-
p r time.    But here is the sacred chart (holding up
the Constitution) by which we are to  direct our
course, and by that, at a proper time,  we shall
make onr decision.    We  must then  take  up  the
law of New Jersey; but  when we du so, we  man
mast not forget to take into consideration the tacts
on which the election took place; and as, accord-
ing to ihe  Constitution, each H->use is to  be the
judge of the qualification of its membe s, we mus-t
judge of the qualifications o£  these gentlemen and
their competitors with all the faets, as well as the   I
law,  before   us.     If, then,   it should be  found
that the   Governor    ot   New Jersey   had   pro-
ceeded   without   authoiity   of  law—if it should
be   found   that    he   had   dared   to    usurp   the
authority of this House, there his certificate should
be treated with the contempt that it deserved.   Bat
Mr. B. doubted whether the debate on the present
occasion had not been thrown out as a mere catch
to control public opinion.   If he was not mistaken,
when the proper time arrived, and when the facts
should   be brough- out, he   doubted very mu ch
whether the Constitution   and the laws of New
Jersey would bear out the Governor in his high-
handed proceedings. But the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania contended that now was the time to make
this investigation.    How was it to be done ?     It
appeared to him, Mr. B. said, that they could not
proceed one step in the matter, until the House was
organized.     To prod ed farther, was clearly im-
practicable.    The gentleman from Pennsylvania
reflected upon the conduct of the Clerk, and it
appeared to him with very little justice.    Wny,
sir, (addressing the Clerk) you would be unworthy
the place you hold, if you had acted otherwise ?
What had the Clerk done, he would ask gentle-
man?   Why, upon a question of doubt and diffi-
culty,   he   declines   the   responsibility    of   de-
ciding,   and   refers  the   matter  to  the   House.
Mr.   B. hoped   that   a   Clerk   of   that  House
never might be   permitted  to  decide upon ques-
tions   so   vitally   affecting   the   interests   of  the
people of this Union, as this did.   Mr. B. had no
doubt that if the Clerk should go on calling over
the names of gentlemen whose seats were contest-
ed in the manner the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia contended for, that the moment the names of
one party were called, a motion would be made to
call the names of the other party; and if one of
them was permitted to vote, there was no power on
earth that could exclude the other.   He would ask
gentlemen, then, on the other side, what could they
gain by pressing this question?   What (said he)
have we as yet done towards organizing the House?
Nothing.   He therefore thought that the course
pointed out by the gentleman fiom Vermont, was
the best that they could pursue—that is, said he,
proceed to organize the House, and decide on
the evidence oí these gentlemen to their seats after-
wards.
Mr. SLA.DE explained, that he only meant a
partial organization of the House, so as to form a
quorum competent to decide as to the evidence of
membership.
Mr. BYNUM continued his remarks at some
. length, taking various precedents bearing On the J
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
case, particularly that of Moore and Letcher, a
case exactly in point, in which neither party was
permitted to take a seat, until a final decision was
made by the House, after a thorough investigation
of the merits of the case.
Mr. GALBRA1TH said he could not under-
stand the course of argument of some gentlemen
here. They charge the Clerk with usurpation of
power in the course he has chosen to take in an-
nouncing the conflicting claims to the five seat* >
from New Jersey, and urge upon us the danger of
a Clerk undertaking to determine who are entitled
to seats; that he has no right, no power, to decide;
and yet, with the same breath, they condemn him
because he has declined giving any decision, ex-
pressing his doubts and inability to determine. It
had been said by the Clfrk that he cojld not de-
cide on ihe contacting claims. It via* therefore to
be taken that such was the case. Who wa= to be ¡
the judge of that but the Clerk himself? Can any !
oiher gentleman judge better than he can? R i|fpose
the Clerk had undertaken to decide in favor of the
other claimants, than those from whom the otjec-
tion comes; then, indeed, might there have been
some ground for the charge of usurparon of
power; but in avoiding to decide, and pnceeding
to call tie list of members whose claims were un-
di;-puted, until there should be an undoubted quo
rum competent to decide, he ci uld not spe the sha-
dow  of foundation for the charge of usurpation.
Hf  said it h^d been speken of as anextiaordi-
nary course, a disrespect offered to ihe State of
New Jersey, that the members frcm that State
iliould be passed over until the list was gone
through. Me would ask what right, as a matter of
right, New Jersey had to be called before Pennsjl-
vania? It was a mere order of calling, based upon
the geographical portion of the several Stales;
which had, it was true, been generally adopted by
the House, as a matter of convenience, not predi-
cated either upon the age, size, or population of i
the States, but commencing in the East, and going I
though to the extreme West; and had been some-
times reversed in calling for petitions, resolutions,
&c. No rights of New Jersey were, therefore,
compromitted or injured by the proposed course of
calling ihe list of undisputed member*, when there
would be a competent number to decid  upon
something. At present it vas useless to discuss—
there was no body competent to decide upon any
question. Is was the only practicable course that
could be pursued. It did not even involve the
question of organizing prior to determining the ¡
right to seat of the New Jers-ey claimants. When
there should be a sufficient number called, of un-
questioned members, to form a quorum competent
to decide, as there undoubtedly would be when the
list was gone through, then it would be determined
whether we should organize first, and decide upon
those claims af'erwards, or decide upon the prima
facie right to the seats before organizing, and de-
termine the permanent right after the House should
be regularly organized.
While he was up, he felt called upon to say a
word or two in relation to himself, as connected j
wiih this New Jersey affair. He was not in the j
habit of replying to newspaper articles, but a para-
graph had found its way into the columns of a
number of respectable journals in the country, and
one in this city, (the National Intelligencer,) taken
from a paper published in his district, calculated
to make an unfavorable impression upon the minds
of his fellow members, many of whom were stran-
gers to him, and he felt it as a duty to himself to
remove any such impression which might have
been made. He was reported in that paragraph
to have declared, at a public meeting, that if the
returned members from New Jersey should attempt
to take their seats, there would be a mob, etc. It
was true there was a public meeting, and ¡t was
also true that, by invitation, he had submitted some
remarks at that meeting, the purport of which, he
presumed, it was not important he should repeat
here. It was sufficient for him to say that the arti-
e'e alluded to was a total misrepresentation of his
views, and a gross perversion of the language used
by him on that occasion.
Mr. EVERETT contended that according to
Parliamentary usage, and the established custom of
I
5
that body, it was the duty of the Clerk to enrol the
names of those gentlemen from New Jersey who
claimed their seats in virtue of the Governor's cer-
tificate, and to call them over in their order. He
contended that the Clerk h?d no right to depart in
this instance from the established custom, because
there was a contest regarding the seats claimed by
these gentleman, and that he was a  much bound to
call over their names as to call over the name of
the gentleman fiom the same State, whose right to
his seat was not not contested.
Mr. CRAIG addressed the House at some
lergth. From the confusion prevailing at the time
in the House, the commencement of this gentle-
man's remarks wa«= not heard. He wasundei-
stoou, however, as sustaining ihe course pursued
by the Clerk in declining to take 'he responsibility
ofd'ciding who were entitled to the seats from
New Jersey. He denied that the Clepk was bound
by the certificate of the Governor of New Jersey,
a< contended for by the sentlptnen from Pennsyl-
vania, [Messrs Biddlf and Sergeant] and thought
the evidence of the popular vote wa:> entitled to as
much weight as the certificate. The prima
facie evidence had been heretofore taken under
the rule of comen epef, bat he would ask
if, in a ease of p.ilf al le fraud, g* ntlenien
wou'd abide by this old rule ot prim* facie
evi(ieiic°, in defiance of truth and justice, ar,d
the sironsrfst d<cumentary testimony. Aliei all,
all they were a'ming at wis to atcvitain whether
this or that five of the New Jersey gentle-
men were entitled to the seats-; and, therefore,
if upon examination it should be found that
those who did not come with the Governor's certifi-
cate had the majority of votes, would they put in this
prima facie blind to deprive them of their seats? Mr.
C agreed with the gent'eman from Vermont, [Mr.
Slade ] that the only proper course to be taken now,
would be to pass by Ihe names of the members,
whose s^at"; were contested, and call over all the
other members so as to form a quorum. But, said
Mr. C. take the contrary course, and you will be
driven to the necessity of saying that the Governor's
certificate, with the seal of the State of New Jersey,
elects Representatives here. It might be true that
this, certifica e was evidence, so far as it went; but
suppo«e it states what is not true—and it is made
apparent to us that it contains a fa'se statement—
what, then, are we to do? Are we to shut out the
truth, because we have the certificate of a Go-
vernor, and the seal of a State? He knew of no law
or rule of th is House re quiring them to receive only
that particu'ar speci s of evidence, to the exclusion
of all other It was, therefore, hi« opinion, that they
ought to exclude both sets of members claiming to
be Representatives from the Slate of New Jersey,
until the House was organized, when it would be
competent for it to settle every doubtful question.
Mr. E. concluded by expressing the opinion that
the best way of getting over the difficulty would be
to adopt the course proposed by the gentlemen
from Virginia and Vermont; and that was, to pass
over the State of New Jersey, and call the names
of all the other member  whose seats were not
contested.
Mr. MAXWELL addressed the House at some
length in support ot bis right to take a seat, argu-
ing that the evidence he presented was as strong as
that presented by any member, and that he had as
much right to lake his seat as any of those whose
r.ame  had been already called. The certificate of
the Governor of New Jersey, with the broad seal
of the Suae, was a document that the Clerk, in
his opinion, had no right to pass by; and he consi-
dered that it was the Clerk's duly to call bis
name in its order.
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky addressed the House
at some length in support of the chims of the gen-
tlemen who presented themselves with the Gover-
nor's certificate, taking the same ground as that
taken by Messrs. Bidole and Sergeant; after
which,
Mr. BYNUM, having obtained the floor, gave
wav to
Mr. MERCER, en whose motion, and by gene-
ral consent,
The House adjourned.
