CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                   9
ihe ordinary cases of contested elections, which were
not entertained till after our complete organization,
was, that here the question arose upon Ike return,
not upon the merits, in the more «nlarged sense of
the word. The question was not, whether a majo-
rity was produced by the to tes of disqualified
voters, but whether the whole and true result of the
votes actually given and returned to the Governor
had been returned to us; and this being a point of
easy ascertainment, no good reason could be as-
signed why we should not entertain the ques-
tion, at least so far as to set mere pretenders aside
till the House was completely organized.
These (said Mr. V.) were his views and answers
to the technical points—the mere questions of form
—raised here, to preclude us from looking at the
real truth and justice of the case; but he was free
to confess that he was impelled to, and fortified in,
the course he took, by other and higher considera-
tions than any to which he had yet adverted. It
was, that his course favored popular liberty; that
the right and truth and justice and conscience
of the case were all against the pretenders
who claimed seats here merely "bicause of their
bond." He implored the House not to acknow-
ledge itself so impotent, or so mystified by form,
as to be blinded to substance; not to promulgate to
the world that the potent voice and will of the
people of a sovereign State, constitutionally ex-
pressed, could herj  be practically frustrated and
drowned, even fo/a season,by the pitiful squeaking
notes of form are technicality.
v Mr. POPEybserved that the doctrines advanced
b\ the gentUrman who had just resumed his seat,
wVe morjf extraordinary than any he had ever
heard before. Whatwasit? Why, that the gentlemen
coiflinylhere with the regular certificates of the
Go^ymor of a State, as members from that State,
shall be driven from their seats, and others coming
here on their own assumption, shall be allowed them.
He confessed he was mortified at the course taken
by several Whig members; he regretted that they
should have consented to play into their opponents'
hands, by admitting that it would be proper to
pass by the names of the members from New
Jersey, until a quorum was called. When he
came here to take his seat, he found it difficult to
get one, eleven seats having been already taken by
the two sets of members from New Jersey, while
that State was only entitled to six seats. Now,
(said Mr. P.) before we proceed farther, we ought
to make five ef these gentlemen march off. To un-
derstand the position in which they were placed,
it became necessary to inquire by what authority
they were assembled here. They stood here by the
authorities vested in them through the delegated au-
thority of their States, whether tbey might be the
Governor, sheriff, or judges of elections. That,
said Mr. Pope, is the authority by which we are
assembled here. There was a political law which
regulated this matter. It was this—that when a
sovereign State speaks through her constituted au-
thorities, you are bound to give fall faith and
credit to them. We have all come here, Mr. P.
said, with the authority granted to us by our re-
spective States through their constitutional organs.
The Constitution, it was true, for reasons which
Mr. P. stated, reserved the power to this Honse to
judge of the abuse of power by these constituted
authorities; but until this House does so decide,
the certificates given by these constituted authori-
ties, are entitled to full faith and credit.
Mr. P. said that in contending for the authority
of the certificates of the Governor of New Jersey,
he was only contending for the observance of esta-
blished usage, and had no snch ulterior objects in
Tiew as the election of a Speaker, as had been im-
puted to them. For his part, he would advise the
Opposition in this House to let the Administration
paityhave the Speaker at any rate, and take the
responsibility of conducting the business of the
body. He was for letting them show their hands,
in order that they might judge of the game they
were to play. But in reference to the question be-
fore them, he would beg the gentleman from
New York to answer him OBe question. Was it
competent for the State of New Jersey, or New
York, or any other State, to designate the manner
of holding elections, to appoint judges of elections,
and to erect a tribunal to decide who is le-
gally and constitutionally elected at such elec-
tions? If so, had not the State of New Jersey
appointed such judges, constituted such a
tribunal, and had not the authorities delega-
ted by her for that purpose, certified with all the
formalities of law, that the five gentlemen who
have the commission of the Gevernorol that State,
were legally elected? Mr. P. contended that these
certificates must stand as valid, until this House,
in the last resort, decided otherwise. He asked
how the five gentlemen who claimed their seats in
virtue of the certificate of the Secretary of Stale
that they had the majority of the votes given, could
present themselves here at this stage of the pro-
ceedings? All that, in his opinion, they could do,
was to appeal to this House after it should be or-
ganized, or to the regularly constituted authorities
of their State, to do them justice. Mr. P. said that
he had been for a long time a member of the Le-
gislature of Kentucky, and for a short time a
member of that House; but in all his legislative
experience, he had never known that the persons
having the power of attorney—the regular certifi-
cate from the constituted authorities that they were
elected, had ever been denied the right to their
seat until this time. But gentlemen asked who
were to vote on this question. He answered, all
those members assembled here, who had the cer-
tificates from the regular constituted authorities of
their State. He would ask by what arbitrary
power could it be said that the State of New Jer-
sey should be disfranchised, and her representatives
deprived of their share in the organization of the
House. Here was a question that must be settled
before the House could proceed farther. We are
assembled here, said Mr. P. not to play any trick
of party with eai h other, by which we may gain a
party advantage, but as honorable men, as-
sembled from twenty-six States of this Union,
all willing and anxious to preserve the rights of the
others, and, therefore, bound to receive the authen-
tic evidence presented by each individual. No
gentleman had a right to call upon the others
to recognise him as a brother member, unless he
was furnished with the regular certificate from the
constituted authorities of his State. Those whose
claims were otherwise presented might, at a proper
time, after the organization of the House, show
that injustice bad been dene them; but until they
did so, those only who had the regular certificates
were entitled to the contested seats. It was unfor-
tunate for the Whig party, Mr. ?. said, that there
seemed to be some disagreement among them-
selves. Some of them were willing that those
members whose seats were not contested,
should qualify, and thus make up a quorum com-
petent to decide upon the others. This, to his
mind, was wrong. We have (continued Mr. P.)
neither the power to say that the five members from
New Jersey shall not qualify, nor had they the
power to admit eleven from that State. The only
possible way of getting out of the difficulty in which
they were involved, was to admit those gentlemen
only who had the regular certificates of election.
Mr. RHETT confessed that this morning it was
his impression, from old opinions that he had en-
tertained on the subject, that the Clerk of the
House had no right to put a question, and that
they, as members of Congress, were not bound to
answer him. But the House (Mr. R. said) had
decided that it was ¿competent for the Clerk to put
a question. He would now read from the Journal
of the House for the first session of the Twenty-fifth
Congress, the proceedings in which this decision
was made.
Here Mr. R. read as follows:
"Walter S. Franklin, Clerk to the late House
of Representatives, commenced the call' of the roll
of members by States, beginning with the State of
Maine; and having called as far as the State of
Mississippi, and being about to call the members
from that State—
Mr. Mercer, of Virginia, rose and moved the
adoption of a resolution in the words following, to
wit:
Resolved, That sufficient evidence has not been
afforded to this House that John F. H. Claiborne
and Samuel J. Gholson are lawfully entitled to
seats therein.
The said resolution was read; and, after debate
thereon,
A motion was made by M r. Bynum that it do lie
on the table:
And after further debate, the question was put
that the resolution do lie on the table,
And passed in the affirmative.
Mr. R. Barnwell Rhett then submitted the fol-
lowing motion, to wit:
That Lewis Williams, of North Carolina, being
the oldest member of the House of Representatives,
be appointed chairman of this House, to serve un-
til the House be organized by the election of a
Speaker.
A motion was made by Mr. Toucey, that the
said motion do lie on the table; and, after debate,
the question was put,
And passed in the affirmative.
And so the motion made by Mr. R. Barnwell
Rhett was ordered to lie on the table."
Now, sir, continued Mr. R. at the opening of
the last Congress, as many difficulties and objec-
tions as to your power occurred to me,as strongly
as they had to-day occurred to any gentleman pie-
sent. He was at a loss to see the power by which
the Clerk was seated in that chair. It was under
these objections that he made the motion he did to
appoint a Chairman to serve until the House was
organized. He made this motion because ha could
see no parallel between the situation of ihe Clerk
and Clerk of the House of Commons of Great Bri-
tain.
Mr. R. here showed the distinction between the
powers of the two officers. There was no analogy
between their situations, because there was law to
govern the one, and no law to govern the other.
He could not, therefore, recognise the Clerk as
having powers which might be dangerous for him
to exercise. Tnese were his impressions at the
time, but the House overruled his motion, and de-
cided that it was competent for the Clerk to put a
question. This was not the only case in which the
House made such a decision. At the first ses.<iori
of the Twenty-fourth Congress, the same rule was
observed. Here Mr. R. read from the journal as
follows:
"And a quorum, consisting of a majority of the
whole nnmber of members of the House, being
present,
And the members being about to proceed to the
election, by ballot, of a Speaker to preside over its
deliberations,
A motion was made by Mr. Patton that the
Speaker be elected viva voce.
And after debate,
A motion was made by Mr. Evans that the mo-
tion made by Mr. PAiTON.that the election ot Speak-
er be made viva voce, do lie on the table.
And on the question that the said motion do lie
on the table,
It passed in the affirmative."
Thus it appeared, that however reasonable or
unreasonable it might be, this House had already
determined that they would proceed to business,
with the Clerk in the Chair to put Ihe question*;
and the House had done so for two succeeding ses-
sions. Mr. R. thought, therefore, that it would be
best for the House to pursue the same course now,
and suffer the question to be put, whether the
Clerk should be permitted to make a statement ex-
planatory of the course he had pursued.
Mr. WISE observed that the precedents cited
by the gentleman from South Carolina, were very
gcod ones m the cases in which they applied; but
they did not, in his opinion, apply in this case. In
the case of Claiborne and Gholson, there
were no persons contesting their right to their seats.
In this case no question had arisen as to who
should or should not vote in organizing the House.
Then in the other case—that where Mr. Patton
moved to vote viva voce for the election of
Speaker—the question was simply taken by gene-
ral consent; and there was no question as to who
should vote, or any other questions like those now
presented to the House. But now the first ques-
tion was, whether you shall pass over the State of
New Jersey? and then the question would arise,
