that we cannot inquire into the matter, and   era-
mine the evidence?   Are we to be precluded by th
"great seal"   of Governor Pennington?    It did
seem to him that common justice  required
none of these men should be seated until this ques-  j
tion was settled.    He had,   he said, expressed  ¡
his opinions   freely,   and  perhaps   with   some  i
warmth, on this subject.   He had been accustomed
all his life to express his opinions freely.   He had
exercised   that right  at  home,  and no earthly
consideration    should   deter    him   from   exer-
cising it hsre.   And whenever he saw an effort
made to disregard the expressed will of the people,  j
and trampled upon their constitutional rights, he
would be heard i a their defence. Yes, sir, said he, as
long as God gives me a voice to speak, that voice
shall be heard in vindicating th: cause of   an
outraged and insulted people.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON thought that the
House must pursue the course nsual on snch occa-
sions, or they never could organize.   The usage
established, and which  had never been depart-
ed from, was, that when   gentlemei  presented
themselves, with the certificate of the Governor,
under the great seal of the State, they were entitled
to participate in the organization of the House.
He thought it would be dangerous to depart from
the long established usage on the subject, and he
conjured gentlemen to weigh well the consequences
of such a course.   If the State of New Jersey was
not called, a sovereign State would not be represent-
ed in the important^—and, in the present condition of
the country, all important—election of Speaker.
This matter might be carried further.   Suppose he,
from a captious or vexat.ous spirit, should contest the
right of a member from the State of New York, or the |
State of Ohio, or from any other State, the same dim•   ,
culiy as in the present case would recur, and an or- !
ganization of the House would never be effected. He   j
had not intimated his opinion of the merits of the
claimants on either side of this question; he had
purposely abstained from doing so; but he pledged    i
himself—if such a pledge wo«ild not be considered  :
disrespectful to the Houae—when.it came up regu-   >
larly before them, to investigate it, and decide upon
it, with the strictest impartiality.
Mr. DUNCAN attempted to obtain the floor;
but                                                                     ,
The CLERK deciding in favor of Mr. Ran- I
DOLfH,                                                                                                       I
Mr. DUNCAN inquired if that gentleman had i
had not already participated in the debate?
The CLERK said that, in the present condition
of the House, he did not consider the parliamen-
tary rule, that no member should speak mere than
twice on the same dubject, to be in force.
Mr RANDOLPH then said that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Wbller] had asserted that there
were certificates for two sets of members from the
State of New Jersey. Before he did this, he
should have understood something of the laws of
that State. His colleagues and himself came there
as the Representatives of the State of New Jersey,
certified in all the forms of the laws of that State,
and no other form of certificate was legal or valid.
They came there with the certificate of the Go-
vernor of New Jersey, under the broad seal of the
State—a seal, the validity of which was never
questioned until the present. This time-honored
seal was older than the Constitution of the
United States. It was adopted when her soil
was trodden by a foreign foot, when the blood of
Jerseymen was poured out as water, when her vil-
lages were given to the flames, and her fields de-
vastated, then had she adopted this seal, and im-
printed on it the emblems of the fruitfulness of her
soil and the devotion of her sons to the principles
of liberty. And never till the present time had the
sanctity and validity of that seal been questioned.
Another remark of the gentleman from Ohio was,
that the Clerk was not permitted to give hia rea-
sons for the course he had pursued. He appealed
to gentlemen all around if he had not yesterday re-
quested that the Clerk should be heard. In justice
to that gentleman, and to his colleagues, he re-
quested that the reasons of the Clerk should be
heard. But the gentleman from Ohio had said
this was a contest between the Governor and the
people of ffew Jersey,  gjr, the Governor of New
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jersey is the organ of the people of New Jersey.
His conduct has been submitted to their scrutiny,
and all the powers of earth have been called into
requisition to hurl him from his station; yet he is
still their organ. Efforts have been made to blacken
his character with infamy, but he was much mis-
taken if, before this investigation was closed, he
would not appear to have acted in strict confor-
mity to legal provisions, and the dictates of con-
science.
Mr. DUNCAN obtaining the floor,
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved an adjournment.
The motion appearing to be seconded by a large
number of voices, the Clerk was about to an-
nounce the adjournment, when
Mr. CUSHING objected to any adjournment,
without a vote being taken.
The CLERK was under the impression that he
could not put a question to a voie of the House.
Mr. CRAIG understood that t4e House consent-
ed that the Clerk should put the question.
The CLERK still thought, as there was not a
quorum, he could not put a question.
Mr. MERCER said if there were but ten mem-
bers present, motions of adjournment could be
made and ac'ed on.
Mr. CUSHING referred to the First Congress,
when there was no quorum present for three weeks,
and they had adjourned from day to day, until a
quorum had assembled.
Mr. WISE hoped they would have a vote on
the question of adjournment. If they could take
a vote on that question, they could on another, and
he would as soon have the matter settled in that
way as in any other.
Mr. CRAIG said that in the present unorganized
state of the body, all must perceive that every
movement must be the result of general consent.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then moved that the House
adjourn until to-morrow, at 12 o'clock.
The CLERK then put the question on the ad-
journment, and it was decided in the affirmative;
and then,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, December 4, 1839.
Mr. SMITH of  Connecticut appeared in his
seat this morning.
Mr. BENTON said, that though, in consequence
of the other department of the Legislature not being
organized, it would not be proper to transact le-
gislative business, yet he considered there would
be no impropriety in taking some initiatory steps
towards procuring information as a basi* of futnre
legislative action. He would therefore submit
some resolutions of inquiry, if the Chair decided
that it would be in order.
The CHAIR deciding that it would be in order,
Mr. BENTON offered the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate copies
of the records, and of all the proceedings of the
Court of Inquiry, and also of the Court Mar-
tial lately held at St. Louis, on Lt. Col. Brant; also
the copy of his resignation; and, also, of all the pa-
pers connected therewith.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate as follows:
1.  The articles of foreign import, which being
manufactured into a different article in the United
States, are allowed a drawback of duty on being
exported; with the quantities and values of such
imports and exports, and the amounts of duties re-
ceived and drawback paid on the same, from the
year 1833, inclusive, to the end of the fiscal year
of 1839.
2.  The amount of drawback which would have
been payable on such exportations, if the act of
March 3,1839, for the reduction of duties, com-
monly called the Compromise act, had provided
for a reduction of drawback in proportion to the
periodical reduction of duty.
3.  The probable quantities and values of such
imports and exports, and the amounts of duties
receivable, and of drawbacks payable thereon,
from the year 1840, inclusive of that year, to the
coasummaUon. of the Compromise act, in 1842,
41
and for one year thereafter; provided the said act
remains as it is.
4.  The same quantities, values and duties for
the same time, with the annual amounts of draw-
back, which would be payable if tfee drawback un-
derwent reductions proportionately with the reduc-
tions of duty.
5.  A table of recapitulation and comparison,
showing the annual difference, and the aggregate
difference between the amounts of drawback paid
¡  and payable under said act, from 1833 inclusive to
!   1842, and one year thereafter, if the act remains
i as it is, and the amounts that would have been
paid and should become payable hereafter, if the
drawbacks had been subject to reduction in pro-
I  portion to the reduction of duties from the date of
!  the act.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, so far
as it may be in the power of the Treasury Depart-
ment to obtain the information, the names of all
the banks in the United States which may have
stopped specie pa> ments during the suspension of
1839; also of those which did not stop; noting
those which may have recommenced payments;
the whole divided into classes by States and Terri-
tories, and the District of Columbia.
Also, that he cause to be communicated to the
Senate the names of all banks, if any, which have
refused to pay the Government demands, Post Of-
fice inclusive, in specie when demanded; with all
the circumstances of such failure, and the corre-
spondence to which it led.
Also, to inform the Senate whether any of the
Departments have information, or have reason to
believe, that any of the Government creditors have
)  been paid in depreciated currency since the general
i  resumption of 1838.
Resolved, That the Secretary of (he Treasury be
j  directed to communicate  to  the Senate all the in-
!  formation which may be in his power or possession
relative to the imposition of tolls and the annual
amounts collected, on all sorts of vessel?, empty,
light, or heavily laden, on the Louisville and Pors-
land canal, from the opening of the same to thfi
present lime; and the general expenses attendirg
the canal.   Also, the annual amount of dividerus
belonging to the United States.   Also, 4he number
of shares held in said  canal stock by the United
¡  States, and the amount paid upon them.   Also,
i |  the number of vessels of all binds which have
!  passed the said canal annually since it was opened.
¡  Also, whether the said canal is completely finished
and put into a condition to pass vessels through in
the shortest time practicable.
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to address proper queries to the surveyor
of the port at Louisville, and also at St. Louis,
to fee answered by themselves, and also to be com-
municated to the steamboat captains generally, in
relation to the elect of the tolls on the said canal,
and the amount thereof on their respective vessels
for each time they pass through, and the aggregate
i  amount for  th« season, or a year; and the compa-
rative amount of the  tolls paid to the canal, and
the profits cleared by the boat; with  an estimate
of the amount of tolls which a regular trader of a
given tonnage, between St. Louis and Louisville,
and between New Orleans and Louisville, would
I poy in the number of years that such  steamer
j  would last, supposing her to continue in the same
;  trade as long as fit for service; also a comparative
estimate of such aggregate tolls, with  the original
cost of the vessel; and a further comparative esti-
,  mate of such tolls, with the other expenses inci-
i dent to th3 running of the steamboat.
j Mr. CRITTENDEN gave notice that he would
¡' ask leave, at the earliest day it would be proper (o
! do so, to bring in a bill to authorize the purchase of
the private stock in the Louisville and Portland
: Canal by the United States.
¡      Mr. WALKER gave notice that he would ask
; leave, at the earliest day it would be proper to do
so, to introduce the following bills:
1.  A bill to provide for a standing and perma-
nent pre-emption system, with sales, also, to actual
settlers at reduced prices.
2.  A bill to relinquish to the State of Mississippi
