ia
the two per cent, fund arising under her compact
for admission into the Union.
3. A bill to cede to the State of Mississippi a
quantity of public land equal to that heretofore
granted to the State of Ohio for the purposes of in-
ternal improvement.
4   A bill to authorize the substitution of other
lands in place of school sections which are useless   :
or unproductive.                                                          I
Mr. CLAY of Alabama gave notice that he ],
would ask leave, at the earliest day it would be ;;
in order to do so, to iutroduce the following bills:       |
1.  A bill providing for the reduction and gradu- ¡;
ation of the price of the public lands.       *                 !;
2.  Abulto relinquish to the State of Alabama >
the two percent, fund reserved by the act for her ¡|
admijsion into the Union, to be applied to the ;
making of a road, or roads, leading to said State. \[
3.  A bill to establish an additional land district ¡
in the State of Alabama.                                            ¡i
4.  A bill for the relief of certain persons therein |j
named.                                                                       !'
5.  A bill for the relief of John McCartney.
6.  A bill for the relief of Captain Snodgrass's
company of Alabama volunteers.
7.  A bill for the discontinuance of the office of
Sarveyor General in the several districts, so soon  :¡
as the surveys therein can be completed, for abo-
lishing land offices under certain circumstances,  ¡
and to abolish the office of Solicitor of the General j
Land Office.                                                               jj
8.  A bill for the relief of Richard Robertson.
9.  A bill for the relief of the assignees of Louis
Baron De Fernet.
JO. A bill for the benefit of the Gainesville and
Narkeeta Railroad Company.
11.  A bill to relinquish the reversionary interest
of the United Stales toja certain reservation in the
State of Alabama.
12.  A bill for the relief of the heirs of Colin
Bishop.
13.  A bill for the benefit of the Alabama, Flo-
rida, and Georgia Railroad Company.
14.  A bill authorizing the relinquishment of the
sixteenth sections granted for the use of schools,
and the entry of other lands in lieu thereof.
Mr. NORVELL gave notice that, at the earliest
day it would be in order to do so, he would ask
leave to introduce the following bills:
1.  A bill granting to the State of Michigan a
quantity of land, to aid said State in the construc-
tion of a canal around the falls of St. Marie.
2.  A bill for the relief of certain companies of
Michigan militia.
3.  A bill making grants of public lands to cer-
tain States, for purposes of internal improvement.
4.  A joint resolution, authorizing the President
of the United States to cause cettain surveys to be
made.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, December 4, 1839.
At 12 o'clock,   Mr. GARLAND (the Clerk)
called the House to order, and stated that, at the
adjournment yesterday, Mr. Duncan of Ohio had
the floor.
Mr. WISE then rose and stated, that if the gen-
tleman from Ohio would yield the floor, he would
submit a resolution which would, perhaps, settle
the difficulty in which the House was now in-
volved.
Mr. DUNCAN yielded the floor, when—
Mr. WISE then stated that he held in his hand
. a resolution, which had been prepared by one of
j his  colleagues, who was not then   in   the House,
which would  perhaps relieve the House from its
present difficulty.   Mr. W. then submitted the fol-
lowing resolutien:
Resohed, That the Representatives of the Congress
of the United States now assembled, to relieve them-
selves from the embarrassment and difficulties
which at present obstruct the organization of the
Bouse, will proceed, by the Acting Clerk, to call
the names of gentlemen whose rights to seats are
not disputed or contested; and, after the names of
such members are ail called, and before they pro-
ceed to eject a Speaker or other officer, or to or-
CONGRESSIONAL QLfflSE*__
ganize in any manner, they shall, provided there
be a quorum of such present, hear and decide upon
all credentials, certificates, or commissions of per-
sons claiming seats in the House of Representa-
tives under the Constitution of the United States
and the laws of the respective States.
Mr.  DROMGOOLE   hoped it   would be  the
general disposition of the members to adopt the j
proposition of his colleague, [Mr. Wise.]   He
was glad that it had been submitted.   It appeared
to him to cover the very ground maintained by
himself and others from the beginning of this dis-
cussion, that it is competent for  the House to de- ,
cide the matter in  dispute at the threshold.   He
understood that it had been contemplated to decide
this contest forthwith; that as soon as the Clerk ■
had called and enrolled the members whose seats
were undisputed, that they would  proceed imme- j
diately, before the transaction of any other bust- ;,
ness, to the investigation and decision of the con- .
Hiding claims to seats.   Such  had been his un-
derstanding, and for himself, he had been ready to
give a pledge that he would  unite in  effectuating
this purpose before he would join in any attempt
to elect the Speaker or other officers.
This resolution of his colleague will effect this :
object.     Tne disputed seats must be decided  by
those whose claims are uncontrcverted. Their right j
and power to do this, is as complete before as after ¡
the election of Speaker.   It may  be inconvenient
and difficult to act without a complete organization; j
but this inconvenience  and difficulty does not de- j
stroy   or impair the constitutional   right  of   the I
House to judge of the eleciion, qualification, and ¡
returns of members.   The power of judging is con- I
ferred   by   the Constitution, and if it   does not
exist in the first instance, surely the election of
Speaker and other officers cannot confer additional
powers.     The election of these officers is only for
the purpose of promoting the convenience and or-
der of our action, and for facilitating the despatch !
of business.     He repeated that he hoped, for the
sake of obviating all difficulty, ihe proposition of
his honorable colleague [Mr. Wise] would be re-
ceived by general consent.
Mr. WISE said that he was willing to trust to !
the consciences of gentlemen to decide this ques- '
tion of prima facie evidence, if  the   pledge was
given that it should be decided before a Speaker or >
any other officer was elected.                                    j
Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee  said, that the   j
resolution introduced by the gentleman from Vir- , ¡
ginia, with a slight modification, accorded entirely   >
with his views and wishes, and with the views of ¡!
his friends, so far as he had conversed with them '
upon the subject.   The resolution proposed to pro- I
gress with the call of the members whose seats
were  undisputed, until the States  were   cal'ed
through, and then, without a further organization
of the House, to decide the rights of the several
claimants; so that in the election of the officers tf
the House each State might be fully represented.
This, in his opinion, was all right; but how was j
this trial to be made?    We   have   no   officers
to preside over the deliberations of the  House; :
we   have   no  rules   or   regulations   by   which
the   debate   is   to   be   conducted;  we   have   no ¡
means of ending debate, and he apprehended, if the
resolution was adopted, that so soon as we entered i
upon the examination of the cases from New Jer- [
sey, an interminable debate of some kind would
arise, and weeks would elapse, when we should
find ourselves no nearer'the object we all desire, i
than we are at preser.t.    He therefore suggested to !
the member  hom Virginia   the   propriety of  so '
amending the resolution, as to make the rules and Í
regulations which have heretofore controlled the !
action of Congress, the law of this House until it ¡
was organized.               .                                           |
Mr. J. said he had  but one object in  view__ ¡
to have these d.sputed questions fairly decided by !
a majority of the members of the House, and he
was perfectly willing that it might be done before
the election of the officers of this House.                   !
Mr. WISE hoped that the gentleman from Ten-
nessee would take this resolution as it stood, and
then he could move to adopt rules afterwards.
Mr. HUNT then submitted tha following as a
substitute   for the resolution submitted   by Mr,
Wise:
Resolved, That the House will now proceed tu
elect a temporary Speaker, allowing the members
from New Jersey (producing the evidence given
according to the law of that State) to vote on the
question; that the Speaker thus chosen shall ap-
point none of the committees of the House; that the
Committee of Elections shall be chosen by ballot;
and that, after the question on the disputed seats
shall have been settled by the House, we w ill then
proceed to choose a Speaker for the 2(i'h Congress.
Mr. T1LLINGHAST said the House was just
as competent to adopt rules to govern Us action
after this resolution was adopte.', í:s it was to
adopt this resolution. Then lei the House adopt
this, and th.it will be one step in the business.
Mr. RIVES was pleased that his colleague had
submitted the proposition before the House, aid
he would go for it, if the latter part of it was
somewhat modified! It might turn out that it
wuuld be necessary to refer ihe subject lo the Com-
mittee ff Elections, and it seemed to him. th.it
some difficulty might arise in relation to that mat-
ter, if the resolution was adopted as proposed. He
would be in favor of deciding in the first instance,
as to the formality of the returns, but he thought
it would not be proper for the House to decide as
to who were f ntitled to seats, until the House was
organized, and the matter was sent to a Committee
of Elections, and decided upon in the usual way.
Mr. HOFFMAN agreed with the gentlemin
who last jptke, that the House would find it neces-
sary to send the question to a Counnitt'ee of Elec-
tions; and before that was done, they must proceed
to the election of a Speaker, and go through with
the organization of the House; but he contended
that the five New Jersey members who held t íe
Governor's certificate, were entitled to participate
in the organization of the House. If this body re-
fused them this privilege, it nullified the acts of a
sovereign State. All usage and precedent, he
argued, gave them the right to participate in the
organization, and no body of men had the power
to deprive them of this right. On yesterday, and
the day before, the Clerk had decided that the
House could not entertain an ordinary motion, and
that no question could be put; yet it was now at-
tempted to pass a resolution which would disfran-
chise a sovereign State. He looked upon this a* a
most extraordinary proceeding. It was the most
odious nullification ever presented to the contem-
plation of the people of this countiy. The New
Jersey members were as much entitled to their
seats as any men who presented themselves in this
body. There could be but one safe rule in this
matter; and that was, he who holds he ceitificate,
be it right or be it wrong, is entitled to the the seat
until the House is properly organized. After that,
justice can be done, if it has not been done in the
first instance. He would ask gentlemen whether,
in case these gentlemen were not legally entitled to
their seats, and their votes elected a Speaker of one
party, they might not remove them and elect a new
Speaker. They might do this or do any thing else,
rather than establish the monstrous precedent that
the certificate of a Governor and Council was to be
disregarded in the first instance.
Mr. GRAVES then submitted the following, as
a substitute for both the resolutions before the body:
Resolved, That the acting Clerk of the House
shall proceed with the call of the members from
the different States of the Union, in the usual way,
calling the names of such members from New
Jersey as hold the regular and legal commissions
from the Executive of that State.
Mr. GRAVES spoke at considerable length,
contending that the members from New Jersey,
who held the Governor's certifcate, were entitled
to their seats, and it was not in the power of this
body to prevent them from taking them. He bad
no idea that they should be excluded because five
loafers might see proper to come there and claim
their seats. If the doctrine was assented to, whieh
some gentlemen in the House held, the organiza-
tion of the House might be prevented entirely,
by persons from different States coming for-
ward on the first day of the session and con-
testing the seats of a majority of the mem-
