18
IVHj Urn ifi*l"
"*S^
X£
lies a heirfng Tat alKf According to the argu-
ment* of some gewlemen, it was only ne-
cessary for a gentleman to claim the seat of a
member of flus House and the Clerk was bound
to pass over his name when he arrived at it on the
roéi. - He might put the pase of Barton and Locas
He understood from the newspapeis that there was
a gentleman, by the name of Barton who c'aimed
the seat of Mr. Locas, an I would gentlemen pre-
tend that he was not entitled to hí t seat merely be-
cause this Other gentlematt claimed it? He con-
tended that the course pointed ont by his resolution
was the only «orrect course, and referred to the
argument in the case of Moore and Letcher, and
to other cases, as evidence in support of his view
of the question.
Mr. RANDOLPH next rose to address the
House, when
Mr. VANDÉRPOEL inquired if the gentleman
could fake the floor, having spoken twice already.
The CLERK said, as there were no rules
adopted for the government of the Hóo«e, he did
not feel authorized to prevent the gentleman from
speaking.
Mr. RANDOLPH th n addressed the House at
considerable length. He contended that the laws
or the State of New Jersey had been tully com-
plied With, and that his colleague?, as well as him-
self, had sufficieut evidence to entitle them to their
**ats in the first instance, and that it was not in the
pOwér of the Clerk," or the House, to deprive
them of that right. The law of tne Biaie of New
Jersey Was paramount to the Clertt, and he was
bound to call the names of his colleagues if he per

CONGRESSIONAL GLQ£E.(
assert that this House was made the supreme tri-
bunal by the Constitution of the United States, and
ihat it might take its-own course. He did not pre-
tend to justify this course, or that conree. He as-
serted the power of the House to lake what course
it thought proper. It nvght pass by the great seal
of the State o! New Jersey, if it pleased, as insuffi-
cient evidence, and it was accountable to nobody
but its constituents. t He did not choose to Le re?
presented by any gentleman as having assotred a
position which he did not take, and thererore he
rose to make th>s explanation.
Mr. RANDOLH resumed, and said if that dis-
tinction had not been taken by the gentleman from
South Carolina, it had been taken by some oiher
gentleman. Mr. R. said he placed this matter on
constitutional grounds, and warned gentlemen to
beware how they disregarded their injunctions.
Some gentlemen, in the course of 'heir remarks,
had spoken of him as being entitled to rights and
privileges which his colleagues were not entitled to.
Bui he be?ged leave to say to gentlemen, that he did
not consider himself entitled to any greater privilege
than his colleagues. He had always considered
himself on an equality with them; and when they
bad offered a proposition to their opponents to
resign, and try the matter again before the peopb,
he hsd claimed ihe honor of doing so likewise, and
they were on'y prevented from doing ! o by the ad-
vice of friends. He contended that 'he certificate
of the Secretary of State w,is wholly void, and of
no effect; that that officer hdd no power whatever
tosranta cerfificrte in this case, and that  the
.. -_ -......- ......__.„ in this case,  ....  ......  ...v
____,«6«c«... ..c pt.-    j Ccerk had no right to pa*s over the names of those
formed his duty.   It was their right lo take their      who had the Governor's certificate.
seats in the first instance, and it was not in the     / Mr: ADAMS rose, and addressing himstlf to the
power of the House to go into a ■foil investigation ^ mouse said:
of (he.   ease   nntfl   it Was   nffinxrlu  nraaniWf' on/1    IT       t- ..
of the case until it was properly organized; and
then it must be done up n. petition.   Por a long
time, in the history   of this  Government, thw
House, even after it was organized, wou'd not go
behind the certificate and commission of the mem-
ber.   Por several Congresses this was the law.    in
two cases Congress decided that it woufd not go
behind ihe certificate of a Governor when it Was
made oat m accordance with the laws of the State.
In the case of Spalding and Meafle, from Geor-
gia, there were three counties which did not reach
the Governor until after the lime expired by law,
in consequence of a storm which inerropted these
returns, and when" this case was brought before ¡he
House up^n petition, after its organizaion, the sit-
ting member claimed his seat, because he held the
returns which had been made out according to the
laws of Georgia, and that the House had no right
to go behind the return.   Mr. R. in support of his
position, referred to tne case of Moore antj Le'cher,
and the arguments cf Messrs. Lane, Beardsley,
and Hubbard upon that question.    He also re-
ferred to the case of Claiborne and GhoKon, and
various cases which had occurred in the New Jer-
sey L°gislature, all of which he maintained sup-
ported the position that his colleagues were entitled
to theii seats fit the first instance.   Mr. R. next
replied to the remarks of Mr.^VAKDEM OFL, and
held that his colleagues did not claim  their seats
upon any technicality of the law, but because they
believed they were entitled to them.   They wou d
scorn to claim them upon a mete  technicality.
Mr. R. next replied to the remarks of ibe gentle-
man from South Carolina, who he said had at-
t mpted to draw a dis'inction between the people
and the Government of New Jersey.   He would
ask that gentleman how the people would express
their sovereignty, if they did not do it through their
constituted authorities   There was a time when a
foreign Prince attempted to draw the same distinc-
tion which the gentlemtn had drawn, and   take an
appeal from the Government of this country to the
people.   He would ask that gentleman what hi*
course would be, in case he came here with a com-
mission from the   Governor of  South  Carolina,
under the greal seal of the Siate, and another per-
son came here lo prevent him from participating
in the organization of the House?
Mr. PICKENS rose to explain. Ha did not
pretend to give an opinion with regard jftjhe great
seal. , When that question arose, he would be pre-
ytftf Iwdcwkif opon its merits.    He meant to
Fellow-citizens and members elect of the Twen-
ty-siz¡h Congress: I address myself to yon, and not
to the Clerk in that chair, under a painful sense
of tnv own duty.   The Clerk, in the performance
of cnícíal duties assigned to him by the laws of the
United S'ates, commenced reading the roll of the
members here assembled for ihe purpose of consti-
tuting a House of Representatives of the United
States in the Twenty-sixth Congress.  After calling
the roll, commencing with the State of Maine, as
far as the State of New Jer-ey, and the members
whose names he called having answered—ascer-
ta ning their preser.ee here—he paused alter calling
the name of one Of the members from New Jersey,
and s'atfd to the House  that the seats of the five
other members from New Jersey were contested;
that he, deeming himself not authorized to decide
which of the two parties of five members were
entitled to seats, must refer that decision to the
House; and then immediately, or shortly after-
wards, a question arose, and the proposition being
presented to the House, he again, in the discharge
of a solemn duty, declared that he could not put a
question to the H"use till it was organized.   Now,
iellow-citizens, I am reduced to the necessity of
eppealing to you.   Your Clerk has decided that
he could not proceed; he refers the decision to you,
and then he refuses to put the que 'ion in  order
that you may make the decision; and has persisted
in the refusal to put a qu< slioh of any kind until
he discovered yesterday that he might put the qass-
tjon of  sdj< urhment.    Now, fe low-citizens, in
what predicament are we placed?   We are fixed
here as firm and as immoveable as those columns;
we .can neither go forward nor backward; and
the Clerk teJJs us that he will persist in both
these decisions.   What, then, can we do?   I have
waited here four days with a firm determination
not to enter into this controversy.    It was with a
firm determination not lo say one word on the sub-
ject, that I remained in my seat until now.    At
the la-st session of Congress, foreseeioz what might
hippen, 1 offered a resolution to this House for ihe
purpose of preventing the difficulty in which we
are involved; but that resolution  was not adopted,
and the difficulty thai I then foresaw his overtaken
."*•._ For many reasons I had deteimined not to say
one  word on the subject before us, and I should
still persist in that d>- termination if I did not find it
impossible for ibe House to proceed one step until
relieved  from  its  present embarrassment.   We
might stay here until doomsday, and not be one-
step nearer to our organization than we now are,
unless we adopt some mode of relieving ourselves
from  the difficulty in which the decision of the
Clerk has placed us.   Now, all this is very extra-
ordinary.   Ilere is a body of raen assembled from
the twenty-six States of the Union—a more com-
plete representation than ever was assembled here
before—and here we are under the solemn convic-
tions of duty, and yet without form or order, and
unable to progress oi.e step towards the discharge
of the public business.   The Clerk  has  told  us
that he acted under the solemn convictions of duty,
and Í concede that he has.   I do not even question
whether that sense of duty was correctly applied,
but I do say  ih*t he has placed  us in a posi-
tion in  which  we also  have   solemn  duties  to
perform.    Now,   what   are   we   to do?      This
complete   representation  of   the   people   of   the
United Slates has assembled here, and the Con-
stitution   nas   enjoined   upon   it a solemn  duty.
What is ii?   To   organize itself.   If there is any
difficulties in effecting this, organization, let us do
what Mr Jefferson has told usUhe General Assem-
bly of the State of Virginia did; when Lord  Dun-
more dissolved them.   They adjourned to a lavern,
and there   constituted th-msclves a   convention.
This might be deemed irregular; bat I do think
that, on the fourth day of the session, in a state of
disorganization, it is rather late to   make any ob-
jecti' n on the ground of irregu'arity.   I address
myself lo you, fellov-citizens, and call upon you
in the name of the people of the United States, to
discharge   your duty.    Organize yourselves, and
when   that is   done, you can take  up and decide
questions as   you  heretofore  have done.    I   call
upon the whole House.   I call upon the majority
which composes it to proceed to its organization.
We have recently been told, in the official organ of
the present Administration,that there is a majority—
settins; aside the members from New Jersey,   or
counting them—'.hat there is a majority of friends
of the Administration elected to the present   Con-
gress.   And not only has the organ ¡itated that fact,
but he mentions the precise number—one hundred
and twenty-one members, and every one of them
is here present.   Now I call upon that one hun-
dred and twenly-one to organize the  House.    I
call upon  them ia the name of their country—I
will not say in the name of the Administration, for
-1 have not a right lo invoke it; but I call upon
them in the name of the people of ihe United
Stales to organize the House; and I offer, for that
purpose, to this assemblage, the following resolu-
tion  which lies opon the table of your Clsrk,
and  which,  like  all othei resolutions  that have
been   placed  there,  lies  in  the  limbo   valley,
the paradise of fooR   We may go on ad infini-
tum,   to   th<s  end   of   time,   laying resolutions
on the Clerk's table, and he will not put the ques-
tion on oneof them. WecannotcontTol the Clerk.
He is, in the position which he has assumed, an ab-
solute despot; and unless you set aside all his de-
cisions, and act for yourselves, yru will  not be
able to advance one step.   Tt.is resolution which I
now offer, was oftVted yesterday by a gentleman
from Rpntucky, [Mr. Graves,] (and a number of
resolutions have been offered since,) but it is  in
the same condition in which all the rest of them,
; are.
Mr. A. here read the resolution 5n iht following
words:
Resolved, That the Acting Clerk of this House
shall proceed with the call of the members from
the different States of the Union in the usual way,
calling the names of such members from New
Jersey as hold the reenlar and legal commissions
from the Executive of that State.
Mr. GRAVES heie suggested to the gentlen an
from Massachusetts that the res< lution would need,
some modification. Having understood from a
fr.cnd that the Clekk was willirg to proceed with
the call or the roll if it was the will of the majority
of the H Mise that he should do so, he addressed a
letter to him ,-n the subject, which he would now
read, with the Clerk's answer:
"House op Rkpresektativfr,
«   „                             "Dec- s  1B39-
"Hugh A. Garland, Esq : If a majority of the
members whose «eats are uncowroverted signify
