CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
ztX
in writing'tlretr desire -that yon proceed regularly
with the call of the New Jersey members holding
commissions from the Executive of that Slat?, will
yon conform to that expression 11 their will!
"Respectfully,
"W, J. GRAVES."
To this note Mr. Garland returned Ihe follow-
ing reply:                           >
"For Mr. Graves: If a majority of the members
whose seats are ooconir>verled signify in writing
their desire thai I shall proceed with ihe call of
ihe roll made in the conscientious regard to my
duty  and that I shall then present to the House
the testimony in cot  ested cases, T will then pro-
ceed. I hope Mr. Graves will see the necessity ol
my proceeding in.this- way, and that he will appre-
ciate my motives ia adhering to that coarse. I ho-
nestly believe that to be the only course I can take;
I most solemnly aver to him that I believe no party
advantage can be taken in that course; and that
«one such is intended, on my part.
"Respectfully,
<'H.A.GA*MKD. 
So that his friend from Massachusetts, Mr.
Graves continued, would see that it- be, or any
member of the House, should ask the Clerk fo
proceed/with the call of the roll, and it should be so
desired by a. majority of, the undisputed members
present, he will not consent to it, but will * p<oceed
only jvith tht- roll "wh'ch he has made oat in the
conscientious di^at$é of tedsity."            >   . ;
Mr. ADAMSccBtimjed.   I am under theneces-
sity of appealing 10, yoa, 'fellow-citizens, to set
aside the decisions of the ClERtr and act fot your-
selves.   In making this proposition, I have ho .re-
ference to the ClrmC     l propose that ihe House
fihall   act in  whatever (orm it pleases; it „ mtiy
choose a temporary Clerk, or not, as it thinks pro-
per.    I put this questica  to -the majority of tne
Jiotrse.   It is their duty to orgaaze it; and there-
fore they ought,  as a preliminary step, to  pot
themselves in such a situation that no decision of
the Clerk «an force upon the Ho\ *e an organiza-
tion in the manner he dictates.     The lloare may
set aside the Clerk, but it is net forced to obey his
de#potical dictates.     I make no objection to Ihe
Clerk himself.     I speak o ily of his acts asd the
position in which ha has placed us, which makes it
impossible for us to come to any decision upon any
proposition that may be made.   I effer this resolu-
tion in its present form, becau.-e it was laid on
yoor table, and year Cl-rk will not put the ques-
tion ©nit.   I appeal to the House, from the de-
cision of the Clerk, to act for itself.     If any g*n-
' thraian present does not like the resolution, let bisa
propose an amendment to it; and let the Hause
decide both on it aid the amendment     I wish to
we what is the will of the majority.   The Clerk,
by his decision, makes it impossible for «s to «a^-
certain that will, through his agency, and I there-
fore wish to ascertain it directly from the Heuse.
I «ail upon this House in the first place to save us
front the evi'sentailed upon as by the decision of
«he Clerk. , We may be here a whole week, ay,."'
a whole moats, in our present situation, tfnless1 we,
devise some mode by which we can be relieved"
from it.    I ask, if it is creditable to this House,
that we shall consume farther time-in perfect'y
idle, useless debate, becanse the Clerk has placed
ns i* a  situation   in   which  no  question can
be put.     Now,  I  am wilting that the Clerk
shall be he'd responsible to the people of the
United  States for  the   four days of the time
of   this   House   that   have   been   wasted - in
idle, unprofitable debate,, upon questions that he
will not put.     I say that he is responsible for the
waste of time that he has aireadv occasioned; but '
now this House itself wjjl.be respottsiblfij^r ^njr..
farther waste of time*., 1 will-go fui ilierTancf say
that the one hundred and   twenty-one members
which have been set down as friends of the Admi-
n-siraiion, are responsible to the people  of the
country, if ire organization of the body far .the
despatch uf the public business is not forthwith com-
pleted. I say that if there is a majority of this Honse
determined to set aside the five members fiom New
Jersey who have produced their credentials  pre-
cisely m the same form with those produced by the
member from that Stat , whose name the Clerk
Ju-
lias called—if the majority of this Hou^e will say
that those members shall not be permitted to sit,
why íet it say so, arid that majority will be respon-
sible to the country and the world for such decision.
Now,,! believe, that they cannot say sp; and in my
private opinion, I beltcve that it is the righls of the
people of New Jersey that are involved. I say no-
thing about the Governor of the State,nor any por-
tion of the State,hut Ihe people. These five men
came herewith the, authority 6f the Constitution
and the laws dtclaring them to be the representa-
tives of the Stale of New Jersey; and the laws and
Constitution of the United States, and the laws of
the State of New Jersey, declare that no other evi-
dence of -membership than that produced by them
shall be received here. Now I say that these men
came here presenting that evidence; that one of
them has Leen, received as a member, and if you
refuse to receive the others, then, it. ¡a, not those
members that you turn out of the, House,
but the sovereign people. oí New Jersey.
Whoever may finally,, and after proper inves-
tigation^.te.ditertriined torbe the trite and law-
ful Jlepres-eii'aúves from . New Jersey, these
five arc the present Representatives, and you can-
t'.ot-depri.VB.tyent oftheir, teats without outraging
jhe people of ihcir State. If.yon,,say that ibey
"fchaJl not,!)  reeeivgdjit is the people, they come to
represent whoni yon uj-:ct,, and whom you d  prive
of five-sixths oí theit\. representation* Now I Jjave
b:ard about an hñack on tha rights, of the peo-
ple of New, Jersey; and have heard it stated that
Riereis a^OTlfstiüéj"ween the people, of New Jéi-
•\ey oh "tne ¿tie hann^ and the Governor and "Corn-
ell on the other. \""?hy, that Governor aid Council
' represent the people ol New Jersey;'andTit must be
b(-rne jn,mind,that.,'ong after these contested elec-
tions took, place, and long after the Governor and
Cnunc.il decided'who "were the persons duly elect-
edjt!)ty have been ca'led upen to pronounce sen-
tence, upon 'th* correctntss, of this .decision, and
they have di'T.e so by re-electing, this.^veiy Go-
vernor and Council by .whom it «a,- given. .My
honorable friehdWer the way, \Mt. VANDERPr/fct,.^
who intends fo offer art, amendment to the resolu-
tion Í have submitted, in" \hjs ardent appeals to this
Housie in fiver of the.s'acicd rights of the people of
New^ Jersey^ proposes,fin the very act of nattering
thrm, to* takeaway their rights; for if theraembers
Trota New Jersey are not called, Unpeople of tliat
State will be .deprived of their rights  and fivé-
sixths of their Voice wilFbe'.soppressed in the im-
portant proceeding of organizing this body. The
appeals of the gentleman in favor of *e right  of
the people, ami.his manner of shewing his r*g*rd
for them, put me in mind of a story 1 have read
in the Bible, where a man goes up to anoihei and
iffectionately asks, "Art thou in health, my
brother," and then stabs him. wider the fifth rib.
Now the manifestations, of love and reipect are
very various. I profe$ ^o,^vef(s;mnicl , love, and
respect for *he rights of the people as my friend
from New York, who I understand is to be one
of the leaders of this Honse, and therefore 1-speak
of him with great respect and deferepce; but his
mode of showing love and respect for the rights of
the people, is to take away tbeir rights, while mine
is to use* my best endeavors to prevent their being
.deprived of them; and as I cannot give them a
double representation onubis floor, which the Cua-
stitnlton does not allow, I will give them that repre-
sentation which the evideoce of their, eons ituted
authorities thows to be the true one. Mr* A. then
submitted the resolution which he had previously
""ud. .     „,         ,    '     ...           ''..i--:.;.-
Mr. MERCER suggested,,to bis friend from
Massachusetts, that the'«amedifficulty would again
.occur of putting the questiottoa tlws resolution.
Mr. ADAMS said he was willing to wait awhile
to see what amendments gentlemen might propose
to-the resolution. He then proposed to put the
questions to the House himself. He protested,
against the Clerk's putting any question.
Mr. EHETT asked of the Clerk if he had de-
tfrrained that^he could not put questions to the
House? ..
The CLERK proceeded to slate that the Clerk
oí tha House, ot~ Representatives, in accordance
with na« .u$*gf-,\as compelled to make oat a rol]
oribe members of the26th Congress, to the test of
his knowledge and ability, and under his own re-
sponsible sense ef duty. Utider that conviction,
he bad made out a roll on certain principles, which
appeared 10 him to be true. Those principles he
had not been permitted to state. He had not been
allowed to explain the grounds upon which he had
acted in performing, according to his sense of duty,
Ihe delicate charge which had been forced upon
him. This first part ot his duty being performed,
he had, at the appointed hour of ]§, proceeded,
also according to usage, to call the roil. His duty
was, when the roll was called, and a quorum was
present, to pat to the House all questions arising
up to the time of the election of Speaker. All this
the Clsrk came prepared ts do. In the call of the
roll he was arrested------
[Very loud cries of "no! no ! jon were not ar-
rested."]
.The CLERK proceeded: A'qnorum had not been
ascerttined. The Clerk then, of course, could
not proceed fuither until the House had deter-
mined in tin ir own mode what was a quorum, and
who were ent-tled to vote or not to vote. Unques-
t'onably a quorum was present; there might be
many more-—there might be gentlemen who were
hot entitled to sit here. The Clerk, then,"did th%t
Which. he was bound to do—he took the roll as his
gu'de.
If re had ppt a question, and a division by
tel'ers had been called for, what would have been
the resultf .Those in the. affirmative would hfcve
passed throuüh the teller , and ihe number would
have been taken down;.thin those who voted in the
iregaiive wpnJd have passed through the tellers, and
the nD^bec/.taken' down. Upon (be fcnunc'talion
of the vote, ft (night haveap*pe|re"d"that>heré were
two hundred at.d lorty-sevrn vo'tésfmore^ote^trVan
members of this House. The voté would be en-
tirely lost, which ever way it went, or the Clerk
would be cpmpdled^lp take opon himself a re-
sponsibly which does flól belong to him; and
which he hid beíoré endeavored to avoid, id tle-
)cide betwrea confl.cting claims to the same seats.
fThe Clerk was again interrupted by'Mr. Stak-
lt . whOprose tp put to. the Clerk'the fpllowihfc
intirroya'lorv: "Who arrested you?]
The CLERK. Whether the ClirkT wjfs atTest-
éi ornot,is malter.i^.rwctnaukratkm; he was not
allowed to g#t;.g lrfiuA, his rol^ or (o determine
what, was a qi^tfl^qf rae J-ídifeé'. He was pre-
vented from performing that duty-* The gentlemen,
present might act one. way, or tM P|hef—they
nvght organize themselves, ais was. doné In the first
jCongrrss. He. could not now put questions a*
Clerk of the House, but, if it was the p'easnfefof
the House, he could pot questions as chait mal  of
the meeting. ,.".-,•-",.
, Mr. ,RH ETT ihén offered a resolution that Ltwts
^.WitLUMS^ the oldest member of toe Hoose, be
appointed Chaitnnan. of this ,m«fling BtUil the
.House should be organised.   ...
Mr. WILLJAMS objected fo tfie inlroduciidiiof
the resolution. Hi thought Jrjey, cpnld have q(óei-
tions put if the Clerk would ohly do his doty as
all other Clerks of the House -had done, pésktes,
if it was competent to pnt the question «n this
resolution:, it was also competent to put ihe qties^
tion qn the resoluúon of, the gentleman ftom Mas-
sachusetts which preceded it.
Mr. UNDERWtOD a^ted of the CttRaffKe
would be willing to put a^question, if a Wajoritjr of
members present desired jií
Mr. GARLAND stated that he was willing to
put questions if it was the will of the House that
he should do so,              , ,. __--
Mr. U N DERWOOD then ¿sited tné Clérk to
pnt the-queMiotton the resolution sabmiited by him.
Several voices- were "heard crying "Nol no!"
and much confusion prevailed at the time.      ,
Mr. THOMPSON efrSouth Cixolina sabojitied
to the House, that sooner or later they must ad«'pt
the resolut on just orTertd by bis colJeagoe, [Mr.
Rhett ] as it would be impossible for them ever to
o.ganizn without some proceeding of the kind.
The objection of the gentleman from Nsrth Caro-
lina, that there was a reaolution that had prece-
dence, could only apply in regularly organised bo-
dtea, «acre P«tltMB«n*iy " les could be observed,
