20
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and did not apply to this meeting, which was yet in
* state of cti«oreani«tion.
Mr. RHETT then   varied his  motion, so as
to call Mr. AbaMs to the Chair, instead of Mr.
Williams, and puiting the question himself to the
. meeting it was carried, and Mr. Adams took the
Chair.
Much confusion and noise being heard in the
galleries and some hissing,
Mr. THOMPSON of Sooth Carolina said, that
he announced to the galleries that if there was the
slightest interruption to the business of the rare! tag,
he would call on the President fur a military force
to preserve order.
On motion of Mr. MERCER,
Oríkrtá, That the Rules of the last House of Re-
presentatives be adopted for the government of the
proceedings of this meeting.
Mr. WISE then moved that the acting Clerk
be . directed to call the members of the House, in-
cluding, ia such call, the members from New
Jersey, who have the certificates of the,Governor of
that State that they are elected as Representatives
of the Twenty sixth Congress.
Mr JOHNSON of Tennessee moved an adjourn-
Mr. JENIFER called for the yeas and nays,
bat withdrew the call afterwards.
Mr.PETRlKEN renewed the call for the yeas
and najs, and was sustained by several voices.
Mr. BRIGGS said that, as the rules of the last
House of Representatives had been adopted, the
yeas and nays must be called at the desire of one-
fifth of the members present; bnt there was one dif-
ficulty in the way, the roll of the Clerk was not
completed, and, therefore, the yeas ana nays could
not be called.
Several gentlemen calling for ihe appointment of
telUrs, lo count the ayes and noes on the question
of adjournmsnt, Messrs. Joinson of Tennessee and
Da vies were appointed by Ihe Chair, and th  mem-
ber  severally passing between them, they r*por ed
that, there were for the adjournment J03, and
'against H 90—so
-   The CHAIR announced thai the Bouse'was
Adjourned.                      .     '    '
IN SENATE,
Friday, December 6, 183d'.         ""    '
Mr. 5PENCE appeared in his seat this"mbrtting.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the credentials of the
Hon. Samuel S Phelps, elected by the Legislature
of the State of Vermont, a Senator from that State
for six years from the 4tb of March last, which
were read.
The usual oath was then administered to Mr.
PHELPS, aed he took bis scat in ihe Senate.
Mr. BENTON gave notice that, at the earliest
day in which it would be in order to do so, he
would ask leave to introduce the following bills:
. ,1. A bill to provide for the armed occupation
and settlement of that part of Florida which i«
now overrun and invested by marauding bands of
hostile Indians.
2. A bill to define and establish the southern
boundary line of the Territory of Iowa.
Mr. DAVIS .gave notice that, at the earliest
day ¡a which it would be ¡n order to do ¿o, he
wonld ask leave to introduce the following bill:
Bill to remit such duties, and to cancel such
bonds, as have been required of persons engaged in
th* whale fishery, to restrain all future exactions
of duties of such vessels and their cargoes.
On motion,                                                   f'
The Senate adjourned.
„     ' HOTJSE OF REPRESENTATIVE*
FridaT, December 641839.    j
At twelve o'clock, Mr. ADAM , appointed yes-
terday the Chairman pro («nrporlof the/meeting,
called the House to order; when   \        /
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose, and ifsked rthe jour-
nals were to be read before proceeding to busi-
ness.                                            '
- The CHAIR replied that the ru wt ar the House
iréqnired that, not only the journal o\jJle preceding
day should be read, bnt the journal of each dty's
proceedings sisee the coromeneement of the session.
Ti* Cms Ibes ittd the journals; after wlwo,
Mr. WISE rose, and proposed to correct the
journal, so that it might appear that the Clerk had
n fused to put questions to the House, and that it
was in consequence of this refusal that the House
had been compelled to appoint a Chairman pro
tern. Mr, W. then submitted an amendment to the
journal of last Monday, to show that the Clerk
had refused to put any question to the House.
Mr. DUNCAN de-ired, if the journal was
amended, that the whole truth nvght be told. The
Clerk had dfstietly stated that, if it was the plea-
sure of the Honse, he would put questions. Let
this be put upon the journal also.
Mr. BRIGGS then proposed to amend Mr. WV,
motion—"the Clerk stated that hs did not feel
himself authorized to put any question to the mem-
bers present, and a motion being made to adjourn,
the Clerk decided he could not put that motion to
the House."
Mr. WISE accepted this as a modification.
Mr. DROMGOOLE submitted, whether, in fair-
ness to the Clerk, this motion ought not to be
varied. The Cleric had stated that, in his opinion,
he could not put questions until a quorum of
members were ascertained to be present. This
was the ground taken by the Clerk, and he
thonght, in perfect fairness, that this ought to be
stated in the proposed amendment to the journal.
Af.er a few remarks by Mr. CUSHING,
Mr. DROMGOOLE proposed the follouing as a
substitute for Mr. Wi-e's amendment:
"The Clerk having declared that under the
present imperfect stage of the organization of th:
House, no quorum having answered to their
names, and there being no rules for the government
of the body, he did not feel, under "these circum-
stances, authorized to pat any question to the mem-
bers, except by general consent.
"A motion was ihereupon made to adjourn. The
Clerk decided that he could not submit that mo-
tion to the House."
Mr. WISE accepted this as a modification of
his motion; which was agreed to by ihe House.
Mr. WISE ihen moved the following amend-
ment to the journal of Tuesday, which was con-
sidered and agreed to:
" A motion being made to adjourn, the Clerk
decided that he could not put that question to the
HouserMr. Cdshing, of Massachusetts, objected
to the Clerk declaring the House adjourned
without a vote of the House."
• Mr. WISE then /mp7ed ths following amend-
ment to the journal of-Wednesday, which was con-
sidered and adopted:
" A motion made to adjourn, the Clerk stated
that he was now of opinion that he could submit a
motion to adjourn, bat could submit no other mo-
tion."
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON then moved the follow-
ing amendment to the journal of Thursday, which
was considered and adopted:
"Mr. Rnirr asked the Clerk if he would pat
questions id the House? To which the Clerk re-
plied, be Would put no question except to adjourn,
but said, with the consent of the House, he Wonld
put questions as chairman of a meeting ef gentle-
men present, but not as Clerk ofthe House of ihe Re-
presentatives, if instructed to do so by the members
present;' when
"Mr. W. C Johnson objected to his acting as
chairman."
The CHAIR then stated that the questing pend-
ing was on the resolution of Mr. Wise, that the
Acting Clerk be directed to call the members of
the House, includip , in such call, the members
fro«¡ New Jersey who have the ceitincates of Gov.
Pennington.
Mr. RHETT then rose and stated that, before
he sat down, he intended to make a motion to lay
the resolution cf the gentleman from Virginia  n
the table, for the purpose of offering the following
resolution:
Rttobtd, That the House will proceed to cill
the names of gentlemen whose rights to seats are
not disputed or contested, and after the names of
such members are called, and before a Speaker is
elected; they shall, provided there be a' quorum of
socb present, then bear and adjudge upon the
elections, returns, and qualifications of all claimants
to the seats contested on this floor.
This resolution was substantial'y the resolution
offered by the Chairman [Mr. Adams] at the last
session of Congress; it was substantially the reso-
lution proposed the other day by the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise]; it was substantially the
resolution proposed yesterday by the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. Underwood]; and it was
also substantially the first motion made upon
the subject before the House by the oiher
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Rives.] It would
thus appear, that the course which this resolution
proposes we should pursue, was no invf ntion of
his, but the result of able minds from different parts
of the House in their search for truth and justice.
The resolution proposes partiality to none, and in-
jury to the claims of none. It put both sets of claim-
ants upon precisely the fame fooling; while giving the
members 'whoso qualifications were unquestioned
their seats, a tribunal was established, by which
the claims of the contestants could be determined.
The case, the whole cas.e, so far as the papers on
your table contain it, (as in the case of Moore and
Letcher,) will then be read, and laid tefore ihe
House; and which ever way we determined, it could
not be said that we acted unfairly, by deluding
the testimony and the grounds by which either
party claim their seats. The resolution of the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] if adopted,
would give the gentlemen from New Jersey who
claim under the Governor's commission their
seats, without the House having heard a sin-
gle word of the testimouy and credentials by
which their constituents affirm that they are en-
titled lo them. Is this fail? Will the country deem
it fair? Right or wrong, is it decent, or even poli-
tic, to force them away without granting then a
hearing? It did appear to him, situated as we are,
11 that the only equitable or honorable course was such
'', as the resolution he offereJ proposes. Gentlemen
II must know that there is no precdent precisely
S in point to guide us, and they ought to meet this
;! question in a spirit of compromise and accommo-
dation. All that is asked is, to consider the whole
matter as presented by the contesting parties.
Do not consider a part. What can be gained?
Might not a great deal be lost by such a
course, so revolting to the most obvious dictates of
equity? It is not to be presumed that gentlemen
would claim seats upon this floor without a perfect
conviction of the validity of their claims; and it
was that they should be satisfied, and the country
be satisfied, that we had carefully examined, and,
to the best of our ability, determined, who, in this
preliminary state, should take the seals belonging
to New Jersey, and assist in the permanent orga-
nization of the House, that he proposed hi* resolu-
tion. He moved that the resolution of the gentle-
man from, Virginia should lie on the table.
Mr. R. concluded by moving that the resolution
of the gentleman from Virginia be laid on the
table.
Mr. MERCER appealed to Mr. Rhett lo with-
draw the motion, but Mr. R. declined doi g so.
Tellers being called for,
The CHAIR appointed Messrs. DROMGOOLE
and BRIGGS tellers.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose, and stated that be had.
been called upon by the Chairman to (ischarge a
duty, and he wished to know how that duty was to
be discharged. H« was informed ihat there were
elevengenlemen on this floor, all claiming to re-
present the State of New Jersey, when that State
was only entitled to six members; and who of these
members was he to count when the House was
divided. He would not take upon himself to say
which of them should not vote, and if he had to
act in the capacity of a teller, he would eount them
all.
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Adams) here stated to
the House what he conceived to be the rule. He
conceived ihe rule to be, that Ihe persons who pre-
sented the evirleEce required by the Constitution of
the United Siate*, and the laws of the State of
New Jersey, were entitled to %it and vote in the
House until deprived from tlo>ng fo by the act of
the Honse. This was his opinion, and he ex-
pressed it witb more confidence, because be bad de-
