CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
dared it before he was p'aced by a vote of the
House in the chair he now occupied.
Mr. VANDEPOEL appealed from this decision
of the Chair, and siid the question would then
arise whether ihe gentlemen from New Jer-ey
would vole in their own case. Mr. V. would like
to know whether the Chairman had been appointed
for the purpose of usurping to himself the power
of deciding the very question which had been
agitating thus body for ihe la-t three or four days.
Was this Chairman appointed for any such pus-
pose as this-? He apprehended not. He would
respectfully appeal from the decision of the Chair,
and then we would see whether ihese eentlemcn
wonld claim lo vote, or be permitted to vt te in
their own case. If so, he would say that it would
be not only an unprejedenied, but a shocking
spectacle.
Mr. WISE inquired if this appeal was debata-
ble?
The CHAIR decked that it was.
Mr. RHLTT ¡hen called the attention of the
Chair and the House to the thirty-fourth rule of
the House, which had been adopted for ihe govern-
ment of the body, in the following word*: "No
member lAuii vote on any question in the tvtnt 0/
vkUh he is itmntdialcly or ¡tartieuiirly inttns'id "
Mr. R. made it a point to the Chair whether,
under this rale, the members from New Jersey
conld rete.
The CHAIR considered that this rule did not
apply to the present case, because it was not the
members from New Jersey, but their constituents
who were interested.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina held that
the members from New Jen-ey, who had the Go-
vernor's certificate, we;e entitled to vo'e in their
own case, and that it was not in the power of ihe
House lo deprive them of that right.
Mr. STANLY replied to ihe remarks made
by Mr. Vanderpoei.. He had no idea that the
members from New Jersey should be deprived
from voting on what was called here their own
case. He would leave it to their own good sense
to say wbeiher they would vole upon it or not,
bui he hoped they would not dec ine voting on ac-
count of any false delicacy. If they declined
voting on this case, he held that they would not ex-
hibit ihe same sprit which animated the Jerseymen
of the lit volution. If tbey did not maintain their
rights here, which were guarantied to them by the
Constitution of the United States, and the laws of
New Jersey, they would be unworthy of the confi-
dence of the people of New Jersey.
Mr. ERiGGS contended that it was not a usur-
pation oh the 7art of the Chair in deciding who
were ent tied to vote from the S ate o! New Jersey.
Tne Cha"* hid answered t'.e question of the gen-
tleman Irom Virginia as he was bound to do, and
he had answered it in stnct aic id anee with the
Constitution and the laws Toe Chairman had
not usurped tho> powers 0! the House, because he
had merely deciitd that which he was bound to
decide, and which he could not e.-cape Irom de-
ciding, namely, that the five members from New
Jersey who had he evidence of their right 10 seats
under the Constitute n and ihe laws, were entitled
lo vote on the present q-ifstion.
Mr. GRANGER replied lo the remarks of Mr.
Vanokrpjkl, contending that those who had the
ceri.ficates of the Governor of New J- r-*y were
entitled to all the itslns and privileges ol mem-
bers of the House umh| the r case was examined
by a Comra.ttee of Elections, and decided upon by
the H >u~e. Mr. G. then itf rr d to ¡he case, ot
Allen snd Fellows in the New Y.ik Legislature,
contending that it was p;tci cl> Mm lar lo tí e pre-
sent case, an! sta'irg thtt, a  tint lime, the atcr-
ney general of (he fcoa'e rf New Yoik held hie
same opin-on that IV gent'eiiun «ho held tiie
certificate was en i led to his seat, and he u ok his
seat and p itic¡pa"d 111 the basme<-s of the Hou-e
DBtil the Conm-ttee  f Elections decided asaiust
him, although by his vote aU ne the party in power
held the rrep'mderance.
Air. CRAIG thought they vcre becoming more
involved in (linlcalfei every s'tp. Let n-, turn at
we pleased, there was a stiimbhrg l.'ock in our
way.    He thought the proper mode ol proceeding
would be to settle the  question  ol right.   Let us  i
have all (he evidence presented to us, and then ve  ¡
can decide upon it according to the laws and the
facts.    We might as «ell hear all Ihe evidence in
the case, and then decide it, for  to that we would
' have to come at last.
Mr. WISE thought if his colleague was ready
to decide this question now, he was one of the most
powrful and extraordinary ju'ges who had ever
decided on any question in tin* country.
Mr. CRAIG stated that he had not said that he
1 was ready to decide on the question now. T.ie
course of proceeding he had suggested was to ex-
] amine the evidence first, and then decide; and the
I sooner that course was ad tpteJ, the better it
I would* be.
Mr. WISE contended that they had no right to
; examine into any thins further than the piima facie
evidence under the Constitution and the law*, and
i  that it was not competent for the body  at the pre-
¡ sent time to enter into su-h an examination of the
I  question as was suggested by I is colleague.   The
I House must first  be organized, and the members
í s-vorn, before they can enter upon the discharge of
1 so important a judicial  investigation as the one  1
| proposed by his colleague.   The  members from"" 1
I New Jersey had exhibited to the House prima Jade
I evidence of right, and could not be dep;i ved of Ihe  '
ptivilege of voting  opon every question   which
might ariíe.
Mr. W. said they  had now got back into the
i   position to which he had predicted on Monday last   1
1   they must come; that was, that the presiding officer    I
j   must decide the question.    He had told the Cuius    '
at that time that he would be bound to decide ihe
i question as to who was entitled  to rights on  thai
j floor from New Jersey, and the Clerk had only
, escaped from making this decision by declaring
j tliat   he   conld   make   no   decision.     The pre-
t sent   Cha;rman, however, had decided the ques-
| tion,   and     this    had   fulfilled    his    prediction
¡ that   it   must   be   decided    by    the   presiding
¡ officer of the body.   The Clerk had decided that
1 he ciuld put no question  10 the House, and  the
House, from the l«w of necessity, was compelled to
put some person in the Chair who would put ques-
tions, and when the gentleman from Massachusetts
declared that he would put the question to the body,   ,
1   hope rose wilhtnhim,andhesawthatihe House was
1   about to be relieved from its embarrassments. Mr.
'   W. proceeded to comment upon the course of pro-
ceeding,  at sone   length, and concluded  by  eu-
logizing the conduct of the C-airman for his efforts
' to bring about an orsranizition of the House.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS   observed, that he
was very reluctant to take any part in this- debate,
for he was sen&ible that very little Rew could be said   j
by any b >dy on the subject; but yet  he could not
I   sit tamely by and see it decided that the claimants
j   to seats from New Jersey should dispose of a qaes-
1   turn in which ihey are personally in'rrested.    Re-    ,
I   fore he proceeded to trest of this quest,on of on'er,
I   he hoped he might be pt milted,  as latitude had
'   been a'iowed to others, to say a few words looking
1   to the merits of this controversy.    It has been said
j' from one side, that this H u^e has no evidence in
li its po.ses'ion by which the truth of the certificates
'j ot the Governor of N;w Jersey, to the five ineji-
I,  ben "Alio claim seats unJe" i', can be controvtrted.
l'  Now, said Mr. T. is ihat the fac ?    Is ¡t true '.hat
ij this House is not  advised of matter's justify.n¿ a
j r í'sunce, in llnine,  to  the   rights claimed  un-
'I der   thee certificates.     Have we   not   that   be-
" lore ns  which   should make an upright and im-
partial judge  refuse to decide the question in favor
I   of tho^e who claim under ihe Governor's ceit.fi. ate,
!   u'itil he was examined fur¡h°i?     Is theie a uieni-
I   ber lure who does nut   know that  there are fActs,
1   not on the face of the ceitihcates, which arenu'e-
,   nal to the truth of this  issue Í    I> it not notorious
I that a majority of the  popular vole of New Jersey
jl was given to the five gentlemen who came here as
1    Representatives from   thatStite who have not the
1 certificates of the Goveino''     Hal not the Gover-
!   nor of New Jersey himself adm tttd this in his se-
veral messages?
Mr. GRAVE! rose 10 a q-rstion ?f«i<l< r.   The
j gen'Iemen was debating the  rues its of the question
as to the elections in New Jersey, which was not
before the House.
Mr. T. said that, if the gentleman would
permit him lo go on, he would show that in th.8
nature cf the mam question was to be found
y roof ih*t the gentlemen are interested in the deci-
sion of the question now before us, and are, there-
fore, under the rule, precluded from voting. I put
it to this House, Mr. T. said, if w* have not be-
fore us facts which should make us all pause if we
would do justice. I would give the seats to neither
party for ihe present. But have we not the evi-
dence of the Governor himself, that the five gentle-
men to whom he gave his ceiuficates did not, and
that Ihe other five gtntlemen did, receive a liiajou-
ly of the popular void Did not the Governor, in
the labored argument he made on the occasion, ex-
press his regret that ihe technicalities of the New
Jersey laws prohibited him from deng justice to the
gentlemen wno hada majority of the popular vote,
and console himself with the belief that the Con-
gress of Ihe United States, who would be bound
by no such restrictions, would, < n hearing the evi-
dence, award to them their seats? Besides this
evidence of the Governor of New Jersey himself,
what other testimony is before us entitled to consi-
deration? We have ihe certificate of the Secretary
of State ef New Jersey, verified by the broad seal
of the State, that he has in his office a tile of Ihe
original poli books of the elections, by which it
appears that these same gentlemen,whom this House
is called on to exclude, received a majority of the
popular vole.
Mr. T. saTd he knew that it had been averred
that illegal votes were given in the two election
districts, the returns of which were suppressed,
which, if deducted from the whole number of
votes given, would leave a majority of votes in
favor of those to whom the Governor awarded Ihe
certificates. Eut, said Mr. T. the Governor him-
self, in the statement he ha* given, never said one
word about illegal votes, and thai is not now the
question.Jbefore the House. We are not now
about to decide upon tha elections; we are about
to decide on the returns. Before th? final question
as (o illegal voting is determined, ve must eltct
our officers, that we may ccivenien'ly co.kct tes-
timony.
How do I, asked Mr. T. connect these remarks
with the quest on of orde/? The gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Wise] has offered a resolution that
five of ihe claimants from New Jersey shall be
treated as members. This resolution the gentle-
man from South Caro'ina [Mr. Rnsrr] moved
to be laid en the labio. Thü motion for lay-
ing the resolution on the table is, in effect,
as flinch a motion to reject it as- it would
be if we had the proposition i self directly
before the Hon&e on its adoption. All these
rights, aris.ng from aa occupancy of seals on ibis
floor, are, therefore, involved in this question.
What are thtse rights? A member of Congress
has certain personal privileges, and when he has
taken his seat he has those p*rsonal lights to pro-
tect, as well as his political rights, which he shares
with his couslitueri's. He need not dwell to enu-
merate those personal tights. They would occur
readily to every intelligent person. They were, pn-
vilese from arrest for deb's, u'le, pay, and others
of like charae'er, a.I of which were valua-
ble and protected by !,i . Aud yet gentlemen
not only contend that the.-e rights and privi-
leges shall be ,'ecured to the parties by their
own votts in the fir-a instance, 6ut the}' tell ns,
ihat when once sw'.ru in, tht se Jersey candidates
are to aisnme suoh a position as to maintain their
seats, by their own votes thioug'.oul the sssa'on.
No or.e gentleman ¡s to vote in his own else. But
'our of the New Jersey members ui'ght vote
upon the ca«e r f one of them as it arise--, and thus
they ate 10 elct a tí,)ealíer and other officers, Pfid
afici wards iij-ct or pass all the measures we ate
to have before us. A more monstrous doctrine he
pever before heard advanced. Mr. T. here al-
luded to the declarations made by the gentleman
from S-JUih Carolina, [Mr. Thompson' ] and said it
gave hi 11 pleasure to he?r that gentleman declare,
ihat delicacy, as well as the feel.ngs of a mail of
honor, would prevent himfiom voting under these
