$2
circumstances, although he believed that the rule,
strirtly coastróed, iltd not forbid it.
Mr. T. asked if any member* could take the
Speaker's chair with that generous exultation which
ought to hefeft by any one called to preside Over
such a. body, if elected to it by such means.     I
mast protest, Mr. T. said, that the Chairman, (for j •
whomi must always manifest personal respect,) !¡
lias usurped power in this instance that does nut be- | \
ongtohis office.     He has undertaken to draw
Ai« question within the vortex of order, and to de- j I
'tide that which the House itself only can decade; ,'
ce has undertaken to throw the weight of his cha- 1'
uacter in the scale against us, and to determine ¡j
who shall be allow-d to rote as members of this tl
House.    In conclusion, Mr. T. invited the raem- ' j
bers to read the rule, and have the fact*' in view, y
lite facti are, that five gentlemen   from   New ¡j
Jersey claim seats on this floor, under the same 1
evidence, and the Cm Ht decides that they can not ¡i
only vote for each other, but that eaeh can vote for i j
himself.   The rale is, that "no member shall vote j ¡
on any question, in ihe event of which he is irrtme- ¡
diatelyand particularly interested.   Now, if these ^
gentlemen have not an immediate, a particular, !j
aad personal interest in obtain mg seats on this
floor, then he could not conceive of a case to which   j
tHe rule would apply.   He was in favor of requir-   I
ing all the claimants from New Jersey to staled   i
aside, as in such eases has always been done ¡n the
Hou^e of Commons in England, till the qtres ions
are decided in which they are part colarly eon-,
cerned.
Mr. HOFFMAN said he had hot risen to make
a speech, but simply for the purpose of recalling
the attention of the House to ft* question pre-
sented, and which, if he understood it, .was in the 
following shape:        ^    <       * f *^"' "       <.    *
A gentleman wa«? «sited by one of the letters ap*->
pointed by the Chairmot to take the vote, who-   |
were authorized to be coun ed?   Th* CnaisfMAi    I
decided that the members heffdmg the fegat cerní!-   '
cates were entitled t« vote; and, frfiri this  deet- ¡j
ston, an appeal wasMaken.   The question was nor, i
thcefore, « hether these gentlemen would cr wotld  'I
irot exercise that right.   The only qnestion wa , fts |)
th° decision of the Chair cwrreci'   Had the Chair-i
Milt a right to decide who Wer4 entitled to vote? I!
Wow, then, was this question pre-eh'ett?    Upon \\
th" onesHe (continued Mr. H.) you a** to- deter- I
mine that the sovereign State of New Jersey ahatt "i
be-disfranchised, and rnones-hall vote; or,on ftp '
other, if she was entitled to avoteofs-'x Represen*'11
•tatives-, who shatl give that vote—those holding the   '
certificates drawn up with all the regular fonos |l
according to the law 6f that State and the"tXmsti-   Í
lotion of the United States, or those who presented '
a-certifieate signed by an oflicet without poorer and ''
authority to-giveit, and which, as yet, is unbacked   '
by testimony?   That was the question presen'ed to   '
yBu.    Could yon, or any other man, have decided   j
between these two questions otherwise than aá yon n
«fid decide?   And the question now r*,  was that . I
decision correct?   J                               '     *     "   Í
The gentleman from Virginia has said that this
question should be postponed until we had heard*
tie testimony—that It is enough that the seat is con-
tested, to deprive the State of New Jersey of her
Representatives. I answer, that if the mere fact of
a seat being contested is to deprive New Jersey of
five of her Representatives, then that contest has,
before it is decided, all the|>ower and omnipotence
ota judgment, and you do as much wrong to the
Representative* of a free State, or tó the |ree*State
itself, by depriving- them of meir seat for one in-
stant, as if you deprive them ef it for a whole
year. Yet,says the gentleman, waif tfltwe have
the testimony, and then we can judsre; and the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. F. Tnoans.f in
the very next breath, says you cannot determine
that question until affidavits were taken, and the
poll-books and the witnesses examined. Before
whomi Before this House? Are we in a situa-
tion to read, digest, and properly to note the dis-
cordant testimony which may be "given? Aré we
S* a situation to examine witnesses at this; bar? If
ttatfls true, then forever banish your Committee
of SSéctjbn , for such a committee must for all fu-
lar  tittte he unnecessary.   The House, at the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOÜé
commencement of every session, must sit  here   |
month after month, or at least until every drputed   i
qaestion of election can be settled, before it can be   |
organize!.   It is fair and honest, says the gentle-
man from Maryland, that this should be done.   I
feel myself unable to compete wtih that gentleman
in force of argument or power of language, but he
will   permit  me to reply in   language so much
stronger and better than I could use, that it must
carry conviction |o my mind, at least, and proba- .
bly to ihe minds of Jill the members oí this House.
I lead, therefore,, as part of my rcmatks,  the fol-   i
lowing words, inserting only the words "New Jer-
sey" instead of "Mississippi"
"One of the members elect from Mississippi has ^
already told you he will repair to the table to be
sworn.   And in this he is right,   "Who shall in-
fringe tríe prtctples for which he contends-? 'He is
one of the chosen Representatives of the people of
Mississippi.    He has with him a certificate of flection
signed &y /7m Governor of that  State.    He  appears
h re,uilhhis colleague, with the same power to take
his staltlttl we each have.   And they have as much au-    |
tiority to question ow right to be sworn as we have to   i
dispule tftewj."
1* not this conclusive? (continued Mr   H )   If ,
the language itself is not so, I wi!l give the name :
of the gentleman who uttered it. y It is the lan-
guage of the honorable member from Maryland, ,
[Mr  F. Thomas] who has  jast   addressed the   ,
House.   He it is who thus put his footr'own, and   "
stood upon the certificate issued by the Governor,  l|
anl fearlessly and triumphantly demanded who !
dared infringe that right.   I take the extract of the I
report of a speech made by that gentleman irr the   <
ca«eof( Claiborne and Gholson, as fublished m the '
Gl* be, and I take it therefore to be correct.
Mr. THOMAS asfied leave to explain.   -Ainé   '
Mr HcrnuH having- yielded the floor for that
purpose,            ' ,
Mr. T. said that the gentleimn from New York
[Mr  Hoffman] certainly did injustice lo himself
in adopting his speech as an argument. He was
sure Mr. H. con'd make a jmuch a'>'er argument
tlfan aay he cou'd find tn Hjs. (Mr. T'^) speeches.
The character of l!.e remarks referred, to was i
th*t-(f,.enun|íraiion;   he  wat   enumerating   the
cause* w'tjt thflise gentlemen were eutukd to their
seats, and the nwt paramount of thon all  was,  \
that they were Ihtdwsen Representativa of the people
of Mississippi.   They came here with commissions
from the Governor of that  Sate, a-nd  then  there  \}
were no claimant-.     Such was not the fact bete.
The remarks Which had beers read had b ctt/-de-   >
hveted at the special «es^on.    .                              (
[Someconversation followed, not heard  by the
reporter ]
Mr. Hoffman confined      I have alluded to '
tbu speech in no spirit of unkmdne-s.     I did so
because I was well aware that any language tf hirh
that,gentleman used would ha*ve weght with one
portan of the Hoose, at least? for its orthodoxy,
and that it woujd have Weight with another portion   '
of the House for ihe apparent candor and sincerity
whtch mark all he says.     But even with the ex-
p'anation which he has glven^ I understand that
Ihe one reason he assigned was, (and h re, he'says/
lies the difference between that case and  the pre-
sent,) that these men for whom/he contended were !
the chosen Representatives of the peop'e.    '"That   f
was the foundation of his speech.    But what evi- \
denqe had he that they were so?   Did it n^t come
back to the very evidence offered'by him that the
gentlemen claiming to be sworn "had the certificate
otelection signed by the Governor of the Sta'e? '*!
They were chosen Representatives—they had the '
certificate,   which was evidence th<u they were 1
chosen; and, having proved by that certificate tha<   I
they were so, he asks, "Who are you who dare .
dispute this right?   How dare you question my i
certificate, given under authority as great and so- i¡
lemn as your own?"   poes the gentleman remem- , i
ber  that the very foundation of his  argument ,
proved to have been laid in the san(f? for that very
House determined that they were noí the ¿hosen
Representatives of-the people, and sent them home ,
to pass again through alt the forma of election.
[It was here suggested to Mr. Hoffman that !
this took place at the second election for meuabars
for Mississippi.]
Mr. Thomas said there wera two elections held
__one preceding the extra sessi ,n, and o.ie suc-
ceeding it. At the extra session the seats were
given to these two gentlemen.
Mr. Hoffmin said, probably the gent'emin isas
right.
Sevetal expressions frll fiom rrcmbers in difft-
rent parts of the Hall, which the Reporter coull
not hear distinctly.
When Mr. H. proceeded.
The argument is strong enough without stating
any thin  that is incorrect. My recollection is, that
Messrs. Claiborne and Gholson presented them-
selves at the bar by virtue of a special election—
that, after thai, a new election was held, and that,
at the second election, treating the first on* as
void, Me-srs. Prentiss and Word were elected.
When the latter gentlemen preiented then selves
here to claim their seats, Messrs. CUibcrnc and
Gholson contended that their election for the c\tr<i
term was good for the whole term. The que t ou
came before the House. The Hou.-e determined
that Messrs. Claiborne and GhoNon were net
(fleeted, and finally sent them home for re-elcciion.
I believe lhat to be the fact. The House deter-
mined that they were not the chosen Reprf senta-
tives of the people, and sent them home. But, Ic
ttot as it may, does^uot the whu'e argument of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr, F. Thomas] go up-
on the ground that the certificate of the Governor
showed that they were the chosen Representatives
of the people of Mississippi, and that they had a
right to ask the boldest ot their opponents—what
right have you, holding a certificate no greater
than a no, to dispute my seat? Are you a membeil
So am L Have you a certifícate? So have I. Ij
your* a sovereign and an independent State? Su
is mine. Hits your Stale spoken through the chan-
nels which «-he herself has pointed om? So has
mine. And what ri?ht have j ou to send me home,
who come here under the authority of a State ot
equnl sovereignty—a S+ate as independent, as
proud, and as gallant asvourown? Tins, sir, is
the argument of il e gentleman from Maryland;
and whatever may have been the subseqaent ler-
minaiion of thp raattnr, it cannot lake away tne
ío-a from the power and the a nclusitrene^s with
wh ch it was then urged. But dies njt the gen le-
mán from Virginia see that this question is to be
never endmr: that witnesses are to be eranvned:
that m inths and months may be consumed, if we
d part (rom establ<th?d precedents for a moment,
a <d «eiU'e to stand by the cerlifir-atel That must
b" our lule of conduct, and by that alotie we must
a! i If.
Th s case I l.lcfer. to the case of the jadmeat of a
State co'irt, as conc'Usive and binding until that
judgment bs reversed or repealed by a court hav-
ing pppellite jurisdiction. Every act under that
jndgment, until it is reversed, ¡s binding. -Ext cu-
ron isMie4 to a shift ¡f must be served—and execu-
tion at his peril. Is there an appellate court here?
There i*. That appellate court is the C ingress of
the United State ; and when we are organized—
when the chief JMStice has taken bis seat__when
th  case is called, and the testimonyand arguments
shall have been heard, 'he j idgment of the Stale
coo>t may be affirmed or reversed; but until then it
iá bmd.n? aid conclusive.
Without going further into this matter, let me
allude to an expression which fell from myeol-
h-ague, [Mr VáNDBttpoEL J I allude to it more irt
sorrow than in ¿n<rer; and 1 could not but regret,
sir, when jou had taken that seat bj> the unani-
mous voice, almost, of this House—wheu you had
been called, in the mid-t of our confusion, from the
weight of)our charae'er, and the sanctity or your
years, to produce order out of no'—I say I eould
not but regret that the decision of such a man
shoald have been proicutced, by one so ranch
younger, so much less entitled to respect from all
that l&flience which the fraits of experence can
give, a monstrous assumption, a monstrous n-or-
pition. Let me ssy to the £*ntlerrant sir, thai
yonr character is one of a purity and integrity so
spotless, that it has passed' even tlirough-the fiery
ordeal of party conflict and party bitterness without
i
