a ¡.tain. The offices }ou have held have added no !
lustre to your ciaracter, which jour chaiacter has
not reflected back U;ion them; and when I fin J my
colleague assailing a man to whjTi hi tory at !e-W
will do justice—a m?n whose character and vir-
tues have il'urained some of its brightest pates—
when I findsuc1! a man, living before my colleague
was a boy, and nvxmg up with the greit affairs of
a young and infant nat on before he drew breath,
thus assailed, I cannot bu^ regret that such e*p es-
sions shou'd fall from a fnend and colleague tí
mine, and I will only say, that when the send r
strikes a ba'l against such a man and such a cha-
racter, he ought to be sure that there will uot be a j
rebound that will si i ike the sender.                            |
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, he had tr.ed to get
the fl or immediately   after his colleague [Mr.
Grander] had clcaed, bat other gentlemen of more
agility   than he possessed, anticipated  him.    He
d d not know why his two colleagues ^ Messrs.
GRivoERanJ Hoffman] had made /urn so promi-
nent a subject in the discourses  with whchihey
had just edified us.    He had, to be sure,  had the
temerity to appeal  fiosn  the decision, and as he
conceived it, the most extraor liniry  decision  of
the Ch iir, a~,J he siso had the further temerity   to I
say, that it was founded in usurpation; and th.s
had furnished his colleague [Mr. Hoffman] an oc-
casion   fot  treating D> with   one of   those sweet,
pretty, and touching eulogisms upon the Chaih.-
man, for which his   friend ard   colleague was   so
eminently   qualified     He (Mr. V )   would, upon
Iht present occasion, neither assent to, or dissent
from, th s most encomiastic   picture, drawn in ,
the    presence   ard   hearing    of   the   Chairman ,
himself, nor would he here stop to inquire whether '
the gentleman had or had not violated the laws of
good taste in lavishing >ueh righ-wn u?ht praise n   I
the presence and hearing of the mbj^ct of ii, but he
would at once reiterate waat he 1 ad  before  said,
that the Chiarman, under pretence cf decid ng a   i
question of order, had deeded a most momentous
question of rigfci, and he would not be  deterred
by any false or mistaken delicacy—any affected re-   I
verence for gray hairs—from char, cteriz ng the
act as he thought it deserved.   He had not im-
peached—he did not intend to  impeach—the mo-
tiv í of the Chairman; but he would again pro- i
nounce the decision, in effect, a most decided usur   i
patton.   It was so, because he had assumed juris-
diction that did not belong to him,  and which the
mover of th   resolution that had g ven the Chair-
man that p'ace, never supposed to  belong to  him
when he moved that he should preside over our de-
liberations.     It w is so,  because the s triple ipse
dixit of the e*HUK,if not reversed, would give five  I
members a sea' upon ihi* floor wh se risjht u s-ats
hal 'orraed   the   mbj^ct o1 ci fl "t h^re  (or  the
last five dv, s     We \ ere not <'ea! ng  w tn tntles.
When the rghis oí the people of a sovereign St?te
were invo'vtd, and attemr ted 'o be trot'de-i under I
foot, he woul 1 speak of it boldly and freely a  he
thought it deserved.    Ii the Chair had tianscerdtd
his jun^diction, and thu- prostra ed ihe exprés ed
will of a nujont) of   the people of a sovereign
State, he would not ransack his  lexicon for vtry
mild terms in order to give a nvtiga'ed aspect to
an act pregnant with sm.h serous and misc'uevous
consequences.                                                            I
He woti'd now pay his passing respects to that
colleagae [Mr Grasgi-r] «ho had do e him the
honor ol mak ns him the sutj ct ot so great a por-
tion of his remark*. For all the purposes ot tl e
quest on ¡miicduitely urd^r discussion, hs c il-
league in «ht as well have leal a chapter from
Don Quixote, for lhatwoud have btcn quite as
relevat t to ih-  point under debate as vute i.iost
of his remarks FI's co eisue was disprvd
to malie metr\ wah nnal he eviJentl deemed hi>
(Mr. V's) pretein'el loxe f< r l! e teop't; wah his
profes ed respect for die si vereig-ity <<nd majesty
ot the pioph. Mr. V. -aid, humble as he was, he
and his dome had been most conspicuously, if not '
unkiiHlU.fy.r-ed lrto this d'bate, and lie ctull
therefore, averse as he g^nerMiy vías to such a |
course, peakof h mself wuhoui exposing h m«elf
to the imputa'ion ( f egot trr. lie uoj'l, there 
fore, hj way of repe'lng the ir.fert nee that Ti.s ad-
vocacy of popular rights wa? insincere, tell the   I
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House that the kindness he had so repeatedly te-
eeived at the hands of the people, ga\e bim ..tun-
dan! cause to love them. Fue tunes had th*y
chosen him to homrab'e and responsible stau< r>s,
and never yet had they rejected him. He ci uld,
however, imagine a case, where Irequent disap-
pointment, fvquenl frustration of tond hope  and
bright visions, might possibly insp.re any thing but
afflction for popular rights. It a gpntlem',u of
high ambition, and with aspnaliens at lerst as
lofty as his legitimate pretensions, should happ-u
to bs twice presented to the people of his S ate for
the highest trusi and honor in their gift, ai d ihey
should reject htm, as they would the unclean thing;
ifhe should hazard another struggle foi the second
office in this great Gonf deracy of free State*, and
a sun.lar fate should attend his third ambitious ef-
fort, he would not wonder if, with such a one, af-
fection for the people and regard for pt pular rights
should become subjects of dtri>ion and mernrret t
This would accord with the dic'ates, of poor, frail,
unforgiving human nature. The poet understood
this sentiment, and expresses it mo t pithily when
he asks,
' Whit rogue e'er felt the h-iltirdiaw
With soo t opi non of the law''
H« surely did not consider the two first words
of the couplet as at all applicable to his collergue.
Those who knew their frierdly personal relations,
wonld never draw such an inference. But his col-
league had also referred us to the case from N w
York, which occurred some twenty «u years aga,
(he meant the case of Peter Allen,) and bad un-
dertaken to give us not only a minute account of
that case, but volunteered to us the information,
that the year nett succeeding ihe ejection of Mr.
Al'en Irom the New York Leg slature, he was
elected by a decided majority of the county of
O.itrno, and that mv colleague, then acting with
the Democratic party, had aided in protkicing this
result. Mr V said he knew nothing of that cace,
except as matter of history, for when it occurred,
he hid scarcely entered his leens, and he therefore
spo' e with muen deference to the recollection of
his vtntiabh colleague, who had told us that he
was one of the adult and efficient actors of the
scenes of i hat early day. He was sorry, situated
as his colleague wa*, that he had furnished him with
an occas'on to denominate h>m &o "vmerabh"
in the presence, and hearing of that gallery,
(pointing to the ladies' gallery,) for whose
special edification most of the observations of the
gentleman were 'O evidently designed. H<> would
tell the gentleman and the House, that in that case,
there was no qu?Mion arising upon the returns.
Mr Fellows came in there by peti'ion, and the
II 'use dec ded t! at they would mt en er'vn the
pennon till t'-e Spp iKt ^ac ch'sr", and the II u se
was crgan'Z'd Be. des, sir, tn New Yor.r ihe
m°mbf rs are sworn by tSe Chtncellor, or Secre-
tary of Slat , befi re the Speaker is chosen. Mr
Allen had ihe certifi 'ate—he was suorr ?s a mem-
ber before the House could act upon the case, and,
as such, voted for the council of appointment be-
fore he was ejected But does the gentleman re-
collect how loud'y and how un>putng'y that act
of the He use of Assembly was denounced by the
party with which he is pow associated? S r, lo^k
at the leading New York Federal journals of that
diy, and you will see that thev were aciuilh,in
token of their abhorrence of tin  deed, dated from
the reign ef Peter A"en. Thus, for example.
"The iiwd, fourth, or p pth mom-h ir tite
RhiG\ cf Peter Ai i fv " It ha 1 been stated by
ihe gentleman lrom V rginia, [Mr Wise ] thit Mr.
"Vm Buren was then Attorney General of New
York, and had g ven an cfficial opinion in favor of
th s piocedure
[Mr Wise here explained rnd said that Mr V
had mtsumters ood him, ihtt he had said that Mr.
Van Buren h?d app'oved o( it; but he did not say
that he hid done so in hii effutal oapic t) ]
If that case w as  anr ioned by one par y, it was
conJemtiut by the other pi' 3, J 1 h wh "!i his c 1-
lraaue now ac'Ptl. The arsm n nt resti'tini  f.om
this cise wa=;, th°refi r°, ne>itr ili7f d, and \\c \rr uld
tl.erert re d s,r!i s it, \\nh di.- > dm x ii, that "two
wr >rgs cernid not make one right "
He had said that the Churmin had exceeded
.58
his power in deciding that ihe five gentlemen from
Pie a Jersey who had the Governor's certificate had
the right to voie upon the present occasion. This
Mouse ha I e rgatnzed in this unprecedented manner,
as he understood, lor the very purpose of deter-
mining this point, and now the Chair very kindly
interfeied, and relieved it of its appropriate func-
tions It was that the House m ght be placed in
■ I a position to act and decide this very question, that
,    we departed from the usage  that has  always ob-
,   tamed in organizing this body; and now, forsooth,
, w-e are told that the House cannot ac< upon this
('  matter, but that it legitimately belongs to the Chairt
1 to decide who are, and who are not, members ot
this House. The gentleman from Vnginia [Mr.
Wise] had urged  that  ihere could be no usurpa-
1   tton whenever ihe law of necessity called  for the
exercise 1 f a power.   He denied  that  the Chair
could   derive   any    justification    from the   law
of   necessity.   It   was   not   now  nece saiy  that
.    the CnuR should   arrogate  to   itsplf   this  high
I    power.    Our situation had changed.   Ourparaljsis
II    was now cured, and the House was competent to
act. The Clh-rk decided, when we were under his
auspices, that there being no quorum called, he
couli not put a question; but now we were relieved
from that difficulty. Questions could now be put,
and there was now a c urt convened with compe-
tent power to try ihe question that had been so long
agitated. It was not necessary, nay, it was
monstious, that the mere judge ot order, which
this body had created, should draw within the
vortex of order such h gh and momentous questions
of right. He repeated that the Chair, in the name
ot order, had decided a great question of right—
the right to a seat upon this floor, one of ihe higest
objects of laudable ambition. He had decided it
too, as Mr. V cons dered, in the very teeth of one
of the standmg ru'es of this House, which we had
adopted to jrovern our deliberations He meant
the rule which had already been referred to,
anl which provided that "no member shall
voe upon any question, in the event of
wlrch he is immediately and part cularly inte-
rested. The Chair decieled that the Govemer's
members from New Jersey were not interested in
the question   within   the   contemplation   of  the
, rule; that the interest was that of the constituent,
' and not of the Representative. He denied the
! proposition, that the gentlemen whom the Chair
¡ had adjudged competent to vote, had no interest
' in the question upon which the vote was to do
1ak°n. Tneir intere*t was immediate and most
palpable What was the metion upon which they
were to vole? It was to lay upon the table a reso-
lution that they should be called and recogn'sed
as members of this Hou«e; upon this question it
was, that the C11 uu had deeded that these gentle-
men cou'd vote. The moment they voted in pur-
suance of the decis-ot), what were «hej? They
were to all intents and purposes members of the
liou e And what benefits did they derive from
that eharactei? They were clearly entitled to their
mileage and per diem, amounting to some two or
three hundred dollars each Tney had a right to
go to the Speaker, the moment he was chosen, and
ask his warrant for their pay, and he would
not ana cf uld n< t refuse to grant it to them. This
they could not do, ii ordered to stand back, as
1 others proposed they should be. Here there was
j a duect pecuniary interest in the question; and
j \va  th re a mind here, unclouded by prejudice,
j that dil not see ¡* Bo  tins was not all. They
would elerue from ihe decision of the Chair oiher
great pru il gfs and immunities. That clause ef
the C nsti u<icn which proviJts «'that Repwsenla-
Ufcs in Congress s^a.l, during their alt rolanee at
the «e-s on of treir respictue Houses, and in going
'o or returning from the «ame, be pnvileged Irom
arrest," sur< ly conferred a high priviUgc upon the
members of th s House. If the Governor's mem-
bers (he used his designation in contradistinction
to those chosen by the peop'e) -hou'd be permitted
to vo'e, and 'hus be recognised n* mt,nbers, w«« it
not most clear that 1' would be compel" ' for them
to avail tl.emselves t r this clause of 'he ConMiiu-
„. n? So long a^ th.y were not recognised bv this
II  <e, but kept tn suspense, ^he.r creditors who
might   see   fit    to    arrest    them,   could   reply
