of a different member, (which is called a double I
tltction,) that return only which theieturning officer  i
to whom the sher.fP* precept was  direi'ted has  |
signed and sealed, is good.   And the members by
/iin returned shall sit un'il displaced en petition—
Sim. 184.   By the  h\sh act, 35 Geo. 3, c. 29, the
letumirg rilices (even though not otherwise quali-
fied to voir) must, in case of an (quality of votes
at the poll, give his casting vote and  make a re-
turn."
Here, then, was the rul<\ (and no other could
ever be carried out,) that the right to sit of the in-
dividual coming within the requisitions of the law
must, in the first instance, be deemed conclusive.
Such had been the docuioe triumphantly carried
out by the present Chief Magistrate in the case
which aro-*e in New York—a case to which his
friends in this House had not attempted to make a
reply. Mr. B. said he did nut refer to the princi-
ple* on which, in England, the ultimate right was
settled on a petition to the House. They turned
on the Grenvjlle act and o'her subsequent statutes,
all of which were incorporated into one in 1823.
Those principles were substantially the same as in
our own country.
Bat the question mi^ht be asked, If the majority
refuse to ; ct on the old usage, what is to be done?
Musttheie not be a compromise? Mast we not
yield to some siherae by which one portion of the
House shall, at hap-haz rd, he constituted judges
over the o'her portirn? Each one most answer
«hese questions for himself. Mr. B was not tena-
cious aoout sm^.ll maüers; but here, in his opinion,
was a coarse proposed that struck at a principle
on the sacred observance of which, in sincerity
and good faith, must depend the future organiza-
tion of thh House in times of deep party excite-
ment. He c-nld not compromise, however he
might h" overruled. Doubtless a majority might
insist on any proposition, however absu'd, and
whatever impediment it placed in ihe way of the
rightful action of the Government. It might refuse
lo receive a message from the Senate until the cre-
dentials of that body were explored and the allega-
tions of opposing claimants fully considered and
passed apon. It might refuse to receive the Presi-
dent's message on some similar allegation. Would
the Senate or President proffer terms of compro-
mise? Mr. B. said he could not suffer himself to
be jaded into an "abandonment of what he deemed
a matter of vital interest.
Mr B. referred to the charge í f usurpation,
whiich hid been urged against the Chairman for
making a decision when called upon. What was
he to do? Refuse to act? Take a leaf ont of the
Clerk's book? The result would be that the
House must have driven him out of the Ciiair in
order to place there somebody who would go
through this very act of "usurpation," and thus
put the question in a train for settlement.
Mr. WHITE, of Kentucky, ross and asked ths
Clerk of the House to state what was the decision
of the Chair from which an appeal had been
taken.
[The Clerk here read the resolution of Mr.
Wise, of Virginia, as follows:
Resolved, That the Acting Clerk of this House
shall proceed wiih the call of the members from ths i
different S'aies of the Union in the usual way,
calling the names of such members from New Jer-
sey as hold the regular and legal commissions from
the Executive of that S'ate.
And then the followiug resolution, which Mr.
Rhett, of South Carolina, offered as a substitute:
Rtsolcei, That the House will proceed  to call
the names of gentlemen  whose rights to seats are   |
not disputed or contested; and after the names of
such members are called, and before a Speaker is   j
elected, they shall, provided  there be a quorum
ot such present, then hear and adjudge upon the   !
elections, returns, and qualifications of all claim-   I
ants to scats contested on this floor.
The Clerk then stated thit Mr. Rhett
moved to lay the resolution of Mr. Wise upon
the table wiih a view to offer his ro^olutbn as a
substitute; and upip. the question of Uyiog Mr.
Wise's resolu-ion upon the table, Ulk-.s were ;
called. M-. Dromgj(.le,o( Virginia, being one of :
the tellers appointed by the   Chair, the question   ¡
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
being aboHt to be put upon the adoption of the
resolution of Mr. Rrett, rose and observed to the
Chair, that he had been appointed by the Chair
to act as one of the tellers, and was ready to dis-
charge the duty assigned him, but desired to be
instructed by the Chair how he was to perform it.
The Chair remitted thai he conceived the rule to be
that such persons as possessed commissions in. confor-
mity with the Constitution "flhe Unite! Slates and the
laws o/JVíií Jersey were entitled to vote as members of
the House, andlhal no others wereent tied; and from
this decision of the Chair, Mr. Vanderpoel, of
New York, appealed to the House.]
Mr. WHITE then said: Mr. Chairman, forgiv-
ing this decision, you have been charged with being
guilty of an act of usurpation. Sir, the appetite for
denunciation did not stop here. The honorable
member from New York [Mr. Vanderpoel] de-
nounced your decision as a gross usurpation. And
another honorable member from Maryland [Mr. P.
Thoma^] followed suit, and characterized your de-
cision as an act of monstrous unirpaticn. Mr.
White (addressing h mself to the Chair) sv'd, if
it be true you have been guilty of the high offence
wiih which you stand charged, neither the courtesy
of debate, the sanctity of the exalted station you
now fill as presiding officer of this House—no, sir,
nor even your gray hairs, should screen you from
the odium due O the usurper and the despot. But,
sir, if it shall turn out, upon a fair investigation of
the question, that the decision of the Chair is in
strict confoimity to the Constitution, to law, to all
j past parliamentary nsage in this country, as well
. as in'all other civilized countries, what should be
the sentence pronounced upon your accusers? Sir,
! the undivided execrations of mankind should be
1  thundered in their ears.
Mr. W. contended that the Chai£ was perfectly
justifiable in declaring the opinion from which the
appeal wa<¡ taken—he had no alternative left him
but to decide, or ihnnk fiom a discharge of his
duty. The question remains, did he decide righi?
Mr. W. remarked that, before he went into the ar-
gument upon the correctness of the opinion of the
Chair upon principle, and upon usage and prece-
dent, he would call the attention of the House, and
particularly the attention of the member from Naw
York, [Mr. Vanderpoel,] and the member from
Maryland, [Mr. P. Th was,] to an authority in
support of the decision of the Chair, that he knew
would not be controverted by either of the honora-
ble gentlemen; and out of your own mouths, said
Mr. W. I will convict you.
Mr. W. then proceeded to read from the speech
of Mr. Vanderpoel, of New York, delivered in
the case of the contested election "of Moore and
Letcher in the year 1834. Mr W. asserted that
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Vanderpoel]
in that dsbate, ably and eloquently maintained the
precise doctrine contained in the decision of the
Chair, and the very opposite doctrine now so vehe-
mently contended for by the gentleman. In that
debate the gentleman held the following language:
"Ne, sir, I go for the laws f.nl Ihe Constitution
—whether they define the qualificationsof the voter,
or prescribe the manner in which this right shall
be exercised. I cannot here be persuaded either
to jump over the Constitution or craw! under the
Jaw, by the captivating doctrine that the right of
suffrage is.paramount o the law and t-.e Constitu-
tion. Sir,' 1 know not whence we derive equitable
powers so tianscendent as those which I have here,
to my very great surpise, heard claimed for ui—
powers which enab'e us to set the laws and the
Constitution at defiance, and authorize us here, in
a judicial capaciy, to exercise the dtspiVs preroga-
tive—to dispense justice according to our abstract
notions of right an I wrong. Sir, will notthislead to
a perfect mibocrac-^1 Sir, I had alway- supposed that
all legal ends in civilized communities, and under
fri-e and constitutional Governments, were t« be
obtained by la vful and constitutional mean ; and
that it is better, far better, that the end should
sometimes be lost, than arlmt the more than Vandal
heresy, that 'h" 'end justifies ths mean*.' "
Tuis, Mr. W. cha.ged, was ili" 'angnageof the
eloquent gentle man upon that occasion, containing
doctrines as sound as Holy Writ—the ver? doc-
trines of the decision of the CmiR—doctrinei that
25
I will stand  the scrutiny  of t'talents and of time."
In that debate the gentleman acknowledged himself
j the power of the Constitution; according to his po-
| htical creed then, the law and the Constitution was
¡ supreme, and that right of suffrage itself was lobe
! sacrificed if it came in conflict with fne law of the
j State.     Bu> now,  sir,  Democracy  and  popular
i rights are paramount to law and the Constitution.
•' Now, this same   gentl-man   denounces this very
i   doctrine ' as a   "small, miserable, squeaking, techni-
|   eaiiit/j" and   these member* who claim their seats
[[ from New Jersey, under the commission  of the
!   Governor, executed in strict conformity to the laws
;;  of that Slate, as "pretenders coming here  under the
¡:  cloak of a sheer bo id."    O! consistency, thou  arta
|   fir/we.'    Mr. W. appealed to the  gentleman  now
'I to justify his present course.    Ho appealed   to  the
,   good sense of every n¡cruber   in the House to de-
:! cide whether the  opinion given I y  the Chair was
I' not fully and amply supported by the very extracts
j   quoted from the  speech of the grnileman in 1831.
I     Mr. W. asked, what had brought so  radical a
;, change in the gentleman's political creed?    Had
his recent tour to Europe furnished him fresh light
'  upon Democracy!
Mr. W. said, Mr. Chairman, I will now address
'■   myself for a short time  to the honorab'e member
from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas ]   ..He asked the
undivided attention  of the gentleman, from Mary-
!   land (who occupied a seat immediately in front of
¡¡ Mr. VV.) whilst he read from an authority which
,j he well knew that gentleman  would recognise as
sound doctrine, however much others might be dis-
posed  to controvert it.    Mr. W. then proceeded to
read fr >m the speech of Mr. F. Thomas, of Mary-
land, delivered at the late sess'on of Congress, in
the contested election  of Claiborne and Gholson,
the following extracts:
'!      "When the Clerk had reached the names of the
, i members elected from thp State of Miss-'ssippi, one
i i of them has already told you he would repair to
the table to be sworn; and in this he is right.   Who
i; shall infringe the righ s for   which  he- contend ?
!j Re is one of the chosen Representatives of the
|! people of Mississippi.   He h-is with him a certifi-
| cate of election, signed by the Governor of that State.
; He appears   here with bis colleague with the same
proof to lake his s--at that  we each have.    And
they have the same autho ity to qucstioi our right
|   as we have theirs.   Th-y have the tin'rjken custom
II   for their guide; and  no  injustice can b3 done to
I' any portion of the American ps> p!e by a strict ad-
t herence to this wholesome and convenient usage "
!      Mr. W. remarked that, in  that  cise, and upon
that occasion, the Governor's certificate was con-
clusive to the gentleman's mind; so sacred, that no
man should dare qu.stion the rLbt of the member
to qualify.    Upon   that  occasion, the   gentleman
held usage and precedent in high estimation.    Ye-',
sir, upon that occa>ion a "strict adherence to usage"
was the orthodox doctrine.   Now, sir, the honora-
ble member (with what courtesy, what consistency,
1 I leave to himself to determine) charges you with
being guilty of an act of "monstrous usurpa'ion,"
* for deciding that the members holding the certificate
of election, in conformity to the Constitution of the
United States, and the laws of the respective States,
are entitled to be recognised as m°mbers.    Is this
not strange,  passing strange?    No, sir; the case
¡I being altered, it ilteis the ca^e.   The sitting mem-
! bers, Messis.  Claiborne and GhoKon, were good
i  Democrats; that being the case, usage and precedent
1  were safe and wholesome guides.
Mr. W. said he would not con-nme the time of
■ the Hiuse in commenting upon the flagrant absur-
! dities and inconsistencies of ihe gentleman. He
j would simply sav, O! s'iams, where is thy bhtshl
! Mr. W. said he did not base the correctness of
I the decision of the Chair alone upon the high au-
| thorities from which he had read. He found
¡ higher authority—he looked to the Constitution
of die Unitsd Sutes, the Constitution of the
S'ate of New Jersey, and the laws of that Com-
1 monwealth. From th -se resource*, Mr. W.
I contended, we obtained tho rule' by which we
| should be governed in decking who were mem-
j bers upon this floor, either temporary or penna-
I nent. By ths first, we are empowered to judge
of the election, returns, and qualifications  of our
