2é
members. By the second and third, the time, p'ace
and manner of holding the election are prescribed.
The Constitution of the United States is the pira-
mount law of the land, and no valid election can
b¿ held i>titd the State Legislature has prescribed
the rules by which it is to be governed. True,
Cong* ess has the power to alter these rules; bu  u
must be done by law. Tnis House cannot do it—
no >ueh inhetent, omnipotent power belongs to u',
as ¡.ome gentlemen suppose, and have contended
for. Until a law is pasted by Congress, the law of
the Sidle must prevail.
Mr. W. contended it were worse than vain for
gentlemen to talk, here about "abstract rights" and
"liberal principles" upon a question of Coiwittuiior ,
of law, and immemoriaiusage. It was ridiculous 10
hear honorable members denouncr an adherence to
well established precedent a "miserable techinkality."
Such doctrines lead to the overthrow of all order,
the subversion of all government. Instead of a
Gjvernment of laws, which should be the pride
and boast of every patriot, we would sink into a J
wild and lawless anarchy. Let the princples con-
té 'ded for in this debate prevail, and the valued ami
established lna'ituUons ot cur country will be trans-
formed into a "mobocracy."
Mr. W. mainta'ned that the true issue refore the
House  had  been  passed over and disregarded in
this debate.    It was not a question now, h« con-
tended, who was rn'itled to be permanent membirs !
of this House during this Congress from the State '¡
of New Jersey.    That was a quest'on that could
noinoa arise, in the disorganized st ite of this body,
there being nobody competent to decide (ha/ ques-
tion until the Hou*-* was duly organized and a
Speaker chosen.   The single isolated question to   !
be decided at present was, who are to take their
seats as temporary members to aid in the organi-
sation of the Hous 1   You, Mr. C airman, have
answered,  and answered correctly—those indivi-
duals, and those only, who hold the certificates in
due conformity to  the Constitution of the United
States and the laws of the respective States.   In
dec.di.ig this, you do not undertake  to settle who
ultimately, upon an inves igat on offset?, will be
entitled  to   permanent   seats during  the  present
Congress; nor does your decision aff-ct that issue
in the remotest degree  when it shall arise.   Mr.
W. contended that the que-tion of temporary right
was one thing, and the permanent tight a very dif-
ferent thin .   Mr. W remarked that it mattered
not to htm who obtained the temporary seat to aid
in the organtZition of the House.    Wh?n the qnes-
dun catne to be tried upon its merit , he should
vote to award the permanent seat to the individual
who had die greatest nurot-er of  qualified voter*   j
of his diMpct or State, guided by such ru'es of tes-  , i
I'tnony as the Leg'slature of New Jersey have en- j
ar'ed u, determine upon the returns of her e'cctions.  Ij
But, M^r. Chairman, it hi* been cm tended  that ¡I
your nVcivion is m coi diet with  theu->agecf ihe    !
F.nspéi   Pa'liament.    This Mr.  W.  denied.    In  |>
England, as m this country, he challenged 'he pro- I
du'.t on of a single piecedent, in the  or'aniz ten
<fad- hberativc body, where the  member holding
V e ¡eitd itlurns Kas been  d-sqaalifitd   fr..m acting
in   theorgar.izVi' n oí   me   lleude.    Mr \V.   said
he wouU n a  «eary the  Hmise  by readme; ernes   1
Ohi.di !,p cou'd do alm.ist wi'h nit number) «here   '
ihe  member holding the   regular cerffica e had    '
ta'<' n his s.eat in the  organization  of the  H >u*p,    I
although, in a great msj >nty   oftbe  c.ise^, upon  ¡'
en m-elation of the merits, ih" returned innnbci   ,!
was ejff'f-d, and proved nut to be t u- r g'aifu! r.pin-  I
ber.    Mr. W. then read from   BiackstoncN C in-  ■
r.mntaiirs, 1-t volur.e, p^e 181: "The members of j
Pirbament returned by the sheriffs aie  the sitting  •
menders tinii1 the Ho i-e of Com.non-., upo i petiwon,  ij
shall adjudge the letorn  la'se awl   i) eg-il."    Bu',  ¡/
Mr. C.i..'rman, it is  c<.atended that your  decision  ¡I
i- .u  ct nil ct with   thit ru'e ot the   Home which   >
p.o/i 'e* ifnt "no member ¡-lull vot  on any q n\s-  ¡j
'« a ni'i-evrnt ot   which he \< imnvdiatelv and  'i
pir-ini «ily intcrtfi'ri."    .Mr.  W. con ended this j!
r..'e rh' notapp'y : i ihe present case.    Tiue, the  ¡!
v err.b-is ch.mma to vote had  a partial uitpr"^ m   I
tV quest.on; but ¡heir co'isvnenie—-dip  ppnr>|-(f '
New Jei.sey—iv'd  ihe | a'amo'ir.t  ¡nifie^t m the j!
c ue,   It was not the case of the individuals; a   !
'            i I
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vas emphatically the case of th° people of the State
ot New Jersey. Ye«, sir, it is the right of the peo-
ple sf the S'.ite of New Jersey to representation
upon this floor, that ¡s al stake here. This is the
«real interest involved in the discussion of this
question, and not ihe small rights of personal pi i-
vilege and pecuniary compensation thM may or
may not attach to the kdividual members. Ex-
c'ude these members, aad you deprive the sove-
reign State of New Jersey of five-sixths of her re-
presentation upon this floor; and this is denomi-
nated (rue and germine Democracy, and you are
charged with being a "despot and usurper" ior de-
ciding otherwise.
Sir> the moment we abandon the law we are
afloat upon the broad ocean ol uncertainty. The
States have the power to regulate the time, plafte,
and manner of holding the elections; this power is
expressly granted in the Federal Constitution, as
already observed. The State of New Jersey, as
well as all other States in this Union, has exercised
this right, and deñned the rules of making returns
of her members to Congress. To disregard the
law of the .• late, and confirm or reject credenlia's
upon our own ideas of right and justice, wou'd be
the very thing the honorable memoes from New
York and Maryland [Messrs. Vandesp el and F.
Thomas] have charged upon you—a wiosi flagrant
act rj usurpation. Sir, said Mr- W. we may talk
of "SWe Rights," oí "Popular Rtghls," of "Special
P'eading," of -'Squeaking Technicalities;" but if
we disregard the laws of ihe States, enacted upon a
subj ci expressly reserved for their legislation, and
substitute our o vn will for their solemn statutes,
he boldly asserted we will have established a prin-
ciple that will, sap the very foundation of S ate
sovereignty, trie last vestige of liberty reserved to
the members of this Confederacy. Such a princi-
ple carried out miM lead to the crncen'ration of
all power in the GmTd Government. It would
override all tiit barriers erected in the Constitution
between the Central Government and the rghts of
ihe several States, and would ultimately end in ab-
solute decpotism.
Mr. DUNCAN observed that he understood
yesterday, that after the appointment of a chair-
man, the rules of the last House of Representa-
tives were ad"pted for the government of this
House for the time beins. One of these rules re-
quired that the yeas and nays should be called al-
phabetically. Now he wished to know <,f the
Chair if the yeas and nays would be called if de-
manded, and how?
The CHAIR stated that the rule did not apply,
bfcanse Ihe rrgari/zaiion of the House was not
completed. Toe yeas ¿nd nays, therefore, coul 1
no! t>e calk'J.
Mr. DR.OMGOOLE then rose and gave notice
that, in case su<h a decision shculd be made in
(he very (eelh of the Con.sti'ution, which requ res
that the yeas and nays shall be caled when de-
sired by one-fifih of the membeis present, he should
tak* an appeal from it.
M'-. DUNCAN thpn asked if there was not a
rul* of the last He use of Representatives wlvch
prohibited a mem 3er ¡"rom vi lino " on any quest,on
in which he is immediately and personally inte-
rested,1' and jf this rule, in the <pm<on of ihe
Cii.ua, did no! apply to i.'ie per on* claiming sea's
as Rppresen'ativesfroTi Nt w Jejsev.
The CHAIR d-rded tint the five mem-
bers from Ne-v Jers-y, who were coinmis-
Moned by tie Gover (.(>r, wee rot pro!, bited irom
voting under that rule. They themselves were not
immediately acd personally interested; it was their
constituí n'sioiil) who wen: inter, sed.
Mr DUNCAÍ- then observed, that if ihess cer-
tificaos with ihe broa I seal ot New Jersey, en-
t.t.'ed ¡hose hoi i n;j ihrm to vote, he would a.sk
gfn'lemen.and the Ch^is particularly, what was to
be done with (be certificates and bread .seal of ihe
State of Pennsylvania, wh.ch certainiyoug'it to he
;is broad as ihe preat seal of NVw Jersey,
in ihe case of the S'ate of Pennsylvania, ( aid Mr.
D ) wc have he cei .¡ficaiev c' two Governors, both
with He hroid síj! of ihe State, coiifjmg
(hit iwodnTcrert pe.son* f Mr. haeh^uA. a-'d Mr"
Navlok] aw e'.ecie'd to represent die same district.
What are you to do, said Mr. D. in  that case?
Will any gentleman tell me? If jou admit the
claimants Irom New Jersey, because they have the
Governor's certificate wi'h tie broad seal, must
vounot admit both rf the two ^ent'emen frem
Pennsylvania, each of whom nave similar docu-
ments, and thu- give P.mn>\Unn a one Represen-
tative more than she is rn'i'led to?
Inoider that the House misiht have time  to re-
j   fleet on the subj C, and ;n order  that  the  Chair-
man also m sht h?ve time to refl ct on it, he would
move hat, when the House adjourn, it a<ij<uin
to meet on Monday next.
Mr. MERCER moved to amend the motion by
adjourning to rreet on to-morrow at ten o'clock.
Before any question was put on this motion,
Mr. DUNCAN moved ihat the House do now
adjourn; which motion was carried without a di-
vision; and
The Hou&e adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, December 7, 1839.
Mr. SEVIER and Mr. PRENTISS ?ppeared in
their seats.
On motion, The Sánate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, Dec 7, 1839.
At 19 o'clock, the CHAIRMAN (Mr. Ad'ms)
' called the House to order, when the journal of ves-
terday was lead; after which,
Mr. DROMGOOLK suggested an amendment to
the journal, with regar I ^o the declaration which
j he had made on>esterday. He hid said that he
would count all tho mcaibeis from New Jersey
who presented them elves! unless ottíerwiíe directed
by the Howe. The wofcs by t)íe House were
omitted in the stateraent fcn the Journal, and he
moved that they be inserted.        /
Wh ch motion was pul to Áhe House, and
agreed to                             \     ;
Mr. LINCOLN then ?ugáes«d another amend-
ment. He wished to have; stated on the journal,
immediately after ihe amenVlment which had just
been made, the precise deciniin which the Chair
had made, namely, that those gentlemen from New
Jersey who held the certificate undsr the Constitu-
tion of the United States and laws of New Jersey,
were the member!  entitled to vote.
The CHAIR remarked, that he had stated on
yesterday, in reply to the gentleman fiom Virginia,
[Mr. Dromgocle ] that tluse members were enti-
tled to vote vi ho held ceitificstes according to the
Cons'itution and la «sol th" United Sta'es, and the
laws of New Jersey, and [bar those persons who
held certificates piecisely muí.lar to the member
irom New Jersey «hose name hail been called,
and who had answered, «ere the persons who
should be coun'ed.
Mr. LINCOLN then mo/cd that the decision be
entered upon the journal m the words of the Chair-
man, now delivcied,
Mr. DUNCAN had no objection to having the
jiurnal amended, if tntre was any error in jt; but
he objected to makin? aj.WMl i ow, wh.ch would
decide the very quest.on of diJüju! y which wehave
been contending about fir da\s. The matter pro-
posed tole entered on the journal was the very
matter which we had hem contending about, and
he objected U any suc'i íntroductioa upoa the
j   journal.
I Mr. TILLINGHAST thought that the gentle-
,¡ man fiom Ohio was m siaken with regard to ihe
i motion. The gentleman from Massachusetts only
ij widied to have entered upon the journal ihe deci-
J sion which the Cti urt had made, in the w< rds in
¡  which it w. s mede at the time.
Mr. DUNCIN said, if he was w t mistaken,
. the Chek had writtpnout ihe decision of the Chair
, on ye.terc'ai, im r-.ed'atr ly on i's being m ide; an I
• presented it the Ch.mkjun-, and i.skej if it was cor-
1 iect;and th« Cmia had agreed, at that time, that
I   ¡t was coriect.
j Mr. SALTONSl'ALL appealed to the mem-
¡j bers present to s«3 if the stateir.e-.t by the Chaib,
j a few moments ago, w ac not a precie repeti! on of
'. the decsion of theCiiAiR onies'entaj? If sn, he
'j thought it but right that ti should be p'aeel'en
t the journal in th^t way.
