CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
27
Mr. SMITH of Maine had distinctly understood
the Chair, in reply to the question of the honora-
ble gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,]
to decide that "those gentlemen from New Jersey
who had been returned to the House in accordance
with the Constitution of the United States and the
laws of New Jersey," were  entitled to vote upon
the motion of ihe honorable member from South   ¡
Carolina, 10 lay upon  the  table  the  resolution of j
the gentleman hom Virginia, [Mr. Wise;] and he  !
should have felt bound to have   voted to sustain   j
that decision of the Chair, upon the appeal there-  j
from made by the gentleman from New York,   j
He contended that the gentlemen who  had been,  ¡
by a majority of the people of New Jersey, elected
to represent them in Congress, were  alone  legally
elected, both by  the laws of New Jersey and the  i
Constitution of the United State.*, and could alone  \
be legally returned to this House; and in accord-  !
anee wi;h the decision of the Chair, he presumed   i
that the gentlemen they elected would  vote.    But  !
when the decision of the Chair was read by the  \
Clerk, as put by him upon  the records of the  j
House, "lhat ihose gentlemen only who have the  '<
certificates of the Governor of New Jersey, usder
the broad seal of the State," weie entitled to seats
in the House, which decision, as thus recorded, he
hüd observed the Clerk to submit to the revision
of the Chair before it was read, and  to which he
had understood the Chair to assent, he had felt
bound to vote against such decision—a decision
setting aside and prostrating the most inestimable
privilege of the free institutions of this country.
He was satisfied that the record did not conform to
the decision ot the Chair as first promulgated, but
was in strict conformity with lhat which had been
subsequently read from the Clerk's desk,  by au-
thori y of the Chair.
Mr. WISE had understood the decision of the
Chair on yesterday to be as the Chair had re- j
peated it this morning; and he'presumed that the
CHAia had considered the statement made by the |
Clerk on the journal at that time, as an abbrevia-
tion of lhat decision; and knowing that that was
not the time to correct the journal, and that when it
was rend this morning, would be the time to cor-
lect it, no exception was taken to th; entry made
by the Clerk. This was not ihe time to make a
journal, to be sure, but this was the time correct itr
and to place rhe facts opon it as they did occur. He
therefore demanded that the journal might be so
corrected a* to state the facts.
Mr. CUSHIKG said he understood the decision
of  the   Chair  to  be as repeated  this morninp,
and the reporter of the Globe bore him out in this
opinion.     Mr. C here read the decision asfrepoit- !¡
ed in the Globe.                                                         i
Mr. ATIIERTON understooi the Chair to
hive decided, on yesterday, that the persons cnti-
tlid to vote, were those who produced commissions
acro:ding to the Constitution of the United States,
and the laws of New Jersey, but he had no doubt
lhat ii was the intention of the Chair to identify
tie individuals who did produce those commissions,
b.cause, otherwise, he would have been deciding
nothing. He understood the Chair, at that time, j
to refer to the commission of Mr. Randolph, and I
to those who had produced similar commissions to
his, as the persons who wereentiiled to vote.             j
Mr. TILUNGHASr said it seemed to him j
that every gentleman must acrree that the decision
Of yesterday was precisely the statement of it made
by the Chair this morning;- and it seemed to him
that the journal ought to state the precise words
of that decision. It seemed to him that this was
the very object of the journal, and it seemed to him
that there ought to be no difficulty about the
matter.
Mr. SMITH of Maine said, there only seemed
to be a difference of opinion with regard to the
phraseology which should be siread on the record.
We all agree, and ths Chair 'confirms ii to-day,
that he did intend to decide, and actually does •;
now decide, lhat Messrs. Aycrgg, Y rkb, &c.
were entitled to vote; and gentlemen wish to spread
on the record the reasoning of the Chair, which
caused that decision. The Chair, and those
who sustain him, wish lopui on ihe record the
reasoning   which   induced   him   to   make   ihe
decision which  he did.   Now,  he did  not know
whether it was customary for  the Speaker of the  1]
House to spread on the record  the reasons for his  j
decisions.    If so, he had no objection to  the pre-   |
sent amendment; and if this was not the  pract.ee
of the Speaker of the House, he saw no reason for
departing from the general course.
Mr. LINCOLN then submitted his amendment,
in writing, in the following form:
"The Chairman decided that those persons were
entitled to vote  who  had produced   commissions
from the Governor of New Jersey, in conformity   !
with the Constitution of the United States and the   <
laws of ihe State of New Jersey."                             I
Mr. BRIGGS did not agree with the gentleman    j
from Maine [Mr. Smith] that these were the rea-   ;
sons of the Chair for his decision.   This was the  ,
decision of the Chair, in his opinion, and not his
reasons.
Mr. BYNUM said he would state his recollec-
tion of the decision of the Chair.    He  heard   the
Chair distinctly announce that those persons were
entitled to vote who held  commissions  under the  ¡
Constitution and laws of New Jeney, but he had  i
not heard a word mentioned from the Chair about  '
the Constitution of the United Stales.    He looked   \
upon the whole of the decision asa usurpation of
the rights of the members of the House and of the
people of the country, and he was not now for per-
mitting the correcting to be altered, for the purpose
of suiting the ulterior designs of any set of indivi-
duals.   He wanted the Clerk to state positively
what did take place, and nothing else.     We have
arrived at a most novel and extraordinary stage of
our proceeding*, and he cal'ed  upon ihe Demo-
cracy of the House, not to permit themselves to be
gulled by the technicalities which gentlemen intra-   i
duce here.    H¿ hoped that the facts, ax ihey occur-   j
red, would be stated on the journal, but he  had no
idea <■( having the record encumbered by the addi-
tional amendment of ihe grntleman from Massa-
chusetts, to render a better excuse for the decision   ,
of the Chair.                                                                ¡
The CHAIR stated that he had referred to the •
Constitution of the United Slates in his decision, be- ,
fore referring to the laws of the Slate of New ,|
Jersey.                                                                          ¡
Mr. MERCER also contended that the decision
of the Chair of yesterday was precisely as it
had been stated by the Chair to-day, and he held
that this derision was not a usurpation of the rights
of he House.
Mr. WHITE then called   the attention of the
gentleman f.om Virginia [Mr. Droomgoole] to the   o
decision of the  Chair,  as reported in one of the   j;
papers of this city, and  inquired  if he was not in    [
error i:i restar 1 to his  recollection  of it, and of the
inquiry which he had propounded to the Chair.          \
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he distinctly recollected ;
that the Cuair had said lhat those sretitietnen were
entitled to vote, who held commissions in pursu-
ance of the Constitution of the Un ted Slates, and
the laws of New Jersey. If, however, thegentletnm
from K*nmcky would read a few paragraphs
larth.er ¡a lhat report, lie would find that (he Chair
haddeclar^d ihat'hose who hold commissionssimilar
to that held by Mr. Randolph, were the persons ,;
who were entitled to voto.
The CHAIR said   he had   staled  that   ih—e
five persons who held certificates similar  to the  li
member from  New  Jersey, who had been called    |
and answered to his name, were the persons who    '•
would, in the opinion of the Chair be eat tied to
vote.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. Certainly that was the de-
cision of the Chair-
The CHAIR ihen propounded the questirn to
Ihe House upon Ihe amendment of ihe journal,
when, tellers were called for, and the Chair ap-
pointed Mr. Giddings, of Ohio, and Mr. Crabb,
of A'abami, to act as tellers—both opposed to the
Administration.
Mr. BRIGGS smrsested to  the Chair, that the    ;
usual course was to appoint a teller from each of
the two p-rties.
The CHAIR then named Mr. Bynom and Mr.
Giddings to actas tellers.
Mr. BYNUM said he should like to know whe-
ther he was  to coirnt  those pers ms whose sea's
were contested on this floor or not.
Mr. RICE GARLAND objected to that questkn
being put.
The CHAIR said that lhat question had been
decided on yesterday.
Mr. BYNUM. Then I will not act as a teller of
this meeting.
The CHAIR said Ihe gentlemen who acted as
tellers would please count all who paired between
them; and if any member pas-ed ihrcugh whose
title to a seat they considered contested, they should
report lhat fact to the meeting, and the meeting
would decide on the question.
Mr. BYNUM wished to understand his duty as a
teller, if he was to act as such. He did not think
that the members whose rights were contested in
the House should vote under any circumstances,
and he did not think that the Chair had ihe power
to decide that they had the right to vote. Mr. B.
then refused to act as a teller.
The CHAIR then nan-.ed Mr. Smith, of Maine,
to act as a teller.
Mr. SMITH stated that he was unacquainted,
personally, with the members of the House, and
did not know the members from New Jersey on
either side, so thatit would be impossible fot him
to report to the House whether any persons had
voted whose rights were contested.
Mr. RANDOLPH. I will stand by the side of
the gentleman, and tell him the names of the mem-
bers from New Jersey on both sides as they pass
him.
The House then divided upon the amendment
of the journal, and the tellers reported 106 in favor
of ths amendment, and 107 against it, neither of
the New Jersey members voting upon the ques-
tion.    So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SLADE then moved to strike i rom the de-
cision of the Chair of yesterday, as entered upon
the journal, the words, "the Chair made this de-
cision with the greater confidence, because he had
declared it before he had been placed by a vole of
the Houce in ihe place he now occupied.
Mr. PETRIKIN wished to know if it was in
order now to amend the paragraph which they had
just decided the would notam?nd.
Mr. SLADE then withdrew his amendment.
Mr. GRAVES then moved lo amend Ihe journal,
by striking out from the declaration made by Mr.
Dromgoole yesterday, ihe words "unless otherwise
directed by the House." Mr. G. felt perfectly con-
vinced that that language had not been ustd by
the gentleman from Vtginia at the lime he put the
interrogatory to the Chair, therefore he desired that
it might be struck from ihe journal.
Mr. WISE hoped his. irtend from Kentucky
would not press this amendment, for he jccollecte I
disiincly that his c- lleagae had used the words "un-
less instructed otherwise by the House."
Mr. GRAVES contended that if those words had
been us d by the gentleman Imm Virginia, they
were used after th  Chair had mrd? his decision,
and not at the time that he pnpounded the inquiry
lo ihe Chair, and consequently ihcy ought to be
struck from the journal at ihe place where they
were inserted. He was the more convinced that
the gentleni-n had not u^-cd these words at tr-e time
referred to because he had the testimony of the fact
i rom the reports of every repotter at.d letter writer
in the Hou^e.
Mr DROMGOOLE hoped it was not the inten-
tion o!" the gentleman from Kentucky to impute to
him the charee of havit.g made a uilful misstate-
ment on the Hour. He was strangely mis aken ¡n
his recollection, if he did not use the words " un-
less otherwise directed by Ihe House " H? did
not know what the reporters had said in rpla'iort to
ihis mattrr: and as l o what the ¡c.ter writers hid
said, he was also uninformed, for he icr*'.' bir few
of their letters. Hit be thought he ha I vatedin
jesterday thai he did r.«i rise to debate Ihe qu s-
t:on, but beau' called to di<t harg'-- a dmy bo a te:l-r,
and being unwilling to dee'm? dischntgrng t'-at
du:y, he had made an it>q :>ry ¡>s to the raatoir n
wh'ch that duty was to i-.i di^-.harred. H h.:;t
then stated that there were pre«ei.t ten gentlemen
fiom New Jeisey, who had r laced tí¡e:r nati es on
desks on this floor, and who claimed sea's as mem-
