2S
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
beis, and he had asked how he cou'd decide as to
which of these persons were entitled to vol*. He
had then staled to the Chur, that if he was called
upon to discharge this du y, he would count the
whole ten members, unless, otherwise d rected by
the House. Tht- Cha r, as he understood htm,
had made a general decision, as to who should be
counted, whtn he replied that he did not know the
members from New Jersey, but he was quite cer-
tain that befoie Jhe Chur made his final decision,
he (Mr. D.") stated that he would count ali the
memoes from New Jersey,unless otherwise directed
by the House.
The CHAIRMAN (Mr. Adav.s) said he cer-
tainly understood the gentleman from Virginia to
say that he would count all the persons claiming
seats from New Jersey unless otherwise directed by
the HoDse; and it was because the gentleman had
said that he would count persons whom the Chair
supposed could not constitutionally vote, th-it the
Chair had made the decision which had been re-
ferred to. There were, as it appeared, eleven
members on the fljor claiming seals as the Repre-
sentatives o the S'ate of New Jersey, when that
State was enti leJ to but six member*, and when
one of the tellers declared that unless otherwise di-
rected, he would count the who e of these ele /en
persons, the Chair found himself compelled to say
that he could only count those legally and constitu-
tionally entitled to seats. This was the reason why
the Chair made the decision as as he had made it.
Otherwise he would have decided a  he had done
done to-day. If it had not been for that declara-
tion of the teller, the Chair would have said to th*
tellers, that whenever a person attempted to vole
whom they considered as not entitled to vo'e,
they should report that fact to the meeting, and the
meeting would decide on the question. It was
this declaration of the gentleman from Virginia,
that he would count all who presented themselves,
which induced the Chair to decide that those per-
sons only were entitled to vote who had presemed
the evidsnee required by the Constitution of ihe
Unued States and the laws of New Jersey; and in
making his decision, the Chair had no disposition
to usurp the powers of the H >us-; because he was
perfeet.y aware that what did take place would
take place—that an appeal would be taken from
the decision of the Chur to the meeting itself, and
that the meet.rig would have to decide it. His de-
cision was merely provisional, and it was for ihe
meeting to coriect that decision, if tney con-
caved it to be in error. The Chair conceived this
to oeco usurpation of the powers of the body; and
10 regard to the observations which had been made
in lite fljor, charging hun with having committed
a monstrous usurpation, he would only say, in re-
p'y to the gent email who made these observations-,
it they were made for the purpose of intimidating
trie Chair from performing his duties as he under-
5 ood them, they were mistaken in regard to the
effect which ihey would have. Tne Chais would,
hoH^ver ,hce observe that, in his belief, tuere was
jn tins meeting at the present tune, more of heat
than oí diversity of opinion upon the subject. Tne
Chair made thi* decision, aware not only that u
vas subject to appeal to the majority ot the meet-
ina its'" lr, but he decided nothing as to the power
of the Mi mber> from New Jerw-y to vote on the
m unquestio.i which was vt issue—that is to -aj, up"
on the election ol Speaker of this House. Tne Chur
considered himself in the pKce he mw iccupted
for ihe sols purpose ot organiz ng tne House, and
tne moment it was organized, the Chairman would
ci 1 upon them, according to the requisitions of the
C ustitution to elect a Speaker, and under the
rules of the Hoqsp, that election was to be viva voce.
When that 'ook place, all the powers of the prt s'nt
Churmin closed. Bat upoi that election ol
Speaker, if any rid vi iu.il presented him': If,
«'i > n any o her rm mht r of the House believed n >i
a i'h i-i7td lo '.ote, objection couU be t«k n ,o the
c'untingof ho vote, anJ then the House won d
f -n y (  cióV oí (hit question. As to all these
qfstions winch had been agitate! upon the
motnn-. to amend the journal, the Chair would
only siy, as h" hid said before, that th°re was
m ire heat in them than diversity of opn>on;anl
the   Chur,  above   all   things,   was deurou* to
a lay that heat, and bring the meeting to a
cool and calm decision on the question be-
fore them; and as to the ultimate result—
the question whether the New Jer ey members
should vote upon the election of a Speaker, or not
__he thought it time to settle  that question when it
should arise. At the present moment, when the
question was iiade as to who should be counted,
the Chair was not compelled to iorbid the tellers
from doing that which they said they would do-
that is to say, count persons not entitled to vote, and
m order to prevent that, the Chair prupo ed that
the tellers should report whoever passtd between
them, and if any person passed through, whose
right to vote was contested, to report that fact to
the meeting. Well, what was the tact? No ob-
jection was made on either side, to any person w 10
passed through; and who can tell that the case
will not be precisely the same in the election ol a
Speaker. Who can tell whether this question will
arise at all. If it does arise, then the House, be-
ing organized, will be prepared to dee'dj it in the
regular form. The Chairman considers that his
duties will be at an end the moment the House is
organized; for he will then call upon the H nise to
electa Speaker, and whenever obj-ctions is made
to any member voting on that election, it will be
for the House to decide that que stion. The Chair-
man can decide no hmg in regard to that, as he
was. appointed to ihe Chur for no other purpess
than to comp ete the call of the roll of the H JUse,
and have put down upon it the name oí every per-
son claiming to be a member. The Chair has
decided no question whatever which will effect the
piactical point of controversy, aud when the House
arrived at that, it can decide it freely and luliy.
Where, then, was the usurpation spoken of in the
decision* of the Chair? The Chair has said that
his sole and greatest object here was if possible, to
allay the heat exhibit* d, and bring every member
to deeide coolly on theq íest.on beiore him. There
was an expedient whic hhad occurred to the Chair
of avoiding all these questions ol difficulty, and
that was a case which occurred in the last Piesi-
dential election. In that case, it will be within Ihe
recollection of most of the members of this House,
there was a qnestion whether the vote, of the State
of Michigan should be admitted and counted. It
will be recollected that, at that time, the State had
not been admitted into the Union, but had formed
itself into a S'ate Government, anl appointed elec-
tors to vote for President and Vic President.
When the votes of the different States were sent in,
Michigan among ihe rest,a question arose, the same
in principle wiih the present question, as to whether
the vote of the State of Michigan should be count-
ed, and the course taken at that time was this:
A resolution was presented to the Senate and pass-
ed, as follow-.:
Resolved, That in relation to the votes of Michi-
gan, if the counting or omitting to cunt them -hall
not essentially change the result of the elec'ion,
they shall be reported by the President of th^ Se-
nate m the following manner- " Were the vote* of
Michigan to be cruited, the resuft would  be for
A.   B. for  President ot the Uni'ed States---------
vote',    li not counted, for A. B   for President of
the United Slates---------votes.   But in either case
A   B. is elected  Pies dent of ihe Un fd Sates "
And in the saiie manner for Vict Pre  detit.
This reso u'ion was couiei fed in bv the Hou->e
of Representatives, ?n\ accordingly when the volts
«ere counted tip on this fljjr, ihe votes of M chi-
gan were included, and it was aim >unced—f« r
MartinV.n Buren, if the voles of Michigan be
counted, 170; if the vo'ei- of M-ehigan be not
counted, 167; but in either event, Marin Van Bu-
ren r f Ni w York is e' >efed President of the United
State..
It seemed t  h< n tint this prece 'ent furni hed a
principle by wh ch this whole difficulty might be
settled. Let the membeis from Net? Jersev be
counted as votin , as he held that to bs the due of
the peop'e of New Jersey, for he begged the meet-
ting to understand, in the course he hid taken, that
it was the pght of the people of New Jersey which
he attempted to sustain It thobepeison> «ere
preveited from voting wh" come here c mis-
sioned by the Governor of New Jersey, the people
of New Jersey were deprived ot their representa-
tion in Congress, and it was hisfj vish, abovi all
things, if possible, to avoid the suppression of the
voice of the peop'e of Ne v Jersey As to the que-
tion whether the State of N-w Jers.v should be re-
presented bv c ne set ol men or another set of men,
he believed tbete n,.s not mu h diversity
of opinion in the Hoi <e. At least, for
himself, he would appeal 10 the íesolution which he
htd offer.da ihe h t -e sion He wou'd appeal
to that if solution as & i e.id arc that then, as now,
his opinion was th it i Speaker c uld '.ot be elected
until this que tic n was h's' d cided. That was
his ODinien then, it was h s i pinion now, and he
had offered tnis rcso'utio i i. avoid ihe veiy dint-
culty in which we w<_re notf involved He was of
opinion then, as now, mat the e'ect on ol Speaker
could not take p'ace, cons denof the s.-ue of par-
ties in this House, until the ques ion with regard to
Ihe New Jersey me.u')ers was lust settled, and he
had offered th?t le-olu ion to pío; i \  tor the case
The House cho e r jt to consul r that resolution,
and the case wa- unpren i 'ed it r, and it is now tor
ihe House to decide. Th~ He.use, when it is pro-
perly constituted, will beompetent to d^c de it,
and it may, before the election of a Speaker, ap-
point a committee to txirmne Lis question be-
tween the different re'urns irom IN ew Jersey, and
report that toth^ Hojse, at. 1 th  House may decide
upon it. With respeet to the d fficulty of persons
attempting to vote ivh^e rights are disputed, it ap-
peared by the queshcnjeisf s-etiieel, that no such
ca~e had ar sen, and it was prerrature to look for-
ward to sueh a cie. Wh'n the quest-on cam*
practically up as to whether those members
should be counted or not, it appeared to him that
the ca<e of the vote of the Sta-e of Michigan, in
the last Presidential election, would provide a solu-
tion of that difficulty. ¿nd with respect to the
right of voting of these members, there was a pre-
cedent uadfr the old form of Government, wh ch
might serve to threw some lujht on the subject.
If gent'emen would consult the journals of the old
Congress, fourth v lume, page 4015, they would
find that a gentleman claiming a seat from Ihe
State of Rhode Island, by the name of Howell,
rose to speak u-cn a motion, when he was called
to order by Mr. Mercer, and a question was
made whether he had a right to speak or partici-
pate in the proceedings of Congress, because the
State of Rhode Island only elected m'mbers for
one year,and that year hat expired. This ques-
ti >n was put to the House in ten or fifteen differ-
ent form*, as to wr-ethu 'be members froms Rhode
Islaud should be permi'ted to vote, and on every
one of those question*, the membeis from Rhode
Island did vote until the qufs'ion was finally given
up. Now with tl^e two precedent* in view, he
would ask gentlemen to examne the matter before
us, and see il they cou'd n >t come to the *oluuon
of ihe quest,! r. perfectly sa.i 'actory on all sides.
Mr. GR WES .nade some furiher remarks in
suppoit of his mol,on.
Mr. WISE <a.d he would sate the facts again,
and as he was very confident in the truth ot his re-
collections, he would ask it o! nis friend from Ken 
tucky as a petsonil favor that he would withdraw
his motion. He w< uld stale again that his col-
leigue ii d n?ke ihe dcJara mti he asserted he
did, rnd he was confirmed >n his leco'iections from
th* tact wh ii lae Chvi.i reported to ins House
what had b^en said by ns colleague, ihe latter rose,
ami corietic ' him by stat.ng tint he said that he
vould couut all a ho pre ented themselves, unless
otherwise directed oy th<; House In the correct-
ness of th'S siateiiipnt, Mr W. sud he w0s sus-
tained by the rec dkctions ot all the gentlemen
round ii'iu, buin ot th* Opposition and Aministra-
tn>n parties
Mr. GRAVES sa-d it appe?rod to him that
there* wis only a nih li It rst< i d nq be'weeu him-
self an 1 \hi senilcni<-n fion "Viig.iua The gen-
tleman's coi'tag >e .it, u w is irue, add the wolds
stated, bat it v  s alter ihe d-cision of ihe Chair
wis given. Ii th? ap, pa! wa-. R.ade on thegroui.d
mat th  giiitleoi u fn pi Virginia would, unless
otherwise diree-b-d bv the 3f use, &v. and it should
so appear on the j ur"'
v ou d vote against
su^tatng the elect ion oí he Chur.   Bui it it was,
