CONGRESSIONAL GLOÉE.
31
Middlesex aforesaid, do hereby certify that the
foregoing isa true copy from an original paper, on
file in ray office, and that the haul original paper
has the following endorsement, to wit: "South
Amboy return of votes, Oc'ober, 1838, not pursu
ant to law, received October 12, 183S.
N. BOORAEM, Clerk.
In witness whereof, I have hereunto
set my hand and affixed the seal of
said county, at New  Biunswick, this
fifteenth day of April, A. D. 1839.
N. BOORAEM,
Cleik.
We, the judge and inspectors of election in (he
township ot Millville, in ihe county of Cumber-
land, do hereby certify, that having proceed to
receive the votes of ihe voters of the said town-
ship, the following is a list of all the candidates
voted for, of ihe offices proposed for them, and the
nu.nber of votes for each:
For Congreis.
Joseph Kille, Salem            -           -   206 votes.
William R. Cooper, Gloucester - 206 "
Daniel B. Ryall, Monmouth " - 206 "
Peter D. Vroom, Somerset -           -   206   "
ManniBg Force, Morris     -           -   205   "
Philemon Dickerson, Passaic - 206 "
Thomas Jones Yorke, Salem         -    100    "
Charles C. Stratton, Gloucester - 100 "
Joseph F. Randolph, Monmouth - 100 "
William Halstead, Mercer -           -    100   "
John P. 8. Maxwell, Warren - 100 "
John B. Aycrigg, Bergen  -           -   100   "
For Members of ihe Legislative Council.
Israel Stratton        ...    196 votes.
Nathaniel Foster   -           -           -   110   "
For Members of General Assembly.
Samuel Bowen      -                             206 votes.
David Whitecar   -           -           -   207   "
David Jones           ...   206   "
Isaac H. Hampton             -                  97   "
Belford M. Bonham           -           -   100   "
John Elmer           -           -           -    100   "
David Campbell
For Sheriff.
306
For Coronert.
Jonathan Brooks   *           -           -   206   "
Thomas M. Barracliff       -           -   206   "
Charles Shute       -           -           -   206   "
David W. Carnes -           -           -     99   "
Lemuel Dare        -           -           -   100   "
Robert Fithtan, Slock Creek          -   100   "
Who!e number of votes, 306.*
In witness whereof, we have hereunto set our
hands and seals this tenth day of October, A. D.
one thousand eight hundred and thirty-eight.
PRESTON STRATTON, Judge, [l. s ]
WM CHARLESWORTH, In^p [l s]
ISAAC BÜZBY, Inspt.                 |l. s ]
Lewis Mkdpcbd, Jr. Clerk.
•The words, "whole number of votes three hun-
dred and six," were interlined before signing.
We, the subscribers, residents and freeholders in
the township of Millville, do hereby certify that
William Charlesworth was duly and legally
elected one of the Inspectors of an election for
members of Congress, members of Council, As-
sembly Sheriff, and Coroners, held in the town-
ship of Millville, in the county of Cumberland, on
the ninth and tenth day of October, cghteen hun-
dred and thitty-eight, in the room and phce of
Nathaniel Foster, who, beii.g a candidate, could
not serve.
WM. STRATTON,               [l s ]
JAMES M. RROOKFIELD, |l. s ]
JOHN OTTERSOX,              [l s ]
Stale e/^Jtte Jersey, Cwnbci land efitmfy, ! ■
I, Jo«iah Fithian, C'erkol the Ccuitof Common
Pleas in anil tor said tojnt), d-> certify that the
foregoing are true copies of Hie oi "ain.il certificates
received by mc at my hou^e, by the hands of Wil-
liam Stratton, on Satutday, the thirteenth day of
October, A. D 1838, between the hours o( ten and
eleven o'clock in the afternoon of said day.
In testimony whareof, I have here-
unto sabscrtbed my name, and affixed
J£ my seal of office, this eighteenth day
(i? of October, anno Domini one thou-
sand eight  hundred and thtnveight.
JOSIAH FITHIAN, Clk.
While the Clerk was progressing with this tes-
timony, he was interrupted by
Mr. HALSTED, who rose to a question ->f
order, ai.d inquired whethrr it was competent for
the gentleman from Ohio to hive read as part of
his speech, evidence which was taken contrary to
the laws* of Ne<v Jersey. We have, said h<", abun-
dance of testimony taken in accordance with the
law, which they also could produce.
Mr. DUNCAN. The gentleman can have his
testimony read, if he pleases, at a proper time.
The CHAIR said that when the reading of pa-
pers was called for, and not objected to at the time,
the reading must be suffered to co on.
Mr. WHITE rose to a qaes'ion of order. He
asked if these depositions were taken under legal
notice, and in conformity with the laws of the
State of New Jersey.
The CHAIR said that the documents were read
as a part of the cient'eman's speech.
Mr. WHITE said he objected to the read;ng of
depositions taken without notice and in due form
of law. He protested against the reading of such
depositions when the rights of gentlemen were
thereby infringed.
Mr. CRAIG observed that these depositions
were not to bind any one, and gentlemen could
form such opinions with regard to themasth'y
thought proper. He under-tood, however, ihat
the documents now being read formed part of the
evidence that was before ihe Executive Council of
New Jersey, and the legality was not then con-
tested. He submitted to gentlemen whether it
could be considered fair to suppress any of the tes-
timony necescary for a correct understanding of the
question.
Mr. WHITE renewed his appeal to Ihe Chair
on the point of order, and was proceeding to dis-
cuss it; when
Mr.TURNEY called him to order.
The CHAIR said, ihat when an objection was
made to the reading of a document, the rule re-
quired that the question a^to reading it must be de-
termined by a vote of the Hou«e.
Mr. DUNCAN observed that the reason why he
wanted the reading of the documents was, that he
had stated that the five gentlemen whose names he
mentioned had not the evidence of membership re-
quited by the laws of New Jersey. This he had
repeatedly stated, both in public and in private,
and he therefore desired the reading of these docu-
ments to support the truth of what he said. He
had a right to have them read for his own security,
for they would prove conclusively to every unpre-
judiced mini that the cettificatis and "broad seal"
produced by the=e gentlemen were net in conformity
with the laws of the State of New Jersey.
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiania inquired if the
papers were private papers belonging to the gentle-
man from Ohio, or papers in the possession of the
House.
The CHAIR said that they were papers lying
on the Clerk's table.
Mr. GARLAND. Then it seemed that they
were papers belonging to the Clerk's < ffice, and if
the gen'leman fiom Ohio had a right to have them
read, any gentleman here might oal> for the reading
of all the documents in the Clerk's rffice. Now,
what I undtrst?ni fiom the rule is thi". that papéis
may be read if they are private property, and not
if they are publ c record*.
Mr.'ULLlNGHASr gave it as his opnion
that the papéis could not be n ad r.ithout the as-
sent of the House, and referred gentlemen to Jef-
ferson's Manual in support of his op:nion.
Mr. VANDERPOEL was informal 'hat these
pipers were returned to the Governor of New Jer-
*We learn, from the very best authority, that the
law alluded to by Mr. Halsted has been enacted
subsequently to the taking of these depositions, and
was passed for the purpose of attempting to invali-
date them.
sey, and laid before ihe Privy Council, and were
part of the evidence (n which they acted- papers
which Mr. Dickerson, and those who claim with
him, had no ag ncy in procuring. I should be
glad, said Mr. V. lo have these papers before ihe
House in some form.   I say give us 1'ght.
Mr. RANDOLPH. I must correct the gentle-
man. These papers never were before the Privy
Council.
Mr. VANDERPOEL. I am authorized to say
by Mr. Di;KFRSONand Mr. Vroom that they were.
Mr. RANDOLPH. The gentlemen are mis-
taken: they were not before the Privy Council.
Mr. VANDERPOEL. Thee paréis are copies,
but does the gentleman mean to deny that the on-
gin?l papers, of which these are copies, were be-
foie the Governor and Council of New Jeisey?
Mr. RANDOLPH.   No, sir.
Mr. VANDERPOEL. Then I will submit it
to the House, whether the denial of the honorable
gentleman was nota quibble.
Mr. RANDOLPH. I do not deny that ¡hey
were laid before the Council, and placed on file,
but the question of their reception wa« argued, and
ably argued, and one of ¡he points decided was,
that they should not be received.
Mr. WHITE referred to the Manual, to show
thai no member could read papers without the
leave of the House.
Mr. BYNUM. I hope that if this House means
to preserve even the appearance of justice, that
these documents may be permitted to be read I
hope, for the credit of the House, that this investi-
gation may be conducted in a fair and impartial
manner, and that no testimony may be suppres.-ed
which is necessary to a correct understanding of
the question. Why, we have had gentlemen acting
almost like attorneys here—feed attorneys, for
aught I know—occupying almost the whole time of
the House, with arguments and testimony on one
side, while not one word of testimony has been per-
mitted lo be given on the other. Weak must be
the argument, weak must be the cause, which re-
quires such a support.
Mr WHITE. If the gentleman will state that
this testimony was taken in conformity with the
laws of New Jersey, I will withdraw my objec-
tions to it.
Mr. BYNUM. I have nothing to do with the
laws of New Jersey. I am for the people of New
Jersey, and their right to say who shall be their
Representatives here. Statement after statement,
and certificate after certificate, has been read on
one side, while not one particle of evidence has
been suffered to come out on the part of the
other. Now if gentlemen can succeed in pre-
venting the people of New Jersey from being
heard on this floor, we understand the game they
are playing; but wc want also to understand the
game that the people of New Jersey are playing,
and we want also to hear what evidence they ad-
duce to justify the Representatives they have cho-
sen in taking theii seats here. If gentlemen have
that candor and that fairness which all ought to
possess, they would say at once to us: Bung forward
your evidence, let it be read, and we will then
brim* forward evidence to counteract it. Mr. B.
protes'ed against the never ending quibbling manntr
in which gentlemen sought to '•uppres* the evidence
which operated against them. He hoped, if this kind
of objections were persis'ed in, that the gentleman
from Ohio LMr. DuncanJ would read thats atemeot
from the Cima. Tins he had a right todo, if
gentlemen, in courtesy to him, would not ptrmit it
tobe done by the Clerk. Gentleman of the Op-
posite n won'd iheretore gain but 1.1 tie by prevent-
ing the Clfrk from reading the lesttmo' y. it w?.s
the truth, they were attempting to stifle, wh-ch,
sooner oi later, ir us! come before the wrrid, wbrn
tht-ir i.bjeet in er-der.vormg to suppre** it, would
be cleai'v nrd-r^tood.
Mr. DUNCAN, at the solicitation of Mr.
CRAIG, cave way for a motion of adjournment.
And the House ai'journed.
IN SENATE,
MoNnty, December 9, 1839.
Mr. STRANGE appeared in his seat this morn-
ing.
