32
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ALLEN offered the fallowing resolution:
Rmlved, That a committee be appointed to wait
on the Preiident of uV united States.and lo inform
him that a quorum of the Senate has assembled,
and that the Senate is ready to receive any com-
munication of an Executive character which he
may make.
No objection being made, the resolution was
considered and agreed to, and Messrs. ALLEN
and WRIGHT were appointed the committee.
Mr. TAPPAN offered the following resolution,
which lavs over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to report to the Senate:
1.   Wh t would be the effect upon the military
service of the country, of a regulation by wh ch all
officers of thp army, on arriving at sixty years of
age, should be permuted to retire from service upon
half pav.
2.   What would be the probable annual charge
upon the Treasury of'such a regulation.
Tins being the day designated for the election of
the officers tf the Senate, the  Senate proceeded to
bal ot for a Secretary, and on counting the ballots
th« following, was declared to be the result:
Whole number of ballots    -           -           37
For Asbury Dickens                                     37
Mr. Dicken:?, accordingly, was declared to be
unanimously re e'ected.
The oath of effice was then administered to Mr.
Dickens by the CHAIR.
The Senate then proceeded to balk t for a Ser-
geant-at-Arms and Doorkeeper, and  the following
was declared to be the result:
Whole number of ballots                              37
ForS'ephen Haight            -           -           36
Mr. Bassett       ...              1
Mr. Haight was accordingly declared to be
re elected, and took the oath of office.
The Senate then proceeded to ballot for an Assist-
ant Doorkeeper, and the following was declared
to be the result:
First         Second          Third
ballot           ballot       ,    billo*
For Mr. B al,                 15             17             20
Ba^nt,               6               8               6
Dyer,                  2               6               7
Robinson,            3               2              3
Hanna,               2               2               1
Hanson,              1
Randolph,           4               1
Owner,                1
Hawe,                1
Srott,                   1                1
Spencer,              1
Mr. Beal having, on the third ballot, received a
majority of the whole number of votes, was de-
clared to be elected, and took the oath of office.
Mr. HUBBARD gave notice that he would, at
the earliest day it would be in order to do go, a k
'eave to bring in a bill to establi'h a toard/of c m-
nmMcners to hear and determine claims against
the United ^tates.                                    /
Tne Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, Decmben 9, 1839.
At 12 oVock the CHAIRMAN (Mr.  Adam*)
called ihe H>u« to order, when the^journa! of Sa-
lur'ay was lead.                     ,        ,
Tne question was then sfatril by/the CHAIR to
be id ihe tlj-ciions of Mr \tIlKE ol Kentucky
to the reiv'irg of certain dtcurnetf's b\ tl.e Clfuií,
the read n« < f which had been/c lkd for by Mr.
DUNCAN, in ihe reuse of hr/ peech.
Mr. GHANGER addressed the House at some
length i.pon this point. H-1 took it (or granted,
from the course ol the majority m the Hou-e, and
the lai guagc of ihe o/Tirial organ of ihe Ar'mini -
fratun, ihat ihe majority—the one hundred nnd
twenty one i  embers—were drteinunfd to settle
(his quPMion with retard to the New Jersey mem-
ber", befóte the Hou=e proceeded to organ ze, by
Ihe flection of a Speaker, and other cfficen>. If
(his was the coutíp m'em'ed to be pursued, and if
h was determined in the House that the testimony
on the part of me set of persons from New Jersey
should be presented to the House, he thought it im-
portant that an opportunity should be given the
members on the other side to present testimony also
to the House. If testimony on one side was to be read
here, the other side should ako have the opportunity
to take testimony to rebut it.    He took it tlut
no msn was prepared to vote (or hearing testimony
on one side, who would not be willing to hold the
c-.se open until the whole lestiroony could be pre-
sented en both  sides.    For himself, he wou'd pre-
fer another course of proceeding; but a« the Acini-
nitration party preferred this course, and seemed
to be willing to take the  responsibility <>f it upon
themselves, he would vote for  ihe readma i í these
papers.   The only difficulty wi h him, was " at
the quesfon  had not been presented fairly to the
Home.     When it   was   presented  fairly,   thee
would rest upon the House such a responsibility as
had never before rested upon it.   It would th«n be
for the majority to say, whether, incases like these,
the regular certificates of the properly constituted
authont es shall be passed by, in   order that the
House may try the rights of members to beats upon
the volunteer certificates of persons unknown here,
and only under the obligations of an oatb before a
justice of the peace.   Mr. Q. contended  thai ihe
pas-ing over regular certificates was a dangerous
precedent, and cited cases to ?how what a tenden-
cy it might have.   He contended, if this doctrine
was once established, the votes of whole  S'ates
might be thrown away in cases where the election
of a President devolved upon the House of Repre-
sentatives.    Delaware, Michigan, and  Arkansas
were each represented on this floor by a single Re-
presentative;  and in case of a warmly contested
Presidential election, where the   decision of tl e
question would eventually devolve upon the Hou^e
of Representative^ perjury might procure 'ufficie&t
arB lavits to prevent the members from those States
from voting upon the election of a President, if
this new doctrine was once established.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said the question wa«,
whether the papers on the Clerk's table should bu-
read by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Duncan]
They were papers that went to show, that, accord-
ing to the ballot boxes, a. majority of the popular
vote was given for Mr. Dickerson and hts associ-
ates. If this point were well established here, either
by evidence such as would «ansfy the conscience
of any reasonable man, or by the admission of the
parties interested, or their friend, thp only uncon-
tested member from New Jersey, [Mr. Randolph,]
he thought the House would immediately be pre-
pared to act, not only upon this question of order,
but upon the point, which set of gentlemen should
be r*?arded as the !??&! and genuine members of
this House. The position which he (Mr. V.) took
when he submitted his first remarks on Tuesday
last, was, that if the House could be convinced
that Mr. Dickerson and his associates bad actually
received the majority of the popular vote as canvassed
by the board of canvassers, who presided over the
boxes, and whose duty it was to receive and can-
vass the votes, and pass upon the qualifications of
the voters, it would be its duty, at once, to do what
the Governor had done; give them, as the lawjers
would say, their certificate, nunc pro tunc, and let
them take their seats. In order to ascertain these
questions of facts e'earty and dis'inctly, he would
propound to the gentNman from New Jersey, be-
fóle him, [Mr. Raspvlph] a few questions. The
first question he would a«k that honrr&ble gentle-
man was, \ hether, according to the bal'ot boxes,
and ihe canvass made by the canvassing officers
who received the votes, Mr. Dicípr-osí and h,s ?s-
sociales did not receive a majority of ihe popular
vote*.?
Mr. RANDOLPH answered }es; that, including
the voters who were disqualified, and had no right
to vote, they did.
The next question he would ask the gentleman,
was, whether if the town* of Millville and Souih
Amboy were included, Messrs. D CKERsoNand his
associates would have a majority of the popular
vote?
Mr. RANDOLPH responded that they would;
ihat he would not deny ihat ¡he towns of Millville
and South Amboy were excluded by the Governor
and Privy Council in casting up the votes.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he would ask another
question for information from  the gentleman.
a   nio^t
but  as
it   was   ntedless
getit'emen
After the board of canvassers, the primary tal mal,
had canvassed the votes and returned their cem-
ficate of the votes to the county clerk , could th 
counly clerks, or the Governor and Privy Count ,1,
accord.ng to the laws of New Jersey, go ml-, he
ballot boxes and reject votes, on the ground that
the votes of aliens or other disqualified persons had
entered the boxes.
Mr. RANDOLPH was about to rue, ard
Mr WISE here arose and objected to tlvs cout^e
of catechism as beirg rut of order; and while he
was nroctedingtoshowdiatitwiis not   in  order,
Mr VANDERPOEL said he wou'd wane 'be
ques'ion and answer it himself
Mr V. said that he had hea'd much aeo-.t
"leamng over ihe law," but he was in. nc d to a k
this question in order to 'how thrt ih-<e pentlnren,
who were now such st.ckleis for the laws ot *r„ «
Jersey, were themselves sanctioning
palpable violation of law;
objected to the question
pr'ss it, and more especially, as he, in common
with tvery other gentleman on this fl< or v. ho
cou'd read the English lai guage, could answo
it. He had merelj question^ the gentleman, m
order to have the írres-suble conclusion of that
gentleman's mind, superadded to the clear interpre-
tation of a statute of his own State. Let gentlemen
read the law of New Jersey, and they will look in
vain there for any authority on the part ef the
mere returning officers, the clerk? of counnes, or
the Governor and Privy Council, to enter the ballot
boxes, and reject votes, on the ground that vdets
were disqualified. They wen; mere returning
officers, and, could not arrest vote  on 'he r v ay to
this Hou^e, the only appellate court, after the pn-
ma'y court, the board of canvasser*, the keepers
of the ballot boxes, had pas«d upon ihe r quali' ca-
tions. No one had pretended, no gentleman c( uM
pretend, that the county clerks and Governor and
Privy Council, could act in a judicial capacty, av d
purge the polls. These, then, were most importan
admissions, made by (he only undisputed mer.bei
from New Jersey, and the ardent fr end and sup-
porter of the claims of the Governor'  members.
We now could have no further dispute, either
about the facts of the case, or the law of New Jer-
sey, They were not only inconte«tably proved by
the papers on the Clerk's table, but were unequi-
vocally admitted by the sole Representative of ihe
Stat* in question. What coutse, then, should we:
pursue in relat;on to reading papers?
Here Mr. V. sa'd he would state how far he
thought we ought to tolerate the reading of papers
in this our stale of preliminary organizaticn. H"
had no doubt we were competent to try the whole
case after the roll was called and before a Speaker
was cho«en; but the argument of inconvenience
might, and as he thought should, deter us from go-
ing into the question of di.-qnahfied voters before
the House was fully organi7ed, because we had no
Committee of Elections,and that question geneirlly
depended upon voluminous and conflicting testi-
mony, upon the consideration of which it might be
very inconvenient to enter before a complete orga 
nization. But this objection did not apply to th*i
reading of papers designed to show the simple pro-
position that one or the other set of gentleman, «c-
cordingtothe ballot boxes, received a majority of
the votes. This generally was, and in this case
was most emphatically a question capable of
proof by a mere isolated document, return, or other
paper, and in this case was proved not only by
such dicnment, but by the admission of the mem-
ber from New Jersey himself, [Mr. Randolph.]
Was there, he put it to ¡he consciences of gen-
t'emen, any rlnpute about the all import
tant question of fact, that the Governor's
members d d not, according to the voles as can-
vassed, receive a majority of the votes given in the
Sta-e? What was, ih^n, the safe course, the
eoursp, he had almost sa,d, to which imperious amy
lmpelltd the Houce in this case? Was it proper to
discuss this point upon this mere question of order?
Other gentlemen had pointed their remarks to ire
main question, and while he was up, he would tell
Ihf House what he thought we were imperiously
called upon to do, as matter of warning and exam-
ple lo county clerks, Governors, and other mere
