CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesoat, December 10, 1839.
At 12 o'clock, by the Hou=e clock, the CHAIR
called the House to or ler, and stated thit ihe ques-
tion pending was upon the appeal taken by Cm
Vanderpoel from the decision of tne CHvia,wWit]'
dec s on was, that Mes-r<=. Ayo-igg, H*ls fd,
of New Jersey, were entitled !o vote.
The CHAIR announced that Mr. Dincan of
Ohio was entitled to the floor upon this question—
not having concluded his remarks on a iormer
da}'.
Mr. DUNCAN not appearing in his sea*,
Mr. WISE rose and said, if the gentlermn from
Ohio [Mr. Dunca ] was m the House he wou'd
not do what he wa  about to do; lut if the gei.tle-
man «83 not n the Hous>e he would now move the
previous question.
Mr. DROMGOOLE stated that there was a dif-
ference in the time between ihe House clock and
gentlemen's timepieces, and he hoped his col-
leagues would wait a few minutes to see if the gen-
tleman from Ohio would not cone in.
Mr. WISE thought perhaps that ihe absence of
the gen'lem?n from < hio was intentional, ■avh a
view of permitting the question to be taken; but if
any gentleman would infoim him that the gentle-
man from Ohio wished to address the House, he
would wait with pleasure. In order that the gen-
tleman might have an opportunity to come in, ha
hoped the Chair would leave the question to lie
over a few minutes, or, if ginllemen requested it,
be would withdraw the motion for the present, and
move it afterwards.
Mr. JENIFER inquired of the gentleman from
Virg'nia if it was bis intent on to novf the pre-
v ous question immediately after the gentleman
Iron) Ohio had finished his speech, so that there
might be no opportunity to reply to him; first  o per-
mit the gentleman to make a speech, and then
move it to prevent its being answered?
Mr. WISE. I tell the honorable gentle-nan
that I intend to move the previous question every
t me that I get the chance.
Mr JENIFER. Then I nonr demand the pre-
vious question, for, if the gentleman is allowed to
make a speech, the opportunity ought to bt given to
re; ly to it.
Mr. WISE hoped the Chair would pause a few
moments until gentlemen's watches come up to the
House time.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. Is it in order to move a
call of the House?
Mr. WISE.   There is no House to call.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. If there is no H use,
gentlemen ought to be solemnly called upon to be
here to form a House.
Mr MERCER said his own mspresvon was
that no injustice would be done to the gentleman
from Ohio by moving the previous q'ie-n^n, as
there would be a dozen other questions :•> con.e up
Upon which the fentleman could tini-h ht  speech
The CHAIR stated the course oi proceed nsr on
a call of the House, namelj The roll was eai VI
over and the absentees neted; and in the present
ease, if the roll was to be called, the on  nal ques-
tion of difficulty would ari'e as to who should be
called.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. Then this will bring the
House to the question, which the Hou^e itself must
eventually decide, as to who arc its members.
Mr. CHINN then rose, and, walking towards
the Clerk's table, said there bad been a great deal
of difficulty in determining who were really mem-
b rs of this House, which had determined him as
to the course which ought to re pursued. Sir, (vaid
Mr. C.) I hold in my hand the authoiit  by which
1 «some here to represent the people ot my State.
That authority I now presetit to tbeCmm, and de-
mand to be enrolled as a member fram the State
of Louis ana; and I further propose, m ihe dis-
charge of my duly as a Representative, to give in
my vote for Speaker of the House. If the vote is
to be by ballot, there is my ballot, [handing up the
ticket;] if Die  wee, I vole for Jon  Bfll of Ten-
nessee.
Mr, DROMGOOLE. Has not the ge&Jleman's
name been enrolled before?
I £ Mr. CHINN.   No: it has neither been enrolled
-nor called by the Clerk.
I     Mr. WISE.    It is now past twelve o'clock by
the Admii.iMratton time* and that must be right.
I therefore now move me previous question.
A call of the house uas demanded by seve-
ral gentlemen.
The CHAIR stated that the roll of members had
not been completed; therefore, a call of the House
could not be made.
Tellers were then called for, and Messrs Cartfr
of Tennessee, and Griitin, were appointed tellers
by the Chair.
The House then divided, and the previous ques-
tion was secunatf'}—ayes 110, ro¿s 72.
The ques ¡on then recurred on the question,
"Shall the main question be now put?"
Messrs. Worthington and Taliaferro were
appointed tellers, and the mam question was or-
dctd to 1)8 put—aves 110, noca 48.
Mr. WORTHINGTON stated that three of the
New Jersey members had voted on this question.
[Mr. Düvcan now appeared in the House ]
Mr. SMITH of Maine rose and stated, that the
gentleman from Onto [Mr. Duncan] was now in
his seat, and he a kfd whether he should not bow
be permitted to proceed.
[Loud cries of "order!" "order'" "order!"']
Mr. DUNCAN. I put a question of order to
the Chair.
[Loud and repeated cues of "order!" "older!"
"order'."]
The question then recurred on the main ques-
tion
The CHAIR then s'nud the main question in
substance as follows. Upon a motion to lay the
resolution of the pent'eman from Virginia on the
table, the vole \\p<* about being taken by feller?.
One of th  tellers inqu-rtd who weie entitled to
vole from N;w Jeirey, and the Chair had decided
thai those membeis nold'ns the Governor's certifi-
0.1(0 v icer¡'i''ed to vo;<*. Fiom this decision an
apj~£al to i!ip House had been taken by the geutle-
maifrom New York. The question now was,
' £h <ll the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
it,. n' of the Hi-tibe?"'
The House  then divided; Messrs. Worthing-
t n  ?nd Taluffrro acting as letlers; and the ,
\.ut>  vas—ayes 108, noes 114
So 'he decision ot the Cha>r was reversed.
Mr. WORTHINGTON stated that there were
four members voting who huid the Governor's cer- '
tificate.
A number of persons called out, "How many
were voting who ho'd the certificates of the Secre-
tary of Sta-fi" and Mr CURTIS answered "four."
Mr SMITH of Maine. It is no matter. It
den't change the result
The CHAIR then stated that it would be for the
meeting to decide who should be called as mem-
ber from iV S <jte of New Jersey.
Mi. RHETT inquired of the Chiir if ihe ques-
tio i did not i ow recur on the motion made by him
to by the resolution of the gentleman from Virgi-
nia on the tabic?
The CHAIR stated that that would be the ques-
tion if there was no other question in the way; but
the question now was, who should be counted from
ihe State of New Jersey, the decision of the Chair
having b^en reversed.
Mr. RHETF asked if the question was cot pre-
cisely this: A motion bad, been made by himself
to lay the resoluta n of the gentlemen from Vir-
ginia on the tab'e. Upon a division on that que -
tion, the Chair had deeded that the m mbersfn
New Jersey havirg the Governor's certificate were
to be counted. From that decision an appeal had
been taken to the House; ard the Hou^e had re-
versed >h* decision oí the Ciuir. Then he a«ked
if the House wrn'd not come back to the original
motion to lay on the table?
Mr. WISE asked if, when the House had ex-
cluded one set of gentlemen from New Jersey from
voting, it had not excluded all from that State from
voting. It had excluded those gentlemen holding
the Governot's certificate from voting. Now was
it the intention of gentlemen to permit those per-
sons holding the certificate of tlie Secretary of State
to vote1
'no," from several Administration
"No," "n
members.
Mr. DROOMGOOLE said all difficulty might
now be avoided, by going on as the Clerk had
proposed in the first instance, without counting
any of the disputed gentlemen from New Jersey.
Mr. WISE. This was the decision of the Clkm,
but was it the decision of the House? Let us at-
tempt to progress as we may, this ghost of disorga-
n'zation will rise up before us, and we will then
have to decide who shall vote.
The CHAIR would here remark to the gentle-
man frem South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] that it
would be impossible for him to put the question
upon laying the resolution of the gentleman from
Virginia on the table, until it was determined by
the House who should vote. It would be for the
House to decide for themselves who should be
called; but, said he, the Slate of New Jersey cannot
be deprived of a representation on this floor, and it
shall not be, so long as I stand in this chair.
[Heie there was some little applause from the
galleries.]
Mr. WISE. I move the previous question on
the decision of the Chair.
Mi. THOMAS of Maryland suggested a mode
of proceeding without difficulty. We ought to en-
deavor to get along without difficulty, until it could
be no longer avoided, and then it would be time
enough to d«cide upon this question. Let the vote
be taken on the motion to lay on the table, by tel-
lers; and if the fact of any portion of the members
from New Jersey voting should not change the re-
sult, let the decision of the question be announced
without raising this question; but if, by their
vote-', the result is changed, then it will be time
enough to bring up this question as to who shall
vote. He threw this out_ as a suggestion to the
Hou=e.
Mr. WISE called for the regular order of pro-
ceedings. The Chair had made his decision, and
he (Mr. W.) had moved lha previous question
upun it. Then he demanded that the regular order
of proceedings might be observed.
Mr. BRIGGS. On what question does the gen-
tleman move the previous question?
Tne CHAIR said the gentleman had moved the
previous question on the motion to lay on the table.
Mr. WISE. No, sir. I understood the Chair
to make a decision as to who should vote, and
upon that decision I mov«d the previous question.
The CHAIR then again stated the question as
he had stated it before, and concluded by saying
that the House had reversed his decision; but it
had not determined who should be counted from
New Jersey, and he could not pat the question to
lay on the table until the question as to who should
vote from New Jersey should first be decided.
Mes?rs.BRIGGS, TILLINGHAST, and WISE,
aff rose and addressed the Chair. Half the mem-
bers of the House were standing up.
Mr. SERGEANT rose and said there were
so many members on the floor, and so much
neise in the hall, that it was impossible for gentle-
men to tell what was doing. He hoped members
would take their seats.
Mr. BRIGGS then rose and stated bis impres-
sions as to the question before the House. A
motion had been made to lay the resolution of
the gentleman from Virginia on the table. On that
question tellers were appointed; and when the
House was about diviJing, one of the tellers in-
quired who he should count from the State of
New Jersey. The Chair decided that the tellers
should count the members from that State whohed
the Governor's certificates. From this decision an
appeal had been taken, and the Honse had reversed
the decision of the Chair. Then, he apprehended,
they stood precisely where they did when this ap-
peal was taken; and the question now would be
upon the motion to lay on the table; and he thought
the proper course now would be for the tellers to
count all who passed through, and if any of the
disputed members should vote, let theqa report that
fact to the House. He hoped that the Chair would
direct the tellers to count all who passed through*
Mr. SALTONSTALL hoped that no such direc-
tion would be given.                            .       . .
The CHAIR said he had made his dectROU—
