30                         _____________
that decision had been reversed; and it would now
lie for the House to decide who should represent
the State of New Jersey.                                        ,
Mr. TILL1NGHAST thought the Chair ought
not to put the question on the motion to lay on the
table until the House had decided who should vote
from the State of New Jersey. The appeal from
the decision had been sustained, and it had been
sustained, if we looked at the argument upon it,
upon two grounds. One was that the matter was
n proper subject for the House to determine, and
the other was that the decision was incorrect, whe-
ther by the Chair or the House.
Mr. TURNEY rose to a point of order.     The
question, as he understood it, was to lay the resolu- j
tionofthe gentleman from Virginia on the table; j
and the question to lay on the table, according to
the rules, was not debatable.
The CHAIR said that the question as to who
were to represent the State ef New Jersey must
first be decided, before the question to lay on the
table come up.
Mr. SMITH of Maine said that the Chair had j
direeted that the gentlemen from New Jersey were i
entitled to vote.   An appeal had been taken from j
that decision, and it had been reversed, and the
gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. Tillinohast] I
tad attempted to give the reasons for this vote of
the House; but he would tell the gentleman that
the strongest  reason which operated  upon him,
was the 34th rule of the House.   He thought the
House had a right to decide under that rule, when
gentlemen were directly, personally, and imme-
diately interested, that they should not vote.   He ¡
believed that many other gentlemen besides himself i
had voted against the decision of the Chair in
consequence of this rule.                                       ¡
Mr. McKAY moved that none of the disputed !
members from New Jersey be permitted to vote
until the question was decided.
Mr. GRAVES rose to a question of order.   His
point was this: there was a question before the
House, and the previous question had been moved  ¡
upon it; therefore, no gentleman had the right to
bring up a separate and independent proposition !
until that question was disposed of.                        j
The CHAIR said the previous question could |
not be put until this question as to who should re-
present the State of New Jersey should first be  ,
decided.
Mr. McKAY then moved that neither set of
members from New Jersey shall vote until the
question who shall vote from the State o/JVew Jersey?
th-Al bs first decided by the House.   He contended
i!iai this was the proper course to be pursued, and   :
re;<■! cti extract from Hatzell in support of his posi-
tion.   It was the uniform practice in the British
Parliament, when seats were contested, that both
p ri ies should withdraw until their case was decided Í
by those who were not personally interested in the i
Matter.   This was the only correct and proper  !
course to be puisued, and he hoped his proposition
would be agreed to by the House. He also referred
to the case of Howell and Everett of Rhode Island,
in the continental Congress, which had been cited
by the Chairman, and showed that the Rhode
Island members did not vote on their own case in '
the first instance.  Subsequently, however, they did j
vote upon such questions as were presented.
Mr. PROFFIT rose to appeal from the decision
of the Chair.   ["What decision?''from different   i
parts of the House.]
Mr. W. C JOHNSON rose and stated that he I
held in his hand a series of resolutions to offer, Í
which would bring the House directly to a vote on ,
the question at issue. [Cries of "order, order, i
order!"]                                                   '        '
Mr. PETRIKIN rose to a point of order. He   I
wished to know whether it was competent for the
Chair to entertain three or four propositions at one   ¡
lime.                                                                   1,
Mr. JOHNSON.   Let the  gentleman reduce
his point of order to writing.
The CHAIR requested that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania should reduce his point of order to   !
writing.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON would say what he had
to say upon his resolution, while the gentleman
was preparing his point of order.   Mr. J. held that |
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'• \      •       ........   *    ?..
the House had not the right to vote out the Repre-
sentatives of an entire State. The House must
conform to the Constitution and the laws, and they
expressly inhibited the House from taking such
a course, unless the members were sworn in. He
contended that they could not adopt the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from North Carolina, be-
cause, by the law of apportioning Representa-
tives, New Jersey was entitled to six Representa-
tives, and it was not in the power of this House to
deprive her of that representation.
Mr. PETRIKIN then presented his point of or-
der in writing; but
The CHAIR decided against it, because the ques-
tion to lay on the table could not be pending while
the preliminary question was undecided.
Mr. PETRIKIN raised an additional point of
order, as to whether any other motion could be
made, which would set aside that motion. If such
was the decision of the Chair, he would appeal
from that decision.
The CHAIR said that whatever question might
arise, the moment the House came to vote upon it,
the question would arise as to who should vote up-
on it; and the questionas to who should vote, must
be settled before the question to lay on the table can
be put.
Mr. RHETT thought the proper course would
be to decide one question at a time. Mr. R. went
over, and summed up the various questions pre]
sented to the Chair, and concluded by moving the
previous question on the appeal taken by Mr. Pe-
TRIKIN.
Mr. BRIOGS contended that as the question
pending was on the motion of Mr. McKay, an ap-
peal could not be taken on any other question.
The CHAIR then decided that Mr. Petrikin's
motion could not be entertained.
Mr. PETRIKIN. Then I appeal from that de-
cision.
[Loud cries of "order!" "order!" "order1"]
Mr. JOHNSON then asked for the reading of
his resolution.
Mr. BYNUM objected to this course of piling
motion upon motion. If we did not go on and de-
cide questions according to some rule of order it
would be utterly impossible to do any thing.     '
Mr. JOHNSON said he offered his resolution as
a substitute for the motion of the gentleman from
North Carolina. Mr. J's resolution was then read
as follows:
Resolved, That a certiOcate of election as a mem-
ber of the House of Representatives of the United
rv.!lf',dulyum.adf'in c°nformi«y with the laws of
the State which the parties profess to represent,
L0?. Sf'!?edoby ,he Pr°P« officers under the great
seal of he State, is sufficient per se to entitle the
E t0 i"*0    '  gi^n to be sworn in as a
member of the House, provided that no State shall
have more Representatives than is allowed to it by
the Constitution and Jaws of the United States
Resolved, That, under the fifth section of the se-
cond amde of the Constitution, the House of st
presentaUves of the United States can only look
ÍZní Za ""JiT*' and Jud«e of ,he el«S>n,
returns, and qualifications, of its own memr«.r«
aft£ "¿S have bcen organized aSHworn'
Mr. JOHNSON said he* offered ^proposition
as an amendment to the motion of the gentleman
from North Carolina, because he felt that he cTuld
not vote on the motion of that gentleman      w
5aathe„nf°Í|etbeenSrrn; we ha™  o?.aken ihe
oath of office prescribed by the Constitution of be
United States, and he could not consent to see he
vS^r110 the soIemn far<* or mock'ry of
«,T«eCHAIR.saidhedidnot feel authorized to
entertain a resolution, the effect of which would be
to deprive the State of New Jersey of her renrí
HXT" th,S fl0°r>     II Was n°< competent^;
S fon eCllg'° pass such a "solution.     The Jeso
Ettt' /™ North CaroHnTdt
«lareo, in effect, that the people of the Smtn «r
and the Chair could not put the ouestion   !j   I
such a resolution, to the Honw     q          *    P°n \\
———                                             ■                                                                               '.■..■■        ■—i-
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I will offer my resolu-
tion as a separate and distinct proposition. In re-
ply to a proposition which had been made by some
gentlemen on the floor, that all the members from
New Jersey might vote, provided the result was
not changed, he wished to say a few words. New
Jersey was entitled to but six Representatives under
the laws apportioning Representatives, and he held
that it would be a monstrous innovation for the
House to permit eleven members from that State
to vote. That State was entitled to six Represen-
tatives, and she was entitled tono more: and the
question here was, who those six Representatives
should be? This question was settled by the Con-
stitution of the United States and the laws of New
Jersey, and it was incompetent for this House to
take any question upon that until it was first or-
ganized, and gentlemen  had taken the oath of
office.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS rose to ask the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. McKay]
to withdraw his proposition, in order that another
effort might be made to settle this question. Mr. T.
said he had moved no preliminary proposition, he
had offered no amendments to propositions which
had been before the House; not because he had
not felt deeply interested in the questions—not be-
cause he did not feel a deep anxiety to see the
House organized in an orderly manner, and at
an early day, but because he believed that all the
preliminary questions had a tendency to postpone
the organization of the body. He believed that a
large majority of the members of the House had
made up their minds as to how they would vote on
this question, in any shape which it might assume.
Then let it be the effort of every gentleman to
bring the House to action. What was the course
best calculated to do so? Was it best for us to be
chasing shadows and discussing questions which
may never arise? We would have difficulties
enough, by pursuing a straight forward
course, without stepping aside to raise
difficulties which were not in our way.
He knew that there were members here who
held the opinion that four of these New Jersey
members could vote upon the right of the fifth to
take his seat. This was not his opinion; but he
proposed to avoid, if possible, that and other such
questions, because if we went on to discuss them,
as we had done, we might be discussing here till
doomsday without arriving at any practical result.
The course, then, which he intended to pursue
was, not to moot preliminary questions unnecessa-
rily. Let the vote be taken. It was possible, when
it was taken, that the case would siand as it stood
to-day. It may be that the votes of the five dis-
puted members from New Jersey would not change
the result, whether counted or not. When the vote
was taken this morning, it appeared that four of
the disputed New Jersey members had voted, but
their yote3 could not change the result, therefore
no objection had been made from any quarter to
their voting. By this course, the House may avoid
deciding on these vexed pnliminary questions, and
he thought every gentleman ought to endeavor to
avoid them if possible; the public interest required
this; but if they were to be decided on, let them be
decided on when the necessity fot it arises.   It will
I   be time enough, then, to decide on them.
j       With regard to the proposition of the gentleman
from North Carolina, it, in his opinion, decided no-
thing.   That proposition, as stated verbally, is, in
effect, that the members from New Jersey shall not
vote until the House decides that they shall vete.
Well, suppose this proposition should be adopted
by the House, it would be a mere abstraction.
The House must then go a step further, and say
whether they shall vote or not.   It will be compe-
tent, then, for gentlemen to say that he (Mr. T )
should not vote until the House decided that he
should vote.   The same objection might be raiwd
to any other gentleman's right to vote, and day-
after day would be spent in these preliminary ques-
tions, and no good would result from it.   Then let
us meet the question to-day, and come up to tht
question which is best calculated te avoid all diffi-
culty.   Let us take the vote to lay the resolution of
the gentleman from Virginia on the table, or to re-
ject it; and if the vote of the disputed members from
