38
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
neither advance nor recede. Some days ago,
when the House was in a similar condition, in
consequence of the Clerk deeming himself incom-
petent to put questions to the House, the gentleman
occupying the Chair forcibly appealed to his fel-
low-members present to relieve themselves from
the embarrassment in which the decision of the
Clerk had placed them, by removing the Clerk
aod putting some one in his place. This appeal
had been followed up by the motion of the gentle-
man frem South Carolina, which placed the gentle-
man himself in the Chair. It was then supposed
that the House was relieved from the dif-
ficulties in which the decision of the Clerk
placed them. But really, from the decision
of the Chair just made, it appeared to him
that it would become necessary for the House
to remove him from the Chair, and put some one
in his place who was willing to put a question. Mr.
H. after a few remarks, made during much noise
and confusion, appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and asked for the previous question on the
appeal.
Mr. BRIGGS said if the gentleman from Vir-
ginia would withdraw his objections, he would
submit the proposition oi the Chair to the House
for its decision in the form of a motion. Mr. B.
then submitted the following, which he read:
Resolved, That on the motion of Mr. RHErrto lay
Mr. Wise's motion on the table, or on Mr. Wise's
resolution itself, the tellers shall count all the per-
sons who may pass between them; and if any pass
whose right to vote is disputed, the tellers shall re-
port their names to the Chair, after the number
of votes on both sides are reported, for the decision
of the House.
Mr. HOLLEMAN declined withdrawing his
proposition, and insisted on taking an appeal from
me derision of the Chair.
The CHAIR asked what decision the gentleman
from Vrginia demanded an appeal from.
Mr HOLLEMAN sad that his appeal was
from <he decision of the Chair, that no question
could be put until the House decided who should
vote as members from New Jersey.
The CHAIR said, I withdraw that decision.
[Much laughter.]
The question was then taken on Mr. BRIGGfS'S
motion, and it was carried without a division.
The CHAIR then stated the question on Mr.
Rhett's motion, and instructed the tellers, in
counting, to report if any members, whose seats
are contested, voted; usiog the language of the
resolution just adopted on the motion of Mr.
Briggs.
The House having seconded the call for the pre-
vious question,
The question was, then taken, Shall the main
question be now put? and was decided in the affir-
mative without a division.
The main question to lay Mr. Wise's resolution
on the table was then put, Messrs. Dromcooli: and
Da vies having been appointed tellers.
On counting the result, the tellers reported that
there were 115 votes in the affirmative, and 114 in
the negative; Mr. Naylor from Pennsylvania,
whose seat was contested, voting with the nays.
The CHAIR announced this decision of the
Hause to be 115 in the affirmative and 115 in the
negative, (the Chair voting with the nays,) so that
there being a tie, the motion was lost.
Mr. SMITH of Maine denied that the motion
was lost, and appealed from the decision of the
Chair. He understood the tellers as having re-
ported that Mr. Natlor, whose seat was contested,
voted with the nays. He denied the right of Mr.
Natlor to vote, and objected to its being counted.
Mr. NAYLOR observed that the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Smith] had challenged his right
to vote. Now, ht challenged the right of the gen-
tleman himself to vole. Here are my credentials,
said Mr. N. holding them in his hand,
Mr. SMITH of Maine. I turn the gentleman
over to Mr. Inoersoll, who has the certificate of
the judges of electien, and the certificate of the Go-
vernor, under the broad seal of the State of Penn-
sylvania.
t Mr. WISE moved that the vote of the gentJe-
that
man from Pennsylvania be counted, and on
motion, he calkd for the previous question.
Mr. REYNOLDS, amidst much noise and dis-
order, moved an adjournment—a number of gen-
tlemen on the floor.
Mr. WISE and others opposed the adjournment,
Mr. Wise proposing to sit by candle hsht.
The CHAIR was proceeding to put the question
on Mr. Wise's resolution, which he said was the
next in order; wlrn
Mr. REYNOLDS insist-il on his motion for ad-
journment, and demanded that the question be ta-
ken on it.
The CHAIR said that the motion to adjourn was
not in order, while a question was pending.
Mr SMITH aid several members here con-
tended that th* question of Mr. Rhett's motion
was not decided, and that it yet depended on the
decision of Mr. Navlor's right to vote.
Mr. WELLER again moved the adjournment.
Mr. WISE restated his motion that Mr. Nav-
lor's vote be counted, and also his motion for the
previous question on it.
Mr. BRIGGS briefly explained the state of the
question before the House. The question, he said,
was put by the Chatr, on the motion of the cientle-
man from South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,] to lav the
resolution of the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Wise] on the table, and the tellers reported that
the vote in the affirmative was 115, and in the ne-
gative, 114; but in conformity wiih th" resolution
adopted en his mi tion, they also reported that Mr.
Naylor, one of the gentlemen whose seat was con-
tested, voted with the nays. The Chair voting in
the negative, there would have been a lie, and the
resolution consequently lost, had there not been a
vote cast by a gentleman whose seat was contested;
but as there was such a vote given, the House must
decide whether that vote should be counted, before
the question could be considered as finally settled,
whether the resolution of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia should be laid on the table or not. This, he
believed, was a correct state of the case.
The CHAIR said he understood the decision of
the House, in the motion of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Briggs,] to refer only to the
contested seats from New jersey, and that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Naylor]
did not come within the decision of the House.
The question, therefore, ihe Chair considered to
be on the resolution of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. BRIGGS said that his motion was gencial
in its application, and applied to all the ¡rerftlemen
whose seats were contested. At Mr. B's request
the resolution was read by the Clerk, amidst much
noise and confusion.
The CH MR said that he had announced the de-
cision of the House, that the resolution was lost,
and did not hear the report of the tellers that a
member whose seat was congested had vou d.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose and stated that, as one
of the tellers, he distinctly stated to the Chair,
when he announced the vote, that Mr. Na* lor
one of the gentlemen whose seat was contested!
had voted. In this staiemen , Mr. D. was uns-
tained by Mr. DAVIE3, the other teller, by Mr.
SMITH of Miine, an 1 several other gentlemen.
The CHAIfl said that the question before the
House was the previous question on the resolution
of the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr. TURNEY appealed from the decision of
the Chair, as he considered that the first question
to be decid, d wa«, whether Mr. NaylohS vote
should be counted.
Mr. WELLER moved an adjournment, and the
question was taken; Messrs. Graves and Tur-
net were appointed tellers, and on ccuntin 
the votes, they repotted that there were—
for the adjournment 116, against it 113; Messrs.
Kille, Cooper, and Ryall, members from New
Jersey, whose seats are contested, voting in the
affirmative, and Messrs. Halsted, Aycrigg, and
Vorke, similarly situated, voting in the negative.
The CHAIR then stated that the votes of the
members whose seats were disputed not varying
the result, xt was decidsd in the affirmative, and
that                                                                 '
Tke House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
WmNFsnAY, December 11, 1839.
Mr. NICHOLAS and Mr. MOUTON appeared
in their seat* th¡$ morning.
Mr. BENTON offered the following resolution,
which lays over:
Reso'vtd, That the President of the United States
be r< quested to cause to bo communicated to the
Senate all the information which the War Oilice
contains, or can conven;ently procure, ot the mas.
individuals, of families, ef small parties,
pas-engers, which
sacres of i
and of shipwrecked crews or
atUl    Oí     S.HpVVH'CiiCil    l.icoo     ...i      [•""   *.-•!,----->    .....—•
have taken place in Florida during the present hos-
tilities, and including those which took place before
and   driven
burnt, and their
those -------
the war became opea  on the  part of the Indians
noting, as far as it can be conveniently done, how
far families have been broken up
from their homes, their houses
fields and properly destroyed.
Mr. BENTON also offered the following resolu-
tion, which lays over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to report to the Senate as follows:
1.  A table cf the import and export of gold bul-
lion, with the excess of each, annually, from the
commencement of the Federal Government, or as
far back as the returns in the Treasury Department
will enable the table to be made up.
2.  A like table of gold coin.
3.  A like table of silver bullion.
4.  A like table of silver coin.
5.  A table of recapitulation showing the total
annual imports and exports of coin and bullion in
one column, and the exces-.es in two oiher co-
lumns, for the same Jeng'h of time.
6.  A detailed statement of the weekly exporta-
tion of coin and bullion for the year 1839, showing
the names and residences of the exporters, and
their consignees in foreign countries.
7.  A detailed table of exports and imports of
coin and bullion of the United States for the
year 1839.
8.  A table of the annual coinage of gold and sil-
ver at the Mint of the United States and the Branrh
Mists, from the time they were respectively esta-
blished.
9.  A table of the annual product of the gold
mines of the Unred States from the time of iheir
discovery.
The whole of said tables made up to the end of
the year 3839.
A message wai received from the President of
the United States; which was laid/m the table.
The Senate then went into ^Executive session;
and afterwards                \
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, DeceVáVr 11, 1839.
As soon as the journal of yesterday was read,
Mr. WISE ro«e and moved an amendment to
the journal, to insert after the par.igr.iph which de-
clared that Mr.  Smith  of Maine contested Mr.
Natlor's right to vote, "and Mr. Naylor also
contested Mr. Smith's right to vo:#."
i     Mr. SMITH said he had no objection to this
amendment in the journal.
The question was then put, and the amendment
¡ of the journal agreed to.
i     The CHAIR then stated the question to be ot
' the appeal of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
j Turkey] from the decision of the Chair.     The
| Chair hid decided  that the motion of the gentle-
j man iron South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,]  to lay
1 Mr. Wise's resolution oa the table, was lost—the
vote standing 115 in the affirmative and 115 in the
negative, counting the votes of the Chair and Mr.
Naylor in the negative      From this decision the
gentleman from Tennessee had taken an appeal to
the House.
Mr. WISE then called the previous question on
this appeal, which was seconded, and the main
question was ordered to be put.
The main question then, was, whether the de-
cision of the Chair, as stated above, should stand
as the judgment of the House.
Messrs. Juhnson and Carter, both of Ten-
nessee, were appointed tellers; and when the yeas
were counted, the tellers aunouacfd  that there
