CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.                                               39
MM                      i            i    i     l.i                 I.....                               ■                         '                                  i                                                                                                                                                                                                      «                                                         ........i.....                     .---------
were 112 voting in the affirmative, counting the
votes of Mr. Naylor, and the fiveNew Jersey mem-
bers, who claimed seats under the Governor's cer-
tificate.
The other tide was then counted, and the tellers
announced that there were 118 voting in the nega-
tive, counting the vote of Mr. Ingersoll, and
three of the New Jersey members claiming seats
as having been elected by the people.
The CHAIR then stated, without announcing the j
mutt, that there were six members voting in the af-
firmative whose right to vote was contested, and
four voting in the negative whose rights were also
contested; and as the names of these persons had
been given in to the Clerk, it would be for the
House to decide upon their right to vote, name by
name, as they had been presented to the Clerk.
Mr. SMITH. It don't change the result, there-
fore let the Chair announce the decision of the
Honse.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON. There are more mem-
bers from New Jersey and Pennsylvania voting
than those States are entitled to have on this floor
by the Constitution and laws of the United States.
Therefore the question must be decided as to who
have a rieht to vote.
The CHAIR again stated that there were more
members voting from New Jersey and Pennsylvania
than could be permitted to vote under the Consti-
tution and laws, and it wonld n w be for the
House to determine who of them should vote.
Mr. SMITH of Maine inquired how many votes
were given on the question in the affirmative and
negative, including all who voted.
The CHAIR stated that there were 112 voting
to sustain the decision of the Chair, and 118
against that decision.
Mr. SMITH of fMaine. There ate 112 in the
affirmative, including 6 whose rights were disputed,
and 118 in the negative, inculding 4 whose
rights were disputed. Then the decision of
the Chair is reversed, whether you do or
do not count the disputed votes; and what
good can result from raising this question as
to the right of these disputed members to vote now.
Besides, be had understood it to be the express un-
derstanding that no suc'.i question should be raised,
when the votes of the disputed members did not
change the result.
Mr. WISE said that the rule prescribed by the
resolution of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Bricg?] was the rule of action for the meet-
ing, and that resolution did not confine us to the
point suggested by the gentleman from Maine.
But it declares expressly that, where'.disputed mem-
bers have voted, that part shall be repotted to the
House, and the House will then- have to decide
upon their right to vote, whether their votes change
ihe result or not.
The CHAIR then decided that the meeting must
now proceed to determine upon the rights of the
disputed members to vote, name by name, as they
had been given in to the Clerk.
Mr. WISE. Then I call for the reading of the
name of the first contested member who voted in
the affirmative, and on the question as to his right
te vote.   I move the previous question.
[Half a dozen of members now rose to address
the Chair amidst loud cries of "order," "order,"
"order."]
Mr. TTJRNEY rose, amidst loud cries of "or-
der! order! order!" and said that a vote had been
taken in the House, which should be announced
by the Chair, before any   other   question   was
raised.   Sir, said Mr. T. I ask if you were placed
in that chair to announce only such decisions as
would suit your party?   [Much noise and confu-
sion, with cries of "order!  order!" "go on! go
on!" "hear him! hear him!"]   Sir, you must dis-
pose of the question before the House, and  an-
nounce the decision it has made, before you at-
tempt to raise another question.    I want to kaow
if you wete placed in that chair to suppress the de-
cisions of this House, and play the tyrant?   [Much
noise and confusion.]
[Mr. Stanley here ran across the area in front
of the Clerk's table, and up one of the passages,
slapping bid bands, and crying cot in  loud voicr.
"Let the gentleman come to me; I will settle that
question with him."]
Mr. TURNEY.   Sir, your decisions have been
again and again reversed by the House, because
you have had no regard to law, to justice, and
to the rules and usages of the House; and al-
though   the  House   has so  reversed   them,  its
decisions   cannot   be    enforced,    because   you
are   determined   to   make   good   your   decla-
ration, that so long as you occupy that Chair,
the   members  from  New   Jersey   whose   cause
you favor, shall never be deprived of their votes.
The House has reversed your decision but a short
time ago, on my appeal, by a clear majority of
undisputed members.   There were voting against
your decision 118, only four disputed members
voting on that side, while there were only 112   i
voting to sustain that decision, six of whom were   .
disputed members.   So that by striking out the '
four disputed votes against your decision, there ¡t
would be a majority against you, even though you j ■
count the disputed votes in favor of your decision.   |
Yet, notwithstanding this clear majority, you refuse j
to announce the result,  and decide that another i >
question must first be determined.   Sir, your deci- p
sion is tyrannical   and   monstrous.     You have   j
usurped the powers of the House, and  attempted
to reverse its solemn decisions, and I shall appeal
again and again, so long as you pursue this most
extraordinary course.   I demand that you  shall
announce the result on the vote taken this morning,
and if you decide that you will not, I appeal from
your decision.
[Great disorder was now   prevailing   in  the
House.]
Mr. 1NGERS0LL rose to say a single word—
[" No," " no," "no," "hear him," "hear him."]
Mr. VANDERPOEL appealed to the courtesy
of the gentleman, to allow the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to say a word.
[" No," " no," ." no," " He shall not speak,"
emanated from various parts of the House.]
Mr. SMITH of Maine, would appeal to the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Briggs] to say
if it was not his intention, by his resolution, that
no notice should be taken of the disputed votes
where they did not change the result.
Mr. THOMPSON then ros?, and asked the gen-
tleman from Virginia to withdraw the motion for
the previous question.
Mr. WISE said he could not do so for the dearest
friend he had.   The sooner we settle this question, |
the better for us and the country.
The CHAIR then stated the decision which he
had made this morning, that the House must de-
termine who of the disputed members had a right
to vote on the appeal taken by the gentleman from
Tennessee, and stated also, that the gentleman from
Tennessee had taken an appeal from this decision.
Mr. WISE. Then I move the previous ques-
tion on this appeal.
Mr. TURNEY said, in order to disembarrass the
Hcuse, he wou'.d withdraw the appeal he had
taken a few minutes ago.
Mr. WISE. Then I move the previous ques-
tion on the question as to the right of the first
disputed member to vote.
The CHAIR put this question to the House, and
declared that the previous question was seconded.
Mr. McKAY rose to a question of order. The
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Briggs] had
offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That on the motion of Mr. Rhktt to lay
Mr. Wise's motion on the table, or on Mr. Wise's
resolution itself, the tellers shall count all the per-
sons who may pass between them; and if any pass
whose right to vote is disputed, the tellers shall re-
port their names to the Chair, after the number of
votes on both sides are reported, for the decision of
the Hou^e.
Now this resolution provided for but two cases,
in which the tellers were to report to the House.
Mr. WISE.   I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. McKAY.    The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts offered this resolution.
Mr. WISE. I call the gentleman to order. The
previous question has been moved and seconded
by the House, and no gentleman can now discus 
the merits of lb* question.
Mr. McKAY. I can certainly raise a question
of order.
The CHAIR stated that the main question must
now be presented to the House, and, that being pnt,
the main question was ordered.
Mr. WISE called for the reading of the first
name in the affirmative.
[Here there was a difference between the Chair
and the Clerk as to whose name should be called
first. Tne Clerk pointing to the name of Mr.
Naylor as being first on the list, and the Chair
pointing to the names of the Whig members from
New Jersey.]
Mr. WISE. The name, the name. Let us
have the name.
The CLERK then read the name of Mr. Nat-
lor as being first on his list.
Mr. CRABB here asked for the reading of the
credentials in his case. He would not vote in the
dark upon any question, to carry out the wishes of
any party.
Mr. McKAY now rose, and slated his point of
order.   By the resolution which he had read a few
minutes ago, the House had confined itself to two
cases in which the tellers were to report the names
of the contested members  voting—first upon Mr.
Rhett's motion to lay Mr. Wise's resolution on
the table, and secondly on Mr. Wise's resolution
iuelf.   He would appeal to the gentleman who of-
fered the resolution to say if this was not the case.
Wr. WISE.   I call the gentleman to ordsr.
Mr. McKAY.   I appeal to the gentleman from
Massachusetts,
Mr. WISE.   I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. VANDERPOEL rose amidst considerable
noise and confusion, and stated that this question
which the  Chair  was  about to propound to the
House, had  already been decided.     The Chair
had decided that the members claiming seats from
New Jersey, under the Governor's certificate, were
entitled to vote, and the House had  reversed that
decision.     Therefore the  House had decided that
they should not vote, and  why was it attempted
a?ain and again to force this question upon the
House, which had already been decided.
Mr. GRANGER. I call my orderly friend and
colleague to order. By the 45th rule of the House,
no debate can arise upon a question of order,
after the previous question has been sustained.
The question was now stated to be on the right
of Mr. Naylor to vote.
Mr. CRABB again stated that before that ques-
tion was put, he desired to have the credentials of
both Mr. Naylor and Mr. Ingersoll read, in or-
der that he might rote understandingly on the
question.
The CLERK then read the proclamation of
Governor Ritner, dated the 30th of October, 1838,
which declared that Messrs. Paynter, Sergeant,
Toland, Naylor, etc. were elected members of the
Twenty-sixth Congress.
Mr. CURTIS. How many members of Con-
gress does this proclamation include?
Mr. WISE. All from the State of Pennsylva-
nia—twenty-eight members.
Mr. KEIM inquired whether the great seal of
the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania had been
affixed to this proclamation in the first instance.
The CLERK held up the proclamation, but the
reporter could not see whether the great seal was
upon it or not.
Mr. KEIM. Is there not some memorandum in
the possession of the Clerk, which will show
that the great seal was not upon it in the first in-
stance?
The CLERK then read a read a memorandum^
as the Reporter understood it, that Mr. John Ser-
geant had called at the Clerk's office and ob-
tained the proclamation, for the purpose of having
the seal of the Commonwealth placed upon it,
which had been omitted in|the first instance.
Mr. NAYLOR then rose, and said, I hold in my
hand a proclamation of Governor Porter, dat«d
nine days before the issuing of the proclamation
declaring Mr. Ingersoll elected, which declares
that I am elected.
[Many voices.   Let us hear it real.]
The CLERK then lead the paper which Mr.
Nayipr handed up.   It was a copy of the proel*.
