CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
If
nolds, Rhett, Rives, Robinson, E. Rogers, J. Rogers, Samuels,
S-iaR, \ Smith, J Smith,Thoa Smith, Starkweather, Ste.nrod,
Strong, Sumpter, Swoannfen, Sweeny, Taylor, F. Thomas, P.
F Tii>mas,J T íompsin, T'irney, Vunierpoel, O D Wage-
ner, VVa terson, Weller, Wick, J. W. Williams, H. Williams,
 mf Wurtliiiigtdn   118
Mr. RHETT then submitted the following re-
solution, and moved the previous question on it:
Resolved, That the House will proceed to call
the names of gentlemen whose rights to seats are
not disputed or contested; and after the names of
such members are called, and before a Speaker is
elected, they shall, provided there be a quorum of
such pr;sent, then hear and adjudge upon the elec-
tion returns and qualifications of all claimants
(Mr. Ingersoix and Mr. Natlor excepted) to the
seats contested on this floor.
The resolution having been read, the second to
the previous question was decided in the affirma-
tive without a division.
The next question, Shall the main question be
now put? was taken, and also decided in the af-
firmative without a division.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia then moved a division
of the resolution into two branches, and to take the
question on each separately; the first branch to end
with the word contested.
This having been agreed to,
Mr. UNDERWOOD asked if the effect of it was
to preclude an investigation, by the House, into the
returns and qualifications of its own members.
Mr. PICKENS. By no means, sir.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. With that understanding,
sir, I shall vote for it.
The CHAIR then stated the question to be on
the first branch of Mr. Rhett's resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the House will proceed to call the
names of gentlemen whose rights to seats are not
disputed or contested.
On taking this question it was decided in the
affirmative without a division.
The question next came up on the second branch
of Mr. Rhett's resolution, in the following
words:
"And after the names of snch members are
called, and before a Speaker is elected, they shall,
P'ovided there be a quorum of such present, then
hear and adjudge upon the election, returns and
qualifications of all claimants (Messrs. Ingersoll
and Naylor excepted) to the seats contested on
this floor."
Mr. MERCER called for the yeas and nays on
this question; which were ordered, aad it was tie.
cided in the affirmative—yeas 138, nays 92, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, .Iud3on Allen, John W,
Allen, H. J. Anderson, S. II. Anderson, Atlierton, Banks.
Beatty, Beirne, Bell, Boyd, Brewster, Brig^s, Brockway,
A G Brown, Burke, S. H. Butler, W. O Butler, Bynum,
J. Campbell, W. B. Campbell, Carr, Carroll, Carter, Casey,
Chapman, Chinn, Chittenden, Clifford, Coles, Connor, Crabb,
Craig, Ciary, Cros<i, Dana, Davee, J. Davis, J. W Davis,
])eh rry, De la Montonya, Doane, Doig, Dromgoote, Duncan,
Karl. Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher, rietcher, Floyd, Fornance,
fialbraith, J Garland, Gentry, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond,
Hand, J Hastings, Hawkins, ,1 Hill of N C. Hiüen, Ilollemnn,
Hook, Hopkins, Tilohman A Howard, Robert M T. Hun er,
Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel
Jone*, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Leadbetiei, I,eer,
Leonard, I,ewis, Lowell, Lu'-ao. McClellan, tlcCulloh, MiKnv,
Matlory, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montgomery, Samuel W.
Morris, Newhard, Nisliet, Osborne, Parmenter, Parris, Payn-
ter, Pope, Pienliss, Ramsaj, Reynolds, Rhett, Kives, Rnbmson,
Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Samuels, tahaw, Shepard,
Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Steinrod, Stons, Strong, Sumter, Swearmgen, Sweeny, Stuart,
Taylor, PhilipF. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Trlplett, Trum-
bull, Turney, Underwood, Vanderpoel, D D Wasener, Wat-
tenon, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams,
and Worthington—133.
NaYS—Messrs. Andrews, Barnard, Biddle, B'ack, Bond,
Botts, A. Brown, Calhoun, Claik, J Cooper, M. A Cooper,
Corwm, Cranston, Crockett.Curtis, Cushme. Davies, G. Davis,
Dawson, Dennis, Dillett, Edwards, Evans^ Everett, Fillmore,
R. Garland, Gates, Giddmgs, Gogsins, Goode, Graham, Gran-
ger, Graves. Green, Grmncll,Habersham,Hall,W. S.Hastings,
Henry, J T Hill of Va Hoffman, Holmes, Hubbard, Hunt,
James, Jenifer, Chas. Johnston, Wm Cost Johnson, Law
rence, Lincoln, Marvin, Mason, Mercer, Mitchell, Monroe,
Morgan.C. Mont*, Ogle.Palen, Parish, Peck, Petnkin, Pickens.
Promt, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Reed, Rulgway,'
Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simomon, Slide, Truman Smith,
Stanley, Taliaferro, Francis Thomas, Waddy Thompson,
Tilhnghast, Toland, P J Waffner, Warren, E. D White,
John White, T W Williams, L Williams, J. L Williams,
C. H. Williams, S. Williams, and Wise-92.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina, who voted
with tbe majority, then moved a reconsideration of
(he vote just taken, aad observed that his parpoie
was, if his motion prevailed, to submit the follow-
ing resolution, which he read to the House:
Resolved, That the Acting Clerk of this House
shall proceed with the call of the members from
the different States of this Union, calling the names
of such members only as present the legal evidence
of their being membeis elect of the Twenty-sixth
Congress; and that this House will proceed to us
organization in the usual form, wnh the under-
standing, that as soon as the rights to the contested
seats are determined, its fir&t organ'zation shall be
I     dissolved, and a new election lor officers be held
forthwith.
{       Several members asked if the motion for a re-
II   consideration was in order.
¡       The CH<UR decided that it was.
j       Mr. PICKENS.   Then if the reconsideration is
¡i ordered, I shall move this resolution [holding up
one in his hand.]
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina rose, and
begged the attention of the House while he ex-
plained the object he had in view. It had been a
matter of surprise to him, that the resolution sub-
milted some days ago by an honorable member
from New York [Mr. Hdnt) had not met with a
more favorable consideration by the House. That
proposition was, that the names of all the members
who held certificates of their election from the con-
stituted authorities of their respective States, should
be called by the Clerk, and that then if a quorum
should be presented, they should proceed to the
organization of the House, by electing the Speaker
aad other officers, with the understanding that if,
after an ¡nvesiigation by the Hou^e into the re-
turns and qualifications of the members whose
seats were contested, it should be found that such
organization of the House had been effected by a
minority, m consequence of the votes of members
not entitled to seats, that then the Home should
set aside these eleciions, and proceed to a new orga-
nzation. This proposition he had endeavt red to
follow up, in the resolution he now wished to offer.
Notwithstanding, (said Mr. C ) the difficult anJ
helpless position we are now placed in, we have
now an opportunity of letting a precedent,
which may be the foundation of parliamentary
law in future times. He dil not regret the diffi-
culties and embarrassments which the House had
to encounter. He rrjoiced that this question had
been raised in this early period of our history, a pe-
riod of peace and tranquillity, rather than in one in
which, if the people were Ipss intelligent, more cor-
rupt, and less attached to our institutions, a mili-
tary leader might march his myrmidons into that
hall, and settle it according to his own pleasure. We
are still in that helpless condition. The wheels of
the Government are stopped, while (he House is
unable to advarce a step towards lue desirable ob-
ject of organization But what are we to do? Un-
less we subject ourselves to the delay of going inio
the merits of the elections, as contemplated by the
resolution of his colleague just adopted, duriiis; all
which time the more important legislative business
of the Hou^e miM be neglected, we rnve only one
poss ble course to adopt, and that h to call the
names only of such members as have ihe legnl and
regular credentials Irora the consntuted authorities
of their respectives States, and wuh theni^ having
formed a quorum, procted to the organization of
the House, by the election of its officers, with Ihe
understanding that he had before adverted to.
No possible harm could result from this course;
for after the House shall have decided on the re-
turns and qualifications cf the gentlemen whose
seats are contested, the organ izaticn maj be dissol ved
and a new election of officers gone uito, if it should be
found that such elections were made in consequence
of members voting who hid not been duly elect-
ed. Notwithstanding all we have seen in the news-
papers of the day; notwitlwtanding all the docu-
ments that had been read at the Clerk'-, table, we
have heard nothing (Mr. C said) to warrant us in
deciding that the rghts of jhe people of New
Jersey have been ojtraged, and that the five gen-
tlemen who come here with Ihe certificates of the
Governor of that State have obtained these certi-
ficates through fraud. Until it sha'l be proved that
her constituted anthorities have been recreant to
tbe obligations of honor and of duty, an4 have
abused the high trusts confided to them, we cannot,
(said Mr. C.) without better evidence, dispute the
validity of their certificates. 1 am satisfied (said
Mr. C.) that gentlemen of all parties in the House
are governed by the most liberal as well as patriotic
considerations; and that they would not allow
any party feelings to influence them in a decision
involving the rights of five-sixths of the representa-
tion of a sovereign State. But I, said he, who
have never been behind the scenes, who am
bouad to neither party, venture to say that, if the
two parties were not so equally balanced that the
election of a Speaker depended, in a great mea-
sure, on the decision as to which sst of the claim-
ants to seats from New Jersey should be ad-
mitted as members from that State, the diffi-
cult and embanassing questions now before us
never would have been raised.
And now, with the same spirit, but not with the
same eloquence, with which the proposition of the
gentleman from New Fork was made, I invite
gentlemen, of all parties, to join in this compro-
mise. We cannot shut our eyes to the injustice
of excluding five-sixths of the representation of a
sovereign State; and, further, we cannoi shut, onr
eyes to the injustice of allowing a minority
to elect the officers of this House, in conse-
quence of the votes of those who hold faKe
certificates. There is only one equal ground
on which both parties could meet on this ques-
tion; and that is, by temporary organization,
to last only until the election returns and qualifica-
tions of disputed members are decided on. The
House could then go into a new organization,
if it should be necessary. In our present situa-
tion, (said Mr. C.) it is the best and only coarse
we could adopt. If we adnera to the resolution
just decided, it may be months before we can set-
tle the controversy in regard to the election cases;
our legislative proceedings may be impeded for
month', and the interest of our constituents be
sacrificed. It must be conceded that this was a
moment of peculiar interest to the commercial com-
munity. Standing, as we do, on the brink of a
great commercial cnsis, our fellow citizens are
looking with great anxiety for the message of ihe
President, which they expect will convey o them
important and useful information. In addi ton t >
this, our fellow-ciiizens of Florida are looking
wnh great anxiety for the assistance of
the National Government. Since we have been
sitting here, intelligence has reached us
that four of our lellow-citizens have been
murdered within a few miles of St. Augustine, and
their bodies were carried into the town, presenting
a horrid spectacle of savage barbariiy. The cir-
cumstances should not only stimulate us to our
dutv, but appeal to our humanity. Such are the
evtnts now occurring on tur Southern border, aid
at the adj .urnmeut of the !a^ Congress, ^ark and
p iite .t us (1 ;uds weie gathe i g on iur Ni rtheast-
er.i front er. Those clt uds, it s trje, fi>r the pre-
«e -t, were happily dissipated But let us be o;-
ga i,zed. Let us ascer ain our p isiti >n. 1 he clour's
ag in may tather, a- d the good ship up >n wi ich
we are embarked sho ild be intuit irn, that if the
storn should burst, we may be prepa>ed t j meet it
manfully.
One lernaik he would make in reference to him-
self, before he sat down. He stood here un-
pledged to any party; but when he added that
when he went for a strict conduction, it was not
necessary for him to say that he would favor a De-
mocratic orgainzation on the part of this House.
He never would, however, neither for party, or any
other purposes, adopt a course which he thought in
opposition to the Slate Rights principles he pro-
fessed. It was wnh these considerations that he
submitted his moiion for a reconsideration, which
he hoped would meet with the favorable conside-
ration of the House.
Mr. GRAVES thought that the proposition of
the gentleman from South Carolina was in S0D-
stance the same as that of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, LMr. Wise,] for it was stated by several gen-
tleman that they did not question ihe right ot the
majority to alter the organization of the House,
after deciding on the contested election eases. Tbe
majority, Mr. Q. said, conld alter the organiza-
