44
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE 
So the House determined that the protest should
not be entered upon the journal.
The CHAIR then stated taat the first part of the
resolution of the gentleman from South Carolina,
which had been adopted by the House, had
been carried into effect. It would now be
for the House to carry into effect the second
part of the resolution, which was in the following
words: " and after the names of such members
are called, and before a Speaker is elected, they
shall, provided there be a quorum of such present,
then hear and adjudge upon the election, returns,
and qualifications of all claimants (Mr. Ingersoll
and Mr. Naylor excepted) to the seats contested
on this floor.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose, and submitted the fol-
lowing proposition, with a view of cairymg into
effect the latter part of the resolution of the gentle-
man from South Carolina:
Resolved, That a select committee, to consist of
nine, be appointed viva t>oe«, by the members of this
House, to whom shall be referred all the papers in
the possession of the Clsrk relating to contests for
seats on this floor from the State of New Jersey,
and that they report thereon.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said it seemed to him that
the House must feel itself bound in good faith to
cany into effect the latter part of the resolution of
the gentleman from South Carolina, and it had
occurred to him that the most practicable way to
do so would be to appoint a committee to examine
into the matter.   The question will then arise be-
fore the committee as to whether it is bound to
take the returns sent m by the Governor of New
Jersey as prima facie evidence, or whether it will
examine into the facts of the case, and ascertain |
whether those facts would justify the miking out ,
of su. h a return as the Governor of New Jersey '
had sent in here.   Mr. D. desired to make no ar-
gument on the question, and therefore concluded
by moving the previous question.
Mr. WISE rose to a question of order. He
wished to know whether it was competent for his
colleague, after the resolution of the gentleman
from South Carolina had been adopted - which
declared that the House should hear and adjudge
upon all claims, &c—*o take from this body the
adjudication of the question.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose to a point of order.
Mr. WISE. I am «peaking to a point of order;
and I contend that when the House has decided
that it will bear and adjudge upon all claims 11
sea's, that it is not in order to pass another resolu-
tion, taking the adjudication uf the question from
the House, and giving it to a committee.
Mr DROMGOOLE stated that when the matter
was examtned by the committee, it would come
back to the House; and bpsiie?, the House had con-
trol of all its committees.
The CHAIR stated that he was of opinion that
it was perfectly competent for the Honse to pro-
ceed in the manner indicated by the reflation of
the gentleman from Virginia. He therefore de-
cided that the resolution was in order.
Mr. PROFFIT ruse to ask an explanation.
[Loud cries of "order!"} If gentlemen think I
will yield, they are mistaken. [Great confusion,
and cries of "order! order!"] I am about to raise
a point of order, and I will speak ns long as other
gentlemen have spoken. [Continued cries of "or-
der!"] I have rights to maintain—I am personally
responsible, here or elsewhere—[-'order!" ordtr!"J
and if the Chair decides that the resolution of the
gentleman from Virginia is in order, I anneal
from  that  decision.
The CHAIR decided that the gentleman was not
in order.
Mr. PROFFIT. Then I appeal from that deci-
sion, and I shall speak upon it. [Many voices—
the appeal is not debatable ]
Mr. PROFFIT. It is very well for some of you
that it is not, [universal laughter ]
Mr. WISE asked the gentleman to withdraw his
appeal.
Mr. FROFFIT then withdrew his appeal.
Mr. I3ELL rose, and cal'ed for the reading of '
the latter part of Mr. Rhett's resolution, which
being read by the Ci^rk, Mr. B. wbmitted to the
1*41*, whether Ihe resolution of the gentleman
from Virginia was in conformity with the resolu-
tion which had just been read. He asked if there
was to be any limitation as to the proofs to be sub-
mitted to this committee; and if there was, it
was a resolution of the existing order of the body,
and consequently was not in order.
Mr. CRAIG.   That will be a matter for the
House to decide.
Mr. BELL made no objection to the resolution,
provided it conformed to the existing order of ihe
House; but if it did not do so, he took it that it was
not in order.
Mr. THOMAS rose to make a single remark.
Mr. PROFFIT.   I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. THOMAS wished to sry but a word on the
point of order.
Mr. PROFFIT called the gentleman to order.
The CHAIR did not consider the resolution of
' the gentleman from Virginia as limiting the order
of the House of yesterday.   The proposition of
the gentleman from Virginia was to raise a com-
mittee, to whom all the papers in the case should
be referred; but it will be perfectly competent for
the House, after the committee is raised, to  refer
other papers to it, because th« House always has it
in its power to control its committees.
Mr. WISE. Do I understand my colleague as
admitting this construction. I wisk him to speak,
for I know my colleague of old.
Mr. DROMGOOLE hoped his colleague would
not make him appear so very old here, [looking to-
wards the ladies'gallery.] With regard to the inqui-
ry, he would simply remark thauhe view taken ol his
resolution, by the Chair, coincided with his views
when he presented ihe resolution. He never
dreamed but that the House had the power to send
to the committee any testimony it saw proper to re-
fer to it.
Mr. SLADE would ask the gentleman to modify '
nis resolution, so as to make it conform to the te- I
solution of yesterday.                                            I
The previous question was then seconded, and '
the main question was then ordered.
The yeas and mys were called upon the main
question, and were—yeas 122, nays 84.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Judson All. n. Hu h J An-
derson, Alherton, Banks,  Beaity, !!r:ine,   Hatkvveii.   I'oyd
«re]X3t  '"^aw2 V B,om'AG  Brown. Brake, S II Butler',
WO  Butler, Bynum, John Campbell, Cirr, Cirro I, r,S(V
Chapman, Clark, Clifford, Cole-, Conner, Ciabb, Ciais, Clary    ,
Cross, D„ia, Da\ee, John Davis, John W Davi-¡, De la ¡Hon
tanya   Uoan, Doi?, Diomgoole, Djncan, Etrl, Eastman, Ely,
Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd,Fornince,Galbraith, Jas Garland
Rury, Guffin Haaimond, Hand, J Hastings, Hawkins, Hill o!
N Carolina, Hillen, Holleman. Hook. Hopkins, Howard, Hub
bard, Jackson, Jameson, Jos Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel   i
Jones John W  Jones, Keim. Kemble, Leadbetter, Leet, Leo-
Xr"í LeV^' Lu0we,11'.,L'icas> McClellan,  MtCulloh, McKay,
Mai lory, Marchantl, Aledill, Millei, Montgomery, S muel W
,   Morris, Newhard, Parish, Parmenter, Parns, Pajnter, Petri-
ktn, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rives, Robinson, Edward
'  ?S3' t ,am«  Rí!?eí?  Samuels. Shaw,  Shepard, Albert
Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Steinrod'
I T!'!U£!!er' Sw?,y??ent!weeny> Tay'or>Franc^ Thomas,
Philip P. Thomas, Waddy Thompson, J icob Thompson, To-
land, Turnej, Vanderpooe,   David D  Wa ener   WattpUm
AnN£^                                                               ;
nUSínrtTÍ Cdlhnn' W'l!5"n B <A«npbeH,DCaru£ thinn
Chittenden, James Cooper, Cot win. Cranston, Crockett, Cur I
is Cush.n?,üavies Garret D 1s,Daw.on, lLberry, Damns,
U.lett Ldwards, Evans Everett, Fillmore, Rice*Garland
Gate , Gentry, Goigin, Goode, Grahim, Gran-er Graves
Green, Unnnell, Habersham, Hall, Hast n s I Inr'y, H.U of I
Virginia, Hoffman, Holmes, Hunt   Hunter, 'jamesf' Jen fer,
S^iL? M,,,nK,<,,!,'  ?'n?' L™rence' L,nculn Mwwn, Mason
Mercer, Mitchell, Monroe, Morzan, Calvary Morris. Navlor
TMübet, O.le, Osborne, Palen, Peck, Pickens: Pom Pmffir
Randall Randolph R.V.dcn, Rayner,' U¿S, Rho^d^wS?* I
Russe'l, fealtonstill, Sergeant, Simon on, Slade, Truman Smith
Stanley, Storr  Btuait, Taliaferro, TiUinrfuwt. Triplet" Tu m
bul, Underwood, Peter .1 Waetier, Warren, Edward D White
jMhn White, Thomas W. WUhams, Lewis Williams, Joseph"! i
and WÍ5-Whll3'0pher   "    U',illam'>   «"'«d   Williams,   !
So the resolution was adopted.
[When the name of Mr. Bernard was called he
rose and said that he declined answering to his
name, because he considered that the House had
no constitutional power to adopt such a proceed-
ing ]
[Mr. Coopfr of Georgia declined voting on the
same grounds ]
Mr. WISE.   I presume that the question now
before the House is, whether we shall proceed to
bal ot for a committee.   I give notice, therefore,
that I will not ballot, and I lecommend to my ¡
friends to refnse to do so,                                       '!
[Cries of agreed, agreed.]
Mr. SMITH of Maine.   I give notice to the
House that I will ballot.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina, rose and
said thatheheldin hib hand a resolution, which
be intended to present, and on whan he should not
move the previous question, to prevent any ars xi-
i dity that it might contain from being exposed, as
other gentlemen had done in the case of the re-
solutions presented by them.    The   House had
* resolved that it would  consider  these   elections
when  he   was    persuaded   that  they   had    no
power to move one step in the matter.   The mem-
bers from New Jersey who held the Governors
certificates, have presented the prima facie evidence
of their right to the seats they claimed.   The mem-
bers who contest their seats present evidence to
show that they have received a majority of the
votes given; and it is contended that  (heirs is the
best prima facie evidence, unless it can be ¡?hown
that that majority was made up of the  votes of
alien'!, as contended for on the other side.    Mr. T.
then went on to show that it would be impossible
to do justice to either party, without hearing all the
evidence that nvght bs deemed necessary by both
parties; and that the House had no power, in its
present state, to summon and compel the attend-
ance of witnesses.   He knew not how the House
was to   act, but he had   seen enough to know
that the strongest principle in the nature of man
was party feeling; and under the influence of that
feeling, he had seen the sacred principles of the
Constitution trampled down.   He deemed it highly
necessary that the committee should act under the
responsibilities of an oath; but as no oath could be
administered, but in an informal manner,  he had
drawn up a resolution for that parpóse, which he
now submitted to the House.   Mr. T. here read
1  his resolution, dS follows:
i      Resolved, That the committee raised on the New
¡  Jersey election, have power to send for persons
and papers, and to swear witnesses; and that the
members of said committee be themselves sworn
befoie entering upon their duties.
Mr. PiCKEijS hav ng obtained the floor, «id,
I move this le.solution as an amendme t to that
ouered by my colleague. I desire, before p^oceec ing
into   a discussion of  the question, to   state very
briefly the rosition which I occupy upon it.    If
the House chooses, in its wisdom, to raise a select
committee in  thin case,   I desire that the action
of that committee shall    be  confined   to some
di>tmct   queskn, and   to  the   distinct question
raised   by   this House.     I  deMre   their   action
to be confined to the simple ques ion, "who are íe-
turned as members from the ¡State of New Jersey?"
I agree in the justice of many of the remarks of
my colleague in relation to the position now occu-
pied by the House.   I understood this from the
first, and therefore I voted against the resolution of
the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise 1 and
jet.terday voted against the resolution of my col-
league, for I foresaw the very difficulties in which
we are now involved; and I take tie occasion to
say, that I voted against the «solution cf the gen-
tleman from Virainia for another reason, and that
was.I dtsired a differentmode of proceeding than the
one contemplated by it.   If 1 had been call*d upon
to vote upon the resolution of the gentleman from
Virginia on the first day of our meeting, I wou'd
have voted in the affirmative.    I thought that
hose membe.s from New Jersey who held the cer-
tificates of the Governor of their State were cmi-
tled to take their seals, and to hold them until it
Ste  tulbh7"that;h?e° <«<¡°g claimants had a
bettet title.   I desired that course of proceedtne in
Hon' t^1TVífic,£nCy t0 o"«S">«t.oni K;
House thought proper to take a difieren course
I thought it due to the country, to our own dlgn tv
and to a sovereign State of this Union, that the
certificates of her constituted authorities should b!
received as prima facte evidence; and I regret that a
triumphant party, flushed with its recent victories m
different sections of the Union, should have"akeS
a different course. Thry have thought proper
to take a course different from the one I
approved   of,   and   we   are  now  involved in
Codiwh.   It is trueih , ,hi HuMehasnlreSv
