46
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE,
Friday, December 12, 1839.
Mr. CLAY ot Kentucky presented the cteden-
tials of the Hon. Johi* HendePsov, ele* ted b^ the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi a Senator
from that State, to serve for six years irom the 4th
of March last.
The usual oath -was administered to Mr. HEN-
DERSON, and he took his real.
The following ic<olulion, oileied yesterday by-
Mr. LÍNN, lays over:
fifSo'vei, That the President of the United States
be requested to send to the Senate all the informa-
tion iá his posses-ion relating to Hj** southern
boundary line of the 'lerntory of lona.
The Senate then adjourned.
HpUSE CF RE PRESENT ATI VES,
Friday* Dec* 13(1839i
Í journal of yesterday havim; been read,
WISE ro>e to propose an amendment to
burnal. The journal stated thai the gent'eman
i New Jersey moved that a paper, purp >rtmg to
fa protest of gentlemen claiming "eats Irom New
Jersey, be entered upon the journal He con-
tended, that as the yeas and navs weie taken on the
motion to enter the protest on the journal, the pro-
test must of consequence go on the journal. 'Ihe
géntleriiart from New Jersey had moved that the fol-
lowing papei (the protest) be entered on the jour-
nal, and when the question was t?ken ori that by
yeas and nays, it was a settled ru'c of the House
that the paper referred to must go on the journa'.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said that the Housj had
re^ectfd ihe motion of the g ntleman from New
Jetüpy oh yesterday) to enter the protest on the jour-
nal; and, consequently, it was not put on the jour-
nal of yesterday. If no objection h^d been made
to spreading the protest on the journal >n the first
inst nee, he took it for gian*ed that the <• lima of
the ye is ;nd navs wouli have placed it on the
journal, but objection hivmj been mule, pnl the
House having adjudicated on the matter, the
Cierk was not authoii?e I to disreg tá the solemn
ttiieisiOn of the House, when the House itself had
said that the paper should not go on ÚV journal.
Suppose this protest had been disrespectful and
insulting to the HoUse, woul I gentlemen sav that
we were compelled to enter it on the jounnl, be-
cause a s ngle member of the Hou " had mov cd
that it should be placed upon the journal''
Mr. C'-HNN desiied to I now of some ot th* old
members vt hether ii v, as customary, n such caies
as this, to enter papers on the jou u l.
Mr DROUMGOOLE would show some pre-
cedent on this subject. Prev o'l^ly to doing in, how-
ever, he would premi-e tha' the journal if Ihe
House had b en made out, and in accordance with
ihe i ule of the House, submi'ted to the prevuling
officer of the bodj for his inspection and leusion,
before n was read this thorning. He therefore pre-
sume 1 that it had parsed the ordeal of the inspec-
tion of the Cihirman, an 1 hul been ppp'oved b/
him  Then> in support of hatopm or. of the Cmirt,
for the Ctrvm had certainly ppproVed of the jour-
nal, he begged IsaVe to read a few precrd nt*.
Mr D  thai refer-ed lu fh  journals of the Honse,
*here Mr. Gainet hid proposed to enter a propo-
sition on the journal in relation to the S( uih Ame-
rican Repub'ics, and a qu st.on was taken upon it,
yet the piopojition hid not been entered upon the
journal. He also referred to a case where Gen.
Glascock and two other gentlemen moved to spread
their views on the journal, with regard to Mr.
Pincknij'a resolutions on the subject of Abolition
pel tions, and a question was taken, yet their views
were not spread on the journal.
G'tat stress had been p¿t by his colleague on the
call of the yeas and najs, he having co'it ntju¡ jlat
that call compelled the House to enter ihe rro'est
on the journa', but he wou'.l ask goutltmen whe-
ther the c.Ul of the yeas at,d nays either
added to oi diminished  |be poner of the   Home.

The protest was no ]>art of the proceed ags cf Jlie
fJonse, and he would ask whether the mere call of
¿he yeas and nays would compel the House to
spread it upon the journal.
Mr. WISE.    If my colleague will give way, I
M ill state my object.
Mr. DROMGOOLE I believe I know the ob-
ject of my colleague. I will not, however, say of
him, as he s«d of me yesteiday, that 1 know him
of old— for v,e are both young men-[laughter]—
but I believe his object to be to get on tne journal
of to-day, indirectly, what the gentleman from
New Jersey could not get on the journal ot yestei-
day direct!v. I think 1 see the drift of my col-
league; but I shall endeavoi to show that it would
involve fhc House in ab-uah'v *o adopt me course
contended for by my colleague. 1 will rot read
the pr codings m the case which I am about to
refer to, because they are familial to c erv gentle-
man here. It w ill be recollected bv gentlemen that
the Piesidem of ihe Uui cd ^a*e-\ a few years
ago, sent to the Senate a protest against certain
action of the Senate, and asked that it be enteied
on their journal. He was not a member of the
Senate, neither were the persons who presented
this papei bete members o* thi3 House. So far
there was a similamy in the two cases. Well,
after the protest oí the President wai read
in the Senate of the United Sta^s, that body
refused to leceive it, and refused to enter it
upon <heir joiv nal. and no legislativ e device of the
friends of the President coulu ge' if rm the journal.
After that protest w at> read in the Senate, \ariou"
mot'ons weie made, with a view of getting it on
the journal, and the yeas and na)s called;; et the
Senate nevei would permit it to goon the journal on
then mo'iofl, becalms «hey did not wish to involve
themsehes in the absurdity of jniíhmí op the jour-
na' that which thev decided should not go upon if.
The House decided on yesterday that this protest
should not go on the journal, and will they permit
now, to go upon it in the shape of an amend-
ment of the jotiriial, that which they decided should
not go upon it yesterday. If the Hbu*e intended
to act consistently, there w?s no other means of
placing this protest upon the journal, but b\ mov-
ing to reconsider the vote of -yesterday.
Mr. Wl>E then submitted a resolution that the
following paper be entered on the journal of yes-
terday, to wit-
We, the undersigned, Representatives of the
State of New Jeisey, duly commissioned as such
in conformity w ith the law s of the «aid State, hav-
ing been m part eitelttdtd from our privileges in
this meeting of the members ot the Hous° of Re-
present iti\ es, deem it our dttt t > place befo e this
body and the country our views with iespe< t to the
rights ot our Ma'" and of onisehts, and the pow-
eis and duties ol this meeting;. We fherefoie af-
fnm, in the piesence ot the memveis of the House
of Representatn es here assembled an I of the whole
Amenean p opV, the truth of the following p opo-
sitions-
1.  That, M the Constitution of the United
States each State has the power to prescribe by
law the lime, place, and manner of hoi ling elec-
tions for its own Represeníat ves in Congress,
which power includes the right of prescribing the
time, jilace, and manner ot asceitaming and mak-
ing known the result ti Congiess and the woild.
2.  That the'determination of the State authori-
ties, authenticated in the manner prescribed by the
Mate laws, is the only evidence of the election of
membeis of the House of Representatives which
can be received rnor to the organization of the
House; and is final and conclusive until leversed
by the House itself, duly organized.
3.  That no one who cannot produce the evi-
dence of his election, prescribed by the laws of his
State, is entitled to take a seat in the House of
Repieseniatives, and no one who does produce
such evidence can be exclude 1 befbie an investi-
gation b\ the House, without a gross violation of
the Constitution of the United States and thf rights
of the Mates themselves..
4.  That the House of Representatives cannot be
constit itionally o>garu?ed no" a quorum fo med
until all tb" Stat  of the Union hrve had pn op-
po tuiuv to appear bv all their Repiesentatúes;
and that a constitutional quorum is not me elv a
majority of the Representatives elect after the ar-
bitrary exclusion of other members, en any pretext
whatever, but a majority of all the members from
all the ¡States, affer each State has had an opportu-
nity to appear by her Representatives, and to con-
stitute apa t of that quui urn.
5 That the body here assembled, havmg vn hi.
dicialpowes, posbessing no means of sending tor
pe sons and papers, not legallv autho i/td to tut-
mine witnesses  pcW oath and exp t >sh fuibid-
den by law to go into th* constipa". " ot «u \ bu-
siness befo e the House i- organized an! tin- oa'.-
to suppo t the Constitut.oii administered to its
members, cannot exe cise tlv hu< st judicial f uiu -
lion beloiiáin^ •« the House of Rep e -nuiives—
I  that of receiving and reusing the decisions oi the
State autho'ities hi i elation  to tnui oun el^'ioi.
II  and that its onlj   power is to  require toe  p, rod '<
'I appealing heie as membe s to p odue. ihe ci 7 sj
"'  tials pescibed b>  the laws of thur lespalne
States.                                    ,          ,            ,    .
6. That the State of Isew Jerse) rtav i x bs Uw
prescubed the ame, place, and manner ot hoId.i-.fr
elections, and also the ame, place, and manae. ol
marina known the result, and having lot this j u -
pose selected the highest kind of evidence know n
to the Corstituiion, to the common law, to Ihe Par-
liamentary law, and to the laws of nations_a
commission undei hei great seal and signed h\ 'Ik
Executive—has thus made known to Congiess and
to the wü id that we we hei Representatives ,n tin
26th Congress                                  , ^      .       ,
Tnis body having, in derogation of the princ pies
above affirmed, refused m part to recognise our
credentials, and that upon the authority ot a paper
which, emanating from an officer not recognised L<y
the laws of New Jersey regulating elections, ana
therefore riot under the sanction of an official oath,
stating mrrely inferences from other papers, them-
selves not evidence, being ex parte affidavits taken
without authority of law, and without notice to us,
and proved by the law itself to be false upon its
face, could not bt received as proof of the facts it
asserts in any court of record in the Union; and an
m'ention b;ing manifested to carry further this re-
sult to our State, and to consummate the outrage
upon her rights, by excluding us, her Representa-
tives, frem taking pait n the organization of the
House, we, in the name of our State, and ot our-
selves, and in behalf if om common country, and
of all the other S'ates whose rights are outraged m
the violation of ours, do most solemnly protest
against any such usurpation of power by trm b >Jy,
and do utterly disclaim its right to do an act which
will be a bolder and more flagrant violation of the
ConM.tution of ihe Un'ted States, and of the laws
and rights or the States tfiemielves, than has ever
jet been attempted in this country.
Washington, Dec. 12, A. D. 1839.
JNO. B AYCRIGG,
CHABLE3 C. STRATTON,
J. P. E MAXWELL,
J HALSTED,
T. JONES YORKE.
Mr. DROMGOOLE iose to a point of outer
Mr WISE thought his colleague's point would
turn out to be a "point no point."
Mr. DROMGOOLE snbmiUed a point of order.
Under the rule, the judgment of the House is to
stand until it is reveised, and can only be reversed
by a motion to reconsider, therefore, could his
couise reverse the decision of the House, without
reconsidering the vole of yesterday'
Mr. WISE then referred to decisions under the
late Speaker of the House, to show that papen, had
been entered upon the journal in cases where the
yeas and nays had been called, and where the
House decided that thev should not go on the jour-
nal. Mr. W. stated that th.s rule of proceeding
had been admitted by the gentleman from New
York on jesterday, and h" contended that it was
Ihe only ptotecti' n of mmoiities to adhere stncllv
toiules. Mr. W. refened to a vatiety o' prece-
dents in the couise of hi  remarks, and concluded
by moving the previous question on his tesolntion.
Mi. D1VIS moved to lay the motion of the
gentleman from Yiigmia on the table.
Mr. BRIGGS inquired of the Ctuin. if the reso
luhon of the gent] eman from Virginia would not
go on the journal of to-day, whether his motion
prevailed or not?
1 he CHAIR stated that the journal of yesterda'
had been made up as usual in such case?, omitting
