the protest; but as a motion had been made to-day
embracing that paper, according to the decisions of
the two last Speakers of the House, that paper
would go on the journals of to-day.
Mr. DROMGOOLE appealed from this decision,
so that it might be seen whether the House would
sustain this course of proceeding.
Mr. TILLINGHASI" then referred to a rule of
the House, which had been adopted since the cases
referred to by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Dromgoole,] by which, he contended, a paper
must be entered on the journal, when submitted in
the shape of a motion by a member of the House,
and the yeas and nays were ordered upon it.
Mr. TURNEY would inquire whether the Houce
was now about to adopt a rule by which a member
might spread up n the journals any paper coming
from individuals out of the House. If you adopt
this rule of action, you put it in the power of any one
member of the Hou e to incorporate in a motion
every Abolition petition which may come to this
House, and yon will be compelled to enter them at
large upon your jou-nals, notwithstanding you may
have adopted a resolution declaring that they shall
not be read and received by the House. He hoped
gentlemen would reflect on this matter before they
adopted such a precedent as this.
Mr. HOFFMAN contended that every proposi-
tion should be entered upon the journal*, upon
which members were called to vote by yeas and
nays , in order that their constituents might be cor-
rectly informed m relation to their votes.
Mr. PETRIKIN rose, and moved the previous
question on the appeal.
Mr. HOFFMAN here raised a question as to
whether the appeal was in order. The gentleman
had only made an inquiry of the Chair, and, upon
the answer to that inquiry being given, he had ap-
pealed without the Chair having made any formal
decision.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that the motion of his
colleague was not a motion to amend the journal
of yesterday, but it was simply a motion to do
that indirectly to-day which the House refused to do
directly yesterday.
Mr. WISE. I stated that I made a motion to
amend the journal in this way—by incorporating the
protest m my resolution. Get that off the journal
if you can.
Mr. DAVIS of la. inquired whether his motion
to lay on the table would not lay the whole ques-
tion on the table. If so, he moved to lay the whole
matter on the table.
Mr. MERCER wished to know if a motion to
lay the journal on the table would not prevent us
from keeping a journal.
The CHAIR said certainly not; for when this
question is disposed of, any other motion may be
made with regard to the journal.
Mr. BYNUM. Can a member of the House do
that indirectly which another member has been pro-
hibited from doing directly'?
Ihe CHAIR. The gentleman niUüt answer that
question himself.    [Laughter ]
Mr. SERGEANT rose to a question of order,
and was stating it at considerable length, and re-
ferring to the proceedings of the House, when
Mr. BYNÜM called him to order, because he
was going on to debate the question in the very
face of the rule.
Mr. SERGEANT then asked if the motion to
lay on the table was in order.
The CHAIR. The gentleman has withdrawn
that motion.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir, I have repeated it two or
three times.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked whether, if the motion to
lay on the table prevailed, the journal of yesterday
would be laid on the table.
The CHAIR replied that it would not, but that
all the quest'ons which had been raised this morn-
ing would.
Mr. TURNEY inquired if the motion to lay on
the table took precedence of the appeal taken by
the gentleman from Virginia.
The CHAIR said the motion to lay on the table
took precedence.
Mr. WISE  said  the gentleman's motion em-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
cfurse af-er the dsprs lion just made of the prior
mot on of his honorable c lleague, [Mr. Lew s.]
He i'es red that such should be the course, for he
was anxious that his motion shiuld now Le con-
si 'e ed and acted on by the H< use 
Mr. C. considered it due to himself, beftre the
question was t ken, to submit a few remarks in
explanation rf his course. He was nut m the
habit i f tioubhng the House in this way, prefer-
ring, as he did, to c ntent himstlt with the expla-
nation which h s vote  v oul 1 g ve up n all que!* 
11 n  of interest. But such had been the Fact, that,
pr or t> the call of the roll, many votes hid teen
tfken by tellers merely, which coorse left no trace 
of his opinions as expressed by the ve tes he thus
gave. Without an explanation, therefore¡ his later
voles, wh'ch appeared upon the journal, would
nusrepre ent h s irlte sentiments, an I, so far as his
fir<t \otes were known to members, present an in-
consistency.
He theiefore embraced this occasion to say that
his mind had undergone no change on the <}ues>*
tion. He camo here wiih the c pinion wheh he
still entertained, that the claimants fr m New Jep
sey, having credentials in conloimity with the laws
of that State, just as he came v. ith the coiniriissioh
of (he Governor (f Alabama, pursuant to the law
of that Sta'f, were, equally with h mself, entitled,
temporar ly, to take their ¡-eats r n this floor, and
participate in the < rgamzation of the House. Th1 
was his opinion when he entered this hall) and this
opinion remnceJ unchanged.
But the House rejected the proposition of the
gent eman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] dec annghis
(Mr. C's) opinion  o i tln> plain proposition, there-
by shownp, as he then cinceived, a majority of the
body adverse to his own well founded view of the
coriectcoar c to be pur red. Wh<it, then-, was ló
be done, and yet to a\oid that cbur e upon this
floor, which might we 1 be denominated factious?
Why. surely, to ad pt the next be t proposition.
He discovered, he hought, thst proposition in the
ooe oTered by the ho orab'e gentleman from Sbüth
Carolina, [Mr Rhett,] which p'edged the House,
before it wou d go into an election of Speaker, to in-
quire into and determine who are en tit ed to seats
on this floor as Representatives from Neiv Jersey.
Thi % under the circums'anees, was the next best
couise that could be pursued, and therefore he sur*-
poited it. He supported the piorosition of the ho 
norable gen lemaa from Virginia, [Mr. Drom-
goolf ] merely as a convenient and. expedient
mode oí carrying out the resolution offered by
the gent'eman irom South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,]
and adopted by ihe House
But wha' ha' eweio* heaid, said Mr C. on this
floo i Instead of an adherence to the r rmciples
which he oonsideied as 'ettled by a majority ol the
Hou c in re ec mg the re olution offered by thi
gentleman from Vnginia, [Mr. Wise,] the honora-
ry e gentleman from Somh C iro ma [Mr. Rhett]
yesterday submitted views wh ch he (Mr. C.) could
not consider otherwise than inconsi tent with the
previous cour e of that honorable gen leman He
said this in a proptr spirit, and not with a view of
censmug m the le5st 'he course of the sentleman,
but mere y ihe be ter to account tor and explain
his (Mr. C's) own course He yielded w i h great
p'easure io that gent'emnn, and every other, the
same privilege he claimed for himself, of pursuing h s
own course, in his own way, uninfluenced by the dic-
tation of any other person or body ol persons. But
that gentleman formed one of the small majority
which had, on a former day of the session, rejected
by his vote the correctness of his (Mr. C's) views,
and now expiessed opinions, "which, if followed < ut,
could but lead to a different course. What then
became his (Mr. C's) duty? Certainly to re-
trace his steps, taken correctly unrfw the cxrtum-
slancei as they appeared at the time but which he
now had reason to hope, and believed, with the aid
of the honorable gentleman from Seutn Ca-olina,
[Mr. Rhett,] the House would be induced to re-
trace, and theieby r lace us once more upon the
true ground, where the House could d at once,
and while it was yet in time, what had been his
onginal opinion, and which had undergone no
change from the arguments he had heard: that is
to say, proceed  to organize the House, permitting
braced all the appeal—the amendment of the jour-
nal and all.
Mr. MERCER here raised a question of order
as follow*: "A motion being made to amend the
journal of the House, while the journal was pass-
ing before the Hwuse for correction, the Cha'rman
decided that should the motion to amend bs laid
on the table, the journal does not accompany."
Mr. M. appealed from  this decision, and called
for the yeas and nay s;  but the House refused to
order them, and the decision of the Chair was sus-    |
tamed almost unanimously.
The yeas and nays were then called on Mr.
Davis's motion to lay on the table, and were—yeas   :
103, nays 119.                                                              ]
So the House refused to lay the question on the    ¡
table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I presume now my ques-
tion on the appeal comes up.
Mr. WISE asked if, by the votes already taken,
his resolution was not placed on the journal.
Mr. PETRIKIN renewed the motion to lay the
appeal on the table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then submitted a point of
order, that the journal could not be altered under
pretence of amendment.
Mr. WISE objected to his colleague's point of
order, that it stated what was not true. He ob-
jected to any one putting words into his mouth by
color, by paint, or by whitewash.
Mr. SMITH of Maine thought it was very sin-
gular if they could not keep off their journal any
figures, characters, or words, they had expressed a
determination should not be placed on it.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked ihe Chairman whether
he would put the quest on on a motion offered by
h m or not. He had cal'ed ft r the previous ques-
tion three or four tine*, and ihe Chairman, with
an obstinacy peculiar to himself, refused to put the
question to the House. He wrhed to know, on
behalf of himself and his coi^t luents, how long
th s ccur e was 'o be pers s ed in.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then sa d tha*, if his popo-
sition was not iimilar to the one heret fore
adopted, he would w thdraw the former, and now
offer it in the following words:
"Mi. Wise of Virgin a moved to amend the
journal, by inserting theieon a paper presented on
yesterday by Mr. Randolph, which the House re-
fused to enter on the journal. Mr. Dromgoole
made a point of order, that it is not in order, under
color of amending the journal, to propose to insert
said paper, the decision for yesterday being still m
force."
Mr. PETRIKIN. And on that I call the pre-
vious question. The Chairman will now under-
stand me. I hope.
The CHAIRMAN decided that Mr. Drom-
goole's proposition was not in order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. From that decision I ap-
peal.
Mr. PETRIKIN. And on that appeal I demand
the previous question; which was seconded.
Mr. DROMGOOLE demanded Ihe ayes and
noes, which were ordered.
Mr. UNDERWOOD move 1 to lay the whole
subject on the table, which was carrud in the af-
firmative.
So the whole subject of amending the journals,
and incidental questions, were laid on the table.
The CHAIR stated that there were two privi-
leged questions. The first was the motion of the
member from Alabama [Mr. Lewis] to reconsider
the resolution of the member from South Carolina
[Mr. Rhett ]
Mr. LEWIS said that it was not his intention to
press his motion at this tune, but gave notice that
if the resolution of the gentleman from South Ca-
rolina [Mr. Pickens] was defeated, he would call
it up.
The CHAIRMAN staled that the next proposi-
tion was that of the gentleman from Alabama [Mr.
CrabbJ to reconsider the resolution of the gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole ]
Mr. CRABB said, he did nt t call up his motion
to reconsider the resolution of the honorable mem-
ber from Virginia who sits behind him, [Mr.
Dromgoole,] because he cons dered that, under
one of the rules of this House, it comes up of
