48
CONCUESSIONAL GLOBE.
the people of New Je.sey to be íepresented, lor
the time by those who come here under the au-
thority of her laws, and through the mstiumentali-
ty of her Governor,* h/y " the larguage of the honora-
ble gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr Rhftt,] is
the only organ, of communication upon this sub-
ject, between that State and this House. He
deemed, with that gentleman, the Governor of that
State to be the on y 'egal organ; the on y vore
hat the House could properly recognise in this
stage (f the proceeding, but if a majority of the
House should persist, as he had unde-stood them
heretofore to decide, he shou'd on this, as on all
similar occasions, bjw with respect to the will tf
the majority.
Mr. C. said he had a word to say in relation to
the resolution  which his honorable friend from
South Carolina [Mr. Picked] proposed to offer.
He agreed with him that the direct and proper
question for decis'on by the House at this time,
was the question of return, and not the question
of election.     The Constitution   separates   these
question , and they must be decided as they arise
before the House.     Thit geni'ernan ndn.it>  that
the question now before the House, is the question of
return; but, says he, not who are returned, but who
ought to have been returned.     He consideied that
his friend, by his resolution, varied the direct ques-
tion as contained m the Constitution itself.     That
instrument give* this House the power to judge of
the election1', returns, and qualifications of gentl -
man presenting themselves here as claimants to
seats on this floor.    The first question that neces-
sarily arises at thp commencement of each  Con-
gress, is, who are returned'   After this, if any con-
test   is instituted, the question  arises as  to   the
elec'ton or qua'ifia ion, a? the case  may be,  of the
member returned. Now the resolution of the hono-
rable    gentleman   from    S u'h   Catolina [Mr.
Pickens] proposes that this Hi u e shall  inquire
into who   ought to have been returned fiom -New
Jersey; not who is returned.    If this, be the proper
question on the subject of returns, pu>h the rea-
soning another step, to the election; and the ques-
tion, by parny of logic, would be, not who w elected,
bnt who ought to have been elected.   Do not pentle-
men see the effect of such reasoning, and that it
will lead them into an absurd contraction  of the
powers of this House on this subject   And do they
not perceive that the question of who cvght to hate
bernrefarntd, is precisely coextensive and identical
with the question of who is el ctec1 He would say,
also, that his views on this question did not com-
mit bim in the least on the merits of the question of
election. Whenever that question came legitimately
before the House, after it shall be organized, the
members nvorn, &c. he should go into that question
without prejudice, and prepared, he hoped, to de-
cide it on correct and constitutional principles.
He had said this much under an imperious sense
of duty to himself, and that his friends here and
elsewhere might understand the impulses under
which   he had acted.    He   gene ally   p efened
st'ence to a mingling in the ge-eral debates oí the
House, because he was aveise  to  the unnecessjty
consumption oí precious time by the almost mtei-
minable debates which a e witnessed on this lloor
He had troubled the House on this occasion foi
another pur, ose   to declaie, whit he conceived to
be the duty of every true Republican, his disposi-
tion    to submit,   with profound respect,  to  the
c early expressed will oi a majontv, on all occa-
sions where the Constitution does not guaranty
rights to a minority.   Any other c urse he deemed
factious and highly improper; in which íesfect he
was not, and never would, he hoped,  become a
pa'ty man.     Party, as regards prm iples,   was
right and proper in itself.   There was not a more
sublime spectacle than high sacrificing devoti< n to
pun iple; but party ties, and party devotion, for
self-agg andi7ement, and meie pa>ty purposes, cill
it what y¡ u will, was but mere facü m at last, and
greatly disreputable to any bjdy of ndividurls
He hoped his moti n tj iec<nsiderw ud pre-
vail; that his hon r_ble colleague's [Mr Lt wis]
would also prevail, ard that the House wculd re-
trace its steps to what he conceived, with due de-
feience for all who differ from him, to be the con-
stitutional and only correct view ol the subject.
Mr. WISE obtained the floor, and said that if
he could be assured by gentlemen on both sides
that thev would reconsider the \ ote for the appoint-
ment of a committee, and come directly to the vote
on the returns, upon the evidence now before the
douse, he would yield the floor. If gentlemen on
all sides would say now, that they would recon-
sider the vote appointing this committee, and at
once take up a resolution to determine the question
whethei either one set 01 the other of the IV ew
1 Jeisey members should take their seats, he would
\ be silent, and beg gentlemen also on all sides to be
sxler. t.    [Cries of agreed, agreed, on all sides.J
Mr. W then recapitulated the teims of his pro-
position, and there w as a general assent to it on
all sides, -with the exception of
Mr. TURKEY, who said, I for one will not
agree to th's proposition
Mr. WISE resumed Centlemen have now had a
fair proposition made them, and they have rejected
it. Let us now hear no more about the re-
sponsibility of keeping this House from orga-
nization, and from proceeding to the public business.
A gentlemanfi cm Tennessee, [Mr.lLRNEV,] one of
the accredited leaders of the A elinmistration paitv,
objects to the fair propos tion 1 have made, and it
falls to the groui-d. [Much noise and contusion,
and loud ones of "A<r Tlrneí- withdraws his ob-
jections," while others were heaid cryn g "go on,
go on."]
Mr TURNEY he'e rose and said that h<  with-
drew his ob ection at the solicitation of his friends
Mr WISE. There is so much confusion that I am
in doubt what to do; several gentlemen around me
call upon me to go on with the debate, while othera
tell me that they will a-cede to my proposition.
The gentleman from Tennessee ob ecting—     /
[Here Mr. Wise was interrupted by several gen-
tlemen, and told that Mr. Tcrnfy had withdrawn
his objection ]
Mr WICE Will gentlemen, then, agiee that we
shall enter at once upon the credentials, and that
these resolutions shall be considered as rescinded1
Will gentlemen consent to take the dnect vote1
[Cries of "yes, yes," on all sides ]
The CHAIR then put the question on rescinding
the resolution of Mr. Dromgoole, and 't was car-
ried in the affirmative unanimously
Mr. WISE. Then I ofler the follow ing resolu-
tion, and call foi the prev ions question on it-
Resoh/d,Ih't J. Banker Aycitrro, J. P B Max-
well, Wilh am Halstid, Charles C. Stkatton,
and Thomas Jones Yorke, are entitled to ther
seat=.
Mr. PICKENS said he asked it as a personal
favor that the gentleman from Virginia would in-
seit the constitutional uoid "returns,' m his reso-
lution.
Mr WISE.    No su, no sir.                                   ,
Mr. CIUIG then moved a  call oí  th"  House,
which was seconded on all sides, and caiued. The  I
names of the members ha\ mg been then called over I
by the Clirk, it was ascertained that there were
foui   or five absentees, among whom  was Mr.
Hawlsoí Kentucky
Mr. WHITE informed the House that Mr.
Haw es w as absent from sickness, and moved that
he be excused
Mi CR^ICr moved that the absentees be sent
for, w hich w as earned.
Mr. WISE said if gentlemen would permit it
at this time, when they were doing nothing, he
would modify his resolution. Some gentlemen
aio'i d him seemed to think that his resolution set-
tled the final question as to the seats of the mem-
bers from New Jersey, and he would therefore
withdraw his resolution and offer the following, for
w hich he found a precedent in the proceedings of
the House
Revived, That the c e^entia's of the fol'owirg
members, J. Banker Aicrygg, J P. B.'Maxwell,
Wm. Halsted CniRLFS C. Stpitton, at d Tho-
mas Joves YouhE, arc sufficient to en it e them to
tale,eats in the Hon e, 'eavirg the ques on of
cm e led e'ection to be , i eiw.uds decided by the
House.
Mr PICKENS objected to the change in the
of the resolution, because it changed the
There was but a shadow oí difference be-
tween the original and substitute, but in these times,
Mr. P. said, shadows count.
Mi WISE íephed, that ha only bound hunselt
to ofler a direct proposition, and the resolution he
now offered was as much so as the oi iguial.
Mr   UJNDERWOOD hoped the previous ques-
tion might not be carried     He should \ ote against
the last proposition, as well as against the original,
and hoped the House would not second the call loi
the previous question
After some tt w remarks from Mr WIfeh,
Mr.  UNDERWOOD  asked if  the call l<n the
pievious question had been seconded by theHou c,
and demanded that the question on seconding th<
call be put now
Mr. PICKENS observed that he had not the
slightest objections himself to voting on the lesolu-
tion as modified He understood the gentleman to
read the resolution to the Hou«e as p^rt ol hi, pL< -
position, and he [Mr. P ] (hen on,tcted to th" lan-
guage of it, and íequesíed the gentleman to ins n
the constitutional word "returns," which he i<-
fusedtodo. The \erv slight change mai'< h\ the
gentleman in the resolution, mi"ht dficct the votes
of one or two gentlemen; and it was ioi this i asem
he opposed it He might be mistaken, b it his un-
derstanding was, that the original resolution, as
olleied by the gentleman from Virginia, was a
pait of the proposition that was acceded to on all
sides.
Mr WISE. I will ease the fears of the gentle-
man. I understand he had a resolution readv to
oflei )esteida>, piovidmg that Mr. Dickersov and
his associates should take their seats as membei s
fiom New Jersev Now I will make a fair propo-
sition to the gentleman. I will withdraw my reso-
lution, and let him ofTei his in its stead.
Mi. PICKENS. I prefer the gentleman's reso-
lution, because it is an affumati\e proposition.
On taking the vote, the call for the pievious
question w as seconded by the House.
The question, " shall the main question be now
put1" was then taken, and it was decided in the
affirmative
The main question was then taken by jeas and
najs, and it was decttled m the negative—)eas 117,
navs 117, as follows-
YEAS—Mes r=¡   Adams, Alford   John W  Allen, Simeon
H Andeison, Andiews, Barnard, Bill, lliddle, Black, Bon\
1  Botts,  Engl ,   Brockway,   Anson   Brown,   Calhou.i,   Jo'inS 
Campbell   William B Campbell Carter, L'hinn, Chrittenden,
l Clark, Colquitt, James Cooj er, Mark A Coojer, Coiwin,
Crabb, Gianiton Crockett, Cums, Cushmg, Edward Daviee,
Garret Davis, Djwson, Deberry, Dei ms, Dillett, Edwards
Evans, Everett, Tillmoie, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gatt.-.
Gentry, Giddings, Goggin. Goods, Graham, Granger, Giave«,
Green, Gunnel), Habersham, Hall, William S Hastings
Henry, Hill of Virginia, Ho man, Hopkins, Hunt, Hunter,
James, Jenifer, Charles Johnston, Wm C Johnson, King,
Lawrence, Lincoln, Marvin, Mason, Mercer, Mitchell, Monroe,
Morgan C Moms, Naylor, Nisbet, Ople, Ofhorn, Palen, Peck,
rope, Promt, Randall, Randolph, Randen, Rayner, Reed,
Rhett, Ridgway, Russell, baltotistall, Seigeant She-
pan!, Simomon, glade, Tnim n Smith, Stanly, Storrs
Stuart, Tahafcno, Vvaddy Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland,
Triple , Trumbull, Underwood, Ieter I Wagner, Warren,
Edward D White, Jol n White Thomas W Williams, Lew i«,
Williams, Joseph I. Williams, Christopher H Williams, Slier-
rod Wiluams, and Wist—117
NA\S— Mesáis  Judson Allen, Hugh J  \nderson, Attier
ton, Banks, Beatty, B-irne, BUrkwell, Boyd, Biewster, Aaion
V   Brown, Albeit G Brown, Bwke, SiuipMrn H Butler,
WiHurn O   Jiutlei, Byuum, Can, Carroll, Casey, Chapman,
V  ,„ «'„ e?' 1Corinrer' crag> Clary, Co**, Dana, Divcc,
John Davis. John W Davis, De la Montanya, Doan, Doig,
Dioomgoole, Duncan,  Earte, last man,  Ely,' Ttno.   Fisher
n«] H,„í1 kr°un!1"Ce' Galbraith, Geiry, Guffin, Uam
Hli?    irJ,0hn HiV"''^  Hawkins, Hill of N C Hilien,
™iT?' Joseph John,, n Cave J,h, sen, N-uhame
Jones. !„},„ w j(,nt8i Keim> Re| ,u    , baJbet      'L    ^ j
ft
If
r£t
I
*
IfltS
\|t
■0
til
iiK
 
its r
n
Mi
«iff
S(
un
*P
ii
in
Jones, John W
anl, Ur I owe ; Í uc^'Mkiri,:^H ecuü      McK?>   M
tns Prlt)?*   vh Pame ter>P< ™. Payoter, Petnkin, PICk
a^i?.™6?^0-"?. Pamuels Shaw,  Albert  Smith, Jjlm
form
issue
So it was decided by the House that Mersrs.
AiCK-OG, Mixwell, Strattov, Yorkp, and Hal-
ST1.D, shall not take their seats as Representatives
from the State of New Jeisey.
aÍÍL Si7n fH °f VaiPe the'1 °'Tered a resolution
that the House would now proceed to the election
oi a Speaker.
fJlr- W,feE- I ^ if this ,s canying out in
fairness my proposition   '"        - -
is
[Cnesof"
yes, yes^—your
resolution has been offered and decided against
