CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«6tH C0NO....-...18T Sess.
TrRSHAY. DECEMBER, 24. 1339.
Volumr 8.........No. 4.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE 81 PER SESSION.
(Conlmtud froax Xo. 3.)                        '
Tlie House has decided, said Mr. W. that Me^r-..
Aycrioo, Yorse, Stratton, Maxwell, and Ual-
sted, shall eot be admitted a-s members, but it has
not decided whJ "hall take their seats as members
from New Jersey.
Mr. SMiTH of Maine. The House has de-
cided not less than sn times that those gentleman
from New Jersev who claim under the Go ernor's
commission shall not be pennitted to take their
aeats.
Mr. MERCER here mo\ed that the House ad-
journ; and Messrs Griffin and D*vis being ap-
pointed tellers, the question was taken, and decided
in the negative—aves 113, navs It".
Mr SMITH of Maine called tor the reading of
his resolution, and mo\ ed the previous question
on it
The CHAIR was proceeding to read the resolu-
tion, (Mr. Smith stilt retaining the floor,) when
Mr. PROFFlT rose amid loud cries of "order,
order," and said that he rose to a point of order
He wanted to know whether a gentleman could
move a resolution, and, before it was debated, move
the previous question on it'
Mr SMITH was understood to say that he was
only following the example set bv the gentleman
from Virginia before han [Mr. Wise ]
Mr. PROFriT. I ask whether it is in order for
a gentleman, because he has a sufficiency oí lungs
to enable hrm to d row n the voices of a'l the rtst,
to propose a resolution, and then move the previous
question7   I say that it is not in order.
[Here Mr. Proffit was loudly called to order
from various parts of the hall, and too* his seat ]
Mr JOHNSON of Maryland. I make a further
point of order, and ask if the genteman from
Mame is entitled to the floor7
Here something like order was restored, and the
Clerk proceeded to read the resolution, when
Mr. sVIITH moved the previous que.-tion on it.
Mr. WISE rose to a point of order Bv the re-
j solution of the gentleman from South Carolina,
IMr. Rhett,] he said this House had determined
that it would decide the question as to w ho should
be received as th" Represéntate es from the í tate
of New Jersey before going into the election of a
Speaker. He called for the reading ot t.iat resolu-
tion, and appealed to the consciences of gentlemen
whether they would not carry out a resolut on
adopted by their own votes.
Mr. SMHH. My conscience is perfectly at
rest as far as the gentleman iron  Virginia is con-
cerned. That resolution was voted aga nst by the
gentleman, and was, by the geneial consent of the
whole House, considered as reconsidered.
[He e Mr. Smith was interrupted by loud and
repeated call- to order, from the Opposition mem-
bers. A violent uproar ensued—Mr. Smith de-
fending his right to the floor, and attempting to pro-
ceed with hH remarks, w hile the cries of "Order,
order," were continued, so as to prevent him from
being heard.]
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON, at this -tage of
the proceedings, addres-ed the Chair, and said a
few word.-*, the only part of which heard by the re-
porter was, ".'11 make him sit down if jou'il ordei
me."
Mr. SMITH still retain ng his place on the
floor, and endeavoring to make himself heard,
The CHAIR was understood to direct him to
Uke his seat, and Mr. S. sat down. The noi e
and confusion was so great, however, that the re-
porter could not hear what the Chair said.
Mr. WISE called for the re ding of Mr.
Rhett's resolution, when the clamor instantly
ceased, and the resolution was read.
Mr. WISE >aid. I submit the point of order,
whether that re olution of Mr. 1 hitt is not im-
perative? Gentlemen canno' waive that resolu-
tion. They have, uudf-r the dispensation of Pio-
vidence, bv which we have been deprived of the
vote of a member, who sco fined to his sickbed,
[Mr. Hawes,] been able to bring us to a tie, and
thus detent the icsolution I olleied lor Mi At-
irigi. and his neonates to take then seats ns Repre-
sentatives trom New Jer ev. I put it to gent emen
whether it is in good laith to puss over the resolu-
tion they have adopte )' I rut a ti then con-
sciences, and a^k them if they dare waive the
claim-of Messrs. Dickehsov an i V room, and their
asocíate? If they do, will it not be consideied
that tho^e claims were a pietence lum the l>eg n- I
n ng1 Do yt n now sav, gentlemen, that vou have '
paved out the rlav, and tint thee claim, were
but a slnin Irom the beginning]
Mr. SMHH uberved that the question was  '
opon   his   res dution,   ami   that  he had   never
taken his seat '•nice he presented it.    [Here Mr.
S. was ag*in interrupted With fuch loud and re-  ,
peaed cnej of "older, oidei!" that it was impos- I
Mb'e to hear what he said.]                                        )
Mr. VANDERPOEL observed that he com- I
mended the motives and conduct of the gentleman I
from Virginia, when he introduced his resolution, I
which he hoped would calm the tempest which
had been raging round them for twelve days. Let
me explain the position in which this House was,
said Mr. V. when that resolution was offered. The
whole morning was consumed in useless debate on
a question of amending the journal. A resolution
had been submitted bv the gentleman from Virginia,
for carrying into effect the very pioposition which
he now savs the Hou^e is bound to carry out,
though he opposed that proposition at the cutset,
and had taken the floor this morning in support of
the motion to reconsider it. While the gentleman
was on fie floor, he reproached us with w asting
time on preliminary matters. He called out to us
to inarch boldly up to the main question. We
took him at his word—we have taken the vote, and
his resolution has been rejected. There is thus,
said Mr. V. an end of the w hole matter.
Mr. WISE here explained that the object of his
intended speech w?s to dispense with the resolution
for the appointment of a committee, in order to
bring the House to decide, under the resolution of
the gentlempn fh m South Carolina, [Mr. Rhett,]
uho«hould be considered members trom the State
of New Jersey. B, that resolut or, the House had
impeiatively decided that, before going into the
election of a Speaker, it would decide this quest on.
Mr. VANDERPOEL saul it amomted to the
same thing The resolution of the gentleman from
Virginia [Mr. Dromgoole] was only carrying out
the resolution of the gentleman from South Caroli-
na, and appointing agencies lor that purpose.
When the gentleman from Vngima [Mr. W sf]
was contending for a repeal of the icsolution, he
proposed that we should march to the dnect ques-
tion boldly, and everj gentleman believed that it
was a Wriverof all preliminary matters.
Mr. GALBRAll H rose to a point of order, and
asked if a ques ion of order w as debatable'
Mr. WISE. I appeal to my honorable col-
league from the Norfolk district, if he did not ask
me whether the decision, as to the right of the
members holding 'he cert ficates of the Governoi,
would preclude the light of d cidmg as to the
claims ( f i he others'
The CHAIR here said th t the resolution that
had been adopted by the House, was mt reconsi-
dered, and was still in force. rJ he question that |
was taken, w as taken by universal consent, and
did not set aside the resolution. The mot on of
the gentleman from Maine [Mi. Smith] was,
however, considered by ihe Ciuir. to be in order,
al hough there aie res >'u ions in the journal which
have not been disposed oí.
Mr, SVIITH again moved the previous question
on his resolution.
Mr. WHITE appealed from the decision ot the
Chair.
Mr. GR ^VES moved an adjournment; and on
that ques'ion he calle 1 for the veas and navs.
The yeas and navs having been oi lered, the
question was  taken on Mr.   Graves's  motion,
which was decided m the negative—yeas 109, nays
119.
Mr. DUNCAN asked if the previous question
had been called on the resolution.
The CHAIR answered that it had, but the ques-
tion now was on the appeal ol the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Mr. WHITE lose and proceeded to make some
remarks, vv hen
Mr. BlllGGS appealed to the Chair whether the
question on an appeal vv as debatable.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON requested the Cleric
to read the rule vv hich declares that questions of
order, of appeal, &c. aie not debatable, which was
done.                                              ,      *'•
Mr WHITE continued his remarks,and was
repeatedly railed to order; and
Mr. SMITH of Maine appealed to the Chair to
decide whether the gentleman was in order.
Mr. G1DDING3 moved to lay the appeal on the
table; but subsequently withdrew the motion.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS moved an adjournment;
but afterwards withdrew the motion.
Mr. WISE i ene wed the motion to adjourn, and
called for the j eas and nays.
The question having been taken, the House re-
fused to adjourn—veas 107, nays 116.
Mi. WHITE moved that his appeal, and the
resolution of Mr. Smith, be laid on the table.
Messrs. GRWES and AVHITE asked for a
call oí ¡he Hou>e; and
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, the yeas and
na,s were ordered on uking that question, and
they resulted in—yeas 84, nays 125.
Mr. THOMAS" then moved a divisuon of Mr.
White's mo ion, when
Mr. WHITE withdrew his moln n, and moveJ
to lay Mr. Smith's resolut on on the table, and
Mr. DUNCAN called for the previous question
on that mo ion.
The question w?s then taken on Mt. White's
motun, and it was decided in the negative—yeas
105, navs 113.
Mr EVERETT arpea'ed to h's fr'ends to
wit draw lurther opposition. We are fair y bea'-
en, sí d he, and lei i s s bmit like men Ifihe
gent eman from Man e would ag ee to modify his.
reso uuon, so a  to go u to the e ect on of Speaker
to-mouovv at twelve o'c odr, instead of cow, he
would i o longer tppose it.
Mr. SMITH.   Ag eed, sgreed '
Mr. WiSE. I g ve gent emen of this House
fair warning, that 1 vva h my hands of all agree-
ment. I stand uron my ngh's, and will not ac-
knowledge myself beaten unul I know lam «o.
Mr. SMITH ro<e and made seme remarks,
whuh it was impossible to hear from the uproar
ihat immedia elv ensued. During Joud cries of
"orJer, order," Mr.S. was heard to say, "I rise to
a point of trdei."
Mr. WISE replied, you are in the nrd*t of dis-
order.
Mr SMITH.   I know it, sir.
The question was then taken on the motion lo
adjourn, a 'd it was decided m the negative—yeaa
108, nays 117.
Mr. SMITH ot Maine. The question is now on
my reso ution to preceed to the election of a
Speaker, and I beg the Chair to understand that I
did net accept ot any modification, unless gentle-
men would agree to proceed to an election to-mor-
row. Gentlemen before me refused todo so; there-
fore my resolution stands as originally offeted.
Mr. BYNUM then moved the pre vie as question
on the resolution.
Mr. PROFFlT moved to lay the resolution on
the table until to morrow at two o'clock. [Many
voices, "not m order."]
Mr. WISE I hope the gentleman from In-
ri ana.will withdraw that motion, anl let the gen-
tl man do the deed.
The previous quest on was then seconded, and
the main question ordered.
