50
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. GRAVES moved a call of the House, so
that there might be a full vole un this resolution.
Mr. ATHERTON called the attention of ih«
Cava to the rule which declared that a call of the
House was not in order, after the main question
had bees ordered.
The CHAIR voted that the motion for a call of,
the House was out of order.
Mr. STANLY moved th-t the House now ad-
journ.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana called for the yeas
and nays.   v •
Mr. STANLY then withdrew the motion for
•n adjournment.
The question was then ta1 en on Mr. Smith's
Resolution, and decided in the affirmative—yeas
118, nays 110.
Mr. PROP*lTT moved lhat the House do now
adjourn.
The yeas and nays were called for, which were
ordereJ, and were—yeas 98, nays 121. So the
House refused to adjourn.
Mr. PROPFIT rose, and moved to reconsider
the vote on the resolution to proceed to the elec-
t-on of a Speaker, and s'ated lhat he did so w th a
view of submit ing aseries of reo'uions, whieh
he read. He then addressed the House for about
fifteen minutes in support of his prjposi"on.
Mr. JENIFER next obtained the floor, and
fipok  about ten minutes, contending that the
House had acted inconsistently m the coarse it had
pursued; when he gave way to
Mr. GRAVES, who stated that, as the hour was
fete, and the gentleman had lengthy notes, he
moved that the House adjourn, and oalled the
yeas and nays on the motion, which were ordered,
and were—yeas 08, nays 119.
8o the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH of Maine then moved the previous
question.
Mr. JENIFER rose and stated that he had not
yielded the floor.
The CHAIR stated that the p.evióus question
iras moved.
Mr. JENIFER would appeal to any honorable
gentleman to say whether he was not entitled to
the floor. He would appeal to the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Dromgoole,] to say whether he
■was not entitled to the floor.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said that question had leen
nade to the Chair, and it would be indelicate for
him to inter'ere in it.
Mr. GRAVES appealed from the dec'sion or the
Chair, and slated that he intended to speak on the
subject.
Mr. TURNEY called for ihe reading of the
45th ru'e, which declares that no deta'e shall talte
place on incidental questions after the previous
question had been moved.
Mr. DUNCAN said he thought the gent'eman
ftt-ra Maryland was entitled to the floor by the
«Meet of the House.
The CHAIR said that it was true that such had
been the usage of the House; but as thee was no
ru'« on the subject, and as he had heard the gentle-
man from Maine first, he considered it his duty to
«B'ertain the motion.
Mr. SMITH said he had understood that the
gentleman intended merely to spe'.k against time,
a d, the efore, he had mnved the mot on for the
previi us question; but, if the gentleman was de-
sifous ofg >ing on, he would withdraw the motion.
..Mr. JENIFER occupied the t me of the House
fer about an hour, in  denunciation of the Admi-
nistration party in the House, for the course it had
pursued in reference to the  resolution of Mr.
Rhett, which he eontended should have   been
earned out by investigating the claims of Messrs.
DiCTfERSoN and his four colleagues claiming seals,
previous to the election of Speaker.    He accused
the party with acting in bad faith thoughout the
■whole p oeeedinp.   He censured the course which
the Clerk had po t sued in refusing in the first in-
stance to call the members from Jersey, and for
refusing to put motions to a vote of the House,
when he was the only presiding officer; and (hat he
bad acted in accordance with the promptings of
me Globe.    He disapprobated the course of the
Administration party, ty endeavoring to organize
the House by the election of Speaker at this time;
and after some general remarks, without yielding
the floor, Mr. J. made a motion to adjourn; upon
which motion,
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 101, nays
117.
So the House again refused to adjourn.
Mr. JENIFER continued his remarks for some
time. He again reiterated that New Jersey sh uld
be represented in the election of Speaker; that it
was the duty of those whom the Administration
party claimed as being entitled to seats, to come
forward and have their pretensions canvassed. He
believed the whole to be a miserable humbug; and
that Ihe course adopted by the House, was a viola-
tion of Slate sovereignly, and in conflict with the
doctrines of State Rights, professed by many of Ihe
Bew members—referring at the same time to the
members fro  the Stale of Georgia.
Mr. SALTON3TALL addre>sed the House at
considerable length, deprecating the practice of in-
traducing party names in the course of debate here,
and contending that the members from New Jersey
who held the Governor's certificates were entitled
to seats on the floor of the House, and asserting
' that if he was placed in the same situation of those
gentlemen, he would demand his right to a seat;
and when a Speaker was elected, he would claim to
be qualified as a member of the House. He arg. ed
that those gentlemen were entitled to seats, accord-
ing to all law and usage, and deprecated the prac-
tice of departing from well settled principles of the
Mr. STEINROD then obtained the floor, end
said that as three gentlemen who were opposed to
the previous question had addres ed the Housa, he
would now, as a friend to that question, demand
the previous question.
Mr. R. GARLAND moved a call of the House,
and upon that motion caled for the yeas and nay--,
which were ordered, and were—yeas 106, nays
114.   So the House refused to order the call.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question, which was on ihe motion to recon-
sider Ihe resolution to proceed to the election of a
Speaker, was then put.
The yeas and nays were demanded on this ques-
tion, and it was decided in the negative—yeas 108,
nays 120.
Mr. PICKENS inquired what would be the first
business in order, in case the House now ad-
journed?
The CHAIR stated that the first business in or-
der would be the election of a Speaker.
Mr. PICKENS then moved an adjournment.
Mr. DROMGOOLE ftatd that that woud not
be the firsi motion in order, and asked the gentle-
man to withdraw it.
Mr. PICKENS then withdrew the motion.
Mr. GRAVES renewed it, and the yeas and
nays were called; which were ordered, and were—
yeas 113, nays 116.
So the Houce refused lo adjourn.
Mr. WISE rose to submit a question of order.
He wished to know if it was in order to move a
resolution resolving that Messrs. Atcriog, Strat-
ton, Maxwell, Halsted, and Yorke, te al-
lowed to vote in the election of Speaker.
The CHAIR decided that it was in order.
Mr. WISE then read his resolution.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I appeal from that deci-
sion of the Chair.
Mr WISE said he did not yield the floor, and
gentlemen could not appeal until he yielded the
floor.   He would prefer tint the House would ad-
journ until to-morrow, but if gentlemen would not
agree to adjourn, he would proceed with his re-
marks to-night.   Mr. W. was proceeding-
Mr. VANDERPOEL rose to a po nt of order.
Mr. WISE said he would not yield the floor;
gentlemen might make their point o' order after
he h d concluded his remarks.   Mr. W. was again
proceeding-
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS rose to a point of
order, and pointed the Cha r to the rule which re-
quires a member to take his seat when he was
called to order.   He wished to know ¡f it was in
order for a gentleman to discuss the merits of his
resolution upon an appeal.
Mr. WI?E. No appeal has been taken, be-
cause I did not yield the floor.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS then made a point of
order, whether a gentleman could submit s. propo-
sition'to reverse the decision of the House, and
<r0 on and discuss that proposition directly contrary
to the opinion of the majority of the House.
The CHAIR again stated that he considered the
motion in order.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS. Then I appeal from
that decision.
Mr. WISE. I do not yield the floor to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS. Has not the Chair
made a decision?   If so, I have appealed from it.
The CHAIR said he had no decision to make.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS. Can there be a
plainer proposition than the one I have submitted
to the Chair? A member has a right to appeal
from any decision.
Mr. WISE said he would not yield the floor. He
then proceeded with his remarks for some time;
when he gave way to
Mr. TRIPLETT, who moved that the Ilou-e
adjourn.
Upon this motion the yeas and nays were called,
and the question was decided in the negative—yeau
111, nays 117.
The CHAIR was then understood to say that the
reason why he decided that the motion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia [Mr. Wise] was in order,
was because of a solemn vote by this House that it
would not proceed to the election of a Speaker un-
til it was decided who were entitled to seats as
Representatives from New Jersey; and he did not
consider that the decision of the House of to-daj-,
which deprived the gentlemen from New Jersey of
their seats was binding, because it would be tanta-
mount to an expulsion, which would require a vole
of two-thirds to decide
Mr. WISE then «aid that he believed, from con-
versations with his colleague's, that he was some-
what out of order in not yielding the floor for an
appeal, and he would now yield it to his colleague
to lake an appeal, with the understanding that he
would have the privilege of addressing the House
after that question was decided.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then appealed from the de-
cision of the Chair, and moved the previous ques-
tion on the appeal.
Mr. WISE then said that, in order to relieve the
Chair and the House from difficulty, he would
withdraw his resolution, if gentlemen would agree
to adjourn until to-morrow. [Many voices,
"agreed!"]
Mr. WISE then withdrew his resolution, when
Mr. SMITH of Maine moved an adjournment.
Upon this question the yeas and nays were or-
dered, and were—yeas 117, nays 109.
The House then adjourned at 12 o'clock.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, December 14, 1839.
A message was received from the President of
the United States.
Mr. WHITE ¡*aid that it occurred to him there
was some business that might be done by the Se-
nate. He thought" it a tiresome proceeding in
daily coming to the Capitol, and returninz home
again. He would therefore suggest that the pre-
siding ofherr of the Senate should be empowered
to appoint the standing committees, with the ex-
ception of the Committee on Commerce.
The PRESIDLNr. The proposition is, with
the assent of the Senate, to suspend the 34h rule,
and that the presidí, g officer shall proceed to the
appointment of the standing committees of the
S«nate, with the exception of the Committee on.
Commerce.
Mr. NORVELL con ide ed that h  appointment
of the Committee on Commerce was as necessary
as the appointment cf any other committee. We
have nominations daily coming in, if he nrght be
allowed to allude to them, which should be referred
to that committee; and he therefore hoped that it
would not be omitted.
Mr. ALLEN did not see any imaginable reason
