CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
why all the comm'rees should not be appointed;
but on 'he contrary, there were many reasons why
they should be Seaators wished 10 asceria n on
what committees they were to be placed, so that
thev might qualify themselves to examine the pecu-
liar subjects submitted to then , and employ what
leis ire they had in acqui'ing such information as
would e-iable them to discharge their dnt.es with
p romptness and fi lelity.
Mr. WHITE then submitted his res lutton,
which prov.ded that the pres dmg officer of the
Senate >houM app aut the standing committees,
with the exception of the Charman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, who should, previously to
the appo ntme'it of such committees, be ballotted
for hy the Senate.
Mr. WRIGHT said, that ihe cour e proposed,
was precisely similar o that adopted at the last
se-sion, a> m ght be ascertained by a reference to
the journal. It was then provded that the pres d-
ing office should appoint the standing committees,
with the exception—for reasons then, as now,
well unde-stotd—of the Chaitman of the Com-
mittee on Commerce. He saw no objection to
the adoption of the resolution at the pre-ent time.
The íesolutton was unanmously agreed to.
The Senate then proceeded to elect, by ballot, a
Chairman ot the Committee on Ct mmerce; and
the ball t* being counted, the result was announced
to be,
Whole number of votes -           -           -       28
For William R. King   -           -           -   26
John Davis -           -           -                  2
Mr. KING was therefore e'ecte ,
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, December 14, 1839.
The journal hav ng been read,
Mr. WISE inquired of the Cha-a whether the
vote on the motion to- reconsider Mr. Rhett's re-
solute n was recorded on the j urnal.
The CHAIR replied that it was not.
Mr. WISE said he was satisfied.
The CHAIR then stated that the subiect before
the Hoii-e, according to the vo'eof the House yes-
terday, w.s on proceeding to the election of a
S) eaker.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved a call of the House,
which was ordered; and the roll having been cslled
over, it appeared that members had answered
to their n mes.
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved that the absentees
be sent for; wh'ch motion was agreed to.
All the members t^en an wered to t'.eir name*,
except Messr*. Hawes and Kempshall.
Mr. PETR1K1N ihen mned that the further
pr ceedings under tbe call be dispensed with.
Mr. WILLIAMS of N. rth Carolina called f<\
the yeas and nays, which were ordered, and were—
ye-s 141, nays 87.
So all fur. her proceedings under the call wera
dispensed with.
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky then moved the fol-
lowing resolution:
lltsolred, That J. B. Aycrigg, Wm Halsted,
Jno P. B Maxwell, Charles C. Stratton, and
Thomas Jones Yorkf, are entitled to vote in the
orgin zition ot the House U'it 1 excluded by a ma-
jority or uncontested votes.
Mr. VANDERPOEL objected to the reception
of this i epilation. The House had decided, but
yesterday, that those persons we e not entitled to
hold teats, and it could not possibly be in order.
Mr WHITE denied that the House had ever
decided that the members from New Jersey were
not c 11 ed to their seats. A majority of the un-
eontestel members had never decided that question;
tbere'oie th >se gentlemen were ent fed to their
seats as the Representatives of ihe State of New
Jersey.
Mr. VANDERPOEL roe to a question of order.
Was the q'iest on o( reception debatable?
Ti.e CHAIR.   That question is debatable.
Mr. VANDtRPOEL Thea I appeal from that
decision, an J move the prevk us question upon the
appeal.
Mr. WHITE sad he hoped the gentleman
would not attempt tg force such a rule as this upon
the House. The p'ev.ous que tion, he had no
dcubf, would ccme soon enough, but gentlemen
CvUld not move it yet.
Mr. VANDERI OEL. I ca'l thegentleman to or-
der, atd demand that the Chair shall enforce the
rule'.
Mr. WHITE still proceeding, denied that ihe
que-tion as to the r ght of the New Jersey mem-
bers to take the r seat*, had been decided by a ma-
jor ty of the uncontested members. The majority
of the Hon-e had never settled that question, and
he heíd that, by the re*oluton of the gentleman
Irom South Carolina, wh ch had been adopted as
the standing order of the Hou e, the House was
bound, be ore it proceeded to the e ection of a
Spe .ker, t > dec:de as to who weie eftitled to seats
from the Sute of New Jersey.
Mr. VANDERFOEL again called the gen'le-
man to oider, and inssted that the rules of the
House should be enforced
The CHAIR said the question before the House
was on the question of reception.
Mr. VANDERPOEL. That is not the question.
The Cha'r had dec ded that the question of recep-
tion was debaable, and from that decision he (Mr.
V.) had appealed, and had moved the p evious
question on the appeal.
The CHAI 8. Ihen the question is on'the ap-
peal, and on thdt question the previoas question is
moved
Mr. WISE would merely ask if the quest:on of
reception had not always been decided to be de-
batable.
Mr. LEWIS then read the 5th rule in relation 10
the reception of motions
The CHAIR said the gentleman had read no
rule which prevented debate.
After a few words on the point by Messrs. POPE
and WISE,
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to lay the question of
recept on on the table.
On this que-tion the yess and nays were de-
manded, and were—}e<s 119, nais 115.
So the que tion was laid (n the t.ble.
Mr. PICKKNS inquired what was the order of
business before the House, and whether the resolu-
tion adopted last evening, to proceed forthwith to the
election ot a Speaker, should not come up first. If
so, he hoped that the House would proceed at once
to the execution of that resolution.
Mr. PROFF1T here rose, and said he had a
resolution to submit; but
Tne CHAIR said that it would not be in order.
Mr. PROFF1T said he rose to a point of order.
The resolution adopted last evening was, that the
House should go into the election of a Speaker.
The resolution that he proposed to offer, was to re-
gulate the manner of going into that election. Mr.
P. here read a resolution to give the Whig candi-
dates a right to vote in the election of Speaker.
Mr. VANDERPOEL objected to the reception of
the resolution, as beingout of ordrr; and
The CHAIR decided that it was not in order for
Mr. P. to submit his resolution.
Mr. BARNARD rose, and said (hat he had
drawn t p a resolution which he proposed to sub-
mit at this time, and which he believed to be per-
fectly in order. The purport of it was to suspend
the execution of the order for going at this time
into the election of a Speaker. It was true that the
House had resolved to go into iuch election this
morning, but that resolve was not binding on the
House, which had the power to suspend it at any
time, in accordance with ihe settled rules of parlia-
mentary practice. Mr. B. here read his resolution
as follows:
Rtsolved, That the execution of the order of this
House, adopted yesterday, tint the House do pro-
ceed to the election of S_ eaker, be suspended, to
give oppor unity to any member who may be so
d sposed, to move the House th^t the members
proceed, in the first pi ce, to hear and adjudge,
pursuant to a resolu'ion of 'his House, heretofore
adopted, upon the elec ions, returns, and qual fica-
uons of ptrs ns who appear to be contesting rears
on this floor from New Jersey, or 'o move that the
names of Jno. B. Aycriow, Jno. P. B. Maxwkll,
William Halsted, Charles C. Stratton, and
Tros. Jones Yorkb, the regular return members
from the State of New Jersey, be not called, oi
their vo es ci unted, in the t lection of Speaker, or
to n.ove that Philemon Dickerson, Pet r D.
Vroom, Daniel B. Ryall, William R. Cooper,
and Joskph Kille, be called, and their votes
count* d in the elect on of Speaker.
Mr. B said that he ix.w proposed to discuss the
subjict cf that re olutu n.
Mr. CRAIG objected to the reception of the re-
solution, which he cons'dTed to be outoftrder,
while there was a resolution before the House that
had precedence of it.
Mr. BEA1TY rose to a point of erder, and re-
ferred to t're rules of the Hou-e, from which he
proceeded to show that V e r. solution ci uld not with
propriety be received.
Mr. BARNARD observed that if the point of
order was persiste I in, he asked that the member
who raised it should be required to reduce it to
wr.ting.
Mr. BEATTY was proceeding to discuss the
point of order, when he was required by tha
CHAIR to put it in writing, which he did as fol-
lows:
The point of order suggeste 1 is, that under the
52d rule of the House, no mot on or any other
business shall be received, with ,ut specal leive of
the House, until the unfini hed business in which
the Houce was engaged at the la-t preceding ad-
journment, shall have been d sposed of.
Mr. PETRIKIN cb e-ved th t the rules also
provided that, when a member is caled ti order,
he shall take his seat. He as! ed, therefore, that
the member from New York be required to take
h's seat.
Mr. LEAD3Í.TTER took the ground that no
busire s could be originated to take precedence of
this re-olution, t.i go into the e ectitn of Speaker,
which the Chair pronounced to be the first th ng in
order this  morning; and ins sted that ihe ru'es of
the House be preserved in that particular.
The CHAIR said that he referred the decis on
of thi'q'ie tirn of irder 'o the House itself.
M-. tiEATTY demande! either the decWon of
the Chair, or that he would put the question, to
enaVe the H< u e to decide it.
Mr. B VRNARD claimed 'he floor, ar.d was de-
termined n t to yield it until it should be dec ded
again t him e ther by the Chair or the House. If
the member on the < ppo^tte side had a point i f
order, let him reduce t to wr.ting.
Mr. BEATTY. I have made my point of rr-
der, and reduced it to writing, and demand the
decís on of ihe Chair i r the House upon it.
Mr. BARNARD. It is th? po.nt of order I am
proceeding to debate—
[He e seve al members were heard crying out
tha' a point of orJer was not i ebaUble.]
Mr (DUNCAN. Do I walerttand the Chairman
that he refuses io dec de the quest on of o de 1
The CHAIR reil.ed that he had te eried the de-
cision of it to the House itself.
Mr. BYNUM. Tuea why not Jet the House de-
cide t?
Mr. DUNCAN sad that it -eemed to him very
extrao'dinary that the Cha'R w( uld ne ther decide
the que tion h;mself, nor, by putt ng it to the House,
enable the Hou-e to decide it.
Mr. BARNARD contended that he had a right
to the floor, and, unless decided by the Chair or the
Hou*e to be out of order, had a rght to go on with
his temarks.___
Mr. BEATTY, [add'essing Mr. Barnard ] You
have not the floor, sir, unless yi n usurp it. Thee
is a resolution which has precedence of all ether bu-
siness, and ytu have no light to push it as de by
onguatingnew lu&iLess.
Mr. BARNARD. I intend to debate the point of
order as soon as I can have the ear of the Hou e.
Mr. BEATTY. You are net in order, ard I de-
mand that you take your seat till the point is
dec ded.
Mr. RIVES. If the Chair w.ll «ot decide the
point oí oider, will he d« the Htuse the favor to put
ihe que tion ar d let the Hou-e decide it.
The CLERK here, at the instance of a member,
read the twenty-fifth rae, requiring a member to
take his seat, «hen cal'ed to order, until the ques-
tion of order is decided; and also providing that
