5£
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jr.   iTJir
3E3C
all questions of order and appeals shall be decided
without debate.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS made a few ob-
observations, which were not heard.
The CHAIR here decided that Mr. Barnard had
& right to proceed with his remarks: but the grounds
on which the Chair made the decision were not
heard by the reporter.
Mr. STANLY observed that the resolution
adopted last evening that the House would proceed
to the e'ection of a Speaker, was dead} that it ap-
plied to la t evening only, and was not row before
the House. In ctnfiimation of this opinion, Mr.
8. said that the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Dromgoole] was overheard last evening urging his
friends to proceed with the election, and giving it
as his opinion that, if they adjourned without car-
rying the resolution into effect, the resolution would
die ' with the proceedings of the day, and they
would have to proceed dt now in the mcrnieg.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he would not make
any remark with regard to the propriety of repeat-
ing what a gent'eman might say to his fr ends. He
wou'd admit that he did express the fear to his
friends that the resolution would be considered as
expiring w.th that evening's proceedings; but he
expressed no decided opinion on it. He was,
however, overruled by his friends, who, on all
sides, declared that the res dution would be impe-
rative this morning. He would ask if it was not
the understanding with all the gent'eman's friends
Jast evening, that the resolution would be in fi rce
this mornii'g. At least, he understoed that the
gentleman from North Carolina, and all his friends,
entertained that f pinion. He wou'd ask if it was
not the understanding on ad sides <f the House
that the resolution would be the first thing in or-
der this mornir g?
After some remarks from Mr. STANLY,
Mr. WISE denied that there was such a general
understanding; for he entertained the opinion that
the resolution of last night, that they would then go
into the election of Speaker, was dead as soon as
the House adjnur. ed. Ore remark he would
make befere he sat down. F  r the last six years
he had been witnessing the triumphs of the great
Repub'ican party, and, thantr God, they had now
brought down that party to so lean a major ty, that
they now have to jcckey in order to win the race
Mr. JAMESON referred to the dec'sion made
by the Chair, that the resolution for going kto the
election of Speaker, passed last evening, was the
first business in order this morning. And quoting
the one hundred and twenty-sixth rule of the House
he argued the point of order, copending that the
House cou'd enterta;n no other propos tkn until
that was d sposed of.
Mr. TURNEY moved that the resolution of the
gent'eman from New York, [Mr. BarnardJ and
the question of order arising on it, be laid on the
tafe'e.
Mr. BARNARD here raised a po.'nt of order,
with regard to Mr. TtmiiEv's motion, which he
reduced to writing, as follows:
A po;nt of order having been made, that a reso-
hiti n offered by Mr. Barnard was not in order,
at this time pending the discussion on that point of
oider,Mr.TuRNEr rises and moves to lay the subject
of the point of order on the táb'e; and also, at the
same time, to lay the resolution of Mr. Barnard
on the table. On this mction of Mr. Türset, Mr.
Barnard makes this point of order: "Thatit is
not now in order to rn.ive to lay the reso'ution of
Mr. Barnard on the tib'e.
The CHAIR decided that the motion of Mr.
Turkey was in order; when,
Mr. TURNEY called for the previous question
on the appeal; and
Mr. FILLMGRE called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to Jay the appeal, and
every matter relating to it, on the table.
Mr. MERCER observed that the laying the ap-
peal on th« table would have the effect of affirming
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. LEWIS observed that there was great con-
fusion prevailing in the Hall, so that it was diffi-
cult to understand the true question before the
House. He thought the House would be relieved
from its present difficulty by the point of order
which he now wished to make. He would ask of
the Chair, if it was not announced by him this
morning, that the resolution on the election of
Speaker, passed last evening, was the first business
in order? He asked the Chair to determine that
point of order 
The Chair made no reply.
Mr. LEWIS repeated his inquiry of the Chair.
[Great confusion prevailing, and frequent ca Is
for the question, mingled wtth cr,es of "Order,"
"order."]
Mr. GRANGER said a few words, which, in
the noise that pevailed, were not heard.
The question on seconding the call for the pre-
vious question was 'hen taken, Messrs. Banks
and Carter being tellers, and carried—ayes 116,
noes not counted.
The rote was then taken on ordering the main
question to be put, and car ied without a d.vision.
Mr. CRAIG called for the yeas and nays on the
main question, and they we e accordingly ordered.
Mr. ALFOKD asked the gent'eman Irom New
York [Mr. Barnard] io withdraw hs resolution,
and let the Hou>e go into the election of Speaker.
The Administration party h^d disfrjnchi ed New
Jersey, and the Opposition had not the power to
prevent it. The i^sue was with the people. He
was tred of fighting on the outpost, and was ready
to meet the question.
Mr. CRABB agree 1 with his friend from Geor-
gia, [Mr. Alfoud,] that it would be better to go
into the election of Speaker at once; and he would
give notice to his political friends that he would
nor go with them in delaying that decision, by
making appeals and points of order. He thought
it was now high time to go into the election.
Mr. BARNARD said he acceded to the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Georg a, [Mr. A l-
roHD.] But he wished it to be expressly and d s-
tinctly understoc d that he did it because he saw
that the majority of the House was determined on
the course it would pursue with regard to h s pro-
positan, and the remarks be intended to offer in
support of it. Upon that belief he y elded to the
proposition of the gentleman from Georgia; and he
did so because, in his conseienc, he des red <o save
the House from #ie evils that would ensue, if ¡t
now solemnly decided against the pont of order he
had raised.
Mr. CRAIG moved a call of the House, which
was ordered; and the roll having been called over,
and the absentees having been sent for; after some
time,
The House then proceeded to the election of a
Speaker.
The first vote raving been taken, and before the
result was announced,
Mr. Yorke, one of the gentlemen commissior-
ed by the Governor of New Jersep, rose and asked
if the roll had bfen called through. No answer
being returned to him, he said he perceived that in
calling the roll his name was omitted. He held
he
only at the present moment, but as a precedent for
the future action of the House, he wm d appeal
from the decisi n of the Chair. According to the
decision of the Chair, a member who had a reso-
lution to offer could be compelled to sit down rn
a point of order before he had time to explain it;
and then his resoution was taken from him, while'
his mouth was shut by a motion to lay the whole
subject on the table. This decision (said Mr. F.)
may affect all of us hereafter; and, I therefore, ap-
peal from the decision of the Chair.
Burke"S H. But'er,'W. 0. Eater, Bynum, Can-,
Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Cojes, Connor,
Craig,C'ary,Gross,Doane,üaveeJJuh,. Davis.J.tt.
Davis, De  la Montanya, Doan, Do;g, Drrmgoo e,
Duncan, Earle, Eis man, Ey Fine Fletcher,
Flojd, Fernance, Galbranh, Geny, Hammoul,
Hand, J.
well, Boyd, Brewster, A. V. Brown, A. G. Brown,
~.H.Bu*'--  n
iasey, (
try,Oroi
; iia M1
Duncan, Earle,
Flojd,  Fernance,   .,-._._.--, _     .,                  .
Hand, J. Has ings, Hawkms, J.h.  Hill "i Noith
Carolina, Hillen, Holleman, fir ok. How aid,
Hubbard T. B- Jackson, Jameson, J. Jonnson, C.
Johnson,'N. Jones, Keim, Kcinble, Leadbetter,
Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McC'eüan,
McCullrh, McKay, Ma 1, rv, Maivhand. Medili,
Miller, Montgomery, S. W. M.rns, IScwhard,
Parish, Parmenter, Fains, Paynter, Petnkin, I íck-
ens Prentiss, Ramser, Reyno'ds, Rhett, Rives,
Robinson, E. Rogers, Samuels, thaw, Shpfird, A.
Smith, J. Smith, T. ¡Tmiih, Staikweather, Stein-
rod Strong, Sweanngen, Sweeny, J. Ta/ki.F.
Thomas, P. F Thomas, Jac 'b Thompson, 'iurwy,
Vanderpoel, D D. Wagener, Wau rson.'We cr,
Vanderpoet, u u.   vva^cuei,  ..ar ■*.,. .-   <.M
Wick, J. W. Williams, H. Williams, and Vuiih-
ington—113.
For John Bell.—Messrs. Adams, J. W. Allen,
S. H. Anderson, Andrews, Barnard, Bidrile. Bond,
Bots, Bngas, Bnckway, Arisen Brown, W. B.
Calh.un, W. B. Campbell, W. B. Carter, Chian,
w, „,rri.noI,            ,    .,  .             ,          ,   a commission, he said, from the Governor of New
Mr. 1-tLLMOKL rose and said, that, considering      Jersey asa Representative from that State  and
™V_ ^t*™ t0 ?! °üe_°/uví*al imp rtance' mt '   ,he'efore demanded that Irs v te be received.' He
Vitfi¿ fOI ]0HKBELt    After whi<h,
Messrs. Stjutton, Atcr.gg, Maxwell and
Halsted successively demanded that their votes be
read as Representatives from the State of New Jer-
sey, and «aid that tbey voted for John Bell.
The tei.'ers then reported to the Chair tie result
of the vo:e to be—235 votes given, and 118 neces-
sary to a choice—of these
FIRST BALLOT.
Fob John W. Jones.—Mfss-s. J. Allen. H.J.
jj Anderson, Atherton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black- j
Anderson, Andrews, Barnard, Bidrile. Bond,
~     "      y,  AriSim  E
¡II, W. B. C
Ch'itenden,   Clark,   J. Cooper, Corwm,  (rabb,
Cranston, Crockett,  Curtis, Cushing, E Davirs,
G. Davis, Eaw son, Deterry, Dennis, Dillttt, Ed-
wards,   Evans,   Everett,  Fil mere,   R- Garland,
I Gates, Genirv,  Giddmgs,  Gaging, Goode, Grn-
|j ham. Grander. Green, Gravis, Ununell, Hall, W.
j! S. Hast'cgs, Hawrs. Hínry.Joiih Bill < f Virginia,
'' Hcffman, Hu.t, J* mes, Jenifer, C Jrhn^on, W.
C.Johnson, Liwmce,  Lincoln, Margin, Mtson,
Me-cer, Mitchell, Monroe, Moigan,  0.  Morris,
Naylor, Og'e, Osborne, P.Ven, Peck, Pore, Pivffi',
Randall, Rando'ph, liariden, Rayncr, Reed, R.dg-
way, Russe'.l, Sa' toiistall, Serscar.t, S montón, S'ade,
Truman Smith, Stanly, Stoiis, Stuart, Taliafeim,
Tillingh?st, Toland, TripJeif. Trumbull, Under-
wood, P. J. Wagner, E. D. White, John White,
T. W. Williams, L. Williams. J. L. Wüliams, C.
H. Williams, S. Williams, and Wise—102.
For W. C. Dawson.—Messrs. A1 Cord, Bell, Col-
qu tt, M. A. Cooper, Habersham, Hopkins, T. B.
Kin?, Ni^bet, W. Thoaipson, jr. Warren, and
Black—11
For D. H. Lewis.—Messrs John Campbell,
Griffin, and J. W. Jones—3.
For F. W. Pickens—Messrs. C. F^her,
Holmes, Hunt r, J. Rogers, and Sumpter—5
For G. W, HorKiNs.—Mr. J, Garland—1.
Mr. WISE inquired if the iepoit of the tel'ers in-
cluded the voles of the five gentlemen who he'd
commissions from the Governor of New Jerse}'i
He undergo d that they we e not, and he there-
fee re juired of the Chair to put the Question whe-
ther (he vet s of these gentlemen .'hall be counted.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I rise to a<k of the tellers
whether they ha\re counted all the vote>? and, if
they have, I demand that the vote he announce 1 by
the Chair.
Mr. MERCER rrse to move for a reconsidera-
tion of ihe resolut on of yesterday for going into the
elect on of Speaker.
The CHA IR sa'd the motion was not in order.
Mr. WISE. I make no motion, but I wish to
«tate'ihe fact that there are five gentlemen from
New Jer.cey he:e who cla'tn io vete, and therefore
a-k the Chair to state ihat fact to the House, and
take its deci-ion upon it.
The CHAIR ihen a-nounced the result of the
vote to the Ho¡.-se, stating the numbf r of voie* g ven
to each person voted for. The Chair then in-
formed the House that fi>e gent'emen from the Sta'e
of New Jersey, who heli the commissions of the
Governor of that Slate, c'emandel to have their
votes taken before the result was announced.
After Fome lemarks from Mr. WISE,
The CHAIR said that there appearing not to be
a majority of votes g.ven to any one person the
House would proceed to vote again.
The Clerk commenced calling the roll for a
second vote; when
Mr. MERCER rose and interrupted him, and
demanded of the Chair to receive b! i motion.
