CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
57
administering the oath to the members. With re-
gard to the law of 1789, he would ask where was
its obligation when we were two weeks acting as
members of the House of Representatives, and
adopting rules for our government without having
the oath first admin ¡stereo? He thought it was due
to the House, and due to the Speaker, that rules
of order should be adopted at the earliest possible
period, in order that the business of the House
might be conducted according to rules of order,
usual in all deliberative bodies.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON would yie'd to the re-
quest ef the gent;enian from Virginia, if he could
ccnsc:entiouslv; but he held that the law in this
case was imperative.
The SPEAKER suggested that the betterway of
deciding u¡on this question would be on the mo-
tion 10 Uy on the t.ib'e.
Mr. W.C. JOHNSON then withdrew his ques-
tion of order.
Mr. VANDERPOEL moved a call of the
House.    Lost.
Mr. GRAVES then called for the veas and
nays on the motion to lay on the table, which were
ordered, and were—yeas 116, nays 116, as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Juhn W. Allen, Simeon H.
Anderson, Andrews, Ba nard, Bell, Kiddie, Black, Bond, Butts,
Briggs, Brockway, Anson tirown, Calhoun, John Campbell,
William B. Campbell, Carter, Chapman, Chirm, Chittenden,
Clark, Colquilt, Junes Coopert Mark A. Cooper, Corwin,
Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Cartjs, Cushing, Edward Davie3,
Garret Davis, Dawson, Deoerry, Dennis, DilleU, Edwards,
Evans, Everett, Fillmore, James Garland, Rice Garland,
Gates, Gentry, Giddings, Goggin, G.iode, Graham, Granger,
Gravea, Green, Grinnell, Ilaberaham, Hall, William P. Hast-
ing , Hawes, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, Hopkins,
Hunt, James, Jenifer, Charlea Johnston, William Cost John-
son, King, Lawrence, Lincoln, Marvin, Mason, Mercer, Much-
el', Monroe, Morean, Calvary Morris, Ndylor, Nisbet, Ogle,
Osborne, Palen, Peck, Pope, Profile, Randall, Randolph, Rari-
den, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant,
Bunonton, Slade, Truman Smilh, Stanly, Siorrs, Stuart, Talia-
ferro, Waddy Thompson, Tillingbast, To'and, Triplett, Trum-
bull, Underwood, Peter J. Wagner, Wairen, Edward D.
White, John White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams,
Joseph L. Williams, Christopher II. Williams, Sherrod Wil-
liams, and Wise—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh 1. Andersen, Atberton,
Banks, Bealty, Beirne, Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V.
Brown, Albert G. Brawn, Burke,Sampson H. Butler, William
O. Butler, Bynum, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Clifford, Coles, Con-
ner, Craig, Crary, Cross, Dana, Davee, John Davis, Joint \V.
Davis, De la Montarjya, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan.
Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fins, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance,
GslbrmitQ, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings,
Hawkins, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Hollcman, Holmes,
Hook, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones. Keim, Kem ble,
1/eadbeUer, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan,
McCulloh, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Mont
fornery, Samuel W. Morns, Newliird, Parish, Parmenter,
'arris, Paynter, Petrikin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsay, Rey-
nolds, Rheit, Rives, Robinson, Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, She-
Íiard, Albert Smith, John Smith,Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
itemrod, Strong, Sumter, Sweeny, Taylor, Franrii Thomas,
Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turner, Vanderpoel,
David D. Wagener, Watlerston, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Wil-
liams, Henry Williams, and Worthingion—116.
The SPEAKER voting in the affirmative, the
resolution was la:d on the table.   ^
Mr. CRAIG then submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That every member of the House of
Representatives of the United States ought, npon
taking his seat therein, to produce at the Clerk's
table, or to deposite in the Clerk's office, the cre-
dentials by virtue of which he claims his seat;
and in all cases of contested elections, no member
ought to be permitted to vote until the House,
upen a report from the standing Committee of Elec-
tions, or by a vote of the majority of the members
present, having a quorum of the House, shall have
decided which of the claimants is entitled to the
contested seat.
Mr. WISE said, that there was the same objec-
tion to this resoluta n as to the other, and moved
that it be laid on the table; which motion was
agreed to.
The oath was then administered to the members
from the seveal States, except New Jersey, Mr.
Randolph not presenting himself when New Jer-
sey was called.
After the members from a'l the States except
New Jersey were sworn,
Mr. RANPOLPH, together w:th the five mem-
bers claiming seats under the GQvertxr's certifi-
cate, presented themselves at the C erk's table, and
demanded to be sworn, but the Speaker refused to
swear any of them except Mr, Randolph.
The SPEAKER then stated that J. B. Atcrigg,
C. C. Stratton, J. P. B. Maxwell, TrV. Halsted,
and T. J. Yorkk, had appeared while he was ad-
ministering the oath of office to the members, and
demanded tJ be. swim. Had this question oc
curred this mornlpg de novo, an€ no preceding of
the House havingibeen had upon it, he should not
have hesitated in a ¡ministering the oath to these
gentlemen; but in^much as proceedings had teen
had heretofore in the Hvúse¿ and a decision made,
or rather a ne*ati*e rropo/ition adopted, he felt it
to be his duty to tefuse^o adniinis er the oath
to them, and to refer th/ matter to the House, to
say whether ihey shoWd/>e-sworn.
Mr. WISE would\pjuire whether any member
had objected to the sweaiing of these gentlemen.
Mr. DciOMGOOLE said he understood the
Chair to state the difficulty, and then submit the
metter to the House to decide whether the oath
should be administered to these gentleman.
Mr. WISE again asked whether any member
qbjected to the swearing of these gentlemen, and
if no objection was rfiade, he presumed there would
be no question but for the Speaker to swear them
at once.
The SPEAKER then slated to the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Wise] that he did not feel
himself authorized to dothis, from thefact that a re-
solution submitted by the gentleman himself had
been negatived, and the vote upon it stood recorded
on the journals of the House. By that resolution
the House decided that ihese gentlemen were not
entitled to take seats, and in consrquence of that re-
solution, he thought it became him to submit this
grave quesiion to the decisiou of the House.
Mr. WISE expre^ed his approbat on of the
course of the Chair; but he submitt. d whether a
resolution adopted by ihe Repre entat ves of the
people, or a part of them, while in an unorganiz-d
state, cou'd have any bindi g effect upon this body
at the present time. He the;efore woul 1 move, in
orJer 10 test ih squesti'n, that these gentlemen be
not swam, if it was in order to make that motion.
A sovereign State liad been deprived of its repre-
sentation simpiy by the form of put ing the ques-
tion, and he made the mot on in this form in order
that gentlemen mght not deprive a State of her
rights by the fickery-of forms.
The SPEAKER requested that the g-ntleman
should submit his propos tion<in wri:ing.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said if he understood the
qnes ion, the Speaker had submitted a question to
the Hou«eftir its-decision, to wit: "Shall these
five gentlemen be permitted to qualify?" This was
au affirmative proposition, and must come up in
that form, whatever effort his colleague mght
make to the cont'a y. The cou.te taken bv the
Chair was i.ot without precedent, dsesh.doc-
curre I in the Senate of the Un:tfd States, a* well
as in this Hou*e, where the presi <ing i fficer had
refer: ed matters to the- House. In the present case,
the Speaker had referred ihe matter to the House,
and the House was in possession of the motion;
and he demande J a decisión upon that proposition.
Mr. MERGER contended that the present was
a proper time to decide ihis questi >n, and hoped
the g?ntleman from Virginia would submit his pro-
portion to the House.
Mr. WISE then submitted his resolution in
writ'n , in subsiance as'before slated. Mr. W.
said his colleague would not forget, sj soon after
we had escaped iron tur chrysalis state and put
on our wings, the chaiges of usurp<>t oa which had
been made against Ihe gentleman who occupied
the Chair for temporary organization, b;cau«e he
presumei to put propositions to the House in his
own form. The Chair, as he had understood
him, had not put the qurs'.ioa directly to the
House, but had sugg s'.ed that it would bs a ques-
tion for ihe decision of the House.
The CHAIR observed that he had, in the first
instance, stated that the question, Shall the gentle-
men from New Jersey be sworn, was a proper
question for the House to decide uponjbut gentle-
men must not understand him as submitting ihat
question to Ihe House, but merely indicating the
coarse which the Hous« must pursue, unless g.me
member submitted a proposition; and as the gea-
tleroan from Virginia had submitted such a pro-
position, the Chair would entertain the motion.
Mr. WISE said he had, then, not misunderstood
the Chair, and in order to relieve the Chair from
submitting this question to the House, he had sub-
milted his resolution; and unless gentlemen desired
to speak on the subject, he would move the pre-
vious question. He, however, withdrew it at the
request of some gentlemen around him.
Mr FRANCIS THOMAS suggested the pro-
priety of p istponing the further consideration of
this question, until the House should adopt rales
of order. A resolu¡ion to adopt the rules of the
last House for the government of this body, had
been laid on the table by the casting vote of the
Speaker; but the House was not then full, and
it seemed to him, that as this question had been
brought up, the House ought to have some rules
for its guidance. He would put it to gentlemen
to say, whether this question should not be post-
poned until rules were adopted for the government
of  the body.
Mr. WISE would have no objection to pursue
the course indicated by the gentleman from Mary-
land, if it was not that difficulties might ariseby
the adoption of those rules before the members of
the House were all sworn. The question may
arise as to wnether we shall vole ma voce or by
ballot, or other .questions might arise, allot which
should be left untouched until all the members of
the House were sworn. And with regard to rules
for our government, he submitted whether the
rules of common sense were not a'l sufficient,
until the question with regard to the New Jersey
member* was decided.
Mr. TILUNGMAST contended that there were
natural rules of orderand natural precedents which
it was impossible for the House to overlook; and
ih?se natural rules of order, he maintained, were
all sufficient for the government of the body until
this question was decided. He also referred to the
case of Claiborne and Gholson at the extra session
of 1837, to exhibit a precedent in that case appli-
cable to the present case. Mr. T. then gave way to
Mr. WISE, who asked that the credentials pre-
sented by Messrs. Aycrigg, Maxwell, &c. be read;
and the Clerk read them to the House.
Mr. TURNEY called for the reading of the cre-
dentials on the other side.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman had
only called for the reading of the documents on one
side.
Mr. TILLINGHAST continued his remarks,
and contended that the resoluiion of Mr. Wise
should be the fir^l thing acted on.
Mr. SERGEANT heartily approved of the
course adop'ed by the Chair, in referring the sub-
ject to the House for its consideradjr; but as to the
mode in which it is to be presented, he did not un-
d«isla«d the Chair to deeide, but that he left it en-
tirely to the House. The gen leman from Virginia
[Mr. Wise] was right, under Ihese circumstances,
in offering a resolution which he considered to be
in strict conformity to the spirit and provisions of
the Corsütution of the United States. The very
first question which presents itself here is no lesa
than this: If gentlemen present themselves herewith
regular credentials, offer.ng to be sworn, are they to
be excluded by less than a majority of the House?
Did it not, ia other words, require a majority to
brine them m, or did it not require a majoiiiy to
exclude them? Those who maintain that it re-
quires a majority to bring them in, maintain what
appeared to him to b; unconstitutional doctrine,
because it seemed that, to entitle a gentleman to be
sworn, he mu«t have something more than regular
credentials of his State; that i«, he must hate the
a/d of a majority of this House. He considered
the decision that was made by ibis House some
days ago, to be of a very doubtful character, to
say tha least of i'; nay, he cou'd not say that deci-
sion was conformable to the Constitution, either in
its terms or its spirit. Now, sir, (said Mr. S ) is
this tie law of the land? If there be a choice in
the two modes of putting ihe question, is it not
plainly within the spirit of the Constitution to
give it that form and that direction which
shall give to the voice of a sovereign
State    the   greatest     power 1      Or    *hall    wo
