60
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
he, bow you are to repair the injury thus in-
flicted. He asked if it would not be the part of
wisdom, as well as of safety, to let th'se gentlemen
wait until, after a fair, calm, and impartial exami-
nation, the House could decide upon their claims.
He indulged the hope that, if the House was dis-
posed to do justice to New Jersey, as well as to the
rest of the Union, they would not decide upon this
matter with such inconsiderate haste as to over-
look the important testimony before them.
Mr. CHAPMAN rose to make a privileged
motion. He desired to move to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution for the adoption of
rules of order was laid on the table this morning.
The CHAIR said the motion could not be made
unless a motion «as made to postpone th; ques-
tion before the House.
Mr. RHETT inquired of the Chair whether he
considered the House bound by any general par-
liamentary principles, it having refused to adopt
the rules of the last House of Representatives this
morning.
The SPEAKER said his impression was, that
the House was bound by general parliamentary
principles.
Mr. RHETT then said, that if the general par-
liamen'ary law was obligatory on the House, this
proposition of the gentleman from Virginia, in re-
gard to the New Jersey members, was clearly out
of order; for according to all pailiamentary law,
you cannot introduce a proposition whch has been
once rejected.   The rule laid down in Jefferson's
Manual  was, when   a proposition   is once  re-
jected, no question of a similar character can be
brought beiore the House.   Now this question,
with regard to the right of the New Jersey   mem-
bers to take their seats, had been decided by the
House, not only once, but more than once, for he
maintained that this body was as much a House
when it decided this question, as ii was at the pre-
sent time, or as it ever could be.   By the Consti-
tution of the United States, as well as by tae par-
liamentary rule, the House was as much a House
before ¿he election oi a Speaker as after it, and he
presumed no gentleman.would contend that the
election of a Speaker would make a House.   He
referred to a case in the British Parliament, where
it was fourteen days without a Speaker, yet no one
pretended that it was incompetent to pass upon
questions which might be presented to it during that
time.   If gentlemen would refer to the proceedings
of the Parliament of Great Britain, they would see
where that body had decided questions again and
again without a Speaker.   A Speaker might be ne-
cessary in conducting the business of the House,
but the want of a Speaker took uothing from the
power of the H< use.    Sir, what have we done ai-
read p?     Did not the House, at the instance of a
gentleman from Virginia, adopt rules for the go-
vernment of its prcceedingb?   Well, were we a
House then, or were we not?    Did we not perform
other duties? And were we a House,or were we not,
when we performed those duties.?    Will men pre-
tend to say that we had not the power to perform
these duties until you were placed in that chair?
The Constitution of the United Sta'es says that each
House  shall keep a journal of its proceedings.
Well, sir, is the journal of the  last two weeks,
which is lying upon your table, the journal of the
House of Representatives, or is it not?    Unques-
tionably, gentlemen will not deny that it is the journal
of the House.    Again the Constitution says that
the House shall judge of the qualifications, elec
non, and returns ot its members.     Weil, has not
the House decided on the qualifications and returns
of the New Jersey member ? for unquestionably it
was a House when it made this decision.     The
Constitution further says that the House shall elect
a Speaker.     Were we a Hou*.e when you were
elected,    or    were   we   not.     He    contended
that   the House   had   the  right   to   dec;de   on
the qualification and returns of its members before
the election of a Speaker; and further, that the
House did  right in dec ding upon the New Jersey
case before a Speaker was called to the chair.
The House  bad  decided the question, and it had
decided against the right of the New Jersey mem-
bers taking their seats, and although he had no in-
etrameotalitj in making that decision, he held that
the House, having once made such a decision, it
was not competent for it to open up the question
again, and he would sustain that course of pro-
ceeding which would put an end to the question at
the earliest possible period. It seemed to him that
it was due to the country th it we should proceed
now with the public business, which had already
been too long delayed. There was business of
greater importance to be performed than discmssing
this question day after day. The President of the
United States was waiting to send in his Message;
gentlemen of all parties were looking for it; and
the whole people of the country are desirous that
we should proceed at once to the discharge of the
duties which devolve upon us, their Representatives.
Mr. BRIGGS referred to the resolution which
had been submitted by Mr. Rhett in the first in-
stance, and to the discussion which was had upen
it. While it was under debate, the gentleman from
South Carolina had been asked, whether he in-
tended by it to preclude all examination of the
New Jersey case, after the election of a Speaker;
and the gentleman had then said it was not his in-
tention to preclude examination of the question,
after the organization, yet he now says that the
question has been finally and absolutely settled.
Mr. RHETT rose to explain. What he said
now was, that you could not introduce the same
proposition now which had been decided before,
because the resolution now before the House was
identically the same proposition which had been
decided before.
Mr. BRIGGS contended that the House had the
right to decide upon the question as it was now
brought up, and that the former decision of the
body, in its unorganized state, would not conflict
with this resolution. He replied to the argument
of Mr. Dromgcole, and asserted that there was not
to be found, within the last fifty years, a single
case, either in the Congress of the United States or
in the State Legislatures, where a member, regu-
larly returned according to law, had been refused
his seat in the first instance.
Mr. DAVIS of Pennsylvania rose and stated,
that at the last session of the Pennsylvania Legis-
lature, two gentlemen from the eighth Senatorial
district of Pennsylvania, bad presented their cre-
dentials to the Senate of that State, made out in
pursuance of the liws of the State, yet they were
not permitted to take their seats, and their oppo-
nents, who had no credentials at all, had the seats
given to them.
Mr. RIVES of Va. also referred to cases in the
Virginia Legislature, where the persons holding the
ceitificates were not permit ed to take ihe>r .*eats.
Mr. BRIGGS resumed his remarks, referringto
the book of contested elections, and declarir g that
theie was no precedent in the sixty-six cases th re
laid down, where a member having ihe legal certi-
ficate was prevented from taking his seat.
Mr, DKOMGOOLE admitted that members
were permitted to take their seats upon the evi-
dence they pi o luce, if no question is rased as to
their right to their seats; but he maintained that
where the question of right was raised, the House
must decide it before qualification. In support of
this ronton, he referred to the ca^esof Edwards,
Richard*, and Moore and Letcher.
Mr. BARNARD obtained the floor, and moved
an adjournment.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, December 18, 1839.
A message was received from the President of
the United States.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
instructed to inform the Senate—
1. Whe/herdutieshave fesei exacted of any vessels
of Ihe United States employed in the whale fishery,
for tonnage, or the produce of such fisheries, and
if so, under what authority.
2.  What papers were furnished to such vessels
before they cleared, and were they such as have at
all times been granted to vessels thus employed.
3.  What amount of duties and charges have
been piid, what amount bonded, and are the bonds
now in force, and unpaid.
4. Are duties now exacted of all such vessels as
they arrive, and what amount of fees, if any, have
accrued to officers of the customs from this source,
and at what placer.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolutions:
Resolve:/, That it is the opinion of the Senate
that the title of the United States to the Territory
of Oregon is indisputable, and never will be aban-
doned.                                     „       „ .   , „
Resolved, That the President of the United Stales
be requested to give notice to the British Govern-
ment that the conventions of 1818, and 1827, which
give the right to use and occupy the Oregon Ter-
ritory, its bays, rivers, harbors, &e. to both par-
ties indiscriminately, shall cease in twelve months
after such notification.
Rtsolved, That it is both expedient and proper to
extend such portions of the laws of the United
States over the Territory of Oregon, as may be ne-
cessary to secure the lives, liberty, and property
of our citizens who may reside in said Territory.
Resolved, That it is expedient to raise an addi-
i tional regiment of infantry, (rifles,) for the pur-
! pose of overawing and keeping in check various
Indian tribes, or any foreign forces, who may be
in said Territory, or on its borders; and at the
same time to give ample protection to our citizens
engaged in legitimate occupations.
Resolved, That six hundred and forty acres of
land should be granted to every white male inhabi-
tant of said Territory of the age of eighteen years,
who shall cultivate and use the same five consecu •
live years, and to his heirs at law in the event of
his death.
Mr. PRENTISS gave notice that, at as early a
day as it would bs in order to do so, he would ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the appoint-
ment of a board of commissioners to hear aud de-
termine claims against the United States.
Mr. HUBBARD gave notice that, as soon as It
would be in order to do so, he would ask leave to
introduce the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Walter Looniis and Abel
Gay.
A bill for the relief of Samuel White.
A bill for the relief oí John Burke.
After the consideration of Executive business,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, December 18, 1839.
Mr. JOHNSON of Tennessee submitted the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That a message be sent to the Senate to
inform that body that a quorum of this House is
assembled, that R. M. T. Hunter, or.e of the Re-
presentatives from the State of Virginia, hss been
elected Speaker thereof; and that it is now ready to
proceed to business, and that the acting Clerk do
go with said ir.essage.
Mr. WISE and Mr. WILLIAMS ef North Ca-
rolina objected to its reception, because the gentle-
man from New York was entitled to the floor on
another subject.
. Mr. JOHNSON said his only objeot was that the
House might be enabled to proceed to business at
the earliest possible period.
The objections were not withdrawn, and the
CHAIR decided that the gentleman from New Vork
was entitled to the floor on the resolution of the
gentleman from Virginia.
The question pending was the resolution submit-
ted yesterday by Mr. Wise, that Messrs. Ay-
cr:gg, Halsted, Maxwell, ct«atton, and York ,
are not entitled to be sworn as members of the
House.                                 /
ho was- entitled to the floor,
t grea* length on the subject
The/simple question was,
froni New Jersey, who were
here in their seats, stjoujd be sworn, and it was
thus he understood lh/ proposition as a simple
question; and simple as it was, it involved many
and serious and important considerations, affect-
ing not merely the triumph of par y, but affecting
the integrity of the Constitution i'selt, and the laws,
and in its consequences the very Government un-
der which we live. When, a few days ago, he
bad the honor to make some remarks on the quef.
Mr. BARNARD, 
addressed the House]
of  the   resolution,
whether the member
