'«      ' '      "                            —---------------------
tion then presented, growing out of the contest, he
offered to the consideration of the gentlemen around
him two distinct grounds as to what was then pro-
perly before them. The first was, that, in the con-
di'ion of the House as then constituted, no ques-
tion whatevei was presented for its consideration
upon the elections of the members from New Jer-
sey. The «turns were perfect as returns; they
were not impeached; they were unquestioned by
any member apon this floor. The other was that
in regard to matter of right. The question of elec-
tion, as to which were ultimately entitle!, could
not come up then, because they had no right cr
power to decide upon it; it belonged to the Com-
mittee of Elections, after they were qualified as
ciembers, and the House constitutionally and pro-
perly org anized.
The only point which the House could now un-
dertake to decide, was upon the returns of these
members as returns, and as to the matter of ulti
mate rights, and as to the election in New Jersey, that
was a matter to be deciled by evidence, and that
could only be done by the House, wben organized
to decide as a judicial body. The word return
was a woid of legal and parliamentary import;
and he contended when a return was made in tbe
legal andconstitutional manner, the peisjn having
the return was entitlrd to his seat, and could not
properly be prevented from taking it. The return
was a member's title lo office, and he was as much
entitled to bis seat under it, as any person was
entitled to office under his commission.
Mr. B. went into an examination of the law of
Parliament, and the practice under it in Great
Britain, and in this country, to show that the«e
members were legally entitled to their seats, and
contended that this House could not prevent them
from taking their seats, unul it decided that their
opponents was entitled to seat?. If the one set
of members were rejected, mos>t certainly the other
s;t must be admitted, because the State of New Jer-
tej could not be deprived of her representation. He
trusted that the House would not now set the pre-
cedent of excluding members who had the re-
gular returns; for if this precedent was once set, it
might lead to consequences the most fearful. If
the House once decided that a member having the
legal return might be deprived of his seat, because
there were others claiming, a reckless party might
at any time deprive a large majority of the mem-
bers of the House from taking their seats, by get-
ting persons to come on heic, ar.d contest their
rights to seats; and he asked what would be the
state of affairs, if both parties should report to this
kind of proceeding at the same time. There could
rot be a doubt as to the right of the members hav-
ing the regular return to lake lhe>r seat-;, and no
power had the right to deprive them of this.
Mr. RAYNER followed Mr. B. and after a brief
exordium, entered into a history of the question in-
volved, from the commencement of the session
until tbe present time, attributing all the difficul-
ties which were in the way of an organization of
the House, to party excitement, and party disci-
pline. He contended that the gentlemen who came
here claiming seats as members from New Jersey,
in opposition to those who were regularly, as he
contended, commissioned by the Governor of New
Jersey, had no more right here than had the fi«h-
women of Parts, who ¡utruded themselves into the
National Assembly in the time of the French Re-
volution. He contended that the party with which
be acted were the only supporter? of the Constitu-
tion and laws, as far as this question was concern-
ed, and that they bad been striving from the first to
organize the House, and proceed to the despatch
of the public business, while all the delay and dis-
order that had been w tnessed, were the conse-
qi' -nces of the opposition of the other p&rty to
r .e admission of the members who were re-
gularly commissioned by the Governor of New
Jersey. In arguing on the rights of these
five New Jersey gentlemen to take their seats, he
contended that the House had by no means the
right to go behind their returns; and that these,
emanating from the authorities of a sovereign State,
were conclusive and binding on the House, and
could not be controverted. Mr. R. paid a high
compliment to the common law of England, which
CONGRESSIONAL GlOttE.
he considered the sacred fountain from which all
our tree institutions flowed; and, arguing that the
prncples of  the  common   law   sanctioned   the
claims of those gentlem-n, he contended that, in
the absence of any usage in this country to the
contrary, these gentlemen ought to be permitted to
take their seats without further question.   Mr. R.
entered into a long argument to show the necessity
of adhering to the forms and technicalities of law,
and replied at length to thsse gentlemen who at-
tempted to cast ridicule on those technical forms
which he deemed so essential.    Such arguments,
he thought, might be very useful when it was in-
!   tended to delude the ignorant and honest people at
!   the hustings, but were unworthy  of this enlight-
ened body, to which they had been addressed.   The
'' confusion and inconvenience ot refusing ^to allow
I   those members to take their seats who came here
. I  with the regular commissions of the Governor of
,t their State, had been  forcibly depicted in the be-
ll ginning by the gentleman from Pennsyluania. [Mr.
i   Sergeant,] and he considered the course taken by
the majority   of this House, to  be an attempt to
1   establish a precedent, which, if followed up. would,
• inafer times, place a majority of th s House in
\ the powtr of a lean minority.   Suppose, hereafier,
hs said, that parties should be so equally ba'anced
in this House, that it required but a small addition
to one side to  oveipower the other.   In that case,
ons of i hi* parties, following op the precedent now
attempted to  be established, might contest seats
enough to give them the majority.   There were
men, however, in this eou'try, who would never
submit to such a daring usurpation of their rights,
but would expend their life's blood in maintaining
them.     Establish   this   precedent,  Mr.  R. said,
and   the    lime    will   coire    when    a   member
coming   to   take   his   seat   he'e,   must   march
up   to   the  table  with   his   credential    in   ene
hand, and  his dagger in  the  other.    He spoke
not this ia a spirit of bravado, but was merely
supposing the necessity to which a man might be
driven, who knows his rights and dares main'am
them.    Gentlemen  said that the fraud involved in
these returns was «o   manifest, that it was abso-
lutely necessary to go behind them.   But, he said,
if there was fraud you cannot remedy i , for you
are not a tribunal competent to try it.   The jury
was not empannelled; the evidence was not beiore
it, and the case was not ready for trial.    Mr. R.
further  contended that if there was a fraud pra:-
tised on the people of Neiv Jersey, u was a fraud
which the House was not now empowered to try.
But he would ask gentlemen h^w they arrived at
the conclusion that there was a fraud practised?
Did they arrive at that conclusion from the evi-
dence of scunilous newspapers?    He thought that
those gentlemen who had thus prejudged the case
should be estopped from hereafter sitting on the trial
of it; and that justice, as well as delicacy, should
prevent them from trying a cause which they had
already decided.
Mr. VANDERPOEL observed that the deb tie,
f r th* last'day or two, had been so much on one
side, that no opportunity had been allowed of say-
ing any thing on ihe other side. If he ho'jgrt
t'lat its protraction would make a sirgle conveit,
he wou'd be wiling to ¡-it hpre for a week; but
eve-y gentleman had made tip his mind on one side
er the other, and he did not be'ieve that any one
wou'd change his opini ns, wer* they to sit here
ti'l doomsday. He would, therefore, more to lay
the whol  subject on the table.
Mr. "WISE inqit'red whether thi motion was in
order.
The SPEAKER said that it was.
Mr. SHEPARD of North Carolina asked ths
gest'eman from New York to withdraw his motion,
in ord r to allow him an ojportunity of makirg a
bri f exp'anation.
Mr. GRAVES and Mr. "WISE protested against
the right of a gratleman who had the floor to
make any such contracts. If the eenileman from
New York )ielded the floor to another member, he
shou'd have no right to c'aim it again when that
member was done with his remarks.
Mr. VANDERPOEL inquired of the Chair if
it had not been ihe general u-age and rule tf the
House fcr a member who had the floor t:> yield it
6l
•"              ■    ' ■■
to another who had askf d leave to make an expla-
nation, and to take it again when that explanation
had been made?
The SIEAKER answered that such had been
the pract'es of the Heuse; but he did not under-
stand that the e was any parliamentary law on ihe
subject.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland said that where an
objeción was made to a member retaining the
floor, after having yielded it for the purpose of an
explanation, it had been decided against him, and
cited a decision ef Mr. Speaker Pdk on that point.
Mr. VANDERFOEL then said that he-did not
Í   yield the floor.
Mr. WISE here ro*e to a point of ord*r, and
1 Mr. Vanderpoel sat down. The law of 1789,
he said, required that, before prtceeding to busi-
ne-s, all the membs rs of the House must be sworn.
Tbe Chmr had said that he would submit the ques-
tion  to  the House for i's decision, whether the
I    members claiming to takr seats as members from
New Jersey  .should be permitted to qualify; and
,   he had offered a resolut'on, in the negative form,
II   that they should   not   be   permitted   to   qualify.
1' Now,  he would ask of the Chair what would be
the question if th's resolution of hi* should be laid
j   on the table?   Would   the question again arise,
I   Shall thes  gentlemen be sworn?
The SPEAKER replied that the resolution now
b<fore the House being of a nega'ive character, the
qnestion would naturally arise, "Shall these gen-
tlemen be sworn?" if that resolution should be laid
on the tsbl?.
Mr. McKAY referred to a ca«e decided by Mr.
Speaker Barbe ur, in which the question was raised
whether a certain gentleman was entitled to his
seat, and that question having been laid on the ta-
ble, the decision was, that the rejection of a resc-
lutien in a negative form was equivalent to a
decision in the affirmative. An appeal was taken,
and the House reversed the decision.
Mr. ADAMS asked ii a motion to lay on the ta-
i1 b'e was debatable.   There were no ru'es now bind-
I ing on the House, and he did not understand that
: the parliamentary law prohibited debate on such
motions.
\       The SPEAKER  gave it as his opinion that the
I   motion was no* deba'ab'e.
i       Mr. BELL was of the same opinion with the
,   gentleman from Massachusetts.      By the common
. parliamentary law, motions ti lay on the table
were  as much debatable a* any other mot,on; and
I the rule that prohibited debate on them wa« an ar-
bitrary one, which did not now prevail. He hoped
the Chair wonid review his decision, as several
gentlemen wished to speak on the question, who
had not hitherto participated in tbe debate.
Mr. WISE asked if he had the right to withdraw
his resolution at any time?
The SPEAKER replying in the affirmative,
Mr. WISE said he would give notice to gentle-
men that if this motion was persisted in, he would
withdraw his resolution and renew it in some other
form. Gentlemen would perceive, therefore, that
they could not get rid of this qoes.ion, for he could
present it in some new form as often a* he pleased.
Mr. VANDERTOEL a ked if le understood tie
Chair correctly, in sayire that the reject'on of tht 
lesoluiion in a negative form, would be ieg?rJtd
by the Chair as a mandate to swear these gentle-
men.
The SPEAKER made a few remarks in Tfp)y,
which were very imperfectly heard by the Repoiter;
but he was understood to say that he would regard
the rejection of the resolution as equivalent to an
affirmative decision, that these gentlemen should be
sworn.
Mr. VANDERPOEL then s«d, that af'er such
an intimation by the Chair, he would withdraw his
motion.
Mr. WISE, who hud the floor, said that he did
not wish to pivceed this evening with his remarks,
and he would therefere, with the permission of ihe
House, yield the floor to thesentleman from North
Carrolma, [Mr. Fheparb,] io enab'ehim to make
an explanation, with the undeis'andinR that he had
the right to it the first thing in tne morning.
Mr. SHEPARD of North Car.d;ra etserved,
that this, debate had been extended for two weeks,
