62
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and tb/-mh he did not believe that he could throw
any light on a subject on whic!. the best ta'ent had
been employed in the course of the debate, )et as
th* course wh ch h" had th ught it his du y to take
had been sr m-what different t om that expected by
mo4 g n'le neii, he deemed it but ¡us ice to himself
to make a brief etplanationof it. When we assem-
b edhe e, said Mr. S. some weeks ago, certain gen-
tl men fr^m the Sta'e of New Jersey app°ared with
certificates that they ha i been elected as Repre-
sentatives from that Sta e, similar to ihe one which
I possess; and on rerernnz to the laws of New
Jersey, Ifound that the Governor of that State was
authorized to receive from the ]u <ge? of the elec-
tions   the   returns   of  all   the votes   given,  to
count them np, and  to give commissions lo those
peisons who received a majority of ihi rotes.   Sir,
said Mr. S these gentlemen who claim to be ad-
mitted to iheir   seats here, have   the certificates of
the Governor, stating that they were duly elected,
and it seemed to him they wf re entitled to take
their se t , and to participate in the organization
of tie House by the «lection of a Speaker.   It
seemed to him, then, said Mr. S. that he had no
more right to refuse to associate wrh them as mem-
bers of this House, and to impeach the validity
of their ciedentials, than they had to refuse to
asocíate vih him, and to imp-ach the valid ty
of his     The   Governor of   New Jersey is the
offic r charaed wuh making of the returns ot e'ec-
ti> n, and though not appointed by the Federal Go-
vernm nt, his s'at ments of the returns are as
binding as it he ac'ed uider our authority.   Th'
c mmi sionj which he gave were in conformity
with ihe usige which had always prevailed in thi>
country, and n ihe country irotn which our in-
stituí uns were derived; and in both countries the
act oí the returning officer was always considered
valid and binding until proved by good and suffi-
cient   te« unony   Id   be   wrong  or   fraudu'ent.
Th's was  the vi^w  which  he took at the first,
and which he took now.     He  would   not  go
into an argument to show the truth of this position,
for it had been already so ably argued that he had too
much respect tor the Home to consume their time
with repeating arguments that had been so often used.
But some gentlemen contended that fraud bad been
commuted in giving these returns.   Admit that this
were the fact; yet it seemed to him thai they had no
right, according to parliamentary law and usage, to
inquire into it at that tune    The gentlemen whose
seats were contested had as much right, as he be-
lieved, to inquire whether fraud had been commit-
ted wab regard to h,s credentials, as he had to
inquire wuh regard to theirs.   Indeed fraud might
be committed on all hands.   Tne certificates of the
Secretary of State of the State of New Jersey, con-
testing the verity of these returns, might themselves
be ihe result ol  fraud; and, therefore, in ihe preli-
minary stage of their proceeding*, he thought they
could not go into an examination of them.   These
reasons, and many others, which he would not
trouble the House with reciting, induced him to |
give   his  votes   in   favor of the right of these
g nt'emen to take iheir seats.   He thoujht they
were entitled ti   haie their names on the i oil,
and he therefore vo'ed for the fir t propo it on of
the gentleman from Vnginn, [Mr. Wise ] which
was lost.   Ancher teso ution was ofTe ed by the
same genilemin, affirmiug thu they we-e entitled
to take iheir se ts, and leaving the q lestion (f ulti-
mate right «to be decided by the   Hou<e,   aft r
n was  organized,     For  this resolution he also
v«-ted.     On Saturday last, the gent'eman fiom
V rg 11a   ntr0(uced his third íes  uti n on  the
subje t, ai.d on tie mot on t > 'ay it on the table,
he vot d in ih« ifll ma ive; anl he  hid how n en
mire   for   t.e   purrose   <f   explaining   his  vote
on  that  cccaMon, than ti enter  into an an;u-
nu'nt  on the pres nt question.   When the motion
to which he had reicired   wa? made,  it se-med
to him that ihry had already c in>u r.ei too much
time on the various questi<n> connected with the
«ubjTt, and tha no good cou d result from keep-
ing it any longer before tie Hou>e.   He thought it
was time to lay aside this vexed question, and pro-
ceed at once to the organ zition of the House, and
to.the despatch of the public business.   There was,
thersfore, no inconsistency in the two votes be bad
thus given. He voted according to the diCates of his
best judgment, ant subsequent reflection had con
vincd him that he had acted corree ly.   It seemed
to him that the question had been settled  by the
preliminary meeting, that the>e gentlemen should
not take their seats, and participate m the organiza-
tion of the House, and  that it would ih rvfore be
better to   b-ave the controversy to be decided in
the ordinary way by the House,  upon its merits,
after t e ac i< n of the Ccmrnutee of Elec'ions,
Ha must take this occasion to say  thai he had
votei for the two resolutions of the gentleman from
Virginia, with the greatest reluctance.   In what hp
was about to say, he begged to be understood as
not wishing or intending to impeach the mo 'ves of
the gentlemen  fiom New Jersey, who carne here
with the Governor'  certificates; nor did he wish to
impeach theci nduct of the Governor himself.  But
he must say, that when he heard the evidence read
at the Clerk's table, impeaching the validity of these
returns, m which it was conclusively shown thit
the gentlemen who contes'ed the seats had received
a majority of the votes given at the elections—
when   he   heard   the   evidence   read   that  the
clerks of two counties, Millviile and South Am-
boy, had suppressed the vote given at these coun
ties, and when he heard the evidence that the Go-
vernor  himself admitted   both   these   important
fact", and, regretting that the technicalities of law
prevented him from giving the returns to  those
who had received a majjrity of the votes, consoled
himself with the belief that  the  House would do
justice to all pirties—when he had seen a prop .sil
made last summer in the public papers, by the gen-
tleman  commissioned by  the G ivernor, to throw
up their commissions, and go again into a new
election, thus admitting a doubt of their own right ,
he could not avoid entertaining the suspicion that
gross fiaud had been practised.   It seemed tp him,
Mr. S. said, that throughout the whole contest here,
one party h d made use of the forms and techni-
calities of law to cover up a mean and despicably
fraud, while the other party had attempted to break
down all the forms of law, in order to attain ab-
stract justice; and being a law-loving and law-abid-
ing man,   he   had   voted  to preserve Ihe laws,
though   injustice    might    be   the  consequence.
These   things, Mr.  S.   said,  were  not   uncom-
mon in private life.   A man often held possession
of a tract of land to which he was not justly enti-
tled, and  which the law weu'd take from him
upon a legal investigation and trial ef his title; but
the forms of law must be preserved, and the tenant
in possession must retain the land until the courts dr-
cde that another has a better ttt'e to ¡t    Hewou'd
pass over other matters, (Mr. S. said,) and come
down to ihe prrceedirg-s of yct-riJay; and he con-
fessed he never was more surprised in his life
than he was when, shortly after the Speaker had
taken the chair, and after his administering the oath
to the members of the House, he saw these fue
New   Jersey gentlemen   walk   up fo (he   table
and ask to be sworn.   He dil  not, as he said
before, mean  to   impeach  their  motive-;   thsy
had a right   to take their own course;   but he
thought   that  motives  of delicacy,  as well  as
of expediency, should have induced them to wait
for the regular action of the House.  Now, d,d not
every man see that the contest has, all along, been
for the purpose of electing a Speaker, ai.d that
these gentlemen and their friend* were contending
for their right to participa-e in that election?   But
(sai 1 Mr. S ) the right has been violated by deci-
sions of the House again and again, and it is too
late to rectify it    The  House has been organized,
and the Speaker has been elected, without the par-
ticipation of these gentlemen, and they can, ihert-
fore, have no good reason for insisting oa taking
their serts   without an   investigation   into   their
right to hold them.    You, sir," [addressing  the
SFE4KE*] have   been   elected  as   an   impartid
man;  you   and   I   voted   to   gjve  these ge .tie-
men their seat>   in the  first  m-tince,  and you
will doubtless deal justly and impartially ¡a your
appointment of a Commit'ee of Election".   Then
why not let this question of r/ght  be referred to
that committee to be investigated on its mer.t^ m
order that the House, wuh a full knowledge of "all
the evidence connected with it, muy decide on n
ha<l
ie pro-
camly, justly, and impartially. No injury or ¡t cm -
v^mence would result to these get tlemen or their
party by the delay.   No great quesfon wou'd pro-
bably come before the House, in which their ve tcs
might be necessary before the decision of the Hon e
on their ca^e. He, frr one, would agr¡-e that all t! e
gieat   questions   which   were   expected to   come
before   them,   should   be    p^tponed   until   that
decis.on  was   made:   jes,   sir,  said Mr.  S   the
geat   financial   quest on,   on   which   I   shall  co
with   tie    Executive,   aid   the   fate   of   which,
will probably depend on the decís on of these con-
tested election case", may   be lad ovtr  until   the
House shall decide who shall take  their seats as
Representatives from   the  Slate  of New  J-r=e.\
He had merely risen, Mr. S. said, to  explain the
course he Lad taken.     If any harm has been Hone
by preventirg these gentlemen  from   participat rig
in the election of a Speaker, it is  too late now to
apply the remedy.     The pet ha-, been done,  and
done forever, and  let the country   and  posterity
judge of its correctness.   A great deal  had been
said about the States Rights doctrines that were
involved in this question.      Sir, «aid Mi   S   the
question h s as much to do   with  S a'e>   Righ's.
as   it   has   with    the   Egyptian   hieroglyph k-s.
No   man   wishes   to    disfranchise    the    S*at 
of New Jersey.     The   only  qiestion   is,   who
shall   take   their   seats   as members   fr m   that
State?   There  was no intention of depmngany
one of his rtghtsj'on ihe contrary, the sending tl i-.
matter to a cominiiteee, and bringing it to  a th >-
rough investigation upon its merits, was the  <=urest
I  way of doing justice  to all.    The  arg
J  been  used in   the  preliminary   stage  of th
i  ceedwgs,  that  the Hou-e, in   an imperfect  Mate,
an I wi hout a Speaker, cou'd not enter into an  ex-
amination of the evidence connected wrh the sub-
ject, nor try it on us merits.   That difñcul.y wss
now removed.   The House was now organized—
a  Speaker was elected, aDd the  members were
sworn.    He hoped, therefore, there being no lon-
ger any obstacle in the way, that the Houre would
take this course.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina here took
the floor, and replied at length to Mr. Dbom-
qoole, citing various precedents to show that the
gentkmen who presented themselves with the cer-
tificate  of the Governor of New Jersey, were en-
titled to take their seats without further question,
and that the House had no right to go behui i these
re urns, or, at this sage of its proceedings, to go
into an examination of the testimony contes'ing
their va'idity.
Mr. WISE obtained the floor and moved an ad-
journment.
Mr. SHEPARD asked that the gentleman would
withdraw the motion, so that he might have an
opportunity of saying a few words in reply to the
gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. WISE could not withdraw the motion un-
less it was understood that he should have the fljcr
afterwards.
Mr. ADAMS hoped the House would permit
the gentleman from North Carolina to make an
explanation.
Mr. WISE then withdrew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. SHEPARD then said that he had been a
humble member of the House of Representatives
for the last tvio years, and in his cour>e on  that
floor he had endeavored to be actuated by what he
believed to be his duty to himself and the people
he represented.    He knew that, on various occa-
sions, he hud taken a course unpalatable to some
gen temen, andtVy h?d shown their disapprobation
of that course by various circumstances and means.
He would, however, now say to them, that he was
not responsible to  ihem, or to any body else « *.
cept the people   who   s nt hm   there,   and'the
country at   large; and he hoped that, in the dis
charge of his duty   in that   Honse, he was as far
from |par -as any other member on the   floor.   Fie
woilj neither yield to fla'lerv on the one side   nor
to bullying on  the other.    When be rose a few
moments ago, he did not rise to  make an apoW
for h-s vote—he owed   no apology to   any   bodV;
but he rose to put   himself right before his con-
sti'uents and the coontry at large, because he knew
