that   the   party  oreaas,   which   were   spread
throughout   the cvuntrv, were always   disposed
to hold up a paMte man to odium.    The people
do not understand the rules of order in this Hou^e;
and when gentlemen act differently from the views
of partisans, it r  easy for them to be misrepresented.
And notwithstanding the remarks of the gentleman
from S#nih Carolina, he felt satisfied with the pro-
priety of bis coarse, ami he believed that every
person, oatrammelled by party  prejudice, would
jiutifr   his   conduct.     He   wrud  now   bririly
«late    what   he    had    said.      He    had    said
that  when   we   fir>i    m*t   in   this House,   he
believed that  ihi^e  members from New   Jersey
•ho had ihe Governor's certificates were entitled to
take their seats and participate in the election of a
Speaker, but he stated iarther, that be bad strong
snsp etun that those men had come here through
a  fraud.   The  gett'eman   from Souih Caiolma
hionvli" bad *'rv>ng    suspicion   thai they  came
here through   a fraad, if he had not  mism der-
stood him on another occawon.   He thought in the
ttrst place that they had the right to participate in
the election of a 8peaker.     They however were
deprived of that right by the House, and they did
not rote for a Speaker.    Then, so far as the prin-
ciple was concerned, it was violated by prohibiting
them from voting in Ihe election of a Speaker;
and if they had at any time a right to participate
in ihe organization of the House, that right had
been trampled apon,  and it was  gone forever.
Then,   after   all   th.a   was  done,   was   it   not
the   proper   conree,   ns   a   Speaker   had   bren
elected who wonld immediately appoint commit- |
tees, to let the whole matter be brought np be- ,
fore a committee, and be examined, and properly
decidec?   La t week, the argument was, that we
must gve fanh and effect to ihe certificate, because
the Home was net organized, because there was
no Speake>-, no committee to examine, and collate
facts.   Now, sir, the ease is d fferent.   Yon have
been elected by the gentleman and his friends, be- ¡
cau«e of your jusi.ee and impartiality.   Yon can I
immediately appoint a committee, that will inves- I
tigate the wbote matter—that will bring to light the |
dark parts of this transaction, and do equal and |
fall justice to all.    Let the House take up the sub- <
jeet,  and decide   upon   the   whole  question of \
rig.11, now that these men have been deprived of
taking seats in the first instance.     Was  there
any inconsistency in his wishing to pursue this
toorMl Would the gentleman from South Carolina
desire to give men seats here who, upon examina-
tion, in a few days, it might be found, were not en- (
titled to them?   This was his position, and these
were bis views, expressed with all due respect to
the great legal talents of the gentleman from Sooth  ,
Carolina.
Sir, said Mr. S. the gentleman from South
Carolina, in the conclusion of his remark*,
had said that bis relations with me were
not such as wonld permit him to speak of me
as be would of his honorable colleague. Al-
mnaib, sir, I do not fear that gentleman's lanoe,
ia any contest, I know that be is possessed of ta-
lents far superior to mine Toe gentleman seemed
to know that be is much my superior in age, in
learning, and in eloquence, but why did be nit
think of inn before he commenced bis attack? '<
Wbr did be not a-tack his friend from South
Carol na, who bad voted with me on all
these questions? That would bave been
more consistent with the gentleman's vaunted
ehivairy, which he is eternally talking about.
(Lsoghvr.] But the gentleman farther says, ibat
I had held ibat these men bad acoiuntntional right
to patticipate in the organization of the H<nse,
and contend* that because they on e had a consti-
tutional right, I act incoasisiently in not sup-
porting their admission to tea's at the present mo-
men*. In this matter, the gentleman himself is in
no enriable position. The gentleman came into
this House a Nullifier, opposed to a Nation,: 1
Bank and a high tariff; still we find him always
acting with ibat very pary wh ch goes for a Ne-
tioaal Bank, for a b gh tariff, and for all those
meat ores which he has declared to be most odious
to him. If it 11 inconsistent in me to pursue the
course I have, u it not doubly inconsistent in the
CONGRESSIONAL GIÍOBE.
gentleman to pursue the c ur>e whh he pursue.-?
If 1 am inconsistent, he is still more so; and
how can he justify him.ell lo his constitu-
ents? How is it that he is stuns ling lo get
thsl party in power which would adopt all those
Federal measures which be himself pretends to be
absolutely opposed to?
Ia pursuing the course which I desire to pursue,
I do not see that any harm can be done to any
party, for I will be wilting to postpone all the great
questions which this House has to act upon, until
the matter of this New Jersey election is finally de-
cided upon, which can be done in a short time, as
the House can proceed to it at once, and act upon
it in a legal and constitutional manner.
Mr. THOMP&OX said a few words in reply to
Mr. Shefard, when
Mr TURNEY obtained the floor, and moved lo
refer this «solution, together with the credentials,
and all other evidence in regard lo the New Jersey
elections, to the Committee of Elections, and on
that motion moved the previous question.
On motion of Mr. WISE,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday-, December 19,1839.
Mr. PREsTON appeared in his seat this morn-
ing.
Mr. NORVELL gave notice that, at the appro-
priate time, he would ask leave of ihe Senate to
introduce the following bills:
A bill supplementary to "An act to provide
for '.he adjustment of titles to land in the town of
Detroit, and Territory cf Michigan, and for other
purposes."
A bill for the relief of J. and W. Beeson, and
others.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana gave notice that, as
soon as it would be in order to do so, he would ask
leave to introduce the following bill :
A bill to authorize the New Albany and Mount
Carmel Railroad Company to enter, on a credit, a
quantity of land, to aid the company in the con-
struction of a railroad from New Albany to Mount
Carmel, Illinois.
A bill for the íelief of the legal representatives of
Col. Francis Vigo.
Mr. ROANE gave notice that, as soon as it
wonld be proper to do so, he woold ask leave to
ntroduce a bill giving the assent of Congress to
an act of ihe General Assembly of the State of
Virginia incorporating the Falmouth and AUx^n-
«Ina Railroad Company.
Mr. LINN gave notice that, as soon as it would :
be in order to do so, he would a>k leave to intro- ,
dace the following bills:
A bill for the relief of Pierre Menard and others.
A bill to authorize payment to be made to cer-
tain Missouri volunteers, for services in the years
1829 and 1830.
Mr. BENTON offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate such infor-
mation as has been received at the Treasury De-
partment from consuls and secretaries of legation
respecting the fiscal regulations in force in fortign
countries, and not contained in his communication
to the Senate of trie date of January 21, 1839.
Mr. LINN offered the following resolution:
Rttolted, That the President of the United States
be requested lo canse to be communicated to ihe
Senate any information in the Department of
Stale, or any other Department, relative to the dis-
puted boundary between the State of Missouri and
ihe Territory of Iowa, and which has not been
heretofore communicated to the House of Repre-
eentative?; and also to communicate copies of any
proclamations of the Governor of Missouri and the |
Governor of the Territory of Iowa in relation to
said di.-po.ted boundary, and the order , it any, for
calling out, or holding the militia in readiness to
act in relatitn to the same; and also any further
information on the subject which it may be in the
power of the Departments to five.
Mr. WILLIAMS offered the following reso-
lution:
Reiohcd, That the Committee on the Jndiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of in-*
63
creasing the number of copies of the laws of Con-
gress printed for the several States and Territories
under the act of 30th April, 1818.
The Senate then went into the consideration of
Executive business, and afterwards
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, December 19, 1839.
The CHAIR stated Ihe question to be on Mr.
C. Johnson's motion to refer the resolution of Mr.
Wise, together with the credentials of ihe New
Jersey members to the Committee of Elections,
when appointed.
Mr. WISE rose, and stated that the gentleman
from Tennessee had agreed to withdraw the motion,
to al'ow him to address the House on his resolu-
tion, on condition that he would renew it again,
which he would do with great pleasure.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON then rose to make
a point. He considered the resolution of the gen-
tlen.an from Virginia [Mr. Wise] as inadmissible
in this House, and that, by the Constitution and
laws of the United States, the Speaker was bound
to swear in the members from New Jersey having
the Governor's certificates. This was the point of
order which he was about to make, and he made
it with a view ol bringing this matter to a speedy
and conclusive issue. He maintained that the
Speaker had no discretionary power in this matter,
but that he was bound to administer the oath to
these gentlemen at once.
The CHAIR said the gentleman cou'd not pro-
I   oeed now, without the leave of the House on his
i proposition.
i l Mr. JOHNSON appealed to the conrtesy of the
House to grant him leave, and declared he would
not occupy the time of the House more than fire
minutes     He was about proceeding, when
Mr. TURNEY rose and objected to the gentle-
man's proceeding, inasmuch as the Chair had de-
cided that it was out of order for him to proceed.
The CHAIR said he had decided that the gen-
tleman was out of order, but as the gentlemnn had
appealed to the House, and no objection had been
made at the time, he had permitted him to pro-
ceed.
Mr. TURNEY. The gentleman did not appeal
from the decision of the Chair to the House,
therefore he cou'd not proceed without leave o! the
House.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON then asked leave of the
House to proceed.
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and nays on
this motion, which were ordered.
Mr. JAMESON wished to know if it was com*
petent, at this late stage of the proceedings, to raise
a point of order of this kind? The Chair had, on
yesterday morning, made this decision, and after it
had been debated for a whole day, the gentleman
comes forward and raises a question of order this
morning. Why did he not do so on yesterday
morning, when the decision was made? And as the
gentleman had not made it at that lime, he con-
tended it was not in order for htm to make it now.
If this course of proceeding was to be adopted, the
House might be ihrowB into inextricable difficul-
ties. Questions might be brought up and discus.«.ed
i ft>r weeks, and jnst when Ihe House was about
coming to a decision, a question of order might
be raised, which would open the whole qae.stiou
up anew.
Mr. W COST JOHNSON then read his pro-
posit.on lo the House, and stated that it was b i«ed
uprn the Constitution, and hoped it would always
be in ( rder to defend the Constitution.
Mr. AT11ERION wished to know, as the
Chair had decidfd the gentleman to be out of or-
der, whether, if ihe House granted him remission
to go on, he would not be ptrmitted to go on out of
order.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON thm withdrew his
point of order, and appealed from the decision of
the Chair of yesterday. He was sorry his propo-
sition should create any uneasiness in the mind  of
any gentlemen He would assure gentlemen «hat
he had not made this question with a view of cre-
ating any delay, but with a view of bringing it to a
speedy conclusion.
