64
Mr JAMESON wished to know of the Splaier
whether it was in order for a gentleman now, after
a question had been acted upon by the House, and
debated for two di>s to take an appeal, un-
der the general parliamentary law. H  wished
to know whether the gentleman ought not to have
made lhat motion when the quemón was first
brought before the House. He contended that it
was not in order for the gentleman to take an ap-
peal at the present time.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON then withdrew his ap-
peal, but gave notice that he should wtroducs his
proposition at the earliest possible period.
Mr. WISE then obtained the floor, and was
about proreedine with his remarks, when
Mr. BEATTY raised a point of order, whether
the gentleman from Virginia, under (he thinj-fifth
rule, which declares that no member s>hall «peak
more than twice until all the other members who
choose to do so hare spoken, was entitled to
speak?
Mr. WISE denied that he had spoken at all on
this question.
Mr. BEATTY would appeal to gentlemen
around him to say whether the gentleman from
Viretnta htd not spoken twenty times on this same
subject since the second of December.
Ihe CHAIR said the tl irty-fifth rule was not
adopted by the House, and would not apply to the
present case.
Mr. WISE then took the floor, and addressed
the Hou-,e at great length on the subject of his
resolution.
He thought that they had been fighting under an
equaljconiest, but  within the pa«t two days, two
gentlemen, who had proressed to be in fa vor o/ ihe
New Jersey gentlemen with certificates taking their
seals, and  who had previously voted upun that
principle, had deserted, and thought pioper now to
take a different view of it.   He did noi, however,
wish to shoot them as deserters, though he deeply
regretted the loss of their votes.    Mr  VV. said the
Administration party had defea*ed  them by the 'ie
vote, and had   tied up the Consinution and laws
But he regretted exceedingly to have to cotnp'ain
of the friends of the New Jersey Representatives
who held the certificates  Well might the gen Ionian
from Nonh  Carolina [Mr. Rayneb] on je^Vrday
exclaim, spsrkmg of the friends of State Rights
doctrine • " Save me from my fr/e nds "   Th  gen-
t'eman  from South  Car.] na. [Mr   Rh^tt ] who
professed to be with ns   made  ?n appeal to the
House to proceed wi h  the  business.    Pie a^Ued
that gentleman what was the business of ihe Ilou'e;
what wa< the  first thing  proper for  them to do?
The first  ihing was to organiz , and lo ?ckRow-
ledge all rightful representation, and then adopt it
here. He must say,that for thedela) of us organiza-
tion, that gentleman was more responsible than
any other membei; yes, more than any ten mem-
bers on that floor.    It was not w ith   a view of im-
peaching  that gentleman's  motives, (hit he made
him  responsible to mike his position good.    But
for that gentleman's course,   the House   would
have   bten   organized, and   the   members   from
New Jersey wuull have teen admitted days 8?o.
That gentleman's course, however reconcilcable to
hirmelf, was irreconcileableto him; and had been m-
consis'ent throughout every state of the proceedings
of the House; and he had found that his votos w ere
too soon, and his speeches too late.    Mr. W then
went into an exarai fiat ion  of Mr   RS voles,  his
sub«equ<nt propositan, and the  three propositions
of h mself, and the decisions on them, for the pur-
pose ol showing t'at Mr   k'á coarse «as not re-
concileab'e wuh the ressms he gave a few days
ago for a  change   of it      He hoped   (he  gen
tleman wtuld  pardon  him  fcr be ng thus parti-
cular in «canning hi« course      He was one ot the
few on wht m he relied—his vote, heavy or light,
kicked Ihe beam; and ibis gentleman  would theie
fore excu e h m in having thus qee^noned h-s votes
as he had. f What reason the gentleman could h ve
had for vo'tng /or his (Mr. W\) d rect proposition,
sob.tart'ally the same as lhat he subsequently voted
against, he could not conceive. Certainly he wonld
not a*cnbe it 10 persom' vanirtv.    So it was, he
has giren as not ce, that after having voted f. r the
proposition once, and voted against it, hs would now
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
vote against us; and on whatgrounda -on ihe grounds
of res judica'a. It was known to us all, he said, that
on the dtscusMon of the Mississippi question, we
were all d.sgusted even to naiuea with th's mju-
¿•cata. Mr W. then referred to the caw of Massr*.
11   Claiborne and Gholson, and which  was, upon P.n
'    ex f ar'e report, decided that they should be qualified, ,,
and which dicMon he considered etroneous.    Mr.   I
W. then commented on  the manner in which Mr.   (
R. applied tbrm jttdtea'a.                                         ij
He then denied that the principle had been ad-
judged, and that   it   was res judicata.   He then
went on and contended  that the Home was in an J1
imperfect state of organ'Ziiion, when the decision  '
!   was   mad-1; that the   members ¡were rnot sworn; I
there was no Speaker; and lhat they were not then   I
'   competent to decide, having taken  no oath as ihe   i
i    Confutation requ red.   The mattt r was non cortitn   I
'   jtidic; and, therefore, there could be no legal de-   ¡
I    crion.    lie then went on toexphin what consti-
II   tuted a House if Representatives, and considered   '
I    three things essential to   i'j 1«t, representation; 23,   |
I     organizan m, and 3d,  legislative power, and any ,,
II   thing -hort <>t that was not a Hms'     He said, in
I   tV fi st place, when the decis,on  of the House
It was made, that body was mere'y an assemblage of i
'' members elect, and had not the power even to send
1 for the President', message, or communicate
j wi'h ihe Sena'e—.t had no Sergeant-at-Arms, and
could not even protect itself from a mob. In
i  calling the  gentleman  from  Massachusetts   [Mr.
AdoisJ lo the Chair, and in adopting rules of pr - ¡
j   ceedin?, it merely  instituted pannmen-ary   pro-
ceelinf-s i< r the  purrio-e of o'gamzttnn.     He
continued at some length ti show tlvt, btf >re they .
were organ zxl and sworn, they weie n:>t a House
of Representatives.                                                     |
The question, he sail, hid  arisen in  this ci«e,
whether we c\n go behind ihe Governor's cartifi-
cak?    We are,  under   the Constitution   of  the
United S ate*, the j'idges of election, qualification,
and r tums ofmenuers.    NovV, st, what does the
1   v ord "returns" mean?   The gemleman fro n South
I    Carolina, [Mr Rhett ] the other dry, in one of |
|    the ablest efforts I ever he?r'iitin  make, commit- |
,    ted but one mistake, and that  w-.s, the distinction
between Ihe return and the c mmis«ton     The only |
i   (ne me.ii.t in the Constitution, was the return from
|    the St tie to the Speaker, tbe commissi ¡n of the j
j    Governor Was the return con emplated by the Con- ¡
Mitutton, ani so wi   the certificate of a sheriff in
Virginia.    There wasnodis* notion between them, I
at d Mr. W. went on to argue this point, contend-
ió? that the re'urn, co'i'emplated as a return to the
House, was the nlnmite return, and not the subor- i
dinaie returns from the jidps of ehcMons to the
Govfrmr.   The return behind it belonged to the
Str-te nself, and to her atchives, over  which Ihe
House had no control     The Stale authorities may
make the ultimate returns what they please, and
we have no authority lo prevent it.      B.U gen ] - j
men ins st that there are other return*—that there
are re urns from the county curt  e'erks ta tbe
Governor and Council, that you   may gi behind
these ultimate returns, and go  to the subordinate   '
returns, which belong to the State.     Gentlemen   I
assume that there were tmbord nite returns ot the
clerks, which were suppressed.      He denied lhat
there ws anv evidence that ihey were«upnre*sed__ I
not dreming newspaper evidence,  or  the  oertifi-   '
cates ol the Secretary of State, such evidence, not i
bem* authonz^d by the  laws   of   New   Jersey   |
A*atn, the admissions of ibe gentleman from New
Jeisey, Mr Randolph, were relied on as evidence   i
Were we constituted a court of justice, to take evi-
derce ore tenus, and was he cross-exam¡ned? Wp>s
the Hoii'c Tying the cause?   Again, if yru take   I
part of the evidence, you must lake all.
He then went into a history of the Millville and   j
South Ambovietum*, and argued that, according
to the laws ot New Jersey, these returns were not
excluded  by the  Governor.    He  denied that the j
Secretary of Stale was the keeper of the returns of |
the judges of eleclions; and, consequently he had   '
no right to certify respecting them     Mr.  W. then
went on to answer lhat part of Mr. PjcKEAs\>argu- '
ment, m regard to ihe power of Ihe States to purge '
the poll , after they were cemted,  hieh argument
j#he considered a novel and extraordinary doctrine,
and referred to a law of Virgin/a, now repeated,
which constituted a commission to examine the
polls which may have been taken by the shenfl*,
and with power to strike out the names of all w hu
were not entitled lo vote. He said the eentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens,] a State
Rishts man, had pronounced that law unconstitu-
tional
Mr. RIVES «aid his colleague had quoted a
law, which, in consequence of its bad efTecls, had
been rep*aled.
Mr. WISE inquired of his colleague whether he
said that this law was repealed because it wa^ un-
constitutional.
Mr RIVES answered Mr W that the ]?\v was
repea'ed for two reasons. One parti, who opposed
it believed that it was unconstitutional, and the
other party opposed it, because Ihey believed that
such a power ought not to be trusted to persons
who might abuse it. Por llie-e reasons the law
was repealed bv a very large majority.
Mr. WISE thought his colleague was mistaken.
He had another colleague, he said, by his side, who
was in the Legislature at the time, and who said
that no objection was made to the law on constitu-
tional eronnds.
Mr RIVES asked when that law was repealed,
and Mr. Wise replying that it was in 1834, Mr.
R. n joined that he was in the Senate of V'rgima at
the time
Mr. WISE still thought that his colleague was
mistaken, and that the law was opposed by no one
on constitutional grounds; and then went on in t
leng'hy arsnment to show the uncon nationality
of the assumption lhat a State had no right to pass
laws to purge the polls, after they had been taken.
He then went into a refutation of Ihe arguments of
Mr. Dromgoole, the o her day, and, in the first
place, in opposition to the assumptims of that
ger tleman, contended that it was the States that
were parties to the federal compact in the com-
bined senses of territory, Government, and peo-
pls, and not "th  people of the States," as Mr D.
said, who were parties to that compact. This was
the firs'State Rights doctrine that he had learnel.
It was in the aggregate capact'v of people, terri-
tory, ard Gev<*rnmem combined, that these Slates
were parties to ihe Federal compact. Th s wis
the doclr n-* he had always entertained, and it was
the docttine of Mr Madiwn He then proceed 'd
to answer Mr. D's arguments throughout, and
comnrnted on the precedents cited by that gent'e-
man, which he contended did not sustain Ihe posi-
tions assumed by him.
Mr. W. concluded by withdrawing his own pro-
position, and, in compliance with a pledge made to
Mr. Turney, who had yielded to him the floor, re-
newed the proposition of that gentleman, and called
for the previous qnestion npon the same.
[Mr. Turney's proposition was, in substance, to
refer the subject of the contested seats to the Com-
mittee of Elections, when appointed, and that
neither party of the claimants should be entitled to
seats until the committee shall have investigated
and reported npon the same.]
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON then raised the point of
or ler. which he had waved this morning, and
hoped it would not be considered out of order to
support the Constitution of the United States. He
contended that the previous qn st<on could not be
n oved while five gentlemen were at (he bar of the
H"ii e demanding to be sworn.
Mr BEATTY called the gentleman to order,
and required tbat he should reduce hti point of or-
der to writing.
Mr CHAPMAN asked if it would be in order
n'-w to take up his motion to recon ider the vote
by which the resolution for the adoption of rules
wa* laid on the table.
The CHAIR said thatr wonld not be in order,
because the gentleman 'rom Maryland had the
floor opon another question.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON ihen submitted his point
of order in this form: "The rrotion to take the
previous question is not in order until the ru'es of
the Honse are adopted, and when there are mem-
bers present who desire to be sworn in." Mr. J.
was proceeding to debate this question, and was
referring to (be law of 1789 in regard to the admi-
