CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
his colleaane hid appealed, becau-e he alleged |
that the House could ii.t-rtain no question while
the membeis from New Jeisey were wait.ng to be '
sworn in. Tne g\ml -man ft,om Tenuessee would
see that he wouki make confusion worse con-
founded, if he succeeded in showing that the
greatest latitude should be allowed to the debat-
now, because such latitude must be allowed after
the decision of the House that the previous ques-
tion shall be put. He was lor confining the Hou-e
to the single proposition then bef.ue it, which was
ths appeal of his colleague. When that ques ion
was decided, he would be willing to meet the gen-
tleman from Tennessee with his authorities. The
gentleman from Massachuset's was entitled to the
floor to discuss the subject of the appeal taken by
his colleague; but he was not ¿uihonzed to indulge
in the latitude of debate wh.ch he had thought
proper to lake.
Mr. BELL said he understood all that had been
said by the gentleman from Maryland, and agreed
with him; and he was proceeding to show that the
play was not worth the candle, whi'e tne propo-
sition of the member from North Carolina was the
most rational one; for the moment the question of
appeal was decided, and the previous question se-
conded, the gentleman from Massachusetts could
have the greatest latitude of debate allowed him.
For his own part he had no objection to ceei ling
the question of appeal at once, and to &fnrm the
decision of the Ciuir. He would also go for the
decision of the Chair that the question before the
Hou?e involved the very question as to the admis-
sion of lhe New Jersey raemb rs.
After some remarks fiom Mr. MERCER on lhe
point of order involved,
Mr. AD\MS, by gencr.il consent, resume! and
concluded his remarks, when
Mr.  RHETT   addressed  the Hou^e at some
length,   in   reply to the  remaiks of Mr.  Wise,
charging h'm with having acted inconsistently  in
regard to the Ne-v Jersey members, and in reply
to the remarks of Mr.   Adams; but his remarks
were   indistinctly heard by the   reporter.      He
commenced by saying that, in his observations the
other   day,   he  had   expressed the opinion  that
when we had then passed a resolution, refusing
to the N«w Jersey  members seats, we  were a
House of Representatives, and he had stated far-
ther, that being a House, and having adjudicated
on the case, it was contrary   to   parliamentary
usage to take up the same case again for adjudica-
tion.  No gentleman who had addressed the House
since, had controverted this position.   Tne case of
Claiborne   and   Gholson,    referred    to   by   the
gentlemen   from   Massachusetts,   had   no   ap-
plication   at   all   to    the     present    case.      In
that   case,   seats   had   been   given    to    those
gentleman at one sess-ie n, and 'he next -ses-ion ths
decision had been reversed, and certainly one Con-
gress had the tigit to rever e the deci>ion of a for-
mer session.    What he cont-nded for was thi«:
When the House had  orea made a dec sion, and
determined upon a question, it was rot competent
for   any gentleman, according  to pariiamentary
law, to bring up that proposition  again: and that
proposition had not been controverted.    But the
gentleman from Massachuse U held  that it was
contrary to morality, and contrary to what was
right, for him (Mr. R )  to  held to  this opinion.
Then, said Mr.   R.  according to this doctrine, if
toe House has done wroap, in my view, in malting
a decision, I mast not act according to parliamen-
tary usage, but must go directly against it, for the
pnrp;s? of accornp i-hin?  what I believe  to be
right    Is   this   the   principle   which   gen'lemen
desire f>at 1 should   act   upor,?   He   would not
question    the   cmluct   of   any   gentleman    on
this  flocr—he   wiu'd   condemn   no man  here;
but while he did not do this he would certainly ex-
ercise his own views as to what became him as a
member on ibis floor, disregarding the options or
the sophistry of any ma".    Us had sai I further,
when he addie30ed ihe House the other day, that as
the people were looking to thi* body to do some-
thing speedily, and as the  great ínteres of  the
country required us to act, he was prepared to sup-
port that proportion which wou'd  bang tlm d -
tote to a speedy terminaron.    With a view of
getting at the  business which was ot such vital in-  [
t-resl t > the cjuntiy at large, he felt bound to sup-   '
port that |r.>po>itiui, whatever it might be, which
would preclude debate.
Wiui regard to this New Jersey case, he did not
estimate it as some centlemen seemed to do. He
considered thit the House, having the power to de-
termine, did determine it; not disfranchising the
people of New Jersey, but as he understood, even
by the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. W se] himself, it was to be made a matter of
contested election, to be decided by the House here-
after, in the proper and constitutional manner.
Then it can be no disfranchisement.
He had never contended that the title, which
gentlemen laid so much stress upon, should be vio-
lated. On the contrary, he had contended that we
were to be the judges of the title, and that that was
the matter which we were bound to dtcide
upon. The House consented to this course in the case
ol Messrs. Nay lor and Ingersoll. The titles which
both these gentlemen held, were read, and he had
voted for Mr. Nayl r. This was the course i re-
posed in regard to the New Jersey members; and,
in this case, he had held that you could not inva-
lidate the title, but were bound to look in'o it.
Well, sir, «hen y u came to look into the papers
en the Clerk's table, what was the slate of things
presented! I.i the firct place, there was a certifí-
cale of title from the Governor of New Jersey; se-
condly, an impugnment of that life; andthrJly,
a certificate mat tint impugnment was coir<>ct.
The House tcok up ths matter, and upon this
evidence, decde 1 that the fue members, having
the certificate of Governor, should not take their
seats. Then the position whuh he maintained
was, that the matter had been abjudicated upon by
a competent btdy; and could gentlemen doubt the
cor.ectne&s of t'n  poM ion? Was t'is the House
of Representatives, were u e members of Ccngress,
when we made this decision? If we were not
members of Congress, as had been contended by
ihe gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] then
he rgreed that our determination of the question
was null and void. But if this was a House of
Representatives at the time it made the dcosioD, it
wat perfectly competent for a to adjudicate the
matter; and, having done so, that adjudication
mu^t be final until the question was brought up as
a matter of contested election. The gentleman
from Virginia, and other gentlemen, had charged
him with inc. n^tenxj; but when gentlemen make
those charges, they should recollect tiat they who
li^e in glass houses ought not to throw stones.
When gentlemen made charges of inconsistency
against oihers, they should be certain that their
o*n coutse was consistent. It will be recollected
that the ge uleman from Virginia has declared over
and over again, in debate on this floor, that the
House has made no decision upon this question,
and that there was no Hou-e to make a decision;
yet that gentleman had introducid resolutions in
that body which he declared was no House, calling
it a Houte, and calling us the Representatives in
the Congte s of the United States. The gentle-
man's first resolution, introduced before the gentle-
man from Massachusetts was called to the Chair,
read asf illows-:
Resolved, That the Representatives of ihe Congress
oj the United Hales new assembled, to relievp them-
selves from the embarrassment and difficulties
which at piesent obstruct the organization of the
House, will proceed, by the Acting Clerk, to call
the names of gentlemen wh >se riahts to seats are
not disputed or contested; and, after the names of
such members are all called, and before they pro-
ceed to elect a Speaker or other officer, or to orga-
ni¿3 in any manner, they shall, provided there be
a quorum of such present, hear and decide upon all
cnd'ntials, cert'fuates, or commissions of persons
claiming setts in the House of Representatives under
the Constitution of the United States and the laws
of the respective States.
Hire t:.e gtn'leman confesses that we were at
that time the ''Representatives of the Congress of
the United State-;" and  in  the latter part of the
!  resolution l.c sreA-s of the di puted menjb¿rs as
1   "claiming seats tn the Home ot Representative ;"
and he grants that Hou^e the power, by his resolu-
tion, to "hear and decide" upon all credentials,
letii'icaes, and c mmissirns, of persons claiming
seas Here, then, the gentleman granted that the
Home could exercne judicial power at the time
he submitted his resolution, because he made it, or
attempted to make it, the dUv of the House, by
his resolution, to "hear and decide" upon the cre-
dentials, certificates, or cemou-sions, of the five
members from New Jersey. This was the ground
taken by the gentleman from Virginia in, the first
instance; and he (Mr. R.) with this resolution be-
fore him, and wiih other proprsitions which had
been made to the Home before him, had submitted
a proposition to the House at a later period in the
following word;:
Resolved, That the House will proceed to call
the nami s of gentlemen whose rights to seats are
not disputed or contested; and alter the names of
such members are called, and before a Speaker is
elected, they shall, provided there be a quorum of
such present, then hear and adjudge upon the elec-
trons, returns, and qualifications of all claimants
to the seats contested on this floor.
This resolution, as he had stated at the time of
introducing it, was substantia ly the same as that
presented by the gentleman from Virginia; sub-
stantially the same as the one presented by a gen-
tleman from Kentucky; and .substantially the same
as the one presented at the last session of Con-
gress by the gentleman from Massachusetts;
and he did expect that it would meet with
the support of tho:e gentlemen. He had
expected that every one of those gentle-
men would rally upon this resolution, and
he never had expected that those gentlemen would
stand up and oppose, much less had he expected
that they would rise up here and deny, the doctrines
set ftr.hin their own resolutions, and deny that u
was erher right, proper, constitutional, ir parlia-
mentary for the House to make a decision on die
question at that time.
Mr. WISE rose to explain. By the resolution
of the gentleman from South Carolina, which had
jast been read, the House was to decide on the
"elections, returns, and qualifications" of claimants,
and he denieJ the power of the House, at that
stage^togo into the elections.
Mr. RHETT. The ground the gentleman took
in his argument was, that we had no right to aelju-
dtcate on this matter, but by bis resolution he yield-
ed the power to the House to hear and decide upon
the commissions of all claimant-'.
Mr. WISE rose again to explain. Ha con-
tended now, as he had contended before, that th«
Clerk was the ministerial officer to compare the
credentials which the gentlemen from New Jersey
brought here under the laws of New Jersey; and
wh n we deposed the Clerk, we bxame .he minis-
terial officers. We then became the ministerial
officers to hear lhe credentials, and decide upon
,hem—that is, to decide whether they conesponded
with ihe laws of New Jersey; and his position was
thit we could decide nothing else; therefore it
was, that he had used ihe terms ctedentials, certifi-
ca es and commissions.
Mr. RHETT resumed. When this resolution
of the gentleman from Virginia was presented, he
(Mr. R ) was asked by a member of th? House
whether tt covered all ihe papers on the Clerk's
table, the certificates of the Gove rnor.the certificates
of the Secretary of State and all other papers on
the subjcc'; and when the gentleman from Virginia
found that it did cover all these papers, he with-
drew his resolution. Now, when he (Mr. R.) pro-
posed his resolution, he made use of tne terms
"election*, returns, and qualifications,'* because
he thought they were the appropriate terms. Hs
contended that the House had again and again
exercised judicial power. When the question in
regard to the Pennsylvania election came up, the
Clerk, by the consent of the House, read the cre-
dentials on both sides. He did not adjudge
whether Mr. Ingmsoia or Mr. Natlor was «in-
tied to the seat, but the House decided that Mr.
,  Naylor was en'it'ed to his seat.   The gentleman
from Virginia had said on Jf^^^Jfid
1  tleman font Pennsylvania  (Mr. Naylor;
not   be   turned  cut   except by  a ^         ^
,  third*;   but,  sir,  how did   he  get
