€8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
so firmly, but by the adjudication of this
House, and that, too, at a tme when the
gentleman from Virginia had contended that the
House could not adjudicate upon any matter, be-
fore a Speaker was elected, before the rol had
b:en called over, and before the oath ha 1 been ad-
ministered to the members of the House. Mr. R.
then read two or three other resolutions, which had
been submitted by the gentleman from Virginia at
different stages of their proceedings before a
Speaker was elected, in all of which that gentle-
man had used the terms "the House," or "the
House of Representatives," and upon all of these
reflations the action of the adjudication of the
House had bren asked. Was it possible that gen-
tlemen should bring forward proposition after pro-
position, and ask us to decide upon them, if w«
were not a House, and had not the power
to adjudicate ^upon any question? Was it
possible that gentlemen would be guilty of
the absurdity of bringing forward proposi-
tion after proposition, which they believed the
House had no power to decide; for it will be re-
collected that nearly all these propositions were
brought forward by those gentlemen who held that
this body had no judicial power to determine the
matter presented to it.
He had no desire to condemn the course of cer-
tain gentlemen, with regard to their course on this
question; but if he might be permitted te express an
opinion, he would say, withoutjhesitatioD, that they
had exhibited but very little parliamentary skill.
The had this matter in their own hands—they had
a clear majority in the first instance in favor of the
members from New Jersey, holding the Gover-
nor's certificates. Then how was it, that when
they came to a vote, there was a tie upon the
question? He would ted gentlemen how it hap-
pened. When the members of this House first as-
sembled here, they only looked to the abstract con-
stitutional principle; and by so doing, there was a
majority in favor of the New Jersey members
taking their seats upon the returns of the Gover-
nor; but when gentlemen threw so much embar-
rassment in the way, and went on from one step tj
another without coming to any decision, the minds
of many gentlemen here began to turn away from
the abstraction, and look into the right and equity
of the matter. There was no doubt if geotlemen
had marched up to the question at once, they
would have had a majority in their favor, but by
sheer bad management and want of parliamentary
■bill, they had lost from ten to fifteen votes. And
even at the last moment, when victory was still
within their grasp, the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Wive] and his friends were defeated by his
unskilfulness in submitting the question, havin°-
offered an affirmative proposition, instead of a ne°
gative, and losing it by a tie vote.
Asrain: a proposition had been brought before
the House by the gentleman from Virginia, "Ttut
the credentials of Messrs. Avcrigg, Maxwell,
Halsted, Strattow, and Ycrre, are sufficient to
entitle them to seats no , leaving the question of
contes'ed elections to be afterwards decided by the
House.    Well, be (Mr. R.) had vot*d for this
resolution, although it was rejected by the House;
and when he voted for it, he intended to stand by
it.   But what was the course of gentlemen on the
other tidel   Did- they leave the question of con- i
tested elections to be afterwards decided by the I
House?   No, sir.   They did not.   The gentleman
from Viiginia made a question of membership by I
asking the Speaker to swear in the New Jersey <
members.     In doing this, he   did not   pretend '
to say that the gentleman did any thing wrong; I
but  when   he   had   voted   for   a   proposition
to leave (be   question of contested elections to I
be afterwards decided by the House, he would ask i
jf it was consistent in the gentleman to refuse to !
Jeaye that question to be afterwards decided, and to
make a question of membership, by   asking the
Speaker to swear in those persons.   The gentle-
man from Virginia had not stood by his own re-
solution; and with what face could that gentleman
f targe him with inconsistency.   Was he (Mr R )
to be charged with inconsistency, because he stood
SL¿Ü E!i "i10"5*?/ ™u,dnot ^«nge as some
other  tad changed?   He trusted not.   Mr. R
held that the House had the power to adjudicate
upon the question with regard to the New Jersey
members; and having done it, it was not competent
fr-r the House to bring up the  same proposition
again.
Mr. CHAPMAN obtained the floor, and moved
that the House take up the motion to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution for the adoption
of rules was laid oa the table.
The CHAIR dec:ded that this motion was not
now in order.
Mr. CHAPMAN appealed from this decision,
and moved the previous question on the appeal.
Mr. JAMESON moved to lay the appeal, and
the questions connected with it, on the table; but
was understood to withdraw his motion.
Mr. TURNEY inquired of the Ciiur, whether
it was in his power to withdraw the resolution
which the gentleman from Virginia, according to a
previous understanding, moved for him, and what
would be the effect of withdrawing it. He wished
to know whether it would not leave before the
House the motion of the gentleman from Alabama
[Mr. Chapman] to reconsider the vote laying on
the table the resolution for adopting the rules.
Mr. WISE thought the resolution having been
received by the House, could not be withdrawn,
without its consent.
A desultory discussion on the point tf order here
ensued, in which   Mes'rs. CHAPMAN, BELL,
TURNEY, WISE, and  others, took part; when,
Mr. TURNEY asked permission of the Housj
to withdraw his resolution.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina called Mr.
Turney to order.
Mr. DROMGOOLE ob<erved that there was no
question of order. The House was without rules,
and therefore, no question of order could be raised.
He now submitted to the Chair this proposi-
tion; whether a motion 10 adopt rules for
lie government ofihe poceedings of the House,
did not override all questions of order? 1 now,
(said Mr. D.) propise that we adopt the rules of
the last House of Representatives.
The SPEAKER said the question before the
House was, whether the gentleman from Tennes-
see should have leave to withdraw his resolution;
and
The question was then taken on granting to Mr.
Turnev leave to withdraw his resolution, and it
was decided in the affirmative.
Mr. CHAPMAN then rose and asked what was
the question before the House?
1   _ Mr. EVANS of Maine having risen at the same
j  time, the Speaker said the gentleman from Maine
was entitled to the floor.    Mr. Evans then pro-
! ceeded to address the House atsome length, contend-
ing that there could be no question before the House,
until   the gentleman claiming seats   from   New
Jersey were sworn, and   that  the Speaker was
wrong in receiving any motion whatever, except 
ing this motion respecting the qualification of the
New Jersey members.     Mr.  Evans having pro-
ceeded at some length,
Mr. CHAPMAN called him to order, and said
that he had no right to address the House on the
question of swearing the New Jersey members,
when the only question that could be in order, was
his motion for a reconsideration.
Mr. EVANS, by the decision of the Chair in his
favor, continued his remarks for some time, when
he was aeain interrupted on the point of order.
Mr. CHAPMAN appealed from the decision of
the Chair, and reduced his point of order and ap-
peal to writing, as follows:
I call the gentleman from Maine to order for
this—he is out of order in attempting to speak at all
on the question, which is tbi-: "The member from
Alabama makes a motion to reconsider a vote
which the Chair decides out of order, from which
the member from Alabama lakes an appeal, and
calls the previous question."
Mr. HUBBARD called for the previous ques-
tion; and
Af er some remarks from Messrs. CHAPMAN
and EVANS,
Mr. CHAPMAN aske3 ¡ave to withdraw his
resolution and appea'; which, on taking the ««? -
tion, was 8greed to.
Messr*. EVANS and CHAPMAN then both
risiro- at ,he ¡ame time, and claiming the floor
The SPEAKER srd that the gentleman fi. m
Maine rose in his seat, and the gentleman from
Alabama rose in the aisle; the gentleman from
Maine, thcref. re, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. EVANS then continued his remaiks for a
few moment, when
Mr. RIVES rose to a point of order. He wisnei
to know what question was before the House.
The SPEAKER replied that no question was
before the House.                                     .
Mr. RIVES said he would then submit to the
Chair whether the gentleman from Maine could
make a speech when  there was no question befóte
the House?
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Maine
had the floor and might submit a resolution.
Mi. EVANS said there was a question before
the House, and that was, Shall the New Jersey
members be sworn?
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked the Chair if this
was the question before the House, and whether
the Speaker hid put any such question.
The SPEAKER said that, feeling some doubts
as to the propriety of swearing in those gentlemen,
he had stated the'd fliculty to the Home, and sail
that it would te a question for the House to de-
cide; but he hid propounded no question.
Mr. TURNEY then wished to know how the
gentleman from Maine could go on w-.t'n h:s
speech, when there was no question before the
House.
Mr. EVANS said tV-at as he was about to sub-
mit a resolution, be would do it now, and that
would go to the very quest on he contended was
before the House.
Mr. E. then submitted his resolution, as follows,
after wh'ch he continued his remarks at some
length:
Resolved, That the Speaker now proceed to swear
in the members from New Jersey, who produce the
legal certificate or commission according to the
laws of New Jersey.
Air. SHERROD WILLIAMS then rose and
observed, that it was not his purpose at this time
to enter into a discussion of a subject already ex-
hausted. But he wou'd submit to g.ntlemen
whether the debate had not been protracted long
enough, and whether it would not be better, by
general consent, to take the vole on the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Maine. This subject,
Mr. W. said, had been discusse.l over and over
again; < very gentleman who wished to speak on it,
had had an opportunity of doing so, and some had
sp;>ken several times. He hoped, therefore, that,
by general consent, the deb3'e would now cease,
and the question be taken. It was h'gh time, in
his opinion, that they should organ'zc the House,
and proceed to the transaction of the public busi-
ness. Mr. W. then moveJ the previous questi n
on Mr. Evans's resolution.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to lay the pre-
vious question on the table.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman fro n
Kentucky [Mr. Williams] had called for the pre-
vious question on the resolution of the gentleman
from Maine, and the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. C. JoHXfox] had moved to lay the motion for
that question en the tab.'e. The Chair was of
opinion that these questions could not be filed on
each other, and therefore, the motion of the gen te-
man from Kentucky was first in order.
Rdr. TURNEY then moved for a call of the
House, and the yeas and nays having been called
for, and ordered on that motion, the question was
taken by them, and decided in the affirmative-
yeas 143, nays 58.
The call of the House was then proceeded with;
after which, the number of absentees reported were
ordered to be sent for by a vole of the House.
The absentees appearing, with the exception of
those members who were excused inconsequence
of indisposition,
On motion of Mr. JAMESON, the further pro-
ceedings under the call were dispensed with
Mr. EVANS then modified his resolution, so as
toread that the members present of the Twenty-sixth
