CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
69
Comress, request the Speaker to swear in the New
Jtrsey membr- rs.
Mr. TURNEY renewed the call for the previous
question on Mr. Evans's resolution, and the call
haviag been seconded by the House, the main ques-
tion was put, "shall the resolution pas?' and it
■was decided in the negative—yeas 113, najs 11G,
as fo'lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W Allen, Simeon H.
Anderson, Andrews, tornan). Bell, Biddle, Black, Bond, Botts,
Briffgs, Broclcnay, Anson Biown, Calh iiiii. John Campbell,
William B. Campbell, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden, Claik, Col-
quitt, James Cooper, Mark, A. Cooper, Corwm, Crabh, Cran-
ston, Crockett,Curtis, Ciishms, Davie?, G. D^vis, Dawson. De.
berry, Dennis, Dillett, Edward?, Evan*, Everett, Fi'lmoie,
James Garland, Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry, Gidilmg^,
Goggin. Goode, Graham, Granger, Graves, Green, Grinnell,
Ilabersnam.Itall, Win S Hastings, Henry, John Hill of Virginia,
Ogden Hoffman, George W.~ 1! ipkiiii. Hiram P. Hunt,
James, Claries Johnston, Wil'iam Cost Johnson, King, I aw-
rence, Lmco'n, Marvin, Mason, Mercer, Mitchell, Monree,
Morgan, Calvary Morris, Nay lor, Ni b«t, Ogle, CKborne, Pa'en,
Pe<k, Pope, Proffr, Randall, Randolph, Hariden, llavncr,
Ridgway, Russell, S ltonstall, Se.g-ant, Siinnnton, Sh->,
Truman Smith, 8'anly, Siurrs, Stuart, Talialerrn, Waddy
Thompson, Tillinghast, Toiaud, Tnplett, Tuimbull, Under-
wood, Peter J. Wagner, Wairen, Edwi-rl D White, John
White, Thomas W." Williajns, Lewis Wil'nms, Joseph 1,.
WiUiains,C H. Williams, ¡3. Williams, and Wise—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Jjl-on Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Allier-
ton. Batiks, Beatty, rfirne, Black  ell, Bovd, Brewster, Aaron
V. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, W. O. Butler, S II. Birler,
Bynum, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles,
Connor, Craig, Crary, Cro<*«, Dana, Davee, John Davis,
John W. Davis, De la Montanya, Doan, Doi , Drom-
goole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely. Fine, Fisher, Floyd,
Fornauee, Galhraith, Geny, Giiflin, Hammond, Hand,
Jihn Hastings, Hawkins, John Hill of N. C. lidien, ITolle-
man, Hobres, Hook, Howard, Hubbard, Thomas B Jackson,
Junesor, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Na'lianiel Jones,
John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, I.eaJueUer, I,eet, Leonard,
Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, MrCu'loch, McKay, Ma'Iury,
Marchand, Medill, Millet, Montg, mery, Samiul \V Morn-,
Newhard, Parish, Parmenter, Partis, Paynter, Petrikin,
Picken , Prentiss, Ramsay, Reynolds, Rhett, Uives, Robinson,
EdwardRogers, Sa-nue's, Shaw, PhepaM, A bert Sim,h. John
Smith, Thomas Smnh, Stnrkweatiicr, íte-rrod, S'ion?,
Sumter. Sweanngen, Sweeny, Taylor, Francis Thorna*, Philip
F. Thomas. Jacob Thompson, Turney. VanJerpoel. David D.
Wagener, Watterson, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, and
Henry Williams—116.
So the House refused to permit the gentlemen
who were commissioned by the Governor of New
Jersey to be sworn.
Mr. HOFFMAN said he had prepared a rcsilu-
ti.m, which he was about !c submit to the House,
which embodied the wr-hes cf a large majority of
its members, as recently expressed to him by many
of them. He remembered how anxious the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Thomas] was to have
rules adopted, fcr the purpose of guiding the House
in its proceedings, and lh< Speakfb in his decisions.
Several others of the gentlemen bf the Administra-
tion party we e equally anions, and t'. eir object
was only to have them adtp'ed, for the purpose of
preserving the decorum of debate, ard for relieving
the new Speaker from the responsibility and embar-
rassment the want of them eecasioned. There was
<iu covert purpose concealed behind these avowed
objects. They had nolhing in view but to establish
a sit < f rules ft r the purposes they had mentioned,
and he hnl no doubt, therefore,' bat the res, lusion
he was about to offer, w< uld meet their support.
Mr. II. would observe, however, that there were
many of thrse m'es that were warring wth the
wishes of a majorily of the members; and if they
were, in a body, once adopted, gentlemen wou'd
see how impossible it would be lo get any of them
changed, bfciuse a change could only be effected
by a vote of twr-thirds. He had therefore pro-
posed a resolution to adopt the rules of the !a-t
House temporarily, until a report could be made on
Ihem by a committee, with the exception of
the 11th ru'e, which he proposed to strikeout. Mr.
H. then efferedthe following resolu ¡on, and moved
the previous question en it.
Resolved, That the ¡-tar/ding rules and orders of
the Ust House of Representatives, except the 11th
rule, bs adopted as the rules and order of proceed-
ing of this House for the ensuing ten days; ihat Ihe
rules and orders be referred to a committee, with
instructions to report such amendments of the ^a:d
rules and orders as ihey may deem expedient.
Mr. VANDERPOEL inquired of the ¡fen'leman
from New York what the ll'h rule was that he
propositi to have s'rkken out?
Mr. II'FFMAN repl ed ihat it was the rule
pre' cib.n? ihe viva cree manner of voting in elect-
ing ofliatrs of the Huuse.
Mr. CIUIG a^ked if an amendment to ihe rro-
lu'.ion would be in order after the previous question
was moved?
Tne SPEAKER said that, under the parliamen-
tary law, by which only the House was now go-
verned, a motion for the previous question did not
cut off amendments. A motion to amend the re-
solution would, therefore, be in order.
Mr. CRAIG then moved to amend the resolution
by s'riking out the words "with the exception of
the lllhrule."
Mr. EELL offered an amendment to strike out
the 40th and 41st rules in relation to the previous <
question, which, as it now stood, was liable to great '
objections. He did not wish to do away wi'h this ¡
principle altogether, but wished it referred to a ,
committee to undergo certain modifications.
Mr.  FILLMORE also offered an amendment,
the effect of which th« reporter did not understand;  '
but it was subse quently withdrawn by Mr. F.
Mr. FR1NCIS THOMAS said that he was one
of the number of those who entertained the opinion
that it was not necessary, at this time, to go into a
discussion of the propriety of modifying the rules
under which they had acted for the last two
sessions, with!regard to the manner of putting
the previous ques'ion. He would now content
him-elf with saying that, after experiencing
much inconvenience from the want of them,
the House found it necessary t© adopt the rules
which the gentlemen from Tennessee proposed to
dispense with. Mr. T. thoueht that now was not
the time to go into a crnsideration of these rules,
and thfi the House would find it much more to its
convenience to take them as they existed at the
hst session of CoBgress. To get at a decision of
ths question—to get the majorily with him—he
wou'd move to lay on the table the resolu'ion of
the gentleman from New York, together with the
amendments ihat had been offered to it, for the
purpo.-'e of .«ubmitting, as a substitute for it, a reso-
lution providing for the adoption of the rules as
they stood at the last session. If the Cn*m would
look at ihe parliamentary law, he would find that a
mo'kn tn lay on the table had precedence of a mo-
tion for the prtviuis question.
Mr. BELL observed that if it should be so de-
cided by the Chair that the motion to lay on Ihe
table hsd ibe preceden-e, and that motion should
prevail, he should then object to the gentleman
from Maryland offering his substitute; because,
by the pailiamentary law, you cannot adopt the
substance of the same prt position that was laid on
the talle.
Mr. JAMESON observed that, accordins to the
doctrine laid down by the genileman from Tennes-
see, ihe rest-lnt on of Ihe gentleman from New
York could not be adop'ed, f jr the substance of it
had been laid on fie fable, and ih: tentleman and
his party had pertinacious'y refused this morning
to take it up. Nay, there was an appeal of the
gentleman from Alabama from the decision of the
Chair, that the motion to reconsider ihe vote on
lajing this very resolution en the table cou'd not
be taken up. But all this (Mr. J. sai I) was fo-
reign to the subpet. It was absurd to suppose
that ihey could not adept rules f r their govern-
ment because points of order might be interfo ed.
He vss of ihe opinion that the/ had the right to
adopt rules for thnr government at any time, from
the very* necessity of ihe caie.
Mr. MERCER made a few observations, giving
his opinions on fie subject of order.
Mr. DAVIS of lniliina offered as a subtitule
to Mr. Hoffman's resoluiion, a re^olut'on provid-
ing for the adoption of the rules of the last H< u^e
of Representative-, unU otherwise ordered by a
majority of the Hon e.
The SPEAKER said that the motion of the gen-
t'e-nan from Inc'ima was not in order, as the ques-
t:on v ai on the nmeEdcient of the gentleman ftom
Virginia, [Mr. Craig.]
Mr. BELL here withdrew hU motion for amend-
ment, anl
Mr. CRAIG called for the yeas and nays on the
q 'e 'ioi.
Sir BELL ihrn addressed the House ai leneth
in opp.os lion lo Mr Cm,as amencirrent, appeal-
ing t) l'-e g nt'erre i of the S'af* Pig'iis party to
a?s"st htm in t'e trying the vwn vo'e pr.v.lese of
voting, which he looked upon as a species of Ex-
ecutive whip to be applied to the members on this
floor. One of the e gentlemen the ether day stated
that there had been for several years past too much
Executive action felt in this Governmnnt, and he
would appeal to that gentleman, and those who
thought with him, to se.ze this first opportunity of
striking a blow at Executive influence. He looked
upon this viva voce principle as one of the most
powerful engines of Executive influence, and it
wis essentially important that it should be de-
stroyed. Eveiy man who had been in this House
for the last five or six years, must have seen the
a'arming increase of Executive influence, and Ex-
ecutive patronage, and ihe alarming control which
par'y discipline and party dril had over the members
of this House. He called upon gentlemen of the
State Rights party to join him in destroying this
dangerous agent of Executive influence.
Mr. PETRIKIN observed that he, as one of the
Democratic members of the House who had been
alluded to by the gentleman from Tennessee as be-
ing acted upon by Executive influence, fell himself
c?l'ed upan indignantly to repel the insinuation.
Though he did not pretend to contend with the gen-
t'eman from Tennessee in eloquence and aigu-
ment, he neither admitted him nor any other mem-
ber to be his superior in firmness of purpose or
devotion to the best interests of the country. He
had listened to the gentleman while he was chaig-
ing the party with which he had acted with being
operated on by Executive influence, with surptise
and indignation, and as far as he hinuelf was con-
cerned, he prone unced Ihe charge to be untrue in
point of fa< t. Mr. P. said he boldly declared it lo
be his belief that the viva voce principle of voting
was the true Republican principle, and that the
man who feared openly to expms to his constitu-
ents all h:s votes, was not fit to be a Representa-
tive in Congress; he should be thrust out of the
hall. Mr. P. said that the first motion he ever
made, when he first came here, fresh from his na-
tive Sta'e of Pennsylvania, was to establish this
viva voce principle of voting. He was not listened
to, and perhaps it was because he was not in the
habit of occupying the lime of the Hou e
in brawling speeches; but he had made the
motion because the principle he sought to
es'albsh prevai'ed in the Legislatu e of Pennsyl-
vania. The ie, resentatives t f the people there are
too proud (Mr. P. said) t > skolk behind the ballot
boxes. No; ih-~y never fear to let their coniti'nents
know in what way they give their vites. What!
(said Mr. P.) am I, and the party wiih which I act,
under Executive influence? Are wé under any
other influence than that of our cons' tuenis. Nc,
sir; I retort the charge, and ask if it is not d sap-
poaited ambition—the mortificit'.on of a defeated
party, which poweifully influences t'-sose who now
seek to destroy the viva tote principle? I ask if it
is not the coward fear of walking up te the cha'k,
and openly proclaiming their vo'es to their consti-
tuent-, that opera'es on them? I do not say (con-
tinued Mr. P.) that ihey are operated en by such
influences; but 1 do say, that it is as fair for ns to
make such charges against them, as ft r them to
charge ns with being under Executive influence.
Sir, (.aid Mr. P.) the charge made by the gentle-
man frem Tennessee, is equiva'ent to a cha'ge- of
perjury and fraud—of treason to eur constita:nts-—
and I thererore indignant'y repel it.
Mr. PICKENS observad that, as he had been
particularly appealed to by the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] he desired to make a veiy
few remarks on the topics to which he had al-
luded. He [Mr. Bell] appealed to those gentle-
men who announced the sentiment on (his floor that
there had been, h:retofore, loo much Executive ac-
tion in this Government, and besought them to
aid him in destroying one of the most powerful en-
gines of Executive influence; and asked where th-.t
rule containing the viva voce principle of voting had
¡is origin? Mr. P. took pride in answeiing the ■
gentleman's question. The first lime he (Mr. P.)
recollected that the rule was introduced, was u*
the session of 1834 and 1835, when it was cons .
dered by the mcS' inttllig^t and P ^0" ™™™
the country, that therf was too much ~«f "v* "*
¡ion on the Government.   It was when  ihe g-a*
