bare la-ght the genlencen a le<sm.   Wh t Execu-
tive influence did the gent'eman from Tennessee
allude to?   He was the hst man on earth who
ought to talk on sach a sabjec!.   That gentleman
himself stood on V is floor side by side with the do.
minant party, sustaining Executive influence and
Executive power, dcrmg the highest excitements of
party.   These charges have been made time after
time, for political effect, for the last five or six
jejrs; and never had there been a singe charge ve-
rified.   Sir (said Mr. B.) the idea ttiat we should
not vote vita vote, through fear of Executive influ-
ence, is r.diculous.   The gentleman from Tennes-
see had mistaken the influence.    If there was any
lash more than another that a Representative shou'd
fear, it was the lash of his constituent*, as was
stated  by the  gentleman   from Virginia,   [Mr.
Craig]    That  was   the fear; and it   was   the
f- r of his consti uents,  who  were  net  here to
watch h<s course, that made the viva voce princi
pie objec íonable   to  those  who  wished  to mis-
represent   them.     H     would    confidently   ask
every member present if he ever knew of any Re-
presentative who deserted the interests of his con-
stituents in consequence of Executive   influence.
What had been the events of the last ten years,
a d what were the changes in the principles of
members that they   had witnessed?   Had these
changes been in favor of the Executive?   On the
contrary, had not all of them been in Opposition to
the Administration.    When   he  first came   into
Congress there was a majority o" thirty or fcriy m
this House in favor of the Administration, but
th  e   were   influences  more   potent   than  that
of   the    Executive    at   wcrk,   by   which   that
major ty,   before   the  close of the session, w?.s
dwindled down   to   twenty   or   th rty.     When,
we an i ved here a few years hence, there was an
Administration majority of twenty-five or thirty.
What changes were iheie the   in favor of th-Ex-
ecutive?   None, sir.    Exactly the reverse.   Tnose
who changed, and there were man; of them, went
against   the Executive.   At the last   election of
Speaker, that officer was elected by a majority of
thirteen votes;   bat before the clrse of that session
the Administratis n party was in the nrnority.   Let
me tell gentlemen, said Mr. B. a  fac  worthy of
their notice.   Go where you will, there is com-
plaint—'oud complaint among the people.that their
Representatives have   misrepresented their   will.
Now there  was one strous reason why the viva
voce principle of rotirg should bs retained; and
tint is,  in   tht*   widely   extende 1   country  the
constituents of some of the members, living at a
great distance from them, (in some  instanc s t o
thousand     m'les,)    would     find   it   impossible
other wife  to know how they had discharged the
trusts confi led to them.    What is the gentleman
about to do? said Mr. B.   Is he attempting to do
that wh:ch will give the people an opp munity of
kaowing what ther Representatives are   doirg?
No, sir; he is for permitting them to vote on the
secret piincip'e, in order that they may conceal
their votes from those whose agert, they are; and
some of whom,  living at a distance of two thou-
sand miles, may never hear how their vot-s have
been given.    Mr. B. sa d he hid heard the chirges
of Executive corruption and Exrcuuve pationage
until it had sickened and  disgusted («very honest
man.    Ths peop'e understood the  matter; and,
notwithstanding ihe gent'enen  win mat'c these
chirges had bten  asked agiin and agiin to fut
Iheir finger on a single case of corruption, without
bengab'e to do so, ihe stale charge was still re-
jeited.   Evr-ry facility had been (fieied to gentle-
men to biin? the truth of their charges to light, if
truth existed in them; and }et they were unable to
verify a siügle charge.    He had some respect for
the gentleman from Tenre^fe;, and therefore he
would not apply to him the language which h;s
unfounded charges and  insinuations deserved; but
hewoall pat i to that gentleman whether   t was
cons'sent with his high standing to repeat ;tu<h
charges as Executive corruption and Execitive in-
fluency, without having at least some fotmdaton
for the n.   Th  peop'.r*(sA!d Mr B ) wnr.t informa-
tion, not «>nlv < f the doing? of the r jwn imn.ed a e
R-preret.triye«, but ot tl is wro'.e body. They sra
the treat Conserva'ives of the nation, thot'gh nut
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I the false, treacherous C nservatives, who have de-
serted .'rom the Democratic pdr y.    He could siy,
i  and he was proud of say n_', that nev. r,  in the
course of his legislative experience, often as he had
heard the charges of Executive influence and Ex-
ecutive corruption reiterated here  and elsewhere,
never had he seen or heard the slightest proof
offered to verify the charge. What proof was there
of it?   Gentlemen had made these charges here,
and had repeated them after they had gone home,
but the proof was still as far off as ever.   The ar-
gument of  the   gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wise,] with regard to the superior honesty of the
people, applied with great force in favor of the
viva voce principle of voting.   The people ara ad-
mitted, (said Mr. B.) on all hands, to be more
honest than  their Representatives, and, therefore,
there is the stronger reason why they should have an
¡  opportunity of knowing the course they pursue.  It
1  was all important that the people should know the
votes given by their agents.    It was important that
they should know not only their principles, but the
manner they carried them out by their votes; be-
cause in voting, the principles of men are shown.
i In the State he represented, the people voted by
ballot, and it was right and proper that they should
do so in their primary assemblies, because they
there acted as principals; bat in the case of a mere
agent, as was a Representative, the principle was
different; his vote should be   given   openly, in
order that  those whose agent he was might see
that   his duty   was correctly performed.   There
|  was   another   reason   in   favor   of    the   viva
I  voce method of voting; and that  was, the peo-
!  pie are much eañ°r deceived thaa the Executive.
1  He is here at the seat of Government, andean see
what the Representatives are doing; but the people
at a distance can only know of the votes of their
agents through the publications of the day.   Gen-
tlemen (Mr. B. said) had quoted English exampleá
in   favor of abolishing the viva voce method  of
voting.   Now he was tired of hearing English ex-
amples quoted in an America-! Congress.    Were
i  the members of the Congress of the United States a
1  set of stibjec's? To whom do we owe alb gianc, but
to the inst.t.it ons of our country?   And why should
we fear having our votes proclaimed to the world?
Tne  man who was capable of such  fear, was a
d1-grace to the seat he  occupied.     If gentlemen
weuldtook round them, they wou'd r-ee  th.t nine-
• tenths of tlv*e who had charged  their position*,
had been deserters fre m the cause  of the  people,
and had not changed their course in consequence of
1   Exscntive influence.     This, said Mr. B. is my
i   opinion, and   I am  therefore clearly  in favor of
'  adapting such a sjsleai of voting as will give the.
|   people an opportunity of looking into the conduct
of their Representative .
Mr. REYNOLDS having obtained ihe fit or,
said he felt a deep m'erest in this subject. He had
bestowed upon it much refl ction, and was clearly
satisfied it was the proper and correct mode of
voting to be observed by all Representatives and
agents that were responsible. Each gentleman in
this House, he sni I, knows that he does not act for
himself in hh official and representative character,
1 u' he is here to do the will of tho«e who sent him.
He is responsjb'e to his constituents, and to no
other power on earth; and, as he is rcporsible, his
|  efficial acts ought to be open  to the inspection of
his constituents in all elections.
ii      To prove, said Mr. R. that this system of vo'iog
was the proper and correct mode, he  might refer
!  gentlemen to all the new States, and many of those
i  that had formed new   constitutions.    Experience
and enlightened poliry have convinced the p?ople
of the correctness of this doe'rine, and, therefore,
the cita voce system has been  incorporated into
'    most of the  constitutions  that have been recently
formed or amended.   If he was not mistaken, this
■   principle was found in the constitutions of Michi-
gan, Atkansa«, Tennessee, North Carolina, Vir-
ginia, and other Sta'es in this Union.    It was also
made the rule in cur sister  Republic, the Govern-
ment of Tejas.
I'", s,.il Mr. R. there cou'd ex'st a doubt in the
mmd of any one on the policy of this measure, the
experience and enlightened views of ail these Go-
vernments ought   to   dispel   thoio doubts,  and
71
convince   every  one    of    the   correctnesss  of
j| the    doctrine.     If   this system be   not correct,
¡   the people at thi? day, when the science of self-
I government is better known and more appreciated
, than at any former period, would soon abandon it,
and recur to   the old   and   secret   manner   of
balloting.
In the State of Illinois, this system had been
adopted for many years past, and it was found on ex-
perience to be not only just and right, but also ex-
tremely popu'ar. He believed no Representative
of the people of Illinois would attempt a change of
this rule in our General Assembly. It was due to
the people they or we represent, to spread on the
journals our votes in all elections. He hoped the
intelligence and good sense of this House would
not hesitate one moment in the adoption of this rule
of voting, if other great and important subjects
were not attached to it. It is saddled with a very
"deep water" subject of politics. Some gentlemen
' had stated that it woukl assist the Executive in-
fluence in this House, which was already too
great; others contmd that bank influence is as great
' and even greater than Executive power in the
House.
These subjects ought not to weigh on this pro-
position, and prevent i's passage. If this system
of voting be correct, the maxim of the ancients
ought to apply, " Let justice be done if the
heavens should fall."
He cou'd not see in what manner this system
could aid either the Executive or the bank influ-
ence. Neither influence would operate on him,
and he presumed other gentlemen were as inde-
pendent as he was. Ii was only the influence of
ihe people that he would regard and bow to; and
I it was the same with all other Representatives, he
suppoied.
He disagreed with the gentleman from Virginia,
1 [Mr. Wise,] and others, that the vito voce system
was the best system for the people, and ballot for
the.r Representatives. He thought the reverse
was best; that is, ballot for the people, and viva voce
for their t fficial agents.
The people, he said, are responsible to no earthly
power for their sovereign act of voting.    The
sovereign  power is rightfully  lodged with them,
and they are, by the forms of our Republican Go-
vernments, enabled to exetcise that power without
any responsibility, except to their own consciences
and to the Supreme Being.   This being the fact,
the people have the  undoubted right to vote in
any manner that best pleased them.    In the ballot
sy^em, the voter could exerc;se his free will and
choice better than by vica voce.   If he pleated, he
.   ne 5d not le t any one know his political preferences
or choice.   It might happen that a voter was in a
i situation to incur ihe displeasure of some one, if
,   he should vote viva voce, which by the ballot sys-
I    tern he could avoid, and vote his real sentiments
II   without any restraint whatever.
! Notwithstanding this view of the subject, many
i entertained a different opinion. In the State of
Illinois the people, as well as their representatives,
voted viva voce, and no inconvenience was expe-
rienced by the public. No injury would ever be
experienced by the people of Illinois, if they re-
mained as free, equal, and independent, as they now
were.
The situation,he said, of the Representative was
quite different from his elector.    He was the crea-
ture of the people.    He was the  offspring and
miniature of- his constituents.    He was always
1   presumed, in  theory and practice, to speak their
voice and sentiment;; and if he did nGt, he wss
I considered guilty of a breach of political faith, and
i  vi dated not only the form, but the substance, of our
i representative  system  of   Government.     These
i   statements being admitted by all to be self-evi-
1   dently true, was it not also just and proper lo
l   preserve the evidence and truth of the official acts
I!  of the Representative?
)       It would be idle and nngatory to make the Re-
presents ve accountabh to his constituents, if "h-re
i   weie no evidence or proof preserved of his- official
Ii condnc'.    The p*op e have a r ght to have the best
ev i lenee of .he official acts of theit ag< n s, and that,
w s th? records and journals of their prrceauing -.
I   The  iw voet system of voting, he constclerM, w *
