72
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
but carrying out the p!a n, common sunse meaning
of the Constitution. That mstiument c< mpels the
vote of each member to be recorded on the journal
of the House, when icquesed by one-fif h of the
members present. Tnis wa? considered one of the
most wise provisions of the Constitution; and tn
prac ire and exper ence for more than half a cen-
tury, it was h ghly approved by the pec p'e. Did
not every one observe with what gre it a> xiety the
people hoked to the journal for the votes of mem-
bers on all important measure '' This, he thought,
was a practical and common sense proof of t *e pro-
priety of the provision in the Constitution.
The same princip'e and policy, he said, was
contained in that instrument, when it prescribes
mat the proceedings of Congress shall be open and
public, with some few exceptions. It was a prin-
ciple based on these political truths; that the peo-
ple are sovereign, and their representatives respon-
sible to them; and to record the votes of members
in elections by the House, was nothing more nor
less than carrying out the above principle of a re-
presentative form of Government. An election
was often much more important than any other
measure, and the people have a r ght to know what
vote their representative had given in one case as
well as in the other.
The Constitution, he said, also required a jour-
nal of the proceedings of Congress to be kept and
published. This journal was a record of the
facts, raad and corrected every morning. This
provision in the Constitntion was a strong argu-
ment in favor of preserving the votes of members
in elections, and puhli^hujg tnem to the world.
As he befoie obterveJ, he ft It an interest in lhe
adoption of this system of voting, a«d he had no
particu'ar object to answer ¡n its passage except
the common good of lhe country, and the preser-
vation of a lundamental principh of our Qo\ em-
inent.
He had the honor to present a similar resolution
to the. House on the day before Chri t nas, 1834;
and did then, as he now did, support it for the cor-
rectnessandjusfceoftheprincip'e itself. There wat
then strong insinuation made, that he introduced it
for the advancement of the interests of the printers,
Messrs. Blair and Rives, when the fact was, that
he scarcely knew either of the gentlemen; and
neither then, nor now, had either oí them the least
influence on him in that transaction. He acted
jrom a conviction that the interests of his constitu-
ents reqaired it, and to carry out, in his opinion,
their sentiments and wishes on that subject.
The course of no gentleman present surprised
him so much as that of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr, Wise.] Judging from his actions end
speeches in the House, he would be well pleased
to Jet his constituents know all his official conduct.
He does not seem, to be willing to be silent on any
important politicaPscjEasion. He would have sup-
posed he would be theürst on the list of friends of
the viva tepe system. He\as, however, mistaken,
and was sorry for it.             x
Mr. R. said the gentleman [Mr. Wise] was also,
in his opinion, mistaken in supposing the p ople
were the only honest folks in the woild. He thought
the great body of the people were honest, and he
thought their Representatives in Congress were also
honest. He did not pretend that the Congressmen
here before him were like the angels from heaven;
but he believed Ihey were like other human being ,
jubt and honest. If they were di^hone.t, the ordeal
of elections wonlJ prove it, and they would be
permitted to remain at home. He pretended not to
say that every man who was defeated in an ele tion
was dishonest. That might be one cause of de-
feat.
In 1834, the House were not doing much, and he
thought a   Christmas frolic was nothing am s<;
they had one, that lasted for sevtril days.   He
put the resolution in the hopper like a miller woul J
his corn, but it was not ground out. A though a
majority was in it-, favor, }et it did net pass, as his
recollection served him, on account of some of the
rule   of  the House requiring two thirds of the
members to vctt for it.    He hoped this motion
would not meet the same fate—to be lost; but that it
would sue eeil, and this rule be made the Uandiitg
prder of lhe Ht-Uie forever.
Mr. PROFFIT commenced with a quotation
from Shakspeare, which the reporter did not
hear. He was suiprtsed, he said, that on a
question as to the manner of voting, that the
three million appropriation should have been
brought np by the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Pickens] which he thought hal very htt'e to
do with the que-s'ion. He did not know how he
should vote on this que-ticn; he was in favor of
the vivavoce principle of voting, and so were the !
people of his Sta'e; tut if h? saw that it wou'd bi-
nefit his party here in any way, he would assuredly
give his vo'e for the ballot ^lem. He had, how-
ever, no concealments to make. He was ready to
say now, that whether the vote was taken viva voee
or by ballot, he wou'd neither vo'e for Mr Garland
or for Mr. Blair. He would not vote for Blur any
how. His friend from South Carolina [Mr. Pickeí^s]
had referred to ihe Harnsburg convention, and
said that there was a comb namn of ínteres s theie,
one of which was the banking ínteres'. There
was ene other inteiest to which the gentleman al-
luded, without naming it, and he should be obliged to
him if he would siy what it was. If thecentleman
meant the Abolition in'eiest, and a dark ins nua-
ion had teen thrown out in other qnaüe s that
Genera Harrison was an Abolitionist, he would
take this occas on to say tint it was a base slander.
If the gen leman mejnt that the Harnsburg con- '
vention was urder Bank influence, he would ,
further say that that convention was compo eJ of
as pure and upright men as ever trod the
earth—as pure as any tj be found in that
hall. But he would ask if there wee nore
of the members of the Administration paity
who were under bank influence. Haw ma-
ny of the present leaders ot the Adminis-
tration paity voted for the Bank o( the United
States? He would name a few of them. Here
Mr. P. gave a list tf the gentlemen who, he said,
voted for thelateBankof the United States, and said
he could go on with the list and find more Bank cf
the United States men among the members cf the
Administration party than in the Opposition.
Then, on the subject of State banks, have we not
(said Mr. P.) the messages of '34, '35, and '3G,
recommending State bank* as the te^t fiscal agents
that the Government could employ. The speech
ff the gentleman from South Carolina, with his
niuendoes abjul combinations of interest*, re-
minded him of the fag end of a Democratic
stump speech, delivered to a dozen men in a
barn. But the gentleman d d not understand
his trade; he had left out the very best part of
a stump speech, and that was "the silk stockinrs,"
"Nick Biddl-," "moneyed aristocracy," and "the
monster " Why he could m^liP, Mr. P. said, a
better stump speech himself. The gen lemán ui'ght i
well have fears of the Harnsburg Convention, for
he could  ay that that convention would sweep ail |
before it. Like a fire in a westein prairie, it
wculd advance and extend over the whole Union.
Mr. P. then gave a list of the States, which he said
the Harnsburg convention would bring over to j
General Harrison; and after speaking of the glories
of Tippecanoe, the Thames, and the River Rais n, |
said there was one combination that he was glad '
the Whig party had got rid of, and that was the
Calhoun combination—the Nulnfi?rs. He was !|
glad, he *aid, that his party had shaken ihem off,
and that they had no men in their ranks who would
desert their posts, because the victory would not
enure to their party. Mr. P. after «aymg that
there were a number of the rules, which, in his opi- |
nion, required an amendment, moved that the
H >use do now adjoutn.
The yeas and nays having teen called,                  It
Mr. PROFFIT said that, as ih* yea1  and nays
had been cullel, le would withdraw hi. motion.       |
Mr, GRIFFIN then lenewed the motion fer
adjournment and teller^be ng called for, M;s«r-s.
J. Garland and Lewis were a¡ pain'ed, who, on
taking the queslion, reported—ayes 103, nce>
79; so—                                                                      .
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Saturday, December 21, 1839.
Mr. ROB lis SON gave notice lhai, as soon as it
would be in o-der to do so, he would ask leave to
introduce a bill for the relief ot A. G. S.  White.
Mr. PRESTON gave notice that, at the earliest
day it would be in order to do so, he wou'd a^k
leave to introduce a bnl for the relief of GeLeral
Croghan and General Wocl.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturda y, Dec. 21, 1839.
Immed ately of the readirg of the journal,
Mr. JACKSON of New Yoik rose and said:
I observed, in looking over one oí the newspapers
this morning, that my narre was not reported
among the yeas and nays on the passfge of the re-
solution introduced bv lhe gent e.nan lrom Maine,
requesting the Speaker to administer the oath to
the certificate claimants from the Stite of New
Jersey. I was present, and voted in the negative.
I wivh to know whether my name is so recorded
on the journal.
The CLERK stated that the gentleman'^ name
was recorded in the negative.
Mr CAVEJOEINSQN asked leave to submit
the resolution moved by him the other day to ap-
pi int a Committee to/wait upon the Senate and
the Pres dent, wi h a view of obtaining the Presi-
dent's ntessagp.     /
Mtt MITCHELL objected, and the resolution
could not be received.
,     VIVA VOCE VOTING.
On jesteiday Mr. HOFFMAN submitted the
following resolution, vvlich was the fiat biibines-,
in ordei         ¡
Resclied, Jths.1 lhe stamiin? rules an 1 oiders of
the last H 6se of Rppresentatives, except the 11th
rule, be adopted as the rules and order «if proceed-
ing i f thi-> House for the ensuing ten days; that the
rules and orders be referred to a committee, with
instruc'ions to report «uch amendments of the said
rules and orders as they may deem expedient.
Mj. CRAIG had moved to strike out of the
above resolution the words "except lhe lllh rule,"
that being the rule by which members were re-
quired to vote for ail officers viva voce, and this lat-
ter motion was the qcesmn pending.
Mr. HUNT referred to the question which
had prevented the organization of the House for
three weeks, and expressed the opinion that, not-
withstanding the delay which that quebtion had
occas oncd in proceeding to the discharge of the
public business, ihe discussion upon it would have
a good effect throughout the country. He urged
upon the House the propriety of immediately
ailopting rules for its government, but opposed Ihe
adoption of the rule in relation to viva toce
voting. That system of voting, he said, had its
origin in another country. He contended that it
was introduced into this House for the purpose of
enabling the party in the majority to put upon gen-
tlemen the party screws. It had been argued by
some gentlemen on this floor that we should adopt
this mode of voting to enable our constituents
to judge upon all our votes. He agreed withgentle-
men that thty ought to vo'e publicly on all the great
measures of legislation, but he denied that they
aught to do so in the election of officers of this
House, who were the mere servants of the House.
It might be proper enough to vote publicly on the
election of a Speaker, because he occupied a high
and exal'ed station, but he would ask what interest
could the people take in the matter, as to who
should be the Cleik, Sergeant-at-Arms,Doorkeeper,
or Printer oí the House. The people took no inte-
rest in this matter, and he could see no reason why
the old and long established system of \ oting by
ba'lot, should be departed from on the present oc-
casion.
Mr. TILLINGHASr would suggest to gentle-
men, as it uas very desirable that the House should
have rule  for its government, and as the gentleman
from New York had moved to adopt the whole of
the rules of the last Congress, except one—one hur-
dred and thirt)-sight out of one hundred and ihirty-
nine; and as there was no objection to these one
bundled ar.d thirty-cightrules.ihat the House ¡.hould
immediate'y adopt the motion of the gentleman
from New York, and then if it was necessary to
have such a rule as lhe lllh, the vivavoce rule,
