,^^—*******   111  — ■■■        lllim      H~       II       ......                   '      II             1—l.fc..   ■!■! !!■■■■ "   —      'III     M
any gentleman could more to adopt it, and then ihey
would hare rules to govern them in their delibera'
tions upon it, and would have the previous ques-
tion, too, to cat off debate, if it should become
tedious. This, in his view of the matter wculi be
the most proper course to pursue, and he hoped
gentlemen would make no objection to this mode
of proceeding.
Mr. SALTONSTALL was as anxious as any
gentleman in the House, that the body should be
organized at the earliest period possible.    With re-
gard to the delay in the organization, it was occa-
sioned by the argument of a great constitutional
question, and he was williug as one of the minority
te take his share of the responsibility ef it; for al-
though the question  was decided contrary to his
feelings and opinions, he believed the argument up-
on the question would be productive of much goo J.
With regard to the question before the House, he
objected to vica voce voting, because it was an in-
novation on the long established  practice of the
House.    It was also, in his opinion, contrary to
the practice of the   Constitution, although some
gentlemen had held a different opinion here.     It
was well known that in the Constitution, the word
ballot is used in regard to the eteiion  of a Chief
Magistrate.   When the election of a Chief Magis-
tiate devolves opon this House, the Constitution
says it shall be by ballot. Thus it will be seen that
in the highest and most important election which
this House can make  the Constitution says, it
shall be   by  ballot.     This   being   the case, he
Coo Id not see how gentlemen should hold the opi-
nion that trica voce voting was in consonance with
the   principles   of    the   Constitution.     He   ad-
mitted   that   it   was   proper   that   the   votes   of
members   of   this   House    should   be   record-
ed   on all   public   mea>ures,   and   the Ccns'itu-
tion provided for this by declaring that it should be
in the power of one-fifth of the members piesent to
call for the yeas and nays.   Thus f .r the Consti-
tution had made provision for public votirg, but
bo farther.   With regard to officers of the House,
it was a mere incidental matter.   When we meet
together here we meet as a body of the people, and
have the right to make choice of such s ervants as
we please, without being held responsible  to the
people in regard to this matter.   The people care
nothing about it, and would never make any in-
qairy in relation to it.    His constituents would ne-
ver call upon him to know who he voted for as
Clerk, Sergean'-a'-Arms,  Doorkeeper, or Printer.
There was not a man among his constituents who
would catechise him thu?; and if there should be
one who would do do so, he would freely tell him
who he voted for; whether his vote was given by
ballot or viva voce.   He ht Id that viva voce voting
* in the House was objectionable, because it had the
tendency to eftvet a parly organization;  and he
contenJed that there should never be suh an or-
g& izaion in the House.    The officers of this
Huu<e shonld never be the tools of a parly.    In
addition to this, it placed high minded and hono-
rable men in a delicate si ua'ion, and subjected
thera to be  held  up in  the public press as tni-
to;s to party.    Besides, gentlemen received a great
many courtesies from the  officers of the House,
aid it might seem unkind to be voting publicly
against those officers, al hough they might think
ohers more worthy or more capable.
Mr. BELL addresseJ the House at some length
in reply to gentlemen who had spoken on this sub-
ject }e>terday, anl in vindic .tion of his own con-
duet on seveial occasions. He c?n'ended that the
secret ballot in the House was necessary to protect
gentlemen on this floor from the influence of the
Executi/e, and prevent them from being made the
subservient tools of Executive will asd power.
But it was still more necessary to protect them
from the great cmt.al heir's nan at Washington,
whose ire was even more to be dreaded than that
of hi Executive himself. He had known men on
this floor who had the phj s cal courage to march
rp to the cannon's moufi, yet ihey had not the
c urage to biave the denunciations of the party
press; they neverccu'd be brought up to that stick-
iag point. These men, loo, he h 11, weie. some of
the 6e?t men io the cou.nr/, and he contended that
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it was necessary to adopt the ballot as a protection
to such men as thee.
Mr. CUSHING rose to make a few remarks
with regard to the adoption or rather the continua-
tion of the rule under discussion; and he did so be-
cause, upon referring to the course  of gent'emen
on this question, he found that those who opp ¡:ed
the adoption of the rule in relation to viva voct vot-
ing were his political associates, and those who
supported it were the friends of the present Admi-
nistration and his political opponents, and on this
question he differed with his political friends.  This
question was partly a question of principle, and
partly a question of paity   expediency.     If it
was   merely   a  question  of   party   expediency,
he   should   doubt   with   regard    to    the   course
to   bo   pursued;   he    would    vots    with    his
parly associates; but he regarded it as a ques-
tion of principle, and as a question of  princi-
ple it must override party expediency.    In the first
I place, with regard to the question of piinciple, he
j conceived the  members   of the Congress of the
United States   to be public agents, and as public
agents, bound to let their acts be known to thfir
principals.   We are the agents of the people.  The
members of the' Senate of the United S'ates are
the agents ©f the States.   The members of the
House of Representatives are the   agents ofthe
people of the Slates.   That he held to be the fun-
damental    principle   of   our   Government   re-
cognised  by   the   Constitution.      Sir,   what  are
Representatives'?     They are   men    who   repre-
sent    others—men   who    speak   on    behalf  of
those whom   they rep>e'ent.    We   are here to
repre ént   our   constituency.     Well,   who   aie
the    constituency?      Tho-e   who   appoint   and
constitute.    Our constituency  are the peop'e who
appoint and cons'itute us their agents and repre-
sentatives ¡n this House   and our votes here ate
not our own vote*, but they  aie simply th« votes
of those who sent ns here.    But his colleague hsd
asked if our constituents had not sent ns here free
agents.    Undoubtedly they did, but they sent us
from a previous conviction of the harmon) ofonr
sentiments  with their  sentiments;   and,   in   our
votes here, we must represent their   sentiment*,
otherwise we are not  their representa' i tes.    He
repeated that we were the representatives of our
constituents merely, speaking their voice; and that
voice should be a publ'C voice, not a secret, not a
clandestine voice, as it were, but a public voice, in
the face of the  world, and in the face of heaven.
Such was the gen?ral piinciple; but he held it to be
the constitutional principle also.   The Constitution
of the United States, in the fifth section of the first
article, provides that "the yea* and  nays of the
members   of   either   House,   on   any   question,
shall,   at   the  desire   of  one-fifth of  those pre-
sent,   be entered   on   the   journal."    This   was
the   general   principle  of   the   Constitution   ap-
plibable to all cases presciibed by the Constitu-
tion, excepting  one ¡-ingle case, whi -h  is in the
election of a President of the United Stales, wl.i'h,
in  another clause, the  Constitution says  shall be
by ballot.  That insertion   of an express exception,
was an implication of an  exclus-ion  in all other
case3.   The Constitution makes a single excep-
tion as to the vote by ballot, in the case of a Pre-
sident of the United States; and this he held to be
an exclusion of that mule ia regard  to all rther
votes.    Perhaps he would be told  by some gentle-
men  that there was no express provision  in the
Constitution as to the  mode in which the officers
of this House were to be elected. But, sir, is not the
choice of officers of this House a vote?    Do we not
vote for a Clerk? Certainly we do; and as a general
principle in the Censtitution, that vote should be a
public vote.   In fact it had been a public vote on
more occasions than one in this House.    It had
been  assumed by the gentleman from New York,
and by his colleajue, that the introduciien of the
viva voce voting into this House was an innovation
on existing usages, which was to be apprehended.
He,  however, did not fear innovations.   He had
heard it said that  momrchs dreaded change; the
people   never   did.      He   believed   in  change,
in innovation, in reform, in improvement.   This
was  the spirit  of a   Derrocracy,   the spirit of
a Republic,  and  it  was   not  to  be dreaded.
73
We must change, we mast improve, we mu>t
innovate, and he was not to be frightened
with this cry of innovation. Time is chang-
ing, men are changing, the world is changing,
and we must change with the changes of the times;
we must advance with the changes ofthe age, or
the tide of public improvement will leave u$ be-
hind high and dry, and instead of innovating to do
right, we will be innovating to do wrong,
by refusing to keep up with these improve-
ments. Then whether this was an innovation or
not, he was not to be alarmed by it; but he denied
that it was so much of an innovation as
some gentlemen apprehended; for he could
show gentlemen case after case in which
a Ckrk had been appointed by resolution
j on which the yeas and najs might have teen call-
;| ed. There were a multitude of cases where ofli-
'i cersof this Hou?e had been appointed by resolu-
Í lion, and it would be competent, at any time, to
! move a resolution to appoint a certain officer, if
I; there was no rule to the contrary, and one-fifth of
j the members might call the yeas and nays upon it,
i which would mike it as much of a public vote as
i by any other means. But even it this mode of
i voting viva voce was an innovation, he w?s pie-
pared to justify that innovation. AVhtt is the ob-
jection to it? We are told by gentlemen that Ihe
vote by ballot is necessary to secure mem-
bers against external influences, and fivm Ex-
ecutive influence. But it would seem, from the
remarks of gentlemen, that this external influence
was not merely„ Executive influence; for his col-
league, and ihe gentleman from Tennessee, had
very justly told the House that Executive influence
was in many cases exerted through parly organiza-
tion, which orgarization constituted one of the
greatest tyrannies under which men in this country
labored. But in regard to all the.-e objections, if it
was necessary that we should have a ballot in or-
der that men might give a secret v«te for officers of
this House to free them from Executive oppression,
he put it to gentlemen to say if the same argument
would not be good to exclude from the Constitution
Ihe right of having votes taken on all measures by
yeas and nays. If it was important that we should
have a secret vote for a Cleik or any other officer,
to protect men, was it not ten timts more impor-
tant to protect them in regard to public measures?
He contended, therefore, that the principle of De-
mocracy, and the princip'e of the Constitution of
the Uniied States, was public voting—votiHg in the
free of the House, in the face of the world, in
the face of our constituents, who are to judge of our
vote , and see whether they are in conformity with
the declarations which we made at the polls. All
our votes here, not only in regard, to mea-
sures, but in regard to men, ought to be pub-
lic and open, so that every man might
see and judge of them. But it had been said by
his col'eague that this election (f (ffictrs was a
mere incidental matter; that the peoplecaied nothing
about the matter as to who the servants of ihis
House weie to be; and his colleague had said that
his constituents would never make any inquiries
of him in rsgard to this matter. He agreeJ with
his colleague, that his constituents might perhaps
never inquire of him whom he voted for as officers
ofthe Honsf; but, with regard to this being an unim-
ponant question, he would ask his colleague if there
were not hundreds and thousands of questions quie
asun:mrortant,onwhichone-fifihol themembrrsi f
the House called for the yeas and nays, and their
names were recorded upon ihose questions and per-
peuiaed upon your jourr.a's. The gentleman from N.
York [Mr. Hunt] &a>s tint iheofticersof ihis House
are mere servants, and it was, therefore, of little
moment how they were elected; but, *ir, ihe Con-
stitution associates these officers of the Hou>e in
terms of expression, which,perhaps, were not prc-
^ent to the gentleman'^ mind «hen he spoke «f
them. Tte Constitution says "the House of Ce-
rrasen at i ves shall choose a Speaker and elktr
(fficers." Mr. C. asked the House, which had
teen struggling for ihrre weeks to effect an or-
gan zatien—he asked ihe country whi. h had been
looking to us with anxious eje , if the choice ol¡a
Speaker was not an important qnes'io..? Ye,,t)e
Breaker is ote of a,otn other efflevs in r^ard to
i
