n
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the manner of who^e election the Constitution
mikes no express provision. He held that the
e ection of Clerk, Sergeant-a'-Arms, and other offi-
cers, being associated in the same clause in the
Constitution with the Speaker was no trivial
question, but was a question of the first magni-
tude—one of the highest personal questions which
come before the House, except when the House
was exercising judicial power in impeachments.
The gentleman from New York who had intro-
duced this question, had rererred to the practice in
o'her nations, and to the fact that the introduction
of the system of voiiag by ballot in Great Britain
had been hailed by the friends of popular right*;
and the inference he presumed to be drawn from
this was, that as that system had been haüed by
the friends of popular rights in England, it must
have a tendency to advance pipular rights in this
country. In regard to thi*, however, he would
take issue with the gent'eman. He denied that
the ballot in this country had a tendeucy to ad-
vance popular rights. We were too apt in this
country to look to England for precedents. We
are too prone to inquire what is the prac-
tice in the mother country, forgetting that
that country is a monarchy, and her Parliament
frequently overruled by an aristocracy. When
hi went to that country for precedents, he
must be sure of the ground on which he stood in
regard to those precedent?. He would beg leave
to call the attention of gentlemen to the ballot sys-
tem of England, which had been hailed by the
fr ends of popular rights. That system was the
ballot system at the polK No one proposed that
the members oí the House of Commons should
vote secretJy. The members of that body vote
publicly as we do. But the ballot system which has
advanced popular rights in England, if the ballot
system at the polls. The population of England is
made np, piincipally, of two classes, namely, of
tradespeople, and tenants who reside on the lands
of the ari>tocracy, and the system of ballot was
introduced to protect them; to protect a tradesman
from losing the custom of persons whom he might
offend in voting publicly, and to protect the tenant
from having a written ejectment served on him the
morning after an election, if he voted against the
wishes of his aristocratic landlord.
But there is another country, the customs of
which show us that one mode of voting may be
most condusive to public liberty in a monarchy,
while another mode may be most conducive to
public liberty in a Republic ora Dt m ícratic Go-
vernment That country was Fiance. In France,
not only the votes at the popular elections are
given by ballot; but ti«e votes in the Chamber of
Deputies are by ballot, and not recorded by yeas
and nays, as they are in this House. Well, sir,
what is the reason of this difference in practice be-
tween this country and France? It mn<t be fami-
liar to every gentleman. Whilst, by (he Constitution
of the United States, all Executive officers are ex-
cluded from this House, it is known that in the
House of Commons in England, and the Chamber
of Deputies in France, Execu ivo officers are ad-
mitted, and hold seats there—officers of the army, of
the nary, and ministers of State, occupy seats there.
These men, therefore, who are liable to be dis-
graced, and have their offices taken from them by
the mere word of the king, need the ballot system
as a pto'ection; and in such a body thus organ zed,
the ballot may le most conducive to popular
libe'ty. But did such a sta'e of ihings exist in this
country? No member of tl.H House cou'd be de-
prived of his commission, or of any of his privi-
leges, at the tneie will of the Executive. He was
not responsible to the Executive, but to his consti-
tuents. Thi* was the difference between a republic
and a monarchy.
He would repeit, that if this question was a mere
question of party  expediency, he might desire to
vo'e w th his political friends.    In fact, such  wete
the influences of pirty, that he might  perhaps  be
induced to go fur this motion to restore >he ballot
«ys'em if he could  make >u e that any thin  was
to b- gained by r; and he m ght come af erwaids
into the Houie, and say that he had voted fgaiast his
©nvictions c{ what he believed to b? the true
principe?, bot was ¡r.djce.i to give ih/m up in the
expectation of obtaining a great public good. But
he would now say that he did not ste what good
was to be accomplished by it. Latt year, when
he did sacrifice his convictions at the instance of
his paity funds—when he did vote upon this ques-
tion as a matter of expediency, he found that the
viva voce vote was carried by a large majority,
and he could not anticipate that there wcnld
be any change at the piesent time. But
suppose ther  is a change, what object is to
be gained by this change? Although it was not
distinctly stated, he supposed it might be inferred
that there were some gentlemen who wished to vote
with one party secretly, while they acted with ano-
ther party publicly. Is that the object which gen-
tlemen desire to effect'? Is it their object, that
while some gentlemen appear to the world to be-
long to one party, they are in fact secretly voting
wiih another party. If that was the object, he
could not yield to such considerations. It
seemed to him that gentlemen misstated the opera-
tion of this thing. It may be viewed in respect to
persons attached to the Administration, or it may be
to persons eleaied by the Opposition. Now, sir,
to whom is the individual attached to the Adm.-
nistration to look, if he departs from the Adminis-
tration? He is to look to his constituents. Indi-
viduals about leaving the Administration, which
has the power of conferring upon them honors and
distinctions, must look to their consiituents, and
endeavor to retain their confi lence and favor.
Then the matter was between the repre?entative
and his constituents, and his vote should b? a pub-
lic vote. The constituents should be ab!e to see
the votes of their Rep esentatives and compare
them with their professions before they come
here. He held, therefore, that the sy*tem
of viva voce voting in th.s House was most
congenial with our ia.-t.tutions, and with the
Constitution of the country. He remembered
a remark of a Senator in olden times, which was
applicable to this case. The person alluded to
had elected a magnificent dwe ling house in a very
public situation, and this was denominated by
sorxe of his acquaintances an ostentatious act. Not
so, replied he; I only placed my house under the
eye of my constituents, so that they might see
me in my daily walks, and judge of my whole
life. That was a true answer. We are the Repre-
sentatives of the people, and shculd give cur votes
in the face of the pe.^p'e. Trie pe p e have a r'ght
to be sit sfied with rejard to all the vo'es if their
Representatives. This was his doctrine, and in
addition to this, he deprecate', as a party man, and
as a Whig, the association of t .eir party with an
unpopular side of the question. Then, asa qurs-
tion of parly expediency, he contended that the
Wh'gs ought to go for the viva voce system, be-
cause that wvs the popular principle.
Mr. FILLMORE said tie had not supposed that
a constitutional lawyer would have contende 1 that
the viva voce mode of voting was the constitutional
mode. He thought, if any inferences con Id be
drawn from the Constitution, they were decidedly
in favor of the ballot. It was well known that the
liberal party in England bad long contended for the
vote by ballot; and whj? Because the influence
exercised by the aristocracy and the rich land-
holders renders voting there a mere form, a mock-
ery. And though these influences were not felt
here, there was an unseen influence pervading this
hall—the influence of party drill and party orga-
nization—that Moloch upon whose altar we
are offeiing our first born daily, and whose
grasp was qnite as strong and as merciless
as the despotism of the eld world. If in Eng-
land men were deterred from voting in ac-
cordance with their sentiments, by the fear of their
hndlords, he would ask if, in this House, the e
were not men who were deterred from voting a?
their consciences dictated, by the fear of the denun-
ciations of the party press? The writ ofej c mert
would be issued as promptly in one case ot disobe-
dience, as in the other. Jf the ballot was neces-ary
in England and France to protect the voter from
the vengeance of the aristocracy or the soveregn, it
was just as necessary here* we had only to put the
President ia place of the Crown, and the necessity
was the tarite.   He thought the ballot was a good
system; and it was the old and long-tried system,
having been the only one in practice until within
the last year.
Mr. ALFORD then addressed the House, wi h a
view, as he said, to eet them to stop talking and
proceed to business. His impulses were penodcal.
Last Saturday afternoon he had appealed to them
to put a stop to discussion, and the appeal was fol-
lowed by the election of a Speaker. It was Sa-
turday evening again, and he would now appeal
to them to proceed to complete the organization of
the House. For his own part, he had been ever
taught to believe that the viva voce mede of voting
was the most Republican in principle, and he was
sorry to see his friends opposing it. He thought
that the arguments they used against it were
more those of policy than prinuple, and that
ihe onlyy looked on one side of the question. Per-
haps one or two individuals; who had not the
courage to avow their sentiments openly, migh',
under the shelter of the ballot box, go against ti e
Adminh-tration candidates; but mu?ht not ten er a
dozen professing Whigs, under the same shelter,
go over to the enemy, while they would take good
care the Executive should be informed how they
voted? For his own part, he thought that the
Executive possessed as many chainn f terrors,
and preferred the open manly mode of voting viva
voce. Mr. A. concluded by moving the previous
qne-tion.
Mr. STANLY rose amid 'oud ciies if "(rJer,
order." He said he was not to te put down in
this manner, and he would speak, notwithstanding
their cries of order. IIo then went on 10 say
that bargains weie makirg in this Hall fir the
division of the sp nl-: tint one of ihe candidates fcr
the votes ni the Admimstiation party as pnntir had
offered th.3 other ten or fifteen thousand dollars to
withdraw his pretensions. He then adverted to
Mr. Tickens's allusion last evening to the Harns-
burg nomination, and began reading an exirau
frim the "Emancipator," in elucidation pf his re-
mark1-, when he was called to order by Mr. Co< fer
of Georgia, who objected to reading any extracts
from that paper. Mr. Stanly then said he would
have the passage inserted in his speech when it
was printed. He said that the Harrisburg romi-
nation, in the beautiful language of his friend [Mr.
Proffit] from Indiana, would be like wildfire in
the pranries—it would advance and extend until it
embraced Ihe great portion of the Union in its
influence. He closed, by saying to the friends of
the Administration: "Mourn, sinners, mourn; your
time is at hand, and if you do not retrench and re-
form, an abused and insulted people will soon
call you to account.
The previous question on Mr. Craig's amer.d-
ment being seconded, the mam question was or-
dered, and the yeas and nays having been called
for, the vote was—yeas 142, nays 87.
YEAS—Messrs. Alton!, Judson Allen, Jlugh J. Andersor,
Andrew*, Athenon, Banks, Beatty, Beime, Black, Black well,
Botli, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V. Biown, Albeit tj Brown,
Burke, Sampson II. Butler, William O. Butler, Bvtium,
William B. Campbell, Cjit, Cmoll, Caaey. Chapman, Clif-
ford, Coles, Conner, Mark A Coper, Crabli, Craig, Crarv,
Cross, Gushing, Dana, Davee, John Davis, John W Davis,
Dawson, Deberry, De la Montanya, Dillctt, Doan, Do e,
Dromgoule, Duncan, Eail, Easlman, Ely, Fine, Fish°r,
Fletcher, Floyd, Fornanre, Galbraith, James Garland, Gerry,
Giggin, Graham. Griffin, Habersham, Hammond, Hand,
John Hayings, Hawkins, John Hill of Virginia, Hillen,
Holleman. Holmes. Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson,
Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Leadbetter, Leet, Leanard,
Lewis, Lowell Lucas, McC ellan, McCulloch, McKav, Mallory,
Marcliand, Medill, Miller, Montgomery, Samuel \V. Morn 
Newhard, Ttisbet, Pansh, Parmenter, Pains, Paynter, Petri'
kin, Pope, Premiss, Fiofiit, Kamsey, Rauden, Rayner, Re\.
nolds, Rhett, Rives, Robinson, Rogers, Ss muela. Shaw, Albert
Smith, John Smnh, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Sieenred,
wrong, Surmer, Snearmgen, Sweeny, Stuart, Ta'iaferro
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip F.Thomas, Waddy Thomp-
son, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Underwood, Vanpernoel.
Wagener, Watterson Weller. Wick, Jartd W. Williams
Henry Williams, and Slierrod Williams-142
NAYS-Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Simeon II. An-
derson, Barnard Bell. Biddle, Bond, Bnggs, Brorkwav, An-
son Brown, Calkoun, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden. Clark, James
Cooper, Corwin, Cranston. Crockett, Curtis, Davies, Garret
Davis, Dennis, Edwards, Evans, Eveielt, Fillmnle. Rice Gar-
& r£teJL,?e!i!7,   S,',d:i!. <?• i*1™!'.    Gra"^r,   Gravrs,
