CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
16
TilliMhMt, Tolan.l, Tnrlelt, Trumbull, Pater J ivr gnrei.
W rr n, R1 ar  D While, John Wliu , Thomas W. \\ il-
lnm*. L* n Wi'tiams. J*>eph L. Williams, Christopher H.
Williams, and Wis —87-
Toe queston toen recurring on Mr. Hoffman's
resolution, as amended, it was earned without a
division.
Mr. BYXUM rffered the following resolution:
firaaW, That «he House will uow proceed torth
with to the election < f Sergeant-at-Arm*, Door-
keeper, Assistant Doorkeeper, and Public Printer,
for the present Congress.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. TURNEY called for the p:ev.ous question,
which was seconded by the House.
Mr. STANLY asked for the reading of a law in
relation to the election of Public Printer.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia objected to the reading,
it being out of order.
The prcv.ons question was then seconded by the
Hou^e—ayes 115, noes not coumel.
Mr EVERETT asked of the Chair if a call of
the House would be in order.
The SPEAKER i'eciJed it not in order.
The main que^t on  was then ordered, and th
resolution was adopted.
Mr. EVERETT, it now being in cider, moved
a call of the House; and upon this motion the
yeas and nays were ordered, and were—yeas 137,
nays 76.
On molion of Mr. GRAVES, the House, by
unanimous con' ear, proceeded to call the absen-
tees, and dispensed with oiher preliminary pro-
ceedings.
The absentees having leen called over, Mr.
Rogers of South Carolina, and Mr. Hawes of
Kentucky, who «e;e absent from indisposiuon,
«ere excused by the Hou-e.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, all Autre.- proceed-
ings in the call were dikp?osed wnh; and the House
then proceeded, viva voce, to the e'ect.on of C'erk.
Mr. DROMGOOLE noauna'eJ Hugh A.  Gar-  .
LAND-
Mr. CORW1N nominated Matthew St. Clair
Clares.
Mr. HOPKINS nominated Richard C. Mason.
The Chair hivirg appointed Messrs Corwin,
Dromgoole, Hopkins, and Briogs, as tellers, to
a-crtain the resul', reported that                               :
The whole number of votes was            -       231
Necessary to a choice   -                                116
Hugh A. Garland received     -           - 118
Matthiw St. Clair Clarke    -           -105
Richard C. Mason       -           -           -     8
Th? following is a statement of the vote:
For Hugh A. Gam.and—Messrs. J. Allen, H.
J   Anderson, A herton, Banks,   Beatty, Benne,
Blaekweli, Boyd, Brewster, A. V. Brown, A.  G.
B'own, Burke, S.  H.  Bui'er, W. O. Butler, By-  '
Bum, J. Campbell,  Carr, Carroll, Casey,  Chap-
man, C lflbrd, Cole*, C nnor, Craig, Crary, Cross,  j
Dana, Davep, J. Davis, J.W. Davis, Del a Mon-  |
tanya,  Doan,   Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl,
Eastman, Ely, F ne, Fi-her,  Fletcher, Floyd, For-  I
nance, Galbra- h, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond, Hand,   I
J. Hasfngs, Hawkins, Hill of N. C. ILllen, Hoi-
leman. Holmes, Hook, Howard, Hut.bird, Jack-  ,
son, Jameson,   J. Johnson,  Cave Johnson,  N.
Jones, J.W. Jones, Ke m, KemMe,  Leadbetter,
LeM, Leenard, Lewis, Lowell, Lu«s, McClfl'an,
McCulloch, McKay, Mai lory, Marchand, Merli 1,   I
Miller, Montgomery, S. W.  Morns, Newhard,   |
Parish,    Parmenter,   Parris,   Pajnter,   Peirikin,  |
Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynol 's, Rhet', Riv s,  ,
Robinson, E. Rogers, Samue's, Shaw, Shepard, A.
Smith, J. Snith.T. Smith,Starkweather, S'eenrod,  I
Strong, Sump'er, Sweanngen, Sweeney, Taylor,
F.Th mas, P. F.Thomas, J.Thompson,Turney,
Vanderpoel, D. D. Wagener, Watterson, Wel'cr,
"Wick, J, W. Wil'iams, and H. Williams—118.
For M. St. C. Clarke—Messrs. Adams, A'ford,
J. W. Allen, S. H. Anderson, Andrew , Barnard, !
Bill, Eiddle, B'ack, Bund, Bolts, B"igas, Brock-
way, A. Brown, Calhoun, Carter, Ch nn, Chitten-
den, Claik, J. Ckoper, M. A. Coifer, Corwin,
Crabb, Cranston, Crocket , Cura , Cush'ng, E.
Davids, G Daus, Dawon, Deberry, Dennis, Dil-
let, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, R. Gar-
land, Ga'e!, Gidd.ags, Goode, Graham, Granger,
Gram, Green, Grinnell, Habersham, HalJ, W. 8.
Hastings, Henry, Hi 1 of Va. Hoffman, Hunt,
1 James, Chs. JihnsMn, W. C. Johnson, King,
Lawrence, Lincoln, Maivin, Mason, Mitchell,
Monroe, Morgan, C. Moms, Navlor, Nisb t,
Ogle,Osborne, Palen, Peck, Pope, Promt, Randall,
Randolph, Ranlen, Raynsr, Reed, Ridgway, Rus-
sell, Sal onstall. Sergeant, Simonton, Slade, Tr.
Smith, S anly, S'orrs, Steuart, Taliaferro, Tidinsr-
hast, Toland", Trtplelt, Trumbull, Underwood, P.
J. Wagner, Warren, E. D. Whit-, J. White, T.
W. Williams, J. L. William , C. H. Williams,
S. Williams, Wise, and the Speaker—105.
For Richard C. Mason—Mf«sr«. W. B Camp-
bell, Colqont, J. Garland, Gently, G ggin, Hop-
kins,'Men;er, and W. Thompson—8.
Mr. Garland having been elected Cork, was
qual fled as such by the Speaker, by taking the
oath of offi e.
Th° House then proceeded tooths elect on, viva
eoc«, for Sergeant-at-Arms, the same gentlemen
acting as tellers.
Mr. CRAIG nominated Mr Roderick Dorset
Mr. GRIFFIN noninated Dr. Wm. Jones.
The te'lers reported the following result:
Who'e number of vote?            -           -       217
Nece sary to a cho ce                -           -        109
Roderick Dorset leceived       -           - 141
Dr. Wm. JoívES             -           -           -   76
The follow.ng is a statement of the vote:
For Roderic Dorset.—Mr s^rs. Adams, Alford,
J. Allen, H J. Anderson, A.hetion, BanVs, Bealty,
Btirne, Bdl'e, Black, Biackwell, Boyd, Brewster,
A. V. Brown, A. G. Brown, Purke, W. O. Butler,
Bynum.J Csmpbell, Carr, Carroll, Ca*ey, Chap-
man, Cl'fford, Coles, Colquitt, Connor, M. ñ.
Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Crockett, Cro's, D<i-
na, Davee, J. Davis, J. W. Dav s, Diwson, re-
berry, De la Montanya, Doan, Du'g, Dromgoole,
Duncan, Ear!, Eastman, E y. Fine, Fisher,
F.etcher, Fh yd, Foruance, G-lt>raith, Gerry, Gog-
gin, Habersham, Hammond, Hand, J. Hastings,
Hawk:ns, Hill of North Carolina, Hulen, Holle-
man, Holmes, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Hub-
bard, Jackson, Jameson, J. Johnson, Cave J< hn-
son, N. Jones J. W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Ku g,
Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas.,
McClellan, McCulloch, McKay, Mallory, Mar-
chand, Ma«on, Medill, Mercer, Miller, Mont-
gomery, S. W. Morr s, C. Morris, Newhard, Nis-
bet, Parish, Parmenter, Parris, Paynter, I'e'nkin,
Pickens, Pientiss, Ranvey, Reynold?, Rh°tt, Rives,
Robinson, E. Ro.ers, Samoe s, Shiw, A. S-uith,
J. Smith, Thos. Smnh, Starkweather, Steernod,
Stron?, Sum'er, S*einrg>r>, Sweeny, Taliaferro,
Taylor, F.Thomas, P F. Thomas, W Thompson,
J. Thomrson, TuT.ey,  Undcrweod, Vande poel,
D.    D. Wag'ner, Warren, Watterson, Weller,
Wick, J. W. Williams, H. Williams, J. L. Wil-
liams, C. H. Williams, S. William*, and Mr.
Speiker—141.
For William Jones —Me^rs. J. W. Allen, S.
H. Anderson, Andrews, Bernard, Bill, Bond,
Bolts, Bnggs, Brockway, A. Brown, S H. Butkr,
Calhi in, W. B. Campbell, Carter, Chinn, Ch tien-
den, Clarke, J. Coip-r, Corwin, Cianston,  Curts,
E.  Davie-, G. Davis, Dil'e1, Edwards, Everett,
Fillmore, J.Garland, R. Garland, Gentry, Gil-
dings, G >ode, Graham, Grang-r, G aves, Green,
Gnflin, Grinne'l, W. S. Hastings, Henry, Hill ol
Virginia, Hoffman, Jame , Ch. Johnston, Law-
rence, Lincoln, Marvin, Mitchell, Morgan, N.iy-
lor, Ogle, Pa'en, Peck, Randa 1,' Randolph, Rar -
den, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway, Russell, Salionstall,
Sergeant, S montón, Tr. Smith, £tinly, Storrs,
Tillingha't, Toland, Tnpleit, Tiumbull, P. J.
Wagner, J. Whi'e, T. W. Will.ams, L. Wil-
liams, Wi-e, and Cushing—76.
Mi. Dorset having been elected, came forward
to the Chair and was sworn by the Speakfr         k
Mr. EVERETT sail, as tne House was now
organized by the election of a Speaker and C.erk,
he would suggest the propriety of postporiog a 1
further action under th" re^olu ion for the election
of officers, and pass the usual resolution informing
tie Senate that we were orgauiz d; and concluded
by making the motion for postponement.
Mr. RHETT said nothing could be gained by
the postponement, as the Senate was not now in
cession,
Mr. C. JOHNSON hoped the motion would
prevail, as the House had been in seisioa long
enough.
The question was taken on said proposition by
tellers—Messrs. Lewis and S. Williams acting as
such—ayes 107, nays 86.
Mr. EVERETT then proposed the following or-
der, which was read and adopted:
Ordered, That a message be sent to the Senate,
to inform that body that a quorum of the Hou^e
has assimbled — that R. M. T. Hunter, one of the
Representatives from the Sta'e of Virginia, has
been elected Speaker thereof, and that it is now
ready to proceed to business, and that the Clerk do
go with the sa d message.
On motion, the House then adjourned till Mon-
day next, at 12 o'clock.
IN SENATE,
Monday, December 23, 1839.
A message was received from the Hou-e of Re-
presentatives by Mr. Garland, their Clerk, ínform-
'  ing them that a quorum had assembled, and that
Robert M. T. Hunter, a   Representative from
the State of Virginia, was elected Speaker; and
Í'  that they were ready to proceed_fo business,
i       Also, that the House had concurred  in ihe joint
I'  resolution of the Senate, that a joint committee of
J   the two Houses be appointed to wait on the Presi-
.   dent, and inform him that a quorum of the two
Hou'ea had assembled, and were ready to receive
! any   communications he might   make; and  that
ssr*. Everett  and  Ramsey were appointed said
committee on the part of the House.
On motion of Mr. WHITE,
Ordered, That the petition and papers of James
Sjvit, on  file in the Cork's office, be referred to
the Comirruttee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. YOUNG gave notice that he would, as soon
as the Senate could proceed to Legislative business,
a^k leave to introduce bills of the following titles:
,1 ). A bill granting to the State of Illinois the
, right of way through the public lands of the United
I States, and for other purposes,
i 2. A bill authorizing ihe President to cause the
i reserved lead mines belonging to the Uniied States,
j in the spveral States and Territories, to be void as
i  other public lands.
I      3. A bill for the relief of the widow and minor
heirs at Iavv of Samuel Hill, deceased.
4 A bill for ihe relief of Epraim Sprague.
I        5. A bill foi the relief of James Dutton.
¡        6 A bill for the ielu fof Jane Waller.
j        7. A bill for  the relief of  Thomas £1 Owen,
'   John W. Skidmoie and oihers.
Mr. CALHOUN presente 1 a memorial of Tho-
mas S. Hinds end Jacob Lethe-, praying that com-
mrsi >ners be appointed l y C ngress to examine
and report on the siles at ihe G and Rapids of the
Great Wabash as suitable lor a national armory;
which was referred to die Committte en Military
Afairs.
Mr. SEVIER prcented the petition of Capt.
Aaron Fiizgerald for an increase of pension; wh ch
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MERRICK presented the petition of Sa-
muel Crapier, praying t > be a'lowed a pension for
a disability incurred during the last war; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions
Mr. PIERCE presented the petition of Mary
Fiench, widow ot Benjamin French, who was a
Revolutionary soldier, lor a pens'on; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LUMPKIN presented the pn tion of George
W. Pa«chal; wl,ich was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. TAPPAN presented to the Senate the pro-
ceedings of a meeting of citizens of Cincinnati, re-
con mending the parage of a law by Congress
granting to Madame America Vespucci the right
to enter, at the minimum price, ten «rcuons of land;
wheh was referred to the Committte on Publ c
Lands
Mr. WALL presented a memor.al from citizens
of New Jersey, praying for the establishment of a
port of eniry at Indian Key, Florida; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MERRICK presented the petition of the
administrator of William Banford, praying to be
