*6                                               CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
allowed the commutation due said deceased as a
captain in the army of the Revolution; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims,
Also, the memorial of the Board of Health of
the city of Washington, praying for the establish-
ment of a National Hospital and Lunatic Asylum
at that place; which was referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Also, the petition of the heirs of William Bailey,
a major in the army of the Revolution, praying to
be allowed bounty land and commutation; which
was referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of William
D. Ferguson, praying for a confirmation of certain
land claims; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Clai.ns.
On motion of Mr. SEVIER,
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Gen.
Mathew Arbuckle, now on file, be referred to the
Com mi tee on Private Land Cla'tns.
On motion of Mr. WALKER,
Ordered, That the several memorials of the Le-
gislature of Mississippi, presented at the last ses-
sion of Congress, for the establishment of certain
designated post routes, be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the committee appointed
to wait on the President, and inform him of the or-
ganization of the two Houses, reported that they
had attended to the duty confided to them, and that
the President informed them that he would send a
message in wruiog to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
Mr. BENTON preiented a memorial of the offi-
cers of the Fourth regiment of Artillery, praying
for equalization of pay; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of William
Tumey Tor a pension; which «as referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
AKo, the petition of a number of citizens of the
coumy of Lincoln, State of Missouri, praying for
an amendment of the pre-emption laws; which was
referred to (he Committee on Public Lmds.
Mr. WALL presented the petition of John H.
Mackintosh; wh'ch, with (he papers now on file,
was reftrred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented the petition of
John S. Wilson, praying permission to enter a
quarter sec'ion of lan^; w ich was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lan If.
Mr. C. also offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Conmitiee en Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency cf making
c. m iensalion to Abel Pennington, of Captain A.
Byram's company of N( r h Alabimi voluiteers,
st rvin? in Florida, lera horse, shot by order of the
commanding ffficer in January, 183S.
Mr. LUMPKIN ofltred the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be in^t-ncted to inquire into the
exped ency of* establishing a mail stage route from
Clarksville, Habersham county, Ga. to Asheville,
N. C. via the town of Clayton, in Rabun county,
Ga. and the town of Franklin, in Macon county,
N. C. And also a weekly mall route, to be carried
on horseback, from the town of Lafayette, in
Walker county, to the town of Sa'em, Dade coun-
ty, in the State of Georgia.
Mr. L. in connect on with the above, presented
r solution ; of the Le^islatuie of Georgia, re;om-
mendingth; establishment of slid roads.
On mouon by Mr. PRENTISS,
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Ira H.
Day be re'errrd to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Road<.
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Indiana,
Ordend, That th<> re ition and papers of John
A. Piatt bp rerertel to tie Committee on Claim".
Mr. WALL pa<?e notice that, to-mcrrow, he
should a.sk leave to introduce the following bill :
1. A bill to amend an art en'i led "An act more
ef/Vciual'y to provide for ihe puni'hment of certain
crimes arain&t the United States, and fur other
purposes "
9. A bill to prevent the counterfeiting of any
foreign cojper, gold, iifver, or other com; and t >
prevent the bringing into the United States or ut-
tering any counterfeit foreign copper, gold, silver,
or other coin.
Mr. CLAYTON gave notice that, to-morrow, he
would ask leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Irvine Shubrick.
Mr. BENTON ofTered the following j >int reso-
lution, which was considered, and, by unanimous
consent, agreed tc:
Resolved, That two chaplains, of different deno-
minations, be elected to serve during the present
Congress, one by each House, to interchange
weekly.
The Senate then went into an Executive session,
and afterwards
Adjourned.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina thought it
was perfectly competent for the Hou=e to give any
direction they pleased to this resolution, and that it
would be perfectly ¡a order for the House to su -
pend the order, lay it on the table, or postpone it
indefinitely.
*Ihs CHAIR said the resolution coull only be
introduced by a motion to suspend the order.
Mr. ANDERSON of Kentucky then moved the
following as a substitute for Mr. Stanly's reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the execution of t' e oider rra 'e
on the 21st instant, in relation to the election of a
.' public Printer, be postponed for the present; and
i' tuatthe whole subject of the public punting be rc-
ferrei to a select committee ol five uiembe s, n lth,
inst uctions to inquire into t eexpeJiency of letting
out the printing to tvc lowest t ulr'ei, who sba I
Aim sh satisfactory evi'ence ol his fidelity an i
a' lhty to exec Ue it.
Resolved, further, That sail committee inqui e
into the expediency of sepa atmg the public punting
from the ne^spapei pi esses of the country; ant
that, if expelicnt, they repoit the most piacticable
plan of having tl.e p mtnig execute J.
Resolved, a'so, That said committee report to
1 this H<u-e, wha, amount of money can be iaved
tj the Go /rrnm-nt by the adoption of eithei of the
p'ai s abo.'e sujseU d, and until s«-id c mimttee
-hall make rep it, all futriei proceedings in re a-
tion to a public Printer be  su-pjni'ed.
Mr. Sl'ANLY accepted this av a modification
of his motion.
Mr. ANDERSON only eVired to say a word in
explanation of the motive which had induced him
to offer th's proportion. He was not ro<v in pos-
session of the facts which would enable h m to
speak with accuracy as to the public printing; 1 ur
it had been suggested to him, by gentlemen of ex-
perience, that the public printing of Congress
amounted to about $300,000, and that the profits
arising from it were about thirty-three and a third
per cent. He found, by an examination of the
laws, that the prices of printing had been fixed
many jears ago, and it was now a material consi-
deration for the House to examine and see if the
pricesof material and labor had noi been considera-
bly reduced. He weuld not vote to embarrass the
legitimate operations of the Government, and he
would always vote for a proper, econom.cal ex-
pen 'iture of money.
Mr. VANDERPOEL here rose to a point of
order.
Mr. SHERROD WILLIAMS. Th° gentleman
mmt reduce h>s p'iint of order to writing.
Mr. VANDERPOFL then submitted the follow-
ing point of oider: "Tne previous question having
been ordered, and the ordtr of the House partly
executed, the main question net be'ng debatable,
a motion to postpone ihe further order of the House
cannot be debatible."
; The CHAIR decided fiat the gentleman from
Kentucky na? in ordtr.
Mr. ANDERSON sa>cl he had been ififoimed by
a gentleman from Massachusetts that the price of
printing in that State had been reduced nearly one-
half within a few years past, and he thought it Lut
right that ih i matter should at least be examii ed
into by a committ-e. It was the duiv of a Repub-
lican Government to retrench expenditure* as mu^h
as jo sib'e, and he trusted measures would be
tiken, at the present session, to retrench all the ex-
pendí un s of Government.
Mr. EVERETT, from the commit'ee appointed,
in conjunction wilh acommi'tee of the Senate, to
wait on the President, and inform him that both
Houses of Congress were duly organized and
realy to receive any communication 1 e might be
plrased to make, mpd? report that tl ey had per-
forad that duty, and that the President had in-
formed them that he would send a Message, in
wii',ng, to the two Houses, on ti-morrow at tweivo
o'clock.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina said that
he had b(en denouncing for the last two jear , the
Admini'tration party, for looking one way and
rowing another; for cennnnaJ'y talkiig of economy,
while ihey never practised ji; and he wanted now
to see (hem come up to the scratch, and "how that
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Mondav, December 23, 1839.
Mr. HOOK inquired how his name was recorded
on the journal on the amendment to insert the viva
i   voce rule.
The CLERK replied that it was recorded in the
negative.
Mr. HOOK stated that he, had voted in favor of
that rule.
The Secretary of the Senate being introduced,
informed the House that the Senate had appointed
Messrs. WrioiiT and Allen a committee to join
such committee as might be appointed by the
House, to wait on the Piesident and inform him
that both Houses of Congress were duly organized,
and ready to receive any communication he might
* be pleased to make.
Mr. RAMSEY moved a resolution to appoint
a committee from the Ilou^e to join the commit'ee
of the Senate, to wait on the President and inform
him that both Houses of Congress were erg.\niz<rd,
and ready to receive any communication he might
be pleased to make; which was considered and
adopted, and Messrs. Everett and Ramsey were
appointed a committee on the part of the House.
The CHAIR then announced that the first busi-
ness in order, under the resolution of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Bynom ] would
be the e'ection of a Doorkeeper.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana then nominated Mr.
Jeíse E Dow for the office of Doorkeeper.
Mr. BR1GGS nominated Mr. Follansbee.
Mr. LEWIS nominated Mr. Johv Houston
Tne SPEAKER then appointed Messrs. J. W.
Davis, Briggí, Casey, and Griffin, tellers, when
the vote was  taken ai d declared as follows:
For Mr. Jos. Follansbee         -           -    130
"   «'    Ji^e E Dow             -           -     73
"   '*    John Houston            -                   15
So Mr. Folliksbee was declared duly elected.
Mr. CRAIG moved a resolution that John W.
Hunter be appointed Assistant Doorkeeper, and
Wm J. McCormick be appointed Po^tjiaster of
the House; which was consideied and adopted.
Tne CHAIR announced the next business in
ordtr to be the election of a Printer for Ihe House.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then movo-d a call of
the House, which was ordered, and the roll was
twice called.
Excuses were then offered for the following gen-
flsm-n; Messrs. Beirne, Grinnell, Jknifer,
Mercer and Worth-ngton.
Mr. STANLY then sent to the Chair the fol-
lowing resolution, which was leul for ín'ormation
Resolved, That the printing and hndmg of the
House of l'e,iiesenlatnes shall re furnished by
contract; notice ot which sha'l be given in the pub-
he p nits of Was'.ington city (or---------ñ js, it
being made a condition that the wo'k shall le
done in t e City of W?shington; and t e contract
shall, in each case, be gn en to the lowest bidder,
whose bid shall be accompamel with proper testi-
monia's ot the ali Uy of the bidder to fulfil his
contracts.
The CHAIR said the resolution was not in order,
the House being now engaged in the execution of
tie order of the Hou-e of Saturday, it being about
to proceed to the election of a Printer.
Mr. STANLY then moved to susreid the ore'er
for the purpose cf offering this resolution. He had
understnid that the House might probably save
$100,000 by giyirg out the printing by contract.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, December 23, 1839.
Mr. HOOK inquired how his name was recorded
on the journal on the amendment to insert the viva
i   voce rule.
The CLERK replied that it was recorded in the
negative.
Mr. HOOK stated that he, had voted in favor of
that rule.
The Secretary of the Senate being introduced,
informed the House that the Senate had appointed
Messrs. WrioíiT and Allen a committee to join
such committee as might be appointed by the
House, to wait on the Piesident and inform him
that both Houses of Congress were duly organized,
and ready to receive any communication he might
* be pleased to make.
Mr. RAMSEY moved a resolution to appoint
a committee from the Ilou^e to join the commit'ee
of the Senate, to wait on the President and inform
him that both Houses of Congress were erg.\niz<rd,
and ready to receive any communication he might
be pleased to make; which was considered and
adopted, and Messrs. Everett and Ramsey were
appointed a committee on the part of the House.
The CHAIR then announced that the first busi-
ness in order, under the resolution of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, [Mr. Bynom ] would
be the e'ection of a Doorkeeper.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana then nominated Mr.
Jeíse E Dow for the office of Doorkeeper.
Mr. BR1GGS nominated Mr. Follansbee.
Mr. LEWIS nominated Mr. Johv Houston
Tne SPEAKER then appointed Messrs. J. W.
Davis, Briggs, Casey, and Griffin, tellers, when
the vote was  taken ai d declared as follows:
For Mr. Jos. Follansbee         -           -    130
"   «'    Ji^e E Dow             -           -     73
"   '*    John Houston            -                   15
So Mr. Folliksbee was declared duly elected.
Mr. CRAIG moved a resolution that John W.
Hunter be appointed Assistant Doorkeeper, and
Wm J. McCormick be appointed Po^tjiaster of
the House; which was consideieel and adopted.
Tne CHAIR announced the next business in
ordtr to be the election of a Printer for Ihe House.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then mov,-d a call of
the House, which was ordered, and the roll was
twice called.
Excuses were then offered for the following gen-
flsm-n; Messrs. Beirne, Grinnell, Jknifer,
Mercer and Worth-ngton.
Mr. STANLY then sent to the Chair the fol-
lowing resolution, which was leul for ín'ormation
Resolved, That the printing and hndmg of the
House of l'e,iiesenlatnes shall re furnished by
contract; notice ot which sha'l be given in the pub-
lic p uits of Was'.ington city (or---------ñ js, it
being made a condition that the wo'k shall le
done in t e City of W?shington; and t e contract
shall, in each case, be gn en to the lowest bidder,
whose bid shall be accompamel with proper testi-
monia's ot the ali Uy of the bidder to fulfil his
contracts.
The CHAIR said the resolution was not in order,
the House being now engaged in the execution of
tne order of the Hou-e of Saturday, it being about
to proceed to the election of a Printer.
Mr. STANLY then moved to susreid the ore'er
for the purpose cf offering this resolution. He had
understnid that the House might probably save
$100,000 by giyirg out the printing by contract.
