Ihey, the Jeffersonian Democratic parly, were sincere ;'
in their professions. He thought now that the I
boldest of them would not dare to vote ¡-.gainst the I
proposi'.ion of the gentleman from Kentucky. Two
alternatives were now presented to gentlemen. On j
one side, they had the opportunity of having the
pub'ic printing executed tor the lowest prices, and
on the otner sitie it was intended lo reward a par-
tisan press, by giving it a large donaúon out of
the put;! c purse. He wanted to bring th? hard
money gen¡l men down to their own system. They
have reduced my income, said Mr. T. and that of
every man in the country, and it is therefore in-
cumbent on ihetn to bring the incomes of all tl.eir
salaried tracers down to the sundard at which they
have depreciated the money of the country. And
if no other person did so, he himself would, befure
the close of the session, introduce a bill to re-
duce the salaries of the officers of Government,so
that they may bear the same comparison with the
jaloe of money thai they did when they were
fixed.
Mr. GRAVES said he did hope they should be
ab e to bring the House to a direct vote on the pro-
position tefore it, without its bting cut off by
points of order or motions to lay it on th? table. He
aprea ed to theStates Rightgent'ecnen of the South,
and said to thrm, that, as they professed to be the ad-
vocates of economy, they had now an opportunity
of pra Ufhxg what they professed, by voting for
trie resolution. 1 hey had the ba'ance of power
in their han s, and on them wou'd rest the respon-
si i.ity of defeating the measure. The gent emen
who stood in opposition to the Administration were
disposed to bring this matter to a t st, and to try,
br- a diret vote, whether e;onomy shou'd be prac-
ticed in this branch of the pub ic expen-htures.
Mr. G. said he had been informed by a gent e «an
from Massachusetts, that the printing for the Lr-
gis'aiure of his State was done atone ha'f the price
that was paid for the prilling of Congress, and
that bo h he work and the paper was of a much b-t-
ter qua ity. He believed with his fri-nd from
North Caro ina, that a saving of f 100,800 a year
could be effected by letting out the pub ic printing
ou contract.
Mr. VANDORPOEL observed  that it; seemed
that they were all economists again; but he wished
be could be sa'isfied on one point. The gentlemen
from South Carolina and  Kentucky were loo late
in ihrir professions of economy.    Sir, said Mr. V.
we had a squabble of this kind two years ago last
S-ptember, when these various topics of economy
were discussed, and he hoped that circumstances
did not alter principles as well as cises.     At that
time the Printer was elected, and under an agree-
ing nt understood at that  time, the work  was exe-
cuted  at another office.   Two years have since
elapsed, during which time legislation could have
be:n bad on this subject; but the gentlemen from    j
Kentucky and South Carolina [Mestr*. Thompson
and Graves]  were  then   as silent as the grave.
Where then were all their protestations of economy?   !
Why did :hey net then bring forwarJ their resolu-   '
tion, or originate an act to remedy the evil now   ;
complained of? And he would ask if they were not
chargeable with having encouraged extravagance,   j
when they sat silent for two years, and permitted
the public printing to  be  done  in the old mode.
He did not know all the reasons which influenced
geatlemm to enteitain these new iound notions of
economy, but  he did know  that, within  the  last
five or mx months, the sober second thought ol the
people had expressed very loudly the belief that
this Administration carried   out those professions
of eeo'.omy and retrenchment which brought them j
in'o office.
Mr. V. ater enumerating the several States in !
which the elections had gone in favor of the Admi- j
nistration since the last Congress, remarke 1 that I
the decisive echoes of this 'sober second thought"  !
had not, however, reverberate 1 through the ears of
the present sticklers for economy before the termi-
nation of the last Congress; and therefore, perhaps,
circumstances did  not require  them'to look   so  ¡
cose y then to   the emo uments   of   the   public
printer.    Where were they, he asked, at the last
sesson of Congress, and why did they not then
rise and press this subiectl   Bir, (said Mr. V.) it is
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
now proposed to postpone the resolution, and we
had the same thing enacted in September, 1837; but
he had looked at the debates and the votes given at
that period, and he would now see whether they
would aihera to their votes then. Gentlemen
wanted to postpone the reso'ution, and send it to a
committee. How were they going to get along
with the public printing whie the committee
was seeding information to mike up its re-
port? How will you get the printing of the
message, and other documents, whi:e the committee
was making up its repo t? No gent'eman has made
any suggestion to that effect. He relie .-ed that
e ery gent eman had made up his mind how he
would'net on this same proposition, if mide under j
difTe-ent cicumsWnces. Te ieúng that it would !
re impracticab e to carry the íesolution into ef- j
feet, so as to provide for pressing emergencies, he
would move to 'ay it on the table.
Mr. PICKENS [Mr. Vanderpoel, at his re-
ques, having withdrawn his motion] orserved that,
fs he was somewhat intcested in this question,
he desi ed to make a few lemarks in regad
to it. At the ext a session of 1837, he made
a motion that the pubic printing shou'd
be given out on contract to tVe lowest bid-
der, aul that t e Clerk should snpeiintenl it. But
from t'-c difficulty of execution it was, in afe*
days, repealed, and another motion substituted for
it. We had bal occasion to examine the law of
1819, which fixed the prices to be given foi the
public p inting,and, therefore, without a repeal of
fiat law, the printing cojIJ not be let out on con-
tact He a?ieed entirely with tve gentleman from
Kentucky, that f-e price of the public printing
should be re luced if it is found to be too high, and
be wouM go for a law fixing the subject indefin tely.
He hope.l tiis Congr ss would not risa without
passing a law to purchase a public press and em-
ploy a superinten 'ent of the public p. inting; and he
hoped, fu ther, that t-is superinten it lit should not
be connected with the public p-rss. The great
querticn now, however, wa^ how the pib'ic print-
ing shou'd re executd. It was neiessary now
that they should adopt some means cf having the
public print ngesecuted according to the law of
1819, and he wou'd suggest to gent'emen whether
they cou'drepeal that law without the consent of
the other House. As to his col'eague'ssuggestions
with regird to the redu ticn of prices, the( cou'd be
reduce J as well after the Printer was e'ected as be-
fore. This House was not bound to give the
puhl:c Pr nter the p-;ces fixed by the law
of 1819. Let it re lure the prices if, on
examination by a committee, they shou'd
be found too high, and he himself wou'd
go for that reluct on, if C'livin^ed that it
was necessary. But the quest'on was, how were
they to get along with the pubic printing, if the re-
solution of last Sat'ir 'ay should be postponed, and
the subject referred to a committee? Mr P. si id he
only rose to explain his position on this question,
and to say th°.t he would, at any lime, fo for a re-
duction of the pr ces of the pub' c printing. Mr. P.
then renewed Mr. Vandebpoel's motion to lay Mr
Andsr.'-on's resolut on on the table.
Mr. VAN'DERPOEL then called for the yeas
and nays on Mr. Pickens's motion.
Mr. WILLIAMS of North Carolina moved that
the first part of the report of the Select Committee
raised during the last Cong ess upon the memorial
of F. P. Blair, recommendina; a change in the manj
ner ofexecut ng the public p-intin?, be read by the
Clerk, for the information o¡ the House. A'so, the
resolutions of the said comm ttee, appended to the
said repoit.
Mr. TfJRNEY moved to lay that motion on
the table; and the yeas and nays having been taken
on this motion, it was decided in the negative-
yeas 107, nays 116.
Mr. SMITH of Maine move! to amend the
motion so that all the report shou'd be read.
Mr. GALBRA1TH here submitted a point of
order, as follows:
The point of order is, that a motion having been
made to lay the reso'ution of the gentleman from
Kentucky on the tat le, and the yeas and nays or-
dered on that motion, the motion of the gent eman
from North Carolina for the reading of a certain
77
document, the same having been objected to, is not
in order.
The SPEAKER having decided against the point
of order raised by Mr. Galbruth,
Mr. SMITH of Maine sa'd the reason which in-
duced him to offer his amendment, was this: The
resolution of the gentleman from North Caro'ina
did not go far enough. It only proposed the read-
in? of the recommendation of the committee, that a
change should be made in the mode of executing
the public printing. Now he wanted the whole re-
port te.id, in order that the House might have the
leasons why the committee recommen'ei this
change. When this report should be read, gentle-
men would find developments made in it that
would not be very palatable to them.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS did not hear the
derision of the Chair on the point or order raised
by the gent'emen on his light [Mr. Galbruth]
He wanted to know if the Chair had decided that
it was in order to propound a question lo read pa-
p rs, afttr a mo ion to lay the subject to which
they related on the tab'e.
The SPEAKER said that it was in order.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS asked if an appeal
from that decision was in order.
The SPEAKER replied that it was too late now
to ma'>e an appea'.
Af'eri some conversati n, in which Messrs.
SMITH of Maine, VANDEKPOEL, HUBBARD
and BANKS participated,
The report of the Select Committee was read.
So'Tie furthtr conversation took p'ace in rela-
tion to the resolution recommended by th? Se'e^t
Committee, in whuh Messrs. BOND.PETRIKIN,
McKAY, WISE, VANDESPOEL, and HILLEN
participated; after which, the resolti ion was also
read.
Mr. BYNUM said he rose to submit a resolu-
tion, whi:h he would offtr in case that of the gen-
t'eman from Kentuc'ty should be laid on the table,
and which would test the sincerity of gentleooen
who made professions about economy.
The question was then taken on laying Mr.
Andersin's lesrlution on the table, and decided
in the affirmiiive—yeas 114, nays 111.
Mr. BYNUM then submitted the fo'lowing reso-
lution:
Resolved, That this House will forthwith pro-
ceed to }he election of a poMic Printer, who snail
discha-ge the duties of a Printer until otherwise or-
dered.
Besohed, That a select committee of five mem-
bers te appointed to repot to this House what
means can te adopted to have the put lie printing
executed in the best manner, and at the least possi-
ble cost; and that said committee leport by bill or
otheiwise.
The CHAIR decided the resolution to be out tf
order.
Mi. BYNUM t en withdrew it.
Mr. R.GARLAND moved to s spoil the ru'es
and order, with a view of permitting the gentle-
man fiom  No:th Caro'ina to offer the reso ution.
Mr. CRAIG ho-el that ihis resolution would be
receive I by general consent.
Mr. WlSti wou'd agree widi his colleague, if
gent'emen would extend ihis inqui y, not on'y to
the reduction o' the expense of piinring, but to an
entire divorce—yes, di o-ce was the word of the
Government—fiom the poi ica' press. If the in-
quity would extend this far, he would vote lor it
w th allhisheait
Mr. PETRIKEN *nl several other {gentlemen
objected to the recepti >n of the resolution.
The motion to suspend the rules was then de-
c'ded in the negative—yeas 134, nays 87—it re-
quiring two-thirds to suspend the rules.
Mr. CLARK attempted to present a resoluioa
to authorize the present Printer of the H u-e to do
the printing until a Primer was elected; but ihe
Chair ruled it out of order.
TI e CHAIR said he woull now receive nomi-
nations for Printer to the He se.                    .
Mr. SMITH of Maine then nominat d Blair <&.
Mr*' SHERROD WILLIAMS then askeJ if it
would te in or.'er to move to reconsider the reso-
lution in relation to the election of officers.
