78
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIR sail it would not be, the order
having been partly actel upon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Will it be in order to ¡ay it
on the table?
The CHAIR replied that it would no', a& a no-
mination tor Printer had been received.
Mr. SBADE inquired if a motion to rescind or
postpone would be n order.
The CHAIR said a mot on to postpone would be
in order.
Mr. SLADE then moved to postpone the execu-
tion of the order indefinitely.
Mr. CAVE JOHNS  N appea'el from the deci-
sion of the Chair, that the motion to postpone was
in order.
After a discission of soné leng h on this point
of order, between Messrs. BELL, PETRIKIN,
JAMESON, SLADE, BRIGG3, LEWIS, HUB-
BARD, TILLINGHASTand HOLLEMAN, the
last named gent'eman moved to lay the whole sub-
ject on the table.
Mr. CRABB then moved that the Hou^e ad-
journ; which motion was decided in t^e negative—
jeas 105, navs 106.
Mr. SLADE said, as the vote just annouired
showel that there was a disposition on the pait of
the House to proceed to the election of a Printer,
he would withdraw his mo'ionto postpone.
Mr. SHERROD WILLIAMS said it had been
generally understood, that if they had postponed
the election of a Speiker until afer the President^
Message was, rece ved, the Opposition could have
e'ectcd their Speaker, andas treremightbea chance
of defeating Blair and Rive's, by tlelajing ihe e.'eo-
tion of a Printer until after the mesaige was re-
ceived, he now/novel that the lie use adjourn,
which moUon was decided in the affirmative—
yeas 110, nays 106, ?s follow-:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Aif >r.l, John W Allen, Simeon JI
Anderson, An Ircws, llarimd, 11 II, liiddle, Black, B md, B > ts,
Bcigg*. Brockway, A Q Biown, Anun L'.iuwn, Calhoun,
Wm B Campbell, Caller, Uhinn, Chittenden Clark, JaniP3
Cjoper, Mai't A. Cooper, Corwin, Crabb, Ciansion, Curtis,
Cashing, EJwaid Davies, G Davi' , Ddvv&on, Debeiry, Den-
mo, Dillelt, lHwardi, Evans, Everett, FiHmoie, Fi her, Jas.
( J.rland, It Gailand, Gates, Gently, Cidding, Gcggms, Gctode,
Graham, Granger, Graves, Green, Ilabeisliam, Hall, Wil-
liam S Hastings, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, Hunt,
.Time?, Charles Johnston, William Cost Johnson, King,
Lwrence, Lincoln, Marvin Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan,
Cilvary Morns, Naylor, Nisbet, Ogle, Osbjrne, Palen, Pick,
Pipe, Prolfit, ltandall, Randen, Ilayner, Beed, ItiJgway,
Ribm3on, Russell, Siltonstall, Sergeant, Shepaul, Simonton,
Blade, Trjman Smith, Stanly, btorrs, Stuart, Taliateiro, W
Toompson, Tillingha-it, Ti'an I, Tiiplett, Tiinubull, IJ uler-
wn^d, P J Wagner, Warren, E 1) While, J White, T W
Will.ami, L VVillianie. J L Williams, C II Williams, S
Williams  and Wise—110
N VYS—Messrs H J Anderson, Athcrton, Binks, Beatty,
BUrkwell, Boyd, Brewter, Aaron V Bro.vn, Hjikt, S H.
Butler, W O Butler, Bynum, Juhn Campbell, Cur, Carrol),
Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Conner, Craig, Crary, I) tna,
Uavee, Joh i Davis, John W Davi". I)e la Mnntanya, I) >ig,
D omgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fletcliei, Floyd,
Fornuice, Galbraith, Geriv, Gnfhn, llammoid, Hani, J
Hastings, Hawkins, Hill ot North Carolina, lidien, Holle-
rain, Holme- , Hook, Hopkins, Howaid, Hubbaid, Jameson,
J Johnson, C Johnson, Nathaniel lone*, John W Jjnes, Keim,
Kemble, Leadbettei, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas,
MiC'lellan, McCulloch, McKiy, Millory, Mirchand, Medill,
M Her, Montgomery,   New hard, Pansh, Parmenter   Pams,
S*eanngen,   Sweeny, Tiyloi,   Fiancis   Thomas,   Philip T
Thomas, J Thompson, Turney, VVatterson, Weller, Wick, J
W. Williams, and H Williams—10b.
The House adjourned.
House op Representatives,
Dec. 23, 1839.
Gevtlembn: in your piper of Saturday las , I
am reported as having voted in the negative upon
a proposition, the efl'ect of which was to reta n the
viva voce mode of voting in the elections of the
House.
My name is recorded in the affirmative, and I so
voted.
Respectfu'ly your-, &c.
JNO. HILL of N. C
M ssrs. Blair an J Rivis
[Mr. Hook of Pennsylvania voted m favor of
the viva voce, and his name was lecorded on tht
journal as voting against it —Editor Globc ]
IN SENATE,
Tuesdav, Dec. 24, 1839.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by A. Van Büren, esq his pr.-
vate secretary.
PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE.
Tne annual message of the President to the two
Houses of Congress was then read by the Secret-
ory of the Senate.   [S •« Appends ]
When the message was read, Mr. ALLEN rose
and said:
Mr. President: Courtesy has, I am aware,
made it the custom for a Senator represent ng th*
State from wh ch the President comes, and agree n?
with him in po'itical sent ments, to move the pnn -
i-g of his annual message; yet the Sena or from
New York will, I believe, excuse the deep
feeling which prompts me thus to rue, and in the
exultation of renewed hope, exci ed by this paper,
for the future security of our institution? and wel-
fare of the people, submit t'iat motion my elf.
If, standing in this p'ace, the friend of all, the
enemy of none, I may be allowed to address a
single request to the whole boiy of my couivrymen,
it is, that each mai of them «id deliberately
consider this message, and that part of it, espe-
cially, which relates to corporation*, banks, and
the cur.ency.
To guaranty forever the rights, the happiness of
indiudual min—to protect the feeble against the
rapacity of the s'rong—-he who'e pgainst thecom-
b.na'iois of the prr s,   by an  equal distabufon of
burdens and of blessings amon? all—was the cardi-
nal object of our evil  instituiions.   But, notwnh-
standing this, the e ngr ts have been vio'a'ed—this
happme>s penile J—this ra pacityallotved—thesecom-
binations formed—md this equality destroyed. Th'se
things have been done, and that, too, under the au-
thority of law.   Corporations innumerable freckle
the  lace   of ihe  land.   Corporations which, not
content with absolute power over the currency—
over the   property—over   the   labor  of   ihe  en-
tire people,   now  seek to  render themselves im-
mortal,   and   their   dominion   complete,  by po-
litical   associations.   Hence   has   arisen  the pa-
p=-r   system, wih   all   its  complexity   of  fraud
an 1 oppression; hence Ihe pentfin  strife between
man anl monopoly; and hence it is that the world
no.v  be h'Ids this mtion   s rugg 1115, Ike the fa-
ta el Lpocooii, to   disengage its  own body,  and
the bodies of 1 s sons, from the fatal co.l of a
se'psn', whose convulsive energies  have   com-
pres-sed those bodies well nigh un'odeaih.
When, in 1837, after the universal crash of the
banking sy t m, tie Presilent 1 commended its
«everan e from the Gove nment, and the Govern-
ment's re toration to its an lent poli"y, t e
pe p e, unp-epa ed alike for the rum around
t em, or the lemedy piopo ed, remamel, for
a mome it, equally confounded by both. State
after Sta'e reeled from 1 s perpendicular and slid
fro n h s support; politic an after po'iticun fled for
salety or for ouccor 10 the arms of his foes; yet he,
almost alone, anidvt the general cons'ernation,
am'dst the desenons of the venal and the
shrieks of the ti.md, s'ood unappalled—on-
fnling, as he ever has, doe*, and ever will,
in that "sober second thought" of his co >n-
trymen, which is "never wrong, and always effi-
cient." Anl now, sir, sustain d by the matured
judgment of a grateful people—grateful to bim, be-
cause he «as fai'hful to them—faithful, even at a
tine whpn that veiy fidelity was at the hazard of
their displeas ue—the Piesilent p e-ents agiin
to h'S fellow-citizjns a chart of prnciplc, by
which, if with skill we steer this our poli-
tical ark, freighted as it is with our hopes and
our de-tin e% it will bear us onward in safety end
111 peace, how ever violent the storm of exasperated
passions,
Mr. A. concluded by movin? that fifteen hun-
dred copies of the me,sage and documen s, anl five
thcus'nl additional copies   of  the   me s,CTe   be
printed í< r the use of >h; Senat?.
The resolution was nmn'mously acreed t>.
Tne CHAIR laid before the S nate a message
from the President of the  Un ted States,  trans
m't nig a letter from the Governor oí Iowa to the
Secretary  if  Sta e, in  relation  to the   di>pjfed
boundary I1113 between that Terntory and ihe Siate
of Missouri, which, with the accompany,nj do;u- ¡
men's, was ordered to be laid on the taMe an J
printed.
Also, a report from the S*c e'ary of the Trea-
sury in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
March 2 1339, in rela'ion to the changes nectssary
in the presents} stem of manna hosp UN, when
was referred to the Comrm tee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a repoit from the Secretary of War, trun -
mitt.n"a refort of th-5 Ac 1113 Comtn s,irn>r of
P nsiois.m conform if with a reso u 1 11 ol the
Stna'e of May 29, 1830, sho vm? the rejected ap.
plications for p nsions for 1839; which was refer-
red to the Coiinm tee on Pui ion', aid 01 ice 1 to
be printed.
Also, a íep^rt fro-n the Srcietau of Stat , show-
in  the number of Amer can seamtn ípg^tered m
each port of ni'iy of the United StaK^, .liJiin? thr
year 1839; which was refencl to the Co-nmit r*
on Commerce, and oideie I to be pnn'ed
Abo, a report from the S c ctary of the Tiea-
surv, in c mphance vith a resolution of ihe Senate
of December 19,1838, coii'auiins a gene a! state-
ment in relation to the sa't du 1-; which was refer-
red to the Committee on F nine.
Also, a rep rt from the Secretaiv of State,
account ng for the ccpcnJituie oí the emit ngent
fund; whiJi was ordered to lie en the ta'd", and l<>
A'so, a report fiom the Secietary of the Trea-
sury, being his Annual Report on the stae of the
Finances; whn.li «as ordered to I em thcUtd , ?nd
fifteen hundred actional copies to ba pi n'ei for
the use oí ti c Sena'e.
Also, a r poit from 1I13 Secretary of the Tiea-
sury, in compliance vith an act ftr the rehof of
certain insolvent rieMir-, of the Un led State-;
which was retened to the Committee on die Judi-
en ry, and ordeied to te printed.
Mr. BENTON said that, since the 01 'cr had
been given for the printing of the Preside it's mes-
sage, he hid conversed wiih sevtral of the Sena-
te s, and they all concurred in t e propriety of hav-
ing aa additional number rrmted. He would,
the e'bre, move that five thou-and copus, 111 ad-
dit'oT. to those alieidj oi'e-el, be pr 11 el.
Trie íesoluiion was unanimous'y agnej to.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented the pent on of the
heirs and representatives of Anderson Lane; wh ch
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. N. a'so presented the memorial of the
Mayor, Alderman, and inhabitant of the city
of New Orleans, which was r.ferre 1 to the Com-
mittee on Private Lan I Claims.
On motion of Mr. NICHOLAS,
Ordered, That the pe ttion and papers of Andrew
C. Armstrong now on fi e, be referred to the Com-
mittee of Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. NICHOLAS,
Ordered, That the petition and papers in re'a-
tion to the claim of Geo'ge M. Passeau be refer-
red t > th* C  mmi t e on Private Land Claim?.
Mr. RUGGLE3 presented a memorial from
sundry mhab'anis of Belfast, Maine, praying for a
reduction rfihe rot's of postage; which was te-
feired to the Commi'tee on the Pott Office and Pott
Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of New Yuk, praying lh.2 esta-
blishment of a port of en ry at Milwaukie; which
was referred to the Com 1111166 on Commerce.
Also, the petitioi of Wil.iam ReJin, praying that
certain duties may be ierun led; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Commeice.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he entirely and heartily
concurred in the sen'iments expressed of the Pre-
sidí nt's mes^ ge, and the propriety of printing the
extra number ol cipie-; but there was another do-
cumen! which nice imperatively required the
punt 113 of an ad hiional number. This was the
Secretaras Annual Report en ihe state of Ihe
Finances. The messa?e will be printed in every
newspaper of the country, and will thus have a
universal u calat,on,but the s ze of the Secretary's
report would prevent its publication 111 any but a
few of the papéis in our larg>r c lies. The fifieen
hundred ropes ordered would g,ve us only about
twen'y cop.es each, anl he would himself have at
lea.t fifty applications for them. He would, there-
fore, move that three thousand five hundred addt-
