so
CWGtft'.SÍflfíKAl; iSWm)
SÍS
¿•f.jnnFr
▼otes should be'decareéduly e'ected. This elected
a Primer by a plurality of voesj yet, fa 1887,
a resolution was introduced in the Senate by one
of the mo* distinguished lawyers ia Ac country,.
[ilr.'CwTTOíí of Delaware,] ami passed, declaring
that no person sh' uld be elected, except by a ma-
jority ot tin votes of the members present. This,
then, was an alteration of rtfce resolution of 1819
by one body. Ag*in: the resolution of 1819 pro-
vided ihat the election oT Printer should take place
near the close of a Congress, thus giving one Con-
gress the power of electing officers for the ntx .
in his opinion, this resolution of 1819 «as in
some respect^, unconstitutional; for if the Printer
was an efBcer of the Government, as some gentle-
men contended, ihs Executive must have it>e ap-
Evnlment of that officer under the Constitution
ut if the Printer was an officer of the two Housís,'
thrn each House had it in the r power to e'ect or
appoint them in such manner as they thought
proper.
- Mr. FILLMORE ieplied tonne remarks of Mr.
McKa;, and went into an examination of the va-
rious modes adopted for appointing public Primer;
and Went into an argument at some length to show
that the Printer oí Congress was not an officer of
that body.
Mr. DAWSON neat followed, and urged a post-
ponement of the e'ection of Pi inter fcr the pfiesent,
for the purpose of a certain ing what p'an could be
adopted ot   reducing Ibe   expenlrure   for that
Vr* ¿eh of the public serve .    He s; o>ce of the
hgh prices paid for the public minting, and sad
that the sums paid the l^sryear were fo enormous,
that tAr. Aden, rhe Pii.. er of ihe Hou«e, f^kf the
work to Ga'e* acd Seaton, ihé former Piinteis of
the House, and raa-ie a fortune by it.   Mr. D¿ reVJ
ferrtd-oihe mformat;on hehad leeñfedftom a1
memt«f from Massachusetts relative totKepr.nt-
ing done for the Lesislature of ihat State, which he
sad was d ne fo;ty-five per cent, cheaper, ant
much I etter work.   He urged upon the Hossa the
rroprietyof abolishing the old plan of executing
the public print nf, anl of substituting a mote eco-
nomical one,                                                     ">
Mr. Va NDERPOEL, to whom Mr. Diwsow
alinde J in h tí  p ech, ejplaloel the' language he
uaei yes fd*y.    Mr. V. yesterday a%ked why,
and he now included the «nt em?n from Georgia
t «—why did they sit wi h a>ms folded for two
years, after the la"<t Printer was elected, and not
propose s me measure to reduce t ie prica tf the
public piitrtirg.
Mr. DAWcON, on conelffdinghiCremarlfs, pe-
* seated the fallowing res httion, wnreh was tead:
Raolttd, That me order of this House, in rela-
ta  M the electron of a Printer, be postponed until
the 1st day of Pebmary next.
Suclvtd, further, That the Clerk' of this House
be authorised to employ some soitab'e person or
p*rsoo*, o Trxecue the necessary printing of this
H0B*e,io the manner prescribed by the joinf reso-
lution «f 1819, until further ordered by this Hou*e.
kenhed, further, That a select committee,be ap-
pointed to inquire wYe'Ver the "public priming of
this House cana, t be better and cheaper done by "
contract than by th  existing mo le.                     !"
The SPEAKER said hisopin'on was* that thes
mot on w s tf t ttow W order, tut if the genieman
wo Id modify his motion, so as to make the p st-
rwoewi rit to a day cetwn,if would be in order.'
■Mr.. DAWáON m dified hi* resolution,-so as t >
make fte  stponement urtti  the fust of February.
Mr. VANDERPOEL fftid tve po'ni he made
yesterday, and fiam which the gentleman from
Georgia ottW «ot escape, va.% that ihh ct of pa-
triotism, when had all át onee seized upm cettain"
members of this'Hoose, came íathí r Ta'e; and row,
byway of e'ndingthex force of that pos ton, ihe
gentleman fKom Gecrgis ra;d thai the Admnriít a-
tioa party, a'Bioif to a man, voed against Mr?j
PhmbksIs propo-iTioh.     Bat gentlemen knew that
th s an<t various other propositions, were ma 'e for
the purpose of star hz off rt e election of Pr n er,
wh*n it was appioacbin?, and that ifce Ad^-natfiay
tip  party voted asihey did wow, asraiast what ttiey
conserved to be mere obstacle ib-o wu in the way, •
at the «ame sage ©fits procetdngs.     But by the
 id o| |bje CoiwenratiTes, the Opposition succeeded"
i in eJectinjf their Prin'er, after which they were st-
i hm for two years, and made no prop>sit ons for a
reduction of this branch of the pub«s expendt-
, ture.     He wou'd a>k gent'emen if  their short
1 lived notioris of economy were not at a time_wh n
they supposed tie Administration had a rmjoniy,
, which was the fact,'as elected by thepeopl-; and
I when, by the aid of a little sqnad of Conservatives,
they had elected an Opposition Printer, if ^hfir pro-
l positions for conomy did not eeasi?   They Mip-
pos'd the game was in their own hinds, and acted
' accordingly. Why did tbey sit silent for two ye irs,
1 and not move in tü  matte i?   Tne Opposi ion had
their pnntsrs (Qales and Seaton) in the name of
Allen.   The game was in their own hands, and
therefore", they made na propositions for two year*
for economy in the public print ng
Mr. MASON of Ohio addresid the Bous ,
, urging Jh* necassi'y of carrying out the system of
1 economical expenditara recommended in the mes-
sage of the President just received, and he called
upon the friends of die Administration to join with
the Opposition in commenc ng this economy with
the public pnn in . Mr. M. charged the pa-ty of the
Adirrfn'Stration wita making hypocritical prrfewions
of attachment to retrenchment and reform, which
they never reduced to pract ce.and congratulated the
party with which he acted upon the prosp ct of so-m
having an Exeenhve in power who would be s n-
cere in his professions.  He saw*, in the recommen-
dations of   economy   found  iir the   President's
message, evider.c? that his power'was about to be
taken from him, and it was therefore that he re-
curred to Ihe prmc'pifs which brought him into
o/fice.   Mr. M. after speaking of the expenses
incurred by the House for prirring daring Mr.
Adams'* administrattou^ wh'cii, he raid, were le*s
than the expends dnring Mr. Van Earen's, went
on to refer to the necessary expenditures of the
Government anee tte Democratic party came kilo
power.   He went into an argument to show that
the most economical p'an of executing the public
printing would be to kt it out on contract to the
lowest bidder.               <
Mr. DAV18contended that th«re wasvotb'ng in
ihe reso'u'ion of 1819 whirn made it incumbent on
the Home to proceed tj the eler tian of a public
Priner at this time. He thought the resolotim of
1819^, referred tnly-to the election of a public
Printer "far At awebtg Conymi" foi'owing theaes-
sion when f at retolution waAador te-Jj and that the
e'ection ougM now to be postponed to taXe into
cjnsit'erat on the e^pfnditnte that might be saved
by gradia'ing the pr cej in prnpoi tton t j the cheap-
ness of ma erráis, the facili res afforded by im-
p'oved machiuery, and the reducei-prices of labor. -
Replying to Mr. Vanderposl, he charged the Ad-
miniitration with extravagance and win making
ph)fe-?ions of economy which they wete unwilling
to practice.              "                           '
Mr BOND replied at.Iength fo the reméTks of
Mr. VANDEBFofeL,.comnx?ntrtig on Ihe proceedings
of tneHou^e at th  fe-sionu>f'1837, when fee ^no-
lie Printer wa* Ceqted.      •
-Mr. BYNTJM- addrewed fte -floufe Bt some
lenjth, in reply to the remarks of Messrs. Dawson
an 1 Bojrtoy showing that they bad act) d incoW«i t-
ently in regard to this question. {A report of his
remarks will bepub!i-hed as soon as they can be
prepared by the repot ttr.]
Mr. CAMPBELL move i that when the House
adj'-urn, it adjourn to-mret on Friday next.
-   Mr. TURKEY called for the yeas and nays,
and this question b?ing pat, it was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 88, nays 86.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON then r<*e to a point of
order. He snbmittai Jo the Cnáiti, whether the
motion for the House to adjourn over until Friday
was "in order, while another subject was pending,
and not decided on. It requited a vote of two-
th rds, he said, by the rules of the House, to put this
question.
The CHAIR said it wa* too late to raise that
question now.
Mr. GIDD1NGS then moveJ that the House do
now adj«srt; and tb*r yeas and nays being ealled
f r by Mr. BYNDM and several others, Vse ques-
tion was taken in this way, asá decided in the «f-
fi*mative*~yea8 86, aays 79.
Correction: Our reporter misunderstood the re-
marks of Mr. Sherr'd WitxuMson moving an
adjournment last evening. Instead of saying, it
hed been seuerally understood that if they had post-
poned the elect on of a Spsaker until aft<-r the Pre-
sident's message was received, the Opposition
could have e'ecied the r Speaker," as reported in the
G'obe, Mr. Wili/ams said it wis general y un-
dersold at the commencement of the 25:li Con
gress, that if the President's message had been sent
in before the election of Speaker, the Opposition
could have defeated Speaker Polk.
IN SENATE,
Friday, December 27, 1839.
The Hon R. M. JOHNSON, Vice P.ci.'ent of
iheUnit-d States, took the Out as President of
the Senate this morning.
A messige was received from the Prtsidct t of «Ii
Un ted States, by M. Vas Boren, esq his Private
Secrttary.                                            ,    , „
The CHAIR laid before the Senr.te ihs follow-
ing documents:
A message from the Pre>ident of the United
Sta'es cocc-rning thede^enpt on of papers deemed
necessary to be provided by law for the use and
protection of Ameacan vessels engaged in the
whale fisheries; whxh was referred U itn Com-
mit'ce on Commerce, and ordeiel t) be pnn ed.
A mes^aTe from ihe President ot the Uni'el
States, in relation to the law provid n? for the
taking ot the six h cen^u ; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
A message from tie President of the United
States, in relation to the transfers of appror nations
in the War Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Fiaance, and  ordered to be printed.
A m^fsage from the President of the United
States, in i elation to the transfers of appropria-
t oas in the Navy Department; which was referred
to the Committee on FmaDce, and ordered to be
printed.
A report from the S celary of the Treasury, in
compliance with a reso ution of ihe Senate in re-
lation to the eJtecuti n of the 13 h and Í4fh sec-
tions of the act t > regulate the deposit's of Ihe pub-
lic money, app-oved Jane 23,1836; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on F.nance, and otdered
to be pnntel.
A report from the Secretary ef the Treasury,
t aosmitting the rep rt of F. R. Hassler, as su-
p-r ntendent of the" survey of the coast and of the
construí tioa of standards of weights and niea-ur s;
which was referred to the Cemm.ttee on Commerce,
and 500 additional copiej ordered to be printed.
A rep6rt fiora die Secretary of State in relation
to the expenditure of the contingent fund oí that
Dfpartov nt; which was refetred^ to the Committte
en Finance.
A report from the SI celary of the ^Tavy, in re-
lat'on to the etpendituie of the cómin'gént fund of
ihat Department; which was rererred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
1 Aleiierfrom the Commissioner of the Pubic
BuiWirgs, reportar g* the manner in. which all apprc-
piia'ioasfor the public buildji gs and grounds have
been applied; which was refemd to the Committee
on Pubic Building,-.
A letter from the Librarian of Congress, in
obed'ence with  hc res lotion of the Senate of
February 15, 1839, directing ham to make out and
report to the Senate, at the commencement of the
first session of the next Congress, a catalogue of all
the laws, and of alt the legislative and executive
journals and documents of the several States and
Territories, now ia the Library; which .was kid on
the tab'e, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the paper* oa
file in relation to the case of IsaacEroesa w*ra
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the p-t t on of John
Barkr; which wa? referred to the Committee oa
Cairns.
Mr. H. alo presented t?>e petition of David
Ston;; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. TAPPAN prear«n*e<p ihe petition of Joca., *
