CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 7, 1840.
-------a------    ..    i   ;


BY BLAIR & RIVES.
____   WPRKIiY-
PRICE 81 PER SESSION.
:-----•— i^_------------------------------------——r=-—.'      '_ 

{Ctntinwd from Xo  5.)
than H. Wallace; which was referred to ihe Com-
mittee on Fnrate Land Cl*ur-,
On mittoa of Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the p;t-
tton of James McCrary of Alabama was tiken
frcm the files of the Se.iate, anl referred to the
Committee in Revolutionary Claims.
Atoo, pa h.  mot.on, the petition and doeumen's
if William Barclay, of Mar.hatlcoon v, Alabama,
pra>iag a grant of land, was taken Iroin the ti es,
and referred to the Comm t ee oa Ptua'e Land
C'tias.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama also pre^en'el the me-
■or.al of a large number of the cttiztn? of fre
country lately ceded by the Cherokee* in Alabama,
pra) i. g the extent on of the ben fi s of the late pre-
imption law to those who occupied and cal'nael
sixteenth sections appropriated for schools; wlvch
was ie>:red to the Committee on ihe Public
Lands.
Mr. C. aU  presented the petititn of Thomas
L- Bone, of Jackson county, Alabama, pra}iDg to
be paid three hundred dollars ie-r that amount in
Tieasary notes, which weie onsome 1 and lo«t by
the banueg of bis dvel.ing house; refened to the
Committee on Clams.
Mr. ROBINSON presented a memorial from in-
habitants of the towu of Alkion, lllino s, piaying
for an appropr auon in ail of the New Albany
aad Mount Carm*l Railroad Company; which «as
leferred to the Committee oa Roai's and Canals.
Mr. R. a'so present -d ihe pent on cf Hezekiah
Cnnnirgham, asking compensation for t-ansro'ta-
tioa of ihe mill; which was re erred to ihe Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Pest Roar's.
On moiion of Mr. SMITH of Cone est ¡cur, the
papéis on file in relation to the claim of Daniel
Root, the claim of John S. Bi i.ngs, and the claim
of Nathan Kings'? y, were severally ordered to be
refcred to Ihe Committee on Ciaras.
Mr. SMITH ihen asked that Ja>*z L. White
bare leave to w thdraw certain papers in rela'ion
to a mail crntract, in order that they might b^ pre-
KD'ed in tie Hoo«e; which, r-fier > me rem irks
fiom Messrs. LINN, WALL, DAVIS, HUB-
BARD, and SMITH cf Connecticut, was unani-
Booaly agreed to.
Mr. SMITH al>o presentid 'he petition or Mar-
garet L-ech; which was referred to the Coaun fee
on Pensons.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petit:on of
Dui el Palmer, praying f< r an increase of person;
which was referred  to the Comm ttee on Pension .
Mr. B. also presented tie memorial of the mem-
bers of i ha bar cf the ct y cf Pitubore, askng ihat
the compensation of the Judge of the Western Dis-
trict of Pennsylvania may be increase J; which was
refined to the Ccmm t ee en the Judiciary.
Mr. B. also p.esenttd a memorial from citizens
of Lancaster county, Pennsylvania, asking for the
establishment of a po*t rout*; wb ch was referred
to the Committee on the Pest Office and Post
Roeds.
Mr. B. also presen'rd the petition of Abraham
Coote, praying an mcteas; ot peniion; which was
re'ernd to tue Comm ttee on Pensions.
Mr. DAVIS pre etted the petition of Maj.
Thomas Hahte¿d, a^km? for an increase <f pen-
iion; when was lefeired to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. D. also presented the mitr.orial of Paul J.
Cuffo d, asking for agant of land fvr.'cmcs ren-
d*rtd,«hich was laid on ¡he tab'e and entered to
be prime J.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of William
R. J'htson.esecaicr of George Evar.s;
The memorial oí Wj'iam Teas;
The memor al of Richard Taliaferro;
The mrnvnal ofCapt. Wi! urn Meeginson;
The memorial cf George Gilmer;
The memorial of John 8prfi horn and
The memorial of theeiecu ors of Thomas Griffin;
Which were severally referred to the Commtt'ee
oa Revolutionary Clauna.
Mr. R. also presented the petition r f Archibald
S. Campbell; whith was referred to the Committee
on Naval Aria is.
Mr. R. also presented the petition of Elizabeth
Mouroe; wbuh was referred to the Committee on
Pension*.
Mr. WILLIAMS prrsented the petition of An-
drew Forrest; wh ch was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, the petition
and papers of Henry Fry were taken from the files
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the papers on file in
relation to the claim ef Moses Elmer, were refetred
to <he Committee on Bevolntionaiy Claims.
On motion by Mr. RUGGLES, the papers on
file in relation to tve case of John H. Hall, were
referred to th  Committee on Mihtaiy Affairs.
Mr. MERRICK presented ihe memorial of offi-
cer* of t^e line of the army, asking for an equaliza-
tion of pay with the staff; which was referred to the
Commi'tee on M litary Affairs.
Al , the memorial of Dr. Samuel Correy;
which, after some explanatory remarks from
Mr. M. was reftrred to a stlect committee of
three, and ihe memorial was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MERRICK then moved that when the Se-
nate at journ, it adjourn to meet on Monday next;
which was agreed to.
On motion by Mr. CALHOUN, the paper* on
file in relation lo the claim cf Edward Wade,
were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. HUBBARD gave notice Ihat to-morrow he
wonlJ a<k leave to intrrduce the following bills:
A bill fir the relief of Philip Wiedman.
A bill for the relief of John J. Bulow, jr.
A bill for the relief of Ma'a'hi Hagan.
A bill for the rt\ ef of Joseph Hernandez.
Mr.   HUBBARD,    frvm   the    Committee en
Claims, to «h ch had b-en referred tl.e bill to pro-
vide for the establishment of a Board of Commk-
fioners to hear and determine claims against the
United Sta es, reported the fame without amend-
ment, and recommended its pas-age.
Mr. H. also, fioin the same committee, to which
had be n referred the bill (or the te! ef of Waller
Loom is and Abel Giy, repcrted in favor of its
parage, and novel that Ihe teport be printed;
which wis agreed lo.
Mr. NORVELL, in pursuance cf no'ice, asked
and obtained l ave to introduce
A joint resolution, authorizing certain surveys
to b** made; which was rrad twice, and teferrel to
the Committee on Commerce.
Ais-*, a bill making grants of land to certa;n
States tor the purpose* of internal improvements;
which was read twice, and referí ed to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Also, a bill for ihe relief of certain companies of
Michigan m li'ia; which was re d twice and re-
ferred to the Committe on Military Affairs.
Also, a bill making appropriations to complete
ceriatn roads commenced by the United States in
the Stale of M'chtgan; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee en Reads and Cana'*.
Mr. BUCHANAN gave notice that, on terror-
row, he won'd a«k 'eave to in r doce a bill for the
rel ef of Samuel R. Play maker.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, <n pursuance of notice,
ask^d and obtained leave <o introdrce ihe follow-
in? bills:
A bi'l for the relief of John McCartyr re<ad
twice, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affair .
A bill for the relief of William Jone-: read
twice, andrefenel to the Committee on Public
L^nds.
A bill for the relief of Ciptiin Sncdgrass'scom-
pany of mounted volun eers: read tw c, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Mi nary Affairs.
A bill for the relief of Richard Robertson:
read twice, and lefeirtd to the Committe* on
Claims,
On motion of Mr. C. the papers connected with
the above bills were respectively referred to the
same committees.
Mr. PRENTISS, agreeably to notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill authorizing
the payment of invalid pensions in certain cases;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
Also, a bill granting a pension to David Waller:
rtferre I to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KNIGHT, agreeably to notice, asked and
obtained 1-ave to introduce a bill for the relief of
Samuel Warner: read twice, and referred to the
Cummi t*e on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which had b en referred
A b 11 to am nd an act entitled "An act more
effectually to provide for the punishment of certain
crimes against the United States, and for other pur-
pose*; and
A b 11 to prevent the counterfeiting of any fo-
reign copper, gold, silver, or other coia, and to pre-
vent the bringing into the United States, or uttering
any coun'erfeit foreign copper, gold, s.lver, or other
coin;"
Repotted the same without amendment, and re-
commended their passage.
Mr. LINN, in pursuance of previous natice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bill;:
A bill for the relief of John E. Metcalfe and
others.
A bill to confirm the title to a certain tract of
land in the county of Mobile,
A bill to confirm certain land claims in the
Gseensburg land district, State of Louisiana.
A bill authorizing a patent to be issued to Joseph
Campan, for a certain tract of land in the State of
Michigan.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Madam de
Lusher.
A b II for the relief of Pierre Balin.
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of William Conway.
A b It for the relief of Daniel Marsaque.
A bill for the relef of Alvarfz Fisk.
A bill for the relief of Juan Belgar.
A bill for the rel ef of Francis La venture, Ebe-
nezer Ch'lds, and Linas Thompson.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Begy.
A bill for ihs rel ef of Joseph Cochran.
A bill for the relief of ihe legal representatives of
Phil. Baibour, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Charles Morgan of Loui-
siana.
A bill for the relief of Charles Morgan.
A bill for the relief of Jean Baptiste Granger.
A bill for the relief of Sebastian Butcher and
heirs and legal representatives of Bartho'omew
Butcher, Michael Batcher, and Pe'er Bloom.
A bill for the relief of Obed P. Lacey.
A bill to continue in force the act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in Missouri.
A bill tu transfer to the citizens of the parish of
Concordia, in the State of Louisiana, the interest
of ih 3 United States to acerlain tract of land.
A bill to authorize the issuing of a patent to t'-e
heirs or legal representatives of Francis Rivard,
deceas-d
A bill confirming certain land claims in Mis-
souri.
A bill to confirm certain land claims in the
Ouachita 'and rt^irict, in the Sta'e of Louisiana.
A bill to confirm laod claims in the district be-
tween the Bio Hondo and Sabine rivers.
A bi 1 to settle Ihe title to certain tracts of land
in the Sta'e of Arkansas.
A bill to am nd an act confirming certain land
cla ms in the Sia'e of Michigan.
A bill supplementary to an act entitled "An act
to amend an act for the appointment of commis-
s'oners to adju*t the claims to reservations of land
under the 14th a-ticle of the treaty of 1830, with
the Choc'aw Indians."
