8!
Congressional globe.
  WT y# *
Which were severally read twice, and referred
10 the Committee on Prívale Land Claims.
Oh motion by Mr. LINN, atTthe papers on Ale
in relation t> tiie above bill*, «toe ref.rred to the
same committee.
Mr. L. also, on leave, introduced a bill for ere*
áting-a tew land d strict in the State of Missouri,
and for «hanging the boundaries of the touthwest-
ern and western land district in said State; whiah
«as read twite, and referred to the Committee on
the Public Linds.
Mr. L. on leave  ard in pnnnance of previous
notice, introduced a hill to authorize payment to be
nadé te certain Missouri volunteers, for ser-
vices in die years 1823 and 1830; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Also, a Ml! for the relief of Pierre Menard and
others; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FtJLTON, ia-purMiance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce the following bills:
A b:ll for the relief of sundry citizens of Arkan-
sas, who lost their improvements in consequence
«fa treaty between the United States and Choctaw
Indians.
A bi i to settle the title to ce tain tracts of land in
the St te of Arkansas.
A bill to author za the inhabitants of township
e:ght north, range thirty-two west, m the State of
Arkansas, to enter a section of land in lieu ol the
sixteenth section in said town*h p, opon condition
that the same is surrendered to the United States for
mtltary purposes.
A bill to revive an act authorizing certain sol-
diets in the late war to surrender the bounty lands
drawn by them, and to locate other in lieu thereof,
and ibr other purpose-;  --              ,
Which we e severally read- twice, and referred
to- the Commutes oo the Public Linda.
Also, a bill making appropriations to complete
certain raili'ary roads in the State of Arkansas;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. ROBINSON, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the relief
of A. G. S. White; which was read twice and re-
ferred tp the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
Mr. TAPPAN gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a joint resolution to
amend the Constitution of the United States so as
to limit the .term of service of judges in the Fede-
ral courts.
Mr. SEVIER gave notice that he would to-
morrow ask leave to introduce a bill making an ap-
pro, nation for the removal of the raft in Red
river.
Mr. YOUNG, in pursuance of previous notice,
ashed and -obtained leave to introduce the follow-
ing bills:                      ,
A biü author zing the President to cause die
reserved lead mines belonging to the United Slates,
in i he several Sires and Territories, to be sold as
other public lands.   .-   ,
A bill for the* «Bef ef the widow and minor
heirs at law of Samuel Hill, deceased.
A bill for the relief of Epraiav Spraguev
A.bill for the relief of James Datton.
A bill for the relief of Jane Waller.
Which were severally read twice, and referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
* Mr, Y. «too, on leave, introduced a bill granting
to the State of Illinois the right of way through the
public lands of the United States, apd for other
purposes; which was read twice, and referred Jo the
. Committee on Roads and Canal .
A ho, a bill for the relief of Thomas H. Owen,
J tin W. Skidmore, and others; which was read
t vice, and referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Reads.
Mr. BENTON, agreeably to previous notice,
a*ked and obtained teave to introduce a bill pro-
viding for the summary collection of small bank
a tee in the District ef Columbia; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. BENTON also, agreeably to previous no-
tice, asked and .obtained leave to bring in a bill to
repeal the #et entitled "An act Eying a duty on im-

ported salt, granting a bounty on pickled fi*h ex-
ported, and allowances to cenain vessels employed
ut th* fisheries," approved July 29,1813, and to
repeal all acts in continuation or amendment of the
same; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. ROANE, agreeably to previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill giving
the assent of Congress to an act of the General As-
sembly of the State of Virginia incorporating the
Falmouth and Alexandria Railroad Company;
which was read twice, and referred to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
_ Mr. BENTON offered the following resolution,
which lays oven
Re*ol*tdt That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed t  communicate to the Senate all the in-
formation which it is in the power of the Depar-
tment to obtain as to the value of the different State
bonds in the London market. Also, the value of
the different railroad and ranal stocks of the re-
spective States in the home market.
Mr. B. also offered the following resolution,
which lays oren
Resolved, That the President of the United State?
be requested to obtain from the consti uted autho-
rities in Florida, a statement of all the Territorial
bonds issued, and authorized to be issued, in thst
Territory, with copies from the journals of the
Council, showing any thing that was done in autho-
rizing the issue of such bunds, with the
names of the members of the Council at that
time, their rotes in each case, the names
of the Governors who may have approved
law,- for the is-uingof Territorial bond*, or who
may have signed or endorsed the said bonds; also,
the purposes for which stid bonds were i**uid, and
when issued in favor of corporations, the namei
of the corporations, and the corporators and their
orBcers^and the ose made of said bond?, and the
Eresent Value of said bonds in the American and
European markets, with the condition of the cor-
porations which have had the uce of said bonds,
and how far they are fulfilling the purposes for
. which they were created. Also, a statement of all
the acts of incorporation vhich have been parsed
by the said Legislative Council of Florida, since
the 3d of March, 1823, and the acts in amend-
ment thereof, and when, and how said acts were
reported to the President of the United States, to
be laid before Congress.
Mr. B. also offered the following resorat'on,
which lays oven
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cau'e the proper inquiries to te
made of all disbursing officers and agento, and all
contractors, (the Post-Office Department incluúve,)
to ascertain from, them whether they have sold or
exchanged Government drafts or other Govern-
ment funds, or their own drafs on the Govern-
ment, daring the years 1838 and 1839, for paper
money of the following descriptions:
1. Banknotes of tbeState banks of the United
States, and especially notes of a less denomination
than twenty dollars.
- 3. Bank notes of the present Bank of the United
States, and especially no;es of a less denomination
than twenty dollars.
3. Post notes of the present Bank of the United
States, and especially any of such notes of a less
denomination than one hundred dollars; also, of
a less denomimation than twenty dollars, and
which had been made payable fit more
than sixty days afer date, or which were not
due, or which had been alter d by the pen; and if
to. that they report the times and places of such
sales or exchanges, and with whom made, and the
amounts so sold or exchanged.
Also, that the President communicate to the Se-
nate the name of any disbursing c nicer, agent, or
contractor, who shall fail to answer the foregoing
inquiries in a reasonable time. Al-o, that he com-
municate a list of such Treasury or Pon Offi -e
drafts in favor of d sbursing officers, sgente, and
contractors, for the years 1838 and 1839, as thall
appear to have been sold, with the names of the
endorsers, and to wTiom paid; that the Secretary
of the Treasury canse inquir es to be mad  of tbe
deposite banks, since the general resumption pf
specie paymen's in 1838, whether the Government
drafts which have been sold by disbursing tfficers,
agents, and conttactors, have b en usually paid n
specie; ar-difso,all the particulars as to the several
sums and total amounts paid, and to whom paid,
and where, as nearly as can be stated.
Mr. BENTON also offered the followirg resolu-
'ion:                                    , .           ,    ^.
Resolved, That there is nothing in the Constitu-
tion of the United States which can authorize the
Legislative power of ihe Union to assume the debts
of the States which have teen contracted for local
objects and State purposes.
2.  That the assumption of such debts, either
openly  by a direct promise to pay them, or dis-
guisedly, by going security for their pajment, or or
creating surplus ievenue, or ppplying the nationa.
fnnds to pay them, would be a gross and flagran.
violation ot the Constitution, wholly unwarranted
by the letter or spirit of that instrument, ard utterly
regugnant to all the obiec's aid purpose for which
the Jb ederal Unii n was formed.
3.  That besides its flagrant unconstitutionality,
such assumption would be unjust, unwise, impo-
politic and dangerous, compelling the non-indebted
Slates to incur burdens for others which they have
refused to incur for themselves—diverting the m-
t onal funds from national objec's to State
obje ts—and thereby creating a necessity for
loans or taxes or issues of Federal paper
money, to supply the place of the funds sj di-
verted—prostratirg the barriers of economy, mode-
rat on, and safely,m the crea'ion of Sate debts-,
by separating thefunct.cn of con trac tor from that ot
jayerofthe deb'—extinguish ng the sense of re-
sponsibility in the contra<"tor/and miking ihe Fede-
ral Government the ultimate payer of all the ob'i-
gations contracted by the States lor their own pur-
poses—establishing a dangerous precedent, which
must soon be followed up by new debts on the part
of the Slates, and new assumptions on the part of
the Federal Government—invading the rights an 1
mortgaging the property of posterity, and loading
unborn generations with debts not their own—cre-
ating a new national e'ebt of large amount at the
s'art, and of a nature to perpetuate its own exist-
ence—begetting a spirit in Congress, which must
constantly cater for distributions, by preventing
necessary appropriations, and keeping up unnecis-
sary taxes—laying tbe foundation for a new and
excessive tariff of duties on foreign impoi ts, to fall
unequally on different parts of the Union, and
most heavily en the planting, grain gruwin?,
and provision raising Stat s, to their manifest in-
jury, and probable gieat discontent—involving dis-
astrous consequences, either to the Union itself, or
te its members, ss tending to the consolidation of
the States, and their ultimate abject dependence on
the Federal head as the fountain of their suppl ei
or tending to the annihilaticn of the Federal head
itself, by stripping it of all its means of natura';
defence and self support, and reducing it to the
helple s imbecility of the old Confederation—giv-
ing a new impulse to the de!usive career of the pa-
per system, already in a state of dangerous over-
action—insuring the establishment of another Na-
tional Bank—and, finally, begetting a passion for
periodical distributions of lands and money, and
extensions of Federal credit, which could find no
limit to its demands until the national domain was
exhausted, the Federal Treasury emptied, and tfce
credit of the Union reduced to contempt.
4 That the dib's of the Sta'es, being now chiefly
held by foreigners, and constituting a stock iri fo-
reign markets, now greatly depreciated, any lee.s-
la<ive attempt to obtain the asmmpton or security-
ship of ihe Unitt d States for their payment, or to
provide for their payment out of ihe national
funds, must have the effect of enhancing
the ■ value of that stcck to the amount of a
great many millions of dollars, to the enor-
mous and undue advantage of foreign capitalists,
and of jobbers and gamblers in st >cks thereby
holding i ut inducements to fore goers to interfere
in our affairs, and to bring all the influences of a
moneyed power to operate upon public opinion,
upon our elections, and upon ¿tate and Federal le-
gislation, to produce a consummation so tempting
to their cupidity, and so profitable to their interest.
