fio
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
YÜkS—Mem. Alford, Hugh J. Anderson, Simeon H.
Anderson, Andrew , Athertoa, Bank , Beauy, Beirne, Bell,
Boyd, Brewster, AWon V. Brown, Albeit G. Brown, Burke,
Sampson H. Bauer, William O. Butler, Bynum, John Camp-
bell, Wm. B. Campbell, Can-, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Chinn,
Ootqaio, Crabb, Crery, Crockett, Cross, Dana, John Davis,
Jjhn W. Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson, Dillett, Doig, Earl,
Eastman, Fisher, Fornarce, U&lbrailh, James Garland, Rice
Garland, Gentry, Goggin, Granara, Green, Griffin, Hill of
Virginia, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Hook, Hopkins,
Soward, Hubbard,-Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson,
elm, Kerable, King, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Luces, McClelUn,
McCulloeh, McKay, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montanya,
Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Pope, Ramsey,
B*yner. Reynolds, Ridgway, James Rogers, Samuels, Shaw,
Mtepttd, Thomas Smith, Stanly, Sueurod, Strong, Stuart,
Sumter, Sweeny, Taliaferro, Taylor, Waddy Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Triplet!, Turney, Underwood, David D. Wagener.
Waneru Watterson, Edward" D. White, John White, Jared
W. Wiffiems, Lew  Williams, Christopher H. Williams, and
SMrrod Williams-10?.
NAY*—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Barnard, Biddle,
Black, Brians, Broekway, Anson Brown, Calhoun, Chittenden,
Clark, Clifford, Cotes, Corwin, Cranston,  Curtis, Cushing,
favee, Edward Davie*, Doan, Duncan. Ely, Evans, Everett,
ill more, Fletcher, Floyd, Gat s, Giddings, Goods, Granear,
Habersham, Hall, Hand, William 8 Hastings, John Hastings,
Henry, Hollinan, Hunt, Jackson, James, Charles Johnston,
Nathaniel Jones, Kempsliall, Leadbetter, Lincoln, Lowell,
Marvin, Mason, Morgan, Calvary Mortis, Nisbet, Ogle, Os-
borne, Palea, Parish, Parmenter, Parris, Paynter, Peck,
Pickens, Prendas, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Reed, Edward
Rogers, Russell, Slade, Albert Smith, John Smith, Truman
Bmith, Starkwtatherjttorrs, Swearingen, Tillinghast, Tbland,
Trumbull, Peter J. Wagner, Waller, Thomas W. Williams,
Henry Williams, and Joseph L. Williams—82.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked if the motion of
fte motion of the gentleman from. South Carolina,
{Vir. Thompson,] made on Friday last, to reconsi-
der the vote on ordering the message to be printed,
sad been entered on the journal.
Mr. W. THOMPSON presumed that it had, and
h* was now entitled to the fleer apon that motion.
if it had net, he wonld now make the motion.'
Mr. JAMESON then rose and made a point of
order, in these words:
"He rase from his seat, [on Friday last,] ad-
dressed the Skaus, wai announce| by the Sfkak-
** as being «milled to the ftwr; and while in the
possesion of" the same, seat a resolution tothe
Clerk's table. Before the resolution was read, and
the question arising from it was stateJ from the
Cruia, and while he (the said Jameson) was still in
possession of the floor, the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Thompson] rose from his seat and
made a motion to reconsider the vote given in re-
< tation to the printing of the President's message.
"The points of order arising on the statement
above are' theses
"T. The S suxxashonld'not«Blett m a motion
t0 reconsider, before another motion, that had
been previously made in wrrtng, and sent to the
Cferk's table, had been read, and stated by the
SpcaKKB, (rale 37;) for it might itself be a motion
to reaonsider, for- any thing the Speaker might
know, before it was read.
*2. Trie motion to reconsider eannot takesnch
precedence over other motions as to require a gen-
tleman, who is Jn possession of the floor, to yield
it—for that cannot be done even upon a motion to
adjourn, «h ch is considered always in order, ex-
cept wlwn a member has the floor."
Tne CHAIR said he had announced the gentle-
man from Missouri, on Friday last, as entitled to
the floor; and the motion of the gentleman from
SOath Carolina te reconsider, was not entered on
the journal.    Bat as irn gentleman from South
Carolina had risen this morning, and made the mo-
tion, it was the first bus ness now in order.
-     Mr. JAMESON contended, that as he was en- :
titled to the floor on his resolution, the gentleman
front -South Carolina could not make the motion to
reeonsidej-.
The CHAIR decided that the gentleman from
- South Carolina was entitled lo the floor then.  The
gentleman from Missouri, he said, would be en-
titled to the floor, when resolutions were iq order.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina addressed
the Home at considerable length, going into a re-
view of the "various topics, loocied upon in the
Message of the President of the Uní ed States. He
eoAsderrd that that document was writen with
unque.«troned ability and dexterity, if he might us3
suerra t*rm without disrespect to the President;
but he contended that the President was not trae
lo many of the doctrines put forth in the mes-
sage.    Willi regard 10 the State Rights doctrines
of ihe metsige, they were his doctrines   every
particular, but when he read them, ha was re-
minded of the admirable doctrines contained in the
message of President Jackson in 1836, and of his
bad faith in isíuing that odious document to the
South, the proclamation, but nine days afterwards
He   feared Mr. Van Buren would   be as un-
faithful to these doctrines as Gen. Jackson was.
He commented with soma severity upon the part
of the message in relation to the Florida war, and
upon the proposition of the Secretary of War to
bring that contest to a close.   He pronounced the
course of the Administration in relation to that war
imbecile, and calculated to bring disgrace upon
the military service of the United Slates, and de-
clared thai he would never vo'e appropriations for
carrying on that struggle, unless the Government
pursued a coarse better calculated to bring it to a
termination than it had rxea. He next went into an
examination of that part of the message in relation
to the finances of the country, contending that the
Government had be n most extravagant in it* ex-
penditores, and declaring that Congress would be
compelled to borrow ten millions of dollars in ad-
dition to the usual revenues of ihe year to carry on
the operations of the Government for the coming
year.   With regard to the Sub-Treasury system, he
contended that it could not be carried into opera-
tion, without orerating most oppressively upon the
people of the country.    Trie effect of it would be,
and the object of the President doubtless was, to
e&tablish a metallic currency, and to destroy the
banks of the country; and this would produce such
a depression in the prices of property, Ac. as would
never be submitted to by the people of this coon'ry.
Mr. THOMPSON having concluded,
Mr. DUNCAN moved the previous question on
the motion made by that gentleman.   Some of the
documenta, Mr. D.aaid, which the gentleman ani-
madverted on, would answer him.                      ,
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina said, that
as his sole objeat was to promote discussion on the
subject of the message, and as that object had
■been defeated by the call for the previous ques-
tion, he would withdraw his motion.
Mr. UNDERWOOD presented various amend-
ments to the rules; which were read, referred to
the Select Committee on the rules, and ordered to
bejjrinted.   <
Mr. SERGEANT submitted a resolution in re-
lation to e*c?8j of postage paid by members of
Congress; which was adopted.
The resolution laid on the table on Friday, for
the printing of 10,000 copies of the Report of the
Secretary of the Treasury on the Finances, was ta-
ken up and adopted.
Mr. ADAMS, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave, and introduced a bill to
provide for the disposal and management of the fund
bequeathed by James Smitbson, deceased, to the
United States, for the establishment of an institu-
tion lor the increase and diffusion of knowledge
among men. Read twice, and referred to a select
committee to consist of nine members.
Mr. DUNCAN submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resohtd, That the Speaker is hereby advised and
directed to swear into office Messrs, Philemon
Dickers >n, Peter D. Vroom, Daniel B. Rtall,
William R. Cooper, and Joseph Kille, mem-
bers elect from the State of New Jersey, and said
members thereon be directed to take their seats un-
til the contest i« regularly determined by the
House.
Mr. RANDOLPH suggested that the resolution
was not in order, il requiring a vole of two-thirds
to allow of its recep ion.
Mr. DUNCAN contended that it was a privileged
motion that he had submitted, and tnerefo.e it could
be offered at any time.
Mr. WISE objected to the reception of the reso-
lution at that time. He would suig st to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that many mernbeis were absent
who wished to vote on th's question, and that he had
better not press its consideration at present.
Mr. DUNCAN observed that th.'s was a ques-
tion of privilege, and had never before rein acted
on. It related to the rights of the State of New
Jers-y, and her Representatives here- He would
say to the gentleman from Virginia [Mr, Wise]
-that he had no wish to push the consideration of
the resolution at this time; but he wished to ad-
dress the House on that subject, and as several
members had express d a wish for an adjournment,
he would move that the House now adjourn.
Mr. PICKENS suggested that there were seve-
ral public documents on the Speaker's table re-
quring the action of the House, and he hoped the
gentleman from Ohio wou'd withdraw his motion
until they could be disposd of.
Mr. DUNCAN withdrew his motion, saying
that he did not, in so doing, yield his right to the
floor.
Mr. ADAMS inquired if the paper subm tted by
the member from Ohio [Mr. Duncan] was before
the House.
The SPEAKER replied that it was not; and that
it required a suspension of ths rules before that pa-
per could be received.
Mr. DUNCAN appealed from the decision of
the Chair, on the ground that his resolution was a
privileged motion, relating to the rights of the Re-
presentative* of one of the States of the Union;
bu', on taking the question, the House sustained
the decision of the Speaker without a division.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing messiges from the President of the United
States:
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith a report made to me by the
Secretary of the Treasury, with accompanying
documen's, in regard to some difficulties which
have occurred concerning the kind of papers
deemed necessary to be provided by law tor the
use and protection of American vessels engaged in
the whale fisheries, and would respectfully invite
the considera'ion of Congress to some new legis'a-
tion On a subject of so much interest and difficulty.
M. VAN.BUREN.
Washington, Dec 17,1839.
To the House of Representatives:
I transmit herewith to Congress a report frorr. the
Secretary of State, on the subject of the law pro-
viding for taking the sixth census of the United
States, to which I invite your early attention.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, Dec. 37,1839.
The SPEAKER communicated me following
documents, viz:
A report from the Secretary of the Treasury, ex-
hibiting certain transfers of appropriations of the
War Departmeut.   Also,
A report from the same, exhibiting certain
transfers of appropriations made in that Depart-
ment; both of which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Expenditures, and ordered to be
printed.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmit'ing, in pursuance of the act of 3d March,
1799, an abstract of the retaras made by collectors-,
showing the number of registered American sea-
men. Laid on the table, and ordered to be piiated.
A report of the Secretary of the Treasury, on
the accounts of Charles J. Ingersoll, which vas
referred to the Committee of Claims, and ordered
tobe printed.
A report from the Secretary of the Treasury, in
cimpliance wjih a resolution óf the Senate in rela-
tion to the execution of the 13th and 14th Feetions
of the act to regulate the deposites of the public
money, approved June 23,1836; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, and ordered
to be printed.
A report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
tran*mnting the report of F. R. Has'ler, as su-
perintendent of the survey of the coast and of the
construction of standards of weigh sand measurer;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and 503 additional copie  ordered to be
printed.
A report from the Secretory rf Slate in relation
to the expend tore of the contingent fnnd of that
Department; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
A report from the Secretary of the Navy, in re-
lation to the expenditure of the contingent fund of
that Department} which wW referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance,
