F
A letter from ihe Commissioner of the Public I
Building, reporting the manner which all appro-
priations lor the public buildings and ground* have |
btea applied; whch was refe red to the Coaamillee
on Pub ic Buildings.
A communication from the Department of State,
transmitting, in compliance with the second section
of the act making appropriations for the civil and
diplomatic expenditures of the Government, a
statement showing the expenditures of that Depart-
ment for the past year, la d on the tibie, and on
derrd to be printed.
The annual report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office: referred to the Committee on
the Pool c Lands, and ordered to be printed.
A report from the Secretary of the Treasury on
the petitira of sundry citizens of Wisconsin in re-
lauon to the lead mines of that Teintor): referred
to the Committee on the Pubüc Lands, and oidered
to be primed.
A rvpoit from (he Secretary of the Treasury in
relation to the British colonial trade: referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
A report from the Secreta)y of the Treasury in
relation to the Chickasaw fund: referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
A report of the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting the result of an examination and survey of
Block Island: referred to the Commit.es on Com-
merce, and erdered to be printed.
A report from the Secretary of the Treasu-y, be-
ing a supp'nnent to the statements transmitted 4th
January, 1836, exhibiting the sums paid  yearly >
under each material head of expenditure from 1834 '
to 1839: referred to  the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures, and ordered to be printed.
A report of the Secretary of the Treasury on the
subject of dones on railroad iron: referred to the
Committee on Manufactures, and ordered to be
printed.
A report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
she wine the names of the applicants for rdif,
under the act f r the relief of certain insolvent
debtors of the United Sutes: laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
A report from the Secretary of the Treasury,
snowing the amount received yearly for five years
past, by each collector of the customs, on account
of tines and forfeitures: referred to the Com matee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
A report from the Secretary of War, with a re-
port from the Commissioner ef Pennon. , m obedi-
ence to the resolution of 29th May, 1839, in rela-
tion to pensioners who have made application for
increase of pension: laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
A report from the Secretary of War, showing the
expenditures of the contingent fund of the War   I
Department for the past year: referred to the Com-   I
mitteeon the Expenditures of the War Depart-   ,
ment, and ordered to be printed.                                  ¡
Two reports from tiie Secretary of the Navy, in
relation to the expenditures of the Navy Depart- I
ment for the past year: referred  to the Committee
en the Expenditures of the Navy Department, and 1
ordered to be printed.
A repo t from the Secretary of the Treasury, re- ¡
lalive to certain transfers of appropriations of the
Navy Department: referred to the same committee,
and ordered to be printed.
Two reports from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting statements from the Second and
Fourth Auditors, showing the balances standing on
their books: laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
A report from the Secretary of the Treasury on
the commerce and navigation of the United States
for the year 1839: laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Two reports from the Commissioner of the Pub-
lic Building , shewing the progress made in the
public works, and the expenditures for the same
during the last y eat: referred to the Committee on
the Public Bui!dmg<, and ordered to be printed.
The Annual Report of the Clerk of the House:
referred to the Committee of Accounts, and. or-
dered to be printed; aftsr which,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER communicated ctrtain docu-
ment in relation to the New Jersey elections.
Mr. RANDOLPH moved to refer them to the
Committee of Elections.
Mr. TURNEY moved 'o attend the motion, by
referring to ihe same commutes the certificates of
the Governor of New Jersey, and all ihe papers in
relation u the New Jersey elections in possession
of the House.
Mr. WILLIAM3 of North Carolina inquired
what was the nature of the document communica-
ted by the Speaker, and how it came in possession
of the House.
The SPEAKER said the document was coru-
po«ed of certain depositions taken in New Jerey,
in relation to the late elections there for members of
this House, and which had been transmitted to him
by mail, and that the House was not in possession
of any other documents on the subject.
Mr HUBBARD was opposed to any reference
whatever. There was, he said, no case of con-
tested e'ections to go to the committee. A'l the
questions that had been agitated in the House, had
been in reference to the returns only. The only
question that had been before them was, who were
returned as members from New Jersey. When
the question of contest was raised, then it would be
time to refer the matter to the Committee on Elec-
tions.
Mr. BELL entirely concurred with the gentle-
man from Alabama. There was no petition con*
tes'ing the seats of sitting members, for the House
bad decided that five of the New Jersey mem-
b«rs should not take their s'a s. This question
should be brought fairly before the Hoose, and if
no other member did, he would bring it forward as
a privileged motion. He understood that there
were four or five gentlemen claiming sea's as Re-
presentatives from New Jersey, who had been
waiting hete since the commencement of ihe s s-
sion, and their claims had not as yet been decided
on. He hoped the House would proceed wib
caution in th s matter, and recollect that they were
about setting a prec d-nt that would be followed in
time tocóme, and not lorse'y refer these matteis to
a committee before any petition or question cf con-
tes'ed rights wis before them. If the House would
receive a resolution that would relieve it from the
difficulty in which it was involved, he was pre-
pared now to make i'. He thought that the
motion submiited by the gent'eman from Ohio
[Mr. Duncan] was the only one male in order this
morning, for it wa« a puvileged motion, inasmuch
as it related to the question as to who shall occupy
the vacant seats of the represen'ation from New
Jersey.
Mr. WISE contended that the reference pro-
posed was exactly the way in which the question
could be breusht fairly before the House. The
commitiee would, after examining the return*, and
the testimony in po session of the Hou e, make up
their report, showing who have the legal creden-
tial, and who ought to take their frsa's as the s'tting
members, while tiey are engaged in c llecun  te -
timony to enab'e the House to decide who are ulti-
mately entitled to membership. This seemed t)
him to be the regular mode of proceeding, and he
hoped the House would adopt it.
Mr. DUNCAN inqu.red of the Chair whether
the returns of the polls at South Amboy and Mill-
ville, which were suppressed, were to be consi-
dered as inclJded in the metion of reference, and
would be sent with the other documents to the
C immittee of Elections?
The CHAIR supposed that the papers referred
to by the gentleman from Ohio woulJ not be in-
cluded in the reference, and that no o'her papéis
would be referred than the depositions just laid
before the House.
Mr. DUNCAN observed that he had so sup-
posed; and as to those depositions, if ihey were lop-
sided, as he suspected,he should object to their re-
ception.
Mr. RANDOLPH observed that the deprs'tions
h%d been taken in accordance with the laws of
New Jersey, and transmitted to the Speaker as di-
rected by law.
Mr. BRIGGS inquired how these depositions
came before the House.
n
The SPEAKER said that he had rece ved them
by mail, directed to him as Speaker of the House
ot Represenia'ives.
Mr. BRIGGfS then observed that they were not
properly before ihe House at this time. The lu'e
wa«, when the Speaker rece ved papers by mail, to
retain them until calling over the States for the
presentation of petitions, and then such paper was
presented when Ihe name of the State it came from
was called.
Mr. BELL apprehended, that the only question
in order, and that could be in order, was, who were
returned as members fom   New Jersey.     The
House ought to decide this question in some form
or other; but lie hoped the gentleman from Ohio,
after what had been said by the gtntlenian from
Virginia, as to the absence of members, wouli not
press thi<s question for the present.
i'      Mr. ADAMS was in favor of a reference of all
the papéis relating to  the subjret, and of giving
!   the committee pon er to send for persons and pa-
|   per?; and the committee, he said, should be in-
!   structei to inquire and  report  to the   House who
J are members from the State of New Jersey; and
that ihey have leave to report by bill or otherwise.
,      Mr. DUNCAN said he rose to inquire whether
certain papers were or were not in possession of
the Hause, and whether they would be referred to
the conmittee.    He  had  been informed by the
¡ Speaker that there were no other papers in posses-
sion of the House, or that would be referred, ex-
cept  these one-sided depositions taken to support
the claims of ihe certificate members.   He should,
therefore, oppose the motion.   Mr. D. here yielded
the floor to
Mr. TURNEY, on whose motion
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tue-dav, December 31, 1839.
Mr. HUBBARD presented certain resolutions
of the Legislatura of New Hampshire, instructing
their S nators, and requesting tbe.r Repn sentatives
in Congress, to the following effect:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
in General Court convened, Tint, jn ihe opinion of
th s Lfgislature, all connection between banking
corpoianoas and the Government of the United
States, should be dissolvtd.
Jlnd be it further Resolved, That, in the opinion
of this Legislature, no medium, or currency,
should te received in piyment of the revenues of
the General Government, except gold and silver.
And be it further Resolved, Tnat, in the opinion
of thjiLtgi Lture, the Indep.ndentTreasufy is ihe
only system for receiving, keeping, and di^bursirg
th? public revenoes, recognised by the Const tution
of the UniUd States.
And be it further Resolved, That the  Senators
from this State in the Congress of ihe United States
be instructed, and the Representatives requeste I, to
use al pro.icr exertions to effect the adoption of the
j   Independent Treasury.
i       Ttie resolutions wee ordered to lie on the tab'e
j   and be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presen'ed the memorial of tl.e
Chevalier De GerstnT, pray ng Congn ss to grant
h'm the copyright, for five years, of certain s ans-
tical works; which was referred to the Committee
on Patents, aod ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of Hannah
Gouge, a widow of a Revolutionary sold.er, who
had resided in New York 104 year', asking for a
pens'on; which was referred to the Commit'ee on
Pensions.
Mr. W. also prfs*nled the petition of James
Thompson, agent of the British and Foreign Bible
Scciety, reques ing permission to enter Bibles at
the city of New York free of duly, for transmis-
sion to the Candas, while the naviga'ion of ihe St.
Lawrence is obstructed by ice; which was r.ferred
to ihe Com-nittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PIERCE presented cer am resolut'ons of
the Legislatuie of Nev Hampshire, in trusting
their Senator  and requesting tne.r Representatives
in Congress, to the following eilec :
Whe eas certain propositions hive been before
Ihe Congress of the United States, having lor their
object the distribution of ihe proceeds ot the sales
