tod
GOKGRESSIONAL GLOM.
of the public lands; and whereas such a measure,
in the opinion of this Legislature, is not on'y un-
constitutional, bat is calculated to diminish the
publ;e revenue and increase indirect taxation, by
affording a pretext for the continuance of a high
tariff—iherefbre,
Rttolttd by the Smote end Hotut ofRtpr&entaHvtt
in Genera! Court convened, That our Senators in
Congress be instructed, and the Representatives
from this State be requesed, to oppose every at-
tempt which shall be made to divide the proceeds
of the sales of the public lands among the several
States, or to make any other deposition thereof
except for the constitutional purpose of providing
for the common welfare and general defence of the
United Stat s.
The resolutions were ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
•         Mi. ROANE presented cerain resolutions of the
Legislature of Virginia, requesting Congress to
make an additional grant of land to satisfy out-
standing military bind warrants; wh'ch were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Jadi-
eiary, to which had been refeired the bill for the
relief of Pierre Menard, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be refer-
red to the Committee on Revolutionary Ckvm<;
which Was agreed to.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the petition of the
Trastees of the Presbyterian Church, at Connecticut
Farms, for relief; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama gave notice that to-mor-
row be would ask leave to bring in a bill for the
relief of D. A. Saltmarsh and Co.
Mr. BENTON preJented the petition of Nathan
Rsaaey, collector of the port of St. Louis; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
* Mr. B said, while he was up, he would make
some suggestions Fspectiog-Jhe number of docu-
ments ordered to be printed for the Senate. They
had adopted the present number when the Senate
«as much smaller than at present; and by the in-
crease in the number of Senators, the number of
documents received by each for distribution, was
greatly reduced. He thought that 9,500 would
bear about the same proportion to the number of
Senators at present,' as 1,506 did when it was
adopted.
Several Senators requesting Mr. B. to make a
motion to that effect, be moved that 1000 addi-
tional copies of the President's message and ac-
companying documents be printed for the use of
the Senile; which was unanimously agreed fo.
Oh motion by Mr. ALLEN, the pet tion and pa-
pers on fi e in relation to the case of John Giigsby,
were referred to the Committee on Pens ons.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petit on of Samuel B.
Smith, praying that ctr ain duties may be refunded;
whkh was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of J. W.
Nye, assignee of Pet r Bargy, jr.; which was re-
ferred to the Commit ee on Claims.
Mr. WHITE of la  presen'ed the pet tlon ofc frsens
- of Upper Wabash, in the State of Indian , and the
pe irion of citizens of Clinton and Carr counties,
praying for certa;n designated mail routes; which
.., were refeired to the Commit ee on the Post Oflke
and Pott Roads.
. Mr. MERRICK presented the petition of John
Carter, praying fo? permission to bring a servant
into the District; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Distrjot of Columbia.
Mr. BEITS presented the petition ot certain
manufecturers ot pins, praying for a reduction of
the duty on brass wire; which was referred to the
Committee on Manufactures.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial from certain
captains and engneersof steamboats on the Mis-
sissippi, in íehvion to the adoption of a system for
the prevent'on of the explosions of boilers, which
was referred to the Committee on Com nerce.
Mr. LINN presented a series of resolutions of
' the Legislature of Missouri, relating to the public
Mmds; whioh was referred to the Committee on the
Polka Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. L. also presented resolutions of the same
body on the subject of the 16th sec'ioos.
Also, requestmg'a grant of land for public schoo's;
which were referred to the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands.
Also, requesting a grant of land to aid in con-
structing a lailroad to Jefferson city; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Also, requesting an appropriation for the im-
provement of the navigation of the Des Moines
river; which was referred to the Committee oa
Commerce.
On motion of Mr. PULTON, certain resolutions
of the Leg'slature of Arkansas, in favor of ceding
the public lands to the States in which they lie, and
in relaion to the settlers on school lands, which
were on the files of the Senate, wete referred to
ths Committee on the Public Latds.
On motion by Mr. P. the memorial of John K.
L. Norman, praying a grant of land in aid of a
collegiate institution in «be Territory of Florida,
now on file, and additional papers, were referred
to the Committee on the Pablie Lands.
On motion by Mr. CLAY of Alabama, the me-
morial of the Legislature of Alabama, asking the
Federal Government to surrender the canal con-
nected with Muscle shoals to that State, now on
file, was referred to the Comooitte on Roads and
Canals.
Mr. NORVELL submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was consider, d and agreed to:
Rttolved, That the memorial of a number of the
naturalized citizens of Michigan, presented at the
last session, praying for the adoption of measures
more effectually to secure the recognition and
maintenance of the rights of that c'aw ot the citi-
zens of the United States, be taken from the files
of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
-- Mr. N. in pursuance of notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to bring in a bill granting to the State
of Michigan a quantity of land to ad in construct-
ing a canal around the Falls of Ste. Marie; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
the Pablie Land'.
Mr.  N. also gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to bring in a bill fixing the aa'a-
' ries of several district judges ef the United States.
Oh motion by Mr. WHITE, certain papers on
fi'e were referred to the Committee on Claims,
On motion by Mr. ROANE, papers in relation
to several claims, now oa file, were referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. PIERCE presented the petition of Mrs.
Catharine Howard; which Was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CALHOUN gave notice that, on Friday
next, he won d ask leave to bring in a bill to cede
(he public lands to the States in which they lie, on
ceitiin conditions.
Mr. ROANE presented the pet't'ou of John
Spottiswood; which was referred io the Committee
on Revolutionary Claim?.
Als->, the petition of Capí. Robert White; -which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. CRITTENDEN, the papers
on file in relation to the claim of Joseph Ciaxton,
were referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MOUTON presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of the State of Louisiana, in rela-
t oa to the construction of a levee on the sooth
bank of Red river; the opening cf the Bayou
L'Ean Blanc; the validity of titles to land «nder
French and Spanish grant*; and in relation to the
lfth sections in that S'ate.
Mr. BeTTS presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Connecticut on the subject of a national
foundry, and recommending the Housatonic valley
as a suitable site for that purpose; which were laid
"on the table, and ordered to be printed.   >
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the remtm-
ttrance of certain warriors, sachems and headmen
of the Seneca Indians against the ratification of the
treaty lately concluded with that nation; which
was re'erred to the Committae oa the Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Indiana,
'   Orikrei, That the memorial of the Legislature
of Indiana of the last session, relative to a canal at
the falls of Ohio, on the Indiana side, and all peti
titioas on the same subject, on the files of the Se-
nate, be referred to the Committee on Roads and
Mr WHITE of Tennessee, from the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, to which had been referred
A bill for the relief of John McCarty; and
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Murphy;
Reported the same without amendment.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which the following bills had been
referred, reported the same without amendraen',
Viz:
Á bill for the relief of Gen. Ma'hew Arbuckle.
A bill for the re'ief of John E. Metcalf and
others.                                                                          .   .
A bill to confirm the title to a certain tract of
land in the county of Mobile.
A bill to confirm certiin land claims in the
Greensburgh land district, State of Louisiana.
A bill authorizing a patent to be issued to Joseph
Campan, for a certain tract of land in the State of
Michigan.                                        - .  j      j
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Madam de
Lusser.
A bill for the relief of Pierre Balm.
A bill for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of William Conway.
A bill for the relief of Daniel Marsaque.
A bill for the relief of Alvarez Fisk and Thomas
P. Eskridge.
A bill for the rel'ef of Alvarez Fisk.
A bill for the rel ef of Juan Belgar.
A bill for the relief of Francis Laventure, Ebe-
nezer Childs, and Linas Thompson.
A bill for thi re ief of Joseph Bogy.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Cochran.
A bill for the relief of Charles Morgan of Loui-
siana.
A bill for the re'ief of Charles Morgan.
A bill for the relief of Jean Bapti-te Granger.
A bill for the relief of Sebastian Butcher and
heirs and legal representatives of Bartholomew
BntCher, Michael Butcher, and Peier Bloom.
A bill for the relief of Obed P. Lacey.
A bill to continue in force the act for the final
adjustment of private land claims in Missouri.
A bill to transfer to the citizens of the parish of
Concordia, in the State of Louis'ana, the interest
of the United States to a certain tract of land.
A bul to authorize the issuing of a patent to the
heirs or legal representatives of Francis Rivard,
deceased.
A bill confirming certain land claims in Mis-
soar i.
A bill to confirm certain land claims in the
LOoaehita land di trict, in the State of Louisiana..
0      A bill to confirm land claims in the district be-
1   tween the Rio Hondo and Sabine rivers.
f—. A bill to settle the title to certain tracts of land
ill the State of Arkansas 
A bill to amend an act confirming certain land
claims in the State of Michigan.
- Mr. L. also, in pursuance ef notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce
A bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Phil. Barbour, deceased; which was read twice, and
referred to the Commitiee on private Land Cairns.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Commitiee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been re-
ferred a bill for the relief of A. G. S. White, re-
ported the same w;th an amendment.
Mr. R. also, from the same committee, to which
had been referred                              -    •
A bill for the relief of Thomas H. Owen and
John W. Skidmore; and
A bill for the relief of Samuel R. Slaynuker,
Reported the same without amendment. ;
' Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee on
Public Lands,, to which had been referred a bill to
relinquish to the State of Alabama, for pur-
pose  therein named, the Two percent, fond, re-
ported the same without amendment.
Mr. ENIGHT, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of Samuel Griffith; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee oa Pensiona.
Mr. BROWN, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in a bill supplementary
