pé
of the revcnae laws, asked that that committee
should be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, in pursuance of pre-
vious notice, asked and obtained leave to introduce
s bill for the relief of Avery, Saltmarsh, and Co.;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Offire and Post Roads.
Mr. CALHOUN, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduc; a bill
to cede the public lands within the limits of the
new States, upon certain conditions therein men-
tioned; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
punted.
Mr. NORVELL, in pursuance of previous no-
t ce, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
fixing the salaiies of several district judges of the
United State ; which was read twice, and referred
to the Commitif e rn the Judiciary.
Mr. STRANGE, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to amend
"sn act to prohib.t the importation of slaves into
any port or place within the jurisdiction of the
United Sta'es, from and after the first day of
January, in the year of our Lord one thousand
eight hundred and eight, approved the 2d day of
March, 1807. 
Mr. BENTON, from the Commitee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to which was referred that part of the
President's message relating to military affairs, re-
ported a bill for the armed occupation and settle-
ment of that patt of the Territory of Florida
over.nn by bands of maraud ng Indians; which
was made the special order of the day for Monday
next.
Mr. SMITH submitted the following resolution,
which, by unanimous consent, was considered and
agreed to:
Resofoed, That the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals be instructed to inquire what legislation, if
any, be necessary to confirm to the Stale of Indi-
ana the land claimed and selected by her under the
provisions of the act of Cot ?ress of March 2,1827,
entitled "An act to grant a certain quantity of land
to the State of Ibdiana for the purpose of aiding the
State in opening a canal to connect the waters of
the Waba h with those of Lake Erie," for that por-
tion of the canal between the mouth of the Tippe-
canoe river and Terre fiante, and that document
No. 32, in vol. 3, of the House of Representatives
Executive Documents of i he Twenty- fifth Congress,
be referred to said committee.
Mr. CLAY of Ketncky gave notice, that to-
morrow he would ask leave to introduce a bill in
relation to copy lights.
Mr. C sta*ed that he regretted that he was de-
tained by indisposition this morning, and prevented
from being present when the bid was introduced by
the Sena'or from South Carolina IMr. Calhoun]
for ceding the public lands to cettiin States within
which they are situated. He had wished to suggest
some other reference of it than to the Committee on
the Public Lands; but, unless some Senator would
move a reconsideration of the order ot reference to
that committee, he could not offer the suggestion
which he wished to male.
Mr. SOUrHARD then moved the reconsidera 
t.'on.
Mr. CALHOUN remarked that he hoped the
Senate would not agree to the motion, unl- ss some
g. od reason should be as-signed why the 1 id should
not re referred to thi Commitiee on ihe Public
Lands. It was the appropriate committee, and the
bill referred itself to it as a matter of course, un'ess
there should be fome specific and sufficient ol.jec-
tioi.
Mr. CLAY said he was indifferent as to the dt's-
posi ion of the matter, but, as the committee was
constituted, four of is five members were from the
new States.   He meant to offer no d;«resp< ct to
them; but he must say that this was a measure
which, disguised as it may be, and colorable as its
provisions were, was, in effect, a donation of up-
wards of one hundred millions of acres of the com-
mon property oí aJI the States of this Union to par-
ticular Stites.   He did not think it right that such
a measure should be committed to the bauds of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Senators exclusively representing the donees. He
thought that a committee ought to be constituid
in which the old S ates should have a fuller and
fairer representation. We should at least preserve
the decorum of legislation, and not violate the de-
cencies of justice.
Whilst up, Mr. Clay would be glad to learn
wheiher the Adminis:r<ition is in favorof or against
this measure, or stands r.euual and uncommitted,
this inqu'ry he svould not make, if the recett rels-
t ons, between the Senator who introduced this till
and the head of that A ministration, continued to
exist; but rumors, of which the city, the circles, and
the preis are full, asseit that those relations are en-
tirely changfd, and have, within a few days, been
substituted by others of an intimate, friendly, and
confiden ial nature.    And ¡^hort'y after the time
when this new state of things is alleged to have
taken place, ihe Senator gave notice of his inten-
tion to move to introduce this bill.     Whither this
motion has or has not any connection with thaf ad-
justment of former differences, the public wou'd, he
had no doubt, be glad to know.   At all events, it is
I imporiant to know in what relation of support, op-
j po-ition, or neutrality, the Administration actually
! stands to this momentous measure; and he (Mr.
'  C.) supposed that the  Senator from South Caro-
! lina, or some o her Senator, could communicate
! the desired information.
'      Mr. CALHOUN replied, that this was not the
j proper occasion to difcuss the merits of the bill; but
n if it were, the task would be an easy one, to show
II that the Senator  had most  erroneously   charac-
I   terized it.   The question at  i>sue is on the refe-
rence, and he must express his surprise at the rea-
son assigned by the Senator why it should not be
rererred to the committee to which it had been.
His reason is, that the committee was, for the most
part,   composed   of   members   from   the   new
Sta'e% and who would, therefore, be too favorable
to the bill.   No one krev better than the Senator
that all bills should be referred to committees fa-
vorable to them.   There is no principle t-e ter esta-
blished in the parliamentary code.   It follows, that
the very ieason he has assigned for not making the
reference, is the strongest to prove that it should be
made.
But ihe Stn.tir did not l'm't himself to objec-
tions to the reference. He intr dncel other and
extraneous personal mater; and a^-k^d whether the
bill had the san*t'on of the Executive, ass'gning as
a reason fcr his inquiry, that, if ra-nor was to be
credi'ed, a chani.e of personal relation had taken
rlare uetwean the President snd myself within the
last few day?. He (Mr. C.) would appeal to the
Senate whether it was decorous or proper that his
personal re'ations should be drawn in quest.on
hete. Whether hi should establish or suspend
personal relations with the President or any other
person, is a private and personal concern, which
telonss to himself individually to determine on the
proptiety, without consulting any one, much less
the Senator. It was none of his concern, and he
has no right to question me in relation to it.
But the Senatcr assumes tint a charge in |my
personal relations involves a change of pulitical
position; and it is on that he founds his right to
make the inquiry. He jurjg s, doubtless, by his
own experienre; but I would have him to under-
stand, sad Mr. C. that what may be irue in his
own ca*e on a memorable orc?si<m, is not true in
mint?. H's pol.tcal coaise may re governed by
personal consideration*, tut mine, I irmt, is g -
verned stiicily by my pr'nciples, and is not at all
under the contal rf my attachments or enmitie*.
Wheiher the Pres'dent is psrsonnly my friend or
enemy, has no influence over me in the discharge
of my duties, as, I trust, mv course has abundant^
proved. Air. C. conclud d by saying, that he felt
that these were improper topics to introduce here,
aed that he had passed over them as biirflyas
pofsibie.
AJr. CLAY wished it to be understood, that his
objections were not because the committee was
composed of a majotity who were friends of the
measure, but that a majotity were from the New
States, who were deeply interested, and that th:s
majority were to judge of the terms on wheh they
would receive this magnificent donation.   He con-
f                                         '                                  ——-—■----------------------■*-------------------~
tended that his question, as to whether this was an
Administration measure tr not, was a proper one,
as it was important for the public information. He
a ain referred to the rumors of Mr. Calhoun's
new relations with the President, and supposed
from the declarations of the Stnator, th.-,t the?e
rumors were true; and that his support, if not
pledged, was at least promised conditionally to the
Administration. Was it of no importance to the
public to learn that these pledges ana compromises
had been enter, d into?—thit the distinguished Se-
nator had made his bow in court, kissed the hand
of the monarch, was taken into favw, and agreed
henceforth to support Irs edict-?
Mr. CALHOON sjid the Senator had spoken
much of pledges, understandings, and political
compromises, and sudden change of personal rela-
tions. He (sail Mr. C.) is much more expe-
rienced in such ih:n:rs than I an . If my memory
serves ms, and if rumors ate to be trustid, the Se-
nator had a great deal to do with such things, in
connection with a distinguished citizen, now of the
other House; and it is not at all surmising, from
his experience then, in his own case, that he should
not be indisposed to believe similar tumors of
another now. But whither his sudden chinge of
personal relations then, from bitter enmity to the
most confidential friendship with that citizen, was
preceded by pledges, understandings, and political
I compromises on the part of one or bo:h, it is nrt
I for me to say. The country has long since passed
i. on that.
But, said Mr. C. I will assure the Senator, if
thrre were pledges in his ca^e, there were none m
mine. I have terminated my long suspended pr-
sonal intercourse with the President, without the
slightest pledge, understanding, or compromise, on
either side. I would be the last io receive or exact
such. The transition from their former to their
present personal relation was easy and natural,
requiring nothing of the kind. It gives me pleasute
to say, thus openly, that I have approved of all the
leading measures of the President, since he took thf
Executive chair, simply because they accord
with the principles and policy on which I have
long acted, and often openly avowed. The change,
th:n, in our personal relations, had simply followed
tint of our political. Nor was it made suddenly,
as the Sera'or charges. So far from it, more
thm two years hava elapsed since I gave a decided
support ;o the leading measure of the Executive,
anl on which alrco>t all others since have turned.
This long interval was permitted to pass, in or-
der that his acts nrrght give assurance whether
there was a coincidence between our political views
as to the principles on which the Government
.should be administered, before our personal rela-
tions ¡hould be changed. I deemed it due to both
thus long to delay the change,among other reasons to
discountenance such idle rumors as the Senator al-
ludes to. That his political course might be judged
(said Mr. Calhoun) by the objret he had in view, and
not the suspicion and jealousy of his political op-
ponents, he would repeat what he had said, at the
last session, was his object. It is, said he, to obli-
terate all those measures which had originated in
the national consolidation school of politics, and
especially the Senator's famous American system,
wh;ch he believed to be hostile to the Constitution
and the gonitis of our political system, and the real
source of all the disorders and dangers to which
the country was, er had bees, subject. This
done, he was for giving the Government a fresh
departuie, in the direction in which Jefferson and
bis associates wruld give, were they now alive and
at the helm. He stood where he had always
stood, on the old State Rights ground. His change
of personal relation, which gave so much concern
to the Senator, so far from involving any change
in his principles or doctrinfs, grew out of them.
Mr. CLAY said he had understood the Senator
as felicitating himself on the opportunity which
had been now afforded him by Mr. C. of defining
once more his political ptsition; and Mr. C. must
say that he hsd now defined it very cleerly, and
had apparently given i: a new definition. The
Senator now declared that all the leading measures
of the present Administration had met his approba-
tion, and should receive his support.   It  turned
