CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
26th Cono..........1st Sess.
TUESDAY, JANUARY 14, 1840.

BY BLAIR & KIVES.
. .           ...AYPP^T v/
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.

[&ntin*tifr«m No. 6 ]
out, then, that the romor to which Mr. C. had al-
luded was true, and that the Senator firm South
Carolina nrght te hereafter regarded as a support-
er of th s Administration, since he had declared
that all its leading measures were approved by
him, and shouM have his support.
As to the al!u<ion which the Senator from Fouth
Ca olina had made in regard to Mr. C's tuprort of
tie bead of another Administration, (Mr. Adams,)
it occasioned Mr. C. no pain whatever. It was an
oil story, which had long been sunk in ob'ivion,
except when the Senator and a few others thought
proper to brine it op. But what were ths facts of
that case? Mr. C. was then a member of the
Hon>e of Representatives, to whom three persons
had been retorne 1, from whom it was the duty of
the House to make a selec'ion frr the Presidency.
As to one of those tliree candidates, he was known
to be it an unfortunate cmd tion, in which no one
sympathized with him more than did Mr. C.% Cer-
tainly the Senator from South Carolina did net.
That gentleman was therefore out of the question
as a candidate for the Chief Magistracy; and Mr.
C. .had consequently the only alternative of the
illustrious ir.dividu.il at the Hermitage, or of the
man who was now di^n^uished in the House of
Representative , and who had held so many pub-
I c places with honor to hims-elf, and benefit to
the country. And if the-e was any truth in his-
tory, the choice which Mr. C. lh?n made was pre-
cisely the choice which the Senator from South
Carolina had urged npon hi? frier ds. The Sena-
tor himself had declared his preference of Adams
to Jackson. Mr. C. made th? same choice; an I
his constituents had approved it from that day to
this, anl would to eternity. History would ratify
and approve it. Let the Senator from South Ca-
rolina make any líing out of that part of Mr. C's
public career ii&e could.    Mr. C. dtfied him.
The SenatMHiad alluded to Mr. C. as the advo-
cate of compromise. Certainly he was. ThisGo-
nment ifielf, to a great extent, was founded and
^compromise; and to the particular corn-
to which allusion had bien made, Mr. C.
no man ought to be more grateful for it
Senator from South Carolina. But for
that compromise, Mr. C. was not at all confident
that he would have now had the honor to meet that
Senator face to face in ths national Capitol.
The Senator bad said that In-! own position se*
that of State Right-. But what was the character
of this bill? It was a b'll to strip se?enteen of the
States of their rightful inheritance; to sell it all for
a mess of pottage; to suirender it for a triils—a
mere nominal bum. The bill was, in effect, an
attempt to strip and rob seventeen States ot this
Union of their property, and assign it over to some
eight or nine of the States. If this was what the
Senator called vindicating the rights of ths States,
Mr. C. pnyed God to deliver us from ail such
rights and a'l such advocates.
Mr. CALHOUN fail, that he wcold not be
forc-d, at this sag?, into a d.scuss.on on the merits
of thi b:l!; but when the proper time air.vtd, he
would shoJV that the Senator was entirely mistaken
as to its cbaraoer, in supposing it made a gift of
the public lands to the States in wnch they lay.
So far otherwi>e, it secured t.ne-hali'cf the whole
of the gross proceeds of the States to the Govern-
meat, throwing the whole burden and exp/nse of
administration on tbe new S ates. He would not
be surprised, if, on a fair statement of the account,
the Government would receive as much, under the
bill, asunder the present system. It was, besides,
not only consistent with Htate Rights, but grew out
of them; while, at the same time, he verily believed
the measure was essential to the peace and har-
mony of the Un on.
The Senator has said, Mr. President, that I, of
all rr en, ought to ba grateful to him for the com-
promise act.
[Mr. Cut,   I dii not say "to me."]
The Senator cküms to
measure, and, of eourse,
due, it must be to him.
made no alius on to that i
thought proper to «refer J
tude, I, in turn, nox)
gratitude towards
nicessa'y to save th^
has alluded to the sub
mer occasion, I feel]
be the author of that
Ihere be any gratitude
I, said Mr. Calhoun,
:t, but as the Senator has
it, and claim my grati-
im I feel not the least
or it. The measure was
nator politically; and as he
, bo'h on this and on a for-
nd to explain what might
otherwise have been left in oblivion. The Senator
was then compelled to compromise to save him-
self. Events had placed bim flat on his back, and
he had no way to recover himself but by the com-
promise. This is no afer thought. I wrote more
than hr If a dozen of leturs home at the time to
that effect.    I shall now explain.
When a minority forces a dominant majority,
(which has convened power into an instrument of
oppression,) by State interpos.tion, or nullifica-
tion, if you please, to take that by force which they
had taken under color of law, those 'who receive'the
least share of the spoils, will not be deposed to re-
sort to the hazard of force. Such was the case of
the Senator's constituents. They received, under
hs American system, a miserable pittance, or
rather no pittance at all; and he would have found
it a difficn t task to bring them to sustain his sys-
tem by force, as he must have clearly seen.
But tiiis was not the only, or even the principal
difficulty with him. The proclamation and mes-
sage of Gen. Jackson necessarily rallied around
him all the steadfast friends of the Senator's sys-
tem. They withdrew their allegiance at once from
him, and transferred it to Gen. Jackson. The Se-
nator was thus left in the most hopeless condition,
with no more weight with his former partisans
than this sheet of paper, (raising a sheet from his
desk.) This is not all. The position which
Gen. Jackson had assumed, necessarily attracted
towards him a distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, not now here, [Mr. Webster,]
who, it is clear, would have reaped all the poli-
tical honors and advantages of the system, had the
contest come to blows. These causes made the politi-
cal condition of the Senator truly forlorn at the time.
On him rested all the responsiblity, as the author
of the system; while all the power and influence
it gave, had parsed into the hands of others. Com-
promise was the only means of extrication. He
was thus forced by the action of the State which
I in part represent against his system, by
my counsel to compromise, in order to save
himself. I had the mastery over him on
the occasion. I have never taken any cre-
dit for my agency in the comproaaise act.
I claim a higher—that of compelling the compro-
mise; and I would have dictated my terms, which
was to allow to the year 1840 for the reduction,
taking off one-ssventti annually of all duties above
fifteen per cent, had not circumstances, not proper
to explain here, prevented it. My colleague
knows, I believe, to what I allude, though I am not
certain. I never contemplated a 6udden reduction
or'-duties; I knew it would bs ruinous. I never
desired to destroy the manufactures, and at no lime
contemplated a full reduction under six or seven
years.
Bnt although I feel none of that gratitude the
Senator c aims, yet 1 am willing to acknowlsdge
that he is not w thout merit f>r his course on the
occasion. It was something to serve the country,
though it W8S necessary to save himself from poli-
t:cal ru:n. I accordingly conc;ded to him cheerj
folly the sagac'ty of seeing what was necessary to
himself, an J the skill and judgment with which he
united it with a measuru highly beneficial to the
coun'ry. But his course on this and anoiher me-
morable occasion has canceled what claims he
may have had on me, and, I might add, on the
State I represent, and the whole South.
Mr. CLAY was sorry to be obliged to prolong
this discussion; but the remarks of the Senator from
South Carolina rendered it necessary to add a few
remarks in vindication of himself. He made no
allusion, he said, to the compromise bill, till it was
done by the Senator from South Carolina himself*
he made no reference to the events of 1825 untl
the Senator himsef had set him the example; and
he had not in the slightest and the most distant
manner alluded to Nullification until after the Se-
nator himself had called it up. The Semtor ought
not to have introduced that subject, especially when
he had gone over to the authors of the force bill
and the proclamation. The Senator from South
Carolina said that he (Mr. C.) was flat on his back,
and that he was my master. Sir, I would not own
him as my slave. He my master! and I com-
pelled by him! And, as if it were impossible to
go far enough ii one paragraph, he refers to cer-
tain letters of h:s own to prove that I was flat on
my back! and, that I was not only on my back,
but anoiher Senator and the President had robbed
me ! I was flat on my back, and unable to do any
thing but what the Senator from South Carolina
permitted me to do!
Why, sir, (said Mr. C.) I gloried in my strength,
and was compelled to introduce the compromise
bill; and compelled, too, by the Senator, not in
consequence of the weakness, but of the strength,
of my position. If it was possible for the
Senator from South Carolina to introduce one
paragraph without showing the egotism of his
character, he would not now acknowledge that he
wrote letters home to show that he (Mr. C.) was
flat on his back, while he was indebted to bim
for that measure which relieved him from the
difficulties in which he was involved. Now, what
was the history of the case? Flat as he was on
his back, Mr. C. said he was able to produce that
compromise, and to carry it through the Senate, in
opposition to the most strenuous exertions of the
gentleman wh", the Senator from South Carolina
said, had supplanted him, and in spite of his deter-
mined and unceasing opposition. There Was (said-
Mr. C.) a sort of necessity operating on me to com-
pel me to introduce that measure. No necessity of a
personal character influenced him; but considera-
tions involving the interests, the peace and har-
mony of the whole country, as well as of the State
of South Carolina) directed him in the course he
pursued. He saw the condition of the Senator
Iron  South Carolina and that of his friends; hs
saw the condition to which he had reduced the gal-
lant little State of Souih Carolina by his unwise
and dangerous measures; he saw, too, than we
were on the eve of a civil-war; and he wished to
save theeffus'on of blood—the blood of our own fel-
low-citizens. That was one reason why he intro-
duced the compromise bill. There was ar.oib.er rea-
son that powerfully operated on him. Ths very
interest that the tariff laws were eDacted to protect
—so great was the power of the then Chief .Magis-
trate, and so rapidly was that power increasing—
was ia danger of being sacrificed. He siw that
the protective system was in danger of being
swept away entirely, and probably at the next ses-
sion of Congress, by the Iremendous power of this
individual who thea filled the Executive cha r,
and he felt tint the greatest service ili.it he could
render it, would be to obtain for it "a lease for a
term of years," to usa an exp:ession that had been
heretofore applied to the compromise bill. He saw'
the necessity thatexis'el to swe the pr. tective sys-
tem fiom the danger wh'ch threatened it. He saw
the aeces-ity to advance the great tnteres's of the
nation, to ave) t civil w*r, and to restore peace and
harmony to a distrse'ei and divided country; and
it was the e'ore that hs had brought forward this*
measure. The Sma'er firm South Carolina, to
betray still father and mcc strikingly the charac-
teristics hh'ch belonged to him, said, that in con-
sequence of his (Mr. C's) remarks this very day,
all obi gations towards him on the part of himself,*
[Mr. Calhoun } of the State cf Souih Ca'ol,na't
and the whole South, were cancelled. And wna t
right had the Senator to get up "•i,,"""''0
speak of the whole South, or even of South Carc^
