100
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
as could not b  permitted to go on; and that the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Jknifkr] had merely
risen, as he understood him, to make some correc-
tion of a matter which personally interested him.
Mr, STANLY was again understood to say
thai reference bad been made to him by his col-
league, [Mr. Bynum,] in bis reply to the gentleman
from Mary land,which he c Miceived needed some no-
tice. He said it was usual with him to cultivate with
gentlemen the most friendly relations—and particu-
larly so with persons from the State which he in
pait represented—that he felt his heart warmed to
meet any such; but on his arrival here he had cau-
tioned bis friends and colleagues not to intro-
duce him to his colleague, [Mr. Byndm,] for if they
did he would hold th m personally responsible.
He made some further remarks not heard suffi-
ciently distinct to be understood.
Mr. BYNUM said that this place was not the
proper one to «ettle these private matter?. If
the member would but go to the Rotunda, he
would satisfy him. To which Mr. S. made no
reply, bat said something, as be sat down, about
Mr. B. begging his life, which was not understood.
Mr. B. then rose and said, "When and where,
poppy  poppy, poppy!" and the matter here
closed.
Mr. KE1M rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: I have made an effort this morning
to present to this House the usual resolutions of tri-
bute to the memory of a deceased friend and col- (J
league—a duty which require-! an earlier attention,
but from the de!ay in our organizational was always
unpleasant to my feelings to offer them, until the
restoration of order, and the House itself bad once
again returned to its proper and characteristic de-
corum. It appears te me that now u> the proper
moment, as it may allay, in some degree, the
smothered passions which unfortunately seem te be
gathering around some of the gentlemen upon this
floor; for I am sure the hand of death has been too
busy during the past year, to need any additional
provocation from them in aid of his relentless
power. Indeed, from that ruthless spoiler who
can escape? The old, the young, the humble, and
the great, are alike stricken with his unerring shaft,
and we perchance are left to mourn a desolation
which sooner or later also awaits us.
To some, however, death presents no terror, but
like a welcome harbinger of rest, he is hailed with
cordial greeting, and dying friends are looked
upon as
"—Pioneers to smooth
Oar rugged way, to break
Those bars of terror and abhorrence nature throws
Cross our obstructed path, and thus to make
Welcome as safe our port from every storm."
Pew, however, have left this earthly tenement,
more to be lamented than my friend and colleague,
William W. Potter; for none possessed more
amiable quallities, or enjoyed a more virtuous
heart.
His assiduous attention to his duties here pro-
moted a disease that baffled all human skill, and
marked him as a premature victim to its ravages.
With a consciousness of his approaching end, he
was fully prepaied to "return the dust to the earth
as it was, and the spirit 1o God who gave it." Thus,
in the meridian of his days, was taken from us a
mind replete with all the acquirements that a pa-
triot cherished, or a statesman prized,
Indefatigable in his services to his constituents,
their tears have designated bow well they loved
him who never betrayed their confidence, or fal-
tered in devotion to their best interests.
As a husband, he was exemplaty for his affec-
tion and kindness; and none can soothe the anguish
of the partner of bis bosom, save "He who spake
as never yet man spake."
Happily, indeed, for human suffering, there is an
antidote for every affliction, in the benign precepts
of our holy religion.   They teach us that—
"Uearen gires us friends to bless the present scene;
Resumes them, to prepare us for the next."
To that only solace has the bereaved widow
looked for strength and consolation, in the promised
hope that "they who dwell in righteousness shall
shine as the stars for ever and ever."
I offer the following resolutions:
ttmhtd, That this House has received with
deep sensibility the communication of the death of
William W. Potter, a Representative of the
Slate of Pennsylvania.
Resolved, That the members of this House will
testify their respect for the memory of the deceased
by wearing crape on the left arm lor thirty days.
Resolved, That, as a further testimonial of re-
spect for the memory of the deceased, this House
will adjourn until to-morrow at 12 o'clock.
The question was then put, and the resolutions
were unanimously adopted; after which,
Mr. KEIM moved that the House now adjourn
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON requested Mr.
Keim to waive his motif  for the adjournment, to
enable him to make a motion for reconsidering a
vote, which, unless it be done at that time, and en-
tered on the journal, it would not bs in his power
to move at any other time.
Mr. KEIM acceded to said request.
Mr. THOMPSON moved that the vote ordering
the printing of the map of the seat of war in Flo-
rida, accompanying the report of the Secretary of
War, be reconsidered.
The question on adjournment was then put, and
carried in the affirmative; and
The House adjourned till to-morrow, 12 o'clock.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, January 4, 1840.
Mr. EVANS asked leave of the House to intro-
duce a bill, which he said was very important,
and which would not take more than three minutes
of the time of the House to consider. It was a
bill which was usually reported by the Committee
of Ways and Means; but, inasmuch as the organi-
zation of the House had been so long delayed,
the committee had not yet had a meeting, and it
was probable would not for several days. The
money which had been appropriated {■ r the con-
tingent expenses of both Houses, and for the pay-
ment of the members, had been expended; and be
learned from the officers of both Houses, that great
inconvenience resulted from it. He wished to in-
troduce the bill, if no objection wa? made, and
would ask the House to go into a Committee of the
Whole on the State of the Union to consider it.
No objection being made,
Mr. E. then introduced a bill making appropria-
tions, in part, for the support of Government for
the year 1840; which was twice read; when
Mr. E. then moved that the same be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the State of the
Union, which was agreed to; and
The House then went into committee, Mr. Banks
in the Chair, and the bill having been considered,
was reported to the Hou-e; when it was read the
third time by its title and passed.
On motion of Mr. TILLINGHAST, the House
took up and considered the resolution of the Senate
proposing the appointment of a Committee on the
Library, and concurred in the same.
Mr. RAMSEY said he had had in h>s posses-
sion for several days a petition from the citizens of
the Third Congressional District of Pennsylvania,
eompla:ning that their rights had been trampled
on in permitting the gentleman here [Mr. Naylor]
to take his seat as their representative, and asking
that the frauds by which their rights have been
violated be investigated; which he asked might be
read for the information of the Hou-e.
The SPEAKER said it would not be in order at
that time.
Mr. RAMSEY thenimoved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to present the petiMon; and up-
on that motion demanded the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and were—yeas 118, nays 67.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Judson Allen, Atherton, Banks,
Beatty, Beirne, Biddle, Black, Black we] I, Brewster, Briegu,
Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, W. O. Butler, S'n.
Butler, Bynum, John Campbell, Can-, Carroll, Carter, Chap-
man, CUSord, Coles, Mark A. Cooper, Crabb, Cross, dish-
ing, Dana, Davee, John W. Davis, Doan, Doig, Duncan,
Earl, Eastman, Ely, Everett, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd,
Fornauce, Galbraith, James Garland, Goggin, Griffin, Hall,
Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, John Hill of N. C. Hook,
Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Jenifer,
Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keim,
Kempshall, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas,
McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Marchand, Miller, Mon-
taoya, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parish, Parmenter, Par-
ris, Paymer, Pickens, Pope, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds,
Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Samuels, Sergeant, Shaw,
Shepard, Slade, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith,
Starkweather, Sfcenrod, Strong, gamier, Swearingen, Sweeny,
Taylor. Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Tillinghast, To-
land, Turney, Underwood, Vanderpoel, D¡md D. Wagener,
Warren, Watterson, Weller, John White, Wick, asd Jared W.
Williams—118.                                   ,                  „   ,   ,
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, John W. Allen, Simeon H. Ander-
son, Andrews, Barnard, Bell, Brockway, Anson Brown, Cal-
houn, William B. Campbell, Casey, Chmn, Chittenden, Clark,
Cooper, Cranstor, Crockett, Curtis, D.ivies, G. Davis, Dawson,
DiUett, Evans, Fillmore, Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry, Gid-
dings, Goode, Graham, Granger, Grave?, Green, Habersham,
W S. Hastings,Henry,Hoffman,Hunt,James,ChavlesJohnstori,
Lincoln, Marvin, Morgan, C. Morns, Nisbet, Osborne, Palen,
Peck, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner.Reed, Ruigway,
Russell, Truman Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart, Taliaferro,
Waddy Thompson, Trumbull, Peter J, Wagner, Thomasi W.
Williams, Lewis Williams, C. H. Williams, and Sherrod Wil-
liams—67.                                                                 . .
So the rules were not suspended, it requiring a
vete of two-thirds.
Mr. S. WILLIAMS asked leave to offer a reso-
lution, which was read, as follows
Resolved, That the memorials and petitions pre-
sented to the House of Representatives at the last
Congress, and upon which favorable reports were
made, and on which the House did not finally act,
and such memorials and petitions as were presented
at the last Congress and referred, upon which the
committees did not make reports, be again ntferred
to the committees to which the siid memorials and
petitions were heretofore severally referred.
No objection being made, the resolution was re-
ceived and agreed to.
The motion of Mr. THOMPSON of South Ca-
rolina to reconsider the vote on ordering the print-
ing of the map of the seat of war in Florida, ac-
companying the report of the Secretary of War,
came up f,>r consideration; when
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina observed
that the malter which he had rm^ed to rfconsiier
might be said to be a small matter; but inasmuch
as abuses in small matters are the more dangerous
as they are likely to escape attention, he had for
this reason seized the earliest opportunity of bring-
ing it before the House. The vote that he had
moved the reconsideration of, was on the proposi-
tion to print 5,000 extra copies of the map of the
seat of war in Florida, which the gentleman who
moved the pri3ting said would not cost more than
800 or 1000 dollars. This, to be sure, might be
considered as a small matter in comparison with
the ordinary expenses of the like natuie. The
House, in iis expenditures for printing, was some-
thing like the law—de minimis non curat; but it was
in regard to these small matters that economy was,
as he had before observed, as necessary as iu large
ones; and as to this particular document, for all the
use that it would be to the members of that body, it
might as well be burnt. Any body was welcome
to the share of them that would fall to him, for he
could make no earthly use of them whatever. To
his constituents they would not be worth a single
baubee, and he could see no reason at all for print-
ing, unless it was for the purpose of rewarding
certain favorites of the Administration, hanging
about Washington, with a portion of the public mo-
ney. He did not know any one of the ten thousand
instances of gross extravagance and waste of public
money more to be denounced than that of members of
Congress having printed for themselves, at the pub-
lic expense, documents worth no more than mere
waste paper, for the purpose of putting money in the
pockets of a political partisan. He would men-
tion one fact which would surprise many of the
young members who were not jet aware
of the extent to which the practice he adverted to
had prevailed. While at home last summer, he
received from one lo two hundred maps of the
United States—excellent maps, which would readily
sell in a stationer's shop—that had been printed
under the order cf the House for the use of its
members. These things were done under the plea
of furnishing useful informatien to the members, to
enable them the better to carry on the business of
legislation; but they already had a valuable and ex-
tensive library; and if more informa'ion was neces-
sary for the members, he thought it would be better
to furnish them with good historical works, than to
expend the public money in printing a parcel of
maps, that would be worth to them, as far a* use-
ful information was concerned, no more than mere
waste paper. He also received last summer a
number of maps of Florida, which were, to him and
his constituenti, perfectly wonhleis. As he had
been placed on the military committee, on the mo*
