102
■ ■ >•  ■   +*                                -  *               --------
House to the probalie cost of printing tiii docu-
m°nt. When the chairman of the committee [Mr.
C. Johnson] first raovtd ¡he printing of this docu-
ment, he s'a'ed that the main expense having al-
ready been incurred it the cost of engraving the
jpl.'f, the pan! ng would not amount to more
than six or e *lv cen's a cop}'. Bit (oil Mr. G.)
we are no-:? told bv th° chairman that the old plates
cannot be h^d, and tnerefoie the engraving must
be paid for a.iesv. He \rcjsld now ask the gen-
tleman whether he d.d not believe the cost would
be some four or five thousand dolíais. He had
risen to make these remarks in orJer to indue 
gentlemen to vote for the reconsideration moved
by the gentleman from South Carolina.
Mr. SMITH of Maine said he understood the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Banks] to charge
on the gentleman from South Corolina [Mr. Wad-
dt Thompson] and his friends, the pas a?e of the
resolution ordering the printing of 20,0000 extra
copies of document No 297. He undei stood that, in
reply to that charge, the gentleman from South Ca-
rolina [Mr.THOMPSON]said that the gentleman from
Virginia had 'at random stated that which was not
true." Now (said Mr. S.) I hold in my hand the
resolution authorizing the printing of 20,000 extra >
copies of document No. 297; I hold in my hand
the yeas and nays (holding up the journal) on the
adoption of that resolution; and among the yeas I
find recorded the name of "Waddv Thompson,
jan." I have nothing more "(continued Mr. S.) to
say on that subject.
Mr. THOMPSON. I understood the gentleman
from Virginia to charge me with voting generally
for extensive printing, an J not to refer to this par-
ticular document.
Mr. BANKS. I stated expressly that it was
document No. 297, being the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury on defalcations of public officers.
I ref rred particularly to !he document, and stated
so distinctly what it was, as to leave no room for
m'su nderstanding.
Mr.THOMPSON said (hat he had not understood ' ¡
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Banks] as al- \\
hiding to any par icular document, but as making  |
the general charge  that he, Mr. T. had  voted   '
for extra printing ordered by the last Congress.  11
This was what Mr. T. had pronounced untrue-
Mr. T. certainly did not wish to be understood
that he had not voted for printing an extra number '
of this particular document, for he did not hear the
gentleman speak of any one in particular.     He j
had vf te 1 in many instances for extra copies—in
thi«, as m other cases, whsre the document was
uieful.   Bnt his general course had been to vote j
against such proposition1. When he learned by the
remarks, of Mr. Wi<e that tbe gentleman [Mr.
Banks] had alluded to this particular document,
he endeavored to get the floor befo e the remarks I
of the gentleman from Maine, and thus to set him- '
f elf right.
While up, he would ask of the Clerk if the j
printing of this map was not given to the editor of '
a public print, who was not a lithographer?
The SPEAKER informed the gentleman that
the Clerk's answer was, that the printing was
given to Mr. Langtree.                                          I
Mr. THOMPSON.   Well, sir, Mr. Langtre  is
th* ed tor of the Democratic Review, and is not a
lithographer; and one of the first acts of the Clerk  '
•was to give ihi* printing to Mr. Langtree, who, as '
he was not a lithographer, must get the work done
by somebody vbo is, and share the profits with I
him.
Mr. CALVARY MORRIS asked who published
the same map at the last session, and whether it
was not published on Ihe fame plate this year that
was used last sess onl                                              j
The SPEAKER said the Clerk did not know.   I
Mr. MORRIS wished merely to state the fact,
that tbe impression   had gone   abroad that the
Senate last year ordered a plate of this map to be
engraved; and that subsequently, the House having
ordered the printing of it, it was printed on the
same plate; that this year the Senate had again
ordered copies of it, which had  been printed for
that body; and that, therefore, if the printing now
ordered by the House should te executed, there
jrould be four different impressions from the same
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
prate. Now, he would ask gentlemen better ac-
quainted with such matters than he was, if this
would not be paying four times for the same en-
graving.
Mr. COLES observed that it was true these
maps haJ b^en printed several t'rnes but the first
maps printed rltj mere outlines, while the present
was one very much improve 1 and enlarged. He
was opposed to the printing of an extra number of
copies, as unnecessary, and therefore should vote
for the rrcmsideration.
Mr. PECK called for the reading of the con-
tract with Mr. Lang ree, and it was read accord-
ingly.
Mr. GRAVES inquired of the honorabls gentle-
man from Tennessee, if Mr. Langttes was a
lithosrapher.
Mr. JOHNSON was understood to reply in the
negative.
i      Mr. JOHNSON repeatel, that he had no desre
for the publication of the map, and should not
¡ have submitted   the motion under any circum-
| stances other than those named, and was g'ad that
the question  was now befi re the House, so that
the members might decide whether the documents
ihould be accompanied by the map or not.
Mr. CRARY wished to ascertain what was the
practice of the House ii ordering thepiioting of
documents of a like nature. He understood, that
J at the last session these maps were ordered to be
l engraved by ths Senate, and when the Home
I ordered the same printing, they hid to wait some
two months, as it was said, for them to be re-en-
graved. As he understood the matter, when the
Senate ordered maps to be engraved and printed,
theexpense was paid out of thecontingent fund of the
S nate;and when the House ordered the printing ot
the same maps they were again engraved, or sup-
posed to be so, and paid for out of the fund of the
House. Now, unless some plan was. adopted by
which the House kej t its own plates, after paying
for them, without suffering them to be used again
and again at the same cost as if new engravings
were made, he should in future vote against the
printing of any maps whatever.
The question was then taken on the motion to
reconsider; which was carried without a division.
The question then recurred on the adoption of
the resoluiion; when,
On motion of Mr. BANKS, it was lad on the
tEble.
Mr. BROWN of Tennessee asked permission of
the House to introduce the following as an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States,
which, he said, he wished to be printed for the in-
formation of the members, and to lie on the lable
till he had an opportunity of calling it up:
Joint Rescluti n to amend the Constitution of the
Uni ed Staes, in relation to the election of Pre-
sident:
Resolved, by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Stalee of Aiurlca in Congress as-
sembled, two-thirds oj both Houses concurring, That
the followiog amendment to the Constitution of the
United States be proposed to ihe Legislatures of
the several States, which, when ratified by the Le-
gis'atures of three-fourths of the States, shall be
valid, to all intents and purposes, as part of the
Constitution, to wit:
"No person who shall hereafer be elected, and
shall serve the period of four years as President of
the United Slates, shall be again eligible to that
office."
The SPEAKER said that it was not then in or-
der to introduce the resolution without the consent
of the House.
Mr. JAMESON said: Mr. Speaker, I rise to do
what I intended on yesterday to have done.butfailed
in obtaining the loor before the House adjourned;
that is, to announce to this House the death of the
Hon. Albert Gallatix Harrison, one of the
members elect from tbe State of Missouri, to tbe
Twenty-sixth Congress. He died at his residues,
near Fulton, Missouri, of bilious fever, in the
month of September last. In h s death, not only
the bereaved widow and his children susain a deep
and abiding loss—the loss of an amiable, kind,
and affectionate husband and parent—but Missouri
lost one of her favorite and ablest sons.   Always
true to his trust, and faithful to the interests of
Missouri, my lamented predecessor had obtained
for himself a deep seat in the affections of her
people. I have known the deceased since I have
known myself, and many on this floor were also
well acquainted with him; and they will bear me
witness to the fact, that he posses ed all these no-
ble qualities and virtu's which of themselves con-
stitute the his h road to honor and distinction.
He had liKed with credit to himself, and to the
enure satisfaction of the people, more diffi-
cult offices of honor and profit, in the same length
of time, than any man who ha' ever resided in
Missouri. He was called by Him in whose hands
life and death a-e held, from the theatre of action,
in the meridian of life; and but few have passed
from time, more to be lamented than Albert
Gallatin Harrison; few, if any, can fill his p ace
as the agent or Representative of M'ssonri; and a
void is left in that domestic circle in which he
moved, and in the heirt of his amiable and intel-
ligent bereaved widow, that no power on earth, no
human being can fill: a void that cau only be filled
by the consant presence, aid, and protection of the
Spirit of the Eternal God.
Mr Harrison was a native of Kentucky, fr m
whose land so many able and chivaliic men have
emanated: the birth place of a great many members
now on this floor ir^m other States.
Mr. J. then offered the following rfsdution*:
Resolved, unanimously. That this Hou«e has re-
ceived with deep sen^ibJity the ainum-ianon of
the dea h of the Hon. Albert G. Harrison, one
of the late Representares elect from the State of
Missouri for the Twenty-sixth Congress of the
United States.
Resolved, uninimously, That the menbers of this
House tender the widow and r'la'ives of the de-
ceased ih"ir sympathy on this mournful event, and
will t s'ify their respect for his memory, by wear-
ing crape on ¿he left arm for thirty days.
Resolved, That, as a further evidence of the'r
respect for the memory cf the deceased, the House
adjourn until Monday next, at 12 o'clock, m.
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, January 6, 1840.
The CHAIR sebm ttei a communication from
the Legis'ature of Wise* nnn, requesting an appro-
priation for the improvem<,nt ot the n ivigation of
the Des Moines river; which was referred to the
Commit'ee on Commerce.
Also, the petition of the daughter and only child
of L'eut. Nathaniel Fanning; which was referred to
the Comm't'ee on Naval Affaire.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petition of
Samuel Steinrod; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. NORVELL presented the petition of
Joseph Compo; which was referred to the Com-
mi tee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. ROBINSON presente! the petition of
Chalón Guard and others, prayin  permission to
purchase a quant ty of the publ c land on a credit;
which was referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Alsi, the memorial of the members of the bar of
Laporte, 11. which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary-
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memor'al from
certa n officers of the line of the army, praying for
an equalization of pay with the staff; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, the memorial of William Strickland, E.
P. Gill, and A. K. Campbell, stating that they
were about publishing in Great Britain a descrip-
tion of the public works of the United States: and
that the citizens of this country maybe famished
on the same terms, they pray that they be permit-
ted to import the same free of duty; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
On mot on by Mr. B. the petition and pspers of
John R. Miiwinter, and those, in the case of Eli-
aaheih Truxton, now on file, were respectively
referred to the Commit'ee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, the
papers on file in the case of David Allen, were re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
