CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                                          LOS
Mr. CLAY of Kentuaky presented a petition of j
a number of ci'izens, praying for a grant of land in
the Oregon Territory; which was referred to the
Select Committee on the Oregon Territory, and or-
deied to be printed.
The Select Committee is composed of the follow-
ing Senators: Messrs. Linn, Preston, Wall,
Pierce, and Walker.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the petition of Major
Honison, presented by him some days since, was
referred to Ihe same committee.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Isaac R.
Howe, for a Congress of Nations; which was re-
ferred to ihe Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of William
Cox; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Also, the petition of Major W. Q. Belknap and
others, of the line of the army, praying for an
equalization of pay with the officers of the staff;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
On motion by Mr. MERRICK, the petition and
papnsof John Ireland, on fi!e, were referred te
the Committee on Claims; and
The papers of William Jones were referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. WHITE of Indiana presented the memorial
of John G. Fleischmann, praying for a patent for
an improved mode of manufacturing beet sugar;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
Mr. PRENTISS presented the petition of James
G'entwonh; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the petition of the
officers of the  Agricultural  Bank of Mississippi; j
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. KING presented the petition of A. G. '
King and Henry Lucas; which was referred to the :
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Wilson
P. Hunt; which was referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the papers on
file in the ca«e of the owners of the ship Alle-
thany, were referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. FULTON presented the memorial of James
Smith of Arkansas; which was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the memorial of George Say-
ler, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, and that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations; which was agreed to.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial of Joaias Stargis and others, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs;
which was agreed to.
Mr. K. also, from the same 'committee, to which
was referred the bill making appropriations for the
Ttmeval  f the raft in Red river, reported the same
without amendment.
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, announcing that the House had
agreed to the joint resolution appointing a joint
committee to superintend the appropriations for the
library, and that they had, on their put, appointed
Messrs. Lewis, Nit lor, and Tillinghast on that
committee.
Also, that the House had paired a bill making
partial appropriation for the expenditures of Go-
vernment for the year 1840.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
nons, to which was referred the following bills, re-
ported the same without amendment:
A bill to revive and continue in force an act
entitled " An act to provide for persons who were
disabled by known wounds received in the Revolu-
tionary war.
A bill for the relief of John McCIoud.
A bill for the relief David Waller.
A bill for the relief of Margaret Barnes, widow
of Elijah Barnes.
A bill for the relief of Lemuel White.
A bill to authorize the payment of invalid pen-
sions in certain cases.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had been referred that part of the Presi-
dent's nif s-age relating to the finances of the coun-
try, and the annual report of the Secretary of the
Treasury on the finances, repertcd a bill to provide
for the collection, safekeeping, transfer and dis-
bursement nf the public revenue.
Mr W. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill more effectually to secure the
public money in the hands of officers and agents
of the Government, and to punish public defaulters,
reported the same with amendments; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. said that he was directed by the com-
mittee to give notics that they would, on Monday
next, ask for the consideration of these bills, in the
order in which they were reported, and that they
would feel it their duty to press their consideration
after that date.
Mr. W. asked the unanimous consent of the Se-
nate to take  up the bill just received from the j
House, making partial appropriations for the sup-
port of the Government for the year 1840; which
was agreed to.
The bill wss then taken up, read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr MERRICK presented the memorial of the
Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown,
praying for an extension of their charter; which
was referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. M. in pursuance of not'ee, a«ked and ob-
tained leave to bring in a bill for the heirs of Fran-
cis Newman; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, in pursuance of no-
tice, asked and obtained leave te introduce a bill
in relation to copy right ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the following bills, reported
the same without amendment:
A bill for the relief of John S. Billings.
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bas'.ett.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
William Easby, reported adversely to the same.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to
which had been referred the report from the Secre-
tary of the Navy, respecting the contingent fund of
that Department, asked that the same nvght be
printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. GRUNDY gave notice that he would, on to 
morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill to authorize
the State of Tennessee to issue grants and perfect
titles to certain lands therein described, and to set-
tle the claims to the vacant and «appropriated
lands within the same.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Finance,
to which had baen referred the bill providing for
the summary collection of the notes of the banks in
the District of Columbia, under the denomination
of twenty dollars, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary; which was
agreed te.
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce the following bills:
A bill for the relief of the Steamboat Company
of Nantucket; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
A bill for the relief of Thomss L. Winthrop and
others; which was read twice, and referred to the
Commit'ee on the Judiciary.
A bill for the relief of Josephine Nourse; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the bill making partial ap-
propriations for the support of the Government for
the year 1840, reported the same with amendments,
which were read and concurred in; and the bill was
read a third time, and passed.
The resolutions submitted by Mr. Benton some
days since, relative to the assumption, by the
General Government, of the debts of the States,
were therfTaken up,  and  after  some remarks
from Mr. BENTON, a portion of which will be
found in this evening's paper,
The question being on the adoption of the reso-
lution,
Mr. GRUNDY thought that the question should
be taken on each proposition separately, and asked
for the yeas and nays, which were ordered.
Mr. LUMPKIN expressed his concurrence in
the object of the resolutions in some remarks which
we will publish to-morrow, but would prefer that
the resolutions might be permitted to lay on the
table for the present; which was agreed to.
Mr. NORVELL offered the the following reso-
lution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into tin expediency of granting
a pension to Louis Mitchell Rivard, of Wayne
county, State of Michigan, in consequence of in-
firmities and disabilities contracted in the military
service of bis country.
Mr. NORVELL offered the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce in-
quire into the expediency of directing the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause a steam cutter to be con-
structed for the revenue service on the Atlantic,
another for that service in the Gulf of Mexico, and
a third for the same service on Lake Erie and the
Upper Lakes.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama submitted the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of enacting a law explanatory of the act of 8th
May 1792, "to regulate the pay of non-commis-
sioned officers, musicians, and privates of the mili-
tia of the United States," so as to provide that field
officers, commanding volunteer regiments or batta-
lions, shall be allowed the same compensation for
the use and risk of horses furnished by themselves
as is paid to company and staff officers in such
command; and that such additional sum shall be
paid to field officers who have served in Florida
during the late troubles with the Seminole Indians.
A message was received from the President of the
United States, transmitting a report from the Se-
cretary of the Treasury in relation to the employ-
ment of «team ve&cls in the revenue cutter service;
and recommending the subject to the special and
favorable cons:deration of Congress.
The CHAIR submitted a report from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting returns of the
condition of the several banks in the District of Co*
lumbia; which was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed'.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The following bills were taken up on their third
reading, read a third time, and passed:
A bill for the relief of John H. Jacocks.
Abilt to relinquish to the State of Mississippi
the Two per cent, fund arising under her compact
for admission into the Union.
A bill to prevent the counterfeiting of any fo-
reign copper, gold, silver, or other coin, and to pre-,
vent the bringing into the United States, or ottering
any counterfeit foreign copper, gold, silver, or
other coin.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
.  Monday, January 6,1840.
After the reading of the journal,
Mr. W. B. CALHOUN of Massachusetts rose
and submitted the following resolutions:
Resohed, That the House has heard with deep
sensibility of the death of the Hon. C. Altord, a
member elect of this House from the State of Mas-
sachusetts.
Retched, That the members and officers of this
House will testify their respect for the memory of
the deceased by wearing crape on the left arm for
thirty days.
The resolutions having been read,
Mr. CALHOUN said: I do not rise. Mr. Speak-
er, to give utterance to a labored euloginm upon
the character of Mr. Alvord. I rise simply to say
that ha was regularly elected a member of this
Congress, and that he died several months anterior
to the commencement of the present session.    Jfe
