Mr. CLAY <Jf Alabama asked for the yeas and
nays, which were ordered.
The question was then taken on laying the reso-
lution of Mr. Bbnton on the table, and decided in '
the nrgati\e—a)es 15, noes 25, as follows!
YEAS— Messts. Bens, Clay of Kentucky, Chy-
ton, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Henderson,  Mer-
**   ric'r, Prentiss, Pies on, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, White of Indiana, and White of Ten-
nessee—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Buclja-
ann, Calhoun, day of Alabama, Fulton, Grundy,
Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Nichoks, Nor-
vell, Roane, Rob'nson, Sevier, Smith of Connec-
ticut, Straiive, Tappan, Walker, Wall, Williams,
Wright, and Young—25.                                           I
Mr. BENTON said that he wished the asnal
pract ce of the body, which was to appoint the
mover of resolutions a member of any committee
raised to consider them, to be dispensed with on
this occasion. He had offered these resolutions,
and submitted his views on them to the Senate and
to the country, and he bow wished them to pa?s
into other hands.
The question was then taken on Mr. Grundy's |
motion, which m as  agreed to, and the resolution
was referred to   a select committee, consisting of
Messrs.  Grundy, Lumpkin,   Smith of  Indiana,
Youno, Hubbard, Aluen, and Merrick.
Mr. LUMPKIN said that he had expressed
yesterday, and reflection had confirmed it, a cor-
dial concurrence in the doctrines contained in the
resolution and the remarks of the Senator from
Missouri; but as it was on his motion that it was
laid on tne table, he thought proper to say that it
was from no id*e motive that he had made the mo-
tion. He thought it would be desirable to present
them in a more condensed form, and that that con-
densation would meet the views of the honorable
mover of the resolution. He had therefore embo-
died in a single resolution, the substance of the
fit st three propositions, which he asked might be
wad; which was done, a? follows:
Resolved, That ihe assumption by the Gene-
ral Government of the debts of the States con-
tacted for local purposes—whether it shall be a
direct assumption, which would make the General
Government rts,onsib!« for said debts, or indirect,
by a distribution of public money among theSa'es,
to enable them to pay their deb:s, or a pie Ige of
public Ian Is for the said purpose, or otherwise—
would be impo'itic and dangerous; unjust and une-
qual among the members of the Union, and wholly
unauthorized by t e let er or spirit of the Constitu-
tion.
He hoped this would be referred to the select
committee, and be printed; which was agreed to.
The CHAIR suomitted a communication from
the Secretary of State, in relation to the repeal of
certain sanitary regulations by the French Govern-
ment; which was teferred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War, in relation to the purchase of an island at the
confluence of the Mississippi and St. Peters rivers;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The bill for th¿ armed occupation and settlement
of that part of Florida now overrun by hostile
bands of Indians, being the special order of the
day, was taken up, and
Messrs. BENTON, TAPPAN, and PRESTON
addressed the Senate on the provisions of the bill,
when it was informally passed over.
The bill making appropropriations for the remo-
val of the raft in Red river, was, on motion of Mr.
KING, taken up, and after some remarks by him,
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The Senate then went into Executive business;
after which it adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, January 7, 1840.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina rose and
said: This House, Mr. Speaker, has a high consti-
tutional duty to perform. One of the States of this
Union, the State of N<sw Jersey, which is entitled
to sk Represenlatim on this floor, has but one, the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
other five seats being, de facto, at this time vacant.
Under these circumstances, it is our most solemn
duty to determine who are entitled to these five
seats. It is usual fir gentlemen contesting seats
here to bring their claims before the Huuse by pe-
tition or memorial, showing the grounds on which
such claims test. But (said Mr. C ) we have waited
from day to day, since the last decision of the House
on this subject, without hearing from either of the
parties who came here claiming to be Representa-
tives from New Jersey; and it being the solemn
duty of the House to come to some decHon on the
subject, he, as chairman of the Committee of
Elections, had felt bound to bring the matter before
them. Mr. C. therefore moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That all papers or other testimony in
possession of, or within the conirol of this House,
in relation to the late election in New Jersey for
Representatives in the Twenty-sixth Congress of
e United States, be referred to the Committee of
Elections, with instructions to inquire and report
who are entitled to occupy, as members of this
Home, the five contested seats from that State,
and that the committee hare power to send for per-
sons and papers.
Jtesolved, That a copy of this resolution be served
on John B. Aycrioq, John P. B. Maxwell, Wil-
liam Halsted, Charles C. Stratton, Thomas
Jones Yorke, Peter D. Vroom, Philemon Dicr-
erson, William R. Cooper, Daniel B. Ryall,
and Joseph Kille, all citizens ef New Jersey,
claiming to be Representatives from that State in
this Congress, and that the service be made upon
each gentleman personally, or by leaving a copy at
his usual residence.
Mr. BELL said hs had prepared some resolu-
tions, which he wished to be read for the informa-
tion of the House, that would probably supersede
those proposed by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina.   He understood that there were five gentle-
men still in attendance here, who had been here
I   from   the   commencement of   the   session,   who
!   claimed the right to sit and vete as members from
the State of New Jersey.   He was also informed
that these gentlemen exercised the  franking privi-
lege, received their daily supply of stationery, and
:  had marked seats in the hall with their names, as
i   members of the House.   Now, such gross irregu-
larity as this was unparalleled in the practice of
the House.   Tnese gentlemen had the right to be
qua'ified and admitted, or to be informed that they
could not be so; and it was the duty of the House
i    to decide at once either that they were or were not
members.   Mr. B. said  that the resolution which
he was about t  offer was a question of privilege,
and he hoped the Chair would sj decide it.
Mr. B. then sent the following resolutions to the
I    Chair, which were read:
Resolved, That Philemon Dickerson, Peter D.
Vroom,William R. Cooper, David B. Ryall, and
Joseph Kills, who are in attendance, claiming to
be admitted to sit and vote in this House, as Re-
| presentatives from the Stale of New Jersey, are not
| and cannot be legally and constitutionally members
of this body, until the regular returns, or certifi-
cates of election, granted to five other duly quali-
fied persons by the Governor and Council of said
State, in the exercise of the authority vested in
them by the laws of said State, passed in con-
formity with the Constitution of the United States,
shall have been set aside or adjudged void, upon
due investigation had in the form and manner
prescribed by the laws and usages of the House.
Resolved, Tnat the House havieg decided that
John B. Aycrigg, William Halsted, John P. B.
, Maxwell, Charles C. Stratton, and Thomas
Jones Yorke, the persons having the regular and
legal certificates of election, shall not be admitted
to sit in this House and vote as other members,
until it shall have established, by sufficient proof,
that there was no fraud, mistake of the law, or
other error, made or committed by the Governor
and Counc 1 of New Jersey, in the returns or cer-
tificates of election granted as aforesaid; and said
decision being contrary to the usual practice of the
Home in such cases, the Speaker be directed to
notify the Governor and Council of New Jersey of
105
the proceedings of the House in the premises, to
the end that the people of the said State may be
duly informed of the causes which have, for the
present, deprived them of the services of five of the
Representatives to which they are entitled by the
laws and Constitution.
Resolved, That the returns, and all other papers
or test m >ny in possession of the House relating to
t'.ie five vacant seats in the New Jersey delegation,
be, referred to the Committee of Elections; and
that the said committee proceed to examine the re-
turns, and all other testimony which may be sub-
i mitted to them, according to the rules and orders
of the House; and that said committee first decide
and report to the House who are entitled to sit
and vote as members by the returns.
Mr. DUNCAN inquired whether these resolu-
tions were in older. He offered one the other day,
which was decided not to be in order, precisely
similar in its terms to the first resolution of the
gentleman from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER said the resolutions of the gentle-
man were only read for the information of the
House.
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked if he understood the
gentleman from Tennessee correctly, as saying
that Messrs. Dickerson, Vroom, Kille, Copper,
and Ryall claimed their scats without a reference
to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. BELL understood that these gentlemen had
marked their seats on the floor, were exercising the
franliing privilege, and received stationery from
the Clerk, all of which privileges belonged only to
members of the House. Mr. B. wanted to know
whether they still claimed the r rights as members,
or whether they abandoned them. If they had
abandoned their rights, they were liable to serious
penalties for ex?rciiing the privileges they did.
Mr. RAMSEY sail he should like to know
whether this was a privileged motion or not; be-
cause the other day when he offered a petition from
the citizens of the Third Congressional District of
Pennsylvania, claiming their right to be repre-
sen'ed here by the person they had elected, and
asking an investigation in'o the frauds by which a
person who was not lawfully a Represen'ative
[Mr. Naylor] had taken his seat here, it was de-
cided that this petition could not be received with-
out a suspension of the rules; and when the ques-
tion was put on the motion to suspend them, the
gentleman from Tennessee, who now raises this
question of privilege, voted sgiimt the suspension.
Toe SPEAKER said that the motion of the
gentleman from Tennessee was not, in his opinion,
one of privilege. • Tae enly question of privilege
arising orft of this case, which would supersede the
motion- of the gentleman from South Carolina,
would be the coming forward of the five gentlemen
named, and their claiming lo be sworn. Were
they to come-forward and claim to be sworn, the
Speaker would consider it a question of organiza-
tion, and would feel it to be his duty to decide it
previous to enUitaining any other question. He
could not, as the gentleman from Tennessee inti-
mated, consider this as a privileged que-tion on the
information of a gentleman rising in his place; but
the members claiming their seats must of them-
selves come forward and ask to be sworn, and then
he would consider it a question overriding all
others, and would decide upon iifat once5 The mo-
tion of the gentleman from Tennes'ee, in bis opi-
nion, could not supersede that of the gentlejnan
from South Carolina.
Mr. RICE GARLAND appealed from the deci-
sion of the Chair. Assuming the position of the
Chair to be correct, he would ask by what autho-
rity diJ the gentleman from South Carolina offer
his resolution. If Mr. Dickerson and his asso-
ciates did not come forward and claim to be sworn,
what right had the gentleman from South Carolina
to move to send their case to the Committee of
Elections. He understood the gentleman from
N. York, [Mr. VanderpoeI,] to state that these gen-
tlemen did not now claim the r<ght to take the irsea's.
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked leave to exp'an
what he did say. The members from New Jersey,
Messrs. Dickerson aid others, were disposed to
submit to the expressed will of the House, in the
decision made in the case of their opponents. They
