106
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
regarded that decision as indicative of the determi-
nation of the House to permit neither set rf the
contesting claimants to take their seats until an
investigation by the Committee of Election .
Mr. CAMPBELL sa>d the gent'eman from
Louisiana asks by what authority I introduce this
reso ution. It is known to all that the State of
New Jersey is entitled to six Representatives, and
that she now has but one. The House has decided
that one set of the claimants to the five vacant seats
shall not be admitted; and since that decision they
had waited trom day to day without receiving any
petition or memorial on the subject from either of
the contending parties. He thought, therefore, it
was the duty of the House to ascertain and decide
who are entitled to take the vacant seats as mem-
bers from New Jersey, and he al-o thought that
the duty devolved on him, as chairman of the Com-
mittee of Elect.ons, to submit th« resolution.
Mr. GARLAND contended t íat the House had
nothing to do with the matter until these five gen-
tlemen come forward and demand to be sworn in
as members. The House had decided that the
other five should not be permitted to take their
seats, and it had now nothing further to do but to
inform the Executive of New Jersey that the five
seats are vacant.
Mr. POPE agreed with the gentleman from
South Carolina, and thought that his motion was a
puviiegedone. He had prepared a set of resolu-
tions himself, which he should have submitted this
morning if he could have got an opportunity of
doing so; and, in submitt ng it, he shou'd have con-
tended that it was a privileged motion. Indeed,
he viewed it as a question of ihe h'ghest privilege,
and he hoped the Speaker would decide it to be
so, and by this means bring the matter directly be-
fore the House. Mr. P then submitted the reso-
lution, wh ch was read at his request for the in-
formation of the House.
Mr. FLETCHER of Vt. said that the gentle-
man had predicated a privileged question upon
mere rumor, and that no question of fact was be-
fore the Hous-s upon which to base such a mofion;
that the question could not ar se, unless the claim-
ants presented themselves to be qualified, which
had not been done.
Mr. BKIGGS supposed tha' the question before
the House was the resolution of the gentleman
from South Carolina, and he desired that it might
be read. [ Hie resolution was read accordingly.]
If the Chair did not decide the resolution to be a
privileged mot.on,as he conceived it to be one of the
h'ghest order, he hopea it would be received with
the unanimous consent of the House.
The SPEAKER said if no objection was made,
(he rule would be considered as suspended by gene-
ral consent, and the resolution as before the House.
No objection being made,
Mr. ADAMS said he had no objection to the
adoption of the resolution; but he would suggest to
the Speaker ana the House that there appeared to
htm to be a preliminary rco'ution which should
first occupy the time of the House. That it should
be made the duty of the Speaker to inform the
Governor cf New Jersey that his commission had
bejn rejected by this Hods?. It appeared to him
that it was the first step that should be taken.
Party principles and party interest, he taid, had
deprived a Siate of its representation; and it was
due that the Executive Government of that sove-
reign State should be informed what had been
done by this House, and why it had created a va-
cancy and had excluded five of its Represen-
tatives.
[Mr. Hoffman here was, by general consent, per-
mitted to make a report from the Committee en the
Rules, which was ordered to be printed, and made
the order of the day for Thuisday next.
Mr. Banks presented some documents on the
same subject, which were alio ordered to be
printed ]
Mr. FILLMORE desired to know of the chair-
man of the committee what evidence there was in
possession of the House upon which the resolution
was to operate. He hid no recollection that any
had been offered; and he did not understand that
there was any mode by which evidence could be
before the House but by its being presented to it.
He wished, also, to know of the chairman whether
he proposed to íefer to the Committee of Elec-
tions the whole case, or the simple ques-
tion ss to who were entitled to be received
in the first ins'ance as sitting members. He wished
to know if the gentleman proposed to keep the sea's
from New Jersey vacant until a decision should
be male a? to who were duly e'ecled, or until the
committee should repoit who were enlltled to take
th* feats as s tt ng members under the returns.
Mr. CAMPBELL repl ed that the credentials
ot the Governor had already been prcsenied to f-e
House, and the House had decided that the gentle-
man presenting them should not take their seats.
His expectations, therefore, were that the Commit-
tee of Elections would not only consider who were
duly elected, but who were entitled to the returns.
Mr. FILLMORE said if that was the ca<e, he
wou'd venture to asiert that the fire vacant seats
of the members from New Jersey would remain
vacant until the 1st of June next. He did not
know whether the House had gone too far to re-
cede; but he did hope that it wa ? not yet beyond its
power to correct the error into which it had fallen,
and to decide that some persons must take seats as
Representatives from New Jersey. He would pre-
fer that this resolution should be so worded as to
authorize the committee to inquire who had the
documentary evidence cf membership; and after-
wards they should inquire if there was any evi-
dence impeaching it. It seemed to him that this
was but justice to New Jersey, who had too long
been deprived of her /ull representation there, and
that the House had not advanced too far to deprive
itself of the power to do 'his act of justice.
Mr JOHNSON of Tennessee said if gentlemen
felt as he did with regard to the State of New Jer-
sey being deprived of her representat on, they
would be satisfied that this matter ought long ago
to have been inferred to the Cemmittee of Elec-
tions. He thought it was time the question was
settled, and therefore he moved the previous ques-
tion.
The CHAIR being about to put the question,
A discussion ensued involving the question
whether ihe rules had been suspended by general
consent, as suggested by Mr. Brigqs, the Chair
being under the impression that no objection was
made when he stated that the rules would be con-
fite red as suspended unless objection were made,
while Mr. GARLAND of Lou Mr. ADAMS,
and Mr. COST JOHNSON denied that they had
consented—Mr. GARLAND stating that he had
expressly objeated; after which,
The SPEAKER said that, although he had been
under the impression that no objection was made
to the suspension of the rules, and had so stated
the fact to the House, yet, upon the evidence of
the gentleman from Louisiana, [Mr. Garland,]
that he had objected, he would now put the ques-
tion, "Shi 11 the rules be suspended?"
Mr. BOTTS rose to ask the chairman of the
committee to accept a modification of his reso'u-
tion; the substance of which was, that the commit-
tee should first consider and decide on the returns ot
the Governor of Pennsylvania.
Mr. CAMPBELL replied, that he would with
pleasure accept the modifica ion suggested by the
gentleman fiom Virgin'a, but for the reason that
the House had alrtady decided that aues'ion.
Mr. GRIFFIN having called for "the yeas and
nays,
The question was here taken, on Ihe suspen-
sion of the rules, and carred—yeas 182, nays 23, a<?
fol'ows:
YEAS—Mewrs Adams, Alford, Judson Allen, John W.
Allen, Hugh J Anderson, Simeon H. Anderson, Andrews,
Atherton, Banks, Beirne, Biddle, Black, Blackwell, Bond,
Botts, Btyd, Brewstei, Briegs, Broekway, Aaron V Brown,
Albert G Brown, Burke, Sampson H Butler, William O.
Butler, Calhoun, John Campbell, William B Campbell,
Carr, Carrol!, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Clark, Clifford, Coles,
James Cooper, Corwin, Crabb, Craig, Cranston, Crary, Crock,
ett, Cross, Curtis, Cushing, Dana, Davee, Daviee, Garret
Davis, Daw3on, Dillett, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Earl, Eastman, Ely, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Fine, Fisher,
Fletcher, Floyd, Fomance, James Garland, Gentry, Goegin,
Goode, Graham. Granger, Graves, Gnllin, Habersham, Hall,
Hammond, Hand, William S Hastings, J >hn Hastings,
Henry, John Hill of Viraima, John Hill of North Carolina,
Hillen, Hoffman, Holmes, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard,
Hunt, Jackson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel
Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kempehall, Lawrence,
Leadbetter,  Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas,
McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Marvin,
Medill, Montanya, Montgomery, Morgan, Samuel W. Mor
ns, Calvary Moms, Niylor, Newhard, Niabet, Ogle, Osborre,
Pan>h, Farmenter, Pirns, Paynter, Peck, Pickens, Pope,
Prenti=s, Ramsey, Randolph, Randen, Reed, Reynolds, Ridg
way, Rives, Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Samuels, Sergeant,
Shaw, Shopard, Slade, Albert Smith, John Smith, Truman
Smith, Thi"ia3 Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod Srong, Stuart,
Sumter, Swearmgen, Sweeny, Taliaferro, Taylor, Francis
Thomas, Philip F Thomas, Watldy Thompson, Jacob
Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplet!, Trumbull, Tumey,
Vanperpoel, David D Wagenei, Peter J Wagner, Warren,
Watterson, Weller, Edward D White, John White, Wick,
Jared W Williams, Toseph L Williams, Christopher H
Williams, Wise, and Worthington—182
NAYS—Messrs Barnard, Bell, Anson Blown, Chinn, Chit
tenden, Mark A Cooper, John W Davis, Rice Garland,
Gates, Giddngi, Gieen, James, Charles Johnston, William
Cost Johnson Palen, Promt, Rayner, Russell, Stanly, Storrs,
Underwood, Thomas W   Williams, and Lewis Williams—23
The question then coming up on the resolu'ion of
Mr. Campbcll,
Mr BELL moved to amend it by f taking out all
after the word '-resolved," anJ inserting his reso-
lutions a°- a institute
Mr. EIVjsb rose for the purpose of objecting to
any amendment to the resolution. He vo cd for
the suspension of the rules, for the purpose of voting
on the lesoluiion of the gentleman from South
Caro'ina, and not for the purpose of voting on
amendrr -f.*-\
Mr. RANDOLPH here offered the following
amendment to the amendment of Mr. Bell, to
come in after the words " the Governor and Coun-
cil of New Jersey;" and Mr. Bell accepted it as
a modification of hi¡> molion:
"That the commissions issued by him, according
to the laws of said State, to John B. Aycrigg, John
P. B. Maxwell, William Halstcd, Charles C.
Stratton, and Thomas Jones Yorke, have not been
deemed sufficient by the House to authorize them
holding the same to be sworn in as members of this
House "
Mr. BELL then addressed the House at length in
suppoit of his resolutions, going into the general
men s of the whole question with regard to the
New Jersey election.
Mr. DUNCAN followed in reply, in the course
of which he brought out much valuable testimony
in elucidation of the subject; bu', belore conclud-
I   ing, Mr. D. yielded the floor to
Mr. VANDERPOEL, who moved that the
i House adjourn; but withdrew his motion at the re-
I quest of
Mr. JONES of Va. who moved to refer the re-
port   of  the Secretary of  the Treasury on the
I    finances, which was lying on the table, to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
[ Mr. WISE said, with the understanding that th: 
reference was not to interfere with the reference of
the President's message, he had no objection.
The SPEAKER said, that the reference could
only be done by the general consent of the House.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON objected.
Mr. JONES then moved a suspension of the
ruW 'o enable him to make the reference; and
upon mat niu><uoa the jeas and nays having been
called for,
Mr. JOHNSON withdrew his objection, and the
question of reference was put and carried.
Mr. JONJrs moved an adjournment; which mo-
tion was lo_<£.
Mr. WISE moved to take up the bill making
appropriations in part for the support of Govern-
j ment, wh  *  had  been returned from the Senate
with  several   amendments;   which  motion was
,   agr^-I
II       Mr. EVANS said that the amendments of the
, Senate to the bill made it necessary to go into Com-
! mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union to
( consider said amendments, and accordingly made
that motion; which was agreed to.
The House then went into committee on said
bill, Mr. Banks in the chai'.
Mr. EVANS explained that the amendment of
the Senate did not involve any additional appro-
priation—it only specified that $50,000 of the sum
appropriated was for lithography and printing exe-
cuted for the last Congress.
Mr. WISE asked if the amendment of tbe Se-
nate appropriating $50,000 was for arrearages or
for money al eady expended; became if it werei
,    prospective, he should vote against it.
j      Mr. EVANS said it was for money expended in
