11*
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
out doing so, that gentleman could succeed in esta-
blishing certain principle?, which he advocated, to
control the determination of fact?, he thought they
would result pretty much as he wished. This, said
Mr. C. is a question of boundary—of course a
question of fact, as well as law. Now, if the Sena-
tor shall succeed in laying down his own rules
and principles, f. r the ascertainment of the facts,
excluding such evidence as may not accord with
his views, and admitting only such as may tend to
sustain them, it is not difficult to conjecture how
matters will eventuate.
The Senator from Missouri, however, said Mr.
C. maintains that Iowa has no in'crest in this ques-
tion—that it is a question which concerns Mi?souri
alone, except so far as the United States may be a
party. To any such position as this, Mr. C. said,
he could not withhold the expression of his unquali-
fied dissent. He asked, how happened it that ths
people of Iowa had no inierest in a question which
involved the curtailment or enlargement of (heir ter-
ritorial limits ? Had they not the same'inducemen's
to deprécale the ore, or desire the other, that the
people of Missouri had ? It seemed to him, Mr.
C. said, that the people of Iowa, shortly to become
a State of the Union themselves, might b? p.ir-
doned for any apparent unwillingness to have their
limits contracted, and indulged in the solicitude,
common to every other people, rather to have
their Territory enlarged, their resource s augmented,
and their population increased.
Sir, said Mr. C. the ordinance establishing the
Territory of Iowa, not only g:uaran¡ied to the in-
habitants certain fundamental rights—such as the
security of life, liberty, and property—but also de-
fined its boundaries. That ordinance constitutes a
compact between the Genera! Government and the
citizens of the Territory, which  he was not dis-
Eosed to see violated, or lightly considered. Whdst
e would be the last, Mr. C. said, to trench upon
the territory or jurisdiction of Missouri, or any
other Sate of the Union, he conld not consent to
aggrandize or build up one at the sacrifice of ano-
ther. As he was not a member of the Committee
on the Judiciary, he had thought it proper to th'ow
out th;se hints for the consideration of its mem-
ber*, before they came to any determination. He
«incerely trusted they would give the subject, in all
its aspects, the deliberation merited by its impor-
tance.
For himself, Mr. C. said, he had not investi-
gated the subject; be fe)i, however, that it would
be his duty to do so. He was entirely unpreju-
diced, would give it his atteniion, and felt deter-
mined, as far as he was capable, to do justice in
the p.emises.                                                   s
As to the question raised by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Allen,] in regard to the juri d ct on of
the Supreme Court, he should not new express an
opinion, as he thought it would be premature. It
will be time enough to discuss that question after
the Committee on the Judiciary had presented the.r
report. Indeed, Mr. C. thought ihe whole debite
was out of order at this time, and hoped it would
now cease, and the memorial be suffered to go to
the proper eomm,t!ee.
Mr. SMITH (if Indism submitted whether the
whole of this discussion was not premature. In
justice 10 the Senator from Mis ouri, [Mr. Linn,]
he would say that, in his remarks yesterday, he did
not consider him as trenching on the rights rf
Iowa. He hoped the paper would be referreJ
to the appropriate committee, without furiher da-
ba' e.
The question was then taken en referring 1I13
paper to the Comma ee on the Judiciaiy, and de-
cided in ihe affirmative.
Mr. PRESTON p e en led the petition of L-icy
P. Green, praying to re ¡>lk.w.d the c mmutaton
pay to which h-r fate father was entitled as an offi-
cer of the Revolutionary aimy ; which was referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. P. also presented a memorial of Alexander
Cummings and others', officers of the line, piar-
ing that they may ba placed up .in the same foot-
ing as to pay and promo'ion, rs officers of the staff-
which was referred to the Committee on Military
AG&irs*
Mr. MERRICK presented the petition pf Mary
Blakesle, widow of a deceased Revolutionary sol-
i1i;r, praying a pens'on ; which was referred to the
Comnrttee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. M. ordered that the petition of
Eunice Starr, on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. M. also pre-entel the retition of Jamrs P.
Delacour, in behalf of Eli2a Delacour, widow of a
soldijr in the last war, praying a pension ; which
was refenei to the Commrtee on Pensions.
On moúon by Mr. ROANE, orde-ed that the pe-
tition of Jeremiah Fugitt, now on file, be referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion rf Mr. KING, ordered that the Com-
mittee on Commerce be discharged from the-fur-
ther consideration of the report from the Secretary
of State in relation to the nature and extent of the
privileges and restrictions of the commercial inter-
course"of the Uni ed States with foreign nations,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. WALKER presented the petit'on of Thomas
Bunard, praying authority to locate a quantity of
land on any of the unappropriated public lanls in
M'Siissippi; which was referred to the Commiitee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. W. also presen'ed the petition of John W.
Monelte, praying confbmiticn to title to certain
tracts of land; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lan Is,
Mr. W. nho submitted a paper in relation to the
petition of Joseph RadclifT; which was referred to
ih? Commiitee on Claims.
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of Jo-
seph L. Smith and others, praying that the Commit-
tee on Ag'iculture may be instructei to report an-
nually on the condition of the agricultural ¡me-
rest- of the United States; which was referred to
ih? Com.nittee on Agriculture, and ordeied to be
printed.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of Zadoc
Martin, praying the right of pre-empt on to a tract
of land; which was referred to the Commiueeon
the Pub ic Lands.
Mr. B. a's) presented th; memorial of a num-
ber of ctzens of Washingfon county, Missouri,
pnying the estaM'shment of an an additional land
offic; which was referred U the Committee on
Public Land's.
DIVISION OF FLORIDA.
Mr. WALKER, at the request of the De'egate
from the Terr.tory of Florida, presented the pro-
ceedings of a public meeting at St Augustine, in
East Florida, together with a memorial subscribed
by many hundred citizens of ih? Terri 0 y, praying
a division of the Territory, and that the Suwannee
river be the dividing line; which he moved should
be referred to a select committee of five, and be
printed.
Mr. W. said be was decidedly in favor of the
views of the memorialists, and the ultimate crea-
tion of two Slates out of Florida, on? east and the
o hir west of the Suwannee river. As there was
no Committee on the Tei ritories in the Senate, and
as no judicial controversy was involved in tais
matter, but as it was simply a question of expedi-
ency, he had thought it proper to move the ie.'e-
recce to a select committee,
- Florida, as r.e received it from Spain, (said Mr.
W.) was divid.'d into two portions, desigoated as
East and West Flosida, r.nd tlvs was a natural
divis on. Wtst Fioiida borders entirely on the Gulf
of Mexico. Into that gulf flow all is river-, and
into that gulf mustits commerce be forever poured.
It was different with East F.orida; it was Atlantic
in its position, and nearly all its trade must be
carried to that great ocean. The entire Territory
is l-e'ievcd to hi larger in exteot than any State in
the Union; and the smallest division, as proposed
v'z: West Flo.ida, is mnch larger than eirf er of the'
States of Maryland, De'au are, New Jersey, ííh^de
Island, Connecticut, Vermont, New Hampshire
or Massjchus3tts. Florida, west of the Suwannee'
was not only much larger than e.ther of these
eight States, but larger, as was believed, than any
two of th;se States combined. East Florida alone
is about equal in superficial extent to the great
State of Pennsylvania. So far as the extent is
concerned, there   can be then no objection  to
two
S'ates,    as   proposed
,t to create one   State
creaing ultimately
by the memorialists; whil
alone, would be not only to creac a State of vast
superficial extent, but of most inconvenient shape,
stre'ehing in an elbow from Cape Sable to the
Perd'do, a distance of nearly one thousand miles,
and with neatly two thousand mdes of seacoa^t.
Mr. W. believed that the census would show that
the population in Florida, west of the Suwannee,
was already about equal to tint of Arkansas
when admitted into the Union, and therefore could
be immediately admitted as a State; while East
Florida could remain as a Territory until her
population was ascertained to be sufficient for State
purposes. He thought whilst two new S'ates
would soon be admitted from the Nor hwest, it was
due to the South that two States should be created
out of Florida, especially as there were so many
very small States already situated in the North and
■Eist
Mr. CALHOUN said the matt rs embra-.ed in
the memorial presented by the Si 11 tor from Mis-
sissippi, in behalf of the people cf East F'onda,
were of the greatest importance. There were
many grave reasons in favor of the division r f
Florida in'o two States, and perhips some a?ams4
it. But as the subject would sho tly come up, he
presumed, on an app icaiion on th* part of F orida
to bee >me a State, he thought it I est to let ihe me-
morial lay on the table for a few days when the
whole sutijfet cruld be referred tope.her to the same
select committee.
Mr. WALKER said he had no objection to the
course sogzes'ed by the Senator fom South Caro-
lina, if he would call up the mat ■ r shortly; more
especially as he (Mr. W.) was in favor ot ihe im-
mediate admission of West Fl irid i a< a Slav, and
a simultaneous prospective provision for ihe spejdy
admission of East Florida.
Mr. CALHOUN sa d he would call up the mat-
ter at a very early day; and, with Mr. W's con-
sent, the motion for the select committee was, for
the present, laid on the table.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Comn ¡fee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referre I the petition of
Henry Fry, made an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be prin'ed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, fiom the Committee on Na-
val Aflaiis, to which was referr. d ihe memoral of
Ju ia L. Weed, reported unfavorably thereon: the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from t'e Commiitee on
the Public Lands, to which had 1 een referre I a
bill supplemental to the act ent.t ed "An act to
grant pre-emption rights to settlers on the public
land>," reported the same with amendments, which
were ordered to te printed.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the Pub-
lie Lands, to which had been refe red the memo-
rial of John A. L. Norman, askñg Congress to
make a grant of land for the establishment of the
Dade Institute of Florida, made a report the eon,
accompanied by a bill; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading, and the report ordered,
to be printed.
Mr. WALL, from ths Commit ee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill to amend the act ''to provide
for tiking the sixth census or em meration of ihe
inhabitants of the United Slates," appoved March
3, 1839; which was read, and order toasond
reading.
Mr. YOUNG, in pursuance of n tee, asVed and
obtained leave 10 introduce ihe following bid's.
A bill grantinsr to the Ch cazo and Gafe.ia Union
Railroad Company the right of w?y over the pub-
lic lands of the United States, an l for other pur-
pose-; and
A bill for the rel'ef of Benjamin Parsens;
which were severally read twice   and referred to
the Committee on Public Lane's.
Mr. STRANGE givenoüce that on to-morrow
he would ask leave to bring in a bill for the relief
of Hszard Knowles.
Mr. WILLIAMS gave notive that tomorrow
he would ask leave to b.ing in a bill to resálate ths
PaLanDie£«rmnom of theP«r^ of the navy.
Mr. K17GGLES gave notice that to-morrow hs
wonld ask leave to introduce a bib for the relief of
Henry Stone and Charles J. Kelltr.
Mr. WALKER offered the following resolution,;
