114
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
would have been the last manto have refused the
member, fromNew Jersey holding the Governor's
rertificate a seat in the House, had it not been
moved by'the clearest evidence.and by the acknow-
ledement of the membeis themselves, that such
certificate was not in accordance with the majority
of votes given for members of Congre's at the elec-
tion named in that certificate. That the commis-
sion given to those was an outrage upon the r ght
ef suffrage—a right forming the corner stone of
the mighty fabric of freedom which had been
erected by the patriots of the Revo'uiion—a right,
the violation of which by town officers, or county
officers, or State officers, would inflict a deadly
wound upon the liberties of the people. The prin-
ciples and opinions expressed by him in the Legis-
lature of Maine, Mr. S. still entertained; and when
asimilar case was presented, her.  or elsewhere, he
should not fail to avow and reiterate them.
The gentleman from Virginia had remarked at
the commencement of his speech, that it he had
consulted his inclination, he should have remained,
as he had done the first three weeks of the session,
a silent but pained spectator of the proceedings oí
the House. But the high duty he owed to his con-
stituents impelled him toncóme forward and mani-
fest his deep and unmitigated hostility to ihe
course which had been pursued by the friends of
the Administiation upon this and other questions.
Mr. S. had listened to the gentleman with great
pleasure, and should have received additional gra-
tification had he confined himself to the question
under debate, and not travelled out of the record to
attack, gratuitously and without cause, the course
of gentlemen who differed from him in opinion,
and to impute to them the vilest and most unprin-
cipled motives for their conduct on this floor.
The gentleman had slated, most broadly, that Ihe
majority of the House, in excluding the minority
claimants from New Jersey, had been governed
wholly by party feelings, disregarded right, tram-
pled upon the Constitution, and violated the princi-
ples of common honesty. Such wholesale de-
nunciations had been of common and every day
occurrence during the whole debate upon this ques-
tion, by many other gentlemen upon the same side
wi h the gentleman from Virginia. As one of that
majority, Mr S. repelled Ihe charge as false and
unfounded, and he should feel ithisduty, wherever,
whenever, and by whosmoever it might be made, to
hurl it back as a vile and base slander. The gen-
tleman from Virginia had repudiated the dectnne
of State Rights. Mr. S acknowledged that he
was right in that position. His whole course, his
votes and speech, were utterly at variance with
State Rights, with the immunities and sacred pri-
vileges of the people, for which State Rights men
were the distinguished champions.
Tne gent'emen had accused the friends of the
Administration of disfranchising the State of New
Jersey. Mr. S. said it was not so. That it was
the Govertor and his Privy Council who had at-
tempted to accomplish that object—that they had
attempted to set at naught the will and to stifle
the voice of the majority; and for it the speedy re-
tribution of an abused and indignant people await-
ed thpm.
The gentleman seemed to be much annoyed at
the speech of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Dun-
can.] It was not the first t2 me, said Mr. S. that his
friend from Ohio had been a thorn in the side of the
Federal party. His speeches wert not ornamented
with rhetorical flourishes and high sounding words:
they were made up of facts and figures, spread out
in a plain and unvarnished manner, and expressed
in clear and intelligible language, which carried
conviction wherever they weie read. The people__
the bone and muscle of the country—sought them
and read them, and were convinced by them.   But
thegent'eman from Virginia had declined to follow
the gentleman from Ohio, or to attempt to answer
hs   arguments,   but   contented himself, at one
fell swoop, to pronounce the speech as containing
more    falsi hoods  and    misrepresentations  than
any   production   hs had ever   seen.     Mr.   S.
faid this was a very easy and convenient way of
disposing of an argument, whuh could cot be suc-
cessfully answered.   It was the cemmon method
adopted by weak men when they were cornered by
their competitors. It was like Governor Pen-
nington's broad seal, which covered the Constitu-
tion and laws, the will, and the rights of the people;
and which, like that seal, would fail to have efTtct
with men of honest m nds. But the gentleman
pretended to be much disgusted with what he
pleased to term the wanton attacks of the gentleman
from Ohio. That gent'eman, [Mr Botts,] said
Mr. S. should be the last man in this House
to complain of the wanton attacks of others. No
man has used them more freely and more unre-
servedly than himself.
Had the gentleman from Ohio gone out of his
way to attack individca's, who, af er a long and
eminent course of public duties, in the cabinet and
the field, had ret red from the public, service,
crowned with honor, and were now upon the bor-
ders of the gravel Had the speech of the gentle-
man from Ohio been disgraced by an outrage like
that'' No, sir. It was left to the gentleman from
Virginia to do that deed—to denounce, in his place
here, Andrew Jackson, as one of ihe greatest tyrants
which this or any other countty had known' And,
(said Mr. S.) he now repeats it, and shall have all
ihe honor of the charge and its petition. But,
(said Mr. S.) history in all time to come with
brand, bone deep, the falsehood of that charge
upon ihe head of him who makes it. An-
drew Jackson a tyrant' The man who left
the Senate of the United State , and the domestic
comftrts of h's fireside, to volunteer in defence of
his country—who rescued our bleeding frontier
from the torch and the tomahawk—who expel'ed
the merciless savage from our borders! Andrew
Jaekson a tyrant * who bared his bocom to the Bri-
tish bayonet, as well as the Indian tomahawk, and
drove the trained bands of England from our
shores, and saved "the beauty and booty" ot one
of the fairest cities in our land from pollution and
desolation' Andrew Jackson a tyrant' who, after
having re tored peace to his bleeding country, re-
signed the "sword for the plough, and the spear ior
the pruning hook," seek ng rest and retirement in
the shades of hu own Hermitage. Let the gentle-
man have ihe g'ory ot making that charge—the
veriest slave in the land will not envy him.
The question before the House, sail Mr. S. is
upon the proposition of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Bell ] to amend the resolut on of the
chairman of the Committee of Elections, by insert-
ing two other resolutions. Mr. S. was opposed to
such amendment. The resolutions contained state-
ments which were untrue. They assigned a reason
for the stand taken by the friends of the Adminis-
tration, which was not the true one. The gentle-
man from Tennessee had, very gratuitously, in his
second resolution, slated the cause of the suspen-
sion of Mr. Aycrigg and his associates from
their seats, to be to enable them to ptovo
that there was no fraud in the Governor's
ceitficate. Such was not the reason which
had induced the votes which Mr. S. had
given upon that question. He had voted to
exclude those gentlemen from seats until they could
rhow that the majority, which it had been proved
was given against them by the people, and which
they themselves confessed here, was a fraudulent
majority. If that could not be shown, they surely
were not entitled to their seats; and, until it was
shown, they were and ought to be excluded.
The hour of I having arrived,
Mr. G1DDINGS inquired whether he was not
entitled to the floor upon the subject of public
printing, which had been postponed until this day,
and whether that subject was not the special order
of the day.
Some conversation here took place as to the pro-
priety of disposing of Ihe subject now under dis-
cussion, before going into the election for Printer.
Mr. BELL here withdrew his substitute for the
resolutions of Mr. Campbell, which he presumed
would prevent any further discussion upon that
subject, and would thereby enable the House to pro-
ceed to the election of Printer.
Mr. STARKWEATHER having obtained the
floor, said it was not material as to the particular
proposition on which he addressed the House, and
he would, therefore, make his remarks on the re-
solution of the gentleman from South Carolina,
[Mr. Campbell ] Mr. S. then proceeded with his
remarks for a short time; when he was interrupted
by
Mr GIDDINGS, who again claimed the right
to address the House on the question of public
^The CHAIR stated that the election of Printer
was postponed to a day certain, and w^s not a spe-
cial order, as the gentleman had supposed, and the
resolution of Mr. Campbell ot Smth Carolina con-
sequently had precedence He would also inform
the House that the day had expired under which
the order for the Clerk to employ a temporary
printer could be executed, and that no printing
could be done under it after to-day.
Mr. WISE thought the House hid better gj into
the election of Punter, in view^of the expiration of
the previous order ot the House, empowering the
Clerk to have ihe printing executed.
Mr. FILLMORE concurred with the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] and did not con-
sider ihat there was any other business of more
importance before them than the election of public
Pnn'er.
Mr. DROMGOOLE thought ihey had better take
the question on the resolution now propeily before
the House, and pos'pone the election ot Printer un-
til to-morrow.
The CHAIR reiterated his decision that the sub-
ject before the House was the resolution of Mr.
Campbell
Mr. GIDDINGS appealed fiom said decision ;
upon which question
Mr. GRAVES demanded the jeas and nays.
Mr. BELL here asked the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Giddings] to withdraw his appeal. It is ad-
mitted that this order is not a special order, and the
bus ness properly before the House is the resolu-
tion of Mr. C^MFBELL Ii the question on the ap-
peal be pressed, we shall be compelled to sustain
the decision of the Chair, or violate all parliamen-
tary rules. The House could, by general consent,
proceed to the election of Printer; but if it was a
special erder, any gentleman on the floor could in-
terrupt the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stark-
weather] anal demand that they proceed to ihe
election; when the House would determine
whether the business before it should go on or be
laid aside for the special order. The question,
however, as to the election of Printer, was only a
postponement till a day certain; and therelore
could only be taken up by the general consent of
the House.
Consderable discussion here ensued, in which
Messrs. GIDDINGS, CLIFFORD, STARK-
WEATHER, POPE, and GRAVES took part;
the latter gentleman being of opinion that the
election of Printer having been postponed until one
o'clock to-day, had precedence at that hour,over the
resolution then before them.
Mr. CLIFFORD said, the error of the gentle-
nun from Kentucky [Mr. Graves] lies m this.
He does not discriminate between a special order
and a postponement to a day certain. The former
must be taken up at the the hour designated, in
preference to all other business, while the latter
goes on the general orders, and comes op with
them in its turn.
Afler some remarks from Mr. TILLINGHAST,
Mr. WISE called for the previous question on
the appeal, which was seconded by the House.
Then on the question, Shall the main question be
put?
Mr. ADAMS observed that, so far as he under-
stood this question, the decision of the Speaker was
contrary to the established practice of the House.
Mr. A. was proceeding to discuss the point ml
volved, when he was called to order, and told that
an appeal was not debatable.
Mr. GIDDINGS said that, having been appealed
to by several gentlemen around him, he would
withdraw his appeal, and permit the discussion oa
the resolution to go on.
Mr. STARKWEATHER th-n obtained the
floor, and aJdres-ed ihe Hou.e at some len°th on
Ihe general question of the New Jeisey election
replying conclusively to Ihe arguments of the eenl
tltmen who have suppoit-d the claims of the cer-
tificate claimants.    He   look  the  constitutional
