CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
115
ground that the people alone have the right to say
who shall represent them in the Congress of the
United States, and that neither the Governor, the
Privy Council, nor clerks, of New Jersey, have a
right to appoint their Representatives. He further
showed that, as the Governor and Privy Council
of New Jersey have not the right to appoint Repre-
sentatives for the people, neither have they the
right to make evidence which shall exclusively be
received to dttermine the fact of membership by
the House of Representatives; for if they pos-
se sed the lat'er, they would necessarily possess the
former. He repudiated the assumption that the
House could not go behind the returns" of a Go-
vernor of a State; for if thisdcciiine prevailed, the
Government would, as a necessary cons-quence, be
d ssolved, because the Governor of a State, having
the power to commiss.on Eepresentatives, with
the power also to make the evidence of member-
ship which the House could not go behind, might
send Representa'ives here in opposition to the will
c-f the people, and thus the Federal Government
would be virtually overturned. [The speech of
Mr. S. will be given to the readers of the Globe
very shortly.]
Mr. CLIFFORD said, it was true that this sub-
ject had occupied most of the time of Congress
since the   opening of the session; and  it was also
true that that time had been chiefly spent in listen-
ing to speeches from the gent'emen who sustain the
c'aims of the members commissioned by the Go-
veruoi of New Jersey; for little of the  time of the
House had be^n occupied by those who oppose
the claims of these pretenders, and who undertake
to sustain the  rights of the Representatives elected
by the peop'.e.    The first three weeks of the session
he believed were entirely devoted to  the subject;
and he had supposed that, after the decision  upon
the  final proposition of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia,<[Mr. Wise,] and after that gentleman h;mself
had proclaimed that the victory was with the party
in the majority—that the  batttle   has been fought,
and that he and his friends had lost it—that they
would have suftere d the matter, without further
controveisy, to go to the Conmiitee of Elections.
But when the honorable chairman of that commit-
tee [Mr. Campbell] proposed a resolution having
th;s object in view, every obstacle is thrown in the
way—amendment after amendment is pied on it;
and he had a right to complain when gentlemen
undertake to pass by the question immediately be-
fore the Hou-e, and go into a discussion not only of
the merits of the controversy, but into a discussion
of the past decisions of the He use, animadverting,
with great severity, on the course of the majority,
wbüe he and others on his side of the question had
not yet had an opportunity of saying a word on the
subject.     The gentleman  from   Virginia,   [Mr.
Borre,] and others who preceded him, had taken
this course, and the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Randolph] had  been permitted again and
again to occupy the time of the House, in reiterating
the same arguments, and in reviewing the whole
matter connected with the New Jersey elections.
Up to this time, (Mr. C. said,)  he had contented
himself with giving a silentvoteon the varleus ques-
tions that had been presented in relation to this sub-
jectjtakingcare that the eflect of every vote should be
to sustain the rights of ths people; and he would still
have continued to pursue that course had it not
been for some remarks of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Botts,] who made it the ground of com-
plaint that those opposed to him on this question
had not entered sufficiently into the discussion, and
insinuated that their silence was caused not by a
desire to avoid a useless consumption of time, but
becauss of a want of confidence in the justice cf
their cause.   Undei these circumstances, and as the
course of the House had been called in question,
while the majoiity, of which he was one, had been
so severely censured, he would ask the indulgence
of the House while he explained the reasons and
motives which had governed him and his friends in
the course they had taken, promising that he would
not unnecessarily consume the time of the House,
and that he would be as brief in the remarks he
was about to offer as  the nature of the subject
woulp permit.
As the official conduct of the Clerk of th« House
[Mr. Garland] had been frequently censured in
the course of the discussions growing out of the
case of the N«w Jersey contested election—as the
Clerk had applied to the House to permit him to
make a written itatement explanatory of his con-
duct, which courtesy had been denied him, and as
the gentleman f¡om Virgin a [Mr. Botts] had
complained that those who composed the majority
of the House did not choose to discuss the ques-
tion, afier having refused permission to the Clerk
to read his statement, he [Mr. C] would make that
paper a part of his speech, and read it as such; and
he trusted that no gentleman would object to it.
Mr. PECK said he objected to a gentle-
man's reading, as a part of his speech, an argu-
ment concocted by another person, and addressed
to the House, which he considered as out of order.
'< Mr. P. observed at the time that he was willing to
listen to a speech of any length that Mr. Clifford
himself might make.
Mr. CLIFFORD trusted that no gentleman on
| that floor would object to his reading, as part of his
speech, a paper which the Clerk had offered to the
House in explanation of his conduct, which had
been so often called in question. In the little legis-
lative experience he had had, he never knew this
courtesy to be objected to, but in two instances; one
of which was, in this House, where the objection
was overruled, and the other was in the Legisla-
ture of his Slate, where the reading of a paper by
a member was refused, because he was manifestly
endeavoring to consume time unnscessarily. The
House (Mr. C. said) had yesterday permitted the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Randolph] to
have read from the Clerk's table a mass of ex parte
depositions, and he theiefore hoped a like courtesy
would not be refused to him.
Mr. PECK still objecting—
Mr. CLIFFORD a^ked leave of the House to
have the paper read; when
Mr. CLIFFORD called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and on taking the question, it
was decided in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 68,
as fellows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Judson Allen, H. J. Ander-
son, Atherton, Banks, Beatty, Biddle, Black, Blackwell, Butts
Boyd, Bnggs, Aaron V. Brown, S. H. Butler, John Camp-
bell, William B. Campbell, Carr, Carter, Casey, Chapman,
Clifford, Coles, Crary, Cross, liana, Davee, John Davis,
John VV. Davis, Doan, Doig, Diomgoole, Duncan, Earl, East-
man, Ely, Fillmore, Fine, Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, Gentry,
Gerry, Goggin, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings,
Hillen, Hoiines, Hook, Howaid, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson,
J. Johnson, C. Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim,
Kemble, Leadbetter, Leonard, Lowell, Lucas, McCIellan,
McCulloh, McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Medill, Montanya,
Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parish, Parmenter, Parns,
Paynter, Petrikin, Pientiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Ridgway,
Rives, Edward Rogers, James Rogéis, Samuels, Shaw, John
Smith, Thos. Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Sumpter,
Swearingen, Sweeny, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip F.
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Underwood, Vanderpoel,
David D. Wagener, Watterson, Weller, Jared W. Williams,
J. L. Williams, Wise, and Worthington—110.
NAYS—Messrs. John W. Allen, Simeon H. Anderson, An-
drews, Bell, Bond, Calhoun, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark, James
Cooper, Mark A. Cooper, Corwin, Crabb, Cranston, Edward
Davies, G. Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dillett, Edwards, Jas.
Garland, R. Garland, Gates, Goode, Graham, Granger, Graves,
Green, Grinnell, Habersham, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, James,
Challes Johnston, William Cost Johnson, Kempshall, Law-
rence, Lincoln, Marvin. Monroe, Morgan, Ogle, Osborne, Pa-
len, Peck, Pope, Proffit, Randall, Randolph, Reed, Russell,
Saltonstall, Sergeant, Truman Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart,
Taliaferro, W. Thompson, Toland.Triplctt, Trumbull, P. J.
Wagner, E. D. White, J. White, Thos. W. Williams, Lewis
Williams, andS. Williams— 63.
The House having thus decided that the state-
ment might be read, it was read accordingly from
the Clerk's table; after which,
Mr. CLIFFORD yielded the floor to
Mr. REYNOLDS, who moved an adjournment;
and
Mr. STANLY having called for the yeas and
nays, which call was not sustained, only 17 mem-
bers rising in favor of it,
The question was taken by tellers, and decided
in the affirmative—yeas 9á, najs 49; so
The House adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, January 11,1840.
The SPEAKER laid befo.e the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
enclosing a printed copy of the receipts and ex-
penditures of the year 1839; which was referred
to the Committee on. Public Expenditures.
The SPEAKER announced the order of the
day; which was the resolution of the chairman
of the Committee on Elections, [Mr. Campbell of
South Carolina,] proposing to refer to that commit-
tee all the papers and testimony relating to the
New Jeisey disputed election.
Mr. CLIFFORD, who was entitled to the floor,
was about resuming his remarks; when he was in-
terrupted bv
Mr. BOTTS, who prevailed upon Mr. C. to yield
the floor, to enable him to propound an interrogatory
to Mr. Surra of Maine, in reference to his remarks
of yesterday.
Mr. B. regretted that it was not in his power on
yesterday to get the floor to reply to that gentleman.
His position before that House and the country
now, in consequence of those remarks, required
that he should notice them, however much he re-
gretted to be compelled to occupy the time of the
House to reply to language of a personal and
oflensi ve character. In the first place, he would be
pleased to learn from the gentleman from Maine
whether he wished or intended them to apply in a
personally offenñve character or not? Mr. B. said
he wished him to state distinctly to the House whe-
ther in the language, "a vile and base slander,"
used in reply to his remarks characterizing and de-
nouncing the course of the Democratic party in the
New Jersey disputed election—and hi-s language,
"that history, in all time to come, will brand, bone
deep, the falsehood of that charge upon the head of
him who makes it," in reply to my remarks de-
nouncing General Jackson as a tyrant, was in-
tended by him to have a personal application to
me?   He required a distinct answer.
Mr. SMITH said before he should consent to
comply with the demand thus preremptorily made
upon him by the gentleman from Virginia, he must
first have the decision of the Chair, that he should
be permitted to reply to any remarks in which that'
gentleman might be permitted to indulge after Mr.
S should have made the explanation requested.
The SPEAKER was understood to say that the
gentleman from Virginia wonld not be permitted
to make any remarks not in order; and that it
would depend entirely upon the courtesy of the
other gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Clifford.] who
was entitled to the floor, whether Mr. S. be afforded
an opportunity to reply.
Mr. SMITH then appealed to the gentleman
from Maine, who had yielded the floor to the gentle-
man from Virginia, whether he would extend the
same courtesy to him to reply to that gentleman.
To which
Mr. CLIFFORD replied, " certainly."
Mr. SMITH said he had supposed that the opi-
nions advanced by him yesterday, in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia, had been expressed in-
language sufficiently explicit not to be misunder-
stood. He had endeavored to avoid all ambiguity,
and to use the plainest terms of speech; and if be
had failed to be apprehended by that, or any other
gentleman, it was because he had not the ability to
express himse'f with grea'er e'earnefs. The sen-
timents he had uttered, were hi; honest and sincere
convictions, and he should not hesitate, at all times,
on proper occasions, to avoid and repeat them.
Entertaining, as he did, the most exalted
opinion of the Jate President of the United
States, and holding his character and pub-
lic services in the highest veneration and
respect, he should never, here or elsewhere,
permit them to be wantonly assailed without repel-
ling, to the be.*t of his abiliy, any attack which
might be made upon them. The charge made by
the gentleman, in his speech, wholly unprovoked as
it was, in the opinion of Mr. Smith, merited re-
buke. But it was a principle well understood, that
the character of public men is matter of opinion,
about which individuals had a right to differ.
Whether Andrew Jacksan were, as Mr. S. believed
him to be, a patriot, or, as the gentleman from
Virginia had professed to believe, a tyrant
was a matter of opinion. The gentleman
had, in the strongest terms, denounced him « 
tyrant of the blackest dye. Mr. S. brffcl-it his
duty to say, in reply, what he was ™j^  !T
peat-that history, in all coming time, wonldI pro-
nounce that opinion erroneous and false,   tie naa
