CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
117
the name policy, baa successfully conducted our domestic and
foreign i elation  in the midst of peculiar and very extiaordina-
IT dttncu.lies: Therefore, belt
1.    Resolved by the General Assembly of the Slate of Ten-
ntssee, That our Senators in Congress be instructed, and our
Representatives requested, to rote against the chartering by
Congress of a National Bank.
2.  Received further, That our Senators in Congress be in-
structed, and our Representatives requested, to vote for, and to
use all lair and proper exertions to procure the passage of a
measure bruught forward in tiie Congress of the United States
commonly called the Sub Treasury bill, or Independent Trea-
sury bill, the object of which was to separate the collection,
keeping, and disbursement of the public mitney from all banks,
so as to make t m Treasury of the United States independent
of all banks, as recommended by the President of the United
States in hia several messages communicated to the last Con-
gress of the United States.
3.  Resolved further, That this General Assembly doth un-
qualifiedly condemn the provisions of a bill heretofore before
the Senate of the United States at us last session, entitled "a
bill to prevent the interference of certain Federal officers in
elections," which lull this General Assemhly dath declare to be
a violation of the Constitution ol the United States, which pro-
Tides that "Congress shall pass no law abridging the ireedom
of speech and of the press," and they do as unqualifiedly con-
demn the vote given in favor of said bill by the Senators in
Congress from this State, and our said Senators in Congiess are
hereby instructed, and our Representatives requested, to vote
against, and to use all fair and proper exertions to prevent the
passage of the same or any similar bill.
4.  Resolved further, That our Senators in Congress be in-
structed, aiid our Representatives requested, to vote against
the measure heretofore brought be/ore Congress, which had for
its object the distribution among the States, the proceed? of the
sales of the ptibl c lands, and tbat they be further instructed to
vote for,and use all fair and proper exertions to procure the
passage of, a law for the graduation and reduction of the price
of the public lands, and forgraming pre em, uon rights to the
occupant settlers thereon.
6. Resolved further, That our Senators m Congress be in-
structed, and our Representatives requested, to vote for, and
use all fair and proper exertions to procure the passage of, a
a law repealing the duties on imported sa't.
6.  Resolved further, That this General Assemhly doth hear-
.ily approve the leading measures and policy of the Adminis-
trations of Andrew Jackson and Martin Van Buren, and our
Senators in Congress are hereby instructed, and our Represen-
tatives requested, to support, in good faith, the leading mea-
sures and policy as brought forw< rd and advocated by the pre-
sent President of the United States, and to use all fair and
proper exertions to cany out, sustain, an] accomplish the
same.
7.  And resolved further, That the Governor be rcquceted to
transmit to each of our Senators and Uepresentatives in Con-
gress a copy of the foregoing preamble and rmilu'ion''.
JONAS E. THOMAS,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
THOS  LOVE,
Speaker of the Senate.
Adopted 14th November, 1S39.
Mr. W. said, that for the parpóse of avoid-
ing any misapprehension, or misr<:presentatirn of
bis remarks in reply to the Legislature of his State,
he woold, with the consent of the Senate, read from
a paper he held in his hand, that reply.
Leave being unanimously accorded, M. W. read,
at great length, his reasons for non-complianc? with
the instructions, and concluded by resigning his
seat as a Senator of ihe United States.
Mr. W. said, that is ihe answer which, if God
spares me, I intend to send, without delay, to ihe
Legislature ot Tennessee. I am no longer a mem-
ber of this body; of its henors I shall receive no
share; from its labors I shall be excused, and from
the high responsibility which rests upon it for this
and for future generations, I am now absolved. 1
now part from this honorable body in the same
«pint by which I have ever been actua'ed, while
associated with them; wishing them, individually
and collective y, every blessing which ihe world
can bestow; and allow me to express the hops that
their conduct will ever be such that at the last mo-
ment every individual can withdraw from the
world with a quiet conscience.
Mr. GRUNDY was underslood to say that, as to
the instructions generally, he considered them asco-
inciding with bis own opinions, and he thought he
was prepared to foUow them. He had no recollection
of any instructions here that differed from bis own
views and practice, with a smple exception, wh.ch
was tbat of the Independent Treasury. He had
voted against that just before he left this body; but
he had done so in obedience to instructions, and
against his own judgment. He would now, there-
fore, vote in favor of it, agreeably to later infrac-
tions, and in accordance with his own judgment.
On motion by Mr. LINN, it was ordered lhat
the memorial of Samuel Norris be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the m?morial of
Benjamin Carleton; which was referred to the
Commitiee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. H. also presented the memorial of Na-
thaniel Gunnison; which was referred to the Com-
pittee oo Commerce.
Mr. H. also presented the memorial of Abigail
Carleion and others; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. H also presented the memorial of Edward
Ward and others, praying that provision may be
made for granting pensions to the widows and chil-
I'  dien of the non-commissioned officers and soldiers
of the army, who may die or be killed in  the ser-
■  vice of the United Stales; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LINN presented the memorial of the West-
ern Academy of Natural Sciences, at St. Lotus,
Missouri, praying the aid of the Gene-al Govern-
ment in the purchase of a library and instruments,
the erec'iort of asmtab'e building, and th  purchase
of ground for a botanic garden for thai institution;
wh'ch w as referred to the Committee on Pub'ic
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which bad been referred a message from
the President of the United States, transmirins in-
formation in compliance with a ie>  ution of the
Senate, in relation to the banks which hive rectni-
ly suspended specie payments, &c. asked that they
be discharged from the further consideration there-
¡   of, and that it be laid on the table and ordered to
be printed, and lhat two thousand addit onal co-
1   pies be printed; which was agreed to.
ii      Mr.  W.   also   from the same committee, to
I,  which was referred a report from the Secretaiy of
1  Slate in compliance with a resolution of the Se-
nate, showing the nature and extent of the privi-
1  leges and restrictions of ihe commercial intercourse
of the United States with all foreign nation , asked
1   to te discharged from i-s further consideration,
¡|  and that 2,501) additional copies bs printed for the
use of the Senate; which was agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Indiana, from the Committee on
Roads and Canals', to which had been referred a
bill to authorize ihe New Albany and Mouni Car-
mel Railroad company lo enter, on a credit, a
quantity of land to aid ihe company in the con-
struction of a railroad from New Albany, Indiana,
to Mount Carmel, Illinois, and for other purposes,
reponed the same with seme amendment , accom-
panied by a report in favor of the objects of the
bill.
Mr. Y. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the continuation of the Cumbei land road
in the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois; tvh.ch
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Commitiee on Ccmm*rce,
to which had been referred the petition of Enoch
Btldwin, made a report thereon, (which was or-
dered to be printed,) accompanied by a bill for the
relief of the owners of the Brush brig De pate1?;
wh:ch was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. DAVIS also, in pursuance of no'ice, asked
and obta>ned leave to introduce a bill to refund to
Noah Miller and others a part of the proceed* of
the sale of the British sloop Mary and cargo, which
were captured by them, and libelled and sold for
the t enefit of the United .States; which was read,
and ordered to be priniel.
Mr. TAPPAN, from Ihe Commitiee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred ihe pstition of Archi-
ball S. Campbell, made an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, t > which was referred a bill for the
benefit of the Selma aud Tennessee Railroad Com-
pany, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Jrsiah Sturges and others, made an adverse report
thereon; which was ordered tobe printed.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Commitiee on
Public Lands, to which had been referred a me-
morial of the president and directors of the Gaines-
ville and Narkeeta Railroad Ci mpany, prayirg a
grant of land to aid in the consructien of said
ro d, reponed a bill for the benefit of the Gaines-
ville and Narkeeta Railrcad Company; whiih was
read, and ordered to a seconl reading.
On motion by Mr. CALHOUN,
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate whether
the Government of Great Britain ha  ytt nude
compensation to Pur citizen* in th« case of the
brigs Enterprise, Encomium, and Comet: the
fiist of which was forcd, by s'ress of weather, inio
Pon Hamilon, m Bermuda, and the other two
wretk d on the kejs of the Bdhtma, and t!,s
s'aves on board forcibly se:zel and dja n d; wi.h.
the copy of any corresp<>n'ence re'at'tg thereto
which may have taken place since th* answer of
the call at the last se>s;onon the same subject.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following rrsolu-
tior:
Resolved, That- the C mmitiee rn Finance in-
quire in'o the propriety of modifying the duties on
the imponation of works in marble, so as to au-
thorize the discrimination of the works of cii zts
of ihe United Su es n- s din? ¿broad fee ef diitt,
and of other product.ons oí fine aits at a redut rú
duly.                             '
Mr. NORVELL introdu;ed the fo'lowing re o-
lution:
Re-ohed, Thpt Ihe Committee rn the Ji.dicinry
be instructed lo inquiríalo the expediency of prss-
ing a gene ral bankrupt law.
Mr. SMITH ol Indura s ibm'tted ¡he fo'ioving:
Resolved, Tat the S.'cteUry ot War be  di e ted
ro s^nd to the Señale a copy of 'he  report of Na-
tiamel West, C'immis-sioner to inve*i.gat  claims
against ihe Miami Indians, for the year 1839.
ORDERS OF THE D\Y.
Mr. WRIGHT said, that to-d?y was set mart
for the consilient on of two bills reported from the
Counmi tee on Finance; but in consequence rt tne
greet importance of the unfinished brs fe^s, hs
would not t'eem it his duty to | rjss their considera-
tion at ihis time: he, howev*r, co-sidtrad it ex-
tremely desirable that they should be taken cp to-
morrow.
SETTLEMENT OF FLORIDA.
The b.ll for the armed occupation and sett'e-
ment of that part of the Territory of F or da n >w
overrun by marauding bands of histile Indians
was then taken np.
Mr. T Í.PPAN said he wou'd ask the leave of th3
Se-vate to modify his resolution to recommit the
bi 1 w th instructions. He wished that ths commit-
tee m ght be able to take the amendments offered
by himself, and the suggestions thrown out by
other Senators whi hive s^poken on the subject,
into cons deration, without any restrictions. He
therefore modified his motion by striking ont the
words "with instructions."
Mr. BENTON said he desired, if no other Sena-
tor wished to make any remarks on the bill, to say
a few words in conclusion. No other Senaior
manifesting a disposition to speak,
Mr. B. proceeled at 'egth to address the Senate
in reply to the o*ji ctions  raised against  the bill;
And after some remarks in íeply by Mr.
PRESTON,
The question was taken on recommitting the bi'l
with the amendment', which was agreed to.
And the Senate adjoarned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, January 13, 1840.
Mr. PICKENS asked ihe kind indulgence of the
House, while he caHid its attention to a matter
somewhat personal to himself. He alluded to an
article whi h appealed in one of the city papers on
Saturday last. Ii had been his hibit, for several
years past, when any thing scurrilous with regard
to him appeared in any of ihs vile and slandercus
papers of the day, to pass it by with the deep con-
tempt which its infamy mer.ted. But his apoltgy
fur noticing ihe publication he alluded to, arose
from the fact that some others besides himself were
implicated. A paragraph, Mr. P. said, had ap-
pear;d in the Madiscnian of Saturday last, in the
following words:
"A gentleman long well known in this city, whos^
name and character we believe to be a sufficient
guuaran'ee of his truth and s ncenty, called upon
us on Thursday last and divuljed to us a secret of
which he was possessed, and of which he had be-
fore heard some intimations, which will place
the coalition  in a point of view more shoeing
the candidates of >h  Van Bmwiim,  nd General
