113
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Duff Green, ibe candidate of the Calhoun Nal-
lifters, in respect to the printing of the House of Re-
presentatives.                                       .       ,
"The substmce of the matter communicated to
us, is this: that General Duff Green has said in
this cuy in the presence oí a witness, that
if Gales and Seaton would give him 8 per cent.
on the bills for the printing of the House, he
could secare them the contract—that he had
been offered $10,000, a gross sum to be paid
in cash, by aaother firm, (meaning Blair & Rives,)
and that unless Gales and Seaton, whom he prefer-
red, closed with him speedily, his friends having
the balance of power in the Hou?e of Represénta-
te is, he should give it to Blair and Rives, or words
to that effect.                 •
"Messrs. Gales and Seaton, fays our informant,
would not 'hear to the proposal,' and he infers
from the previous asseveration of Gen. Gie?n, and
from the fact, as he says, of a ceriain note of a
large amount having been unexpectedly paid at the
bank, and certain bail released, that the bargain
with Blair and Rives was immediately closed, and
the money, or a larger part thereof, paid over in
cash.
"Por ourself, we affirm nothing, except the sub-
stance of the communication made to u*. Of the
truth of that communication, we are authorised to
Slate that, if it be denied, a witne*s is ready to sub-
stantiate it before a tiibunal of justice."
Mr. P. said he would not detain the House by
reading the balance of this paragraph, for upon the
maters there suggested, he did not pretend ta
be informed, fie did not ktov what General
Green had said to any member of this House; but
the charge to which he called the public attention
was, that General Green was the candidate of the
Calhoun Nulliners. 1 appeal, siid Mr. P. to those
gentlemen wi'.h whom I act—and ihey ate but few—
an!, in their name—if it he intended by this
artful s'anderar to assert, that he has ever
received counsel or assistance, directly or indirectly,
from me or from them—I say it is an infamous
fals?hood. I do not mean to siy that 1 have any
knowledge of what General Green did or did not say
to any person whatever, when I repudiate the idea
that he ever was, in the slightest degree, our can-
didate. Oa the first day that I came here, I re-
ceived a note stating that he would be a candidate,
and could be elected—but, Mr. Speaker, you know
how I treated that note. I never gave him the
slightest countenance. I have risen merely to re-
ply to the vile charge to which I have called the
attention of the House, and I throw it back
npon the anther with the scorn and contempt
it deserves. I have nothing more to say
on this subject. The moment the Harrisburg Con-
vention made its nomination, my mind was made
up ft r whom I should vote. I think, said Mr. P.
that th'.s circums' anee furnishes an additional rea-
son why we should settle these low contentions
growing out of the election of Printer, by going
into that election at once, and then passing the re-
solutions of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Anderson] in relation to the final settlement of
the matter, and separating the public printing from
the political press hereafter. Mr. P. returned his
thanks to the House for their kind indulgence, and
took his sea'.
Mr. HOWARD, of indiana, asked permission of the honorable
gentleman who was entitled to the floor, and of the House,
while he moved a suspension of the rtilet in order to move the
reference to the Committee on the Judiciary of Document No.
—, on the subject of the Wabash' and Erie Canal land claims,
together with the resolutions of the Legislature of Indiana on
the same subject, and the ptjritingof the latter.
The motion requiring the «enerad consent of the House, and
Mr. PECK and sever*! other objecting, it was not re-
ceived.                        7
ORDERS OF TI1E DAY.
The CHAIR announced that the question before the House
was the resolution oFMr. Campbell, of South Carolina, pro-
Soslng to referall the papers and testimony relating to the New
er^ey disputed elation to the Committee of Elections.
r. COOPER^ of Pennsylvania, who was entitled to the
floor, briefly examined the Constitution and laws with re-
ference to th&ease.   New Jersey, he said, had complied with
the Constituían by electing men to take care of her interests
on tftjt floqu and that she had been grossly wronged when she
its for her Representatives, who were legally
returnedunder the seal of that State, which was in itselfhigh
and conclusive evidence of election, and could not be im-
peached by any collateral evidence in any court in the United
States.   But he did not claim that Mr. Acraoo and his asso-
ciate* were entitled to seats on the commission alone, but that
they wete eWrtlejj, also, because they had received a majority I
u
of the legal votes of the people of New Jersey. All the prece-
dents which had been quoted by gentlemen on the other side
without a single exception, (he said,) goes to sustain the
claims of Mr. Aycekh  and his associates, the persons holding
the le al credentials, and that they were entitled to hold seats in
the firkinstar.ee, until the matter should be properly investi-
gated. He did not deny the power of the committee to go be-
hind the certificate and investigate the election, and see it
fraud* had been committed by the county clerks, and even at
the polls, but contended that New Jersey should be represent-
ed on the floor in the mean time, and the committee should nrst
investigate the returns and decide who were entitled to hold
seats until the other matters behind the certificates could be in-
vestigated. He dwelt on the injustice that would accrue to
New'jersry should the House persist in depiiving her of five-
sixths of her representation. Important laws, he said, might
be enacted—even war itself might be declared—and yet she
would be deprived of a voice on that floor, and at the same
time would have to share in the responsibility, ami would be
compelled to sustain those measures by her treasure and her
blood Mr. C. then referred to the various precedents, particu-
larly those of Pennsylvania, which had been referred to in jus-
tification of the course of the House in this matter. He m-
stanced the contest in the State of Pennsylvania between Bell
and Brooks. Bell was permitted to take his seat in
the Legislature, in the first place, and participate fully
all the deliberations of that body, notwithstanding it was known
that Brooks had a majority of the votes, and was prepared to
exhibit proof of ihe fact. It was to the casting voteof Bell that
rebellion in the State of Pennsylvania was made successful.
Some gentlemen, as a justification of their course in the New
Jetsey contest, pretend that it was respect for the voice of the
people which induced them to exclude her representatives from
seats. This, he said, was to his mind a strange kind of respect
for the people, to disregard the authority which the people them-
selves had cnnstituted¡to make known their wishes—that the Go.
verrior and Council, under the organic law, was the only chan-
nel through which the people could mate their voice be heard
upon that floor or elsewhere. He contended that the Governor
and Council were right in rejecting the votes of Millville and
South Amboy, on account of informality—and that the Commit-
tee of£lections could not count them, because they had not been
taken in conformity wilh the laws' of New Jersey—that, in
one instance, one of the inspectois had been excluded
from a seat in direct violation ol law, which, he was
understood to say, was the cause for the rejection of the
poll in the district in which he should have presided; if the
principles «flaw, common sense, or precedents were at all to
be consulted, that the Governor was perfectly justifiable in ex-
cluding those polls. He contended that Messrs. Aycbigg and as-
sociates, the gentlemen holding the certificates, had discovered
two hundred and forty-or.e illegal votes—eighty-three alien, one
hundred and for y-five non-residents, and others voting twice,
andso forth—and that they were consequently elected by the
legal votes given; and that this evidence had been properly ta-
ken, and was the right kind of evidence to produce to this
House, and for the action of the committee. This, he said, was
no contest in law; that the Democratic claimants had not ap-
proached that House in a lejal and constitutional way; had not
presented th?ir petition to make it a regular contested case;
and there was no evidence upon which to exclude Messrs.
Ayckibg and company from seats. He contended that the
statement of the Secretary of State was not legal evidence upon
which that House could act; that it wouJd not be received in
any court, and therefore should not be accredited nor received
by the Committee of Elections for their action.
Mr. C. then went into an examination of the speech of Mr.
Ditnoan, which, in some facetious remarks, he compared with
the landlord's supper in Don Quixote. The landlord, he said,
had promise 1 the traveller every dainty which the season could
afford, but when ho was pressed for his bill of fare, all that he
could serve up for asupper was a mess of "cow's heels." So
it was, he said, with the gentleman from Ohio; he had pro-
mised to prove, by indisputable testimony, that the gentlemen
holding the certificates were not entitled to seats; yet, after all
his great flourishes, and promises of facts, by which it was ex-
pected he would annihilate the claims of these gentlemen, he
had, like the landlord, failed; he had served his mess of "cow's
heels" by producing ex parte affidavits, taken by, God knows
whom, and documents which had again and again been brought
before the country. He concluded his remarks by occupying
the same grounds which had been previously taken by other
gentlemen on the same side of the question, and denounced the'
Administration party—contending that they had acted in this
matter solely with a view to party interests, to secure the elec-
tions of Speaker, Clerk, and Printer.
Mr. LEET thought if ever there was a subject exhausted on
earth, it was that relating to the New Jersey elections. We
are now (said he) in the seventh week of the session, a.id, so far
as this subject is concerned, we are just (said he) where we
were at first—we have not advanced one step. He felt himself,
therefore, under these circumstances, compelled to say that he
would not inflict a speech on the House at this time, nor would
he attempt to occupy its attention until it had received a report
fiom the Committee of Elections. He had his opinions, and
had avowed them sufficiently in the votes he had given, while
he was prepared to vindicate them now; but he sincerely be-
lieved that further discussion in the present stage of the busi-
ness, would be a useless consumption of the t me of the House.
Were he an old member, and had he a more extensive ac-
quaintance with the" members, he would venture an
appeal to their good sense, and ask them if It was
not time to do something on this question. I have
listened with much pleasure to the arguments of my
colleague, for whom I have great respect, and think that it may
beansweredconclusively; but would prefer taking the ques-
tion without prolonging the discussion. Mr. L. said he rose on
Saturday, and tried to obtain the floor, with a view to put nn
end to this interminable debate. The matter must ultimately
be sent to a committee, and let it go there at once. Gentlemen
could make their speeches when the report of the committee
was before the House. The question now was on the motion
made by the gentleman from South Carolina, the chairman of
the Committee of Elections, from whom it most appropriately
came, and to have that motion decided vpon without further
useless delay, he would move the previous question.
Mr. RAMSAY appealed to the gentleman to withdraw his
motion for a moment, to enable him to make a few remarks
Mr. LEET withdrew the motion !-• ;.!!.nv «n explanation
(romMr. R. on condition that Mr. R. \votrtf r-r.-.v it when he
concluded,
/
Mr RAMSEY thought that the House would concede to him
that hei was not one ol those who delayed ihe business of the
tnat he was not one o                     thig floor. but at the „«
h?q— Sly' He hf '•--me "ght to be heard that
wm conceded to others, and .would now proceed (ojtnswei
sTmeTthe remarks o 'his coligue, [Mr. fcooP ,] who had
mSst wantonly dragged Pennsylvania into the arena for the
nurposo of covering her with disgrace.
P (Mr. Leet here Interrupted Mr. R. and said that he did not
yield him the floo.- for the purpose of n,.ktng ia speech but
merely for the purpose of making an explanation. If a speech
was to be made Mr L. said he was entitled to the floor, and wm
prepared to make it; but he thought ^""«^^"^tly
highly inexpedient, and that it was time that tins apparently
interminablequestion wasput an end to.           ^.t,.*™ ,
The Chair said that Mr. Ramsey wasentilled to the floor.]
Mr RAMSEY replied, that he regretted exceedingly the in-
terruption of his colleague on such an occasion; and said that,
as he had the floor, he would keep it until he had concluded his
remarks These, said he, as promised, shall b3 bnei and to the
purpose.                                                    ,                „ _,
He had listened with much attention to the various argu-
ments offered on this ques'ion since the commencement of the
session, and he acknowledged that a great deal of legal lore haü
been elicited on one side, sustained by broad seals an'! quibbling
technicalities; whilst on the other, the simple facts seemed to be
mainly relied upon. Hewouldnot permit himself togo into an
examination oí the subject under the circumstances in which
he stood, and would vote most cheerfully forits immediate re-
ference to the Committee of Elections, in cooformitv with the
resolution of the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Camp-
bell.] To that committee it ought to have gone a month
since. But, (Mr. R. said,) he rose chiefly for the purpose of
repelling the charges brought asrainst the people of Pennsyl-
vania, the honest yeomanry of that State, by his colleague [Mr.
Cooper] and others He never would consent to set still in his
place and quietly listen, for days and weeks, to the continued
strain of invective there had been kept up here against his na-
live State and her institutions, and would expose at once the
presumption ofthe assailants, and the utter recklessness of their
assertions. I say (continued Mr. R ) that my colleague has
u'terly perverted the conclusion naturally to be deduced from
the Pennsylvania cases of contested elections, as cited and ap-
plied t« the question now before the House. In truth, both
ques'ions are identically the same in the main particular—and
that is in the hiih handed and daring attempt oí the Governor
and Council of New Jersey to appoint members of Congress in
opposition to the expressed will ofthe people, and the infamous
proceedings on the part of Governor Ritner, in issuing letters
patent to men of straw to fill seats in the State Legislature, de-
nied them at the polls. Both, sir, are revolutionary move-
ments on the part of the Governors of New Jersey and Penn-
sylvania, and they, with their retainers, Privy Council, Bank
agents, Halifax rioters, and pensioned menials, strewed along
the public works thick as the locusts of Egypt, are the wortlm-s
who should properly be branded as the authors of conspiracy
and rebellion ; they are the only persons who have attempted to
trample the Constitution a'.d laws under foot. The people of
Pennsylvania stood by the Constitution and the laws, they
upheld the drooping banner of fieedom, and although de-
nounced as cantóte and dog-fighters on this floor, their bold-
ness and energy outfaced the treasonable machinations of a
band of conspirators worthy of Catiline and the deaenerate
days of Rome. Dog-fighters,'indeed I (exclaimed Mr. R.) The
honest yeomanry of Pennsylvania who assembled at Harris-
bui?, composedof the most wealthy and influential citizens of
the State, a mob too! These declarations Bound mighty well
here, but those who know and understand the proceedings ofthe
citizens concerned therein, will laugh to scorn thisfishwoman
slander. Why, sir, I maintain that if the people of Pennsyl-
vania had permitted Governor Ritner and his Secretary to
thrust into the legislative hails their menials and dependants, in
opposition to legal certificates, a majority of votes, and the
laws and Constitution ofthe land, as was the case in the county
of Philadelphia, and the one presented at the opening of the
Legislature, then (hey would truly have deserved all the very
gentlemanly epithets that have been heaped upon them. But,
sir, they proved themselves lineally descended from the same
dog-fighters and mobiles who rose in rebellion against a King
and a Parliament; who owned the soil, who tilled it, who fought
and bled, and finally achieved our glorious Revolution. Sir, I
exult in the resistance of my fellow-citizens to the first attempt
made to place collars upon their necks, and to convert them,
not into dog-fighters, but into dogs themselves. It augurs well
for the Republic, and the stability of our institutions.
I am sick to death of hearing about this everlasting mob at
Harrisburg; and I would ask my chivalrous colleague why he
and his valiant friends did not stand up like men,"and cut off
the heads and ears of this monster, instead of making tracks from
the Capitol, North, East, South, and West, and even jumping out
of the back windows. I happened to be present, with hundreds
of the honest farmers of my neighborhood, and the scampering
was truly laughable; the cow's heels that the gentleman talked
about in his speech the other day, in reply to my friend ft-dm
Ohio, [Mr. Duncan,] would not have answered the purpose
there. Well, Sir, 1 was one nf that mob ; and so help me Ilea-
ven, if there is ever such another—if I ever witness an attempt
on the part of a Governor and his humble Secretary to trampfe
the Constitution under foot, for the purpose of canyinj out the
pnncip'e of" treating elections ns if they had not happened "
I will be amongst them once more, and if remonstrance will not
do (making a significant gesture) he would go a step further
Hut, sir, I promised not to make a speech, and I think, under
the circumstances, my colleague ought to have declined occu,
pying the time of the House. Now, particularly, as it is
extremely doubtfu , to say the least of it, whether he is himself
entitled to sn in this Hall. If I could call up tile ghom ofthe
departed dog fighters and lazzarnni ofthe Millerstown dtsjrict
lu?J n? ¡r. unfoldvbut without their supernatural aid, I
%r?f?„"!Fel(¿0 p,rov/ here',hat in «"«precinct, «here there
%L^,lhret t"ant'red re,Went cUizens>,ne gentleman himseif
who talks so magnanimously about frauds, received 1 roo ma
q°u"sLñ   ° mUCh f°r B^^am." 1 now move me previous
Mr. LEET asked if the motion for the previous miction
would not cut off the amendments, in case itprevailed
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
The question was then taken on seconding the call for ii„ 
previous question, and it was carriedln the afflXfiv".
