no
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Clark James Cooper, Corwin, Cranston, Curtis, Cushmg,
Divee, Edward Davie , Edwards, Ely, Evans, Everett, Fill-
m ire, Fletcher, Gates, Giddings, Good , Granger, Grinned,
11  I,'William i*- Himngs, Henry, Hodman, llunt, James,
CoarVs J^hn'ton, Ketnpshall, Lawrence, Lincoln, Lowell,
Marvin. Mitchell, Morían, Naylor, Ogle, Osborn, Falen, Par-
Dieoter, Peck, Randal!, Randolph, Kariden, Keed, Ridgway,
EJwird Rogers, Kimel1, Saltonstall, Siraontoii, Slade, John
ámuli, Trunmi ámih, Storrs, Tillinghast, Toland, Trumbull,
Underwood, Wagner, Thomas W. Williams, and Joseph L.
William*—68.
Trie House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, January 14,1S40.
The CIlAtR submitted a communication from the Secretary
of W.;r, in  ieply to the resolution inquiring whether Rock
Island was still occupied by the Government as a military post;
whicu was laid on '.he table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a memorial from certain citizens, praying a reduction
in the rates of postage; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Ollice and Post Roads.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the petition of William Tracey,
praying an allowance of bounty lands, now on file, which has
been heretofore committed to the Committee on Petitions, and a
bill repotted for his relief, was again referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of the president and di-
rectorsofthe Portsmouth and ColumbusTurnpike Company,
and citizens of Portsmouth, praying for an appropriation oí
public lands lying ni the counties of Scioto, Pike, and Ross;
which was referred Ut the Committee on Public Lands
Mr. GRUNDY presented the petition of citizens of Milwau-
kie, praying confirmation of title; which was referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. ROANE piesenled a petitwn of citizens of Prineo Wil-
liam county, Va. praying a reduction of the rates of postage;
■which was referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. NORVELL presented additional documents in relation to
the claim of the Michigan militia; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petition of James Williams,
for indemnification lor property destroyed in the Florida war;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Also, the petition of John II. Mackey, which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Oü motion by Mr. WILLIAMS, it wag ordered that the peti-
tion of Jacob Sennet be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
On motion by Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, it was ordered that the
petition of John M. Moore, now on file, be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
Mr. LINN presented a petition from citizens of Oregon Ter-
ritory, praying Congress to take possession of, and extend their
jurisdiction over, that remote quarter of our Republic. Mr.
X. said, as it was the first petition which had been presented
from the distant Oregon Territory, and as it was exceedingly
well written, and presented a lively picture of the commercial
and other ad vantages of the Territory, he would, with the per-
mission of the Senate, reíd a portion of it. After the reading,
it was, on motion of Mr. L. referred to the Select Committee on
the Oregon 1 erritory.
Mr. L. also presented the memorial of fifty-four citizens of
the State of Misseuri, on the same subject as the foregoing;
■which was referred to the same committee.
On motion by Mr. BUCHANAN, it was ordered that the re-
presentatives of John Brooks have leave to withdraw their pe-
tition and papers.
ABOLITION OF IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT.
Mr. NORVELL, in pursuance of notice, asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill supplementary to the act to abolish im-
prisonment for deht in certain cases.
Mr. N. remarked that, at the last session of Con-
gress, a bill had been passed into a law, providing "that no
person shall be imprisoned for deht in any State, on piocess is-
suing out of a court of the United States, where, by the laws of
such State, imprisonment for debt has been abolished." The
object of this act was to make the Federal lawB conform to the
laws of the several States in relation to this important subject.
He had understood that the act had received a construction in
one of the courts of Michigan, by which it was decided 10 be in-
applicable to such of the States as had, after the passage of our
law, abolished imprisonment foi debt. No matter what Slate
might have subsequently abolished it, the Federal law would
not, agreeably to the decision in Michigan, conform to the
changed, law of such State.
He was not disposed to question the correctness of the de-
cision to which he had referred. It was, however, known to
•very Senator here at the time, that the act of Congress was
intended to embrace all the States in which imprisonment for
dibt had, at the time of its passage, ceased to exisi; and also, all
the «ther Slates which mi^ht, after that date, pass laws to abo-
lish it. One State had since done so; and as it was now certain
that a difference of opinion existed as to the proper construc-
tion of our act, it was the purpose of the supplement which lie
had submitted, to provide for tho application of that act to all
the States which have abolished, and which may hereafter
abolish, imprisonment for debt. lie called the special atten-
tion of the Judiciary Committee to the subject, with a hope
that they would bestow a favorable consideration upon it, and
leport the bill at an early day.
The bill was twice reatL'and refeired to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. RUGGLES, on leave, and in pursuance of notice, atked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Charles
M. Keller and Henry Stone; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office. /
Mr. ROANE, in pursuance of notice, asked and obtained
leave to bring in a bill to authorize the payment of equitable
commissions to the agents or attorneys of persons in whose fa-
vor, awardi have been made under three several treaties be-
tween the United States and certain foreign powers, which
awards have been retained in the Treasury inpayment o'f debts
due to the United States; which was read twice and referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the Public Lands
to which had been referred                                                          '
The bill for the benefit of the Galena and Chicago Union
Railroad Company;                                                     ^           "
Jo* bill for tJw relief of Peter Winner; and
The bill foi the relief of Benjamin Parsons;
Reported the same without amendment
Mr. W. also from the same com nittec, to which had been
referred the petition on the subject, reported a bill for the relief
of tlmlcial representatives oi Joseph Barnard; which was read,
anil ordered to a second reading.
Mr. W. also, in pursuance ol notice, asked and obtained leave
to introduce  bill to provide for the appointment of a distr.ct
judge lor the district of the State of Mississippi, and for other
purposes; which was read twice, and refeired to the Committee
on the Judiciary.                                                                   .
Mr. DAVIS, in pursuance of notice, asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill for the relief ot the Piumb Island
Bridge and Turnpike company; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims, to which
was referred the petition of the heirs of John If Piatt, made
an adverse report thereon. Mr. H. said lhat this claim had
been regularly presented in one House or the other for tf.e last
twenty years, though tmlavorable reports on it had been fre-
quently made. He moved that the present report uc punted;
which was agreed to.
Mr. II, from the same committee, to which hail been referred
the petition of E. II. and W. Smith, reiiorted a bill for their
relief; which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr H. also from the same committee, to winch did been
referred the petition of John Converse and Henry Reese, re-
ported a bill for their relief; which was read, and oidered to a
second reading.
Mr. H. said that the Committee on Claims had already re-
ported a general bill for indemnification for property destroyett
in Florida; but in case that b:ll did not pass, on account of its
containing principles which the Senate could not Sanctis i, he
wasdirected to report the following bills, which had been re-
ferred to that committee, without amendment,.viz:
The bill for the relief of the legal representative of John J.
Bulow;
Tne b It fot the relief ofMalachi Hagan; and
The bill for the relief of Philip Weedman.
Ami also, on a petition referred to that committee, a bill for
the relief of Gad Humphreys; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading
Mr. NOKVELL, from the Committee on the Public Lands,
reported, without amendment, the bill making grants of public
lands to certain States for purposes of internal improvement.
[The precise object of this bill, is to grant donations of lands
to the other new Slates, equal in quantity to those which have
heretofore been granted to the Slate of Ohio, for purposes of
internal improvement within their respective limits.]
Mr. FULTON, from.the Committee on the Public Lands, ti
which was referred
The bill to authoriie the Legislature of the State of Arkansas
to sell the lands heretofore appropriated tor the use of schools
in that State; and
A bill to i rovide for the defence of the western borders of
Louisiana, Missouri, and Arkansas; reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. KNIGHT, from the Committee on tho Post Office and
Post Roads, to which had been referred the petition of Ira Day,
reponed a hill for his relief; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr.ROBINSON. from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, to which was referred the bill for the relief of I he legal
representatives of Colonel Francis Vigo, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. R also, from the Committee on the Judiciary, to which
had been referred the bill for the relief of Pierre Menard,
Antoine Peltier, and Joseph Placy, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Claims, to which
had been referred the petition of William Cox, made an ad-
verse report theieon; which was oidered to be printed.
Mr. PRENTISS, in piirsuanceof notice, asked and obtained
leave to introduce a bill for the relief of Joseph Edson; which
w is read twice, and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. P. also, from the Committee on the Public, Lands, to
which was referred the memorial of the Legislature of Missouri j
on the subject, reported a lull granting to each of the United ■
States a township of land for the education and instruction of !
deaf and dumb persons; which was read, and ordered to a se- I
cond reading.                                                                                 |
Mr. KING said he would call the attention of the Senate to '
the fact, that in consequence of the resignation of the Sena'or !
from Tennessee,   [Mr. White,] there was a vacancy in the  ¡
Committee on Indian Affairs.   Thatgentkman was its chair-   I
man.   The usual course of die Senate in such circumstances
was to appoint the next named in order as chairman.   He
therefore moved that Mr. Sevier be appointed chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and lhat the Cbaib appoint a
member to fill the vacancy on that committee; which   was
agreed to
Mr. FULTON submitted the following motion for considera
tion :
Unsolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instructed
to communicate to the Ser.ate what ste<ie, if any, have been
taken in regard to the selection of a site and the establishment
of a marine hospial at the mouth of the Arkansas river
Mr FULTON submitted the following motion, which was
considered and agreed fo:
Resulted, That the Commiftee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a marine hospital
at Little Rock.                                                                     '
Mr. WHITE, of Indiana, submitted the following motion for
consideration ■                                                         °
_ Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to commu-
nicate to the Senate copies of the reports of Capt. T. G. Cram
of the Board of Topographical Engineers, upon the internal
improvements in Wisconsin, including the construction of
roads and the surveys of harbors and rivers, together with a
map of Wisconsin, with the routes and rivers to be improved
delineated thereon.                                                            H
Mr. YOUNG submitted the following motions, which hv
unanimous consent, wre considered, and agreed to*           '
Resolved, That the Committee on the Po?t Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ofchamnnc
th ■ tri-weekly mail stage route which is established from Jack-
sonville, by way of Naplesand Griggsville, to Clayton n Ad
ame county, so that said route may pass from Jacksonville, bv
Lynnville, Clear Lake, PmrfWd, Worcester and Payson, to
Quincy, in Adam* county,                                       /TOD' t0
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to ii quire into the expediency of reporting a biM granting an
exten-ienofcredittotli-iSiatenflllinoisondmy bonds already
giver, or hereafter to be executed, on the importation ol rail-
road iron into that Stare.                                                  „nnK
Tne resolutions snlim :ted yesterday, by Messrs. CALHOUN,
NORVELL, PRESTON, and SMITH, oí ludían*, were seve-
rally considered, and agreed to.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
The hill to provide lor the collection, safe-keeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public money was laken up, when
Mr CLAY.of Kentucky, moved its postponement until Mon-
day, the 27th instant.                                       ...   „,   «,, 
Up>n this motion a debate ensued, in which Mr. tLAi,
!  Mr. WRIGHT, and  Mr. WALKER participated; and which
!   will be aiven in to-morriw's paper.
; The qliestion was ihen taken on postponing the runner con.
' siderationof the bill until Monday, the 27h inst. and was de-
l   cute I in the negative—yeas 16, nays 27, as lollows:              .
YE\S—Messrs Betts. Clav, of Kentucky, Clayton,  Critten-
;   den, D.ivis.Dixon, Hinder-nil, Men'ok, Phelps, Prentiss, Prcs-
!   ton, Robinson, Ruggle?,  Smith,  of Indiana, Southard,  and
White.                                                                ,           _ ,.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Buchanan. Calhoun,
■   Clay, of  Alabama,   Fulton,  Grundy,  Hubbard, King, Linn,
Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell. Pierce, Roane, Sevier,
Smith, ol Connecticut, Strange, Tappan, Walker, Wall, Wil-
liam , Wright, andYoiina.
The bill was then taken up, and after hem? read through,
Mr. WRIGHT made pome remarks in explanation of the va
riati >ns between this and the bill of the last Congress.
Mr. BENTON then moved an amendment to the 25th sec-
tion, which provided i salary to the receiver at New York of
«3,000, and to the other re eivers of SV>00.     He moved to
I   a nendit. by makmr the salary of the receiver at New York
$4 000. and those.at the other ports $3,000.
Mr.TAPPAN a-kedfor ad vision othe motion' which be-
ing ordered, the question was taken on increasing the salary of
the receiver at New York, a fin- some remarks from Mr.
WRIGHT, in favor, and Mr. DAVIS against it, and decidedin
the iiffirn,ative-aye«23, noes 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alie ., Benton. Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay, of A'abama, Fn'tnn, Ginndy, Hubbard. Kiog. Linn, Mou-
ton. Nicholas, Norvell, Prosto.i. Roane, Sevier, Smith of Con-
Berlin , Strange. T,ip,ttn, WaH r, Wail, and Wright—23.
NAYS—Messrs Betii-, Hay, of Kentucky, Clayton, Critten-
den, Davis, Dixon, Ilfnderson, Lii'iipki". Merrick, Plielps,
Pierce. Pren'iss Robb.nson, Rugóles, Smith, of Indiana, South-
ard, White, Williams and Young—19.
The qu 'stion was the i taken on inrr-asing the salaries of the
receiversat the other ports, from $2 500 to $3,00:1, and decided
in the negative—aye; 2). ooes27, as follows:
YfiAS-'-Me.-cus. Benton, Ui"wn, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay,
ot AUtuma, JruiP'n, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Ltnn, Mouton,
Nicholas, Noiveil, PiCitoii, Rjjiij, Sevier, Strange, Walker,
Wall and WriihL-2U.
NAYS—Mevsrd   Alien, Betes, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crutiiid.-n,   Divip, Dixon,  Hendsrson,  Lumpkin.   Meirick,
r"hel,is, Puree, Premiss, Robinson, Rug les, Smith of Con-
iicctt.u', 8nun of Indiana, aouthard, Tappan, White, VVii-
atn.>, and Vouog—'¿±.
M.. BUCHANAN then moved lhat the salaries of the Trea-
tuici ot tne Mint in Philadelphia, and the Treasurer of the
Branch Mint at New Orleans, who, by the provisions of this
bill, were made receivers, in addition to their former duties,
should be made equal in amount with the other receivers,
$2,500 per annum.
Upon this motion a debate en<med, in which Messrs. BUCHA-
NAN,   MOUTON,   NORVELL,   SEVIER, and CALHOUN
supported it, and Messrs. TAPPAN, HENDERSON, SMITH
of Connecticut, and SMITH of Indiana opposed it; when, with-
out taking the question.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN,
The Senate went into Executive feseion,
And afterwards adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE*
Tuesday, Jahuaby 14,1640.
Mr. BAKER, oi Massachusetts, appeared, was qualified, and
took his seat.
Mr. LINCOLN moved to correct the journal of yesterday's
proceedings, so that it might appear on t that when he pre-
sented the abolition petition on which Mr. Dromgoolb raised
the «piestion of reception, and on which the Chair decided that
the fact of presentation was in effect a motion for reception, he
expressly disci limed having made any motion to receive the
petition, and distinctly stated that he would not make such
motion.
At the request of the Chair Mr. L. reduced his mothn to
writing, as follows, and moved that it be inserted in the journal;
'•Thereupon Mr. Lincoln expressly disclaimed any intention
to move the reception ol the petition, declaring that he neither
had or would make such motion."
Mr. PETRIKIN objected to a>iy entry on the journal of re-
marks make by gentlemen of what they would or would not
do. The journal, he said, should contain nothing but the pro-
ceedings of the Hous-, and not the desultory conversations of
gentlemen with regard to motions that were not made. If this
correction wis permitted, the next thing would he. that < en-
ilemen would ask to have their speeches spread upon°the
journal.
Mr. LINCOLN said he made no motion to receive the peti-
tion, and distinctly stated to the House, that he had not, and
would not make any such motion, because he believed ihe
Hou«e was bound to receive the petition, whether a motion to
receive it was made or not. He stated this immediately on tho
question's being raised by the gentleman from Virginia [Mr
Dromgoole ]                                                                              '
Mr. COOPER, of Georgia, said that, as a matter of fact he
believed what was stated by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts was true; and he woult here advert to the imparlance of
taking cognizance of matters of fact as they arose. lie honed
he, should be indulaed in making an apology u> the House for
what might have appear-d as a tpwlency u> disorder on his
part, when he rose yesterday antl asked information of the
Chair while ihe vote on this subject was being taken His
sole object then was. not to make a speech, but to obtain infor-
mation on which to base his vote, and which, if he had obtain-
ed, wou dhave induced him to give a different vete from the
one he did.   It seemed now that the gentleman- from Virginia.
