126
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. PARMENTER said that, in the State of Massachusetts,
it was essential to the quality of an Abolitionist that he should
wish Congress immediately to adopt measures to abolish
slavery in ihe District of Columbia and the Territories, without
any regard to the consequences.- It was true that he, in com-
mon with a very large portion of the people of Massachusetts,
believed slavery to be a very great evil; and would be glad il
it could be abolished without disturbing the peace and harmony
of the Union, or violating the rights af others. Mr. P. added
that the letter read by the gentleman from North Carolina, was
not considered to be in accordance with the views of the Abo-
litionists, and accordingly they all voted in a body against him.
Mr STANLY went" on with his remarks, and spoke of a
number of distinguished members of the Oemocratic party
whom he stigmatized as Abolitionists. Mr. S. read some ex-
tracts from an address of Mr. Morton, whose recent election as
Guvornor of Massachusetts, the Democratic party hailed as a
triumph, to show that he a'so was an Abolitionist.
Mr. PARMENTER wished to make one remark in relation to
Mr. Morton, the Governor elect of Massachusetts. The gentle-
man had read some extracts where Gov. Morton spoke his sen-
timents very strongly against slavery. But the genileman
did not draw the distinction between anti-slavery and
Abolitionism. Tne one was a mere matter of belief, while the
other was an intention to carry its objects into effect without any
regard to the consequences. He would make another remark.
The Abolition paper printed at Boston opposed the election of
Governor Morton, and recommend ! it to the Abolitionists to
support another candidate. Mr. P. wished the gentleman would
define his ideas of Abolition more distinctly.
Mr. STANLY said he wished the gentleman would define his.
Mr. PARMENTER said he would define what he considered
to be the views of an Abolitionist. It was a desire that Congress
should abolish slavery in this District, and in the Territories,
without regard to the rights of others, the peace and tranquillity
of a large portion of the ceuntry, and the .safety of the Union.
After some further remarks from Mr. STANLY, in which he
was two or three times corrected by Mr. WELLER,
Mr. BOTTS obtained the floor, and explained his vote a few
days ago on questions connected with this subject. Hewasun-
derstood to be opposed to the course the House had heretofore
pursued on this subject, and the plan proposed to be pursued by
the gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Thompson] He
thought the petitions ought to be treated with some respect—
that they ought to be received. He believed that the excitement
on this question had been kept alive for political purposes;
and that the course oi gentlemen on that floor had connected
the subject of Abolition with the right of petition; and thereby
advanced the prospects of the Abolitionists. It was a subject
upon which, as a southern man, he did not intend to beeome
excited. He would look upon it with composure, until his con-
stitutional rights of propel ly should be attempted to be violated,
and then he would defend it to the utmost of his abilities. At
the present aspect of the question,he thoughtSouthern gentlemen
should pursue a more liberal course than formerly ;and he should
not feel at liberty to break or! from them if they wished to pur-
sue such a course, lie thought it only wanted a proper vote
of that House to crush Abolitionism forever. As much as had
lieen said by gentlemen of the infection of that body with its
principles, he did not believe that there were twenty in both
parties, but thought there were as many on one side as the
other. If there were more,-he desired to know it, both for him-
self and his constituents; and it was for that reason he wanted
such a vote by the House as would indicate it.
At the susgestion of Mr. HOFFMAN, previously made,
Mr. BGTTS moved that the rules, as amended, be adopted
for one week from that day; which motion was agreed to; when
On motion of Mr. COLSt'IlT,
The House then adjourned.
Ill SENATE,
Friday, January 17, 1840.
Mr. CUTHBERT appeared in his seat to-day.
Mr. WRIGHT presented three petitions, signed by a num-
ber of citizens of the State of New York, severally praying the
establishment of a port of entry and collection district at Cold-
spring, on Long Island, in said Slate; which were refened to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PIERCE presented the petition of Luke Woodbury and
others, praying the establishment of a mail route; which was
referred to t'.-.e Committee on the Post O.Tice and Post Roads.
Cn motion by Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, ordered, that the
Committee on the Public Lands be discharged from the further
consideration of the resolution passed by the Legislative As-
sembly of the Territory of Iowa, in favor of the survey of the
1 inCs in that Territory, to which the Indian title has been ex-
tinguished, and thatthey be referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. KING submitted additional documents in relation to the
petition of Jubal B. Hancock; which were referred to the Corn-
rentes on Indian Affairs.
Mr. SC VIEK gave notice that to-morrow he would ask leave
to introduce a bill for the protection of emigrant and other In-
dians west of Arkansas
Mr. STRANGE, from ihe Committee on Patents, to which
had been referred the petitions and memorials of Stephen
UcCormic, F. A. Chevalier De Geerston, and Chauncey Hall,
«evorally asked to be discharged from the further consideration
thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. S. also, from tie saine committee, to which had been
referred,
A bill for the relief of Charles M. Keller and Henry Stone,
and
A bill for the relief of Hazard Knowles; reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims, to which
had been referred the petition of James Williams, reported a
bill for his relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, to which the sub/oct was referred, reported a bill to au-
thorize registers end receivers to administer oaths required to
be taken by purchasers of public land; which was read, and
ore'ered to a eeco.-d reading.
Mr. C. also, in pursuance of notice, asked and obtained leave
to introduce the following bills:
A bill for the relief of certain settlerson the public lands, who
were deprived of the benefits of the pre-emption act of 19th
June, 1834; and
A bill for the relie/ of Sutton Stephens;
Resolution, of
tiested to com-
pmpatible with
vhat measures
Which were several y read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
THE MAINE BOUNDARY.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, in accordance with hie
promise on yesterday, the Senate took up the resolu-
tions ottered by Mr. Williams, calling on the President of the
United States for the correspondence, not airead* communi-
cated, with the British Government, on the subject #f the Maine
Boundary, and with the British Minister and the Governor of
Maine relative to the invasion of the State of Mfine, and the
exercise ofjurisdiction in the disputed territr
The question being on the following additii
fered by Mr. Rooglbs:                   .
Resolved further, That the President be |e<
municate to the Senate, so far as may not be *ii
the public interest, whether any, and, if any,
have been taken, under the act of Congress of March, 1839, or
otherwise, to cause the removal or expulsion of tfie British troops
which have taken possession of a portion .of the territory of
Maine claimed by Great Briain; and especigjy whether, since
the last session of Congress, any military posfs have been esta-
blished in Maine, or any other military measures adopted, pre-
paratory to a just vindication of the honor and rights ot ihe na-
tion and of Maine, as connected with the persevering claim
made by Great Britain to a portion of the territory of that State.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he scarcely knew what to say on the
subject of this resolution.   It would seem to contain an implied
censure upon the President, which, in his humble opinion, was
wholly unfounded.    In regard to the course pursued by that
distinguished officer in this very important and delicate matter,
there was but one sentiment in   his country, and all  political
parties had evinced their approbation of it.   But the resolution
of the Senator [Mr. Rugóles] called uponhim to communicate
to the Senate whether any and what measures have been taken
under the act of March, 1839, or otherwise, lo expel the British
troops from the disputed territory; and whether, since the last
session, any military posts have been established in Maine pre-
paratory to ajust vindication of the naiion's honor.   Now, (said
Mr. B.) every Senator knows perfectly well the only answer
which the President can give to these interrogatories.    Indeed,
this answer has been substantially given in advance.     In his
annual message, datedon the second December last, he has in-
formed us that he had not touched a dollar of the «10,000,000
confided to him by the act of March, 1839; and he then surren-
dered up the trust which had been confHed to him by Con-
gress.    And  why  did  he pursue this course?   Simply be-
cause the contingency had not happened upon which he
could have applied this money.     There  had heen no inva-
sion of our territory, or any  imminent  danger of such an
invasion.    There  had been  no attempt on  the   part   of
Great Britain to enforce by arms her claim to exclusive j uris-
diction over the disputed territory.    So far from it, that a so-
lemn agreement had been entered into with the British authori-
ties for the express purpose of preventing any such attempt
from being made by either nation.   It was not until about the
first of January that the President could possibly have heard
that two companies of British troops had been st 'tior.ed at the
Temiscouata lake, because the letter of Governor Fairfield, com-
municating this information, was not dated until thc23U of De-
cember.   And yet the Senate are gravely called upon to adopt
a resolution, asking the President whether he has taken any
measures, under the act of March, 1839, to expel these troops—
in the very face of his message of the 2d December last, declar-
ing that he had not found it necessary to use any of the powers
conferred upon hjm by this act.   Nay, more.   If the Presid nt
had established military posts in the disputed territory, his con-
duct would have been justly censurable, and would have afford-
ed to the British Government the same cause of offence as they
have afforded to us, unless it should be sati-factorily explained,
in recently stationing troops at the Temiscouata lake. The Pre-
sident's answer to these inquiries, we all know, must be in the
negative; and it would, therefore, seem that the object was to
cast an implied though a very unj ust censure upon him fcr hay-
ing done nothing.
Mr. B. said he did not know what course the Presiden; had
pursued since the receipt of Governor Fairfield's letter. He
presumed, however, that, asa matter of course, he had pro-
tested against this military occupation of the disputed territory
by the British authorities as a violation ofthe subsisting agree-
ment end of the rights ofMaine, and had asked an explanation
from the British Minister. Before he attempted to expel these
troops by force, he must call upon Congress to furnish him the
means. Indeed, we as yet know nothing of the particular cir-
cumstances attending this military occupation, except what is
contained in the letter of Governor Fairfield; he should, there
fore, be glad if the Senator from Maine would withdraw his re-
solution; but, if he did not, Mr. B. would not object to its pas.
sage. All the information which it was in the President's
power to communicate would be elicited, if it could at this
time be properly communicated by the two resolutions of the
Senator's colleague, [Mr. Williams ]
Mr. B. said that, on the question of the Northeastern bounda-
ry, the conduct of the President had hitherto been so fortunate
as to satisfy even his political opponents. It had combined pru-
dence with firmness, and had received the approbation of al-
most every reflecting man in the country. The negotiation on
this important question was, if he might be permitted to use
(he expression, now at its very crisis; and the President had
deemed it inexpedient lo communicate to Congress any of the
correspondence which had (aken place between the two Go-
vernments since the close of the last session, doubtless" because
he deemed that it might have an injurious effect upon the ne-
gotiation. Judging by the past, (said Mr. B.) surely we ought
to have sufficient confidence in the President to wait for a sh rt
period, and not be calling upon him for communications which
may be injurious to the public interest, and which, if so, ought
to be withheld. The final result of the negotiation will proba-
bly soon be known; and w II then, as a matter of couise, be
submitted to Congress, with all the correspondence.
Allow me, said Mr. B. to make one general remark before I
take mv seat, I am very apprehensive that we may have seri-
ous difficulties with the British authorities before the close of
this controversy. My earnest desire is,therefore, thatourpro-
ceedlngs may be marked with such justice, moderation, and
fcrmnessas to justify us in the eyes of" all mankind. A cor.tsst
must be avoided, if this be possible consistently wiih national
ho«or: and'hen, if it should be forced upon us, we shall be a
unitr£px.p!e.
He made these remarks without any knowledge upon the
subject other than that in the possession of every Senator.
Mr. KIJGGLES said he concurred fully in the resolutions of
his rnlleaeue asking for copies of correspondence. But Mr. R's
Í™S? wSf7ráer,wd-J«i information as to what had
been done-not merely what had been said, but what had been
dune by the President; and Mr. R would be glad to kn.vv what
had been done under ihe act of 1839, or by any other authority
lie had not been aware that his amendment could be construed
iiuo a, y disrespect or censure ofthe President: certainly it was
rot intended It was a simple inquiry; and if the President had
To done what he ought, MÍ R. would leave that matter to be
decided by the State which he represented. Mr. R. also be-
lieved that the President might have done something since the
second of D«ember, undei some authority, which he bad not
yet made known, and which it was wor-h while to know He
at least might nave taken some precautionary measures such,
at least, as making surveys, for it was to be presumed that the
President had his eye on what was known to the public, espe-
cially as he could not but have apprehended the risk of diffi-
culty as well as the Senator from Pennsylvania and Mr. R.
They'had ¡earned from the President himself, that commis-
sioners had been appointed to make a survey of the country,
and report, not to this, but to the British Government, And
what had that commission done? They had gone up the St.
John's river, crossing the line on their way to the west, to
the head waters of the St, John's, which were contiguous to
those of the Aroostook; and they had then gone down the
Aroostook, and had entirely avoided that section of country
which was designated by the treaty of 1783, and where the
highlands were to be found as pointed out by the treaty. And
now Mr. R. would ask the Senator from Pennsylvania if he
believed for a mgment that all this was for the purpose of as-
certaining the facts in regard to the treaty 1 It had, on the con-
trary, been apprehended that thus, under cover of the treaty,
it was for the purpose of seeking out military posts, and
not of findine those marks and monuments which the treaty
designated. "This suspicion might be unfounded; but the
apprehension itself whieh the Senator from Pennsylvania
had expressed, seemed to warrant this inference of the people
of Maine in reference to this survey. They had surveyed
the rivers, and not the highlands; and this went to warrant the
inference that the object of the survey was to get information
for the Government of Britain that might be useful to them in
case of the event which the Senator apprehended. And if such
was their object, was it not proper to ask the President whether
he had taken any precautionary measur. s, at least so far as to
make a similar examination, especially as there was not a
question in Congress or the country as to the right of Maine to
the territory in dispute.
Mr. R. siid further, that there had been a palpable and ad-
mitted violation of the arrangement entered into by the media-
tion of General Scott, of which the President could not but
have been aware; ana, in respect to caution, theie had been
abundance of that. The British Government had been cau-
tious enough never to have a minister here with power to ad-
just the controversy; here, aud here only, where the adjustment
ought to have been made. They had now been cautious
enough to send on this singularly conducted commission one of
the ablest engineers of England, as i f for the very purpose of a
military survey. Mr. R. hoped, therefore, the amendment
would be adopted.
Mr. ALLEN admitted the delicacy of this matter; but, delicate
as it was, Congress, the Executive, and the whole American peo-
ple were united as one man on the merits of this great question,
and in according the right over the disputed territory to the
State of Maine. Mr. A. ardently desired that this unanimity
might be disturbed by nothing even doubtful or ambiguous;
and if this resolution were doubtful in its character, he thought
it ought to be so modified as to remove all ambiguity.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he would cautiously avoid, on this oc-
casion, any debate on the general subject. His opinions were suffi-
ciently well known to render this unnecessary. There were three
resol utions before the Senate for consideration; two of them,
which he thought entirely proper, called on the President for all
the correspondence between the British Minister and the Go-
vernor of Maine, the British Government and our own Govern-
ment, on the subject ofthe Northeastern boundary, which have
not heretofore been communicated, provided its publication
may not be deemed incompatible with the public interest. We
have just heard, almost this instant, that British troops have
occupied a portion of the disputed territory. The Senator
from Maine, [Mr. Williams, J ever true to his trust, offers a re-
solution, calling upon the President for all the information in
his possession, the publication of which he might not deem im-
proper. All this was very proper; but what did the resolution
of the other Senator [Mr. Rugglbs] propose! Why, that
[reads the resolution.]
Now, sir, what is the character of this resolution ? And,
mark me, sir, I do not oppose its passage, but I will make a
single remark. Suppose the President had established military
posts in the disputed territory, as this resolution intimates he
ought to have done, would it. not have been a direct violation
of the agreement concluded between General Scott and Sir John
Harvey ? Had the President acted in this manner, he would
have violated the spirit, as the British, if our late information
should prove to be correct, had done both the letter and spirit of
this agreement. The agreement had procured us peace on the
border, and, in my opinion, should not have been lightly dis-
turbed. The President is asked what he hasdone under the act
of March, 1839, when the President has expressly informed us
that he has done nothing, because the contingency contemplat-
ed in that act had not occurred at the date of his message. The
negotiation was then proceeding amicably, as the President had
informed us, and he hoped it might progress in the same spirit
until it reached a peaceful termination.
Mr. CLAY, of Kentucky, said it always gave him great plea-
sure to concur, when he could, in the views of the chairman
ofthe Committee on Foreign Relations. But he must now differ
from him so far as to think that there was not the slightest im-
putation on the President m this resolution; and (he Senator
himself seemed to admit as much when he said he should make
no objection to its adoption. And further, the mover of the
reso.ution had himself declared that he had no purpose what-
ever ol censure. That Senator was deeply interested in this
matter, and was even laudably desirous to know all that could
be known about it consistent with the public interest. And to
what had we come, if the President was tobe asked no ques-
tion in regaid to his official duties? And was there nothing to
be allowed to a btate whose rights had been so long withheld?
Sir, (said Mr. C.) while we guard the President, let us not be
insensible to the feelings and just rights of a member of this
MJMederacy.   On this subject he taw no occasion to censure
