CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
127
the Pr*«d>nt, but ti.-d knows he is sufficiently amenable to een-
tiat without going nut of the way to rind it Sir, T think there
m no 'n;>u *tioj, m .Ue reso'utkm, and I hepe H will be allowed
<•> he pj«*d
Mr HI CH WAN mid that he felt so much confidence in the
9wia r !>'>i',mn onstrue the iiumiuo* ol language correctly,
a ! tusumach p'rssed with the a prolviiion he had ev preset J
i>' 'he Prosiilem's i.Wtl't ni renard to the Value boundary
ewilr«rer*i, that he w is wiling 'o torero his own o|> non ol
th* character ol thu re*>luion" li was true that this approba.
Moo hid been acron ,\..m-' by a piototation that tlie Piesident
wuss rh.-imtly e*i>« at al'eon other questions. As in ihe Sena-
Will, 1 knows' Ac when fee bring  forward his lull of par-
ticulars, Mr I  tro. "d ih.s*. ihelrtcmfs ol ihe Pie-ident would
be abla to de/im! ' itu trmniph.mil . At present Mr R was
Cooteut wnh ihead-oissioii in lavor of the President sconduct
reapeumx. r<e Man - controversy, and lie would now rote with
IU'VT eh#en i ne*s i r ihe resolu ion
Mi DAVIS sad , hrd !' >c>*d yesterday and to day to the
Ktoithi! th^rwi-'j - ti i up1 licensure on the President; but it
had "<if*r ei>'rre>l ' n nnnd at al'; and as to adopting the leso-
laiiop or an equna'-nt, tb.ere cou'd be no doubt. Thesenti-
men; hroughout l gres  and ihe < ountry was unanimous in
(avi>r n the nsh' o> Mime, am! wh.it th- President in his late
■aeaugt bid said was, we a'l felt deeply to be true, that the
eomrnrersy .a I co ¡ ,aueJ too lung. It «as lull time for it to
be brought to a cIom.. And who knew what might be the pre
seat scats ol 'acts* At the last session, such Was the excitement
m the pub'ic mind, that when the British were about to take
p98*e<««ioa of this territory, there was great indignation roam
faced her  and generally " Maine thought it her duty to repU
that invasion. And how was the difficulty adjusted' By the
mediation ot Gener;' Scot!, settl by this Government, between
Maine an I New Bn nswick. There was now intelligence; very
near'v oficial, thi; t!ie territory was in the occupation of
Bri*e"i troo|<s, to r- "nam theie through the winter; and there
was eren an adrnt- ion by tne Governor of New Brunswick
that the agreement then entered into had been violated. And
what was the eiplai anon 01 the Governor? That it had been
done, not by his aa'i.<ruy, b'lt by one still higher, via. that of
the GovrnHH- G'r.trtl ol Cana'a Mr D thought there was
every rea-on to be n he alert on this sublet, aid though ha
wou'd violate no dt'icacv. he would no!, on 'he other hand, lor-
biar.t '1 ¡«bearant might well amljustly be construed into tame
•J'Nn saon Very t ear, if not quite, to this point we had ai-
re  dy goce,  nd he nought there was danger that ihe British Go-
vernment might so ion-mite 11, and act accordinsly. Mr. D.
theteiore insisted that this resolution, or something like it,
ought *o pass.
Mr WILLIAMS «aid when he offered his resolution, he sup-
prwe-l it woul I bri -g ill the correspondence, which the amend-
ment proposed cal í ¡or, am! lie saw no obection to the resolu-
iion, and hoped it w   tild be adopted.
Mr Aid.EN said e was entirely satisfied with the disclaim-
er  ol 'he iiiov er, ar.' other gentlemen of the Opposition, or any
urended censure With these disclaimers, he had no objection
10 the passage of th-  resoluti >n.
The resolutions were then adopted.
ARMED OCCUPATION OF FLORIDA.
Mr BENTON, f no the Committee on Military Affars, to
whKh had been referred the bi I for ihe armed occupauon and
settlement o' that part of Florida overrun and in'ested bymaraud-
l «g bands ol hostile 1'wli.ws, reponed the same with an amend-
met ', ihe purport ol which was to render the settlers under the
provisions of the hi , amenable to the laws of the Tern'ory
The amendment wa< agreed to, and the bill was ordered to be
eosroued lor a third reading
On motion by Mr MERRICK, the memorial anil papers of
John Kuru. owner ol the ship Allegany, were referred u> a
•elect committee.
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL
Wv then taken tip ami after being discussed by Messrs.
HENDERSON, WRIGHT, Da VIS, BUCHANAN.WALKER,
and \ Ol'NG, and the adoption of some unimportant amend-
ments, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading by the
following vote:
YE%S—Messrs. A'len, Benlon, Brawn. Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, Kmg,
Linn. Lumpkin, Montón, Norvell, Pierce. Roane, Sevier, Smith
oT Connecticut, Strange, Tappan, Wa'ker, Williams, and
Wright—24
NAYS—Means. Betle, Clay of Kentucky, Crittenden, Davis,
Dixon, Henderson, Knight, Merrick. Nicholas, Phelps, Pren-
ti«, Prest/m, Robin -an, Ruggto, Smith of Indiana, White, and
Ynnne—!a-
TheSenate then adjourned until Monday next.
nOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Fbidav, January 17, 1*10.
Mr. MITCHELL asked the permission of the House to lay
before n the letter to General Green, which bad been referred
w on yesterday He had, «fee his remarks at that time, re-
ceived a copy, which he read to the House, as follows :
Washington, December 18, 1839.
Dus. Getoml. A  we shall, in a few days, elm a Printer to
the House for the Twenty-sixth Congress, it has occurred to
me and other of my political friends, that such an arrangement
cou'd be made with you a  would justify the entire Whig party
in supporting ytn Mr that office. We neither expect or ask
you to «enrice a «ingle principle which you profess, nor to do
any act not justifiable to ymirconsri no: and to the world.
f am satisfied that Gales and Beaton cannot be eleced; and
thai,i! the contest has to come to a «tnle between them and
Blair, the latter, in my opinion, will succeed
Now, what had passed thiough my mind, was simply this:
that yn should, in the event of your election, oner Gales and
Feilon to share equally with tliern, respectively, the profits of
thioffice, after allowing them a fair compensation out, for thtir
personal service , th< y to do all the work at ihcir office, and
yo'J to be elected lo the r i !'<n
The profits cwt be less for the who'e Congress than
 3O,10>, this would give you tinnr ), you hiving no
trouble or responsible y whaii vr-r i\ >* I puggf at ilns on my
own responsibly, |,.it i eve, he less, I hazunl nothing in the
conjecture, dial if jou me here and put in, ihe thing can be
manared adronly enouuh to ensure «ticce s I have a strong
desire to defeat Ulair, ai.d would U glad to do so in a way to
oblige you personally.   Write mc by the rcttipt of this, and jf
you can, be in tins city at ihe earliest possible moment.   I di-
rect this to Baltimore, and also, in duplicate, to Cumberland.
Tiulv, in haste,
\ our obedient servant and fi len ,
CIIVS. F. MITCHELL.
Gen. Gresx, Baltimore.
Now, Mr Speaker, the House can judgo whother there is
any thing in ihi  letter to justify the ebarge of an ni'empt et
bribery by inn. It is simply a proposi'ion lor Gen. Green to
become a candidate for public pimiei, an I he lo ruinea pro
portion of ihe piolita arising ther>-lrt'iu He made no proposi-
tion to any pauy- to Gi ecu's poison il fr end , oi to , nv one
else. Tlit suggestions «ere made by me u.eroly as an induce-
ment for him to become a tamliJate
Tlie gentleman from North Cniolma [Mr. Fisher, 1 in stating
ihe contents ol the letter, to the he*i ot his recollecuon, com
niepce ! by saying "that il is prettv well ascertained that Gales
ami Ssaton could not uc elected, andtliat the wnli i s aversion
to Blair was so great, that he wished General Green to come on
and be a candidate, bilievmg lint if he could «et a lew ol Ins
friends to vo e lor him, he could be elected, that tie pr,tiling
woul 1 lie worth about t.XVtW,'t 1'a8 General «¡n on probably
had not the means ol etemting it, he could make an arrange-
ment wi h Giles and S<atontodo it for him -he retaining
 IO,000, without any risk ot responsibility whau ver, and Gales
andScaton receiving the remaining S-iUIMlfor doing the wotk
and liicuinng the trouble and rcsp >n«ibi!itv " Non, it was
rather remarkable that ihit gentleman fhiuKI remember what
the letter did not con'ain, when he was staling that which it
did contain. He did not state that I "did not wish General
Green todo any thin? not jtnlifiab'e lo his conscience and to the
werld " He thought the gentleman hadja very peculiar memoiy,
but he would, however, leavethat tobé settled by his own con-
science.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] shrunk
from it, and was so astounded, that he could not sufficiently
express Ins holy horroi of the letter. That gentleman spoke of
the propositions made to him He had made no proposition to
him. He bad hut written the single letter to General Gieen and
none oilier* If there were other letters lie thought they should
be pr.xluced.
Mr. M. heie made some remark* in defence of General Green,
who, he said, had not acted in any way disjionorable in ihe
transaction, and then read the following leiter from that gen-
tleman:
,.D ear em I hand you a copy of your letter t cannot with-
hold niv surprise at the use that was made of it, but I cannot
believe that Mr Fisher or Mr Hi.nter lnveaudionzed the
language in the Globe I tvi'l givethatattention to this matter
which it require-, at my ha. Js.    Your fiiend,
DUFF GREEN."
The SpgAJCKR,he*aid, had already disclaimed having audio-
riztd the lans'iage which characterized ilns letter as a case of
bribery, in tlie stalement published in the Globe Tne gentle-
man from North Carolina also, in acknowledging that he gave
permiss.on to the editor of t'e Globe lo publish the statement,
disclaimed having s'ated lo that editor, that either he or the
SpEAKEthad so chaiactenzed it as a case of "bribery," hutthat
it was a third persjo, a gentleman not of this House. He cared
not from what quarter that charge tame, he pronounced it a
falsehood, and lie demanded that the author should be pro-
duced.
Mr. FISHER, who was absent at the time Mr. Mitchbl l
made his expl. nation, came in at a subsequent part of ihe pro-
ceedinis, an I, by permission, made the following remarks:
Mr. F observed that since reaching his seat this morning,
he had been informed that Ihe g. ntieman from New York [Mr.
Mitcbeljl] had, in his absence, mads some aililittonal remarks
on the subject of his leiter to General Green, and had intro-
duced a copy of that letter. He had only to remark, that thij
was ail proper enoush, though it would have been as well
if the original itse'f had b'en introduced. In the course of
the gentleman's remarks, he understood llutt lie liad in-
dulged himself in some reflections on Ins (Air. F's) course,
which he could not, at this lime, take any notice of, for
the reason that he had not heard them. lie was absent
in discharging iho dunes of the committee lo whuh he be-
longed—the Committee of Llecnonf. His object, Mr F. said,
in now asking the attention of the House, was, that the fact of
h's absence might be known, and go forth with the remarks
of the gentleman; and to say that tomo row, when the gentle-
man's remarks would be published, he would then be able to
judge whether they were of a character to require his notice.
If they should prove to be such, he would nonce them, but if
not, he would let them pass for what they might be worthy
While up he would make another remai k. The gentle ~in haj
alluded to the remarks of his friend from South Carolina, [Mr.
Holjies,1 and he would therefore take the occasion to say that
tliat gentleman was also absent.
Mr. J. W. JONES, chairman of the Committee cf Ways and
Means, by general consent, reported from that committee the
following bills-
A bill making approprhtions for the support of Revolution-
ary and other pensioners for the year 1810,
Also, a bill making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian Department, and for the fulfil-
ment of the various treaty stipulations with the Indian trinos
for the year 1840;
Which bills were twice read, and, on the motion of Mr.
JONES, referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the I'nion.
Mr JONES also laid before Ihe House a document from the
Indian Department, giving adetailed statement of the est mates
made by the Indian Depaitment, to Accompany iho bill a'-?vc
reported; winch was ordered to he printed
The8PE\KER then inijounced the order of the day tobs
on the motion lo reconsider the vote laying on the table ihs
following resolution ol Mr. Ccle3 a-  an amendment to the
rules.                                           ,                                       ,   ,. .
'•All petitions, memorials, and papers touching thr aaohson
of slavery, or the buying, selling, or transfcirng of slaves in
any State, District, or Te.-nloryof the United States, shall, up-
on their presentation, be laid on the icble, wltho.it oeir? de-
bated, printed, read, or referred, and ro further acnen w.iatsver
shall be had thereon "                      .,,.«             ,.• ,.
Mr GRAVES then moved a call of the House, which was
agreed to, and the roll having been called ovei, 199 numbers
answered to their names; and after the absentees had been
called, some of whom coming in answered to their names,
Mr. HOPKINS moved that further proceedings under the
call be dispensed with.
Mr. COLQUITT then submitted to the Chair that he having,
out ol courtesy, yesterday yielded the floor to the gentleman
Irom Kentucky to enable him to make his motion, ought not
lo be il barred the privilege of expressing his views on the sub-
j rt beluie the House, and
The Sl'EAKbR having decided that the motion for reconsi-
deran in hail piecedence,
Mi. COLQUITT appealed from that decision.
Air lil.-VLK asked if it would be in order for him to move to
lay the motion lor leconnderation on the table.
The 3PI1MCEK replied that it would be in order for Ihe gen-
tleman to m ike such a motion, provided he could get the flooi.
Mi GK.AVES said it wan not Ins purpose lo prevent gentle
me i from expressing their views on thissubject, and he would
theieforc move to postpone the luilher consideration of the
subject until three o'clock, and make it the special order for
that hour          ____
Mr COLQUITT having withdrawn his appeal to make
wavlorMi Graves's motion,
Áltei some funher remarks from Messrs. GRAVES,
EVANS, and WILLIAMS of Keutucky, the last named gentle-
man renewed the appeal.
A debate on the appeal then ensiud, in which Messrs. WIL-
LIAM-* of Kentucky, EVERETT. CUSH1NG, WADDY
THOMPSON, GRAVES, and LINCOLN, took part.
Mr ( R UO ta'led l rthe previous question, which, being
seconded by the Iliuse, the main question was put, and tho de-
cision of iheCHAia was sustained—yeas 123, nays 72.
Mr TILLINGHAST moved to lay the question of reconside-
ration on the table; but wtlidrcw the motion, when
Mr GRAVES moved to postpone it, and make it the order of
the day for to-morrow, at twelve o'clock; and after some fur-
ther remarks Irom Messrs. BELI, GRAVES, TILLINGHAST,
and WILLIAMS, of North Carolina,
Mr. TILLINGHAST renewed his motion.
Mr OHOMGOOLE called lor the yeas and nays, which were
ordered, when
Mr GRAVES said, to relieve the|Houge from embarrass-
ment, and permit the discussion to go on, he would withdraw hi 
motion for reconsideration.                                              .,„_„
Mr CAMPBELL, of South Carolina, and Mr. VAVDER-
POEL submitted to the Chair whether, the House having di-
vided on ihe question, it was competent for the gentleman from
Kentui ky to withdraw his motion
The SPEAKER was of opinion that the gentleman had a
right to withdraw his million.
"Mr. COLQUITT, who was entitled to the floor, then ad-
dies-ed the Hou«c in an exceeiingly eloquent speech 'of great
leDüth, in opposition to the reception of Abolition petitions,
which will he laid before our readers as soon as written out.
Mi. SLADE then obtained the floor, and commenced an ex-
planation ol his views on the subject, and of the course he
should lake with regard to it, but alter speaking a short time,
yielded the flior to
Mr VANDERPOEL, who moved that the House adjourn till
Monday next; and upon that,
Mr. ANDREWS demanded the yeas and nays, which were
ordered                                                                 ,  ,
Mr. VANDERPOEL, after the call had proceeded, said that.as
it seemed to be the disposition of the House not to adjourn over,
and as he wished to save time, he would, by permission, with-
draw his motion; but, objection being made, the call was pro-
ceelcd in. when it appeared that there were yeas 36, nays 142.
So the House refu-ed to adjourn over.
Mr J. W. JONES, chairman of the Committee of .Ways
and Mean , asked the u-amnnous consent of the house for t íe
purpose of moving a resolution. Ke said Ihe order giving t.'.a
Cles.t the power to have t'.e printing of the House executed
had expired several days ago; ar.d tr.o/ed a resolution that tb.3
said order be extended for one week from Mon^f/.
Mr. R. GARLAN J objected lo the introdueáon of the reso-
lu'ion                                                         ,                         .,
Mr JONES said, two bills had been this day reported from
the Committee of Waya and Means, accompanied by some
estimates, ail of which it was important, for lie action of Ihe
committee, and indispensable to iacilitate the public jusiness,
should be pi mtcd.
Mr. G \RLAND persisted in his objection; whereupon
Mr JONES moved to suspend the rules, for the purpose of
introducing the resolution; but, before taking the question,
Mr. SLADE said he would be willing to yis'd the 2oor to the
gentleman lo make his motion, if, by universal consent, it
could be carried; but, as objection was made, and proceedings
might take place upon the proposition which would deprive
him ol the Poor, he could not consent to yield :t.
Mr. SLADE, however, gave way to a motion to adjourn;
which, having laded, he was about íesuming his remarks,
Mr. GENTRY, by his permission, gave notice that he
would, when in order, introduce a bill providing for the as-
sumption of certain debts of the States, ar.d appropriate the
proce-ds of the public lands for that purpose.
Mr. SLADE here made a motion that the House adjourn; and
the yeas and nays having been ordered upon said motion, were
—ysasV?, naysC3.
So the House refuses to adjcurr\
Kr feL4DE then made a motion to postpone the subjeilbe-
fore the House until Monday 12 o'clock.and made the special
order at í a*, t me.                                                   .     ......
ITr. K. GARLAND gave Mr. Sl/de fair warning trat_ if fco
rotild t'eprive that gentleman of the fioor on that prop, sition en
Miirüay, he v.ould do so,
The r-jestion was then ta'cen by tellers on the postponement,
(Messrs. Drohooglb and Daviss, ol Pennsylvania, acting as
such,) when it appeared that th  re were—ayes 10b, noes 21.
Mr. .5. W. JONES again renewed his ptoposiuon to extend
the power of the Cle-jk to próvido a suitable person to execute
the necessary pointing until Monday week next. I.e said it
was indispensably necessary to have the printing executed Dy
some person.                                    ,    .       ,     .       *.■.- .««.
Objection being again made to the introduction of the reso
" mT'jONE^ moved to suspend the rules for that purpo  ; but
before taking the question,                                                       v.
Mr STANLY moved an adjournment, and the.yeas "£  ,•
having been ordered upon the same, he withdrew bis mo "otu
The question then lecurred on the motion to suspeua
rules, aod on mat                                            ,          _,j. ,3, wet3
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yea  and nays, wh w «>=
ordered, ¿nd were-yeas 102, neys 67, as follows.
