CONGRESSIONAL «LOBE.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 28, 1840.



BY BLAIR & RIVES.
--------WEEKLY
PRICE gl PER SESSION.
[Continued from .Afo. 8 ]
that reluctance to the gentleman himself, and endeavored to
renew the motion; but the Spsucer decided it to be out of his
power.
Mr. SLADE then proceeded m his remark?, with a purpose,
besaid, to avoid any thing which might savor of harstmess to-
wards those who represent the peculiar interests of the South
In presenting petitions here, it hail always beensolel} his pur-
pose to discharge his duty to his constituents, the petitions from
many of whom, he was understood to say, he had the honor of
presenting h  thought were rather too exciting He believed
many of these petitioners were «ver excited in their general
movement for the abolition of slavery in the District of Colum-
bia; and he believed, after they shall have accomplished that
object, that they will have attained nothing then, comparatively
speaking Mr S said the p,«position of the geutleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Thompson] involved in itself an absurdi-
ty The Constitution gives the House power to make rules of
proceedings for the government of its own action, but this
waa not such a rule as was authorized by the Constitution, that
this was not a rule to govern the future action of the House on a
particular proposition, but in anticipation disposed of it without
thi* action, lled.dnot think there was any power in the Con-
stitution thus to dispose of anv matter in advance of its pre-
sentation Each Hou* is requ ired by the Constitution to keep
a journal of its proceedings, but this rule proposes that there
■hall be no proceeding at all. One fifth of the members have
also the tight to demand the yeas and nays on every subject
brought before Congress, yet this proposition goes to deprive
the one-fifth of their pnvileee, on a certain subject, by legislat-
ing in advance upon it, and in opt-ositton to the plain meaning
ofthe Constitution. He contended that they had just as well
maJceanorler that all bills should be laid on the table without
being read. The proposition, he said, amounted to an enact-
ment that petiuons on this subject shall not be received—that
it was deceptive in its character—that it seemed upon its face
in one a ->ect to give the House the riiht to act herenfter, but
oa another deprives it of that right. He argnedto show that
the laying the question of rect ptton on the tab'e, did not lay the
petition on the table, but in point of fact, put it back into the
pocket of the member who presented it—that it amounted 'o a
(UcuHoa that they «hoqkl not be received It was In effect the
abridgment ofthe right of petition
Mr S admitted that the House might refuse to receive peti-
tions for a certain cause—that ti might refuse to receive such as
islred them to violate the Constitution.or presen ted.on their face,
that which was highly obnoxiou« He did not fully subscribe to
the doctrine that a pet tioner might demand the presentation and
reception of a petition; for he thought the Representative had
the right to refuse to present, and the Heuse to receive, such
petiuons as were absurd, monstrous, and abusive in their cha
raeter Abolition petition*, he said, were not of this character
and he asked gentlemen whether, if they threw them out, it
would not he an infringement of the Constitution—it would
be depriving a class of citizens of the right of petition on a
■object which ihey considered a grievance, and which Consre^
had the power to redress He considered the proposition looked
far beyond the question of slavery, and cautioned gentlemen to
take care that, in .heir veal to suppress petitions on this subject,
they did not go too far, and establish odious prnriples Mr S
■hewed how this principle, if once adopted, might operate to
exclude petitions on any other subject Alaw might be enacted,
making a duty of '30 per cent, on importation0, and their South]
em brethren might load their tables with petitons, complaining
that it was onerous, that they were on the road to ruin in con
sequence They might peti ion against harbors, pre-emptions,
post routes, or any other subject within our legislative powers
Yet the principles of the proposed r jle would as well apply to
tlits class of petitions as those on the subject of Abolition
He asked gentlemen to look deliberately to what they were do-
ing, to see whether they were not preparing halters for their
own necks.   Petitions might be presented praying the exposure
oft e corruptions of Government      Excitement was the only
cause, it seemed, for the rejection of those on the subject of
Abolition, bjt the fear of exposure might operate with equal
propriety for those in power to resort to this rule to rej ct pen-   i
uons on the subject of corruptions; it would be a convente t   I
one to shut the mouths of the Ret resentativei against tho^e
aboses.    There would be no end to the direful effects of this   ,
rule, the question ofrisht to petition was that upon which all   j
hinges    Mr S then went into an aigument to s ow lhat this
wasa fur subject for the legislative action of Congress     He   j
contended that that article in   the   Constitution which cave
Congress the power to "exercise exclusve legis'ation over the   i
District," gave them power over this subject, and admit'ed if it
was not so, there coakl be no grievance upon which tobase
those petitions      The language   "exclusive  legislation,   car    i
nerj «pon   ita   face    s   own   verity—it   was   a  self evi-
dent proposition, and could be made no plainer—the mere
declaration earned home to every mind the conviction that the
power exists    Hesaidthu Legislatures of Maryland and Vir-
ginia had no mnrerisht to legislate for the District of Columbia,
than thev had to legislate for the State of Maine—that the Dis-
trict had no government, and no power to legislate fir itself;
and the power most, of consequence, exist in Congress alone.
Mr S then cited authority of Mr Madison, Patrick Henry, and
ramus others, in proof of the fact that the power of Congress
over the District was complete, and that the abolition of slavery
therein was subject to the exclusive legislation of Congress
He then examined the nature of the grant by the States of Ma-
ryland and Virginia,   in   proof of  his    position,   and   read
various reports of committees  of Congress,   touching   the
subject  of slavery in  the  District of Columbia,   and bills
proposing legisl tive action,   and for the amelioration ofthe
condition ofthe slaves.   Whilst h? admitted the right to reject
petitions which proposed to Congress to vioUte the Constitu-
tion, yet he thou sht all petitionsof doubtful character should
be received    He looked upon the representative body as the
embodyment of their constituency, and that they should receive
the impression of their sentiments, and not treat with impunity
their prayers    What (he said) was the right of petition worth
if it did not have the ear of powerl   It could not be said that
V* right existed at all, if t'i* petition was not received or lla
tened to, and it was a gross violation of the right of petition to
keep the petitioners without the hearng of that body If this
principle should obtain, the next thing would be to say
that petitions should not be presented As the ball rolls
on, it would at last, be made a penal offence to pre
sent Abolition or other petitions The States that ne
ver come here as petitioners would, under this rule, be
treated as if ttuy were He had in his possession a resolu-
tion of the Legislaturefof Vermont, protesting agatnst the re.
solutions of the last Congress on this subiect as a gag; hut this
would be drawn into the same common vortex with individual
petitions They had no right to presume in anticipation that
a sovereign State would ask them to do an unconstitutional act
It was monstrous, making this sweeping rule, which even dis
regarded the sovereign powerof a State Mr S cued instances
when slave Siates,and Alexandria had petitioned Congress upon
this subject as a grievance, and argued that the citizens of
Vermont had as much right to petition as Ihey He then advo-
vated the principles of the Abolitionists, and showed that they
did not wish to deprive the master of his slave by physiaal
force, but thought slavery a grievance, and a fit subject for le-
gislative action Mr S continued at much length, and before
concluding his remarks, yielded the floor to
Mr PARRIS, who moved that the House adjourn
Mr CRABB demanded the yeas and nays, which were order
ed, but the question was taken by count, and decided in the af
urinative—yeas 84, nays 57
The House then adjourned till Monday next.
IN SENATE,
Monday, January 20, 1840.
The CHAIR presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature ofthe Territory of Iowa, ssking for an ap-
propriation toaid inctmpleling the j enitentiary in
that Terrttorj; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Al>o ihe pet tion of the ¡sdminitt ators of John
McHatton; which was referred to the Committee
on Bevolut onary Claim .
Mr. MERRICK pre>ented the memorial of
Charles Bheht, in behalf of himself and the heirs
of Robert Fallon; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. M. also pre-f n'eó* tha memorial of ihe cor-
porate authorities of the C ty of Washington, pray-
ing for the improvement of certain streets and
avenues;
And the memorial of the Board of Healih, pray-
ine for Ihe cons'ruction of a lunatic asjlam;
wh'th wrrereferreJ to the Cimmittee on ihe Dis-
trict of Colombia, and o deied to be pr.nted.
Mr. DAVIS pres-n'ed the petmon of Silence
Elliot; which was refened to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. D. also presented the petition of Thomas B.
Parsons; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affam.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky pre ented the petiti* n
of Mary Brush; which was referred to the Com-
mittee rn the District of Columb a.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of Polly
Clough; whicF was referred to 'he Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. W. a'so presented the pe'ition of a number
of citizens of the State of Maine, praying the
adopUon of measures for effecting a Congress of
nations for th<> purpose of adjusting international
difficulties without a recourse to armr; which was
laid on  the table.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial ofthe pre-
sident and directors of the Portsmouth and Co-
lumbus Tnrnpike cr mpany, praying for a grant of
public lands; which was referred to the Committee
on Public Lands'.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the petition of Lewis
Feu'chwanger, praying permission to nsue as coin,
ofthe value and denomination of one cent, a quan-
tity of German silver, of whchheis themven'o';
which was referred  to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRUNDY presented the memor.al of Ed-
mund Fannm?, praying for as istance of Govern-
ment for an expedition to the Sou'h Sf as; which
was referred to ihe Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. LUMPKIN, the pet.tion and
papers of Alfred Stewart, mw on fi'e, were refer-
red to ihe Commntee on Indian Affairs.
The motion of Mr. MERRICK, to r-fer the pa-
pers in lelation 'o tiV claim of the owrers of ihe
¡■hi,> AlUgany, to a s-elect commit ee of three, was
taken up, and, after some remarks from Messrs.
MERRICK,   WRIGHT,   SMITH   of Indiana,
HUBBARD and KING, was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from the
agents of seam jackets between the c.ty of New
York and various European ports, praying for a
modification of Ihe law allowing a drawback on
imports, so as to allow a drawback on coal im-
ported by ihem and used on their return voyages to
Europe; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of Esther
Lefleris; which was referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which had been referred
The memorial of a number of the surviving
captors and representatives of deceased captors of
the frigate Philadelphia, praying remuneration for
their services; and
The petition of sundry widows of persons lost
in the privateers of the United States, for renewal
of pensions:
Severally asked to te discharged from the
further consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on Nava-
Aflairs, to which was referred the petition of Sa;
muel Warner, made an adverse report therton
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN, from the Ccmmittt-e on Private
Land Claims, to which had been referred the me-
morial oí the Legislature of Wisconsin, pra)ing
for the confirmation of the claim of Francis Laven-
ture and others, asked to be discharged from its
fuither consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands; which was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the letter of the Se-
cretary of War, asking an appropriation for the
removal of the Stockbridge and Munsee Ind ans,
asked to be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs; which was agreed to.
Mr. W. alio from the same committee, to which
had been referred the memorial of a religions com-
munity of St. Loui«, dencminaled the "Ladies of
the Sacred Heart," a.Wed tobe discharged from its
further confederation, aad that it be laid on the ta-
ble; which was agreed to.
Mr. W. also from the same committee, to which
had been re'ered a resolution of the Senate in re-
lation to the repeal of duty on marble busts and
s'atuary, aiked to be discharged from its further
considerat on, and that it be referred to the
Commi'tee on the Library; which was agreed to.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported a bill providing for the continuance of
the office of Commissioner of Pensions, and to
transfer business heretofore transacted at the Navy
Depar mem to that office; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill to explain
the fifth section ofthe act for the better organization
of the United States Marine Corps; which was
read twice and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Also, a bill to regu'atf  the pay aad emoluments
of puneTs. in ihe navy; wh'ch was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on J> aval Affairs.
Mr. SEYIER, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill to provide for the
secur.ty and protection of the emigrant and other
Indians west of the States of Missouri and Arkan-
sas; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. STRANGE submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Jadieiary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the several laws unon lhat subject as to
allow all the newspapers in the respective States to
publish the laws passed at each session of Congress
as is now done by the three newspapers selected in
each Stale, and in consideration thereof, and as the
