130
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
only compensation to be received by any newsp
per therefor, be allowed to circulate withm their re-
spective States free of postage.
Mr. PRENTISS submitted the following resolu-
tion, wlvch was adopted:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of granting
a pension to Ebenczer Swan, on accoutt of a dis-
ability incut red by bim in the military service of
the United States.
ARMED OCCUPATION OF FLORIDA.
The bill for the armed occupation and settlement
of that part of the Territory of Florida infested by
marauding bands of hostile Indians, was taken up
on its third reading.
After some remarks fio ji Mr. PRESTON in op-
position to the bill, the question was taken on the
passage of the bill, and resulted yeas 24, nays 15,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbeit, Ful-
ton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Mouton, Nicholas, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Se-
vier, Smith of Connecticut, Walker, Williams,
Wright, and Young—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Beits, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Knight,
Menick, Phe'.ps, Prentiss, Preston, Smith of In-
diana, Strange, and White—15.
So the bill was passed.
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL
Was thin taken up on its third reading. Mr.
CLAY of Kentucky addressed the Senate at great
length in opposition to the bill.
Mr. WALKER rose to reply to some of ihe re-
marks of Mr. Clay; but at the suggestion of many
Senators, gave way to a motion for adjournment.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, January 20,1840.
The SPEAKER announced to the House that
the subject before it was the special order of Satur-
day, being the proposition of Mr. Thompson, of
South Carolina, to amend the rales by the addition
of the following:
Resolved, That, upon the presentation of any me-
morial or petition, praying for the abolition of sla-
very or the slave trade in any District, Territory,
or State of the Union, and upon the presentation
of any resolution, or other paper touching that sub-
ject, the reception of such memorial, peiition, reso-
lution, cr paper, shall be considered as objected to,
and the question of ill reception shall be laid on the
table, without debate or fuither action thereon.
Mr. SLADE, who was entitled to the floor upon
this subjec, was proceeding, but was interrupted by
Mr. KElM, who begged pemrs ion to make a
correction of his vote, on Fiiday last on ihe pro-
position of Mr. Jones, of Virginia, to suspend the
rules to enable ihat gentleman to move a resolu-
tion that t íe Clerk be empowered to employ a co n-
petent person to execute the public printing until
that officer was elected. Mr K. said that, in the
list of yeas and nays upon that subject, as publi hed
in the Globe, his name appears among those who
vote.1 in the negative. Suoh was not the fact.
He voted in the affirmative on that proposition.
Mr. SLADE resumed, and occupied the floor the
whole day, in adJition to Saturday, in definin? the
principles of the Abolition party, and vindicating it
from the many reproaches which had (he said) been
heaped upon it.and argued strongly that the question
of expediency should not operate to defeat the ends
of justice.   He contended that Congress had the
power to emancipate the slaves in the District
of Columbia; that  there was no implied faith
given to Virginia and Maryland that the subject
of slavery in wid District should not be touched.
He then took a review of the rise   and  pro-
gress  of Abolition  principles  in England  and
in   this    country,   at    which   he    was   much
gratified, and concluded by defining his political
position, and particularly in reference to the ques-
tion of Abolition, and how far that question will
influence him in giving suppoit to the nomination
of the ETarrisburg Convention. He had last year de-
tenninedto support that nomination, without regard
jo th« pe^nljw notions of the nominee on the sub-
ject of slavery; and that, in giving his support to
Mr. Harrison, he did not do so on account of h;s
Abolition principles, but because the happy change
which the principles he professed would work
upon the future action of the Government, should
he be elected.
Some effort was made by Mr. R. GARLAND
to introduce a substitute to change the nature of
the proposition before the House; to which, how-
ever, objection was made.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, obtained the floor;
but gave way to
Mr. BLACK, who moved that the House do
adjourn.
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded (he yea* and nay*;
which were ordered, and we re—yeas 55, nays 52.
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tüesdat, January 21,1840.
The CHAIR submitted a message from the Pre-
sident of the United States, furnishing information
called for by a reflation of the Senate of the 30th
ult. in relation to the amount of money paid from
the Trea urv to satisfy private claims for the five
years preceding January, 1840; which was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of State, ex-
plaining the canse of delay in publishing the Bien-
nial Register; which was laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Navy in
relation to the number of clerks employed in that
Department dur.ng the past year, and their amounts
of compensation; which was laid on the table.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 15th
inst. in relation to the establishment of marine hos-
pitals at the mouth of the Arkansas river; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be pi in ted.
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, show-
ing the amounts appropriated and expended/and the
balances remaining in hand, for the service of that
Department duriag the year 1839; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS presented the memorial of a num-
ber of citizens of the State of Vermont, praying
such further legislation of Congress as will effec-
tually abolish the foreign fclave trade; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. P. also presented the memorial of a num-
ber of citizens of Vermont, praying the passage of
a law to prohibit the local authorities in the Dis-
trict of Columbia from imprisoning free persons of
color, and selling them in satisfaction of jail fees,
on the presumption of their being slaves.
The reception being objected to, the motion to
receive was,
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, ordered to lie on ihe
table.
Mr. SEVIER presented documents in relation
to the claim of John C. Reynolds; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Ind an Affairs.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented ihe petition of T. F.
Peterson, praying permission to purchase from the
Government a certain island, situated near the
mouths of the Mississippi river; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of John
Diele, a citizen of the.United States, praying that
a work published by him in the Sandwich Inlands
may be admitted into the United States free of
duty, wheh was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the petition of John
Johnston, praying to be released from a judgment
obtained against him; which was referred to the
Committeee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PIERCE presented the petition of John
Crawford, praying arrears of pens on; which was
referred to the Commit ee on Pensions.
Mr. KING presented the petit on of Charles D.
Connor, praying to be allowed the right of pre-
emption to a tract of land; which was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the petition of Jacob
Dunham, praying remuneration for property de-
stroyed during the late war, which w s referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, from the Committee
on the Publio Lands, to which was referred
A bill for the re ief of certain settlers op the pub-
lic lands, who were deprived of the benefits of ihe
act granting pre-emption rights, which was ap-
proved on the 19th of June, 1834; and
A bill for the relief of Sutton Stephens;
Reported the same without amendment.
Mr. C. also from the same committee, asked to
be discharged from the further consideration of the
the memorial of the President and Directors of the
Po.tsmouth and Columbus Turnpike  company;
which was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, to which was referred a bill to grant to
the States and incorpora'ed companies engaged
the construction of roads and canals, the right of
way through the public lands of the United States,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committf e on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred a bill to provide for
the security and protection of the emigrant and
other Indians west of the States of Missouri and
Arkansas, repoited the same without amendment.
Mr. S. from the same committee, made an unfa-
vorable report on the petition of Jubal B. Han-
cock; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BETTS, from the Committee on Claims, 10
which was referred the petition of John Burke,
made an adverse report thereon; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Land«, to which was referred the memorial of
the Western Academy of St. Louis, asked to be
discharged from its funher consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the petition of
Chalón Guard, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which wa? agreed to.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Strange was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following re-
solutions
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury in-
form the Senate if there be not a considerable num-
ber (and what number) of donation claims, or set-
tlement rights, under the acts of Congress of 1812
and 1819, for lands situate in the State of Missis-
sippi, south of the 31st degree of nor h latitude,
which have been proven under these laws, and
surveyed, plotted and returned to the surveyor's
office of the district by the deputy surveyor of the
Uni ed States appointed thereto, but the titles to
which are thereupon suspended on imputation of
irregularity in the surveys in regard to form and
location. 2. Also, whethrr or not the surveys ex-
cepted to, exceed or diminish the quantity of land
to which claimants are entitled. 3. How long
since these surveys have been executed, and what
proportion of them have been perfected in title.
4. What is the description and quality of land
generally in which thee surveys are made. 5.
And whether, in the opinion of the commissioner,
if such surveys be irregular, it would not be better
economy for the Government to confirm them as
made than incur the expense of resurvey.
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL
Was then taken up, and, after a speech of much
ability from Mr. WALKER, was, en motion of
Mr. BUCHANAN, informally passed over.
The bill for the relief of certain persons therein
named, was taken up, and, after some remarks
from Messrs. TAPPAN, GRUNDY, CLAY, of
Alabama, and ROBINSON, was ordered to'be
engrossed.
The Senate then went into Executive business,
and afterwards
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, January 21,1840.
The question before the Honse was the propo-
sition of Mr. Thompson, of South Carolina, to
amend the rules by the addition of the following:
Resolved, That, upon the presentation of any me-
morial or petition pra>ing tor Ihe abolition of sla-
very or the slave trade in any District, Territory,
or State of the Union, and upon the presentation of
