CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
any rrso'ution, or other paper touching that s ab-
ject, the reception of such memorial, petition, r<sd,
latioD, or paper, shall be considered as objected to,
and the qutttion ifi!s reception shall hw i*id ca the
table, without debate or furtrser acnon tnereon.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, b< in* entitled to
the floor,
Mr. JOHNSON askett the gentleman to give
way, to enable him to offer a resolution which  «t>
poned to give to the sufferine noor cf the District
all the sorp'us wood at the C.\i not oeiongmg 10
the Government, which he believed to be about
forty con's.
Mr. FISHER objected to the introduction of the
resolution at that time.
Mr. JOHNSON asked for a suspension of the
rales for that pnrpese.
Mr. GARLAND, of Virginia, interfered, and
said he would be pleased to accommodate the
gentleman by yielding it, if no objection be made
  the proposition; but he anticipated there would
be.
Mr. POPE here rose, and wished to prevail on
Mr. Garland to yield, to enable him to make a
report from a committee on the subject of the Iowa
and Missonri boundary question.
Mr. JOHNSON again interposed to press the
propriety and necessity of granting the relief con-
templated ia his reso'ii'ioD.
Mr. GARLAND said he was willing to yield
the floor, if it was the understanding by the Chair
that he would be entit'ed to it afterwards.
The CHAIR said there could be no such under-
standing.
Mr. PROPFIT aslel Mr. Garland of Vir-
ginia, (who was entit'ej to the floor,) to
yield it to him for one moment, for the purr* se of
introducing a tes lution which he (Mr. P.) deemed
of great importance, as calling for informan, n
which ihe country—the whole country—demanded.
Mr. P. said, that if the intioduciion of th  resolu-
ta n gave rise to one word of debate—if a single
objection was made—he would consider it h s duty,
in rttarn for the courtesy of the gentleman from
Virginia, to withdraw the resolution; giving net ce,
howevcT, ih« upon the first opportunity ¡he sub-
ject shoolJ re brcugM before the Hous?.
Mr. GARLAND hiving yieldel the floir,
, Mr. PROFFIT read the following resolution:
w RueiveX, That the Secretary *t War be directed
to inform this House, at his e.irüct converjien"e,
«beber he ha* or has not ordered or authorized the
ww of bloodhounds in the war with the Indians in
Florida. Also, if such order or authority has
been given, whether any importation of blood-
h unds has been oidered, and from what country.
A'sa, the name of the agent employed to purchase
and select said blco Ihounds. Also, the number
of bloodhounds ordered. Also, whether any
bloodhounds have actually arrived; and also, if
the use of the bloodhounds is determined on, th*
Secretary of War is fnither directed to state the
««me of the offieer in the American army uader
whose immediate chage and command the blood-
hounds are to be used.
After the resolution wa* read, objection' being
made by fome members, Mr. f. withdrew, if.
read
 f)i:
Mr. GARLAND of V.rgfiU sud, ¿>pnn the
ques ion of human rights, as ¿eing involved in the
subject tefore the House, he |ad notb/ng to say.
He never would tu n ent to dficuss fVnvral ques-
tion of human righ's there, because Jte believed it
was on* with which that Hop*! ha/ no right to
interfere—had no jurisdiction! thafjit was a que -
tu  which belonged exelosivel/ to the Stale*.
With him there was but one aignmeit—that so
long as the slave Sutes thought /rcper to n aintain
the exigence of slavery among mt m, he wou'd, as
they would, defend it to the ctjfiost extremity. He
considered that the question involved a higher one
than the mere right and eipectiency of abo'ishir g
slavery and the slave trade in the .District of Co-
lumbia; it involved the question whether the peo-
ple have created an entire disp< tis n over this Dis-
trict—  hether the peop'e here were mere seift, and
have no rights. Mr. G. replied to that part of the re-
marks of Mr. Biddle, a few days ago, in wnich
that gentleman had blended the great right of peti-
tion with the qtteition of reception.   H« denied
that such was a correct position, and thought that
it did not interfere with an) rights gua' anted to
them under the Constitution, to refuse to receive
tneu petitions: and called upon gentleman to point
out wnerein it was inconsistent with that right.
The eentleman fiom Vermont. Mr. Sladk, had,
he said, conceded the whole ground that that right
was at all infringed by the rejection of petit.ons
praying unconstitutional legislation; and he be-
lieved that- altbcusn tne oeooie nave a nam u> as-
s'mw ana p>.iuion Congress tor a redress o rgnev-
anees, yet Corgress had tne rigni 10 ret use iu rr-
ceive such as called upon them to do an unconsii-
tut onal act. Here the great constitutional prin-
ciple was clear and conclusive.
Mr. G. then read fiom the first att.c'e of the
amendmens or ire Const ration the words, ''that
Congress should make no law respecting an esta-
blishment of re'igion, or r rohibit.ng the free exer-
cise thneof, or abridging the ftvedomof speech or
of t^e press, rr of the right of the peop'e p?ace-
ably to a«semb'e and pjti ion the Government for
a redress of irievances." He said tbeie were
thiee dhtnet principles in this clausi. He asked
g^mlemen if a petition came ihere praying Congrrs*
to «s'abV.s'i a particular relition, wheh-r they
woiild bebcunl to leceiveit, wi h the above clause
stwing them in the face.
The freedom of the press—y. s, ¡is licenlious-v
ness, was proectei under this clause; and he wou'd
a-k if a petition be presen'ed praying that that
powerful engine be trammelled and broken down,
whether they wou'd receive it. He relieved not;
because they had, under the Consti ut on, no power
to interfeie with the subject, and rught ni-t to con-
sider such a petition. Mr. G. then refer.ed to the
circum-tar.ces of the times, wh'ch induced the
placing of that guard in the Const,tution against
the invas'on of the rights of the peop'e peaceably
to assemble and petition for a redress orgrievances.
The ieason why it was thus engrafted in that in-
strument, was because the framers of it had seen
thst the Biii sh Parliament had sone in'o the bedy
of the prople, and testticted and limited thiir light
to asstmMe.
Mr. G. ihn read from page 141 of the
Manuil, where, according to parhameLtary law,
it is made necessary that petitions must be sub-
scr bed by the petitioners; or if not, must be certi-
fied by the member presentTg it, that it is their hand-
writin?, or some person wi liout the doors ihat they
know the hanc'-wiiting of the petitioners; that the
member presenting it, also, must state its contents
briefly; a regular motion must fee, also made, and
he question put whetner it shall be received.
Mr. G. asked, if Congress had no discretion
over the subject, why was all this caution in the
i ules necessary? The rule which required its con-
tents to be stated would be an unmeaning one.
Its object was first to ascertain whether the subject
was within the legitimate jurisdiction of those they
petition. Why make the responsibility rest on a
member, of certifjing to its contents and the identity
of the handwriting, if there was no discretion? If
there was no discretion they could not reject ft.
Then why put the question, if the House have not
that power? The poner, he believed, should be
exercised with great discretion; .but that they had
the rowr to reject was incontrovertible.
Mr. G th:n argued at some length as to the
rights of the people of the District, which he said
would be annihilated if the principles advanced
en that floor should obtain—that they had no
voice in this matter; it would make them as de-
fenceless 8 s the serfs of Russia. He contended
that the people sre entitled to all the benefits of the
provisions of the Constitution which recognise
slaves as propeity, to the same extent that th^y en-
joyed those rights before the cession of the District
byMaiyland and Virginia. He argu-d that the
people of the Di trict were entitled to the same pro-
tection tortus specie-: of pri perty as any other kind,
under the fourth article of the amendment* to the
Constitution, which says, "that the right of the
people to be secure in their peisons, houses, pa-
pers, and,effects, against unreasonable searches
and seizures shall not be violated." He fur.her
contended that Congress could not deprive the peo-
ple of the District of any of the rights which ihey
enjoy in general as a part of the United States.
Slavts, he said, are recognised by the Con&tituticn
as property, and Congtess had no tight to take it
even lor public purposes without just compensa-
tion. He would excite the people ol the District to
rebellion against the despotism of the principle
advanced, that thr-y had no right to resist any ac-
tion of Congress which went to deprive them of
their properly.
Mr. G. th«n examined that clause of the Consti-
tu'ion which gave Congress the right to exercise
exclusve legislation over the District of Columbia,
which he defined to mean that it should exercise
only such powers as were not prohibited in that in-
strumented which were exclus.ve of the powers of
the States. He then examined the question with
reference to the tlave trade in this District, con-
tending that the peopie thereof had the power to
dispose of this species of property to the citizens of
any other State; and that Congress had no more
power to interfere with or interdict this trade in the
D.strict than they had to prevent it between the
citizens of Md. and Va ; and said it would be a
more dangerous innova ion of individual rights
than that of which the Abolitionists complained.
He then exam ne 1 that prohibition in the Constitu-
tion! aga nst the African slave fade after a certain
period, which, he said, was placed there at the In-
stance of the Southern Bta'es. The States
now comphvnng of the evilí of slavery, were
then in favor of that trade, and wen'd not
consent to that prohibition, nn'ess the period at
which it was to cease wasfixed twenty years in the
future-, and that the Eastern people had two seamen
engaged in that trade to one Southern seamen.
Mr. G. then argued this question in all its consti-
tutional bearings, and conclusively proved that
that Congress had no power at all over the subject;
and that it rested entirely with the States and
the people of ihe District of Columbia to make the
first movement towards emancipation. After ad-
verting at tome length to the dangers to be apprehend-
ed from the movements of the Abolitionists, he
believed that the exc tement wonld hot be allayed
by ihe reception of petitions, and cited the many
instances of reports havirg already bten made up-
on the subject of these petitions. Mr. Pinck-
ney's able report, he said, had not 'fare-
vented di cussion, and he did not believe
that a tefeience of the petitions would now
have any better effect than it did at the time
that report was made, or when the first report was
made, which was in the year 1783. Mr.
G. concluded by saying that he would take what-
ever stand his üiends from the South wonld take,
and appealed to the friends of the Ctnstitutiou in
the North to take the old stand they had heretofore
occupied on that question. He said he did not
want discussion on thi-j subject, and had voted
from the beginning in favor of every proposition
to that end, not because he feared to meet it, but
because the North had no right whatever to inter-
fere with it, nor that House to legislate upon it, as
proposed in the petitions.
Mr. BUTLER, of South Carolina, observed that
it had not been the habit of gentlemen of the South
to discuss the constitutionality, expediency, or im-
morality of slavery, and he, believing such discus-
sions to be useless, as well as injurious, would
therefore be the last man to engage .n them. He
wished he could say, with the gentleman from Vir-
g nia, [Mr. Garland J that he felt no excitement
on this subject; but, as excitable as he felt, and he
acknowledged without hesitation that he did so, he
would endeavor to discuss it calmly, as became a
citizen of tliis gieat Republic, as became one who
fe t avi^al interest in its safety, and who had en-
deavored to lay aside all sectional prejudices. It
had always been his course, in the part of the
country from which he came, to throw what influ-
ence he had in the scale against sectional feelings.
If such feelings entered at all in this question.it
was not the fault of the S^uth. Upon th's, as
upon all other questions, the South asked no pro-
tection; it only asked to be let alone, and be per-
mitted to judge of its own affairs.
Opinions and sentiments had been proclaimed on
that floor which required an answer. One gentle-
man from N«w York [Mr, QftfrM ] *em& ^
