isa
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iüttmate in the opening of his address, that the
gentlemen from the South, so far as this question
was invoked, were the slaves of sectional and
local opinions. Wc, ti', might ask, continued Mr.
B, who is more a slave to local opinions than the
gentleman h m<elf, in adopting the course he had.
The gentleman from New York referred them to
Congressional history to show that these petitions
had been offered and received for the last thirty
years, without creating any excitement until the j
year 1836. That might have been the 1 act, but
who did not know that the vital importance of the
subject bad grown up from the fact, that the Abo-
litionists of the North were no longer weak,
ignorant, and power!e s, as they were thirty
years ago, tut that they now were, ?.s the
gentleman himself proclaimed, men of talents,
of property, and of influence, while their num-
bers were daily increasing. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania was entirely mistaken when he
tup posed that the discussions on this exciting sub-
ject would be pot an end to by a reference of it to
a committee. It had been well shown by the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Colquitt] that the re-
ference made in 1836, under the resolutions of Mr.
Pinckney, as well as the reference that was made
in 1780, so far frcm putting a stop to the presen-
tation of these petitions, was followed by an in-
creased number of them. And such, he would
venture to assert, would always be the inevitable
result of treating Abolition petitions in that
manner.
The issue made up was not on the right of
petition, as some gentlemen contended.   He would
say,  to  one   and all of them, that they should
make   the   (ruth   known   to   their  constituents;
that   they shoal 1 go home and tell   those who
charged them with the presentation of such peti-
tions, that the trae issue now presented on that
floor was one of union or disunion.   It was not to
be disguised that that was the issue now before the
House and the country.   He did not, like some
gentlemen, say that   he never would  calculate
its valae when an evil of this magnitude was pre-
sentid.   He did calculate its value.   He valued it
and loved it as the surest safeguard of our liber-
ties.   It could not be expected that any man here
should forget in half a century the common toils
and dangers of our ancestors, or the objects for
which they encountered them.   He claimed for
hitmelf as much veneration and love for this Union
as   any   man   in   the nation; but he was com-
pelled   to say,   that  the moment   Congress   at-
tempted to   legislate on  this subject, the Union
was   practically   dissolved—the   moment   Con-
gress   abolished slavery  in   the District of Co-
luiubia, the Statrs interested would look upon it as
a direct attack upon them, and act accordingly.
We tf the South,'said Mr.  B., are not afraid to
discuss the subject of slavery.   We believe the
institution to be defensible from the sciipture itself;
we believe that it has always existed; and «e be-
lieve, with Governor McDuflle, that to us it has
proved a political blessing.   I will ask the gentle-
man from Veimont, [Mr. Slade,] whose tears of
sympathy for the slave, he sayf, have been so often
•bed, if he has no sympathy for the whites of the
South; if he does not feel for his white f-llow citi
zens of the South, as well as for his black brethren.
If the object of his abolition petitions, an objrct he
his so much at heart, could be accomplished, the
white people of the South would cease to live.  No
man who knows the South but must know this truth;
that things must exist at the South as they do now'
or no free wfcite man or woman can live there.
The South, as he said before, claimed no particu-
lar protection from th's Government.   When mo-
ney was to be expended for coast and harbor de-
fence, it was for the North    When money was to
be expended for the improvement of rivers anl
harbors, it was for the North; and so in most cases
when the benefit of this Government we;e to be
dispensed, it was for the North.   The Sl u h, how-
ever, asked for no special favors.   AH that it did
ask, was to be permitted to direct their own insti-
tutions without molestation.
It had been pointedly asked on that floor how it
was that persons occupying the position which he
*nd his State Rights friends did, could attach them-
selves to, and act with the Administration paity in
that House. This question was easily answe-ed.
We are not, said Mr. B. partisans of the Adminis-
tration, nor do we intend to become so. We tup-
port the leading measures of the Administration
because we believe them to be calculated to pro-
mote the best interests of the country. Mr. B.
made a few observations which were not heard,
owing to his face being turned from the Reporter;
when
The SPEAKER informed him that it was not
in order to discuss a subject not before the House.
Mr. B continued.   He was not going to define
his position as some gentlemen were in the habit of
doing.   He should let his position take care of it-
self, and define itself, by the votes he should give;
but he was going to slate why jt was that he and
his S'ate Rights frienc's were so often found acting
with the Adminis«ration.   We do so, .«aid he, be-
cause we know that whatever m:ght have been the
former opinions of the Ch;ef Magútrae, he sup-
ports the best interests of the whole Union.   We do
so because, upon the paramount importance at-
tached to this Abolition question, he says that he
net only believes that it would be a violation of the
Constitu'ion for Congress to legislate on the sub-
ject of slavery in the States, but as regards the
District of Columbia, that to abolish slavery in it
wonld be highly inexpedient, a violation of the im-
plied faith of the Government to the States of Vir-
gnia and Maryland, and that, therefore, he should
veto anv bill passed for that purpoe.   Was it be-
cause blows had formerly been struck between the
distinguished individual who was now Chief Ma-
gistrate and the State Rights party, that the latter
should not now support him when he was pursuing
a line of policy which their judgment approved?
Whatever his cour.-e might have been on the Mis-
souri and other questions, his course now, on all
these questions which deeply interested the South,
was perfectly sound; and he regretted to say, that he
could not regard the principles of the gentleman put
in opposition to him for the Presidency [Gen. Har-
rison] as equally sound; for he should desire to see
every man put in nomination for that high station,
entertaining correct views on the e important ques-
tions.   But was this the ease wi h the nominee of
the Harrisburg Convention?   Sir, said Mr. B. it
is known that this distinguished individual, in a
letter written by him so late es 1833, said that he
would desire to see all the surplus revenues of the
country appropriated for the purposes of emancipa-
tion and colonization.   With this declaration star-
ing him in the face, how could any Southern man
support this gentleman for the highest office in the
R'public?   Again: on one occasion in 1836, this
gentleman was cal'ed on to avow his opinions on
the subject of Abolition, but he declined giving any
answer.   The Democratic party, however, have
no such reluctance to avow their opinions.   A
Democratic convention was lately held at Colum-
bus, in the Sta'e of Ohio, and, among others,
passed the following resolutions:
[Mr. B. here read the resolutions on the subject
of Abolition and Aboliiion societies, adopted by
the Columbus Convention; for whkh see another
part of to day's paper.]
There was another resolution, (Mr. B. said,)
providing that, should there be any members of the
Convention who did not subscribe to the princi-
ples contained in the resolutions relating to the
subject of Abolition, they were requested to leave
their names with the publishing committee, to be
published with the proceedings. And he was au-
thorized to say (Mr. B. continued) that no man
has left his name with that committee. So that
the position (Mr. B. said) we occupy is this: we
act with the Administration without being its par-
tisans so long as it supports the principles to which
we are committed. Mr. B. after some further
remarks, said he regarded the vote taksa on the
nomination at the Harrisburg Convention as indi-
cative of the position of the Whig party. The
ground he took, and that he believed to be true,
was that the Abolitionists support, and are attached
to the Wh^ party_ jf he was WTOn?) ne desired
to be corrected. He had a slip from a newspaper,
which stated that General Harrison belonged to the
Abolitionist party; and though he did not under-
take to say that this was true, he knew that he had
been written to to avow his op mons on the subject
of slavery, by some of those who wished to vote for
him, and that he had to this day decl.ned an an-
swer Mr B. tn conclusion, said he had no idea,
when he rose, of occupying the t^me of the House
for more than a few minutes. All he desired was
to discuss the question as it should be discussed,
and to tell gentl-mea fiom all parts of the Union
that they should go home to their constituents, and
tell ihem that the Soutn was deeply excited
on this subject; that they demanded to b«
perm fed to attend to their own m'eres's,
unmolested by other sections of the Union; and
that a continued agitation of this subject would en-
danger the Union. If gentlemen loved the Union
as they professed to do—if they wished that this
fair fabric should descend unimpaired to their pos-
terity, ihey would present this question in its true
aspects to their constituents.
Mr. DROMGOOLE rose and submitted an
amendment, which he said he shou'd move the
previous question on; and, after some remarks
on a point of order from Messrs. DROMGOOLE,
ADAMS, UNDERWOOD, MASON, THOMP-
SON.of South Carolina.and GARLAND.of Louisi-
ana, the amendment was then read as follows:
Srike out all after the word resolved, and insert,
that all petitions, memorials, remonstrances, ad-
dresses, resolutions, propositions, or papers of any
description, touching the abolition of slavery or
the slave trade in the District of Columbia, in the
Territories of the United States, or in any State of
this Union, or to the transportation of slaves
from any State, District or Territory of the United
S'ates, to any other State, District cr Territory, or
relating in whole or in part, in any way, or to any
extent whatever, to these subjects, shall be laid on
the table, without a question and without action or
debate, and tbe same shall not be printed.
Mr. WARREN, of Georgia, submitted whether
it was in order; the amendment being, as he con-.
tended, the same thing in substance as the resolu-
tion of Mr. Coles, which was laid on the table.
After some remarks from Messrs. WARREN,
BRIGGS, and DROMGOOLE,
Mr. BLACK appealed to the courtesy of the
gentleman from Vúginii and the liberality of the
House, and proposed that every member who had
an amendment to submit, should be permitted to
offer it, and have it read for the information of the
Hou e. In this way, Mr. B. said, every gentle-
man cou!d place himself in the position he desired
to occupy, and the question could be taken on
each resolution sepaiately in their order, without
debite.
Mr. DROMGOOLE would only remark that no
consent of his would change the rules of the House.
It was for the Speaker, and not for him to say
whether the gentleman's proposition was in order.
Mr. BLACK said he only meant to say that he
was indebted to the courtesy of the gentleman from
Virginia, who was entitled to the flúor, fcr allowing
him an opportunity of making the proposition he
did to the House. He hoped his resolution might
be read, and he hoped that every gentleman who
desind to do so, nrght be permitted to offer his
amendment, for the purpose of showing his views
on this question.
Mr. Black's resolution was then read as fol-
lows, for the information of the House; but seve-
ral voices opposing its reception, it was not re-
ceived:
Jtuelvtd, That, upon the presentation of any pe-
tition or other paper, praying for or touching the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia,
in the States of this Confederacy, or in the Terri-
tories thereof, the tame shall be not received.
After a debate on the point of order raised by
Mr. Warren, in which Messrs. Dromgoole, Tope,
Briggs, Thompson, Smith, of Indiana, Banks,
Warren, Türney, and Everett took part,
The SPEAKER decided that Mr. Dromooole's
amendment being in substance the tame thing with
the resolution of Mr. Coles, which was laid on the
table, it cou'd not be received.
Mr. DROMGOOLE took an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair; but on taking the question on
