CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
the appeal, the Chair was sustained—yeas 120,
nays 64.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then, after some remarles,
in which he staled he conceived it to be his duty to
pat a stop to this useless aud unnecessary debate,
moved the previous ques'ion on Mr. Thompson's
resolutions; when
Mr. HOFFMAN moved for a call of the House,
which was ordered; and the roll having been called
over, 201 members answered to their names.
After calling the absentees, further proceedings
under the call were dispensed with; and
The question was taken, "Will the House se-
cond the call for the previous qustion?" and deci-
ded in the negative, (Messrs. Ramsey, of Pennsyl-
vania, and Johnson, of Maryland being tellers)—
ayes 98, noes 99.
Mr. ADAMS then submitted his amendment as
follows:
Resolved, That the following be added to the
standing rules of this House, to be numbered the
31st.
"Every petition presented by the Speaker, or by
any member, with a brief verbal statement of its
content*, shall be received, unless objection be
made to its teception for special rearon; and
whenever objection shall be made to the re-
ception of a petition, the name of the mem-
for objecting, and the reason of th? objection,
shall be entered upon the journal. The question
in every such case shall be, "shall the petition be
rejected!" and no petition shall be rejected but by
a majority of the members present."
On motion by Mr. ADAMS,
The Hou?e adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, Jan. 22, 1840.
Mr. WHITE submitted documents in relation
to the memorial of a number of citizens of Mil-
waukie, remonstrating against the confirmation of
the claims of Francis Laventure and others to cer-
tain tracts of land; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. FULTON presented the petition of Ira H.
Sabin, praying the right of pre-emption is a tract
of land; which was referred to the Committee on
Pabjic Lands.
Mr. BETTS presented the memorial of George
0. Bishop and J. D. Loomsbury, engaged in the
manufacture of wool, praying a revision of the re-
venue laws; which was referred to the Committee
on Manufacture .
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of certain companies of Missouri volunteers, re-
ported the same without amendment.
The following resolution submitted by Mr. Clay
of Alabama yesterday, was taken up and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for a stereotype edition of the laws
of the United States, to embrace all laws of a
general nature.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr.
Henderson was considered and adopted.
The bill for the relief of certain persons therein
named, was taken up on its third reading, and after
the title was amended, was read a third time, and
passed.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The bill for the relief of Thomas H. Owen and
John W. Skidmore and others, was taken up as in
Committee of the Whole; and after some remarks
by Messrs. ROBINSON, YQÜNG, and TAPPAN,,
was ordered to be laid on the table.
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL
Was then taken up, and Mr. BUCHANAN
spoke atgieat length, and with much ability, in
defence of the bill, and in reply to Mr. CLAY,
who rejoined; and after some further remarks from
Messrs. BUCHANAN, CLAY of Kentucky, and
WALKER,                                             "
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON,
The Senate adjourned.
BOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednisdat, January 29,1840.
The question before the House was the proposi- I
tion of Mr. Thompson of South Carolina to amend
the rules, by the addition of the following:
Resolved, That, upon the presentation of any me-
morial or petition praying for the abolition of sla-
very or the slave trade in any District, Territory,
or State of the Union, and upon the presentation of
any resolu ion, or other paper touching that sub-
ject, the reception of such memorial, petition, reso-
lution, or paper, shall be considered as objected to,
and the question of it  reception shall be laid on the
table, without debate or further action thereon.
And the proposition of Mr. Adams, as a substi-
tute for the above, in the following words:
Resolved, That the following be added to the
standing rules of this House, to be numbered the
21st:
"Every petition presented by the Speaker, er by
any member, with a brief verbal statement of its
contents, shall be received, unless objection be
made to its reception for special reason; and when-
ever objection shall be made to the reception of a
petition, the name of the member objecting, and
the reason of the objection, shall be entered upon
the jeurnal. The question in every such case shall
be, shall the petition be rejected? and no petition
shall be rejected but by a majority of the members
present."
Mr. J. W. JONES, by the permission of Mr.
Adams, reported, from the Committee oí Ways
and Means, a bill making appropriations for the
support of the array for the year 1840; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. J. W. JONES also, by leave, introduced
detailed statements accompanying the bill; which
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. R. GARLAND inquired the nse of order-
ing any printing, or how it would be done.
. Mr. J. W. JONES said the object in having it
ordered now was, that so soon as the order was ta-
ken for having the printing done, or a printer elected,
it would be ready to hand over for immediate
execution.
Mr. J. said that the. public service indispensa-
bly required that the appropriation bills should be
considered before the ead of Match; and it was
impossible that the members could even inform
themselves of estimates and other matters
which they should know, if the printing of these
bills and estimates be not provided for; and
thought it high time that the House should go into
the consideration of soma bills, and, as a neces-
sary preparatory step to facilitate action on them,
he would offer a resolution providing /or the
printing, thereof.
Mr. J. then introduced his resolution proposing
to empower the Clerk to have the necessary print-
ing executed under the same cond.tiens as those of
the res lution of 1819.
Mr, R. GARLAND «aid he would not object U)
the resolution of the gentleman if he would so mo-
dify it as to authorize the Clerk to have it done
upjn the most moderate terms, and to apply only
to tlie bills and documents now necessary to be
printed.
. Mr. JONES said he was willing to modify his
resolution to make it apply only to the bills re-
ported, and statements accompanying.
¡Mr. R. GARLAND objeced, without ho would
consent to all the conditions., -
. Mr. JONES said it was rmeosaible, he believed,
to adapt any modification^ of his preposition to
meet all the objections of gentlemen; it' he acced-
ed to this, there were members ready to urge other*.
He had modified it so as to cover the ease of, present
necessity, to meet the views oí the gentleman fmea
Louisiana. He thought it better now to move a><
suspension of the rules.
Mr. BRIGGS suggested to Mr. Jones to effect
bis object, to have the necessary pricing executed,
that it would be better to move a reconsideration
of the vote ordering the printing of the bills, and
then so amend that motion as to authorize the
Clerk to have said bills and statements printed. It
would require a majority only to effect that object,
but would require a vote of two-thirds to suspend
the roles to eflfect the same purpose- Mr.  . con-
cluded by making the motion to reconsider.
Mr, R. GARLAND objected to any indirect
manner of appointing Printer. The re>olution
goes to give the Clerk the power to appoint that
officer, when it was the duty of the House to do so.
He was opposed to giving this power to the Clerk,
unless the modification suggested by him should
be adopted of giving it to those who would do it on
the best terms.
Mr. BRIGGS pressed his motion for reconside-
ration, but at the suggestion of
Mr. J. W. JONES that such motion would not
be in order,
Mr. BRIGGS withdrew it.
Mr. ADAMS was about proceeding in his re-
marks, but was appealed to by
Mr. SARGEANT, who wished to get the con-
sent of the House to report from the Committee on
the Judiciary a bill in amendment of the act for
taking the next census.
Mr. PETRIKIN objected. He had much of
the business of his constituents unattended to, and
would not consent to give any right to introduce
business from other sources, unless all were put on
the same footing.
Mr. ADAMS claimed the floor, and proceeded
in hw remarks, not with the view of discussing the t
subject of the petitions, or slavery, or slave trade in
any form, because it would occupy two much time;
but to show his objection to the proposition of the
gentleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Thompson,]
by which he said it wonld be impossible to know
what petiti ms to receive or what to reject. It was
impossible, he said, to keep this subject of slavery
from before the House, no matter what precaution
gentlemen adopted for that purpose. It would ne-
cessarily come upon other propositions than abo-
lition petitions. The subject of entering into com-
mercial relations with Hayti, would bring the whole
matter up for discussion. He charged the Southern
gentlemen, who introduced the resolutions to sup-
press these petitions with all the delay ot the public
business, and for the discussion now going on be-
fore the House. It was not by his instance
that this delay was caused, as had been
frequently been attributed to htm at previous ses-
sions. He did not believe that if there was a
proposition before them immediately to aboli-h
slavery In the District of Columbia, there would
be found ten to vote for it. He for one was
not prepared to go for if, as he had at the pre-
vious session stated, nor did he believe that h,3
friend from Vermont, [Mr. Slade,] Who had so
ably advocatfd the cause of human rights, was
prepared to vote for it; he took it for granted that
he was not from his remarks. He thought if gen-
tlemen wan ted to allay the agitation, they ought to
introduce such a proposition, and see what vote it
would get. Mr. A. then examined the character of
the different propositions before the House, some
of which were of such a nature, he said, as to sus-
pend the question of reception of these pet'tions
between the earth and heaven, or the earth and
another place.
He then compared the nature of the proposition
now before them with that of tnelast session. The
proposition of last year authorized the reception
of Abolition petitions, (at least the Speaker then so
decided,) but this goes much farther. It proposes to
make it a permanent rule of the House to operate
for two sessions, in effect that they shall not be
received. It was this proposition to which was
chargeable atl the discussion, and he hoped it
would not again be' laid at the doors of the Abo-
litionists; he hoped the day Would come when he
would be enabled'to-give-his views at length on <he
great- question involved, which he said would not
be o a petition for lie abolition cf.slavery in this.
Di&trict, out on a more important subject. He ad-
verted at the same time to the controversy going
on between four of the States of me Confederacy,
which.he said,werenow almost on the verge of a civil
war on this very question, of which the President
had not noticed, but which he thought he should
have brought before them. He charged gentlemen
not to quiet their fears, if they have any, by the
adoption «f such a resolution as proposed, tor h
they did, they would be waked from that slumber
by voices more potent than from  eua'**' ,£:'
cannot keep the question out of }* «"*• *£
bad already heard the merits of slavery defend i
