CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
Elliott; which was referred to the Committee on
C aims.
Mr. NORVELL presented the petition of John
Nantz; wriich was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affkiis.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented the memorial of E. L.
A. Ripley; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
citizens of (he city and county of Philadelphia,
praying an appropriation for a steam revenue cut-
ter for the Delaware bay; which was leí erred to the
Committee on Commerce.
On motion by Mr. PHELPS, the petition and
papers of John Caldwell, now on file, were referred
to the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEVIER, at the instance of the Delegate
from Wisconsin, presented the petition of Robert
Gngnon; which was referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the fifteenth an-
nual report on the Louisville and Portland Canal;
which was referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals.
Mr. STRANGE presented the petition of Lewis
Gordon; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUBBARD presented a memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of Wisconsin, asking for aid
to e.ect a penitentiary; which was referred to t* e
Committee on Finance, and ordersd to be printed.
Mr. NORVELL, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill creating an
additional land office in the State of Michigan,
aid for other purposes; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
John Whitehead and others, made an adverse re-
port thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUGGLES, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which was referred the peti'ion of Na-
thaniel Gunnison, made an adverse report thereon.
Mr. TAPPAN said he wished to make an in-
quiry of the chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, on a subject in which the
citizens of the District were greatly interested. He
would inquire whether that committee intended at
an early day to introduce a bill for the renewal of
the charters of the banks in the District.
Mr. MERRICK said that the committee had
not yet taken the subject tinder their consideration,
and, of course, he could not say what would be
their course, when they considered the subject.
Some of the banks had not yet applied for a re-
newal of their charters, and there were no memo-
rials from the citiz?ns of the District on the sub-
ject. It was, therefore, not probable that the com-
mittee would report a bill at an early day.
Mr. TAPPAN said that, under these circum-
stances, he would give notice, that at an early day,
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to regulate
the issue and circulation of bank paper in the Dis-
tr.ct of Colombia.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the bill for the relief of Henry
Jr. Pickering, reported the same without amend-
ment, and said that he was instructed by the Com-
mittee, when it came up under consideration, to
move its indefinite postponement.
Mr. MERRICK submitted the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the rales of the Senate be so mo-
dified as to admit on the floor of the Senate the
District Attorney of the United States for the Dis-
trict nt Columbia, and the Reporter for
preme Court.
THE INDEPENDENT TREASURY BI
' The following bill was takes up for consii
ration, the question being on its passage:
A BILL 10 provide for the collection, safe-keep i
transfer, and disbursement of the public revenue.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
stives of the Untied States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That, there shall be prepared and pro-
vided, within the new Treasury building now
erecting at the seat of Government, suitable and
convenient rooms for the use of the Treasurer of
the United States, his assistants and clerks; and
sufficient and secure fireproof vaults and safes,
for the keeping of the public moneys in the posses-
sion and under the immediate control of the said
Treasurer; which said rooms, vaults, and safes,
are hereby constituted and declared to be, the
Treasury of the United Slates. And the said
Treasurer of the United States shall beep all the
public moneys which shall come to bis hands ía
the Treasury of the United States, as hereby con-
stituted, until the same are drawn therefrom ac-
cording to law.
Sec. 2 And bt it further enacttd, That the Mint
of the United States, in the city of Philadelphia, in
the State of Pennsylvania, and the Branch Mint,
in the city of New Orleans, in the Slate of Louis-
iana, and the vaults andsafes thereof, respectively,
shall be places of deposite and safe keeping
of the public moneys al those points respectively;
and the Treasurer of the said Mint and Branch
Mint respectively, for the time being, shall have
the custody and care of all public moneys depos-
ited within the same, and shall perform all the
duties required to be performed by them,in refer-
ence to the receipt, safe keeping, transfer and dis-
bursements of all such moneys, according to the
provisions hereinafter contained.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That there shall
be prepared and provided, within the custora-
hoa'es now erecting in the city of New York, in
the Slate of New York, and in the city of Boston,
in the State of Massachusetts, suitable and con-
venient rooms for the use of the receivers-general
of public moneys, hereinafter directed to be ap-
pointed, at those places, respec'ively;and sufficient
and secure fireproof vaults and safes for the keeping
of the public moneys collected and deposited with
them, respectively; and receivers-general of public
money, from time to time, appointed at those
points, shall have the custody and care of ihe said
rooms, vaults, and safes, respectively, and of all
the public moneys deposited within the same; and
shall perform all the duti s required to be per-
formed by them, in reference to ihe receipt, safe
keeping, transfer, and disbursement of all such
moneys, according to the provisions of this act.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be erected, prepared, and provided, at the expensa
of the United States, at the city of Charleston, in
the State of South Carolina, and at the city of St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri, offices, with
suitable and convenient rooms for the use of the
receivers-general of public money hereinafter
directed to be appointed at the places above named;
and sufficient and secure fireproof vaults and safes
for the keeping of the public money collected and
deposited at those points respectively; and the said
receivers-general, from time lo time appointed at
those places, shall have the custody and care of
the said offices, vaults, and safes, so to be erected,
prepared, and provided, and of all the pubic
moneys deposited within the same; and shall per-
form all the duties required to be performed by
them, in reference to the recept, safe keeping,
transfer, and disbursement of all such moneys,
according to the provisions hereinafter contained.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
President shall nominate, and, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, appoint four
officers, to be denominated ' receivers-general of
public money," which said officers shall hold their
respective offices for the term of four years, unless
sooner removed therefrom; one of which shall be
located at the city of New York, in the State of
New York; one other of which shall be located
at the city of Boston, in the State of Massachusetts;
which shall be loca'ed at the city of
, in the State of South Carolina; and the
ining one of which shall be located at the city
. Louis, in the State of Missouri; and all of
which said officers shall give bonds to the United
States, with sureties, according to the provisions
hereinafter contained, for the faithful discharge of
the dut es of their respective offices.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
Treasurer of the United States, the Treasurer of
the Mint of the United State', the Treasurers and
those acting as such, of the various Branch Mints,
all collectors of the customs, all surveyors of the
customs acting also as collectors, all receivers-
general of public moneys, all receivers of public
moneys at the several land offices, and all post-
masters, except as is hereinafter particularly
provided, be, and they are hereby, requned to keep
safely, without loaning or using, all the pub ic
money collected by them, or otherwise at any tima
placed in their possession and custody, till the
same is ordered by the proper Department or
officer of the Government to be transferred or
paid out; and when such orJers for transfer or
payment are received, faithfully and promptly to
make the same as directed, and to do and perform
all other duties as fiscal agents of the Govern-
ment, which may be imposed by this or any other
acts of Congress, or by any regulation of the
Treasury Department, made in conformity to law;
and also todo and perform all acts and duties
required by law, or by direction of any of the
Executive Departments of the Government, as
agents for paying pensions, or for making any
other disbursements which either of the heads of
those Departments may be required by law to
make, and which are of a character to be made by
the depositaries hereby constituted, consistently
with the other official duties imposed upon them.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the
Tieasurer of the United States, the Treasurer of
the Mint of the United Slates, the Treasurer of the
Branch Mint at New Or eans, and the receivers-
general of pub!,c money hereinbefore directed to
be appointed, shall, respectively, give bonds to the
United States, in such form, and for such amount*,
as shall be directed by the Secretary of the
Treasury, by and with the advice and consent of
the President, with sureties to the satisfaction of
the Solicitor of the Treasury; and shall, from tima
to time, renew, strengthen, and increase their
official bonds, as the Secretary of the Treasury,
with the consent of the President, may direct; any
law in reference to any of the official bonds of any
of the said officers to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury, at as
early a dry as possible after the passage of this act,
to require from the several depositaries hereby
commuted, and whose official bonds are not
hereinbefore provided for, to execute bonds new
and su.table in their terms to, meet the new and
increased duties imposed upon them respectively
by this act, and with sureties, and in sums such
as shall seem reasonable and safe to the Solicitor
of the Treasury, and from t me to una to require
such bonds to be renewed and increased in amount
and strengthened by new sureties, to meet any
increasing responsibilny which may grow on* of
accumalat ons of money in the hands of the
depositary, or out of any other duty or responsibri-.
ity arising under this or any other law of Congress.
Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted. That all collec-
tors and receivers of public money, of every
character and description, within the District of
Columb a, shall, as frequently as they may be
directed by the Secretary of the Treasury, or the
Postmaster General, so tj do, pay over to the
Treasurer of ihe United State? at the Treasury-
thereof, all public moneys collected by them, or in
iheir hands; 'hat all such collectors and receiver 
of public moneys within the cities of Philadelphia,
and New Orleans, shall, upon the same direction,
pay over to the Treasurers of the Mints in their,
respective cities, at the said Mints, all poblie
moneys collected by them, or in their bands; and
that all such collectors and receivers of public
moneys within the cities of New York, Boston,
Charleston, and St. Louis, shall, opon the same,
direction, pay over lo the receivers-general' of
public money in their respective cities* at their
offices respectively, all the public moneys collected
by them, or in their hands, to be safely kepi D_f^J
said respective depositaries, until otherwise disposed
of according to law; and it shall be the duty ofJhft
said Secreary and Postmaster General to direct
such payments, by the said collectors and receivers,.,
at all the said places, at least as often as once m
each week, and as much more frequently, in nu
cases, as they, in their discretion, may think pro-
Tfco. 10. And k. further enacl¿ ™£**
be lawful for the (Secretary * *• Treasury to
