140
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
transfer the moneys in the hands of any depositary
hereby constituted, to the Treasury of the United
States; to the Mint at Philadelphia; to the Branch
Mint at New Orleans; or to the offices of either of
the receivers-general of pubLc moneys, by this act
directed to be appointed; to be there safely kept,
according to the provisions of this act; and also to
transfer moneys in the hands of any one depositary
constituted by this act to any other depositary
constituted by the same, at his discretion, and as
the safety of the public moneys, and the con-
venience of the public service shall seem to him
to require; which authority to transfer the moneys
belonging to the Post Office Department is also
hereby conferred upon the Postmaster General so
far as its exercise by him may be consistent with
the provisions oí existing Jaws; and every deposi-
tary constituted by this act shall keep his account
of the money paid to or deposited with him, be-
longing to the Post Office Department separate and
distinct from the account kept by him of other
pablic moneys so paid or deposited. And for the
purpose of payments on the public account, it shall
be lawful for the Treasurer of the United States to
draw upon any of the said depositaries, as he may
think most conducive to the public interests, or to
the convenience of the public creditors, or both.
Sic. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
moneys in the hand?, care, and custody, of any of
the depositaries constituted by this act, shall be
considered and held as deposited to the credit of
the Treasurer of the United States, and shall be, at
all times, subject to hi i draft, whether made for
transferor disbursement, in the same manner a*
though the said moneys were actaally in the
Treasury of the United States; and each depositary
shall make returns to the Treasury and Post Office
Department of all moneys received and paid by
him, at such times, and in such form, as shall be
directed by the Secretary ot> the Treasury, or the
Postmaster General.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall be, and he is
hereby, authorized to cause examinations to be
made of the books, accounts, and money on hand,
of the several depositaries constituted by this act;
and for that purpose to appoint special agents, as
occasion may require, with such compensation as
heaay think reasonable, to be fixed and declared
at the time of each appointment. The agents
selected to make these examinations shall be in-
structed to examiae as well the books, accounts,
ud retaras of the officer, as the money on hand,
and the manner of its being kept, to the end that
uniformity and accuracy in the accounts, as well
as safety to the public moneys, may be secured
(hereby.
Sac. 13. And be it further enaeted, That in addi-
tion u tha examinations provided for in the Jast
preceding section, and as a further guard over
the public moneys, it shall be the duty of eacn
naval officer and surveyor, as a check upon the
receiver-general of public moneys, or collector of
the customs, of their respective districts; of each
register of a land office, as a check upon the
receiver of his hnd office; and of the director and
superintendent of each Mint and Branch M nt
when seperate offices, as a check upon the
Treasurers, respectively, of the said Mints, or the
persons acting as such, at the close of each quarter
of the yrar, and as much more frequently as
they shall be directed by the Secretary of the
Treasury lo do so, to examine the books, accounts,
reravBs, and money on hand, of the rtceivers-
general of public money, col'ectors, receivers of
land office*, treasurers, and persons acting as
sue*, and to make a full, aeaurate, and faiihful
return to the Treasury Department of their
coortiiion.
Stick 14. Awl bt it further enacted, That the sa:d
officer* respectively who*e duty it is made by this
aei to receive, keep and disburse the public moneys
as-ths fiscal agents of tne Government, may be*
allowed «tiy necessary addit'onal   expenses for
clerk*, fireproof chests, or vaults, or t trier Deces-
sary expenses of safe keeping, transferring, and
disbursing said moneys; all such expens* s of every
character to be first expressly authorized  by the
BfuretMy of the Tretsury, whose directions upon
all the above subjects, by way of regnlat on and
otherwise, so far as authorized by law, are to be
strictly followed by all the said officers: Provided,
That the whole number of cletks to be appointed
by virtue of this section of this act, shall not
exceed ten, and that the aggregate compensations
of the who'e number shall not exceed eight
thousand dollars, nor shall the compensation of
any one clerk, so appoin'ed, exceed e:ght hundred
dollars per annum.
Sec. 15. And be it further enaeted, That the
Secretary of the Treasury shall, with as much
promptitude as the convenience of the public
business, and the safety of the public funds will
permit, withdraw the balances remaining with the
present depositaries of the public moneys, and
confine the safe keeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of those moneys lo the depositaries establish-
ed by this act.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted. That all
marsha's, district attorneys, and others, having
public money to pay to the United States, and all
patentees, wishing to make payment for patents
to be issued, may pay all such moneys to the
Treasurer of the United States, at the Treasury,
to the Treasurer of either of the Mints, in Philadel-
phia or New Orleans, to either of the receivers
general of public money, or to each o'her deposi-
tary constituted by this act as shall be designated
by the Secretary of the Trea&ury, in other parts of
the United State*, to receive such payments, and
give receipts or certificates of depasite therefor.
Sec. 17. And be it fur/her enacted, That all
officers charged by this act with the safe keeping,
transfer and disbursement of the pubic moneys,
others than these connected with the Post Office
Department, are hereby required to keep an accu-
rate entry of each sum received, and of the kind
of money in which it is received, and of each
payment or transfer, and of the kind of currency
in which it is made; and that if any one of the
sa'd officers or of those connected with the Post
Office Department, shall convert to his -own use;
in any way whatever, or shall use by way of
investment iu any kind of property or merchan-
dise, or shall loan, with or without interest, any
portion of the public moneys, intrusted to him
for safe keeping, disbursement, transfer or for any
other purpose, every such act shall be deemed and
adjudged to bean embezzlement of so much of the
said moneys as shall be thus taken, converted,
invested, used, or loaned, wh;ch is hereby declared
to be a felony, and any cflrer or agent of the
United States, and all persons adivsing or
participating in such act, being convicted thereof
before any court of ihe United States of competent
jurisdiction, shall be sentenced to imprisonment for
a term of not less than six months nor more than
five years, and to a fine equal to tha amount of the
money embezzled.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That until
the rooms, offices, vaults, and safes, directed by
the first four sections of this act to be constructed
and prepared for the use of the Treasurer of the
United States, the Treasurers of the Mints at
Philadelphia and New Orleans, and the receivers-
general of public money at New York, Boston,
Charleston, and St. Louis, can be constructed and
prepared for use, it shall be the duly of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to procure suitable rooms for
offices for those officers at their respective location ,
and to contract for such use of vaults and safes
as may be required for the safe keeping of the
public moneys in the charge and custody of those
officers respectively, the expense tb be paid by the
United States.
Sec 19. Andbe it further enacted, That from and
after the thirtieth day of June, which will be in the
year one thourand eight hundred and forty, the
resolution of Congress of the thirtieth day of April,
in the year one thousand eight hundred and sixteen,
so faras it authorizes the receipt in payment of
duties, faxes, sales of pubic lands, debts and sums
of money, accruing or becoming payable to the
United States, to be collected and paid m the notes
of specie paying banks, shall be so modified as that
one-fourth part of all such duties, taxes, sales of
public lands, debts, and sums of money accruing
or becoming; due to the United States, shall be
collected in the legal currency of the United States;
and from and after the thirtieth dayof June, which
will be in the year one thousand eight hundred and
forty-one, one other fourth part of all such duties,
taxes, sales of public lands, debs, and sums of
money, shall be so collected; and that from and
after the thirtieth day of June, which will be in the
year one thousand eight hundred and forty-two,
one other fourth part of all such duties, taxes,
sales ef public lands, debts, and sums of money,
shall be so collected; and that from and after the
thirtieth day of June, which will be in the year
one thousand eight hundred and forty-three, the
remaining fourth part of the said duties, taxes,
sales of public lands, debts and sums of money,
shall be alss collected in the legal currency of the
United Slates; and from and after the last men-
tioned day, all sums accruing, or becoming
payable to the United States, for duties, ta*es, sales
of public lands, or other debts, and also all sum?
due for postages, or otherwise, to the General Post
Office Department, shall be paid in gold and silver
only.                                                                       ,
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That, from and
after the thirtieth day of June, which will be in
the year one thousand eight hundred and forty-
three, every officer or agent engaged in making
disbursements on account of the Unitid States, or
of the General Post Office, shall make all pay-
ments in gold and silver coin only; and any re-
ceiving or disbursing officer, or agent, who shall
neg'ect, evade, or violate the provisions of this
and the last preceding section of this act, shall,
by Ihe Secretary of the Treasury, be immediately
reported to the President of the United States, with
the facts of such neglect, evasion, or violation,
and also to Congress, if in session, and, if not in
session, at the commencemeat of its session next
after the violation takes place.
Sec. 21. Andbe it further enacted, That no ex-
change of funds shall be made by any disbursing
officers, or agent*, of the Government, of any
grade or denomination whatsoever, or connected
with any branch of the public service, other than
an exchange for gold and silver; and every such dis-
bursing officer, when the means for his disburse-
ments are furnished to him in currency le-
gally receivable under the provisions of this
act, shall make his payments in the currency
so furnished, or when those means are furnished
to him in drafts, shall cause those drafts to be
presented at their place of payment and properly
paid according to the law, and shall make his pay-
ments in the currency so received for the drafts
furnished, unless, in either case, he can exchange
the means in his hands for gold and silver at par,
and so as to facilitate h s payments, or otherwise
accommodate the public service and promote the
circulation of a metallic currency: And it snail be,
and is hereby made, the dutyjol the head of tne prc-
per Department immediately to suspend from duty
any d sbursing officer who shall violate the provi-
sions of this section, and forthwith to report the
name of the officer, or agent, to the President, with
the fact of the violation and all the circumstances,
accompany ng the same and within the knowledge
of the said Secretary, to the end that such officer,"'
or agent, may be promptly removed from office, or
restored to his trust and the performance of his
duties, as to the President may seem just and
proper.
Sec. 22. Andbe it fnrther enacted, That it shall
not be lawful for the Secretary of the Treasury to
make or continue in force, any general order,
whic'i shall create any difference between the
different branches of revenue, as to the funds' or
medium of payment in which debts or dues accru-
ing to the United States may be paid.
Sec. 23. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue and publish regulations to enforce the speedy
presentation of all Government drafts for pay-
ment at the place where payable, and to prescribe
the time, according to the different distances of
the depositaries from the seat of Government,
within which all drafts upon them, respectively,
shall be presented for payment; and, in default of
such presentation, to direct any other mode and
plane pf payment which he may deem proper.
