Hi
. — *■......--------------------------
He congratulated the country now thai Virgin a
had ids Med upon the introduction of that clause
into the Constitution; not because he believed there
was an iota of force added to it. Mr. H did not
deny that that House had the inherent right to re-
ject such petitions as were offensive to the body,
but he believed that it was not authorized to reject
even tho e which were indecorous or m ultmg in
their character, without ass gning reasons on its
journal therefor. Mr. H. did not think he could
add any s'reng h to what had alieidy been said as
to this right, but he would say to the Nor h and to
the South, permit the debate to go on—let every
man on that floor express his individual sentiments
—give the question a fair and full discusión, and
the country would lose nothing by it ultimately.
An attempt had been already made to st fle debate,
bat was prevented by one vote tnly, for which re-
sult he was thankful, because he believed the ques-
tion was paramount in interest to all others.
The House had done, in «pi'e of itself, an act of
justice by refusing the previous quts'ion; it had af-
forded the gentleman from Massachusetts, ndothers,
an opportunity to put themselves right before the
country. If nothing else had been gained, it was
worth ihe time and expense which it had incurred
to do just ce to that gentleman, [Mr. Adams J
Upon this question (he said) the North m ght be
reasoned wuh, but could not be driven. It pos-
sessed too much of the Anglo-Saxon blood. The
North, when but a child in its swaddling clothes,
had so told old Mother England when she disre-
garded the sacred right oí petition, and en-
deavored to spurn Ihe r prayers for a redress of
grievances. The question had been discassed
in many of the leading joorna/s as a party ques-
tion. He denied that it was—or that it could be—it
was of too grave and íuipor ant a nature to be dan-
dled with by party. He then went into a history
of how far the attempt had been made to make it
a party question, and contended that tiere were
men of both parties belonging to the Abolitionists.
Mr. H. then referred to the opinions of promi-
nent men from Virginia upon ihe subject, to show
that Congress had some power over the quesiion,
and particularly to John Randolph, who, he said,
had introduc d a resolution denouncing the traffic
in slaves in this District as most inhuman,
and proprsed the appointment of a. committee to
inquire into the subject, which was passed stti
nlentto.
Mr. H. referred to the influence which the lite-
rature of the present day was exercising over this
subject. It was a tremendous influence—such that
the House could not longer delay to not c*. The
American nation is denimnced in thes'avery publi-
cations throughout the civilized world, for peimu-
ting the existence of the institution of slavery
among us; and he thought it, therefore, no time to
blink the question. It was tetter to meet it now,
than ierer it to their pos'er.ty.
Mr. H. believed, but lor the interference o
bar-rcoai po itcians in exciting prejudices again?
the abolition snciet e\ Delaware, Maryland, and
Virginia, would, before many years, have ceased to
be slave Mates, but this has thrown them bark.
Mr. H. thought the best remedy to get nd of
the growing and pressing evil of this quest on on
the Government, would b¿ to have free di'cu-sion,
leave truth free to combat error, to let every gentle-
man come up and test fy fully. He, lor one,
woald be willing to refer the who e subjret untram-
melled to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Adams,] and, his head for it, he would, in ¡ess than
two weekt put the subject lo re->f. Gire to h s
constituents reasons why the subject of slavery
should not be totched—tteit th*m fairly—not
tinker with the question for paVty purposes—meet
it like men, was all that was wanted. He believed
sincerely that the pea of that gentleman, by way of
report, would settle the question of Abolition for-
ever.
It had been said that the subject had already
been referred and reported upon, without having
any effect in allaying the exci ement upon this
question. The repoit of Mr. PjncJrney m 1836,
had been referred to as evidence. He knew
something of the history of that report. That com-
mittee wac gagged with instructions which went to
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
wh tewash the question, and hoodwink the Amei '*
can people. It was, in fact, a fraud upon the
right of peh ton. Mr. H could not himself vote
for the resolutions of that committee, and was pre-
vented from so amending ib/m as to enab'e him to
do so, but was gagged by the previous question.
Because he would not vote for those re olutions,
under the circumstances, he had been denounced
as an Abolitionist by the official organ. Mr. H.
did not believe the North had any right to interfere
with the question of domestic slavery; and he did
not blame Maryland and Virginia—the Slates
that ceded this DistriC—because they had
told the North they had no right to interfere.
They had done as he would have done. He was
opposed to aay interference until these ceding States
make the first movement for the abolition of slave-
ry. He believed sincerely that Ihe ceding Slates
had been driven bact fifty years on tbe question
of emancipation, in consequence of Me imprudence
of a portion of the Nonh ; and as an presen tative,
in part, of the Empire S ate, and of the North, he
would never vote for the abolition of slavery in
the District of Co utnbia without the consent of
those Su>ies     Mr. H. conclued at 3 o'clock.
Mr. BYNUM rose and claimed the floor, which,
having been awarded to him by the Speaker,
Mr. HABERSHAM, who rose nearly at the
same time, claimed that he had priority. He
thought (he sail) it was the rule of th« House
that when two members rose together, the one
who rose from his seat had the preference to the
floor over him who rose in the aisle. Now, be
was under ihe impression that the gentleman from
North Carolina rose from the aisle; and as he (Mr.
H) had been two months here without havirg
been able to get the floor once, he hoped it would
now be awarded to him.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Geor-
gn was mistaken. The gentleman from North
Carolina [Mr. Bvnüm] rose from his seat, and his
voice was first heard by the Chair. He was,
therefore, entitled to the floor.
M/. BYNUM ad'ressed the House at some
length, <n a very e'oquent speech, in which he laid
open the designs of the Aro'it onists, and those who
supported them in that House. He had been op-
posed, he caid, to the character of this debate from
the commencement, and in its incipient s eps he
made an effort to prevent what had since taken
place; but that effort was discountenanced and
censured fiom a quarter that he least expected. It
appeared that there «a* a party m the House dé-
te m n«d to enter into this discuss on and to carry
it on, notwithstanding the corsequent delay of the
public business and the injury it would occasion;
and, so far as his humble opinion went, it had been
earned on mu<ih to the prejudice of one section rf
the country, and entirely to toe prejudice of the
party bv whom it was encouraged. No man who
was not blind to the scenes that were passing artund
h m but must believe that this was ihe most momen-
tous question that ever agitated the eonntry. He be-
lieved s nrerely that this was the very question—the
very rock on wh ch ourglcru us vrs>el of State was
in danger of peruhmg. No gent'eman who wss
po  e?<el of the most ordinary comprehension with
respect to what was pass ng here, and uhit was
going on abroad, but had seen that consequences
must result from the continued agitation of this
subject, which would shake the very foundations
of our Government. Mr. B continued, drawing
a vivid picture of the dangers to be apprehended
from the designs of the Abolitionist , and showing
how these Northern gentlemen who claimed to be
so friendly to the South, and who professed to op-
pose any interference with its internal concerns,
eave their support and countenance on that floor.
Under color of supporting the sacr d right of peti-
tion, they encouraged the introduction into the
House of ir.cendia'y papers, ca'culared to operate
with peculiar mischief in a certain quarte*; even
their very *p°eches, professedly mfnded enly io
advocate that implied privilege, wercalculated to
produce the same results
Mr. B after showing that this right of petition,
mthin the meaning of the Const.tution, had no re-
lation to Abolition petitions; and that no one on
that floor bad ever attempted to imifere with its
-*+>-
■yt i it n rft -~s
exercise, observed that there was something abhor
rent in the whole proceedings in relation to this
subject.   If, said  he, these gentlemen were not
Abolitionists, they were drumming up recruits for
them—if they did not mean to fight their battles,
they were enlisting so'diers for them.   If you look
at the right of petition, said he, as guarantied
in the Constitution, it refers exclusively to a re-
dress of grievances, and what gr evances had these
Abolitionists to ielress? Was slavery in the South-
ern States a grievance of their ?   But it was said
their tender consciences were aggrieved, and they
felt themselves, under a solemn sense of religious
duty, bound to interfere.   If it was a religious ob-
ligation, as well might their tender consc enees be
aggrieved because in the State he came from the
sect of Methodists was more numerous than that of
the Presbyterians.   These gentlemen talked much
about liberty and universal emancipation. He would
ask them if they had ever yet considered what was
the spec es of liberty enjoyed by this country. Was
it not a constitutional liberty'!   Theie was no other
liberty, he said, in the country.   But these gentle-
men said that those who ref resen'eJ ihs States most
interested, were unnecessarily alarmed, that they
suffered themselves to be too much excited on the
subject.   Why not, say they, let these petitions be
nferred and reported on; why not come op cooly
and discuss this question1*   Ti is was the languasie
held out by Northern gentlemen of a certain pa ty
in that House    The«e gentlemen could, no doubt,
speak such language with great freedom.   What
had   they at stake in  this momentous quest O.?
Weie their wives, or their children, or their fire-
sides   in danger?     Had   they   at  stake   every
thing that was dear to man?   And }et they would
tell Southern gentlemen, who had not only all
these, but their personal security at stake, "You
ought not to feel excitement on this subject; we will
take care of yon."    But, said the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.we do not mean to do you any injury.
You gentlemen of the South do not umlers'and your
own interests as well as we do.   Just let us take
them and manage them for you.   You are an ig-
norant set of men, and do not know what is for
your own good    We do not intend to abolish s'a-
very in the District of Columb a, at least until we
are prepared to do so; but all we want is for you
to receive our petitions, and gcknowledge that we
have ike rght to regulate your affairs.   This wrs
not th" exact language of the gentleman, it was
true, but it was very much like what it amounted
to.   While endeavoring to coax up Southern men
in thi* way,  they put fo th  language which was
suffic ent to rouse every slave in the nation to mur-
der and assassination    Gent'emen professed the ut-
most horror of being ^u-pec ted of any such desgns;
but when they put the argument m the mouth of
the igno ant slave, to ja«t if murder and a^sass'na-
tton, who was most to blame, the assasstn or the in-
stigator?   Mr. B. after continuing for some t me,
gave way to
Mr. TURNEY, who moved an adjournment.
Mr. BLACK asked the courtesy of the gentle-
man to allow him to offer a resolution to authorise
Ihe Clerk to tmp'oy a p inter.   The public busi-
ness (Mr. B. said) was suffering for the want of
printing that ought to be done; and n offering this
resolu'ion, he would observe that it was precisely
the same as that mtroductd by his co'league, [Mr
Dawson ]
Mr. LKWIS WILLIAMS anl others objected.
Mr. BLACK said  he had the permission of
the gentleman, who was entitled to thp floor, to
offer th s resolution, and he wou'd submit it to the
Chair whether it was in order for him to do so
As certain of the delegation from Georgia hrd
been denounced in advance, in a paper in that
State, for a supposed m'en'ion to vote for Blair
and Rives as Printers, he had endeavored to brwe
himcelf up to the posmon occupied by his friend and
colleague, [Mr Dawson,] who,as he was a very rau-
tioos man, and always in the line of safe precedent?
most m this instance at least be supposed to be eood
authority     The resolution, Mr. B said, was pre-
cisely in the words of that off, red m the early part
oi the sessu n by his colleague
Mr HOFFMAN asked to be permitted to offer
a resolution to continue w Mistence for ten days
