CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i 4$
longer the rale  of the House—the time for which
they had betn adopted, having expired to-day.
Mr. BLACK said, if any resolution was in or-
der, h s roust have priority, and as it was necessa-
ry for the despatch of ihe public business he hoped
the House would receive it.
Mr. B's resolution was then read for the infor-
mation of the Honse, as follows:
Ruohtd, That the Clerk be instructed and au-
thorised to employ some suitable peson or persons
to exe;ute the necessary printing of this Honse, in
the manner prescribed by the ji int resolution of
1819, until the further order of th s House.
Mr. TURNEY then renewed his motion for ad-
journment, Mr. BYNUM retaining the four for
to-morrow, when
Mr. WILLIAMS of Kentucky called frr the
yeas and nays, wh ch, having been ordered, the
question was taken, and rejuled—yeas 98, nays
52; so
The Hoase adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, January 24, 1840.
The Hon. DANIEL STURGEON, elected
by the Legislature of the State ,of Pennsyl-
vania a Senator from that State, for six years, from
the 4th of March, 1839, appeared, was qualifieJ,
and took his seat in the Senate.
The CHAIR submitted a report from the Cdoi-
m'^sioner of Patents, showing the operations of
his office during the year 1839; which was referred
to the Commute on Patents and the Patent Office,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
a number of citizens of the State of Pennsylvania,
asking Congress to impose a moderate duty upon
the importation of silk.
In presenting this memorial, Mr. B. said that he
would take the liberty of making a few brief re-
marks. The moras multicaulis speculation had
pas*d away; but, enlike other speculations, it had
produced consequences which were destined, at no
distant day, to promote essentially the prosperity
of the country. The culture and manufacture of
silk were now naturalized amongst us, and mrst,
ere long, in a considerable degree, serve to reduce
the amount of those extravagant importations
which were so injurious to the best intererts of the
country. In the year 1836, silks had been im-
ported to the value of nearly $23,000,000, and in
1837 the amount was more than ¿14,000.000. In
the general reducton of imports in 1838, their
value bad sunk to $10,000,000; but the ex-
pansion of 1839 had doubtless considerably in-
creased the amoun*, although he had no informa-
tion in his possession which enabled him to state
precisely to what degree. It was: an astonishing
fact, that during the three years of 1836, 1F37, and
1838, we had imported considerably more than
three times a greater amount in value of silks than
we had exported in flour.
Mr. B. said he had not the least doubt, that be-
fore the close of the present session, we thould be
compelled to raise additional revenue to meet the
necessary expenditures of the Government. And,
he asked, was tbere a single article imported into
the country, upon which a duty could be imposed
with greater propriety than upon silks? Silk goods
were anieles not of necessity, but of luxury; and
by far the larger proportion of the tax would be
paid by the wealthy. Whilst it would be imposed
for the purpose of revenue alone, it would afford
incidental encouragement to the domestic produc-
tion of this article; and there was no anti-tariff Se-
nator within bis knowledge, who would object to
such a consequential benefit to so important a do-
mestic interest. A duty upon the importation of
silks would not violate, but was in accordance both
with the letter and spirit of the compromise act of
March, 1833. This act expressly prov.ded, that in
the contingency of a deficiency of revenue, duties
might be imposed, not exceeding twenty per cent.
upon such anieles a« either paid no duiy, or a less
amount of duty than twenty per cnt. It was
known to the Senate that, under our existing laws,
silks were admitted free of duty. In his opinion,
it would be much wiser to raise a revenue upon the
wportation of silks, than to create a dtbt against
the country, either by the issue of Treasury notes,
or by borrowing money.
Mr. B. said that we had no treaty with any
foreign nation which would prevent Congress from
imposing any duty they might think proper on the
importion of silks. He had heard it stated in con-
versation, that our treaty with France might stand
in the way; but he had examined this treaty, and
found it had no application whatever to the sub-
ject.
He knew that, under the Constitution of the
United States, all bills for raising revenue must
originate in the House of Representatives; but the
Senate might propose such amendments to lhese
bills as they thought proper. Notwith«tand ng this
prohibition, he hoped that the Committee on Fi-
nance of the Senate might have an opportunity of
constitutionally expressing their opinion on this
subject before the close of the session; and to their
hands he committed it with the most perfect confi-
dence.
The memorial was then refeired to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
On mo'ion by Mr. LINN, it wss ordered that
John Perry have leave to withdraw his petition and
papers.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, it was ordered that
the petiiion of Richard Elliot, on the files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KING presented the memorial of the Legis-
lative Assembly of th? Territory of Wisconsin,
praying appropriation for harbors and a light-house
on Lake Michigan; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from citizens
of Illinois, in rela'ion to the land's gran'ed to the
Polish exiles; which was referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to which was referred the petition of George
Whitman, made an adverse report thereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. from the same commi.tee, to which the
subjec's were referred, reported
A bill for the relief of David Stone; and
A bill for the relief of John J. Mackintosh;
which were severally read, and ordered to a s cond
reading.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which had been referred the petitions of Edward-
Finning and of Isaac Colyer, made adverse ••<.>-
pons thereon.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee en the
Public Lands, to which was referred a bill to cre-
ate an additional land office in the State of Michi-
gan, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, to which was referred
the memorial of the General Assembly of Alaba-
ma, praying the creation of a new Ian I district in
that Sta'e, asked that it might be pr,nted, to accom-
pany Senate bill No. 13, already repot t-:d on ihat
subject; which was agreed to.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred a bill to revive
the act entitled "An act to enable claimants to land
within the limits of Mirsouri and the Territory r f
Arkansas to institute proceed ngs ti try the vali-
dity of their claims, &c."reported the same with an
amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to which Was referred a bill for the relief
of Richard Robertson, r ported it without amend-
ment, and recommendsd its indefinite postpone-
ment.
The bill for the relief of Samuel R. Slaymaker;
The bill to confirm the title to a certain tract of
land in the county of Mobile; were severally con-
sidered, as in Commi'tee of the Whrl?, and or-
dered to be engrossed for a thrd leading.
The bill to establ sh a Board of Commissioners,
to hear and examine claims against the United
States, was taken up, and, after hivine been de-
bated by Messrs. HUBBARD, CALHOUN, TAP-
PAN, SMITH, of Connecticut, MERRICK,
GRUNDY, SEVIER PRENTISS, STRANGE,
DAVIS, and HENDERSON, was postponed, and
mad  the order of the day for Monday next.
The Senate then went into the consideration of
Executive business ; after which it
Adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Fbiday, January 24, 1840.
The question before the House was the proposi-
tion of Mr. Thompson of South Carolina to amend
the ru'es, by the add tion of the following:
Resolved, That, upon the presentation of any
memorial or petition praying for the abolition of
slavery or the slave trade in any District, Ter-
ritory, or Sate of the Union, and upon the pre«
sentaiion of any resolution, or other paper touch-
ing that subject, the reception of such memorial,
petition, resolution, or paper, shall be considered
as objected to, and the guest ton of its reception shall
be laid on the tab'e, without debate or further action
thereon.
And the proposition of Mr. Adams, as a substi-
tute for the above, in the following word>:
Resolved, That the following be added to the
standing rules of this House, to be numbered the
21st:
" Every petition presented by the Speaker, or by
any member, with a brief verbal statement of its
contents, shall be received, unless objection be
made to its recptioa for special reason; and when-
ever objection shall be made to the reception of a
petition, the name of the member objecting, and
' the reason of the objection, shall be entered upon
the journal. The question in every such case shall
be, shall the petition be rejected? and no petition
shall be rejected but by a majority of the members
present."
Mr. BYNUM was entitled to the floor on the
above question.
Mr. HOFFMAN rose for the purpose of mak-
ing a motion that the rules, as amended, te adopted
until otherwise ordered.
The CHAIR sad the motion would not be in
order until the gentleman from North Carolina
gave way for that purpose.
Mr. BYNUM said he would not, certainly, re-
fuse permission to any gentleman to submit a mo-
tion which would operate for the convenience of
the House, if it be the general understanding that
he should take the floor afterwards.
Mr. HOFFMAN then submitted his motion to
adopt the amended rules until otherwise ordered.
Mr. HAND offered an amendment, proposing
the adoption of the rales, with the exception of
tho«e authorizing the previous question.
Mr. HOFFMAN said he had not yielded the
floor, and moved the previous question on his pro-
position.
Mr. HAND. We have no rules, and therefore
no previous question ran be moved. My obj«ct
is to cut off that question, which so cften embar-
rasses the bus'mss of the House.
The CHAIR said the previous question was
known to the pail arr.er.tary law; and
A'ter some f uriht-r cenver.-ation, the mo'ion for
the previous question was enteitained and seconded,
aid ihe main question ordered to be put.
The question oi the adopion of the ru'e% as
amende I, wss then put, and decided in the af-
firmative.
Mr. BOTTS said, by the cour'esy of the gentle-
man from North Carolina, he rose to make a brief
explanation, without comment, in regard to a news-
paper report.
Cries of "No! No!"
Mr. B. was permitted to proceed. He said it
was a cus'om in that House, one which he sh u'd
not thin undertake to discuss the prop iety of, for
gemlemen to eoící the numerous statements
wh ch appear in the various public prints, which
misrepresent thrm; and he would now call the
attention of the Speaker and the House to a let er
which was placed in his hand, and which ap-
pearel to have teen writ en by the letter-writer of
the Charleston Mercury. He did not know who
this 'etier-writer was, but he would read the letter,
which was as follows:
"In the House, Mr. Borre attempted <o get up
another pistol affair, in consequence of re™alls
made yesterday by Mr. Smith of Mame Mr. B.
in his speech of Thursday, was very liberal of h 
