144
abose on Andrew Jackson—called him a tyrant,
impostor, and of conrse every thing else vile and
villainous. Mr. Smith, in his reply ye ter-
day, stated that history would give the lie
to the opprobriam which had been heaped
upon the Hero of New Orlean*, and that
bis memory would li<re when his abusers
and their abuse should be forgotten, &c. To the
remark about history, Mr. Botts took exception,
and expressed a great deal of uneasiness to know
whether it was used in a perianal sense, and inti-
mated that if it was so intended, dagger?, pistols,
and bowie knives would be the consequence. To
this threat Mr. Smith, (who, by the way, is a jolly
rood humored wag, and the the largest man ia the
House, save Mr. Lewis,) replied that he meant as
usual all iha' he said, and that if the gentleman
lacked a quantum svfficit of that scarce commodity,
common sense, to understand words, he really could
not at this time waste the money of the people, by
giving the chivalrous member frum Virginia an
opportunity of exterminating him, or vice versa.
With this explanation, Mr. Botts seemed satisfied,
and said a few words about 'whatsoever' insult
was intended, not being applicable to him, &c. and
took his seat, much mon fieJ at the laughter at
which the conclusion of this trag:c farce was re-
vived by the au'ience."
Mr. E. said he had no motion to submit on the
subject; but he submi ted to the Chair, and to every
gentleman on t..at floor, if th y did not recógese
this letter as a base fabrication from begin-
ning to end; and he submit ed it to the House, if it
did not become their dignity, if privi'eged sea's be
given by them, that ihey should, at /east, not be
given to blackguard letter-writers, to misrepresent
what tabes pl<ice there. He understood that they
w«re admitted as reporters of facts and pn c ed-
ings, and not as letter-writers, to misrepresent what
ac ually occurs.
Mr. PETRIKIN gave notice that he would ask
leave, on Tuesday next, cr the first day that it
would be in order to do so, to repott a bill tp re-
peal an act to relieve fiom doty, iron prepared for,
and ac.'ually laid on, railways or inclined planes,
approved 14th July, 1832, and to graduate the
duty to be pa'd on such iron hereafter impcrted
from foreign countries.
Mr. KE1M rose for the purpose of offering a pe-
tition of high privilege, as it goes to the very orga-
nization of the House. It is a petition from Charles
J. Ingersoll, claiming a seat upon this floor as the
Representative of the people of the Third Congres-
sional district of Pennsylvania He trusted that
the importance of this subject would be acknow-
ledged, and hoped he might b  permitted to send it
to the Clerk's desk, and have it read.
Objection was made by Mr. R. GARLAND.
Mr. RAMSAY said the gentleman the other day
had objected to the leception of the petition which
he presented from the citizens of the Third Con-
gressional district on this subject, on the ground
that they had nothing to do with the question; and
at the same lime said if it were a petition from Mr.
Ingersoll, he would not have objected. Mr, R.
said this petition was from that gentleman himself;
whereupon,
Mr. R. GARLAND withdrew his objection, and
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL, of South Caro-
lina, was, without being read, referred to the Com-
mit ee of E'e-tics.
Mr. CAMPBELL, of South Carolina, said, be-
fore proceedirg to the regular business, he would
move that the Committee of Elections be permit-
ted to sit during ihe sittings of the Hcuse; which
motion was agrped to.
Mr. J. W. JONES, chairman of the Committee
if Ways and Means, by permission, reporttd fiom
said commiitee a bill making appropriations for
the naval service for the j ear 1840; which was
twice read, and, on his motion, referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the State of the Union,
and ordered to be printer1.
Mr. BELL presented sundry depositions in re-
lation to the New Jersey contested election; which
were, on his motion, referred to ths Commiitee of
Elections.
Mr. RAMSAY tirade another effort to present
the petition from the citizens of the Third Con-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gressional di'trict of Pennsylvania, in relation to
ihe contested seat of Mr. Nailoh; but was ob-
jected to.
Mr. SARGEANT made an effort to report a
bill from the Judiciary Committee, proposing to
correct certain errors in the census law of last
year; but it was a'so objected to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, asked permission to
make a report from the Committee on Territories,
in relation to the difficulties existing between the
fíate of Missouri and the Territory of Iowa.
The difficulties had been te«porarily settled there,
but it was believed they would come to hostilities
yet, in consequence of the Governor of Missouri
having refused to abide by the agreement entered
into by the citizens of the two counties disputing.
He thought that report would allay all excite-
ment.
Mr. HUBBARD taid he objected to its recep-
tion, because there was a war g>ing oo in that
House between the Abolitionis's and the people of
the South, and until that was settled, he would not
consent to anv mation of the kind.
Mr BYJNUM proceeded in his remarks. He
referred to the extraordinary remarks of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams,] a few
days ago, and those of Mr. Hunt on yesterday,
disclaiming ihat th y were Abolitionists and en-
deavoring to rid themselves and the Whig party
of the odium of being identified with the Abolition
party. The latter pentleman, particularly, had
asserted that some of the leading men of ihe De-
mocratic party were also identified with the cause
of Abolition. That g'n'leman had allude! to the
case ot Gerrit Smith, of New York, who (he said)
was nominated by some of the Democratic party
at Albany for the United States Senate. Mr. B.
was proceeding to make an explanation to show
that this nom'nation was not a nominaion by the
Democratic party, but was an individual move-
ment, more in burlesque than in seriousness, when
Mr. FILLMORE said he did not understand hn
colleague [Mr. Hunt] as saying that Mr. Smith
had been put in nomination by the Democratic
party. He understood him as sayicg that he had
been put in nomination by a member from the
county of Otsego, (who had been run as Speaker
by that party,) and that that gentlemen had
moved that the name of Gerrit Smith be inserted
in the b 11 as a proper person to be supported for
United States Senator.
Mr. PRENTISS, by the perm'ssion of Mr. B.
made the ft llowing explanation of ths case
referred to above. Mr. P. said Mr. Hunt, of
NrW York, in his remarks of ye&lerday, re-
ferred to the fact that Mr. Levi S. Chatfidd,
who represents the county of Otsego, in the
Assembly of that State, had moved to insert
the name of Gerrit Smith, a leading Abolitionist,
in a bill appointing a United States Senator, and
spoke of it asan evidence that the Democrats of
the North favored that interest, Mr. Chaifield be-
ing, hesaid, a prominent member ofihat party,
and iis candidal for Speaker of ihe body of which
he is a member.
Mr.  P.  askod  leave   to say m word in   re-
ply to the imputation upon Mr. Chatfield of be-
ing an Abolitionist.    He said that Mr. C. was one
of his constluenfs, and  that ihe gent'eman from
New York, [Mr. Hont] had spoken truly when he
pronounced him to be a man of talents and influ- I!
ence.   Mr. P. knew him  well, and could assure ,
the House that he was a Democrat; and one, too,   Í
who had been a uniform opponent of Abolition-
ism, not only in  the county of Otsgo, but in the
Legislative   Hall of his   State,   where the De-
mocra's  had sent him for the last two years to
look after their interests.    In the pielimim'ary ac-
tion of the Assembly on the ques ion of appointing
a Senator, Mr. Chatfield having been called on to
nominate a candidate, name! Eben. B. Morehouse,
who is a resident of the same town where my home
is, and who has, on every suitable occasion, repu-
diated abolition doctrines and sentiments; but in
the further progress of the ques ion, a bill was in-
troduced for consummating the  appointment, and   i
Mr. C. finding that the Whigs were determined
that no other name  but that of Nathaniel P. Tall- ¡
madge should be inserted in it, and after the names !
of Albert H. Troy and Addison Gardner, two dis-
tinguished gentlemen of opposite politics had been
rejected, moved that of Gerrit Smith, as a sort of
burlesque upon the whole proceeding, which was
carried on in such "hot haste  as to break over
all the rules of legislation, the majority even re-
fusing to print the bill which solemnized the mar-
riage banns between Whigery and Conservatism.
Mr. BYNUM then examined the arguments in
support of the right of petition by the gentlemen
who had preceded him, to which he dissented.
He then went over the whole field of constitu-
tional rights involved in this question, and presented
many new views; and then adverted to that portion
of the speech of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Adams,] in which he had spoken of the
tremendous influence the English literature was
exerting over the question of slavery throughout
the civilized world; and advened to the remarks of
Mr. Hunt, as to the denunciations which were be-
ing heaped upon America by foreign periodicals for
petmitting the instiiution of slavery to exist. He
denounced, in the warmest terms, the course of
argument thus pursued, and the reference to the
opinions of British serfs, by those gentlemen, for
the purpose of operating on our own liberal insti-
i   tutions.
|      Mr. B. then referred to the report of Mr. Pinck-
i nev in 1836, and the effort made by Ihe Whig party
and Abolitionists to s'ifle thai report. By refe-
rence to the yeas and nays, he proved tlat they
identified themselves with the Abolitionists, and
voted with them against the resolutions accompa-
nying that report. These resolutions declared that
Congress possessed no constitutional authority to
interfere with slavery in the States or District of
Columbia, and proposed to receive and lay all pe-
titions on that subject on ths table, without being
read or debated. These resolutions had even been
denounced in the South as Northern resolutions,
because ihey admitted the reception of Abolition
petitions, while they were universally denounced
by the Abolition presses of the North as interfering
with the sacred right of petition.
The powerful arguments of that report, he said,
|   had not produced the effect to allay the exci'ement;
I it had not given quiet to the Abolitionists, but, on
the contrary, had only increased their strength.
Mr. B. then alluded to the report of Mr. Calhoun
on incendiary publications; and the bill which had
accomptnied that repert for their suppression,
which he said passed that body by the casting vote
of Mr. Van Buren, then Vice President. No one,
be said, could doubt the talent of Mr. Calhoun,
the author of that repoit.   Yet the powerful argu-
1  mentscontained in it di 1 not satiífy the Aboliijnnis s.
i  They of the North want argument, said the gen-
I   tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Adams ]   Th'y
1 want to reason, to talk with us, &c. Mr. B.
would inquire of them if the speech of Mr. Clay,
in the Senate of the United States, was not one
i fraught with the most powerful argumens against
the prayers of the Abolitionists? That speech,
powerful as it was, did not satisfy or qjiet them;
but, on the contrary, only excited them to renewed
exertions. He believed the very able arguments
of that speech sealed the fate of Mr. Clay with the
Abolitionis's, and deprived him*of the nomination
for which he had been so long aspiring.
Mr. B. then read from the Emancipator the em-
ulation of the Abolitionists at the nomination of
Gen. Harri-on for the Presidency and at the defeat
of Mr. Clay, in jusificaion of ihe above opinion.
Mr. B. believed when grntlemen fiom the North
asserted on tint floor that all the Abolitionists
wanted to satisfy them was argument, that they
knew it was without foundation. They do not
want argument—hey want their prayers grant-
ed—they know the feelings of that House
towards them; yet they flood us with their petitions
and it is all stuff to attempt to satisfy them If
the House ¡-hould determine to receive and discus
these pennons every year, it wonld be impossible
eventually to do any of ihe pnbl.c business of the
country.
Mr. B. then examined into the h:story c f the pro-
ceedings of the House  l previous sessions, on
proposmons connected with this subject, for the
purpose of pioviog that a|) those who aided and
