>   L.
146.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
man from Pennsylvania to put the words used by
the gentleman from New York, and 10 which he
objected, into writing......
Mr. PETRI KIN declined doing so, when
The SPEAKER said the resolution, then, was
oat of order-
Mr. PECK hoped the House would indulge him
in saying one word. He had risen, not for the pur*
dose of saying any thing in relation to the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Petbj-
Kiff,] further than to express his desire that, if any
member believed he had used language disrespect*
fnl to the House, or indecorous or unparliamenta-
ry, he would send to the Chair a resolution to that
effect. If the House should determine that the lan-
guage he used was offensive, he would leave his
place here, he would leave the world, before he
would retract it He was charged with being an
Abilitioftiw. He denied the charge; and before he
would retract that denial, he would cease to live.
Mr. DUNCAN then moved that the gentle-
man from Noith Carolina be permitted to proceed;
which motion was agreed to without a divis.on.
Oo motion of Mr. HAND,
The Houst then adjourned.
House or Represxntat.vís,
Jinuary 35,1840.
To the Editor ofiht Globe:
Sir: Your Reporter misapprehended my object
yesterday. It was, as the resolution I offered will
show, not to dispense with the "previous question,"
but, on the contrary, to restore it to its old position
during last Congress, and rid it of the crippling
effect of the amendment recently adopted by this
House. I wished to restore to it its power to cut
the Qordian knot of ar'fdl and dilatory amend-
ments; by which I feared important bills might
be greatly retarded, if not defeated.
A. C. HAND.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturo*t, December 26,1839.
Mr. PETR1KIN (with the permission of Mr.
Btndm, who was entitled to the floor) rose and
moved a correction ef the journal with regard to
the time at which be had given notiee that he
would ask leave lo introduce a bill relative to the
repeal of the duties on railroad iron; which motion
was agreed to.
Mr. PECK rose and asked permission to make a
correction with regard to the report of yesterday's
proceedings in one of the city papers.
The SPEAKER asked if the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. BtSum] gave way.
Mr. BYNUM. Certainly, for an explanation.
Mr. PECK observed that he wished to correct,
by a verbal statement, an erroneous report of some
part of yesterday's proceedings ia one/of the papers
of th;s city, at which he felt someVhat aggrieved.
In the Globe of yesterday h*" saw the following
report in continuation of the*' sketch given of the
remarks of the gentleman- from North Carolina,
[Mr. Briroto.]                *
"Mr. B. said, if lifer  was any doubts in the
minds of the Southern people as to who were and
who were not Abantiótíst* in that House, they
need only refer tonne speeches and the votes of its
members.     If yoey wanted further evidence, I
would refer ib/m to the remarks of a certain mem*
er of this House who characterised the Northern
who usually vate for preserving the
ihal obligations imposed on them, and
opposed to an interference with the rights
South, as «Scuthern slaves.'   Ha would
refer them to the remark made by a certain Abolí-
tionirt of the House, [Mr. Pick,] when the vote
was about being taken on laying Mr. Com* re-
solution on the table, 'now come up you Southern
slaves, and show yourselves.'    Yes, sir, this was
the language applied to these patriotic high-minded
mod  who regard their constitutional obligations to
the Soath, who- are for gi vrog quiet to the Norm on
. this exciting subject, and for preventing a tarvile
and riesolatigg war.
"Mr.PECK heremterroptei Mí. B. and desired
to k>dw it the gen'leman alluded to hint.
"Mr. BY NUM. I «Ilude to a gentleman of the
name of Pww."
Mr. PECK continued. Now, sir, I do not read
the remaining portion of the report of what followed,
not because it is not grossly and entirely incorrect
in more than one instance, but because my only
desire is lo make a correction of that part of it
where I was personally alluded to. If I had not
regarded myself as personally alluded to—if no
more had been said by the member from North
Carolina than appears in that report, I should not
have felt myself called on to notice it, because
there was no such language us-d by me as that
in the report. It would require a great ob'iquity of
understanding to suppose that I used the term
"Southern slaves" in reference to any members of
this House, and tbeiefore I could haidly have sup-
posed that I was personally alleded to by the mem-
ber from North Carolina in that part of his re-
marks. Po much of the paragraph he had quo'ed
down to the words "Southern slaves," was correct.
But the report omitted to give the language which
called forth his notice. According to his recollec-
tion it was substantially th s: The member frona
Ñonh Carolina, turning himself towaidshim, said,
"the voice came from Ikat quarter"—"it wu from a
rankMolUUmid;" and by the gentleman's turnng
himself round towards him at the time he supposed
the remark was in'ended for bitn, and noticed it
accordingly. Those who knew him, knew that be
was not an Abolitionist, and he cculd not permit
any one to apply that epithet to him on this floor
without a contradiction. The laoguage attributed
to him by the gentleman from North Carolina,
and reported in the Globe, was such as he sever
had used; and he therefore could not have suppos-
ed that it was applied to him. But he regarded
himself as personally alluded to, when the gentle-
man turned round towards him and used the lan-
guage he had quoted.*
Mr. SMITH asked permission of the gentleman
from North Carolina, and of the House, to intro-
duce a resolution which he said was intended to
facilitate the transaction of the public business.
[Cries of "No, no!" and "let us hear what it is,"
from others.]
Mr. S. said it was a resolution to appropriate
one hour every morning to the reception of peti-
tions, not on the subject of Abolition.
Objections being made by several, the resolu-
tion was not received.
Mr. BYNUM, who was entitled to the floor,
rose, and said, he regretted exceeding a con-
tinuaon of the most unpleasant controversy that
occurred yesterday evening—but in justification of
the observations he then made, he would read an
extract from a report in one of the journals of the
day, showing the evidence on which his remarks
were predicated. In the report of the proceedings
on Mr. Coles's resolution, he found the following:
" Mr. Peck moved for a call of the House.
There were some Norhern slaves there, he said,
whom he wanted to be emancipated. Mr. P. then
called for the yeas and nays on his motion; which
•The Reporter begs leave to make a brief reply
to Mr. Peck's notice of his labors in yesterday's
paper. The report was intended merely as an out-
line of the proceedings, and it is believed was a
coirect one. The Repotter h^ard no such remark
as that attributed to Mr. Btnom by Mr. Pick, and
still thinks that Mr. P. is mistaken. The Keporter
was aware that Mr. Btnum used the phrase "Sonta-
tmslaves" incorrectly, but did not feel at liberty to
make the correction. He supposed that Mr. Pick
recognised its application to himself from the fact
of his having, on a former occasion, used "Northern
slaves" in the same connecion. The Reporter
is perfectly willing that any gentleman who
thinks that he is not reported correctly, may
set himnif right befoie the public, and will be
happy .to ass st him to do so; but he will not
recognise the right of any member to put language
not in hi  «port, in the mouth of another. This is
a license which will be accorded to no human be-
ing. As to Mr. Pick's assertion that the "report
is grossly and entirely incorrect," the Reporter
throws hi-eeelf on the recollection of every gentle-
man present. Mr. Btnom authorises him to say
that his remarks were given correctly.
were ordend, and the question be.rg taken   it was
decided in the negative—yeas 86, nays 113.
In another paitofthe same report he ound a
motion made by the same gentleman, is fo'lows:
  Mr. Peck mcved a call of the House, but sub-
sequently withdrew his mo'ion We have, said
he, some refugee slaves from the Noith that I wish
brought in"                                  „ ,              ,.
This (said B.) was the report of the proceedings
on the dsy Mr. Coles's resolution was acted on;
and as it has remained uncontradicted to this day,
I am warranted in presumna that it was correct.
It was true (he said) he made a mistake in u<mg
the term "Southern slaves," instead of "AVtfcent
il«t>«;" but even with that mistake, the gentleman
alluded to could not avoid knowing for whom the
allusion was intended; nor could any one doubt
at the time that the term "Northern slaves"
was appl.ed to those members of this House
who are for preserving the &>n?t tution, and sus-
taining the peace and tranquillity of the country,
with the perpetuity of our institutions. It was ihs
fi st time, Mr. B. said, on the floor of Cong e-s,
that to call a msn an Abolitionist was deemed so
offensive, as to call forth a gross and wanton in-
sult in reply.
The SPEAKER inform<'d Mr. B. that no per-
sonal allusion wou'd be permitted.
Mr. BYNUM said he made no personal allu-
sions. He never deemed it an offence to call a
man an Abolitionist. He never denied that there
were some few Democrats in the Abolition ranks.
Their votes showed that there wee (torn five to ten
of them in this House. But what he wanted tl.e
country, and the South particularly, to know, was,
that there were from sixty-five to seventy-fire
deeply died Abolitionists in the Whig ranks in that
House.
Mr. B. proceeded to examine the course of the
Whigs and Abolitionists in Congress, and in the
States, and among other cases, to show that they
unifoimly acted together, he referred to the vote on
the admission of Arkansas into the Union. The
whole Democratic party of the Norih vo'ed for the
bill, and of the fifty who voted against it, foi ty-fivc
were Whigs and Abolitionists. The vote in the
Senate, in favor of the bill was thirty-one, and
against it six. Every Abolition State there voted
in the negative. He then leferred to the course
of the Whig party in New York, Pennsylvania,
and other States, in which he conclusively proved
by the facts read to the House, that the Whigs had
invariably acted with, and in defence of the Abo-
il ionis's.
Mr, B. replied to that portion of the] remark*
of Mr. Stanlt in when be asserted that
Mr. Morton, the Democratic candidate for
Governor of Massachusetts, was an Abo-
litionist. He said he held in his hand, and
read to the House, an address fiom Garrison, the
ereat champion of th? Abolition party, in which
he called on the Abolitionists of that State to vote
.for Mr. Everett, the Whg candidate, on the
ground that that gentleman was in favor of the im-
mediate abolition of slavery; and, at the same time,
denounced the Democratic randirftte (Morton) for
not being one. Mr. B. hope! this call would be
received as good evidence of the identity of Whig*
ery and Abolition there, and would have the effect
to open the eyes oí the South that the charge that
the Democrats were in favor of Abolition, and
which was intended to blind and delude some
of them, was unfounded. Mr. B. then referred
to the effect which the abolition movements would
have upoa the commerce and manufactures of
that State. He asked who gave support to tho e
two great interest ? Who consumed those manu-
factures, and gave employment to the shipping of
that State? It was the effect of the labor of th 
South; the substance of ih? rich valley of ihe Mis-
sissippi and ferti'e soil of the South. It was the
South that gave employment to thousands of her
citizens. He warned them to avoid the ef-
fect the progress of the Abol t.'oa cause would pro-
duce on her interests. But he congratulated the
cpuntry that the trammels of Federalism and
Aboiiiionism were about being broken in that State,
and hoped that practical men would be permitted
to participate in her legislation, and bring about a
