CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
Querent Mats of tr ing*. He believed the question
w.mjM resolte i-ef into a question of peace or
war, if thev fan ucs were ihus permuted t j faitber
heir des gns.
Mr. B t ena'tnded to the coore of Whir Re-
pre en a ive- fiom ihe eiry an I State of New York,
iu voting with Abo't oii<tj b«ri, ani ihe effect it
wcn'd nave in d st'min  the c mmírceof ihit
Stat*. Tai< g-tu mine ! m that S ate was >np-
perted by the S>uth and Soothwrst. Tha  noble
cry, ibe now «teat  t power, would be sacrificed by
AMi'iob movements. Alieady the South had be-
gun t> manufacture for berse'f, and «a>taking
measures I0 earry «n a omm« res of her own.
Mr. B adverteJ to the reasons why the Aboli-
tionists were throwing then soppirt for H-rrison
for the Prewdeney; and read Iron  the Emane pitor
portions of his < p mens, which, he presumed, htd
satisfied tSera; wh ch opinion was, that h? was
wülmj to appropriate tie surplus revenue to the
emancipation of the slave*. Mr. B. asked what
was the *urplus revenue? It tame from the freat
farm tog aid producán? classes of the country; 'hi
▼erv men who own th'SJ slaves. The cp ration
of this scheme would be to er.tai! upon tho e elates
a tax, to create a surplus for the purpose of paving
hack lo >h«m for their slaves ?nd thus, in fact,
paling them nothia* at all for their property.
Mr. B. said, another question has been intro-
duced in the d bate on this >asj et, in relation to
lite politw s of two individuals candida es for the
PresK,ei>ey, and lettrrs had been read th-rs to
prove that the nominee of tne H¿rrtsburg Conven-
tion, was not an Abolitionist, and that that pan y
would not take him op, and soprort htm for that
office. He wi bed to disabuse i is c^mtiincnis.on
this anbjfc ; and, fur that purpose, read a state-
ment snowirg that a large portion of that conven-
tion were Abolitionists of the first order. The
nee president thereof, fiom the State of Massa-
chusetts, was an avoaed Abolitionist, and the gen-
tierna* on his left, from Ma? sachase* t*, admit ed
it. He did not know much ot the opinions
of General Harrson, bat whether be was an
Abolitionist or not, be wcn'd hive to depend on
them for his election; and efforts have been
made to conciliate that p ry; and he had
no doubt thit every one in the country woul 1 sup-
port him for that offire; and he would put it to
gentlemen, if he would ro', fiom the necessity of
the ease, ifelctel ry About <n vote«,have to favor
the r set ernes And in proof that he would obtain
tie Abolition snrport, be then read from the Fman-
eipator the exultation at the nomination of Hani-
son, and the acknowle'g i eat of the E titor that
"all the slave States went tor Clay, and that if it
had not b  en for the Abo iuonists. he wou d un-
doubtedly have received that nomination." He
called upon h s Kenmrky ftienJs in that House,
for whom, as far as he was acqoa nted, he
had great lespect, if >hey did not believe
that the abo.e acknow e 'gmrnt was cnriect
to the letter. He begged them >o place their hanis
cpon thnr he •its and ask ihen-seives if ihey
did not believe, had it not been forth it move-
ment, the result would have been different. The
Aboli>i< n organs brfo-e 'he nomination at the Har-
tubargconvention, prrdiced that "no slaveholder
would ever te PrrsrVn* of the United Stat- ," and
be beleved if the Wngt and At  1 tionu-ts be
permitted to carry out their design*, that prediction
would be veiifird; u would be the inev itable re-
sult from the course of things goiig on. Yes,
Mr. Harrison, to qoot  his own language from ibe
Emancipator, said, "If my vote wou Id effect it, every
 arpfas Hollar should te appropriated to that i b-
jeet" He caled upon Southern Whigs toponder
«ell this language The course of iba' personage
has been more latiiudinons than any man in ih:s
country. His votes in the United States Se-
nate fthow him to be the w.Idest Jatitudina-
nan. He was in favor of internal improve-
meats by the General Government on the
most un'imiuted sca'e; and upon every que tion
eonoectei with the tariff, he voted for the hishrst,
even so far as appLeJ to ihe necessaries of lile.
He is ais.  a Federalist. John Randoph had called
b<m so, and bimstlf and otbers for him have not
dared to deny it.   For the benefit oí the State
Rwhts supiotters of Hairi-on, if theie be anv,
there is evidence on rcord that he declar d iu
favor of Gcn-ral Jackson's proclámate n, and
eulosi«etl it as a most a^'e dorumei t, on account
ot its pnneipn s, and that he gave him lar more
cwht tor tuat one act, ihan any other of his
ile. This d"cum -M received ihe wa,ra ,'t appro-
val of D.intel Webser, the m<st ultra Federalist,
on account of us s long gound again*!, the St.te
Riihts principles. Wnai claims has he, ihen, upon
the Sta' s, ir Repr>s°ntatives ef the States who
profos those principles]
Mr. B. rone uded hs remarks by apologizing to
the Hou«e for the time he had occupied, and the
personal feting evid-nced ye terday. When he
commenced, it «a* his intention t > refrain fiom all
personal t e*; and h« did not depait fn m that course
till he wax impel'el, from a *en-e of duty, to resent
a gross and personal insult. His great object had
b en, fn in the commencmem, t>> give them facts,
and to give t -e Stuth and ihe whole coun'rr farts
to dUabuse their minds of ibe attempt mit'e there
to ¡dent fy the Democra'c party with Abolinoni&ta
bv Southern Whig>, and on the other han 1 to show
that it was by an amakaraat on of >he Wh gs and
Aboliiionisu that the institufons and inteiesis of
Ihe South are threat-ned and endang-red.
Mr. JOHNSON.of Maryland,obained the floor,
and said it was due to himself, before mtenn¿
on ihed.seusti>n of the subject before the House,
-to make a few remarks in relation to the unp ea-
«ant altercation which took place on yesterday.
He had understood that the genilemiin from
Ni rth Carolina, [Mr. Btnom ] before he made <he
moum for him to pneeed in his remarks, had
retracted the offensive words applied to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Pkck.J But he had
since learned that the gentleman had not done so.
If he had so nnderstood him yesterday, that he did
not withdraw that language, he would not have
made the motion or remarks he did. He was the
last man to palliate unparliamentary language,
and be believed it was calculated to do more in-
jury to the individual using it, than te those it was
intended to-apply.
Mr. J. then proceeded in his remarks. He had
always been opposed to the discusión of Abolition
before that Home, in any ehape or form, because
h? did not consider it a debreaMe question. It
mí!y have been supposed, from his anxiety to ob-
tain the floor, that he wanted to make a speech;
bat such was not his hvention. His anxiety had been
to get the floor to call the previous question on the
pr<poM- on of th* gentleman from South Carolina,
(Mr. Tiompson ) But subsequently, from the
va-t rang-* which ha I been taken, not upon the
merits if the question, hut, he believed, to make
political cap tal out of it, he now felt himself
called upon to depart from that course. He felt
himself boond to spe?k his sentiments, that they
might be I nown to his constituents and the State
he in part npresented. An effort had teen
made by various gentlemen who had spoken, to
show that the Wnig puty of the United feutes
are anx<oas to conciliate favor with the Abolition-
ists, and since the nomination of Hani«on bad en-
deavored to throw odium on his cb&raoter.
This bad made it manife tly proper for him
to throw himself on the indulgence of the House,
th?t his Stole, whuh is more interés ed in
this quts'ion than moM any other, might know his
v.ewi. He characterised ibe (evolutions which had
been presented on this subjfc', as tuo vague lo
meet hisapprobat'on; and therefore wished, before
co icludmg to offer a resolution in a more tangible
form, which would 1-ave no ambizuiiy; so when a
gentleman voted, hecoulH not dere ve bis constnii'
enis, and would eleaily define his potilion. He had
voted to lay the resola'im of the gentleman fiom
Virginia on the table, because it admitted th« recep-
tion of these petitions.and was in fact an invitation
to the Ab ihtioniss, to send their petitions there; and
which would bring on dkcnssion, without effecting
any valuta'y pjrpose. The resolutions of Mr.
PATTON.of Va. and the one subsequently offe-ed by
Mr. Atmrton did not deny the power of Congress
to abolish slavery in this District; consequently, he
could net give support to such resolutions. If
the right be once conceded to Congress that it had
the power, it would lay opjjp the door that would
dissolve the whole South in an hour.   He had.
always thought these resolutions ajinessr, and there-
fore opposed them.
la alluding to the period when the whole South-
ern delega ion left this Hall, Mr. J. (aid he
thought he !-aw on that occasion a manifest attempt
to crea'e political capital out of the excitement. He
thought he saw an effort to form thereby a nucleus
around which they hoped togather the whole South
for the furtherance and promotion of their selfish
views. In this opinion he was firm, and believed
aw much as if it had been communicated by ihe
voice of inspiration; and it was with that view that
he had r t ended that meeting, to defeat, if t ossible,
such de«ign.
He dwelt at large on the constitutional righ's of
the S"Uih, and contended that every member there
had sworn to protect those rights when be took the
oath of office, and it became them to act according-
ly. He aigued the question at some length.and, be-
lore concluding, yielded the floor to
Mr. UNDERWOOD, who moved that the House
adjourn; but, before taking the ques ion,
The SPEAKER, by permission, laid befare the
Hou>e a c «mmuntcatinn fiom ihe Po tnoaster Ge-
n«ral, eocl sing «stimates for the service of that
Department; which w<>s, on the mction of Mr. J.
W. JONRi, referred to the Committee of Waj s and
Means, and otdeiel to be printed.
Also cntain te'tmony in relation to the New
Jersey contested election; which was referred to ibe
Committee of Elections.
Mr. LEWIS called for the yeas and nays on the
motion t> adjourn, but they were sot ordered;
whereupon,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, January 27,1340.
Mr. SPENCE appeared in his seat this morn*
ing.
Mr. WEBSTER, elected by the Legislature of
Massachusetts, a Senator from that State for six
years from the 4th of March last, appeared, was
qualified, and took bis seat in the Senate.
Mr. WHIGHT presented ihe cied ntials of the
Hon. N. P. TALLMADGE, elected by the Legis-
lature of New York a Senator from that Slate for
■ix years from the 4th of March last; which were
rea«i.
Mr. TALLMADGE was then qualiá-d, and
took his eeat in the Senate.
The CHAIR submitted a message from the Pre-
S'd nt of the United States transmitting a report
fiom the Acting Secretary of State, in reply to a
resolution of the Senate concerning the slaves in the
brigs Comet, Encomium, and Enterprise. [The
report states that 23,500 pounds sterling have been
appropriated by the British Parliament as a c m-
pensanon to the ownerg of the slaves.] Laid on
the table, and orde ed to be printed.
Aii-o, a report from the Secretary of War, in
answer to a tesolution of the Senate of the 30ih
alt. as to the amount of appropriations necessary
to the completion of the Cumberland Road; wh ch
was laid on the tab'c and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Navy,
in reply to a resolution of the Senate respecting
the defines of the United States; which was laid
on the latle.
Also, a report from the Secretary of the Navy,
in relatu n to the appropriations of 1839; w Inch
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a memorial from the Legislative Council
of the Territory of Iowa, prayin  an appropriation
for a*peni entiary; wh ch was referred to the Com-
mittee on Fitancc.
Also, a petition of Mrs. Sally Ross, widow of a
Revolutionary so'dier; which was reftrred to the
Committee on Pensions.
.    Also, a petition  from Capt. Edward McKabe;
wh;ch.was referred to the Committee on Pensions
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial fiom a
number of citizens of Albany county, praying Ihe
establishment of a certain designated post road;
which was referred to the Committee on the t ost
OfBce fld Pest Roads.                          .      ..
Mr. SEVIER presented the memorial of James
