143
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Harrison, praying the establishment of a port of
entry at Van BareD, in the State of Arkansas, for
the purpose of facilitating the internal trade with
Mexico; which wa  refeired to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. STURGEON prerented the petition of a
number of citizens of Franklin county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for a reJuction of the rates of post-
age; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MERRICK presented the petition of James
Williams; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. LINN, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to bring in a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Miguel Esclava; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a memoria
of citizens connected with the raising of silk; which
was referred to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of Flem-
ming Wood; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr PRENTISS presented the petition of the
widow of Samuel Allen, praying to be allowed a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. WHITE presented the remonstrance of
sundry citizens cf Wisconsin, agaisst the confir-
mation of claims to lands preferred by Laventure,
Cbilds, and Thompson; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the memorial of agents of
certain steam packet companies, plying between
the port of New York and various ports of Great
Britain, praying such a modification of the laws on
drawback as to allow them a debenture on the
coal which is consumed by them on their return
passage, made a report thereon. The committee
were of opinion that a proper construction of the
present law would afford the desired relief, and
prayed to be discharged from the further conside-
ration thereof. The adoption of the report was
advocated by Messrs. WRIGHT and DAVIS,
and opposed by Messrs. CLAY, of Kentucky, and
KNIGHT, on whose motion it was laid on the
table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the memorial of ihe vestry
and churchwardens of St. Philips, at Charleston,
S. C. praying that they may be allowed to import
an organ free of duty, reported a bill for their re-
lief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. W. from the same committee, to which was
referred the report c f the Secretary of the Treasury
on the fiscal regulations of foreign countries, asked
that they be discharged from its further considera-
tion—that it be laid on Ihe table, and printed, and
that ten thousand additional copies be printed;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Comnr.iitee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the petition of
Lewis Gordon, asked to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. WEBSTER submitted the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire whether the law respecting
vessels propelled by steam does not require revision
and amendment.
ORDER OF THE DAY.
The bill to establish a Board of Commissioners
to bear and adjudge claims against the United
States was taken up, and after being debated by
Messrs. LINN, PRENTISS, SEVIER, HUB-
BARD, and PRESTON, was postponed until to-
morrow.
The Senate then adjourneJ.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, Jan. 27,1840.
Mr. Waddt Thompson's proposition to amend
the rules, and Mr. Adams's amendment thereto,
being the order of the day,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, who was entitled
to the floor, jitlded it to
Mr. J. W. JONES, who reported from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means a bill making appro-
priations for ihe civil and diplomatic expenses of
the Government for the year 1840; which was read
twice, and, on bis motion, referred to the Comm.t-
tee of the Whole House on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. J. W. JONES, by direction of the same
comnrt'ee, reported some estimates to accompany
the bill for the payment of Revolutionary and
other pensioners; which document was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. J. W. JONES asked leave of the House to
submit a resolution to have the necessary printing
executed. He did not wish to extend it beyond
the bills and estimates reported from the Ways
and Means committee, and only made the motion
from a solemn conviction of the absolute necessity
of the case. The appropriation bills are all re-
ported, and not one jet printed.
Mr. R. GARLAND objected.
Mr. JONES said one of the bills provided for the
payment of the Revolutionary soldiers, and unless
it be printed immediately, it will be impossible to
pass it before the 4h of March, at which time the
payments are due to the pensioners. And if it be
not passed by that time, the Secretary of the Trea-
sury will have no funds to pay the old Revolution-
ary soldier at tha variom|pointsat which payment is
to be made. Two months of the session had been
already wasted, and the appropriation bills remain
untouched. It is important to do something to se-
cure the passage of the bills, to enable the Govern-
ment promptly to meet its obligations.
Mr. R. GARLAND said be wonld persist in his
objection, unless the gentleman consented to amend
his proposition to have the printingdone on the best
terms. He had been informed by a gentleman in
tie city, that it could be done twenty-live per cent,
cheaper than the prices paid by Congress.
Mr. JONES then moved a suspension of the
rules, to enable him to offer the resolution; which
was read as follows:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be au-
thorized to employ some suitable person or persons
to execute the printing of the bills, which have
been reported, together with the accompanying
estimates and documents, in the manner prescribed
by the joint resolution of 1819.
Mr. R. GARLAND said he would waive his
objection for the present; whereupon,
Mr. J. W. JONES wiihdrew his motion for the
suspension of the rules; there being no further ob-
jection,
Mr. GIDDINGS moved the following as a sub-
stitute, which was read:
Resolved, That until the further order of the
House, the Clerk be directed to procure the prin*-
ing of the House to be done by such person as
will do it with the least possible expense to the Go-
v eminent.
Mr. GIDDINGS called the previous question on
his amendment; which was seconded, and the main
question ordered to be put.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS demanded the yeas
and nays on the main question, being on the adop-
tion of the substitute; which were ordered.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana rose to a question of or-
der; whether the previous question would not cut
off the substitute, and was proceeding to debaie it,
but he was ruled out of order by
The SPEAKER, who stated that, under the new
roles, it would not, the previous question operating
only to bring the House to a vote on Ihe last pro-
position submitted.
The call for the yeas and nays having been partly
completed,
Mr. BOTTS asked leave of the House to per-
mit him and others on the Committee of Elections
to record their votes. They were absent, attending
to their duties on said committee when their names
were called.
Mr. BRIGGS said it had been nnusual to permit
those belonging to committees that had leave to
hold sessions during the sittings of the House, to
vote at any time. He had done so himself, under
similar circumstances.
Mr. CLIFFORD demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered.
Mr PETRIKIN rose to a point of order. He
said, under the 34th rule of the House, no member
could vote on a question in which he was personal-
ly interested.                                               , ...
The CHAIR said this was a matter of public
interest, and the member could not be considered
personally interested.
The yeas and nays were then taken, and were—
yeas 88, nays 101.                         .
So the gentlemen were not permitted to vote.
The call for the yeas and nays on the substitiite
of Mr. Giddings was then completed—yeas 109,
nays 65.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. DUNCAN, who voted for said amendment,
moved to reconsider the vole on 'he same; and abo
moved a call of the House before taking the ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER was of opinion that the call was
not in order—on the motion for reconsideration,
the same having been taken under the operation
of the previous question. He considered it one of
the incidental questions necessarily connected wiih
the proposition on which the previous question
operated.
Mr. CLIFFORD appealed from that decision,
and demanded the yeas and nays on that motion;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 95, nays 100.
So the deciion of the  Speaker was not sus-
tained.
Mr. DUNCAN moved a call of ihe House; and,
upon that motion, demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 141, nays 44.
The call of the House was then proceeded in
until 216 had answered to their names.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, moved that all
further proceedings in the call be suspended.
Mr. VANDERPOEL called for the yeas and
nays on that motion; which were ordered. There-
upon,
Mr. JOHNSON wiihdrew his motion.
The call was then proceeded in until the absen-
tees were called over, several of whom were ex-
cused on account of indisposition.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to suspend all
further proceedings in Ihe call.
Mr. VANDERPOEL demanded the yeas and
nays, but they were not ordered.
The question was taken, aid decided in the af-
firmative.
The question then cama up on Mr. Duncan's
motion to reconsider, when
Mr. DUNCAN observed that the amendment
virtually destroyed the principle of the resolution of
1819, which was yet in force, and that it was more-
over calculated to defeat the very object it conem-
plated. He would however have no objection to adopt
the resolution of the gentleman from Vermont with
that amendment they were about to reconsider, (for
he was favorable to the principles contained in it,
and it was wtih that feeling that he gave it his vote,)
but the object being temporary, for it limited
until they could elect a printer, if could not be car-
ried into effect without great inconvenience as well
as conflicting with the existing law. He did net
know, in the first place, what would be the extent
of the duty it imposed on the Clerk, both as to tha
time and manner of carrying it into execution. He
did not know how much time would be required
for the Clerk to get this printing done on the
most reasonable terms. Was he to do it to-
day or to-morrow? this week or the next?
The time it would require to do it in would depend
in a great measure on the extent cf his efforts to
carry out the terms of the resolution. In order to
get the printing done on the most reasonable terms,
must h3 confine his efforts to Washington city ?
The Clerk, Mr. D. thought, would require the time
necessary to send to Baltimote, Philadelphia, New
York, Boston, and Cincinnati, and receive propo-
sals from those cities, or he could not carry out the
provisions ef ihe amendment. Would it not be
necessary, he asked, for him to advertise for pro-
posals in all these cities? If so, the object of the
resolution would be defeated; and in voting for the
reconsideration, he would do so from the absolute
necessity of having the printing done immediately.
We have notmuch, Mr. D. said, to fear of the dan-
ger of being over charged for the execution of this
