CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
work.   We have the law of 1819, which fixes tbe
pr a tho«e who do the work shall receive, and that
«a-* was pas&ed by a Cor g e« as competent to un
d«r Und the subject, and "who had the good of the
country as much at heart as this.    But suppose, in
carrying oat the intent.ons of this resolution, the
Clerk confines hi* efforts to the city of Washing-
ton.    In that case, what is to prevent a combina-
tion from being formed among the printers here to
raiae the prices h-gher than those allowed by the
law of 18IÍ"   The resolution, as amended, did
not prcT.d? for the manner in which the work
shoo Id be done.    It only provided that the Clerk
shoo 1J get the work done on the cheapest ierra ,
without regard to time and without regard to the
quality of the work.    This was another reason
operating with him for moving the reconsideration.
No man, Mr. D. said, should go ahead of him in
any  incisure of economy, where economy was
practicable; but he did not conceive it to be so in
this case.   Another objeción to the adop'ion of the
resolution     arose     from     the   fact   that   they
most soon go into the election of  Pnnter.   The
interests o' the country demanded it, and their duty
demanded that thrs  interests shcu d no longer be
neglected.    Why, then, should we at this time in-
troduce iato ihm  resolution, which can only be a
temporary measure, provisions which, so far from
performing its object?, are only ca'calaled to defeat
them?   He was not (Mr. D. san) favorable to pre-
vious questions.    He bad assigned, so very briefly,
his reasons for moving the rerons derail >n, as not
to rrader a reply necessary, and he would, there-
fore, for the second tim* in bi> life, move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. PETRI KIN moved to lay the whole subject
on the table.
The SPEAKER was of opinion that that mo-
tion was not in order; but that the gentleman could
nove to lay the motion for reconsideration on tbe
table, and that motion wou'd, if it prevailed, carry
tbe whole sobject with ¡r.
Mr. PETR1KIN tlvn moved to lay the motion
for reconsideration on the table.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS calle i for tbe yeas
and nays; which were ordered, and were—yeas 106,
nays 111.
So tbe House refuted to lay it on the table.
The question then recurring on tbe motion to re-
consider it was decided in the negative—yeas 108,
nays 100.
The <ra >stion recurred on the adoption of the re-
•olot.on as amended; on wh cb
Mr. EVKREIT demanded the yeas and nays;
which were orJered, and were—yeas 115, nays 97,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. A<bma, Alford, J->hn W Alien, Simeon H
Anderson, Andrews, Biker, Ba nan), Bell, Ronil, Butt*, Boyd,
Brur? , Brock «a j, Anaon Brown, Sampson H Boiler, Calhoun,
William B Campbell, Carter, Caw.-, Chittenden, Clark, Con-
nor, J. Cooper, M A Cooper, Corwin, Crabh, Cran'ton, Corns,
Gushing, Edward Dav.es, John W. Darla, Garret Davis,
Dawson, Diberrr, Dille , Ed «arda, Evans, Everett, Fillmore,
Fuiier, James Garland, R ce Garland, Gates, Gentry, Gid lines,
Gogzin, Gon'e, Grahim, Granger, Craves, Green, Griffin,
Cnnnelt,Habersham, Halt, Wm S . Hasting , Hawes, Henry,
Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, Hook, Hopkins, Hunt, James,
Jenifer, C Johnston. William Cost Johnson, Kempshalf, Law-
rence, Ijncoln, McCartv, Marvin, Mitchell, Monroe, ÍMont-
gotnerv. Montan, Calvary Morns, Naylor, Niehet, Ogle, Os-
borne, Paten, Peck, Picken , Pope, PrufJit. Randall, RaiWolph,
Randen,Rid£war, Real, Russell, Salumstall,Serjeant, SMepard,
Bimomon, Slade, Truman Smiih, Stanly, Storrs, rtinartiTalia-
trrro, Waddy Thompson, Tillinghast, To and, Triplet!, OVum-
twll, Underwood, Peter J. Waurner, Wairen, John While,
l^ewis Williams, Jo>eph I*. Williams, Constopher H.\VV'il-
launa, and Sherrod William —115     *
NAVH—Messrs. J Allen, H.J Anderson, Athenon, Bs\ks,
BVatty, Beirne, Black, lilackweil, Brewster, Aaron V. Bro<
Albert G Brown, Borlo-, William O. Butler, Bynum, Cj
Carrol', Chapman, C'lfTjrd, Coles, Crair, Crary, Dana, Daree,
John Dans, Doan, T iie/, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman,'
Ely, Fine, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, Gerry, Hammond, Hand,
J Hastingx. Hawkins, Holleman, Howard, Hu*>hard, Jarkson,
Jameson, Jwph Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, K>im, Kemble,
l^aribtter, Leet, I>Kmard, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCu1-
lnh, McKay, Marehand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, rkmupl W
Mom , Newlnid, Parmenter, Parris, Paynter, Peinkin, Pren-
tiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rives, Robinmn, Edward Rogers,
James Rozrri, HamuH , Shaw, Albert Smith, John Smith,
Thomas rtmith, Starkweather, Hiecnrod, Strong, Sweeny,
Taylor, FrancmThoiiai,, Phihp P Thomas. Jacob Thompson,
Tnmey, Vandernoel, Davi 1 D Wam>ner, Wattcrson, Wellcr,
Wick, Jj/ed W. Williams, Henry Williams, and Wor.hington
So the resotati m was aiop'ed.
Mr. JOHN80N, of Maryland, then proceeded
in his re-narks on the proposition to ameiid the
ralea.   He made a strong constitutional argument
against the movements of the Abolition>s's, a synop-
sis of which there is not room in this day's paper,but
the speech will be Riven hereafter at length. Mr.
J. before concluding, yielded the floor to'Mr. Pc-
trikik, on whose motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tpesdav, January 28, 1840.
The CHAIR presented a message from the Pre-
s'dent of the United Stales, communicating a sup-
p'emeit to the annual report of the Chief En-
gineer, which was referred to ihe Committee on
Mi'itary Affairs, and orderel to be printed.
Airo, a communication from the Secretary of
War, transmitting a report from the Commits oner
of Indian Affairs of the persons employed by that
bureau, wuh their compensation, during the last
year; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
A'si, a memorial of the Legislative Assembly of
tbe Territory of Iowa, thai setilers on the sixteenth
sections be allowed a pre-emplion right Jo the same,
and that other lands be set apart as school lands;
and
A memorial from the same body, praying that
s?ttl« rs on the mineral lands may be allowed the
right of pre-emption; and
A mtmonal from the same body, praying that
the commissi >ners of Lee county be authorized to
enter a qaantity of school lands in the Sac and
Fox reserva1 ion; wbieh were severally referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, a memorial of the same body, praying that
Congres? provide for that Territory three six-poun-
drr cannon and other munit ons of war; which was
referred to the Commit ee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial of Jacob
Greaves for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Also, a memorial of tbe Howard Institution of
the city of Washington, praying for assistance;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
A ho, the me norial of the president and directors
of the Bank of the Metropolis in ihe city of Wash-
ington, praying for a renewal of their charter;
which was referred to the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. STURGEON presented ihe memorial of the
tdm rmtrator of George Simpson, deceased; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CALHOUN presented the petition of Ma-
thew Irvine Keith; which was refeired to the Com-
mittee en Clams.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition of ci izens
of the Sta'e of Delaware, praying for the consiruc-
t oi of a st^am revenue cutter for Delaware bay;
which was referred to the Committee on Cem-
jnerce.
Mr. PRESTON pres-ntfd the memorial of the
heir? of Dr. Thorn is Cooper, praying the re-
payment of a fine exacted nnder the Alien and Se-
rf tioa law*; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judciary.
Mr. WRIGHT prese n'ed the petition of a num-
ber of inhabitants of Westchester county, New
Yorlr, for a redaction of the rates of postage;
which wa« referred to the Comuiitee on the Po=t
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the memorial of
the executors of Henry Eckford; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RUGGLES presented ihe memorial of Sa-
mel E.8mith and others, of Wi'casset, praying
a reduction  of postape; which was refprred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. YOUNG presented the m?mcr¡al ol Joseph
Sm th, ]r. Sidney Rigdon, and Elias Higbee, in be-
half of "The Latter Day Saints," commonly
called Mormon*, praying for a redress of griev-
ances, infl ct d on them by Ihe people of tbe State
of Missouri.
Mr. Y. moved that it be printed, and refened to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
,   After some lemarks from Mr LINN,
Mr. NORVELL. moved tj lay 'hs whole subject
on the t .Me.
Mr. YOUNG called for the reading of the me-
morial, and it was accordingly read.
After soma fuither remarks fiom Mesirs BEN-
TON, PRESTON, and CLAY, of Ken'urky, the
motion to lay on ihe table was agreed to, with the
unders anding that it would be ca'led up at an early
day.
Mr. STRANGE presented the peti'ion of Su-
sannah R. Pickett; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pen<hns.
Also, tbe petition of William Hawkins; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, reported
A bill for the relief of Joseph M. Hernandez;
and
A bill for the relief of George W. Pascball;
wh ch   were severally read and ordered to a se-
cond read n?.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of John C
Reynolds, hte disbursing agent of the Indian De-
partment; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to which was referred
A bill concerning the estates of idiots or luna-
tics and infants in the District of Columbia; and
A bill giving the assent of Congress -to the acts
of the General Assembly of Virginia, incorporating
the Falmouth and Alexandria Rai'road Company,
and for other purposes;
Reported the same without amendment.
Mr. M. also, from the same commi tee, reported
a bill authorising the granting of letters testamen-
tary, and of administration to aliens in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. WALKKR, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported an act for the relief of William
Osteen; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
The resolution submitted by Mr. MERRICK, to
admit the Distiict Attorney and the Reporter of the
Supreme Court on the floor of the Senate, was
taken up and disagreed to.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following resolu-
tion :
Rtto'.vtd, That tbe President of the Uni'ed States
be requested to communicate to the Senate the
cause of the removal of General Call from the
government of the Territory of Flor da, and the
correspondence connee'ei therewith; and also the
correspondence between the Department of War
and Governor Call, concerniag the war in Florida.
The bill for the relief of certain persons therein
named; and
The bill for the relief of Samuel R. Slaymaker,
weie severally read a third time, and passed.
BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS.
The bill to establish a Board of Comm'ssioners
to hear and examine claims against the United
States, was taken np as in Committee of the
Who'e.
Mr. SEVIER offered an amendment excluding
private land claims from the jurisdiction of the bill;
which was not agreed to—ayes 10, noes 31.
Mr. PRENTISS offered an amendment ex-
cluding such cases as were within the jurisdiction
of the judicial tribunals and the officers of the
General Government; which was agreed to.
Mr. WALKER moved a new section, making
the action of the board, when adverse to the
claimants final, but not so when against the United
States, and that nothing in the bill should compel
claimants to present their claims before this board;
which was disagreed to—ayes 12, noes 31.
After some further unimportant amendments,
which, with those preceding, were debated by
Messrs. HUBBARD, SEVIER, TAPPAN,
WALKER, CLAY, of Alabama, PRENTISS,
GRUNDY, and HENDERSON, the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed—ayes 25, noes 16, as toi-
10YEAS-Messrs. Clayton, Cruenden. Cnihbert,
Davis, Dixon, Grundy, H-bbardjKirg, Knight,
