156
il                 iiiiii.....■■■ti. ^aitri   n t-                    m
Wagner, Warren, John White, T. W Williams, Lewis Wil-
liams. Joseph L Williams, Sherrod Williams, and Wise—108.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, then submitted his re-
solntion.
Mr. BLACK asked the gentleman to give way,
in order that he might offer his resolution as a
substitute.
Mr. DAVIS aske<* the gentleman to read his re-
solntion, in order that he might judge whether he
wonld accept it or not; but he was interrupted by
Mr. GARLAND, of Louisiana, whe contended
that the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
was not in order, and that no gentleman could, at
that period of the day, offer any resolution or pro-
position of any nature, to take precedence of the
general orders.
Mr. RAMSEY called on the gentleman lo re-
dace this point of order ts writing, and the Speak-
er requiring it
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana reduced his point
of order to writing, and it was read.
The SPEAKER then decided that the resolution
of the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Davis] was
not then in order, because there was business on
the calendar having precedence over it, and that
that business was the unexecuted order that the
House would proceed to the election of a Printer.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana said he now moved that
the House proceed to the election of a public Print-
er; and that on that motion he moved ihe previous
question.
Great confusion and disorder prevailed, and
amid repeated calls to order,
Mr. BRIGGS rcre, and said he understood the
Speaker to declare that 'he first business in order
was the election of Punter. Now, to rea-h that
order, was it not necessary that a mot'on should be
made to proceed to the election? Mr. B. made
some other remarks, which the Reporter was una-
ble to hear; but concluded with asking the
Speaker, in order that he might fully understand
his decision, what was the business first in order
before the House.
The SPEAKER said it was the unexecuted or-
der for the election of Printer.
Mr. BRIGGS inquired if the resolution of Ihe
gentleman from Georgia, for postponing the elec-
tion, and leferring the whole matter to a commit-
tee, together with the other resolutions that had
been submitted on the subject, did not come up
with it?
Th« SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I understand that the
Speak Eh has dec ded that the first bunnsss in order
is the election of Primer.
The SPEAKER. That is the understanding of
the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move that the House pro-
ceed to the election of Printer, and on that motion
I'call for ihe previous question. Mr. D. also raid
that be nominated Blair and Rives for th? office.
Mr. HOLLEMAN also nominated Blair and
Rives.
Mr. SMITH. I have already nominated Blair
and Rives some days ago, and that nomination
stands.
Mr. GARLAND of La. appealed from th« deci-
sion of the Chair, and addressed the House at
some length in support of the appeal.
Mr. BANKS observed that he did not rise for
the purpose of raising questions of order, or in any
way retarding the business of ihe House.   He had
concurred wuh the Speaker in the decisions which
he had given with n the two last days, and from
which appeals had been taken, and notwithstand-
ing the array of parliamentiry rules which the gen-
tleman   from   Louisiana,   [Mr.   Garland]   had
brought forward, he entirely concurred with him
now.   He thought he should be able to show that
the decision of the Speaker  was in  strict con-
formity with   parliamentary law, and  that   the
rules quoted by the gentleman had no application
in this case.    This was not a resolution, such as
are ordinarily offered for the consideration of the
House, and within the contemplation of the ru'e s
the gentleman referred to; but it was a resoluti >n
for the purpose of carrying into effect a law of the
land.   It was a resolution, in fact, to complete the
organisation of the House, and absolutely reces-
«ary for a correct discharge c*f the public basinets.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOM
Bynum, Carr, Carroll, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt
Conner, Mark A Cooper, Craig, Crary, Cro«s, Dana, Davee,
John Davis, John W Davis, Doan, Doig, Dromeoole. Dun
can, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd, For-
nance, Gerry, Guffin, Hibetsham, Hammond, Hand, John
Ha-tings, Hawkins, John Hill of North Carolina, Holleman,
Holmes, Hook, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph
Johnson Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble,
Leadbetter, Leet, Leanard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan,
McCulloh, Mallory. Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montanya,
Montgomery, ¡Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Nisbet, Parish,
Parmenter, Parris, Paynter, Petnkin, Pickins, Prentiss, Ram-
sey, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives, Robinson, Edward Rogers, James
Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Albert Smith, John Smith,
Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Stcenrod, Strong, Sumter,
Sweeny, Taylor, Philip F Thomas, Jacob Thomp on, Turney,
Vanderpoel, David D Wagener, Wattereon, Weller, Wick,
Jared W Williams, Henry Williams and Worthington—115.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W. Allen, Simeon H.
Anderson, Andrews, Baker, Barnard, Bell, Biddle, Bond,
Botts, Bnggs, Brock way, Anson Brown, Calhoun, William B
Campoell, Carter, Casey, Chittenden. James Cooper, Cnrwm,
Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cushine, Davies, Garret
Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dillett, Edwards, Evans, Everett, 1
Fillmore, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry, ,
Giddings, Goggm, Goode, Graham. Granger, Graves, Green,
GnnnelljHall, Wm S Hastings, Hawei, Henry, John Hill of
Virginia, Hoffman, Hopkins, Hunt, James, Jenifer, Charles i
Johnston, William Cost Johnson, Kempshall, Lawrence, ,
Lincoln, McCarty, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan,
Calvary Morris, Naylor, Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Peck, Pope,
Proffit, Randall, Randolph, Randen, Rayner, Reed, Rulgway,
Russell, Saltonsiall, Sergeant, Simonton. Slade, Tiuman
Smith, Stanly, Storrs. Stuart, Taliferro, Waddy Thompson,
Tillinghast, Toland, Tnplett Trumbull, Underwood, Peter J
It was, therefore, of the same importance on the
calendar as a bill. Can you then (iail Mr. B ) to
set awde this resolution, violate the laws of the
land ? What stood the first in order in the calen-
dar 1 It was a resolution adopted by the House
that it would forthwith proceed to the election of
a public Printer—and that order, instead of having
been executed, was arrested by a postponement till
the 10th of the present month. The order, there-
fore, was now before the House, the day to which it
was postponed having expired. Suppose the House
had postponed a bill until the 10th day of the
month, and that day bad pasted by, would it not
then come up in i's tegular ordT on the calendar,
and take precedence in its torn? And was n t this
order for the election of a Printer on ihe calendar,
in the same standing as if it were a bill? Surely I
was, and the decision of the Speaker was in str ct
i conformity with parliamentary law, and this elec-
, tion ought to have been gone into long ago. When
that was done, it would be compe'ent for the House
to raise a committee for the purpose of examining
into ihe prices paid for public printing, and to re-
' duce them if found to be too high. In that ma'ter
he would go as far as him who went farthest; but
ihe business now was that which was firvt on
the calendar, and it could not be set aside
by any point of order. We are bound, said Mr.
B. to act on that order, to execute or rescind it as
the House may determine, but it cannot be set
aside. The gentleman from Lou's ana, [Mr. Gar-
lard,] had addressed the House twice on the sub-
ject of his appeal, and as he was not deposed to
occupy the time of the House, he would call for
the previous qnrs'ion on the appeal.
Mr. LOWELL called for the yeas and najs,
which were ordered.
The two preliminary questions were then put,
and carried, after which
The mam question was put, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 135, nays 64.
So the House sus'aiaed ihe decision of the
Chair.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, here withdrew his mo-
tion for the previous question, at the request of
Mr. BLACK, who asked if it was in order to
amend ihe the resolution un\r which the House
was now act.ng. He was unwilling he said to go
into the elecion of Printer, without showing to the
world the grounds on which he acted.
The CHAIR was of opinion that the reso'ution
could not be amended, but that the gentleman
could move to postpone it.
Mr. BLACK said he did not wish to interfere
with the order of doing business in Ihe House, but
he would submit to gentlemen on all sides of the
House whether it would not be belter, befcre
they went in o the election of Printer, to adopt
the resolumn he had submitted. He hoped they
would igree, by universal consent, to accept
his proposition, in order lhat they might throw
around the person or persons ihey should elect
those restrictions, which were necessgry for the
protection of .he public interests. If gentlemen on
either side of the House wished to carry out the r
professions of economy and watchful regard of the
public interes's, now was the time for them to come
forward.
Mr. WISE wished to state to the gentleman from
Georgia one objection he had to his resoiuiion,
wh'ch, if removed, he would give his consent to us
introduction. He had made a resolution never, as
long as he lived, to vote for any man as Printer of
the House, who was editor of a political paper. To
separate the public printing from the political press,
was a reform which ihe country loudly calbd for; and
asno party could expect long to retain the ascenden-
cy, it would be for the interest of both parties to seize
this favorable opportunity for making the separa-
tion. The resoiuiion, if adopted, might justify the
gentleman in voting for Blair and Rives, or it
might promote the election of Gales and Seaton.
For his part, he would vote for neither; and he
hoped the House would direct the Clerk to put out
its printing to the lowest bidder, until they could
get a report of a committee, and until they could
adopt this great reform that he had suggested.
Mr. BLACK s*id he understood ihe gentleman
from Virginia as objecting to the reception of his
resolution; and if it could not be received by gene-
ral consent, he should not consider it necessary for
him to press it at this lime, and he would theiefore
withdraw it.
Mr. STANLY then moved to postpone the fur-
ther execution of the order until the 10th day of
February next, for the purpose of offering another
proposition, and addressed the House for a short
time in support of his mo ion; when
Mr. CRARY rose to the following point of or-
der, which, at the request of the Chair, he reduced
to wri'ing:
"That the question before the House not being
debatable, a nomination for the election of Printer
having been made, ihe motion to postpone, of the
member from North Carolina, is not in order."
After a few remaiks from Mr. TILLING-
HAST,
The CHAIR decided lhat the motion for post-
ponement was in order.
Mr. CRAIG said he would appeal from that de-
cision; and in support of that appeal, argued that
the House, having determined forthwith to proceed
to the election of Printer, no other motion could
be entertairel. Without looking lo parliamentary
law as to the propriety of admitting ihe motion fcr
postponement, common sen*e itself, he thought,
would dictate :he inadmissibility of it. The House
having déte rmined forthwith to do a certain thing, a
mo'ion to ptstpone would pre ent in itself a perlect
absurdity. There was but one single individual who
objected to the execut/on of the order, and he put
rt to the House whether it would give it into the
power of that individual to defeat its legWaiion.
Mr. C. after a few more remarks, moved the pie-
vious question on the appeal.
The call for the previous question having been
seconded by the House, and the preliminary
question, "Shall the main question be now put?"
having leer, put and carried,
Mr. DUNCAN inquired if, when the resolution
for the election of Printer was up, it was not so far
executed that a nomination was made.
Tha SPEAKER said that there was a nomina-
tion.
Mr. HOLLEMAN would inquire of the Chair
if the House had not proceeded so far in the execu-
tion of the order for the election of Printer, that
th;re was a nomination made, and whether it was
net arren d by the motion of the gentleman fiom
North Caio'ua, while in the progress of ex-
ecution.
The SPEAKER replied that he had already an-
swered thai there was a nomination.
The question was ihen taken on the appeal, and
it resulted in sustaining the decision of the Chair—
yeas 126, nays S9.
Mr.STAlSLYlhen resumed the door, and, in
continuation of his argument, read an article from
the Democratic Review, hishly compl men ary of
Mr. Garland, ihe Clerk of the House, which he
endeavored, by ¡runicarcomments, to turn into ridi-
