CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
157
cule.   While in the progress of reading the article,
however,
Mr. PETRIKIN and several others called the
gentleman to order, for reading a matter foreign to
the business before the Hou^e.
Mr. SMITH, of Maine, hoped the gentleman
might be permitted to proceed with the reading.
Compliments, said he, so well deserved are very
acceptable to us.
Mr. STANLY said thai he should blush to re-
ceive a compliment from the gentleman from
Maine.
Mr. CRARY called the gentleman to order, and,
being called upon to reduce his point of order to
wiinng, presented it as follows:
"Mr. C. called Mr. Stanly to order for using
the words 'he should blush to receive a «ompli-
ment from the gentleman from Maine,' (addressing
himie'f to Mr. Smith.")
Mr. STANLY took his seat, observing that the
gentleman need not have made his point of order,
as he had concluded h;s remarks.
1 he point of order having been read,
Mr. SMITH, of Maine, said: I did not at the
time hear the remark of the gentleman from North
Carolina, but I beg the House to understand tbat
nothing tbat that gentleman can say would make
me blnsh.
The SPEAKER decided that Mr. Stanly's
words were not in order, and that he could not
proceed without leave of the House.
Mr. BANKS then obtained the floor, and after
a few observations, moved the previous question
on Mr. Stanly's motion to postpone the e'ection.
Messrs. GARLAND of La. and UNDER-
WOOD, both rose and moved an adjournment.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and the question having been
taken, the motion to adjourn was decided in the
negative—yeas 90, nays 112.
Mr. JENIFER then rose to a point of order,
which he reduced to writing, es follows:
" Mr. Stanly was called to order by Mr.
Cbaby, for saying to Mr. Sm th, of Maine, 'I
blush to receivea compliment from that gentleman.'
Before Mr. Chary reduced these words to writing,
Mr. Stanly raid be 'cheerfully retracted them, as
hi had [misunderstood the gentleman from Maine.'
The Speaker had decided there words to be out of
order, and tbat Mr. Stanly must take bis scat.
Mr. bTANLY did explain according to the 28th rule,
before be was told by the Speaker to take his seat."
Mr. STANLY said that be had retracted the
words he used in reference to Mr. Smith, of
Maine, while the gentleman from Michigan was
writing h'S point of order, and before it was read
from the Chair; and made every explanation that
was necessary.
Mr. CRARY. I had the floor after calling the
gentleman to order, until I could write out my
point, and band it to the Chair, and the gentle-
man was bound by the rules of the House to
keep bis seat in the mean time. It was not, there-
fore, in the power of the gentleman to make any
explanation until the point was decided on by the
Chair.
The SPEAKER said he understood the gentle-
man from North Carolina to say that he would
not ask the leave of the House to proceed, when
be was called  to order by the gentleman from
Michigan, for be bad concluded his remarks.   On
the point raised by the gentleman from Maryland,
the Chair quoted the rale of the House applicable
to the case, the substance of which h: tbat when a
member is called to order, he must take his seat
until the point of order is reduced to writing—
when, if the Chair decides that he is on t of order, he
cannot proceed with his remarks, if one member
objects, without leave of the House.    In this case,
the member from Nonh Carolina was decided by
the Chais, to have been e-ut of order, and no leave
was given by the House or asked of it for him to
proceed.
Mr. SMITH, of Maine, said that so far as he
was concerned, he hoped the member from North
Carolina might be permitted to proceed.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS moved a call o/ the
House.
Mr. WISE made some remarks to show that the
member from North Carolina ought to be permitted
to proceed, and concluded by a motion to that
effect.
The SPEAKER said it was not now in order, a
call of the House having been ordered.
The question was then taken on Mr. Williams's
motion tor a call of the House, and it was decided
in the negative without a division.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Maryland, then moved an
adjournment.
Mr. PETRIKIN called for the yeas and nays,
which having been ordered, the question was taken
and rejected—yeas 89, nays 109.
The previous question on Mr. Stanly's motion
to postpone, coming up, the call was seconded by
the House, and the question being put, it was deci-
ded in the affirmative, yeas 91, nays 107, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. A<'ams,Alford,S. II. Anderson, Andrews, Ba-
ker, Barnard, Bell, Bond, Botts, Bnggs, Brockway, Calhoun, W.
B. Campbell, Carter, Chittenden, J. Cooper, Corwin, Crabb,
Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cushmg, Davies, Garret Davig,Daw-
son, Debsrry, Dillett, Edwards, Evans, Everett,'J. Garland, R.
Garland, Gentry, Gogsm, Goode, Graham, Granger, Graves,
Green, Grinnell, Habersham, Hall, Henry, Hill of Virginia,
Hoffman, Hunt, James, Jenifer, Chas. Johnston, W C. John-
eon, Kempshatl, Lawrence, Lincoln, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe,
Morgan, Naylor, Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Peck, Pope,
Promt, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway,
Russell, Sergeant, Simonton, Slide, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart,
Taliaferro, Tillinghaat, Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Under-
wood, P. J. Wagner, Warren, John White, T. W. Wil-
liams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and Wise—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black. Boyd, Brewster, A. V. Brown,
A. G. Brown, Burke, S. H. Butler, W. O. Butler, Bynum,
Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Conner, Mark
A. Cooper, Craig, Crary, Cross, Daveel J Davis, J. W. Da-
vis, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Earl. Eastman, Ely, Fine,
Fisher, Floyd, Fomance, Gates, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond,
Hand, J. Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of North Carolina, Holle-
man, Holmes, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Thomas B. Jack-
son, Jameson, J. Johnson, N. Jone , J W. Jones, Keim, Kern-
ble, Leadbettei, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McCIel-
lan, McCulloh, Mallory, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgo-
mery, S. W. Morris, Newhard, Parish, Parmenter, Parris,
Paynter, Pelrikm, Pickens, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives,
Robinson, Edward Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Albert Smith,
Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Sweeny, Taylor,
P. F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel, Watter-
son, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams,
Sherrod Williams, and Worthjngton—107.
Mr. BLACK here moved a suspension of the
rules to enable him to offer his resolution; and after
a few remark , moved the previoos question;
And ihe resolution having been again read,
After some remarks from Messrs. GARLAND,
THOMPSON of Mississippi, CHAPMAN, WISE
and BLACK,
The question was taken and decided in the affir-
mative—yeas 158, nays 30.
So there being a vote of two-thirds, the rules
were suspended, and
Mr. BLACK, aft?r some remarks, again sub-
mitted bis resolution, and moved the previous ques-
tion on it; after which it was read.
Mr. WISE called for a division of the qrestion,
which was ordered; and the questions having been
taken on the first and second branches successive-
ly, they were both carried.
Mr. CURTIS then moved an adjournment; but
Mr. SMITH of Maine calling for the yeas and
nays,
Mr. CURTIS withdrew his motirn.
The SPEAKER then said: The House will now
proceed to the election of Printer.
Mr. WISE inquired if it would be in order for
him to vote for the United States of America to be
their own Printers; if not, he said he would go
home and go to bed.
Mr. VANDERPOEL nominated Blair and.
Rives.
Mr. FILLMORE asked if the election was to be
by ballot or viva voce; and made some remarks to
show that it ought to be by ballot.
The SPEAKER was of opinion that the election
most be by ballot.
Mr. VANDERPOEL was really very much sur-
prised at the point raised now. The rules of the
House he considered imperative with regard to
elect ons of its officers, and that they must be made
viva voce. If the Speaker adhered to his decision,
he should be obliged to appeal. He was here
in 1836, whenthe same queslion was agitated, and
when the matter was definitively settled by the
House.
The SPEAKER was of opinion that the joint re-
solution, which prescribed the ballot system of elec-
tion, could npt be set aside by the rules of the House.
Mr. VANDERPOEL begged the Speaker and the
House to consider the dilemma into which this de-
cision, if adhered to, would place them. If (he
Chür was right, the resolution of the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Black,] which they had just
adopted was void, and all they had done under it
was perfectly nugatory. If the Chair would take
ihe pains to refer to the resolution of 1819, he
would find, that so far as relates to the manner of
electing, it was void. He would, however, take
another course, and without taking an appeal, ask
if it would be in order for him to move that the
election should be viva voce.
Th i SPEAKER replied that that motion would
be in order.
Mr. VANDERPOEL then moved that the House
proceed to ihe election viva voce, and called for the
previous question on his motion.
This motion having been carried,
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Vander-
poel, Black, Smith, of Maine, and Davis, of
Pennsylvania tellers; when
Mr. RAYNER said that, for the purpose of
giving those who would vote for Blair and Rivis
an opportunity to sleep and meditate upon the
enormity of iheir intentions, he would move that
the House do now adjourn.
The yeas and nays having been called for,
Mr. RAYNER withdrew bis motioD.
Mr. CURTIS renewed the motion, bat  also
withdrew it.
The House then proceeded to the election viva
voce, and the roll having been called through, Mr.
VANDERPOEL, on the part of the tellers, re-
ported that there were S07 votes given, of which
104 were necessary to a choice; and that
Blair and Rives received -       -       110
Gales and Seaton   ...         82
Th. W. Whíte        ...           2
Jacob Gideon   -                                     1
S. Stambauqh -                                     1
Dltf Green    ....            l
807
Vete as taken, was as followi:
For Blair and Rives.—Messrs. J. Allen, H. J.
Anderson, Atherton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black,
Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster, A. V. Brown, A. G.
Brown, Burke, S. H. Butler, W. 0. Butler, By-
num, Carr, Carroll, Carey, Chapman, Clifford,
Coles, Connor, M. A. Cooper, Craig, Crary, Crt  s,
Th. Davee, John Davis, J. W. Davis, Doan, Doig,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine,
Fisher, Fletcher, FJoyd, Fornance, Gerry, Griffin,
Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins, Hill
of North Carolina, Hollerran, Holmes, Hook,
Howard, Jackson, Jameson, Jos. Johnson, N.
Jones, J. W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Lead better,
Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClel-
lan, McCulloh, Mai cha nd, Medill, Miller, Mon-
tanya, Montgomery, S. W. Morris, Newhard,
Parrish, Parmenter, Parris, Payn.er, Petrikin,
Pickens, Prentiss, Rambey, Reynolds, Rhett, Rivt*,
Rob.nsou, E. Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, A. Smith,
Tho. Smith, S.eenrod, Strong, Sumpter, Sweeny,
Taylor, F. Thomas, P. F. Thomas, Jac. Thomp-
son, Turney, Vanderpoel, D. D. Wagener.Watter-
son, Weller, Wick, J. W. Williams, Hen. Wil-
liams, Worthington, and Mallory—110.
For Gales and Seaton.—Messrs. Adam , Al-
ford, S. H. Anderson, Andrews, Baker, Barnard,
Bell, Bond, Bolls, Briggs, Brockway, Calhoun,
W. B. Campbell, Carter, Chittenden, Jas. Cooper,
Corwin, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cush-
ing, E. Davies, Gar. Davis, Dawson, Deberry,
Dillet, Edwards, Evan?, Fillmore, R. Garland,
Gentry, Giddings, Goggin, Goode, Graham, Gran-
ger, Graves, Green, Grinnell, Habrreham, Hall,
W. S. Hastings, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoff-
man, Hunt, James, Jenifer, Chs. Johnson, W. C,
Johnson, Kempshall, Lawrence, Lincoln, Marvin,
Monroe, Morgan, Naylor, Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne,
Palen, Peck, Pope, Proffit, Randall, Randolph,
Rariden, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway, Rufsell, Ser-
geant, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, 8tanly,
Storrs, Smart, W. Thompson, Tillinghast.Tolana,
Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, P. J- wtgp„['
Wwren, John White, Th. W. Williams, Lewis
