153
Williams, Jos- I- Williams, and Sherrod Wil-
liams—92.
For Th. W. White.—Messrs. Wise, and Hun-
er, Speaker.
por Jacob Gideon—Mr. Jas. Garland—1.
For S. Stambaügh.—Mr. Hopkins—1.
For Doff Green.—Mr. Mitt hel'—1.
The SPEAKER ih°n announced that Blair and
tiirn were duly elected Printer  of the House.
On motion by Mr. SMITH, of Maine,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, Jan. 31,1840.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
* report cf the Secretary of War, made in oaedi-
ence to a resolution of the Senate of the 15th inst.
n relation to internal improvement in the Terri-
tory of Wisconsin; which was read, and ordered
to be printed.
Also, a representation from Jehiel Brooke, late
Indian agent; when was referred to the Committee
on Priva e Land Claims.
Mr. CLAY, of Alabama, presented the petition
of Williamson Smith, praying remuneration (or
expense* incurred and services performed by him,
under a contract with a Government agent, for the
removal of the Cherokee Indians-; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLAY, ot Kentucky, presented the petition
of a number of citizens of t btladeipbia, Pa. and
of citizens of the State of Maine, for a Congress
of Nations; which was referred to th* Committee
on Foreign Relations
Mr. LlNN presented the petition of the heirs of
Joseph Thompson, deceased, praying the confirma
tiou of their title to a tract of land; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
ASSUMPTION OF STATE DEBTS.
Mr. GRONDY, from the Select Committee, to
which was recomm fed the report submitted yes-
terday on the resolution offered some time since by
Mr. Benton, in opposition to the assumption of
the debts ot the S a'es by the General Govern-
ment, reported it, with some modifications; which
were read,
A discussion ensued, in which Messrs. GRUN-
DY, HUBBARD, and WRIGHT, sustam-d and
advocated the report, and Mes-srs. PRESTON,
SOUTHARD,and MERRICK opposed it; when it
was informally passed over.
The Senate went into Executive business; and
then
Adjourned until Monday.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Friday, January 31, 1840.
The first thing in order was the execution of the
resolution of Mr. Black, to e'ect a committee of
five, viva voce, to inquite into the propriety of re-
ducing the present tariff of prices fir executing the
public printing, or of having the same done
in a national office, to be established for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER suggested that if the House
would proceed to ihe election of the committer,
and vote for one member at a time, it would soon
ascertain the praciicability of the plan. He thought
it would take but a short time, should that mode
be adopted.
Mr. GRAVES inquired, why not vote for all at
the same lime. He ihought the resolution required
it. Mr. G. then move! tbat there be a call of the
H-ase.
The CHAIR said the resolution required that
the whole five should be voted for at the same tice;
and as objection had been made to the mode sug-
gested, the House would proc;ed in accordance
with the ie*nla'ion.
Mr. HOFFMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the call; which were ordered, and were—
yeas 140, nays 44.
So a call of the House was ordced, and was
proceeded in until 208 meinb rs an wered to their
¿ame ; wrrn
Mr. ADAMS ?a?d it was customary, when com-
mittees had leave to sit during the siturgs of the
H<ms9, to permit the members thereof to vo'e at
any time; and on a call of the House, were a!-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ways excused if absent. Mr. A. then moved that
the members of committees who were absent, he
notified that ihere was a call of the House; which
motion was agreed to.
The names of the absentees having been called
over,
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved that all fur her pro-
ceedings in the call be suspended; which «vas agre.d
to.
Mr. TURNEY moved that the House now pro-
ceed to elect ihe committee, by voting for one mem-
ber at a time.
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and
nays on that motion; which were ordered, and
were—jeast 54, nays 132.
The SPEAKER then said that each gentleman,
when his name was called, would vote tor the five
m >mber«¡ to compose the committee. He then ap-
po nteJ Messrs. Brigos, Bueke, Flotd, and James
Garland, as telleis.
Mr. HOPKINS asked to be excused from voting, j i
and gave his reasons therefor; but the House re- |
fused said request.                                                      I
The House ihen proceeded to the vote, viva voce,   '
snd the roll was gone through with; but before the
result wai announced,
Mr. POPE moved that when the House ad- '
journ, it would adjourn till Monday next.
Mr. BANKS ta'd it was clearly out of order to
submit such a motion in the then condition of the
House, it heins divided upon a vote.
The CHAIR (Mr. Lincoln) decided that it was
in order.
Mr. PETR1KIN. Was th*re ever such a thing
heard of 1 Was ever the like known—that the
Chair had emeitained such a motion when the
House was divided upon a vote? I appeal from
that dec:sion.
The CHAIR raid it had been done at the last
session, under similar circumstances, when the
House was in the act of electing a committee.
Mr. GRIFFIN called for the previous question
on the appeal; which was seconded, and the main
questioned was ordered—which main question
w as, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of ihe House?"
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the yeas and nays; '
but they were not ordered.                                        |¡
The question was ihen taken, and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.                                            ;
The question then recurred on the motion to   !
adjourn 111 Monday next; and the yeas and nays
having been ordered upon the same,
Mr. POPE withdrew bis motion.
Mr. DAVEE renewed the motion; but the yeas
and nays having been ordered upon it, he also
withdrew it.
Mr. EVANS again renewed ihe motion.
Mr. LEWIS demanded the jeas and nays;
which were rot ordered.
The question was then taken on said motion, by
count, and carried in the affirmative—ayes 89,
nays 44.
The House having determined that when it ad-
journs, it wou'd adjourn till Monday next,
Mr. S. WILLIAMS moved that it now adjourn.
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded th* yeas and nays;
but tbey were not ordered.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative; and
-   The House adjourned till Monday next.
IN SE17ATE,
Monda?, February 3, 1840.
The CHAIR submitted a report from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting statements
showing the contracts made in that Department
during the yesr 1839, and the expenditures from
the Marine Hospital Fund during the ytar 1838;
which was laid en the table, and ordered io be
ptinted.
Aho, a message from the President of the United
State s, commun,eating a report from the Director
of the Mint, ihowing the operations of that institu-
tion during the year 1839; which was laid tn the
Uble, and ordered to be printed.
Mr SMITH oí Indiana presented several peti-
tions of male and fema'e citizens of Jefferson
county, Indiana, against slavery in different forms.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the  question   of
reception was laid on the table.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial ot ci-
tizens of Adams county, and a memoiial of citi-
zens of York county, Pennsylvania, praying for
the imposition of a moderate duty on imported
silks; which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. B. also presented a memorial which he was
informed was signed by every firm connected with
the silk busine>s"in Pniladtlphia, praying ior the
same object as the above; which was leferred to
the same committee.
Mr. B also preserted a memoral of coach lace
weavers of Newark, N. J. which slated that by ihe
construction given to the law by the revenue ©ni-
cer, German silk lace was imputed free of duy,
end *old at prices cheaper than the dome.'tic manu-
facturer could sell the common worsted lace, and
praying for relief; which was referred to the Com-
mutee on Finance, and ordered to be pnn'ed.
Mr. B. also presented the memur al ot Britton
Evans, praying remuneration for pre perty lost in
the service of the United S'ates; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. B. also presented the memorial of inhabi-
tants of the city and county of Philadelphia, pray-
ing for the constiuciion ot a steam revenue cutter
in Delaware bay; which was referred to tbe Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. B. aho presented a memorial of Thomas
Cooper and twenty-four other c.tztns of Philadel-
phia;
And a memorial of William H. Ashford and
seventy-six other citizens of Geimantown, Phila-
delphia county, severally praying for an alteration
in ihe laws which relate to the sale and transfer of
American vessels while abroad; and for the aboli-
tion of the slave trade throughout tbe world; Which
were relened to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of Thomas B.
Lrngstreth and 74 other inhabitants of the county
of Philadelphia; and
Tne petition of Jacob M. Ellis and 21 oher citi-
zens of Philadelphia county, praying for an altera-
tion of the Constitution, to as to abolish slavery in
the United Slates;
Also, the petition of David Paul Brown and 24
other legal voters of the city and county of Phila-
delphia;
Tne petition of Sarah T. Naylor and 27 other
women of Philadelphia count}; and
The petition of Elizabeth Diake and 63 other
women of Bucks county;
severally prajing for the abolition of slavery and
the slave trade in tbe District of Columbia.
The motion to receive the above was,
On motion of Mr. KING, laid on the table.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the peti ion of
' Abraham Williamson; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.          J
Mr. MOUTON presenteoVine memorial of John
Compton; which was referred to the Committee oa
Private Land Claims.     /
Mr. CLArY °f Kentpky presented a memorial
from the uhamber o£ Commerce of Louisvil e,
complaining of the gjeat burthen imposed by the
tolls of thíLouisvtlJe and Portland Canal on tbe
commerce! of the Iv est, and praying that the Go-
vernment Jwould /purchase the individual stock
thereof.   \         J
In confiedlo/ with this subject, he said he had
received a letter from a very experienced pilot, who
stated his ins/pression that for ihe trifl ng sum of
j $ 150,000 thf/obstruction of ihe nav gatioü now ex-
¡!  isting   at /e falls, might be removed, and the
j   natural  cftannel   of the  river made   navigable,   .
render ng unnecessary the purchase of the canal
stock.  He thousht it would be a proper subject for
the committee to inquue in'o the ptopris'y of au-
thorizing an appropna'ion for a survey of the falls,
and the probable expen-e of clearing out ihe ob-
structions in the natural channel of the river.   He
asked that the memorial might be referred to the
Committee on Reads and Canals.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said, tbat in the absence
of the chairman of the Committee on Roads and
Canals, he would say that the committee had this
subject under consideration.   His individual opt-
