CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
153
a*¡a¡
itioa was that the improvement of the natural
channel of the river was the most cxpedent and
economical.
Mr. KING said he had no objection to the refer-
enoe of this memorial proposed by the honorable
Senator who presented it; but the practice hereto- j
fore had uniformly bem, when memor.als called !
for surveys, lor the purpose of improving the na-
vigation of rivers, to reler it to the Committee on '
Commerce.
Mr. WHITE ¿aid tbat a suggestion had been |
thrown out, to which it might be nec*s?ary to call
Iheatfntion of the Senate: that the Government,
by becoming a joint stockholder with this cempauy,
has given an implied pledge that she will do no-
thing that «ill depreciate the value of their stock.
Mr. LINN said that he bad in his possess  n a
letter J rom a skilful and experienced pilot, who had
been connected with the bu-ineis for twenty-nine
years, that these fills can be improved at a small
expense. He thought that when an incorporated
company sn< up such a pretension as that alluded
to by the Senator fiom Indiana, it was time that
the monopoly was removed. He had teen inform-
ed that, acting on the suggestions of persons con-
nected with the navigation of the Ohio, a company
was forme J, who subscribed $2,000 to make experi-
ments in blowing up the ob*trucions in the btd of
the liver; and from their success they were de-
cid'd'y convinced of its pracucibihty at a very
moderate expen e.
Mr. CLAY ot Kentucky expressed his most de-
cided dis>ent to the position that, because the Go-
vernment had became a stockholder in this com-
pany, they are thereby precluded from improving
the natural channel ot the river. He thought it a
.most monstrous pre'ension, without the slighter
foundation in law or equity.
Mr. BENTON raid  the petition of the Louis-
ville Chamber of Commerce referred it-elt to a
-question which was depending before the Senate,
and which question presented itself under thrte dif-
ferent aspee s; either to extingu sh the rights of the
private corporators in the Louisville canal, or to
improve the falls of the Ohio, or to make a canal
on the Indiana side.   Some weeks ago, and on his
motion, the Senate bad adopted a resolution of in-
quiry in relation to all these points; and among
these who had answered it, was the Chamter of
Commerce of  Louisville, which had done him
(Mr. B.) the honor to send him a copy of their
answer, which he had carefully read, and to w hich
he was indebted for valuable information and Sug-
gestions.   He (Mr. B.) wished to collect all incl-
ination belonging to the subject, and then to act for
the best.     Of  course care would be taken, in
remedying one evil, not to inflict another; that is to
say, not to injure the port of   Louisville,   and
ihe navigation   of  the   river above.     The   tolls
were  en rmous,   and   de-erved    the   characer
he had given of them some years aso; namely, fines
or penalties inflicted upon the boats for parsing
through the canal.   Besides the Chamber of Com-
merce of Louisville, he was also indebted to Mr.
Holme, the collector of the toils, and to several
pilits of the falls, and steambaat captains, for valu-
able information on the same point--.   Mr. Hulme
tent him a full repoit of the operations of the canal
for the last year, with a recapitulation of the num-
ber of boats which passed, and the amount of the
tolls collected, since the opening of the canal in
1331.    In that year, the amount collected   was
$12,750; in the last year, the amount was $180,496;
and the aggregate for the nine years was $776,496.
This was enormous; but the enormity was still
more stiikin? in looking at it in detail—at the toll
paid by a few individual boats.   This   is shown
in the report made by Mr. Hulme.   Thus, a Cin-
cinnati boat, ot two hundred and fifty• two tons, in the
New Orleans trade, paid last year $2,275 50.   A
small boat in the St. Louis trade, of only  86 ton?,
paid, in the same year, $1,238 40.     This was a
sample, and it showed the burthen on Western com-
merce to bejiotolerable. He (Mr. B.) did not \
know what^easure he should ultimately support
to felievi the commerce of the West from these
burthens; it might be to extinguish the rights of the
private corporators, and make the canal free, ex-
cept for the small levy necessary to keep it in or-
der and to attend it; or, it might be to improve the
falls; or, it might be to open another canal on the
right bank of the river; or it might be a combina-
tion of these different plans. He c uld not decide
until he gota lull vkw of the facts which may be
given, and the opinions furnished, under the Se-
nate's call, by informed and practical men. But
he was dete;mined to exert himself lor the remedy
of the great evil complained of, and that without
doing wrong or mjur> to others. The rights of the
private corporatois mutt be duly considered; the
port at Louisville, and the navigation of the river
above, must all be duly considered. In the mean
time, he would suggest that the amount held by the
United States in tne canal, tay above $300,000;
and the share of tods which ¡-he has received, and
is receiving, may con>tnu'ea tuud >o disembarrass
the w ester  commerce ot the burthens of this ca-
nal, without diawing a cent from the public Trea-
sury. Whatever plan may be adopted, he looked
to this source to supply the means.
Mr. KING said he recollected in years gone by,
when Congress was earnestly importuned by gen-
tlemen of tne West, to interest the Government in
this Louisville and Portland canal. It was then
considered as a subject which would be of vest
service to the commerce of the West. The char er
of this company was then before us, and the high
rate of tolls which, by that instiument, they were
allowed to exact, was pointed out; but they were
net then considered as " exorbitant," or as " fines
and penalties " on the commerce of the West. But
now we are appealed to, to buy up the individual
stock ai an enormous price to relieve the commerce
of that,which at a former period, we were told would
be of such geat service to it. And this was the
general couise of these connections. When such a
proposition is ma4e, if we do not ascist with our
means, ihe Government is denounced as illiberal,
and opposed to the interests of the West; and when
we consent, we are afierwards appealed to, to re-
lieve them from the consequences of our compli-
ance. He was not opposed to the reference, but
gave notice, if this question was brought before the
Senate, he was not prepared to exhaust the Trea-
sury by purchasing tne s ock ol this company.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut viewed this sub-
ject as a matter of great moment, not because of
the expense involved, but the precedent established
by the adoption of h: the step ctnteuiplaed
and those which follow it. My opinion, and which,
at the proper time, 1 am prepared to defend, is that
we have no more power by the Constitution to pur-
chafe ihe stock ot the Louisville and Portland
cmal, than we have to purchase the stock of the
Erie canal, or any o her woik which is a great
thoroughfare of commerce He was in lavor,
however, of the improvement of tb« natural bed
of the liver by the removal of ihe obstructions at
the Falls, if it could be accomplished at a reasona-
ble expense, and he thought that the vast and grow-
ing commerce of the West demanded it at our
hands.
Mr. CRITTENDEN thought that his friend
from Alabama [Mr. King] would, on further re-
flection, be convinced that the proposed measure
was such as should receive his support. The com-
merce of the West, which is subjected to the tolls
levied by the canal company, was estimated at
forty millions of dollars annually. This was equal
to half of all the cotton exported; and suppose
that great staple were subjected to a similar bur-
den, what a clamor would be raised by gentle-
men for its removal. As to the connection of the
Government with this company, we had no cause
to regret it, as it was one of the very few copattaer-
ships in which she bad made money; having re-
ceived during last year, on an investment of
$333,000, near $63,000 in the shape of dividends,
and having been reimbursed her whole outlay of
capital.
Mr. TAPPAN said this was a matter of great
importance to the country above, as well as below,
Louisville; but he thought the present discussion
premature. We had passed a resolution, calling
on the Secretary of the Treasury for information
in relation to this snbject, and in the prosecution of
the inquiry, a letter is sent to the Secretary with a
portion of the information.   A similar leitei is sent
to some of the Senators, which is presented here,
and has given rise to this debate, it struck
him that we ought to wait lor the report
of the Secretary, before we proceeded to act.
Whenever we are prepared to act, I shall go to di-
vest the Government of all her interest in this ca-
nal, and sell her present s'ock, instead of buying
more from individuals; and this for the purpose of
separating the Government from all connection
with this, as I would from all other corpoiations.
He thought that a deepening of the channel of the,
river would have a very important effect on the in-
terests of Louisville; and though it might not ut-
terly destroy alt her commercial facilities, it
would form a considerable body of dry land in
front of the city, where is now a commodious har-
bor. The obstructions in the Ohio at that place are
not in the nature of fal;s, though they are thus de-
nomina ed; but a limestone dike, running across
the channel, which acts as a dam, and backs the
water several miles up the river. It is obvious
that the cutting down of the dyke would have a
material effect, not only on Louisville, but would
entirely destroy the canal, leaving its bottom eight
feet above the bed of the river. He thought that
the canal company would be more d fficult to con-
tend with than the falls; as our experience bad de-
monstrated tbat corporate power was always a
more iormtdable obstruction to the operations of
Government than any natural ones. As to the ex-
pense of the improvement, it was unimportant
when compared with the results to be atta.ned.
The memoiial was then referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals.
On motion by Mr. ROANE, the petition, of
Captam Thomas Wells, now on the fi.es, was re-
feired to the Committee m Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BENTON presented ihe pet tion of inhabi-
tants of the town of Weston, prayin? for the right
of p.e emption; which was referred to the Commit-
the tee on FublicLand .
Mr. B. al;o presented eight memorials of officers
of the line of the army, praying equalization of
pay with the staff; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr CLAY of Alabama presented the petition
of 1,415 citzens of Alabama, praying remunera-
tion for military "services performed in Florida;
which was'relerred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. KING presented the petition of the widow
of George W. Owen; wh ch was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CL'XYof Kentucky presented a memorial
of Joseph L. Smith and others-, praying for the
establishment of a new department in the Govern-
ment, to be devoted to the interests of Agriculture
and Education; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, and ordered to be printed.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the memorial of
Richard S Cone, assignee of David Beard, now on
file, was rrferred to the Committee en the Judiciary.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of Aaron
Payne, a soldier of the Black Hawk war, praying
arrears of pension*; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. TAPPAN submitted the following motion
for consideration:
Raohtd, That the following be added to the
joint rules of the two House:
Whenever there shall be two decisions against a
resolution, petition, or memorial, for a private claim,
whe'her by one or either House, it shall be out of
order to act on it again, unless accompanied by
affidavit that new test mony has been discovered,
believed to be material, and which could not be
obtained before.
Mr. KNIGHT, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill for tne relief
of Hezekiah Cunningham; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
reported a bill for the relief of Duucan L. Clinch;
A'so, a bill for the relief of Janus Tongue, and
the administrator of Wil iam Hodson, deceased;
which we.e read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PULTON, from the Committee on the Public
Lanls, reported a bill for the relief of James
