160
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S nith, of Arkansas; which was read, and ordered
to asecond reading.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut submitted the fol-
lowing motion:
Ettolvtd, That the Secretary of War be directed
to furnish the Senate with such evidence or infor-
mation as he may possess, showing the cost and ex-
pense of cast iron cannon; alio the cost and ex-
pense of brass cannon; also the cost and expense
of wrought iron cannon; also the superiority of
one over the other, taking into consideration the
ñrst cost, wear, and general utility.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama submitted the follow-
ing resolution, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the appointment of a district attor-
ney and marshal for the middle district of Alabama.
ASSUMPTION OP STATE DEBTS.
The report of the Select Committee on the
assumption by the Government of the debts of the
States was taken up, and Mr. CLAY of Alabama
made an able argument in favor of the principles
of the report, and in reply to the remarks of Mr.
Crittenden and others.
Mr. CRITTENDEN replied to the remarks of
Mr. Cut, and
On motion of Mr. PHELPS,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.^
Monday, February 3,1840.
The teller* who were  appointed to count the
vote on Friday last, under the resolution of Mr.
Black, for the appointment of a committee to in-
quire into the propriety of reducing the present
price of the public printing, or of establishing a
National office, by Cong ess, to execute the some,
reported the following as the result:
Whole number of vote*       -           -           216
Necessary to a choice           -           -           109
Mr. Black received  -                           187
J. W. Davis, of Indiana            -   130
Prentiss            -           -           -   129
R Garland      -           -           -   102
Clifford           -           -           -     98
Evans   -           -           -           -     94
Lincoln            -           -           -     80
Howard            -           -                  71
Parmenter       -           -           -     47
Briggs   -           -           -           -     23
Cl'SHlNG-            -            -                    12
And fifty other gentlemen were voted for, who
received from one to four votes  each.
Messrs. Black, J. W. Da vis, of Indiana, and
Prentiss, were declared to be elected.
The SPEAKER said it would be neccessary to
go into another vote to elect two others, to make
the number required by the resolution.
Mr. GRAVES moved a call of the House, be-
fore proceeding to vote for the remaining two; and
ealled for the yeas and nays on tbat motion; which
were not ordered.
The question wzs then taken by count, whether
there should be a call—ayes 16, nays 80; no quo-
rum voting.
The House was again divided to ascertain
whether there should be a call—ayes 48, noes 66;
still no quorum voting.
Mr. R. GARLAND moved there be a call, and
demanded the yeas and nays on that mo'ion; which
So the House determined that there should be a
call; which was proceeded in till the roll was gone
through with, and 186 members answered to their
names.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON moved that all further
proceedings in the call be dispensed with.   Upon
a count, it appeared  that there were—ayes 77,
noes 26.
.- No quorum having voted,
The SPEAKER decided that the call should pro-
ceed. , The roll was again called over, and 194
members answered to their names. Excuses were
being received for the absentees, when,
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN, all further pro-
ceeding in the call was dispensed wiih.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON made an ineffectual ef-
fort to introduce a resolution to appropriate a por-
tion of the wood at the Capitol to the suffering poor
of Washington City.
Mr. LINCOLN did not wish to be voted for
again as a candidate to serve on the Committee on
Printing. He already belonged to two committees
were ordered, and were—yeas 87, nays 77.
The House again proceeded to vote viva voce for
two members, the number requisite to constitute
the commit'ee—the same gentlemen acting as tel-
lers.   The following is the result:
Whole number of votes         -           -           183
Necessary to a choice                                      94
Mr. Evans received -           -           -    113
B. Garland      -           -           -    108
Clifford           -           -           -     94
Lincoln            -           -           -     46
Lawrence         -           -           -       7
S. Williams     -           -           -       4
Cushino             -                                6
W. C. Johnson              -           -       5
And scattering   -           -           -     15
Messrs, R. Garland and Evans were declared
to be elee'ed.
" On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the joint resolution
from the Senate, prop sing ihe election of Chaplain,
was taken up, and concurred in.
The House then proceeded to vote viva voce for
Chaplain.
Nominations were then made as fellows:
Mr. BARNARD nominated the Rev. Mr. Dan-
forth, Presbyte ian.
Mr. DA VIES, of Pa. nominated the Rev. Mr.
Babbitt, of the Dutch Reformed Church.
Mr. PETRIKIN nominated the Rev. Mr. Wil-
mer, Episcopalian.
Mr.' JOHNSON of Maryland, nominated the
Rev. Mr. Balch, Presbyterian.
Mr. 8ALTONSTALL nominated the Rev. Mr.
Bates, Congregationalism
Mr. SMITH of Maine, nominated the Rev. Mr.
Boyd, Protestant Episcopal Church.
Mr. CROCKETT nominated the Rev. Ml.
Reese, Protestant Methodist.
Mr. TALIAFERRO nominated the Rev. Mr.
Br*xton:
Mr. PARRIS nominated the R«v. Mr. Donkl-
lan, Catholic.
The SPEAKER appo!nted Messrs. Barnard,
Taliaferro, Davies of Pennsylvania, and Sal-
tonstall, as tellers, to ascertain the vote; who re-
ported the following result, viz:
Rev. Mr. Danforth       received      29 votes.
"      Babbitt       ...     19
"      Wilmei      -       -       -    19
"      Balch         ...    31
"      Bales          ---     29
"      Boyd          ...    20
"      Reese          ...       9
"      Braxton                       -    24
"      Donellan     -       -       -      4
No person having received a majority of votes,
The SPEAKER said the House would again
proceed to vote; but before doing so,
On motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, February 4, 1840.
The CHAIR submitted a communication from
the Secretary of ihe Treasury, tranrmitting a report
from the Commissioner of the General Land
Office, in compliance wi h a resolution of the Se-
nate of 22d January, 1840; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a report fiom the Secretary of War, con-
taining an enumeration of the militia of the
United State; which Avas laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed. /
ABOLITJDN PETITIONS.
Mr.lTAPPAN a*res.;ed the Senate as follows:
Mr. president: J hold in my hand a number of
petitions, purport:n§ to be signed by inhabitants of
Harriso^ county/in the State of Ohio, praying
CongressUo aboirVh slavery and the slave trade in
the District op Columbia. These petitions are
signed by Km males and females, in trie propor-
lion of about two-thirds of the former, and one-
third of ihe latter. It is the c«n;titutional right of
every Amer.can citizea to petition Congress for a
redress of grievances; and I may say here, that
whenever any citizen of Ohio shall complain of
any grievance, under which he may be suffering,
within the constitutional competency of this Go-
vernment to remove, it will give me great pleasure
to present the case to this body, and to be instru-
mental in removing the grievance complained of.
These petit oners do not, however, set forth what
particular grievance the existence of slavery and
the slave trade in the District of Columbia is to
them, how they are injuriously affected by it,
nor why and wherefore it should be abolished. I
am left to suppose, therefore, that the interest the
petitioners feel in this matter is not a particular in-
terest, arising from any connection with the  ub-
ject matter prayed for, not a grievance to them
specially, but that they suppose the existence of
slavery and the slave trade here is a grievance of
a general and national kind, which they, with all
other American citizens, have a right to petition
Congress to remove. I am very far from question-
ing the right of any citizen of this Union to petition
CoBgress, or their right to instruct their Represen-
tatives here as to such legislation for this District,
as will, in their opinion, best prom-ite the general
interest of the whole Confederacy; but I mark the
fact, that the petitioners were not agreed upon the
nature, extent, and bearing of the supposed griev-
ances they pray to have redressed, and were not
prepared to assign any reason for their removal, as
evidence that they had no particular cause of com-
plaint in the existence of slavery here. Living at
the distance of some hundred miles from the Dis-
trict, in a remote Slate of the Union, and having
little or no intercourse with it, it is not to be pre-
sumed tbat they should be as competeat to judge
what legislation would best promote the prosperity
and happiness of the people here, as the citi-
zens of the District themselves, who are to be more
immediately affected by such legislation. The pe-
titioners have, indeed, no right to interpose their
wishes, or will, as to such interests as are peculiar
to thepopulatiorof the District, and have no bearing
on the general interests of the Union. This, it
may be presumed, is well known to and understood
by them, and therefore the conclusion I have come
to, that the petitioners have no particular interest
in this matter, and have no claims to a hearing on
that account, is sufficiently evident.
I have no doubt but that the Constitution, by
giving to Congress the power "to exercise excla-
sive legislation in all cases whatsoever'1 over this
District, has given Congress the power to abolioh
slavery and Ihe slave trade here whenever the peo-
ple of the District ask, or the safely of the whole
Union requires it. Congress, as the constitutional
Legislature of this District, have, in my judgment, a
twofold duty to perform—;first, as the Representa-
tives of the District, not elected and choeen by the
people of the District, but made by the Constitu-
tion the only law-making power for it, and thereby
its constitutional Representatives: ucond, as the
Representatives of the whole nation. In the former
capacity, the power of Congress extending "to all
cases whatsoever," seems limitedonly by those great
principles of equality and justice which lay at the
foundation of all our legislation; in the latter they
can exercise no powers but such as are expressly
delegated to them, or such as are clearly necessary
to carry into effect the powers so expressly granted.
The principles adverted to, require ofAmerican le-
gislators that they should make the happiness of
the people the end and aim of all iheir enactments.
In their first capacity, therefore, as the Legislature
of the District, ihey are bound to consult the will
and wishes of the District, in a'l matters which
concern its inhabitants only. I conceive that the
will of the people here should be the governing
rule for the action of Congress, in all matters
of strictly local concern; unless that will demanded
something which would be injurious to the general
welfare. The reason why the framers of the Constitu-
tion gave to Congress, and not to a local Legislature,
the power of legislation over the Di-trict, was
probably to prevent the possibility ot^ny law be-
ing passed here, which might militate against the
general interest of the Confederacy; and not to
free Congress from the high moral obligation, in-
cumbent on it as the Legislature of the District, to
