164
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
whether any satisfactory data exist for computing
the probable cost of renWing the present impedi-
ments to navigation.
3.  Whether the sum appropriated by this bill
is called for in the estimates accompanying the
President's message.
4.  Whether the bill is not of such a character
that it ought to have originated in this House.
Mr. BIODLE having indicated a wish to ad-
dress the House on this bill, yielded the floor to
Mr. WISE, on whose motion,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, Pebrnary 5,1840.
On motion by Mr. WHITE, the petition of Ab-
ner E. Van Ness, on the files, was referred to the
Committee on the Public Land .
On motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the widow of
Joseph Yorke had leave to withdraw her petition
and papers.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the petition
of a number of citizens of Payette county, Pa. for
a reduction of postage; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of Cas-
per W. Weaver; wh:ch was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Dis'rict of Columbia.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
Leonard Bleeker; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. T. also presented the memorial of Silas M.
Stillwell, and N. T. Eldridge, of New York, pray-
ing the passage of a general bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of a
number of citizens of the Stale of Maine, praying
that measures may be taken to avoid wars between
nations, &c; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of James
McCally; which wasjreferred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. PRESTON submitted the following motion
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform the Senate whether, ia his an-
nual report, made a.t the commencement of the pre-
sent session of Congress, and in the estimates
therein contained of expenditures proposed for the
current year, he has included any sum, or proposed
any appropriation, for (be construction and con-
tinuation of the Cumberland road, and, if not,
whsther the omission was unintentional or de-
signed.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama submitted the following
motion for consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of establishing a higher minimum price for the lands
contained in the Miami reserve, situated in the
State of Indiana.
Mr. HUBBARD, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the settle-
ment of the claims of New Hampshire against the
United States; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama asked and obtained
leave to introduce a joint resolution relative to
taking the ensuing census of the United States;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary,
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill providing for the enlistment
of 1,500 men, for the defence of Florida; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of Francis Careau; which was read,
and ordered to a second reading.
The resolutions submitted yesterday by Mesm.
Smith of Connecticut and White, were considered
and agreed to.
The bill to repeal-certain acts respecting navy
pensions, and making farther provisions in relation
to navy pensions, was considered as in Committee
of die Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a
(bird reading.                                -   •
ASSUMPTION OF STATE DEBTS.
The report of the Select Committee on the as-
sumption by the Government of the debts of the
Stales was taken up, and Mr. CALHOUN ad-
dressed the Senate at lengthen defence of the doc-
trines of the report.
Mr. PRESTON, after a few remarks, moved to
lay ihe report on the table, which was negatived—
yeas 16, nays 29, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Beits, Clay of Kentuky, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Dixon, Henderson, Merrick,
Phelps, Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles, Smith of In-
diana, Southard, Spence, Tallmadge, and White
—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bu-
chanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cathbert,
Faltón, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Montón, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Ro-
binson, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut, Strange,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wall, Williams,
Wright, and Young—29.
The question then coming up on printing the
usual number of the report,
Mr. SMITH of Indiana stated that, though he
was opposed to the doctrines of the report, and had
been one of the minority on the committee which
made it, he jet thought it was due to the commit-
tee, and to the members of the Senate agree-
ing with them in opinion, that the usual number of
the report should be printed. For these reasons he
should vote in favor of the motion.
Mr.HENDERSON expressed similar sentiments.
Tne motion was agreed to—ayes 36, noes 8, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Betts, Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert,
Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Henderson, Hnbbard,
King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell,
Pierce, Prentiss, Roahe, Robinson, Sevier, Smith
of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Strange, Stur-
geon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Walker, Wall, White,
Williams, Wright, and Young—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Merrick, Phelps, Ruggles, Southard,
and Spence—8.
Mr. GRUNDY then moved to postpone its fur-
ther consideration, and make it the special order of
ihe day for Monday next; which was agreed to.
Mr. BENTON said, in pursuance of the notice
he had given, he now moved that thirty thousand
additional copies of the report be printed.
Mr. LUMPKIN said that, though a member of
the Select Commi'tee which submitted this report,
had this question been submitted when the report
was brought in, he would not have voted for the
extra number. But now, when it has been attacked
with unprecedented vioier.ee, and comments on it
circulated far and wide, before one half of the
members of the Senate have had an opportunity of
examining it, he was for giving it as wid" a
circulation as the comments made upon it. He
wou'd, therefore, vote for the extra number.
The question was then taken and agreed tc—
ayes 27, noes 18.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, February 5,1840.
The presentation of petitions being the first thing
in order, the SPEAKER commenced the call of
the States for that purpose, beginning with the
State of Massachusetts.
Petitions and memorials were then presented by
Messrs. PARMENTER, LINCOLN, H. WIL-
LIAMS, BRIGGS, CUSHING, W. S. HAS-
TINGS, REED; and
Mr. LAWRENCE presented a petition praying
the recognition of the independence of the Govern-
ment of Hayti; which was read, when Mr. L.
moved its reference to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. BANKS moved that it be laid on the tablr;
upan which motion the yeas and nays were or-
dered.
Mr. JAMESON/who was absent at the time his
name was called, desired to vote, but it was ruled
out oí order; when Mr. J. moved that his vote be
recorded in the affirmative.
The CHAIR said it would not then be in order.
Mr. JAMESON, Tor the purpose of having his
motion placed on the journal, would take an ap-
peal from that decision, and demanded the yeas and
Mr. JENIFER inquired if it would at that time
be in order to entertain an appeal.
The CHAIR said the decision would be arbitrary
if it was not entertained at that time. If it was
not then in "order it would not be at any other time.
Mr. DAWSON thoughtlt would do the greatest
injustice to the Speaker to take an appeal from a
just decision, merely to get such a motion en-
tered on the journal contrary to the rules.
Mr. JAMESON did not wish to do injustice to
the Speaker. He had made a request of the
House, to give him permission to record his vote;
but objection had been made, very improperly, and
he thcught it perfectly in order to make the motion
he had.
Mr. DAWSON hoped the gentleman would see
ihe impropriety of Ihe course, and withdraw bis
appeal.
Mr. JAMESON withdrew his appeal.
The question on laying on the table was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 63.
Petitions were further presented from Massachu-
re'ts. by Messrs. WM. B. CALHOUN, BAKER,
SALTONSTALL, and ADAMS.
[\fr: Saltonstall presented the memorial of
sundry citizens of Boston, merchants, praying in-
demnification for property sequestrated by the Go-
vernor of Hayti, many yeais ago.]
[Mr. Adams presented a memorial from the
American Philosophical Society, prayirgan appro-
priation by Congress to carry on a '•eiies of magne;
ticai experiments, and meteorological observations
which was referred to a select committee of nine, to
be appointed for that purpose, and ordered to be
printed. Also, from W. McNally, and twelve hun-
dred other signers, Americsn seamen, praying Con-
gress to take into consideration their unprotected
condition, and grant some appropriate relief: re-
ferred to the Commi'tee on Foreign Affairs, and
ordered to be printed. Mr. A. hoped that«ommit-
tee would take the matter into serious considera-
tion, for he believed there was no class of the free
people of the United States who so much needed a
revision of the laws for their proteciion.]
[Mr. Parmenter presented the memorial of
Lemuel Wheelock and others, contesting the right
of Osmyn Baker to a seat in the House, a^ a Re-'
preventative from the Sixth Congressional District
of Massachusetts, setting forth that he was not cho-
sen by a majority of the votes of said district as re-
quired by the laws of ¡Massachusetts and the Consti-
tution of the Un'ted States, to which committee, on
motion of Mr. Lincoln, the certificate of election,
given to Mr. Baker by Ihe Governor of Massa-
chusetts, was a>o referred. Also, the petition of
Elizabeth Stockwell for a Revolutionary pension;
of Mary Reed for the same; of Lucy Tusalls for
the same; of William Kilham and ot¿ rs,of Saxop^
ville, Massachusetts, for security against frauds in "
duties on woollens; of Se h Bemis and,o hers, of
Waliham, Massachusetts, for the same purpose; of
Benjamin B. Adams and others, for a ma.il routs
from Framingham to Cnelseyford, Massachusetts;
of Joel Kn'ght and seventy-five o'her¡=, pray-
ing that the exportation of cpium to Cnina in
American vessels may be prohibited^ af B:njamin
Hawkes for the regulation of pay; of Ellery Brown
for Revolutionary pens on; which were appropri-
ate'!' referred.]
[Mr. Hastings of Massachusetts presented the
petition of David Davenport and twenty-two other
citizens of Mendon, Mass.; práyingjthat the rates of
letter postage may be so reduced as not
to exceed ten cents on a single letter: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post "Office
and Post Roads. AK-o, the petition of Mary
Kilbourn of Northfield, Mass. for a pensor:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions. Al-o, the petition of Adolphus Batchellor
and sixty-one other citizens of Northbriclge, Mass
praying for a Congress of Nations to establish a
code of international law, and a High Court of Na-
tions to decide on all cases' of international diffi-
culty: referred; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Abo, the memorial of Joseph'Prancej and one hua-
v
