468
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
rnieo nc
'tbases-
te, withe
GOOLE, LINCOLN, PETRIKIN. WI8E,
BRIGGS, F. THOMAS, and LEADBETTER,
l|r. WISE moved a suspension of the rnlee, in
order to enable the Sfcakh to lay the common-
eatioa and his answer before the Horn*. Bat be-
fore taking toy question,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thctwdat, February 6,1840.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the 8enate
a report of the Secretary of the Treasury, made in
compliance with resolutions of the Senate of the
30th December last, in relation to tolls collected on
vessels pasting through the Louisville and Port 
land canal; which was read, and referred to the
Committee oa Roads and Canals.
Also, a letter from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting fifty-two copies of the Army Register for
the year 1840, which was read.
Mr. ROANE presented the memorial of Nancy
Hickman; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. PIERCE presented the memorial of Colonel
Many, and other officer  of the 3d regiment of infan-
try, praying that the officers of the line of the army
may be placed upon the same footing, ¡a point of
pay, with the officers of the several staff corps.
. Mr. P. said he desired to remark here, in reply
to many inquiries that bad been propounded to
him upon this subject, that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs would soon repoit a bill for the equali-
sation of the pay of the officers of the army, agree-
ably to the instructions of a resolution which he
had the honor to submit at an early day of
sion, and which was adopted by the Senate,
out a dissenting voice.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented the memorial of a
number of masters of steamboats, and others, of
New Orleans, praying the establishment of lights,
for rendering more easy the navigation between
the cities of New Orleans and Mobile; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PHELPS presented the petition of John
S. Morton and John Lartabee; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. YOUNG submitted documents ia relation to
the claim of Robert K. McLaughlin; which were
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. BENTON submitted a document contain-
ing the annual payments on account of the public
debt, and the revenas from customs and sales of
public land  in each year, front 1789 to 1839;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HUBBARD presented the memorial of
Ramsay MeHenry; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the consideration ef
the memorial of Benjamin L. Carleton, and it was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pennons,
to wfajch was referred the bill for the relief of
Samuel Crapm, reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, to which
«a-referred
The petition of Abraham White;
The memorial of Warebam Kingsley; and
A document relating to (he claim of James T.
Chittenden;
made, severally, adverse reports on the same.
On motion by Mr. BETT8, the Committee on
Pensions was discharged from the further consi-
deration of the petition of Hannah Gouge, and
from the further consideration of the memorial of
Thomas Harrison.
Mr. BB1TS, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Jeremiah
Fugiu, msde aa adverse report thereon.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred a report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in relation to the execution
of the thirteenth and fourteenth sections of the act
to regulate the deposites of the public money;
Taememoiial of the Legislative Assembly of
the Territory of Wisconsin, praying for an appro-
priation for the erection of a penitentiary, and
The memorial of John Reed;
asked to be discharged from their further conside-
ration, and that they be laid upon the table; which
wat agreed to.
Mr. LINN submitted the following motion far
consideration:
Rttokti, That the Secretary of War be request-
ed to send to the Senate his opinion of the expedi-
ency of establishing a line of military posts
at suitable places and distances from the Mis-
souri river, near the mouth of the Platte,
into the pass or passes of the Rocky moun-
tains most usually traversed to descend into
the valley of the Oregon or Columbia river; the ef-
fects of such a measure in giving encouragement
and protection to the American fur trader; facili-
tating intercourse between the valley of the Mis-
sissippi and the great western ocean; aiding and
protecting trading caravans; overawing and hold-
ing in check various Indian tribes, in front and
rear of such posts; the number and kind of force
necessary for such service; the probable cost of
keeping up said posts; and whether it would be ne-
cessary to increase the military force of the United
States to accomplish these objects.
Mr. LINN submitted the following motion,
which was considered and adopted:
Racittd, Tbat the Committee oa Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the pension laws, as to authorize the
Commissioners of Pensions to pay to the adminis-
trator or administrators on the estate of a pensioner,
where the widow is dead, the amonnt coming to
the children of the deceased, but, at the same time,
not to make this fund liable for the debts of the dc-
. ceased. ^^
] Mr. HUBBARD submitted documents in the
claim of Gershom Morse; which, with a resolution,
was referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The resolution submitted some days since by Mr.
Tafpam, to amend the joint rules in relation to pe-
titions, was taken up.and ordered to be printed.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr. Cut
of Alabama, after being amended on motion of Mr.
f?Mmr of Indiana, was considered and agreed to-
ares 30, noes 5.
The bill for the relief of Charles Morgan, after
being amended, and changing its title to 'A bill
for the relief of Susannah Honeyman, her heirs
or assigns;"
The bill to amend the "act to provide for taking
the sixth census or enumeration of the inhabitants
of the United States, approved March 3J1839;"
The bill to authorize John E. Mctcalf,and others,
to locate certain pre-emption claims to land in In-
diana;
were severally considered as in Commitiee of
the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. PRESTON moved that the orders of the
day be suspended, and the resolution submitted by
bim some days since be taken np for consideration.
On this motion a debate sprung up, in which
Messrs. PRESTON, KING, BROWN, ROBIN-
^N, CRITTENDEN, SMITH of Indiana,
NORVELL, WHITE, WRIGHT, and CLAY of
Alabama participated.
When, on motion of Mr. CLAY of Alabama, it
was laid on the table—ayes 25, noes IS.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
^v   0„^?"aD'tr. Febntary 6,1840.
The SPEAKER begged leave to make a short
explanation this morning, in relation to the subject
wnich was under discussion yesterday evening. It
had been suggested yesterday by several gentle-
men, that u was probably doe to himself, and to
the relations he bore to the Howe, that he should
explain the reasons which induced bin to decline
presenting the communication he received from the
Governor „d Cantil o{ New ,       ^ Jf ft ^^
be the pleasure, therefore, of the House, he would
desireio lay the correspondence referred to before
i . Th  course would, perhaps, tend to pat an end
to wuweapary debate, and da away with (be nc
cessity of suspending the rules, as «ovad by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wis*. J
The correspondence was then read, as follows:
Stat* or N*w Jkmkt,
Kxxctmva Dswabtmsiht,
Trenton, Jan. 24,1840.
Situ I herewith transmit a copy of  preamble
and resolutions passed by the Legislature of the
State of New Jersey at their present session, and
request that you will lay the same before tne ne-
presentativea of the Twenty-sixth Congress from
the several States, now assembled at Washington.
I have the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant,                          „^~-,« 
WILLIAM PENNITOTON,
Governor of New Jet say.
Hods* or R«m«sxntative or tub U. B.
Washington, January 30,1840.
To his Excellency Gov. Pkkninoton:
Sir: I have received, through yon, the resolutions
of the Council and General Assembly of New
Jersey, a copy of which was ordered to be trans-
mitted to "the Hon. R. M. T. Hdntxb, a Repre-
sentative from the State of Virgin a, wi'h the re-
quest that he w.U lay the same before the other
Represen'atives from the several States now as-
sembled at Washington."   As an individual, or
as a member from the State of Virginia, I should
always esteem it a distinguished   honor  to  be
selected  as the organ through whom the sove-
reign  State  of New  Jersey   might  be pleased
to  express  its  wishes and opinions.     But,   as
I have   no   right   to   suppose   tbat   the   Coun-
cil and General Assembly of New Jersey have de-
signed thus to distinguish me individually, Ad to
the exclusión of the honorable member from that
State, who, with others, constitute the present
House of Representatives, 1 feel bound to con-
clude, upon this consideration and from the general
tenor of the resolutions themselves, that they were
sent to me on account of the station which I at
Íireaent occupy. Under these circumstances, I beg
eave most respectfully to decline to lay these reso-
lutions before the House over which I have the
honor to preside, as, virtually, they seem to deny
my title to the office of Speaker, and the right of
those who have invested me with tbat trust.
The House of Representatives of the United
States of America having elected a Speaker, has a
right to expect that all communications made to it
through its organ, should be addressed to him in
his official capacity. Under this view of the case,
it would seem that I cannot comply with the re-
quest of the Council and General Assembly of New
Jersey, with a due regard to the dignity of the
House, or without admitting by reference that it
bad conferred upon me auihorry which it had no
right to give, and that I myself am discharging the
functions of an office to which I have ao tif'e.
These are admissions which I am not prepared to
make.
In thus s atmg my views in reference to the re-
quest made of me, I raise no question as to the
propriety of the resolutions themselves, or as to the
right of the Council and General Assembly of New
Jersey to adopt them. I -only refer lo them aa
they relate to my official station, to show that I am
influenced by no want of respect for the constitu-
ted authorities of the State of New Jersey, but
governed entirely by a sense of duty to the House
of which I am the organ, and which may expect
tbat I shall not lay before them communications
which refuse to accredit me as such. I am not
disposed to cavil about mere matters of form, nor
do I imagine that a personal disrespect waa mended
to be offered to me by those, whose station and dig-
nity alike forbid such a supposition. But when aa
omission of form seems designed as a mode of de-
nying the rights and privileges of the House of
Representatives, of which I am the organ, it be-
comes my duty to do nothing which may recog-
nise the propriety of such an omission.
I have retsined the copy of the resolutions trasw-
mnted to me, until I shall be further advised by
your Excellency of any other disposition which ft
may be proposed lo make of them.
In conclusion, I beg leave to express my request
that I should be unable to comply with any regset
