CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
nade of aw by the Council and General Assembly
of New Jersey.
1 hare the honor to be, with great respect, your
obedient servant,               R. M. T. HUNTER.
Mr. RANDOLPH observed that he did not hear
the objections made yesterday by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania. If he had heard the gentle-
man, he would have replied to them. The fifty-
fourth rale, Mr. R. said, was applicable to petitions
and memorials only, and not to resolations coming
from a sovereign State. He did not think, there-
fore, that they should be laid over, by the opera-
lions of this ruie.
The SPEAKER suggested to the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] that he had better
withdraw his motion to suspend the rule , the ob-
ject having been accomplished by laying the cor-
respondence before the House.
Mr. WISE said his only object, oa yesterday, in
pressing the motion that the Speaker be permuted
to give his reasons, was to enable that gentleman
to place hkasetf right before the country. His ob-
ject was attained by the reading of the correspon-
dence, which would be placed on the journal.
That correspondence gave satisfactory reasons for
the coarse the Speaker had pursued; and he
deemed his motion now unnecessary, and with-
drew it.
The SPEAKER then informed the gentleman
from New Jersey, that the resolutions were before
the House oa the motion to print them.
Mr. LEADBETTER rose to a question affect-
ing the journal, and stated that, after what had
transpired on yesterday in relation to the presenta-
tion of the joint resolations of the Legislature of
the State of New Jersey, he should move to strike
out the entry made in that case, and to insert the
following as an amendment:
**Mr. Rakdolph inquired of the Emax  if he had received
certain joint resolutions from the Governor and Council of the
Stale of New Jersey; and if eo, did ibe 9huio ¡Dtcnd to pre-
sent them) And if the Bpbaxxb did not intend to present them,
did the Chais with to state hta reaaona for refusing lopreeent
them!
The 8r*Ana replied that he bad received certain resolu-
tion* from the Gerernor and Council, addressed to him «a *
member of the House, and not as Speaker; that he should not
present them, and had so informed the Governor and Council.
"Mr. Rahdolph. Then I will present them, and more to
have them spread open the journal.
"Mr. Lsaascttes objected, as being out of order.
The Chais staled, that bj the practice of the Honae, then-
aoUnioas were m order.
"Mr. Haws lose to the same question of order; and, daring a
desultory debate, when Mr. Randolph was called upon to
either state the contenta of the resolution, or to hare them read.
"Mr. Raitdolph replied, let them be read.
"Mr. Dsosraoou rose, and objected to the reception, and
sSould combine to do so, until the Speaks* «hould state hi*
reasons lor not presenting those resolution*."
Mr. L. stated that this amendment had been
hastily drawn up, and would of course be subject
to corrections wherein it might differ from i he facts.
But, sail Mr. L. permit me here to state, that if
those resóration? bad found their way upon the
journals oí this House, in accordance with its
rules, an amendment of the journal would not
have been called for by me; but justice to myself,
to the House, and to the country, seem to require
that the journal should be its own expositor of the
way and manner in which those resolutions found
their way upon ihem. Let those resolutions be
coached in language ever so respectful—let them
have emanated from a sovereign Slate or elsewhere,
I innst that, inasmuch as they came n- tin under
the prescribed rules of the House, "but climbed
up some other way," it is bnt just, right, aud pro-
per, that the journals should present the facts of the
case. I will here inquire how thof e resolutions
came there, and if I am wrong, I hope that some
gefflleman will comet me.
After the honorable member from'New Jersey,
IMr. Randolph,] had imparled with the Speaker,
he presented the joint resolutions of ibe Legisla-
ture of his State, and moved that they be spread
upoa the journal; to which I objected, beiner in-
formed by the Speaekr that resolutions and memo-
rials from the Legislatures of the States had, by
the former practice of the House, been always con-
sidered as in order upon petition days. The hono-
rable member from New Jersey was then called
upon, either to state the contents of the resolutions,
or to have them read; to which he replied, "Let
tbembe leaa." During this eall, an honorable
member from New York, {Mr. Hahd,] rose to the
same point of order, received and the same infor-
mation from the Chair that I had. Daring a
desultory debate, whether the Speaker should as-
sign to the House his reason for refusing to pies-nt
the resolutions, an honorable member from Vir-
ginia, over the way, [Mr. Drohooole,] obtained
the floor, and objected to their reception, and said
he would continue to do so until the Speaker
should be permitted to state his reasons for the re-
fusal, if he desired se to do.
Tha motion to reject was not withdrawn; yet
I understand that the Chair decided that the reso-
lutions were received, in which, with all due re-
spect for the Chair, I then thought, and still think,
that the Chair erred; but this decision being; made,
I felt myself constrained to put myself and the
matter right before the country; and before a peti-
tion, memorial, or resolution, can be received by
this House, it must either be read for the informa-
tion of the House, or its contents briefly stated.
Now, sir, I ask was this done? Who neard them
either read ur their contents stated? Who among
us even now knows what those resolutions
contained? How do we know hut what they are
in direct violation of the ru'e adopted by this
House, a few days ago, in relation to the subject
of Abolition? How do we know, s r, but they
contain direct propositions for the immediate abo-
lishment of slavery in the District of Columbia?
Did you hear them read? Did you hear a brief
statement of their contents? No, sir. No. Then, sir,
before the power of the ru'e requiring that they
should be either read, or a statement of their eon-
tents briefly made, had exhausted itself, the
objection to the reception was made by the
gentleman from Virginia, and not withdrawn.
Then, sir, bow stand the tscts of the case? Sim-
ply thus: that we have spread upon our journa's
preambles, resolutions, <fcc. &a of which we know
nothing, except from dame rumor, and that at a
time when the Home were resting, insecurely, un-
der the apprehension that the quesiton of reception
was stid before us.
Although these resolutions are upon the journal,
(the reading of that part of which is dispensed
with,) vet, sir, suppose that it shall appear hereaf-
ter that those resolutions are intended as a direct
insult to this body, and we shall be compelled to
hear the record of our own disgrace heralded forth
to the world, how much more does the justice and
propriety of this amendment to the journal present
nself to our consideration? Nor this alone—let the
same journal, which bears the record of our dis-
grace, also transmit to posterity the way and man-
ner in which this disgrace came upon the record.
Mr. REED hoped that part of the gentleman's
motion would not be adopted. The gentleman
was for putting on the journal a desultory debate,
verifying the old adage, that there might be "too
much ot a good thing." This reminded him of an
anecdote he had heard relating to a circumstance
that took place in the old Plymouth colony. A
man there was punished by whipping for some
trifling crime; and, when putting on his jacket to
go away, was told by the judge to come back and
pay a shilling for recording. The culprit an-
swered, that he did not care whether they recorded
it or not. Mr. R. concluded by moving to lay the
motion of Mr. Leadbetter on tbe table.
Mr. JONES of New York demanded the yeas'
and nays.
Mr. TILLINGtHAST inquired of (he Chair
whether it had not been the invariable practice, in
making up the journal, to insert thereon the joint
resolutions passed by State Legislatures.
The SPEAKER said the journal, as it now
stood, was in the usual form.
Mr. BEATTY inquired if it had been usual to
insert on the journal resolutions of the States
couched in improper language, and denying the
organization of the House. Mr. B. denied that
such was the practice, and was proceeding to de-
bate that point, but was called to order by
The SPEAKER, who said the motion to lay on
the table was not debatable.
Mr. BEATTY. I am sorry that the gag hid
been applied in this esse; He wished it could be
debated.
The yea* and nays were, then ordertd on the
motion to lay on the table; and were—yeas 87,
nays 86.
So it was laid oa the table.
The question then recurring on the motion to
print,
Mr. STEENROD demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and were—yeas 94, nays 99.
Petitions and memorials were then further pre-
sented,
By Mr. RANDOLPH, of New Jersey.
The SPEAKER presented the report of the
minority of the Joint Committee of the Legislature
of New Jersey, approving of the course of the
House of Representatives in excluding from seats
the spurious members returned from that State.
Mr. RANDOLPH moved that it be laid on the
table and be printed.
Mr. BEATY sailed for the reading of the report;
which was proceeded in for a short time, when
Mr. DANA moved that the reading be dis-
pensed with.____
Mr. BEATTY persisted in having it read. It
was a ceuttesy due to the House that, after the ma-
jority report bad been read, the rainajiiy also
should be read.
Mr. DAVIES of Pennsylvania objected to the
reading; when
Mr. BEATTY demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the reading, but subse-
quently withdrew it.
The quest on was then taken on the motion to
suspend, and decided in the affirmative, without a
count.
Mr. CRARY said the' Chair had decided that
it had been usual to place on the journal resolu*
tions of State Legislatures,' but he believed mat
rule bad been departed from in some instances;
therefore, for fear that the resolutions might or
might not be placed there, he moved to amend the
motion to lay on the table, .and print, by add-
ing, and that the same be spread on the journal.
Mr. R. GARLAND inquired -if it was in order
to amend a motion to lay oa the table.
Mr.PBTRIKlN inquired of the Cha-r whether ,if
the yeas and nays be ordered on the motion to lay
on the table and print, the resolutions would not
be also inserted on the journal.
The SPEAKER. According to the usual prac-
tice, ihey would.
Mr. CRARY withdrew his motion to amend, as
the object he had in view to get it spread on the
journal could be accomplished in another way.
Mr.TURNEY then demanded the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and were—yeas 155, nays 1.
So tbe motion to print and lie on the table pre- s
vailed.                                                                      ,-*
Petitions and memorials were then presented by y
Messrs.    DAVIES,    PETRIKIN,     RAMSEY!
BEATTY, HENRY, NAYLOR, JAMES, SAR-
GEANT,    S.   W. MORRIS,   KEIM,   LEET,
McCULLOH,      SIMONTON,      EDWARDS,
NEWHARD, BIDDLE,   PAYNTER,   OGLE,
and COOPER, of Pennsylvania, and ah  by the "
SPEAKER, from citizens of that Staje.       "   '"" f
[Mr. Henry presented the following pemiiorist
The petition of Thomas Stratum, of Beaver eb'u'nty;
Pennsylvania, a soldier of the Revolution, praying'
for remuneration for services jn ihe Revolutionary  '
wars on motion; referred to the Committee on Re- .:
volutionary Pensions.   Of John Spear, of Mercer''
county, Pennsylvania, praying to be placed'on jKe "*
pension l'st on account of ^service's in the IndisijT'1
war, undef General Wayne', by" which his health*'
was impaired, and is now old and poor, and una- r'
ble to support himself by labor: on motion,' re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.   Of
the heirs of Capt. Robert Vance, deceased,, who
served as a captain in the war of the Revolution/
in the Virginia line, from 1776 to the end of the
war, praying for commutation pay and interest to
which their father was entitled: referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pen  ions.   Of Simon"''
Carley, of Beaver county; Pennsylvania, a Revolt!  '
tionary soldier,'praying for a pension on account"' ■
of his service: referred to the Committee «n Revo- ^
lutionary Pensions.   Of WilliamScott, of Beaver ■ ■
county, Pennsylvania, praying for a pension or4
account, of extraordinary exposure and loss Of
health in the service- ef the  United States m toe
