168
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
late w«: referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.    Of James Scott, of Mercer county,
Pennsylvania, ptaying to be placed on the invalid
pension list, on account of disability occasioned by
exposure in the service of the United States in the
late wan referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.   Of John  Butts, of Dauphin county,
Pennsylvania, on behalf of himself and other heirs
of Captain Hawkins Boon, an officer of the Revo-
lution, praying for commutation pay under the re-
solniion of Congress of 1780: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.  01 Robert Dock,
praying for remuneration for losses sustained in the
Revolutionary war: jelerred to the Committee of
Claims.   Of Josiah Westlake, of Mercer county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an additional pension,
which has been withheld from him from March 4,
1824, to September 4,1831: referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.   Of Thomas Hall, of
Beaver county, Pennsylvania, a soldier of the Re-
volutionary war, praying to be placed on the pen-
sion list on account of  Revolutionary services:
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.   Of John Kiliinger, of Mercer county, Penn-
sylvania, a soldier in the late war, praying to be
placed on the pension roll in consequence of loss
of health, occasioned by exposure in the service of
his country: referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.   Two petitions of a number of citizens
of Mercer county, and one from Beaver county,
Pennsylvania, prayingfor the recognition, by the Go-
vernment of the United Stales, of tie independence
of Hay ti, and for tbe establishment of diplomatic
and commercial relations with that Republic: laid
oa the table.   The memorial of the American Silk
Society, praying- that the Journal of the American
Silk Society and Rural Economist may be patro-
nized, and circulated among tbe American people
free of expense:  referred to the Committee on
Manufactures.    The memorial of one hundred
and fotty-eight citizens of Beaver connty, Pennsyl-
vania, engaged in, the manufacture of woollen
goods, praying Congress to pass a law to prevent
frauds being committed against tbe revenue laws,
and to protect manufactures: referred to the Com-
mittee on Manufactures.   Two remonstances of a
number of citizens of Mercer county, Pennsylva-
nia, against the annexation of Texas u this Union:
laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. Henrt,
Ht$clvei, That the Committee on the Public
Lands be, and they are hereby, instructed to in-
quire into the expediency of making provision for
issuing land scrip to satisfy military bounty land
warrants, or make such other immediate provision
for all cases of outstanding military or Revolu-
tionary land warrants, for the satisfaction of which
there remain no lands appropriated, as said com-
mittee may deem expedient.]
[Mr. Kbim presented the following: petition from
the electors of the third District, asking ao investi-
gation into the right of Chirles Naylob, holding
a seat in Congress: referred to the Committee of
Elections. Of Horatio N- Crabb, late a first
Lieutenant ef Marines, asking a restoration of
pay and allowances, withheld from him under a
decision of the accounting officers of the Trea-
sury: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Of,citizens of city and county of Philadelphia,
praying that a steam revenue cutter may be con-
structed for the public service in Delaware bay:
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs. Prom
one hundred citizens of Berks county, Pennsylva-
nia, praying Congress to establish a post route
from Douglassville to Hamburg, in county and
State aforesaid: referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Pott Roads.]
[Mr. Ramsey presented the following petitions:
Of the citizens of Adams county, Pennsylvania,
for the establishment of a post route from Gettys-
burg to Hanover, via McSherrys'own. Of Capt.
Jno. Smith, claiming for Revolutionary services.
Of Lieutenant Scott Ketchnm of the United States
army, for relief.   Of the heirs of Mathew Armon,
deceased, for relief]
[Mr. S. W. Morris presented the petition of
sundry inhabitants of Tioga county, Pennsylvania,
asking for tbe establishment of a post road from
Lawrenceville to Sonthport.   Of Edward Lilly,
a soldier in the la«t war, praying for a pension.]
[Mr. Pbtbjkin presented the following peti-
titions: Of Jonathan Bulkley of Luzerne county, Pa.
praying Congress to grant him a pension for injuries
received while in the serivce of the United States
Navy: referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Of John Atherton for a pension for services render-
ed in the Revolutionary war: referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions. Of Abbott
Green and George Schnalle, praying that money
deposited by them in the Treasury of the United
States to purchase lands be refunded to them:
referred to the Committee on the Pubic
Lands. Of Daniel P. Rake for a law to
authorize a location of military land war-
rant: referred to the Commitiee on the Public
Lands. Of S. Raub, jr. relative to his invenaon to
prevent accidents by the bursting of steam boilers on
board of sbipi and boats: referred to a Select Com-
mittee of Seven. Of Charles Hickman and eighty-
two other citizens and electors resident in the Third
Congressional District of Pennsylvania, contesting
the right of Charles Naylor to a seat in the
House of Representatives: referred to the Com-
mittee on Elections.]
[Mr. Leet faid he had in his band a memorial
s'gned  by Joseph Henderson of the county of
Washington, in the State of Pennsylvania, who is
one of the heirs and attorney in feet for the other
heirs of Richard Dallinor, Jaie of tbe State of Dela-
ware, deceased.   The petition sets forth  that R.
Dallinor, in tbe capacity of captiin, in the militia
in   the   S'ate   of Delaware,   ferred during the
whole of the Revolutionary war, and requests that
the petitioners may be allowed five years' pay and
the usual quantity of land granted to captains in
the contineatal army: referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions.]
[Mr. Osli presented the following petitions:
From Edwin P. Shoenberger, and others, of Bed-
ford county, Pa. to revise the laws for ihe collection
of duties, and make them more effectual in pre-
venting frauds. Prom Daniel Young and others,
of same county, and State, of similar import. From
Robert Graham of Westmoreland coun'y, Penn. to
confirm bi< right to certain lauds in Illinois. From
Abram Beam and others, of Somerset county, Pa.
praying teat the postage on letters may be so re-
duced, that no single letter shall be charged more
than ten cents. From William Kellar of Bedford
county, Pa. a soldier in the late war, for pension.
From Pliny Hayes of Cambria count/, Pa. a sol-
dier of the Revolution, for increase of pension.
From the heirs of Lieut. Col. James Piper (of the
army of the Revolution) for compensation for ser-
vices rendered by their ancestor. From citizens of
Eiie county, Pa. for the improvement of the harbor
at the mouth of Elbi Creek on Lake Erie. Frcm
citizens of Louisville, praying that the tolls on the
Louisville and Portland canal may be reduced.
From Abraham Morrison, esq. of Cambria county,
Pa. one of the sureties of the late Capt. Webster,
postmaster at Somerset, Pa. to refund money un-
justly collected.]
By Messrs. JENIFER, FRANCIS THOMAS.
WORTH1NGTON, PHILIP F.THOMAS, Wm!
C. JOHNSON, CARROLL, and HILLEN, of
Maryland.
Mr. JENIFER, by consent, submitted the fol-
lowing resolution; which was adopted:
Resolved, That a committee of nine be appointed
to inquire in'o, and report what measures had bfea
adopted by the Government of the United State?,
under the resolution of the 28th February, 1837, in
íelation ths high duties andrestric ions on tobacco
imported into foreign countries from the United
States; and with such other information in relation
to the tobacco trade as said commitiee may deem
proper.
Petitions were then presented by Messrs.
BANKS, HOPKINS, CRAIG, J.  W.  JONES
£?£"&£• T- H1LL' steenrod.holle:
™™ioJ°£N?0N' M'CARTY, LUCAS, SA-
MUELS TALIAFERRO, COLES, BOTTS,
J'GARLAND, and J.| JOHNSON, of Virginia.
IMr- Ckaio presented the following petitions:
Of Richard Rains for a pension for Revolutionary
EerWce*.  Of Margaret and Mary Dating for the
i
same. Of the citizens of Rockbridge and Bath
county for the establishment of a post route. Of
the president and visiters of the Yum ««Walk 
for the education of the deaf and dumb and of the
blind. Of the heirs of Dr. Thomas Carter praying
to be allowed interest) on a half pay claim here-
tofore paid under an act of Congress. Of Jame 
Brownlee, of Botetourt county, Va. for artearages
of pay due his father for sevices in the Revo-
lution. Of Thomas G. Smith praying that a war-
rant may be granted him to locate 2,666i acres ot
land, for reasons therein tet forth.l
[Mr. Gcogin presented the petition of Samuel
auarles, of Bedford c.mnty, Va. for an allowance
for carrying ihe mail from Pittsylvania C. H. Va.
to Patrick C. H. Va. referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. Petition of the
same for carrying the mail from Boydton, Va. to
Blacks and Whites, Va. referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads. Petition of
Clayton and Mitchell, of the county of Franklin,
Va. asking to be paid arrears of pension of Wm.
Kemplin, deceased, a Revolutionary soldier: re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Petition of John Murcheson, of Campbell county,
Va. praying compensation for Revolutionary ser-
vices: referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions ]
[On motion of Mr. Garland of Virginia,
Resolved, That the Commit.ee on the Post Offiee
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the
expediency of establishing a mail route from Pedlar
Mills, in the county of Amherst, to Fairfield, in the
county of Rockbridge, in the State of Virginia ]
[Mr. J. Johnson presented a petition praying for
the establishment of the following post routes in
the State of Virginia: From Beverly, in the county
of Randolph, to Evansville, in the connty of Pres-
ton; from Huttonsville, in the county of Randolph,
to Cccklytown, in the county of Pocahontas; from
Jacksonville, in the county of Wood, to Arnolds-
burg, in the county of Lewis. Of John Thomp-
son, Neil Shannon, Peter Ambler, and Joseph
Cubberly, asking to be placed on the list of invalid
pensions. Of Adam Fksher, an old soldier,
praying to be released from a judgment obtained
against him in tbe United States court for the
western district of Virginia.]
Mr. Banks, on Thursday last, presented the re-
solution* of the Legislature of Virginia below, and
moved the following order on the same:
Ordered, That the said resolutions be referrti to
the Committee on the Public Lands, wi h insTac-
ti ons to inquire into the expediency of making an
addiiional appropriation of land to satisfy the out-
standing military bounty land warrants issued,
under the authority of the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia, to the officers and soldiers of tbe Revolution,
or their legal representatives.
Resolved by the General Assembly, That our Sena-
tors in Congress be instructed, and our Representa-
tives be requested, to ase their best exertions to
procure from Congress an additional appropriation
of land to satisfy the outstanding miliary bounty
land warrants issued, under the authority of this
Commonwealth, to the officers and soldiers of the
Revolution, or their legal representatives.
Renlved, That the Governor of the Common-
wealth be requested to transmit a copy of the above
resolution to each of our Senators and Representa-
tives in the Congress of the United States.
By Messrs. STANLY and GRAHAM, of Ncr h
Carolina.
By. Messrs. S. H. BUTLER, W. THOMP.
SON, and HOLMES, of South Carolina.
By Mes rs. MARK A. COOPER, HABER.
SHAM, WARREN, aud DAWSON, of Georgia.
[Mr. Dawson presented two petitions, one of
which had been presented to the l?st Congress
from James S. Calhoun of the city of Columbus'
Georgia, asking rtmuneratioa for lojs-s ano! da-
mages sustained by the acts of tbe military offi-
cers and authorized agents of the General Govern-
ment, by impressing bis property for the public
use, and violating, lor the.public imrest, certain
contracts solemnly entered into between the said
JamesS Calhoun and the Government: referred
to the Committee of Claims, with the accompany-
ing documents.  One from Gen. Duncan L. Clineh
