/
cojreMs&tóírAL gimb.
m
BBS
of . Mary*, Georgia, asking pay for supplies
farntfied, taken, and used by the officers and sol-
diers cf the General Government belonging to Gen.
CÜnch during the Florida campaign: referred,
\nth the accompanying evidence, to the Committee
of Claims. One from John M. Kennie of the city
of Augusta, Gicrgia, praying compensation for
securing a certain debt due the United States: re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims. One from
certain citizens of the coanty of Gilmer and other
counties «Georgia, asking the establishment of a
line of stages between Ashville, in Nonh Carolina,
and Ossvil'e, in Georgia: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Ofl ce and Post Roads. One from
certain cit zees in Washington oun'y, asking Con-
gress to establish a post office at Buffalo, in «aid
county, and a mail rente from that place to Mil-
ledgeville, G?org i: referred to the Commitiee on
the Pest Office and Post Roads. A let'er from
James Edmondson, postmaster at Cuhuttah
Sp ings, in Mnrray county, Georgia, in relation to
a mail route bítceen Sprng Place, in said county,
and Cleveland, in E*st Tennessee: referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. A
letter from P. Le Chartier, chairman of ihe Board
of the Commission'-rs of Pilotage, asking that the
city of Darten, in the State of Ge 'rg¡a, be roa Je a
pert of entry, &c. refemd to the Committee on
Commerce. A resouticn of the General Assembly
of the 8ta'e of Georgia, asking that a stage rrute
be estab^shed fro n Clarkes7iilc, Haber-lnm coun-
tv, Georgia, to Ashvtl'e, Buncombe countv, North
Carolina, by the way of Clayton and Franklin;
also, that a weekly mail be carried upon horseback
from Lafayette, in the county of Walker, to Salem,
in the county of Dade, in the State of Georgir: re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads. A petition from John Dennis, a superan-
nuated officer of 'he custom-house, in the city of
Savannah, asking additional pay for his services:
refeired to the Committee on Commerce. One
from Wm. Mosely and other , in Henry county,
Georgia, asking th? establishment of a post route,
Ac. referred te the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.]
By Messrs. GRAVES, ANDERSON. TRIP-
LETT, UNDERWOOD, GREEN, ANDREWS,
BOYD, BUTLER, and DAVIS, of Kentucky.
By Messrs. CAVE JOHNSON, JAS. L WIL-
LIAMS, CARTER, BELL, C. H. WILLIAMS,
CAMPBELL, TURKEY, and McCLELL AN, of
Tennessee.
[Mr. McCi.EU.iN presented the petition of Mrs.
An key Gjdsey, of Sullivan county, Tennessee,
widow of Wm. Godsey, deceased, a Revolutionary
soldier, praying to be allowed a pension; upon
his motion was referred to the Committe on Revo-
lutionary Pensions. Of Mrs. 8ally Pratt, widow of
TtKK. Pratt, deceased, a Revolutionary soldier of
Hawkins county, Tennessee, praying to be allowed
a pension: referred to the Commitiee oa Revolu-
tionary Pensions. Of James Wright, jr. of Sulli-
van county, Tennessee, praying to be allowed an
invalid pension: referred to the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions. Of David Childress, a Revolutionary
soldier of Sullivan county, Tenne^ee, praying for
arretragesof pay and bounty land: referred to the
Commitiee on Revolutionary Pensione.]
[Mr. Cate Jonvsov presented ih? petitions of
George May field of Williamson conntv,Tennesse«,
asking to be placed on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, on account of wounds reeeivpd in the ser-
vice of the United Sta'es: referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions. Of George Mayfield of
Williamson county, Teune«see, asking the coHfir-
mat on of a title to a tract of land allowel and con-
vened to h;m by the Creek Indians at Fort Jacksor:
referred to the committae on Private Land Claims.
Of John Hsrie, a s'ddier of the Revolution, who
came to the United States with Lafayette, asking to
be placed on the pension roll: referred to the
Committee on Retolutionary Pensions. Of George
W. Farmer, asking compensation for cervices ren-
dered in opening toe read fron Re.notdsburg,
Tennessee, to the Chickasaw 011 Towns in BIG:
referred to the Commi tee of Claim*. Of Wm.
D. Wtlley, asking compensation for a horse lost
in the Florida war: referred to the Committee of
Claims.   Oí the citizens resident on the Salt Lick
Reservation, in Tennessee, asking the' right of
pre-emption to be extended to those who se't'ed
pr;or to 1838. Ten petitions, signed by various
officers of the infantry an i arltl'ery, omplaning
of the inequality produced by the act of the 5'h of
July, 1838, bítween the officers of the line and the
staff officers, and praying that this inequality be
removed: referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. Of the Rev. A. A. Muller, claiming com-
mutation and bounty land, as the sole heir and
representitive of Major Muller, the -«id-de-camp  f
General Marion: which was referred to a select
commit ee of seven members.]
By Messrs STARKWEATHER, RIDGWAV,
MASON, BOND, WELLER, DOANE. TAY-
LOR, HASTINGS, PARISH, DUNCAN,
SWEENY, G1DDINGS, and GOODE, of Oh;o.
Bv Messr*. CHINN, R. GARLAND, and
WHITE, of Louisiana.
Bv Me~rs. DAVIS, RARIDEN, WICK, T.
SMITH, CARR, HOWARD, and PR0FF1T, of
Ir.d ana-
[Mr. Davts of Indiana pre'énted the petition of
the Bishop of Vtncenres, asking a repeal of duty
on a church bell. Of sundry citizens of Indiana,
asSing a pension for Ambrose Manes, accompa-
nied by testimony. For a mail route fiom Wash-
ington to Petersburg, Isdima. Also, the memorial
ot the National Rrad Convention, held at Terre
Haute, Indiana, in July, 1839 ]
Mr. DAVIS moved th-> t it be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CASEY moved to amend the motion to re-
fer, by adding the following: "And that said com-
mittee be ins'rucled to report a bill, making an ap-
propriation of one hundred and fifty thousand dol-
lars for each of the States cf Ohio, Indifna, and
Illinois, to be expended on the national road in
said States, in the jear 1840, under the di-ection of
the War Department; said appropriation to r^e ob-
ject to all the restrictions and conditions of former
appropriations on said road.
This motion having been objected lo as out of
order at that time,
Mr. CASEY maintained that it was -in order,
and that it was perfectly competent at any time to
move instructions to a commif.ee on any subject
committed to its charge.
This motion haviDg elicited debate, under the
rule, lies over one day. Tne petition, however,
was ordered to be pr nted.
[Mr. Cars presented the petition of Wm. H.
Swan, and 129 others, who represent that, in the
surveying and laying off Congress'or.al township
two, nor.h of range nine east, of the Jeffersonville
Indiana land district, into ssctions and quarter sec-
tions, two parallel lines east and west seem to
have been run, and all the entries have been made ,
by the south line, the numbers being on that line,]
but by the field notes the corners are some on the/
north and some on the south parallel line?; accom/
panying which petition ¡s the pl<t or map of said
township, made by the county surveyor cf Jeffersci
county—petitioners ask Congress, if it be proper, to
declare and provide that the south of the two pa-
rallel linrs be deemel and taken as the trae and
correct divis'on line A remonstrance, signed by
A. H. Harris, and 14 oirer?, objecting to all intef-
fetence on the part of Congr<ss in regard to the
survey lines and fieldnoiesofCongre-sional township
two north, of range nine east; eccompanying said
remonstrance is a certificate oí Ihe county surveyor
of Clark county, coinciding with the views set
forth in the remonstrance: all of which, the ra-
tion, remonstrance, and accompanyinsr paprrí?,
veré referred to the Committee oa the Judiciar/.
The petition of Da'.is Shoddy, praying for a pe ¡-
.«ion: wheh was, upon Lis moiitn, re'erffd to ti e
Committee on Revolutionary Pension?. Of Jam
Smallwood, of Indiana, prajing to be placed
the inval.d pension roll: which, on his mo'ton,
referred to the Committee on Iuvalid Fensief
The papers of Zalmon Burrctt, asking a persif
which, on his motion, was ieferrel to the Co
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions. Oa mot'on
Mr. C.j the petition of Indian Robin, or Ro ...
Loyd, prayirg a pension, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary pensions. Mr. C. also pre-
sented the memorial and joint resolution of the Ge-
neral Assembly of the State of Indiana, on the sub-
ject of constructing a canal around the falls of the
Onio ¡iver, on the Indiana side, sufficient for the
parage of the largest class of steamboats: which
«ps teferred to the Committee on Reads and Canals.'
He abo pre?en'ed the petition of Almon Baldwin,
and 350 o'bers, on the same subject: which was
refemd to the same committee.]
By Messrs. BROWN and THOMPSON, of Mis-
sissppi.
Bv Messrs. CASEY, REYNOLDS, and STEW-
ART, of Illinois.
[Mr. Reynolds presented the following petitions '
and memorials, to wit: A petit'on for a mail route
from   the   city    of    Cairo,    Unity,    Jonesboro,"
Brownsville, P'nckneyville, Nashville, and Belle-
ville,   in   Illi'iots,   to S'.  Louis, Missouri.   The
cla'tn of Lesieur lo land in Missouri.   The claim ,
of the heirs of Wm. Arundel,  lor horses  taken '
by the Indians.   Of Jacob Wagsoner to correct a
mistake in ihe entry of land.   The inhabitants of
St. Clair county, Illinois, for a section of land for
thi   township   of  Cahokia, for school purposes.
The claim of the citizens of Cahokia, Illinois, for
land heretofote  granted to the church of Cahokia.
The claim of Me^srí. Steel and Mitchell, for pro-
perty lot in the war of 1812.    Ihe claim of Mr.
Wilcox, for damsges done b7 the United States
army in 1832.    Tha claim of Mr. Underbill, for a
p.e-rmp'i m in the Slate of Missouri.   The claim _
of Vanniff, for damages done by the United Slates '
a^my in 1^12.   Tae claim of Mr. Pulhain to land.
The  petition   of John  Jordon   to    locale   land
warrant for military   services   in   1812.     Also,
the   clams of the heirs of Larkin   Ruthe!ford,
Snadr?ck Bond, James Head, George £.undford, i
Joseph Curry, Jts""ph Godare, Mr.  Geadro, Mr.
Dan e, Cipt. Francis Charlevil'e, Mr. Levea, Mr.
Co>art, Mr. Cherey, and John Doyle, deceased,
to the Cimmitiee on Revo'utionary Claims, for
services done in the Revolution.   The ancestors of
there claimants were in the military service in the
"Illinois regiment," under the command of Col. '
Geoige Rogers Claik, and performed said service
in the year 1779, in capturing the British posts of ^
Kaskaskia, Cahokia, and St. Vincennes, in'Uie*1
Illinois country.   Capt. Charleville raised a com- .
pary of volunteers in Kaskaskia, and marched [
with them, wih Col. Clark, to capture the post at "
St. Viacenne.*, in February, 1779.   This regiment
was in the Virginia line, and the above mem-
bers   have not   received   any remuneration   for,
their services]
~ By Messrs. DILLETT, LEWIS, CHAPMAN
and CRABB of Alabama.
[Mr. Chapman presented the following pelitionsi
The petitun of citizens in favor of a pre-emption
to John H. Heckman, Marshall county, Alabama.
Of John P. Najloratid others, in favor of a quarter1
section of land for a seat of justice for DeKalb co. .
Alabama.   Papers relating to the unsettled claims
of McNairy Harris, Jackson county, as quarter-
master ia Florid i.    Papers relating to the claim of 4
Capt. Titomas Snodjrass's company, Jackson CO.
for services in Cherokee emigration.   Memorial of '
certain  field officers, Jackson county, Alabama, ;
who comman Jed volantsers in Florida, asking an '
explanatory law as respects the allowance for use,
ai.d risk of horses.   Claim of R J. Stockton, Jack-',
son county, for horse lest in Florida.   Petition of *
cit zpns of Marshall and DeKalb counties, for a' [
mail ronte from Huntsville to Lebanon.    Of citi- ,
zens of Delfc lb, Cherokee, and Jackson cos. for a ,
grant of land to Samu 1 F.ndley of DeKalb coun-'
ty.    O.'citzenscf Benton county, askingjhat_the
Cherokee country may bs annexed to the Cdc&a ¡
land district, and that the Coosa land office maybe
removed to  Ladiga.    Of Spartan  Allen, Benton "
ci.unty, for payment of a horse lo-t in the Chero-
kee emigrating seivicf.   Of Rufus Kiog Love, for
a horse lest in same service.    Of John Párnell of1
Benton county, praying a pension on account of
diseases incurred in the United States service.,  Of
G. C. Woodward, for mail route  from Blounts- ,
vilie to Aurora.    Memorial rf the General Assem-
bly of Alab .ma, asking the establishment of a new
land district in the country acquired from the one-
rokees, and to reduce ihe price of the public lands. ^
Petition of Jcha A. Baird, that claims for lost
