__________CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.______________                   HI
Hwimw'itjMW'    '■'  '-.....< i^aBHmaywwiLimiiii^ "iMiiiit i i i ■■■■  '■'■■■   ■ ■>    m      __     r ■ —*  ,-,..—...             —   ,   —            ,   ,                  ,                                  .      ,..   .   i    '■■i«< ■  ■      ' ■ . J.       "*'      ■'—■ j"n    t-     . J„LL„, ^ ,,—. r „  ■   ,  - ■    ,      T
S nation for a railroad from Lake Michigan to the
lississippi, in Wisconsin.    Of citizens of Oak
creek, for the fame object.   Of citizens of Sinipee,
for the same object.   Of citizens of Mineral Point,
for the same object.   Of citizens of Mishawaka,
Indiana, for the same object.   Of citizens of Wis-
consin, for the same object.   For a post route
from Madison, by Sugar river, Diggings, Monroe,
Vanvobrah's settlement, to intersect the route from
Chicago to Galena.   For a post route from Spring-
field, Milwaakie co. to Madison, the seat of Go-
rernment of Wisconsin. Two petitions of masters,
owners, and consignees of steamboats and vessels
on Lake Michigan, and for an appropriation to
improve the harbor of Racine.  Of citizens of Wis-
consin, for an appropriation for a road from Mil-
waukee to Beloit.   Of the Stockbridge nation of In-
dians, in Wisconsin, for remuneration for the ex-
penses of their removal from New York, and that
the title to their lands be guarantied to them by the
United States.   For the sale of the mineral lands
in Wisconsin, and for an act declaring void all en-
tries heretofore made  in  consequence of  false
swearing, etc.   Of Enos Soper, praying remunera-
tion for services rendered the United States during
the war of 1813.
[On motion of Mr. Doty, it was
Resolved,, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnUh to this House a s'aiement of all
sums paid for th  support of the Government of
Wisconsin, including all of the expenses of th«
Legislative Assembly,   during  the   years   1837,
1838, and 1839, exhibiting the items for which,
and by, and to whom, payments have been made,
and the authority therefor, and whether the loans
which have been made on the faith of the Terri-
tory, have been sanctioned and paid by him.]
By Mr. CHAPMAN of Iowa.
[Mr. Chapman presented the memorial of the
Assembly of Iowa, praying Congress to confirm
an entry of land made by the county of Henry:
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
A memorial from the Assembly of Iowa, praying
Congress to amend the organic law: referred to the
Committee on the Territories.   A memorial upon
the subject of post roads: referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.   A memo-
rial praying school land for half breed tract: re-
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
A memorial ftr arms, &c. referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.   A memorial in favor
of settlers on sixteenth  sections: referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.   A joint resolu-
tion relating to reports: referred to the Committee
oa the Territories.   A memorial for pre-emption
to miners: referred to the Committee on ihe Public
Lands.   A memorial for the survey of lands.   A
memorial for the improvement of Iowa and Cedar
rivers: referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Memorial for the survey of Skunk river: referred to
the Committee on Commerce. A memorial for addi-
tional appropriation for completion of penitentiary:
referred to the Committee on the Territories. Memo-
rial for completion of Dubuque and Missouri roads:
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Memorial for survey and improvement of Da-
buque harbor: referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.   Petition of inhabitants of Warren county,
Illinois, for improvement of Desmoines Rapids: -ai
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.   Of inha-
bitants of Fort Madison for donation of land for
seminary ol learning: referred to the Committee
on the Public Lands.    Of James Anderson and
others ior the sale of 16th section: referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.     Act of Iowa
Assembly: referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.     Memorial for land for literary purposes:
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Memorial in favor of Jeremiah Smith: referred to
the Committee on the Territories.   Preamble and
joint resolution for improvement  of Desmoines
river: referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.   Petition fot post route from Iowa city to
Burtonspoit: referred to the Commit'eeon the Post
Office and Post Roids.     Of John Morgan for a
pension: referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Of Alfred Catt rand others, praying Congress to
be permitted to purchase 16 h section: referred to
the Committee en the Public Land'!,   Of A. John-
son for pension: referred to the Committee on Re-
volutionary Pensions Of F. Dinon for grant of
lands for services to the country: referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands. Of Jacob Wiley
for pension: referred to the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions. Of the inhabitants of Iowa for
road from mouth of Iowa to Iowa city: referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals. Of the in-
habitant! of Keosauqna for mail route from Bur-
lington to that place: referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. Of the inhabitants
of Iowa for a mail route from Peru, in Illinois, to
Iowa city: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads. Of the inhabitants of
Mount Pleasant for land for seminary of learning: ;
referred to the Committee on tbe Public Lands.
Of Martin Godard for mail route from Davenport
to the county seat of Linn: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. Of in- ¡
habitants of Scott county for mail route from Da- ;
venport to Linn, the county seat: referred to the '
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.]
By Mr. PARRIS ef Maine.                                  :
By Mr. T. W. WILLIAMS|of Connecticut.        i
[Mr. Thos. W. Williams presented the petition
of the children and oihf r heirs of Lieut. Daniel
Starr, asking for pay for their father's services as a
lieutenant on board of the United States ship
Trumbull. Of Griswold Avery, asking for a peu-
s'on for Revolutionary services. Of Mrs. Esther
Culver, late the widow of Moses Jones, for a pen-
sion. Of the heirs of Lieut. Nathaniel Fanning,
deceased, asking that a medal be given for his act
of bravery on board the "Good Man Richard,"
under Com. John Paul Jones, and for prize money
arising from said services. Of Jas. Wi Hams, for
compensation for services and expenses in arrest-
ing a deserter from the United States army in
1834. Of Nathan Smith and others for allowance
of bounty on a fishing voyage to the Straits of
Belle Isle. Of Oliver J. Day and others, of Lyme, j
Connecticut, manufacturers of wool, asking Con- !
gress to revise tbe laws for the collection of duties, |
in order to prevent frauds to the prejudice of the
manufacturer]
A motion was made to adjourn, at half-past 5
o'clock; tbe yeas and nays were demanded; when,
the roll being called, there were—yeas 21, nays 27.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
When, on motion of Mr. HOFFMAN,
to House adjourned.
Claims, made an unfavorable report oa the peti-
tion of William Hawkins.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which the subject was referred, re-.
ported a bill concsrning a seminary of learning ia
the Territory of Iowa j which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, reported a bill for the relief of John H. Shep-
pard, administrator of Abiel Wood; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. W. in pursuance of notice, asked and ob-
tained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of
John E. Bispham; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TAPPAN, in pursuance of notice, asked
and obtained leave to bring in the following b.ll,
which was ordered to be printed:
A BILL
To regulate the issuing and circulating of bank
paper in the district ot Columbia.
Be U enacted by the Senate and .House ef Reprettnl-
atives ef the United Slates of America m Congress m-
sembled, That from and after the passage of this
act, if any person or persons shall establish or con-
tinue any bank in the District of Columbia, such
person or persons shall first deposite in the office of
the Recorder of Deeds for the county in which
such bank may be established, a schedule, in writ-
ing, containing the names and places of residence
of each and every stockholder in such bank, with
the number and value of the shares by him or her
held, and shall cause the same to be recorded with
the record of deeds in the office, and shall also pub-
lish said schedule in two of ihe newspapers having the
most general circulation in the District, three calen-
dar month-; and every sale or transfer of stock in
such bank, within ten days after such transfer shall
have been made, shall be placed upon record and
published in like manner, by such person cr per-
sons so establishing or continuing such bank.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That it shall be
unlawful for any individual banker or banking
company, or for any other person or company, to
issue any bank notes of a less denomination thaa
twenty dollars, cr by any art, shift, or device, to
issue and put in circulation any paper, certificate,
check, order, or note whatsoever, to circulate as
currency, of a less denomination than twenty dol-
lars-, and any person or persons offending herein,
shall forfeit and pay not less than five hundred dol-
lars, nor more than one thousand dollars, for each
and every note, order, check, or certificate, co
issued and put in circulation as aforesaid; one half
of the same to be for the use of the person prose-
cuting therefor, and the residue for the use of the
county where the banking bouse of such individual >
banker or banking company shall be located, to be
recovered by action of debt in any court having
jurisdiction thereof.1
Skc. 3. And be it further enacted, That if at any
time, in usual banking hours, the paper of such
individual or company shall be presented to such
individual or company, or any officer by him or
them employed, at their banking house or office,
and payment demanded of the same, and payment •
thereof in gold or silver shall be refused, or unrea-
sonably delayed, the bolder of such note may make
affidavit of such demand and refusal or delay, be-
fore any justice of the peace of the proper county,
whereupon, the said justice shall issue bis sum- •
mons against snch ind vidual, or any officer or
partner in snch company, to be and appear before
him, or some other justice of the peace, at a time "
to be stated in said summons, which time shall be
w.thin twenty-four hours from and after the same
shall have been issued, then aad there to show
cause why judgment should not be entered «gainst
such individual, officer, or partner, for tbe amount
of said note; and unless the party defendant in said
writ shall appear, and plead that the note upon
which suit is brought is not tbe note of snch indi-
vidual or company, or that legal and proper de-
mand of payment has not been made, and verify
such plea by the oath of the said defendant, or his
agent or attorney, it shall be the duty of tbe justice
to enter np a judgment against snch defendant for
Ihe amount of such note, with cost  of soil, and to
issue his execution, as in other cases therefor.
IN SENATE,                               I
Friday, February 7, 1840.
Mr. NORVELL prerented the credentials of the
Hon. Augustus S. Porter, elected by the Legis-
lature of Michigan a Senator from that State for
six years from the 4th of March last.
The usual oath was then administered to Mr.
PORTER, and he took his seat.
The CHAIR submitted a message from the Pre-
sident of the United States transmitting the eleventh
annual report of the Board of Inspectors of the Pe-
nitentiary of the District of Columbia; which was
laid on the table.
Mr. PRESTON presented the memorial of Sarah
Ralston; which was referred to the Committee on
Claims.                                                                      !
On motion of Mr. GRUNDY, the petition of j
Joseph Whipple, now on file, was referred to the \
Committee on Naval Affairs.                                     ¡
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of M. M. ¡
duackenboss, B. Birdsall, and Charles L. Livings-
ton, praying the passage of an act to¡ authorize the !
Secretary of the Treasury to compromise and j
compound the claims of the Government against .
them as sureties of Samuel Swartwout, late col- |
lector of the port of New York; which was refer- >
red to the Committee on the Judiciary.                     |
Mr. CLAY of Alabama submitted documents in  ,
relation to the claims of Adam  Hall for remune-
ration for horses lost while in the public service;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.      ,
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of a Í
number of the citizens cf the State of Pennsylva- !
nia, praying an increase of duties on foreign silks; :
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.    i
Mr.   HUBBARD,  from  the Committee   on I
