i—~ ~~~~r~minimum i ——pitl.i in.' '■ " "   tiiiu    .....in  
Sac. **. Muí bt U farther enactei, That if any
person shall, after the taking effect of this act,
pass, or offer to'pass, any bank note of a less deoo-
mtoaiion than twenty dollars, otherwise than in
payment lo a bank or banking company, such per-
son shall forfeit and pay double the amount of
such note, for the use of the person sueing for the
same, to be recovered by action of debt before any
masistrate having jurisliciion thereof.
The resolution submitted some days since by
Mr. Preston, in re'ation to the Cumberland road,
was takeh up, and after a long debate, in which it
was supported by M«sts. PRESTON, WEB-
STER, SMITH of Indiana, and MERRICK, and
opposed by Messrs. BENTON, ALLEN, TAP-
PAN, KING, HUBBARD, and CLAY of Alaba-
ma, and after being modified, on the question of
its adoption, the vote was—ayts 4, noes 39.
So it was not adopted.    Adjourned until Monday.
HOUSE OP REPREESNTATIVES,
Fkidav, January 7, 1840.
Mr J. W. JONES, chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, asked that the House would
resoivi itself Committee of the Whole to consider
the bill miking appropriations for Revolutionary
and other pensioners. The pensions are payable
half-yearly, on 4th of March and September, and
unless the House would take some immediate ac-
tion on th's bill, it would be impossible for th<: Se-
cretary of the Treasury to place the funds in the
hands ot disbursing agents at the various sections
of the country where payment is mads to the pen-
sioners. The House would see the troubles and
difficulties in which these old pensioners would be
placed if the necessary funds were not in the hands
of the agents to pay (hem, after they had made Ion?
jouraeys, wi h the expectation of receiving payment
at the time specified by law. He hoped there
would be no objection.
Mr. PICKENS suggested to the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means the propriety
of receiving reports till the hour of one o'clock;
and, at that time, go into [committee on this bill.
There weie Vtry many important reports to he
made from committees, which he hoped would be
received.
■Mr. EVANS objected to any departure from
the Altes. Such departures, experience rtaught
him, had always embarrassed rather than facili-
tated the business of the House. He would, for
that reason vote against all motions to suspend the
rules. He hoped they would be adhered to, and
that the States would be called for petitions.
Mr. PICKENS said petiions had been called
from the Sta'es fi>r two days past;'and if they go
on to receive them again to-day, he feared discus-
sion nvght arise which would prevent the commit-
tees from having any opportunity to make re-
port;'. He hoped ihe House would agree to re-
ceive reports; and t^at the chairman of. the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would yield to this
suggestion, to go into committee at 1 o'clock.
"Mr; JOÑE3 said (he bill required the speedy ac-
tion of the House; but he was willinj to yield to
the suggestion of the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Pickens.] Mr. J. wa3 proceeding in his
remarks, when
Mr. R. GARLAND called him to order.
Mr. JONES modified his motion, so that the
Honse at 1 o'clock proceed to the consideration of
the bill in committee.
Mr. DAWSON inquired of the chairman of the '
Committee of Ways and Means whether the funds to
meet these pensioners were not appropriated one
year in advance, and whether there was not a suffi-
cient sum of the old appropriations in the hands of
disbursing agents, to meet the payments necessary
to be made in March.
Mr. PETRIKIN objected to his answering the
question, or any debate, as it was entirely oat of
order.
Mr. JONES said he would answer the gentle-
man's question; when he was again called to order.
He then moved a suspension of the rules, and de-
manded the yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. BELL hoped the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. J0M8] would be permitted to answer the in-
terrogatory put to him by 'he gentleman  from
COmmESSIONAL GIOBE.
)  Georgia [Mr. Dawson.]    It had been the invaria-
1 ble practice of the House for such questions to be
put and answered; and in fact the public business
could not be trantacted without it.
The SPEAKER said such had been the usual
practice of the H:use, and was no doubt a conve-
; niént one; strictly speaking, however, debate was
not in order.
Mr. PETRIKIN said his only objection arose
from the fact of debates being permitted in one
case, and not in «nother. If one gentleman was
peimitted to speak out of order, the same liberty
might be claimed by all,'and thus entirely obstruct
,   the regular business of the House.
Mr. JONES, in answer to the question  f the
gentleman from Georgia, said he believed that it
was ihe usual practice of the Department to for-
ward the^e funds in advance, but how far, as to
time, he was not advised Prom looking, how-
ever, at the amount of unexpended balances, as
shown by the report of the Secretary of the Trea-
'  sury, he inferred that it was not possible that funds
j to provide for all the accruing pensions could re at
the points where they are to be paid; for, if every
, dollar of thc.'e unexpended balances were theie,
there would still not be more than half what was
necessary. There were unexpended balances ai
some of the points, but to meet the payments at all
of them in time, it was nece^ary that this appro-
priation should be speedily passed.
The yeas and nays having been ordered on the
question cf suspension, were—yeas 119, najs 40.
Mr. JONES th n moved that the House go into
the Cemmntee of the Whole at one o'clock, for
the purpese of taking up the bill making appro-
priatiors for the payment of the Revolutionary
and other pensioners of the United S ate?.
Mr. GARLAND   of Louisiana called for the
1 reading of the statement made by the Commissioner
of Pensitns,in order to&bow the amount of the un-
expended balances
Mr. JONES said he stated to the House that
there was a large amount of unexpended balances
under one head of appropriations, but that the
amount would not pay much more than one-half
of the pensions accrdingi
i Mr. GARLAND said, if the gentl man would
look at the documents, he would find that the pen-
sion agents were most generally banking institu-
1  tions and favorites of ihe Government; and that
they  had in their hands about one   million four
hundred thousand dollars to app'y to th; payment
of these pensions.
Mr. TURNLY called for 'he previous question,
l  but the c-all was noi seconded.
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana then read a report
of the Commissioner of Pension', and said that from
(  this report, it appeared that there was now one mil-
, lion four hundred thousard dollars in the hands of
the sgrnu, while one million only Was wanted for
, each quaitei'a payment. Now the effort was made
1 to set aside the regular business of the House, for
the purpose of placing money in the hands of "hese
agents in advance. It was notorious that these
agents were banks and political favorites who had
the use of the public money for months before it
was wan'ci.
Mr. JONES of Virginia rose to correct the errors
into which the gentleman from Louisiana had fal-
len. The gentleman supposed that these pensions
were payable quarterly, whicn was not ths fact.
They were payab'e half yearly, one payment be-
coming due in March, and die other in September.
Further, the amount of one millii n four hurdied
thousand dollars, now in the hands of the pension
agent, was not enough to pay the pensions brooming
due in March, while Ib/re was the payment
coming due in Sep'ember, that was necessary now
tobe provided for. Mr. J. then went into an esti-
mate of the different heads under which pensions
are lo be paid, and the sums that will be required
for them. But the gentleman's pnneipal objection
was, that this money would go into the hands of the
banks and political favori'es of the Government.
This was ihe first time he had ever heard that
the banks were the peculiar favorites of this
Government, and an assertion like this, coming from
a gentleman standing in the political relation the
gentleman from Louisiana did to the Administra-
tion, was a little extraordinary. He did not know
how the gentleman made out that the individuals
who acted as pension agents were the favorites of
the Arimisistration, but if the gentleman would
look at the list of agencies, he would find that the
banks were a large proportion of them, and there-
fore it was the favorites of the gentleman and his
party, and not of the Administration, that derived
any benefits from these agencies.
Mr. SMITH of Maine wished to make one sin-
gle statement in reply to the gentleman from Loui-
I siana. The gentleman said that those who disbursed
thess pensions were either banks or the especial
favorites of the Administration. Now he begged
leave to inform him that the penñon agent in the
State of Maine was a thoroughgoing Hartford Coa-
veuton Federalist.
Mr. PETRIKIN here called for the previos* •
questicn; and the call being seconded by the Honse,
the main question was put, and carried without a
division.
Mr. PICKENS, from fhe^Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported the following resolutions, which
were agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
I be requested, if in his opinion it be not incompati-
ble wuh the public interests so to do, to communi-
cate to this House any information in his possession
respecting the condition of the citizens of the United
States doing business during the past year in China,
th<* state of ihe American trade in that country, and
the interests of the people and commerce of the
United Stales, as affected by the recent measures of
the Chinese Government for the suppression of the
contraband or forcible introduction of opium into
China. Also, whether the British Government has
given notice to that of the United States of a pur-
pose to blockade the ports of China, or of other
hostile ¡mentions towards that Government, and
any other information possessed by the Executive
in relat on to the above matters.
Resolved, That the Secre,ary of the Treasury be
directed to transmit lo this House a statement of
the commerce and navigation between the United
1   States and China, from  1821 té 1839 inclusive,
!   exhibiting for each year ihe amount of specie, the
1  value and description of manuiactuted articles, the
value and description of other merchandise, and
the total amount exported; the quantity and value
of teas, ihe value of silk goods, tne value of other
merchandise, and ihe total amount imported; the
number of ships, the amount of tonnage, and the
number of seamen employed.
On motion of Mr. CURTIS, Senate bill, entitled
'•An act to cancel the bond? given to seeure duties '
upon vessels and Iheir cargoes employed in the *
whale fisheries, and to make registers lawful papers
for such vessels," was referred to the Committee *
on Commerce.
The hour of one o'clock having arrived, the
House then resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole, (Mr. Lincoln in the chair,) and took up
for consideration the bill making appropriation for •
the payment of Revolutionary and other pensions '
for the year 1840.
Mr. R. GARLAND then went on to reply to
some remarl-s made by Mr. Smith of Maine, in
which that gentleman had eonliadicted the a«er-
tion he made, that the pension sgen's were presi-
dents of banks, or friends and partisans of ihe pre-
sent Administraron. In proof that h's assertions
wfre correct, he referred to the names of many
1 ag-nts, among the rest, that of Mr. Van Ness,
' president of th? Bank of the Metropolis, ana of'
Dr. Brockenbrough, presideat'of the Bank of Vir-
ginia, and Philemon Dickerson, one of the claim- ■
ants iorra seat from 'he Stale of New Jersey.
Mr. RANDOLPH said the gentleman from Lou-
isiana was misiaken. The pennon a ectwas a
different individual, and not the gentleman claim-
ing a seat from that Siate.
Mr. GARLAND, after referring to the names of
other agents, inquirid of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means whether it was pro-
posed  t-> place the whole amount in the bill into '
the hand; of the asents immediately.
Mr. J. W. JONES said he had supposed that
the explanations he had already made would have
satisfied all gentlemen.   He was not very conver- *
