It4
GONGUESSÍONÁL dLOfcE.
—""■•"*■ "*"
notion, with «o much difficulty—indeed, with more
difficulty than he had ever seen on other occa-
sions—was that he might make an explanation,
which gentlemen would soon understand, if they
would gire him their attention, was entirely per-
sonal to himself. As he did not place this subject
on the same grounds which his colleague [Mr.
Rariden] had placed it, and was not inclined to
suffer the opinions of that gentleman to go abroad
as his opinions, and the opinions of other Western
gentlemen who acted with him, a brief explanation
on his part would be necessary.
Mr. WHITE here rose to a point of order. He
understood that the gentleman from South Caroli-
na [Mr. Pickens] had not withdrawn his motion to
lay the resolutions on the table, and therefore the
gentleman from Indiana was out of order to enter
into a debate.
The SPEAKER said he understood the gentle-
man from Sooth Carolina as having withdrawn his
Motion.
Mr. PICKENS. I did withdraw it; but seeing
the difficulty it occasioned, I afterwards said that I
conld not withdraw it; at the same time expressing
my regret at be-ng compelled to deny the request of
the gentleman from Ind ana.
The SPEAKER understood the gentleman from
South Carolina distinctly as having withdrawn his
motion. Having done so, the gentleman could not
renew it, and the gentleman from Indiana was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. WICK rising and attempting to proceed
with his remarks,
Mr. GRAVES called him to order, and re-
newed in writing the point made by his colleague,
[Mr. Writs ] with the point raised by Mr. Bid 
BU.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from South
Carol ida withdrew his motion to lay the resolution
on the table, and could not again renew it, while
the gentleman from Indiana had the floor. As to
any compact made by the gentleman from Indiana
with the gentleman from South Carolina, the
Chair could not notice it. He had nothing to do
with a gentleman's reasons for withdrawing a mo-
tion.
Mr. GRAVES appealed from the decision of the
Chair, and addressed the House in favor of the
appeal; bnt, in the course of his remarks, on hear-
ing from Mr. Wick that he considered what he
wished to say as having a personal bearing onhim-
self, withdrew the appeal.
Mr. WICK said: I am glad, Mr. Speaker, that
at length I am no longer impeded by questions of
order—raised upon me, I trust, in no invidious feel-
ing, though more than sufficiently embarrassing to
one who nevef before filled a place upon the floor
of any legislative body—and that I am permitted to
avail myself of the courtesy of the honorable mem-
ber frqjri South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens.]   Sir, I
havejiid that that which I wish to say is personal
to myself.   It is so, and perhaps equally so tosome
ay colleagues, or otberc.    If it  be personal to
a, it is not a reason why it is not personal to me.
is important to me personally to define my posi-
tion.   My honorable co'league [Mr. Rabideh] has
intimated that the object of proposing those instruc-
tions is to a;certain if indeed the Executive branch
of the Government has determined to abandon the
Cumberland road, and that the same can only be
done by taking a vote of this House, for the pur-
pose of ascertaining whether the friends of the
Administration will sustain appropriations   upon
the road or not.     If I were to be iient, sir, it
might be inferred that the view of the subject taken
by my colleague is also mine.    I am not willing it
should be so understood.   I iherefoie have sought
permission to explain, lest it may be inferred that
the design to connect this question with general
politics, is common to all the members from In-
diana.
Sir, my colleague has said that the Executive
branch of this Government has not transmitted any
estimate for the Cumberland road. I doubt not my
colleague thinks so. But, sir, I find in the estimate
coming here from the Topographical bureau, that
a large sum for the Cumberland road is included.
Will my colleague say that the Topographical bu-
reau is no part of the Executive branch of this Go- J
vernment? Again: thises'imate of the Topographical
bureau is sent to this House, sane ioned by the
Secretary at War, and accompanying a communi-
cation from the Department over which he presides,
and to which the Topographical bureau is an ap-
pendant. Will my colleague say that the Secre-
try at War is no part of the Executive branch of
this Government?
But, sir, if it were true that the Executive had
given appropriations for the Cumberland road the
goby, it is no reason why, on this occasion, and
here, there should be an effort to make political
capital out of the fact.    The original and peculiar
duty of the Executive, under the Constitution, in re-
ference to expenditures, is to place before Congress
estimates for ths class of expenditures prescribed
by the Constitution.     The Cumberland road has
not been brought before the nation by the Constitu-
tion.   It is of legislative growth.   While the Legis-
lative branch of the Government (Congress) sus-
tained it, the Executive also sustained it      At the
last session of the last Congress, the appropriation
for this road was vetoed, not by the  Executive, but
by Congress.     If it were even true, then, that the
Executive has purposely passed over this road in
the estimates presented to this House, it is scarcely
fair to hold the Administration exclusively respon-
sible.   The Executive could find a reason fer pass-
ing the road by, in the refusal of Congress to make
appropriations for it. He might have inferred,from
the action of Congress, that public opinion would
no longer sustain appropriations upon the Cumber-
land road.   But I infer very differently from my
colleague upon this subject.   I repeat that I see
nothing fiom wlvch to infer that the Executive in-
tended to defeat appropriations upon the Comber-
land read.
I have said, sir, that I regret to see any effort
made to give a political cast to this question. I am
always sorry to see any question embarrassed by
political considerations. It is fatal to all fair and
useful legislation to bring general politics to bear
upon particular questions. Particular questions
ought to depend upon their particular merits.
This question has merits. In stating them I will
be brief; and it is as necessary to my personal ex-
planation to state the grounds upon which the sub-
ject, in my opinion, stands, as it is to disclaim sym-
pathy with those who incline to give a political
aspect to the action of the House upon the matter.
Sir, for years the nation held in its coffers, and
used, without in'erest.imrafn^e sums of the two per
cent, fund accruing to the Western Slates under a
national compact At length its expenditure was
commenced, according to the compact, and, it is
said, that it is all expended. Suppose this to be
true, is it inequitable for the Westsrn Slates to ex-
pect a small advance in return, out of a fund which
will soon indemnify ihe Treasury?
Again, the people of the Western States have
been taught, by more than thirty years' legislation,
to expect appropriations for, and the final comple-
tion of, the Cumberland road. They have seen en-
gineers passing along through Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, and at least a part of Missouri. Tney have
seen large sums expended year after year, and,
finally, they have seen, durin; the past year, an
estimate of the probable cost of the road, taken by
engineers appointed by the Government, and act-
ing under its authority. Think you, sir, th"y will
now see Ihe work abandoned.and not hold responsi-
ble those who contribute to the defeat of this their
great measure.
Sir, a monarch, a despot, would not first in-
struct, by a course of ac'ion kept up for thirty
years, a portion of subjects, to expect a particular
ol.ject to meet his favor, and then all at once aban-
don it. And will the Representatives of a free peo-
ple, who arejeonscious of their rights, refute that
justice, that kindness, to such a people, which a
despot dare not refuse to his serfs? The Legisla-
tive and Executive branches of this Government,
acting togeih r, have produced ihe expectations
which I have stated. Is it wise to disappoint
them? Will not a jealous people, think you,
mark those who defeat this measure? It is their
all absorbing interest. Even general politics (I
mean party polities) are absorbed by it. They will
not deem that man, or ibat party, orthodox, who or
which may contribute to disappoint hopes raised
by your predecessors, the great and the good of put
years, (they think they were wise, too,) who have co-
venanted, by implied contracts, stronger than mere
party considerations—ay, strong as national faith—
to continue appropriations, reasonably apportioned
to the condition of the state of the Treasury, upon
the Cumberland road, or make tome equitable,
friendly, and final disposition of the subject, far
different from ceasing to appropriate, without rea-
son givem.
In accordance with my pledge to the honorable
member from South Carolina, [Mr. Pickkns,] I
renew the motion to lay the matter under conside-
ration upon the table. But I do so in the fond
hope that the motion may not prevail.
Mr. BIDDLE appealed to Mr. Wick to with-
draw his motion.
Mr. WICK replied that hewould'do so if au-
thorized by the gpntleman from Sauth Carolina.
He was under a pledge to that gentleman to renew
his motion; and, having done so, he was not au-
thorized to withdraw it, unless with his sanction.
The question was then taken on laving the reso-
lutions on the table, and decided in the negative—
yeas 86, nays 111,as follows:
YEA —Messrs. Alford, H. J. Anderson, (Atherton, Banks,
Beirne, Bell, Black, Blackwell, Botta, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown,
Burke, 8. H. Butler, William O. Butler, John Campbell,
William B. Campbell, Carroll, Carter, Chapman, Clifford,
Coles, Colquitt, Connor, Mark A. Cooper, Crabb, Craig, .Toha
Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dillett, Doig, Earl, Eastman, Fine,
I' isher, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, Jas. G.irland, Ooggin, Gra-
ham, Griffin, Hand, Hawes, Hawkins, Hill ofVirginia, Hill of
North Carolina, Holleman, Holmes, Hopkins, Hubbard, Jack-
son, J. Johnson, C. Johnson, John W. Jones, Kemble, King,
Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McOlellan, Montgomery, Nisbet, Par-
menter, Petrikin, Pickens, Pientiss, Ramsey, Rhett, Rives,
Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Shaw, Shepard, Strong,
Sumter, Taliaferro, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Tur-
ney, Warren, Watterson, Jarecl W. William , Henry Wil-
liams, L. Williams, and Worthington—86.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Judson Allen, John W. Allen,
Simeon H. Anderson, Andrews, Biker, Barnard, Beatty, Biddle,
Bond, Brewster, Briggs, Brockway, Anson Brown, Calhoun,
Carr, Casey, Chittenden, James Cooper. Corwln, Crans'on,
Crary, Crockett, Curtis, Gushing, Dana, Davee, Edward Db-
Ties, John W. Davis, tí. Daris, Dennis, Doan, Duncan, Ed-
wards, Ely, R. Garland, Gates, Gentry, Giddings, Goode,
Granger, Green, William Hastings, John Hastings, Henry,
Hoffman, Hook, Howaid, Hunt, James. Jameson, Nathaniel
Jones, Keim, Kempshall, Lawrence, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard,
Lincoln, McCarty, McCulloh, Marvin. Mason, Medill, Miller,
Mitchell, Monroe, Montanya, Morgan,' Calvary Morris, Nay-
lor, Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Parish, Parris, Promt, Randall,
Randolph, Randen, Reynolds, Ridgway, Robinson, Russell,
Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simonton, Slade, Albert Smith, Thomas
Smith, Stanly, Starkweather, Bteenrod, Storrs, Stuart, Sweeny,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Tillinghast, Toland. Triplett, Trum-
bull, Underwood, Vanderpoel, P. J. Wagner, Weller, J. White,
Wick, Thos. W. Williams, Joseph W.Williams. and Christo-
pher H. Williams—111.
Mr. BIDDLE disclaimed any intention of dis-
courtesy in his previous temarks, towards the get-
tlemai from Indiana, [Mr. Wick] when he inter-
posed a point of order to arrest the explanation.
He had done so because of his aversion to the
practice which had obtained there, of one member
making a motion which went to dispose of a sub-
ject without debate, and then withdrawing it, and
yielding the floor to another, upoa the condition
that, after he had made the remarks intended, ha
would renew it. It was a practice which led to
the greatest abuses at the last session. It waa
usurping the powers of the House for one mem-
ber to obtain the floor, and to deal it out to whom-
soever he pleased. He was oppos;d to all com-
pacte of the kind bstween member. ; anJ the prac-
tice should be reprobated by all. That gentleman
[Mr. Wick] had stated to the House that he
wished to make an explanation personal to him-
self; but had converted it into a vindication of the
policy of the Government in relation to the aub-
ject-matter before the House.
He thought a similar spirit of courtesy was due
from that gentlemen to others, to whom the mat er
was equally personal to permit them to make an ex-
planation. And what was the object of the hono-
rable gentleman from Indiana in the personal ex-
planation made. Why, to prove that the Presi-
dent, in the mode in which he has piesented the
subject, has acted fairly. He took issue with that
gentleman. The President, he thought, had pre-
sented it in such a way as would be>t promote
electioneering purposes. He had done it in such
a way as would place the legislative branch of the
Oio vernment in a wrong position before the coun-
uy—as to throw the odium of extravagance on,
