CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1*5
Congress—of going beyond the estimate . Mr. B.
then referred to the message of the President, and
particularly that put relating to the estimates
for the) ear 1840,  n support of his position. But
he wished to speak from the book, because he be-
lieved the people tamed with disgust from gene-
ralities—from wholesale denunciations, and there-
fore quoted the following paragraph, to show thai
it was intended for electioneering put poses:
Independent  of the redemption of the  pub-
lic   debt    and   trusts,    the   gross   expenditures
of  seventeen   and   eighteen  millions  in    1834
and   1835   h*d,   by   these   causes,   swelled   to
twenty-B'ne millions in   1836;  and   the   appro-
priations   for  1837,  made   previously   to   the
4th of March, caused the expsnditure to rise to the
very large amount of thirty-three millions.   We
were enabled during the year 1838, notwiihitand-
ing the continuance of our Indian embarrassments,
somewhat to reduce this amount; and that for the
present year, 1839, will not, in all probability, ex-
ceed twenty-six millions, or six millions less than
it was last year.   With a determination so far as
depends on me to continue this reduction, I have
directed the rstimates for 1840 to be subjected to
siverest scrutiny, and to be limiied to the absolute
requirements of the public service.   They will be
found less than the expenditures of 1839 by over
five millions of dollars."
This, he raid, was prepared with the consum-
mate skill of a veteran politician—it was something
compendious, which would do to carry to the mill
or the market, for electioneering purposes. The
partisans of the President had already seized upon
this brief statement of professions of economy to
glorify him and to advance his cause for another
term. Would any man say that any credit was
doe to him for this profession of a des re for an
economical administration of the Government?
Does he not wish to convey the idea to the peo-
ple that he had been doing every thing in
his power to retrench the expenses of Govern-
ment, and that he had bees successful in break-
ing them down: and if he be elected for another
teim, that he would entirely do away with them.
He believed that was the impression intended to be
made. He called upon the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Wick] to show where a single abuse
bad been corrected by the President, or where a
single retrenchment had been made¡in the expenses
of Government. Wot a clerk, whose setvices were
unnecessary, bad been dispensed with. He knew
this message would go far in advance of the esti-
mates, and do its work in deceiving the people.
He then advered to the wa?te of the public mo-
ney in Florida by the mismanagement of the ope-
rations there—denounced the Executive because
he had presented no estimates to carry on future
operations there, where the military forces were as
much needed now as heretofore—and attributed the
change in that policy to a desite to prepare for the
coming election, by presenting a teeming reduction
of the expenditnres. But he believed that all
which would be saved from that sour.e would in
the end be wasted on something else which should
claim less of the attention of the Government.
The President, he said, did not ask for a single
soldier to carry on that war; nor was there any
estimate for the light-houses, and other objects of
expenditure, which had claimed the action of Con-
gress heretofore. This he attributed to a design on
the part of the Executive to render the popular
branch of the Government odious in the eyes of the
people—to throw the responsibility on them of
voting more money than the estimates called
for. He has called for but eighteen mil-
lions in the estimates, when, in fact, the
appropriation by Congress will not be less than
twenty-five millions. This will be the issue pre-
sented to the people—that Congress would be
chargeable with all the extravagance—and that it
would be used as an argument to prove that if the
Executive had sole con'rol of the purse, seven mil-
lions would have been saved of the people's money.
He charged ths Piesident and heads of Departments
with shrinking from the introduction of certain items
into the estimates; and after these estimates had
gone abroad, they would be found sneaking before
fhf comimttee to preva.il upon them to insert tbose
items in the bills to be reported. He charged the
President with lending his countenance to extrava-
gance, and with skulking from the responsibility
of recommending the measures which lead to it.
He contended that if the regular estimates for the
continuance of the Cumberland road were omitted
on account of the embarrassed condition of the
Treasury, that the Executive should have told the
House and the country so.
Mr. REYNOLDS observed that this was a sub-
ject exceedingly interesting to his constituents; and
for this reason, and not for any political considera-
tions, he had risen to say a few words with regard
to it. If he remained silen', when a question so
deeply affecting their interests was discussed here,
h* shcu'd fail in the duty he owed to those whom
he represented, and would be justly accountable to
them for it. It was extremely unforiunate for him
that every time he rose to address this House—and
it was bnt seldom that he did so—politics should
unnecessarily have been mixed up with the matter
he felt bound to express his views on. This was
the case, the Speaker would recollect, when the
question of adopting the tuvo voce principle of voting
was before the House; and he had again to regret
that it should be unnecessarily drsgged up
now, when a subject ío nuerestirg to
the Wes-tern country was under discus-
sion. Now be was not opposed to political
discussions in their proper place; he was not op-
posed to stamp speeches, made boldly and openly,
in the Western fashion; but he did not apptove of
the Eastern fashion, of holding a caucus at mid-
night and bringing out a candidate who could not
say a word for himself.
But on a subject of the importance to the West
that this was, he appealed to Western gentlemen to
discard politics and discuss it wiih reference to its
merits alone. No political capital could be gained
by either party from th s question, and he would
put it to his Wesiern friends whether a measure
th-y had so much at heart would not be injuriously
affected by dragging it unnecessarily into the po-
litical arena. Indeed, it would be good policy on
bis part to avoid a political discussion, for he was
well aware that his desultory remarks would ap-
pear slight in comparison with the spirited, stirring
speech they had just heard from the gentlemen
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Biodle.]
Mr. BIDDLE explained. He would assure the
gentleman fiom Illinois that he would not have
said a word on this subject if it bad not been for
the remarks made by the gentleman from Indiana,
who obtaine 1 the floor for the purpose of making a
personal explanation, and then went into a defence
of the Administration.
Mr. REYNOLDS continued. He had not in-
tended to say a word in complaint of the remaiks
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, for
whom he entertained the highest respect. What
he intended to say was for the purpose of showing
to his Western iriends the importance of keeping
this question free from the political conflicts oi the
day. He wou.d say, however, in reference to the
President, that he was not averse to asking him
for information on this or any subject touching the
public interests, and would, with pleasure, vote for
a resolution to that effect. He would not oppose a
resolution reaching the Departments in a proper way,
for he was not for ttifl ng investigation when the
public interests required it. But,  aid Mr. R. let
us turn our attention te the subject before us. Sup-
pose the President has neglected to recommend the
Cumberland road to the favorable consideration of
Congress. Suppose an appropriation for that road
is not to be found in the estimates of the Secretary
of the Treasury. Were these reasons why the
friends of the measure should not press it upon
Congress? I entreat, then, my Western friends to
join me in my endeavors to gel the action of this
Home in favor of this measure, and, laying poli-
tics aside, assist in obtaining an appropriation for it.
This road was, strictly speaking, a national mea-
sure. It was commenced inl806, and had been uni-
formly carried on, year by year, down to the present
time. It had been a favorite measure with the De-
mocracy of the country, and had been sanctioned
by Jefferson, Madison, and Monroe. He was
aware that some gentlemen on that floor were of
opinion that internal improvements by the General
Government were contrary to the provision* of the
Constitution. This was no doubt correct, as a ge-
neral rule. But were there not exceptions to every
rule? And was not this Cumberland road one «V
these exceptions) The Federal Government ought
not to make internal improvements in the old
States, because they had the power of taxation
over the soil within their limits, and had resources
to make these improvements themselves. That,
however, was not the ca«e with the new States.
The vast public domain within their limits was ex-
empted from taxation, and that resource for inter-
nal improvements was cut off. Giv* to the new
States the power of taxing the public lands, and w«
will ask you for no more appropriations for the
Cumberland road. Did not this circumstance
make an exception to the general rule?
There was another reason which made this road an
exception to the rule. There was a just, legal, and
equitable compact made with the new States, by
which two per cent, of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands was tobe applied to roads leading
o them. It was said that this two per cent, fund
hap been already expended, but this, he believed;
was not true. He was informed by h;s friend from
Ohio, that he had data to prove that a large amonct
of this fund was yet unexpended. If this was true,
and he had no doubt that it was si, he hoped that
his friend from Ohio would be the next to catch the
Speaker's eye, and be enabled to demonstrate the
facts to the House. Mr. R. Went on to ad-
vert to the deep interest taken by the peo-
ple of the West in this measure, and to the
impolicy and in jas tice of disappointing their
reasonable expectations with regard to ft.
He noticed the liberal appropriations made for
other objec's, and particulaily for the defence of
Florida, for which he had voted, and hoped that
gentleman would extend the like liberality towards a
measure so interesting to his constituents. He would
remind gentlemen,he said,of the large sums collect-
ed every year from the new States for the sale of
the public lands, asd would ask them if it did not
seem unjust to draw all this money from that sec-
tion of country without expending some of it there
in returu. This very fact, be thought, was suffi-
cient to make this subject an exception to the gene-
ral rule.   After some farther remarks frem Mr. R.
Mr. MASON said the gentleman who preceded
him had spoken of the propriety and impropriety
of subjecting this measure to the hazard of the
whirlpool of party politics. He, for one, dis-
claimed all intention, all purpose, of subjecting
this measure to such unhallowed test. The two
great political parties of the country had not di-
vided on this question, though gentlemen from each
had taken different sides as to the expediency of
progressing with the Cumberland road. Gentle-
men of both parties bad stood in opposition to
this measure. He believed if the gentlemen from1
the West—the section of cosntry so much inte-
rested in the measure—should fall out imong
themselves as to expediency, the enemies to tbiT
road would. look on and say, let them fight it oat;
because they know that that would be the most ef-
fedtual way to defeat it. Therefore, the gehtl*-
men from the West, of both parties, should
act with some concert. For one, he disclaimed any
intention or desire to make political capital out of
the question, as had been attributed to some by the
gentleman from Indiana. That gentleman had
said it was not a party measure in the Western
country.
Mr. WICK replied, that what he said was, that
it was in the West an all absorbing question, more
so than any question of general politics.
Mr. MASON was about resuming bis remarks,
when he was prevailed upon to yield the floor to
Mr. JAMESON, on whofe motion
The House adjourned till Monday next.
IN SENATE,
Monday, February 10,1840.
The CHAIR submitted a report from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, showing the payments made
on account of miscellaneous claims dunog the
year 1839;                                            __      -^    ,
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, show-
