178
——-^        ■ -        > ■        '■-  ' '    " ■•■-w'
16. That tobe in readineejrto carry this «ystem of regulating
foreign commerce intoeffett at the extinction of the public
dcWit will be necessary for Congress to designate the articles
for abolition of duty at the next stated session.
On motion of Mr. LINN, a memoir, com-
municated to the Select Committee on the Oregon
territory, in relation to the claims of the United
States to the Norhwestern Territory, was ordered
to be printed with the accompanying map, and
that 2,500 additional copies be printed.
Mr. WALKER submitted the following motion
for consideration; which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Commerce on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of causing
a complete surrey to be made of the coast of the
Stale of Mississippi, and of the islands in the
vicinage of said coast, and of all its bays and
harbors.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of caus-
ing light-houses to be established at Mississippi
city and at Ship Island.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
instructed to inquire into the expedieney of remov-
ing the obstructions in the Bayou Manchac.and re-
opening the same for navigation.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
airs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
requiring forts to be erected on the western extre-
mity of Ship Island, and on the bar or middle
ground, between Cat and Ship Island, in the State
of Mississippi.
Rttolved, That the Committee en Naval Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
establishing a navy yard at the «est end of Ship
Island, ia the State of Mississippi.
BILLS PASSED.
The following bills were taken up on their third
r   eadiog, read a third time, and passed:
The bill to authorize John E. Metealf, and
others, to locate certain pre emp'ion claims to land
in Indiana.
The bill for the relief of Susannah Honeyman,
and her legal representatives.
The bill to amend the "Act to provide for taking
tli* sixth census or enumeration of the inhabitants
of the Uni'ed States," approved March 3,1839.
ASSUMPTION OF STATE DEBTS.
r The report of the Select Committee, to which was
referred the resolution of Mr. Benton, and the
resolution of Mr. Lumpkin, on the 'subject of ihe
assumption of the State debts by the General Go-
vernment, being the special order of the day, was
taken op.
Mr. GRUNDY said he did not rise to discuss
this question, but merely to ask that, when the
question on the resolutions came up, it might be
taken on each separately, and by yeas and nays.
The first resolutions were then read, as follows:
1.  Resolved, That the assumption, directly or in-
directly, by ihe General Government, of the debts
which have been, or may be, contracted by the
States for local objects or State purposes, would be
unjust, both to the States and to ihe people.
2.  Resolved, That such assumption would be
highly inexpedient, and dangerous to the Union oi
the States.
3.  Resolved, That such assumption would be
wholly unauthorized by, and in violation of, the
Constitution of the United States, and utterly re-
pugnant to all the objects and purposes for which
the Federal Union was Armed.
4.  Resolved, That to set apart the public lands,
or the revenues arising therefrom, for the before
mentioned purposes, would be equally unjust, in-
expedient, and unconstitutional.
Mr. PRENTISS moved to strike out the words
"directly or indirectly" from the first resolution.
After some remarks by Mr. GRUNDY and
PRENTISS, the latter withdrew his amendment at
the suggestion of
Mr. CRITTENDEN, who moved to sir ke out
all after the word resolved in the first resolution,
and, as a substitute for the whole series, insert the
following:
Resolved, That the debts of the several States, a > far
aa they are known to ihe Senate, have been con-
iSCted in the exercise of the undoubted right and
constitutional power of said States resnectively,
and that there is no ground to warrant an j doubt of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the ability or diposition of those States to fulfil their
contracts.
Resohed, That it would be just and proper to
distribute the proceeds of the sales of the public
lands among the several States, in fair and ratea-
ble proportions, and that the condition of such of
the States as have contracted debts is such at ihe
present moment of pressure and difficulty as to
render such distribution especially expedient and
important.
Mr. CRITTENDEN submitted his reasons for
proposing the substitute, when
Mr. ALLEN intimating an intention of addre?s-
ing the Senate on the subject, on his motion it was
informally passed over, and the substitute ordered
to be printed.
The SeBate ihen went into Executive business,
And afterwards adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, Feb. 10, 1840.
The SPEAKER announced the first bas'ness in
order to be the reception of resolutions; and, there
upoD, Ihe States were called in their order. [See
below ]
Mr. HAND of New York gave notice of his
intention to ask leave to bring in a bill to establish
an uniform rule of naturalization, and to repeal all
acts heretofore passed on that subject.
Mr. OGLE offered a resolution providing for ihe
appointment of a select committee on the subject
of coinage, and directing the said committee to in-
quire into the expediency of discontinuing the ope-
rations at the several Branch Mints of the Uni'ed
States, with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
And Mr.O. moved a suspension of the rule for
the purpose of considering the resolution at this
time, and asked the yeas and nays on that motion,
which were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas
61, nays 104.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. SMITH of Vermont gave notice that he
would, on to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a bill
to repeal so much of the :econd section of an act
eniitled "An act to alter and amend the several
acts imposing duties on imports," approved July
14, 1832, as levies a duty on the importation of
salt.
Mr. WISE offered the followirg resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be reques'ed
to furn'sh this House with all the information in
h:s possession, or on file in h:s Department, re-
specting the imporiat on and employment of blood-
hounds and their keepers (if foreign keepers have
seen employed) by the War Department, or by
the authorities of the Territory, in the Florida war
with the Seminole Indians.
Mr. W. said he was already in posse sion of the
information which ihi3 resolution called for; and
he des red to take this opportunity lo sta e, in answer
to inquiries frrm several portions of the country,
that the War Department had admitted ihe fact,
officiary to him, that ihis Government had autho-
rized the employment of bloodhounds.
The resolution was ordered to lie over one day.
In pursuance of notice heretofore given, Mr.
ANDREWS, of Kentucky, introduced a bill
allowing the trustees of Centre College to dispose
of lands heretofore granted to the trustees of the
Deaf and Dumb Asylum of the S'ate of Kentucky;
which was read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
In pursuance of notice heretofore given by him,
Mr. GRAVES (ihe State of Kentucky having been
called) introduced a bill to authorize the purchase
of the stock held by individuals in the Louisville
and Portland canal, and to make the navigation
thereof free.
The bill having been read twice—
Mr. Graves moved that the bill be referred to
the Committee of Ihe Whole on the state of the
Union, and that it be made the special order for the
3d of March.
After some cenversation on a point of order, a
division of ihe question was moved and ordered.
Mr. DUNCAN inquired if a motion to refer the
bill to a committee for the purpose of investigating
the subject was in order?
;y v,",i'"i,.....' "      *                                      ---------
The SPEAKER said thai a motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union would take precedence of a motion to refer
to a standing committee.
And the question being taken, the bill was refer-
red lo the Committee of the Whole on ihe state of
the Union.
Mr. GRAVES then waived his motion for the
special order; and, on his motion, the bill, together
with a report made at the last session of Congrtss
on the subject, was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CROCKETT, in pursuance of notice given,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to
1 amend an act entitled "An act to authorize the
Slate of Tennissee to issue grants," &c. Read
twice, and referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands.
Mr. BELL, in pursuance of notice heretofore
given, asked leave to introduce a bill to secure the
freedom of elect ons, and to provide more effec-
tually for the administration of Executive pa-
tronage.
Objection being made,
Mr. BELL moved that leave be granted.
Mr. TURNEY asked the yeas and najs; which
were ordered.
Mr. PROFFIT called for the reading of the bill;
which having been read,
Mr. BELL said he did not feel disposed to sub-
mit any remarks in suppt rt of hismotion for leave.
He would waive his right, because the bill was
nearly a copy of one which had been twice or
thrice introduced here without objection. It was
seldom that any objection was made to the intro-
duction of a bill. Alter its introduction, the House
might take what course it thought proper—it might
pass or reject it at its discretion. He did not de-
sire, however, now to occupy any portion of a day
set apart for the reception of resoluáons with a
discussion on the provisions of this bill; and he
would not do so, provided any thing like a liberal
1 disposition was íhown by the House in allowing
the bill to be introduced. He thought proper to
state that this bill was not liable to some of the ob-
jections taken to that which had been introduced in
another part of the Capitol.
Mr. B. then proceeded to point out the difference
in the provisions of the two bills—when a   uestion
of order was raised as to the right of the gentleman
• to discuss the matter at this time.
The decision of the SPEAKER was that, under
the practice of the House heretofore, (although it
was aea<nsl his own impression,) the gentleman
from TenRessee [Mr. Bell] was in order to pro-
ceed in his remarks—if the molit n for leave was
made.
Mr. D. H. LEWIS appealed from this decision.
The appeal was debated by Messrs. LEWIS,
CRARY, and BELL.
When Mr. HUBBARD moved the previous
question on the appeal.
Mr. BELL said he wou'd not put the gentleman
to that necessity; but protesting against the con-
struction given to the rule by gentlemen on the
other site, and by which a gentleman not in favor,
might be forever prevented from introducing a bill,
he would waive iui ther debate.
And, thereupon, the appeal was wiihdrawn.
The question then recurred, and was taken on
the motion for leave to introduce ihe bill, and was
decided in the affirmative—yeas 91, nays 74.
So leave was granted.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON said he felt it to be his
duty to oppose the bill at every step. From what
he knew of it, he thought it ought not to be re-
ceived.
Mr. BELL called the gentleman to order. Let
him make his motion.
Mr. JOHNSON said he was going to make it,
and, thereupon, moved the question of considera-
tion, and asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. BELL insisted that the bill must be read a
first time.
Some conversation on the point of order ensued.
The bill was at length read a first time—
And Mr. JOHNSON moved the question of con-
sideration.
Mr. BELL gave notice of his intention to de-
bate, and ihe bill lies over.
