180
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
three months in the Revolutionary army, be referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to in-
quire hito the expediency of allowing additional compensation
to Capt. John Nelson of Indiana, and other1;, who were made
prisoners during the late war with Great Bruain, and that the
leMerofsaid Nelson, in favor of said claim, be referred to said
committee-
Mr. RHETT submitted the following resolution, which caus-
ing debate was, under the rule, laid over:
Resolved, That the Committee of Foreign Affairs do inquire
into the circumstances under which the American ves-el En-
terprise was driver, by stress of weather, in the year of 1837, in-
to the port of Hamilton, in the Island of Beimuda, and the
slaves therein were liberated by the authorities of that island,
and de report thereon to this I louse.
Mr. GRIFFIN submitted the following, which, under the
rule, lies over:
Resolve'!, That the finished lobbies on each side of the hall be
reserved for the use of the members, and those with whom they
may be called from the hall foi the transaction of business.
On motion of Mr. GREEN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the propriety and expedi-
ency of establishing a post route for a daily mail, lo be carried
in four hotse post coaches from Louisville, Ky. by way of West
Point, Brandenburg, Hardinsburg, Owensborough, thence to
Bmithland, mouth of Cumberland, (he most direct and prac-
ticable route, and that said committee report by way of bill or
otherwise.
On motion of Mr. NAYLOR,
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the proprieiy of allowing Mark
Hawkesworth the pay of i yeoman during the time ho did the
duties of that office on board the United States schooner Dol-
phin, to wit, from from the 4th of November, 1833, to the 30th of
November, 1835.
Mr. NAYLOR also offered the following resolutions, which
lieover one day under the rule:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested to
transmit to this House copies of all the proceedings of the
Court of Inquiry held at Philadelphia, in the year 1839, to
inquire into the conduct of Captain Jesse Ü. Elliott, ol the
United States navy, together with copies of the statements
and opinions of said Court, and of all the testimony, diagrams,
«nd papers taken and introduced in the course of the said in-
quiry.
Krsolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be requested
to inform this House whether his Department admits free of
duty umbrellas and parasols covered with silk, imported Into
the United States; and, if so, how long they have been so ad-
mhted free, and the number or amount of them, together with
his reasons for so admitting them.
Mr. C. MORRIS offered the following resolution, which [lies
over under the rule:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District of Columbia
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
fund tor the support of common schools within said District,
by an application of a portion of the public domain for that pur-
pose.
On motion of Mr. CRANSTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of amending
the law in relation lo ship letters, so as to make it the duty of I
the captain, or other person having returned ship letters, to re-   '
turn them to the postmaster at the port where he shall arrive.
On motion of Mr. DENMS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ol establish-
ing a post route from Princess Ann to (Julien's store, in the
county of Somerset, Maryland.
On motion of Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS,
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of one member from
each State, be appointed to inquire into the expediency and pre-
priety of creating a National Bulk, with leave to report by bill
or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. CRABB,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be instructed
to luquire into the expediency—
First, of granting to the several internal improvement com-
pauiesm the State of Alabama a right uf pre-emption on a rea-
sonable credit, to a quantity of public land, proportioned lo
their respective capitals, lying nearest to the line of the pro-
jected improvements, to Deselected so as not to interfeie with
individual claims or other rights of pre-emption.
Secondly, of relinquishing to the State of Alabama the re-
maining two-fifths of the five per cent, of the nett proceeds of
the public lands sold within said State since the l-¡t day of Sep-
tember, IS19, for the express purpose of connecting, by rail-
roads, canals, or otherwise, under the direction of the Legisla-
ture of that State, the navigable waters of Mobile Bay with
the Tennessee liver.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Militia be instructed to
inquire into the justice and expediency of increasing the com-
pensation of the militia and volunteer troops when called into
the service of the United States.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN, of Alabama,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be instruct-
ed t  inquire into the expediency of granting to the State of
Alabama, for the further execution of the improvement of the
Tennessee river, at the Muscle and Colbert's Shoals, all the
public lands remaining unsold within the Hunusviile land dis-
trict.
On motion of Mr. LEWIS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of providing, by lav/; more adequate com-
pensation lo such townships in Alabama as have been deprived
of their 16th sections by reason of reservations under Indian
treaties; and that they also inquire into the expediency ol con-
firming the titles to reservations under the trtaty of Fort Jack-
son, which have been bona fide disposed of by the original re-
servees.
Mr. LEWIS moved the following, which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Landsinquire
into the expediency of suffering persons who have by mistake
entered a subdivision of public land not intended to be entered,
to relinquish the same, and enter ofherlands in its place, or re-
ceive back the money paid for such land, under such regula-
tion* ae may be prescribed by  the Commissioner of Public
Lands, and upon proof satisfactory to him that the party ap-
plying had not in fact entered tire land he in tended to enter,   u, JJ
On motion of Mr. JAMESON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of re-reporting the bill reported by
that committee December 28, 1837, for the relief of Reuben E.
Gentry, William Monroe, and others.
On motion of Mr. CROSS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed
to li quire into the expediency oi conferring on the District
Court of the United Stales for the district of Arkansas the
jurisdiction of a Cucuit Court, and of requiring two terms
thereof to be held annually.
Mr. CRARY moved the following, which lies over:
Resolved, That the Secretary ol the Navy report to this
House the number of hydrographic surveys that have been
made by his Department; the cost of the same; by whom and
when made; under what authority, ami lor what purpose; and
whether the publication of charts of said surveys would be con-
ducive to the interests of commerce.
Mr. MONTANYA moved the following, which lies over:
Resolved, That tho Committee on Commerce be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of erecting a beacon-light at the
extremity of the pier recently constructed by the New York
and Erie Railroad company into the Hudson nver.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS of Connecticut,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of paying to Ingoldsby V. Craw-
ford and Samuel Phillips, collectors of Newburyport, all that
may be foundjusily due to them for their services and expendi-
tures in superintending the light-houses, beacons, and buoys,
in their districts, from the year 1831 to 1837, inclusive, and
in purchasing a lot and superintending the erection ol a cus-
tom house aiid public store in their districts; Provided, That
¿lie sum to be paid shall not exceed one thousand dollars to
each.
Mr. MORGAN offered the following, which lies one day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
inform the House of Representatives whether in his annual re-
port, made at the commencement of the present session of
Congress, and in the estimates therein contained of expenditures
proposed lor the current year, he has included any sum or pro-
posed any appropriation for the construction and contin uation
of the Cumberland road; and, if not, whether the omission was
intentional or designed.
Mr. RUSSELL offered the following, which lies one day:
Revolved, That the Postmaster General be directed to inform
this House—
1st. Whether Munson Smith, late postmaster at Schaghti-
coke Point, in the State of New York, was removed from saul
othce upon cha ges exhibited against him to the Postmaster
Generat; and if so, when—what were the charges— by whom
were there preferred—and what evidence of the truth of such
charged was exhibited to the Depaftment.
•21. Whether Mr. Smith had notice from lh« Department
of the existence of tho charges, and the testimony exhibited
against him, or any opportunity of exculpating himself by
counteracting testimony, before the Department proceeded to
act thereon.
3d. Whether the Postmaster General, on application there-
for, refused t  furnish copies of the charges, or give to Mr.
Smith any reasons for his removal.
4th. Whether the Postmaster General, upon an application
for that purpose, by a member of the House of Representa-
tives of the United States, in behalf of Judge Smith, has not
refused to permit said papers, charges, and evidence, to be in-
spected or examined, alleging that it was contrary to the rules
of the Department to allow an examination of any papers, or
charges, deposited in the office, and upon which the action of
the Department had been invoked, or removals had 'aken
place; and that the Postmaster General be directed to fur-
nish this House with copies of all papers and charges in his
office implicating Judge Smith, and which had for their ob-
ject his removal from office; and also copies of the correspoml-
enc: previous to his removal, between the Department and any
person or persons relating to the removal of Mr. Smith.
Mr. CHITTENDEN offered the following resolution, which
lies over:
Resulted, That the Postmaster General be requested, with-
out delay, to communicate to this House upon what terms and
under what contracts the mails have been transported between
the city of Washington and New York since the 31st day ol De-
cember last, the name, and by whom the mails upon that route
have been carried; whether by railroad or otherwise; whether,
at some times, a portion ofthe mail only has been carried, and,
if so, the reason therefor; whether there has, within that tunc,
been any failure in the transportation ofthe mails, and, if so,
the number and causes thereof and whether, if to, what
means have been taken by the Post Office Department to pre-
vent any failures hereafter upon said route.
Mr. MONROE offered the Ibllowing resolution, which lies
over:
Resolved, That the Postmas'.er General be directed to report
to this House whether he deems any act ion by Congress neces-
sary to enable him to make such contracts for the tiansportation
of the mail from this city to New York, and also to enforce the
punctual performance of ihe same by such persons as may
come under contract.
On motón ofMr. E. ROGERS,
Resolved, That the Committee oil Revolutionary Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of allowing the claim
ol Benjamin Sammons for services during the Revolutionary
war, and that ihe petition and papers now on file be referred to
said committee.
Mr. HENRY offered the following resolutions, which lie
over.
Resolved, That ageucial dissemination of knowledge, and
in a more especial mannei that which relates to the affairs of
this gr> at nation, to all classes of our fellow-citizens, is the
only sure basis upon which, all our Republican institutions
stand, and on which depends the permanency ol this great lie-
public.
Resolved, That there is no medium through which that
knowledge can, with such ea*>e and facility, be disseminated to
all classes of our fellow-citizens, high or low, rich or poor, as
that of a public newspaper.
Resolved, therefore, (that this great end may lie better at-
tained, and that the poorer class of our citizens may have such
knowledge spread abroad among them on the cheapest and
most moderate terms,) that the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
so altering the rates of postage that all newspapers shall be car-
ried by mail in the respective counties where they are printed
and published, without any charge of postage.
Mr. PETRIK1N offered the lollowing resolution, which lies
over:                                                                    ,
Resolved, That the President be requested to inform this
House what is the amount of the salary paid to the Commis-
sioner ofthe Public Buildings, and also what amount of salary
paid to the Architect, and whether any peiquisites are attached
to saidoffices by which thesalaries are mcieased.
On motion of Mr. FI.OY'I),
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency oi establish-
ing a post route from Westernville to Boonville, in the county
ol Oneida, New York.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Fost
Roads be directed to inquire into the expediency ol establishing
a post route from Cassville, m the township of Paris, to Bab-
cock Hill, in the township of Bridgewater, in the counly of
Oneida, New York.
Mr. RANDOLPH offered the following resolution, which lies
over:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate lo this House a copy of a letter aildiessed to him by
Ihe Hon Ebenezer Tucker, ol Tuckerton, New Jersey, ou or
about the 13ih of May last, in relation to the protection and im-
provement of Little Egg Harbor.
Mr. LEET offered ihe following resolution, which lies
over:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be di-
rected to Inquire into the expediency of making an appropria-
tion ol $20,OUU, to be expended under the direction of the Se-
cretary of War, in making tuard fences along the dangerous
passes ol so much of the National road as lies within the States
ol Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Virginia.
On motion of Mr. J. DAVIS, of Pennsylvania,
Resolved, That the Clerk rause lo be furnished to the mem-
bers of Ihis House during the present session, such newspapers
as they may direct, the expense thereof not to exceed the price
of three daily papers to each member, from the commencement
of the session.
Mr. WORTHINGTON oflbred the following resolution
which lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be dnected
to inquire into the expediency of providing an appropriation by
law foi the removal of obstructions in the Susquehanna river,
at or near Havre de Grace, and for the improvement of the liai-
bor of Havrs dé Grace.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON offered the lollowing resolutions
which lie over:
Resolved, That the Committee for the District ol Columbia
be allowed to employ a clerk.
Resolved, That the proceeds of the sal's of------ acies of
the public lands be given to the State of Maryland, for the
purpose of free schools and academies, which amount of
acres is to correspond in a just proportion to that alrealy
granted by Congress to many of the States in the Union lor the
like purpose.
Resolved, That------ committee report a bill in accordance
with the principles ofthe foregoing resolution.
Mr. WISE offered the lollowing resolution, which lies over
Resolved, That a select committee be appointed lo inquire
into the justice and expediency of reducing ail the salaries of
civil officers of the United States which may be reduced by
law upon a scale pro|X>rtioned to the present embarrass-
ments of the public Treasury, and of the people, and in
accordance with the specie standard of a "hard money Go-
vernment.''
Mr. L. WILLIAMS offered the following resolution, which
lies over:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of extending ilie post road,
from Walnut (irove, in Virginia, to Boweu'o Store, in Aslio
county, North Carolina.
On motion of Mr. BEIRNE,
Resolved, That ihe Committee on the Post Office and Tost
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ol establish-
ing a post route from the VVIute Sulphur Springs, in Greenbrier
county, Vi ginia,by Anthony's Creek, to Huntersville, intuid
State.
Mr. STEENROD offered the following lesolutiou, which
lies over:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General be required to in-*
form this House, at as early a day as practicable, ol the causes
and the extent ol the detention ol the mail, and of the irregu-
larity ot its conveyance iK'tween Wheeling, in Virginia, and
Bridgeport, in Ohio; and, alto, his opinion as to the best means
ol remedying the evd.
On motion of Mr. TALIAFERRO,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire into the existing laws ofthe United States, and re.
port whether any and what provision is necessary to direct the
manner in which evidence shall be admitted and taken by the
naval courts martial in the Navy ofthe United Stales.
On motion of Mr. J. JOHNSON,
i Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
Í be, and he is hereby, authouzed to pay out of the contingent
fund any excess of postage charged upon packages directed to
i members of Congress u pon public business.
' Mr. HOLLEMAN offered the following resolution, whit h
<   lies over:
|      Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instiuct-
ed to inquire intothe expediency ofincieasmg the salary ofthe
judge ol the District Court ol the United States in the Eastern
!   District of Virgin la.
,       On motion of Mr. MONTGOMERY,
;       Resolved, That the Clerk of this House cause an addition to
'   be made of the whole amount contained in each appropnutit n
I   bill as soon as they shall be reported lo this House, and also af-
I   ter they shall have passedon their second and third readings
and keep a statement on his desk, showing the amount of sp
propriation contained in each, and the aggregate tf ihe whol-
amount of appropriations that have been passed, ready for the
inspection of the members of this House.
On motion of Mr. KING,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
ti inquire into the expediency of electing a custom-house and
marine hospital in the city of Savannah, and report by bill or
otherwise.
Resolved, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be instruct-
ed to inquire into the eipeáiency of employing arrrel steam-
ers in the revenue service, instead of the vessels new in use,
