CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
Compen'atton to officers and clerks,
Pay of laborers
Wastage and contingent expenses,
Í24.900
29,400
203)0
#0600
Therefutt, be it resolved. That a select committee, to con-
ant of--------members, be raised oa the subject of coinage, and
that said committee be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of discontmums operations at the several Branch Mints
of the United States, with leave to report by bill or other-
wise.                                                       ,             . . , ,.
Mr. OGLE also offered the following resolutions, which he
over-
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
communicate to this House copies of all correspondence on file
in tha: Department, relative to the management and opei ations
of tie Branch Mint at New Orleans and, also, to report to this
House the alleged abuses at the said Branch Mint, which give
rise to the late investigation by the United States District At-
torney at New Orleans; and that the said Secretary be directed
to communicate copies ot all the testimony taken 10 the pro-
gress of said investigation, and the report made thereon by said
District Attorney, with the action of the Government m relation
thereto.
itaolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he directed
to inquire whether it would he constitutional and expedient to
FUbject the hatiking institutions chartered by the respective
Slates to the provisions ol a general bankrupt law, agreeably to
a suggestion of President Van Buren in his measure to the ¿55th
Congress, in the session of 1837; and, further, to inquire
whether the commerce, trade, and business of the people ol
the United States can be conveniently transacted and carried
on wiin a currency exclusively metallic; and,if not, whether it
would be constitutional and beneficial to the public interests to
provide one currency for the officers and contractors under
the G nsral Government, and another currency for the officers
an 1 people of the several States.
Mr. W. C. JOHNSON affered the following, which were
laid over, under the rule:
Resolved, That each of the United States being a party to the
national compact, possesers an ínierestm the public domain in
proportion to the Federal population of each, or in the terms of
the compact, according to the usual respective proportion of (he
ge leral charge and expenditure.
Resolved, That those States in whose favor Congress has
nit made appropriations of the public domain for the purposes
of education, are entitled to such appropriations as will corre-
spond in a just proportion with those heretofore made m behalf
of othei Ivates.
Resolved, That the entire proceeds of sales of the f.ublic
lands of the United States should constitute a fund to be dis-
tribu'ed, upon some fair and equitable principle, to all the
Sates of the Union, to be applied by the Slates severally to
p-omote general education, to be applied to purposes of in-
ternal improvement, or to be expended as the wisdom of each
State may think best calculated to promote its welfare.
Resolved, That the policy indicated in the foregoing reso-
lutions would have the tendency of checking the wasteful
and profligate expenditures by the Federal Government, and
would, at the same time, leave abundant means in the Trea
sury to carry on liberally and ■ tiiciently all the necessary
operations of Government, according to the genius and spirit ol
the Constitution, and the letter and intention of the various acts
of cession.
Resolved, That--------Committee report one or more bills
in accordance with the provisions  of the foregoing reso-
lutions.
ft
The following petitions, presented on the fith February by
Mr P. J. Wagner, were omitted in that day's proceedings:
The petition of Desire Jolly, widow of William Jolly, a sol-
dier of the Revolution, praying for an increase of pension. Of
Martha McMasters, widow of Hugh McMasters, a soldier of
the Revolution, praying for arrears of pension. Of Effe Van
Ness, widow of Garret.Van Ness, an officer ol the Revolut.on,
-raying for a pension. Of George Newton, of Fulton county,
Jew York, a soldier in the late war with Great Britain, pray-
ing to be restored to the invalid pension roll. Of Mary and
Elizabeth OJell, only surviving children of A. W. Odell, who
wis a captain and major in the late war, and died of wounds
received in said war, praying for five years' full pay for the
services of their father. Of Charles Nukerk. stating that he
held a commission in the United States army in 1814, and that
at the battle of Oswego, New York, in said year, (he enemy
took from him all his effects, consisting of money, clothing, <fcc.
for which he prays relief. Ol Noah Yale and others, citizens
of Montgomery county, New York, praying for reduction of
postage, and the abolition of the franking privilege. Of the
heirs at law of Jellis Fonda, praying compensation lor property
belonging to said Fonda, which was destroyed in the Mohawk
Valley, New York, by the common enemy, in the Revolutionary
war. Of Esther LefTerts, late widow ol William S. Thorn, de-
ceased, a lieutenant in the Revolutionary army, praying pay-
ment of the commutation of half pay, to which her said former
husband was entitled. Of Joshua Webster and others, citizens
of New York, praying that ¡Mmon I). Kittle, of Monlcomery
county, New York, be released from a judgment of 920,000,
obtained against him by the Unncd States, as surely lor Al-
phonso Wewiore. Kite paymastei in the United Stales army.
Also, the petitions, for relief, of Brigadier General Peter C.
F«x, aotlof Mrs. Elizabeth Davilgon; the former for services,
4tc. in the late war with G.eat Britain, and the latter for a pen-
si « for services of her deceased husband, G. Davidson, in the
Revolutionary war.
Among the petitions presented by Mr Lowell of Maine,
on the 13th of Jinuary, are thefollowine, namely Jacob Ste-
vens, any other inhabitants of Craw ford, Maine, for the esta-
tshment of a mail route from Machias, or East Machias, to
Ciawford: refetied to the Committee on the Post Office and
Poit Roads. Captain Henry B. Nones, and other officers
oí the United States revenue cutler Albert, that the laws giving
pensions to the widows of deceased officers and seamen, in
the naval service, may be extended to the widows of deceased
officers anil seamen in the revenue setvice r< ferred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs Zebediah Rich, and ninetv
eight others, for an appropriation to erect a light house on
Bass Harbor Head, m the State of Maine: referí ed to the
Committee on Commerce i. B Knight, owner of the scooner
Martha, of Eaa'port, Mame.for an allowance of fishing bounty
pa Mid ve#9f 1, lor the time «he was employed In the fishing ser.
vire-referred to the Committee on Commerce. Polly Ham-
ilton, widow of Richard Hamilton, deceased, that the pension
of her late husband may be continued to her- referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Robert C. Stickney,
Postmaster at Milltown, in Calais, Maine, praying an allowance
lor carrying the mail fiom the Calais Post Olhce, to the Mill-
town Office, from the fiist day of July, 183 7, to the 30th of
March, 1839: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
The following is the Select Committee on the
Tobacco Trade, appointed in pursuance of resolu-
tion:
Mr. JENIFER, of Maryland.
COLES, of Virginia.
SERGEANT, of Pennsylvania.
DAWSON, of Georgia.
CARROLL, of Maryland.
GRINNELL, of New York.
TRIPLETT, of Kentucky.
PARISH, of O lio.
MILLER, of Missouri.
11
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, February 11, 1840.
The CHAIR subm tted a report from (he Secre-
tary of War, showing the expenditures at the na-
tional armories, and the arais manufactured for
the year 1839; which was laid on the table, and
ordered io be printed.
Mr. LUMPKIN presented the petition of a
number of cii zens of Paulding county, Georgia,
praying the establishment of a mail route; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Pi st Roads.
Mr TAPPAN presented the memorial of James
M. Morgan, praying compensation for his services
as bearer of despatches fi om the Governor of the
Territory of Iowa to the Secretary of Slate; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr- CLAY of Alabama, the me-
morial of Simeon-Girón, on the files of trie Senate,
was referred to the Committee on Private Land
Cla>'ms.
On motion by Mr. SEVIER, the documents in
relation to the claims of Samuel Mackey, were re-
ferred tr> the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of John P.
Dunk'ee; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. D. also presented the memorial of a number
of merchants of Boston, in the State of Massachu-
setts, praying that steam paeke's may be allowed
to transport a greater number of passengers to the
ton than is now ?llowed by law; which was refer-
red to the Commit ea on Commerce.
BLOODHOUNDS IN FLORIDA.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from
the representatives of the religious Society of
Friends in Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and Dela-
ware, and also fourteen memorials from citizens
of the ei y and county of Philadelphia, remonstrat-
ing against the employment of bloodhounds in the
war against the Seminole Indians; and moved
their reference to the Commit'.ee on Military Af-
fairs.
Mr. BENTON said he wished to ray a few
words in relat.on to these memorials. He sup-
posed they were like some other memorials, a large
proportion of whos,e signers were women and chil-
dren. He woo'dsay that the Govt rnment contem-
plated ro such thing as that prayed against by these
memorialists; and they were, therefore, misdirected
when ihf y sett them here. If some individuals of
the Territory o' Florida have imported such animal?
ts'hifee mentioned io. the memorial-, u has bean
dene without ths consent or knowledge of the Go-
vernment. He was, therefore, opro<ed to a refe-
rence to a committee, requiring them tj act on a
subject which had no existence in point of fact.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he had presented these
memorials, expecting lhat they would be referred
to the Committee on Military AfTaiis, without a
single remark, knowing that they could and would,
in a report of a dez°n lines, exonerate the Govern-
ment from this heavy charge. He could himself
have assured the memoriati-ts that these blood-
hounds had been imported without the knowledge
cf the War D'par'mcni; but he preferred it tocóme
in a more rincidí shape—as the report of a commit-
tee.   If Ms, fread trom Missouri would examine
these memorial!', he would ascertain that they were
signed by many of the most respectable and best in-
formed citizens of Philadelphia, without distinction
of religious sect or political party. There were no
women and children, as he had supposed, among
ihe memorialists.
Mr. BENTON said he would admit the signers
of these memorials were among the best of men,
but he felt disposed to question their title to wis-
dom. They were not well informed; in fact they
were worse off than if they possessed no informa-
tion at all; f r what they possessed was false. The
Government, so far from doing what was insinu-
ated in thes-e memorials, had no knowledge what-
ever of it. So far from ordering these bloodhounds-,
they did not even know lhat it was done, until they
heard of it, as the rest of us have done, through the
newspapers. Having made these remarks, he was
content that the Senate should take whatever
course they thought the proper one. They might
be sent to the Military Committee, or to the War
Department, where they would probably be sent,
if referred to that committee.
Mr. PRESTON said he had beard with surprise
and satisfaction the declarations of the honorable Se-
nators, on this subject, whose authority is undoubted,
possessed as they are of such authentic sources of
information. He, in caramon with many other?,
was impres ed with the belief that these animah
were imported, if not by the direction, at leas-t with
the sanction, of the Government, and he was glad
to hear this explicit disavowal. He would wish,
however, that declarat.ons equally explicit were
made as to the intentions of the Department in re-
lation to these animals, mw that they were in the
country; whether the Government intended to em-
ploy them or not.
Mr. BENTON read the memorial of the Society
«f Friends, in which they prayed that Congress
would put an end to the war in Fl rida, by extend-
ing to the Seminóles the hand of friendship.
Mr. B. said he knew that there were no better peo-
ple in the world than the Quakers. He was ra sed
among them, and knew them well. But how
wretchedly were they misnformed of the character
of thee Indian^, when they supposed that
by holding out the hand of friendship we
could terminate thia war! Mr. B. then re-
ferred to th* treachery of the Indians during the
last year, when an attempt was made to end the
war amicably. They had invited Col. Harney to
establish a trading house, which being done, they
had surprised the post in the hour of darkness, and
massacred every individual they could lay hands
on.
Mr, LUMPKIN said the longer he lived, the
mote he was opposed to wars and fighting, and
he would rejoice at the approach of the day when no
resort would be necessary to such sanguinary mea-
sures. But, from the course which had been pur-
sued in the Senate and elsewhere, he felt bound to
say that his views were different from those of
many others on the subject under discussion.
As a member of Congress, or if he was connected
with the Executive, he would not recommend a re-
course to the measure which has been so much de-
nounced; bnt if he was an inhabitant of that
Territory, whose fields were devastated, and
whose women and children were butchered by
the ftrocious and wily savage, he would think it no
more a crime, if he had a trusty dog, to trace the
lurking Indian to his lair, than he would to shoot
him dowa when he found him. He confessed that
he could see no objection to use these anima's,
which would not equally lie against the usa of
what are considered legitimate means of warfare.
He lding these opinions, he felt bound in candor to
express tl.em. If the inhabitants of Florida have
resorted to this means of tvrminating a protract-
ed and destructive war, it was not the first time
that bloodhounds had been employed on this conti-
nent in the contests with Indians. He would pledge
himself, if necessary, to produce statute books of
some of our States.in which a premium was offered y^
for raising bloodhounds for the express purpose of
hun'.ing down Indians.
Mr.BUCHANAN said hehad purposely refiained "
from entering into a discussion of tins subject, out
wx>u,!d only f ay that ihe p*>p> of ihe counlrv h 4
