Cumberland road and the-tariff and internal im-
provement system; and in connection with this-part
of his argument, quoted also the opinions of Mr.
Calhoun. After deprecating the prejudices ex-
iting against this great measure, and the lamenta-
ble want of information on the subject, he earnestly
appealed to members to examine deeply into it,
assuring himself that on being possessed of the re-
qui*i e information, they would not fail to give to
it their hearty support.
Mr. PABRIS of Maine observed that, if he was
to judge from theremaiksof the gentleman who
had jo^t taken his seat, he would infer that all his
batteries were directed towards the members from
the Sooth for inteiposing theirobjections to the con-
stitutionality of appropriations for the Cumberland
road.    Now he, (Mr. P.) as a  Representative
from the North, would interpose his objections on
constitutional grounds, as against the injustice and
inexpediency of making further expenditures for
this   measare.     The gentleman from Ohio had
made a very ab'e and eloquent speech  to prove,
what no onw denied, that the new States were en-
titled, under the compact made  ui'h ihem at the
time they were admitted into the Union, to 5 per
cent, of the nett proceeds of the sales of the public
lands within their limi's. to be applied to the mak-
ing of roads leading to them.   No one denied that
these were the terms of the compact made  with
these States when they were admitted into the Union.
Bat another question arose:    Had the General
Government performed its part of the compact 1
Prom the public documents now on file, he should
now endeavor to show that this Government had
long since performed all that was required of it by
the compact.   Mr. P. fir<t  read from a report
made by a committee of the Senate in December,
1815, defining the terms of the coir pact and the ob-
ligations of the Government under it—after which,
he referred to the act of the 3d oí March, 1803, by
which Congress appropriated 3 per cent, of the 5
per cent, fund ior laying out and making roads
leading to the State oifOnio.   II? would now (Mr.
P. said) refer gentlemen to the document from the
Secretary of the Treasury, laid before the House
during the last Congress, which gives, as the result,
the whole amount of the proceeds of the sales of
the public lands, and the amount appropriated for
making this road. The pentleman from Ohio expected
an appropriation founded on the contract.   Now
this document wonld show that the contract bad
been more than complied with.   The two per cent
fund was to make a road leading to the State of
Ohio; and the three per cent, was to make roads
through it.   This he understood to be the compact
with the State of Ohio at the time she was admit-
ted into the Union.   Now he would call the atten-
tion of the Hcu^e to the amount cf this fund, and
the amount she had received out of it. The two per
cent, fund amounted to less than one millimof
dolar?, and the Sate had rereived from the Trea-
sury of the United States six millions five hundred
thousand dollars, being five and  a half millions
more than she was entulrd to under the compact.
This did not include the three per cent, fund which
never  had  been   expended    on   the   road, but
remained  at   the  di posal of  the   S ates.   This
three    per    cent,     fund     would    amount     to
one million five hundre 1 thousand dollars; and this
amount the State of Ohio had drawn from the pub-
lic Treasury.     Including the two per cent, under
the compact, the three States who now asked an
appropriation, would be entitled to two and a half
millions of dollars only, when they had received
•ver five and a half millions.    These three States,
Ohio, Indiana, and 11 inois, owed the General Go-
vernment, upon every principle of equity, five and
a half millions of dollars.   But it seemed that they
were not satisfied wih this large sum, but still
asked for more; and, according to the statements
laid on the tables of members,  it would require
about eight millions to complete üVs road, in addi-
tion to what had alr< ady been expended.     If he
understood the matter correctly, the public tends
were not given to the Federal Government to be
appropriated in this way.   They were ceded by
Virginia, and othtr States, not for the purpose of
making reals, but for the poipofe of liquidating
the debt* of the Revolution; and it could be shown
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by public documents, that the lands had not an-
swered   the parposrs of  their  destination.   The
debts of the Revolution had been liquida'ed with
the moneys received from the customs, and not out
of the proceeds of the sales of the public lands, as
the States who ceded  them intended.   In the old
States,said Mr. P. we have made our own roads
without calling on the General Government to as-
sist us; and if gentlemen will show me a constitu-
tional power for repaying to  the State of Maine
what she has expended for making of roads, I will
then be  able to find a constitutional  power for
making the appropriations that   are   now  asked   :
for.     The fact   being   admitted   that  the   pub-   i
lie land*   had  not answered the purposes of their
destination—that they had not paid the expense of
their acquisition, and the charges on them,  while
the debt of the Revolution was paid out of the cus-
toms—it would be worth while to inquire from
whom these customs were collected.   Mr. P. here
quoted documentary evidence to show the propor-
tion of the customs paid in his State, as well as in
the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.   The re-
sult, he said, was, that Maine had  paid three hun-
dred dollars into the Treasury, vhere these ihree
S'ates had paid one.    But it had been said that the
amount abstracted from the State of Maine, in the
shape of customs, bad been made up to her in the
buitding of  light-houses, forts, navy yards, &c.
This, however, was not the  fact.   These pubic
works were constructed for the general good of the
whole, and not for the peculiar  benefit of the
State of Maine.   But, supposing this were the
ca^-e, how would it contrast with ere at amoun's
expended for the exclusive benefits of the new
Slates. The  pubic documents showi d   that   the
three Western States be had mentioned had re-
ceived four hundred dollars out of tho public Trea-   i
sury for every dollar they had paid into it.   Since
gentlemen could not but be satined that they had
received more for this road than was due them un-
der the compact, he would a«Ir them under what
clause of the Constitution ihey expected more.   He
would ask  what c'ause of the Constitution gave
Congress the  power to make appropriations ex-
clusively local and sectional in  their operation.
Was it to be found in that part of the Constitution
which gave Congress the power to provide for ihe
common   defence  and  general   welfare?     Was
it under  the   clause which   gave Congress   the
power to establish   post   offices and po t road.«?
Or was it under the power to regulate commerce?  j
He was aware that the power to appropriate mo- '|
ney for this road had been claimed under all these
clauses of the Constitution, but he now understood
that the advocates of this measure relied solely on
the compact.   The terms of the compact havin?
been cemp'etely fulfiled, I contend, taid Mr. C.
that we have no constitutional power to ma';e fur-
ther appropriations for this object, unless the road
is under the exclusive jurisdiction of   the General
Government.    Now, he would a-k  what power
they had to assume exclusive jurisdiction over this
road?    There was no   part of  the Constitution
which gave Congress exclusive juri-díclion over
the Cumberland road, or any other rc.d   In 1825,
an expropriation for this road was before Corgress,  I ¡
and he was happy to find that there  was one act  !!
of Mr. Monroe's administration that was worthy   |
of commendation, and that was his veto of the bill.
Mr. P | here read fomt extracts from Mr. Mon-
roe's vetomes'age. This was thelan2u?ge,hesad,
of Mr. Monrce in 1825, and he presumed that no
gentleman fi iendly to the road now justified appro-   :
priations for it on the grounds of their constitution- ' |
ality, but claimed them under the compact.    It   !
was sufficiently  shown that these compacts had
been fulfilled, and more than fulfilled, by the Pe-   j
deral Government, and that the three States now
asking for farther appropriations had received five
million* and a half of dollars more than they were ,¡
entitled to.   At en  time we are till, said M>. P. ■
that we are bound to make this road by the terms
of the compact; and at another time, that it will
bind the Union more  firmly together.   Was this   !
Union, he would ask, only kept together by the
money expended on different sections of it?   Was
that the only tie which bound the Wes'ern country
to the Union.1   He could not believe it,   He held
185
that this Union was bound together by stronger ties
than dollars and cents.
When this road was orginally contemplated by
Mr. Jefferson, whose authority the gentleman from
Ohio quoted in support of his argument, it wa*
never intended that it should be a magnificent
structure, costing fifteen or twenty thousand dol-
lars a mile, as it has cost. It was never contem-
plated that such a splendid system of internal im-
provements should grow out of it. If they had
confintd themselves to the true understanding of
the compact, they would have had a very conve-
nient road completed by this time, not costing more
than the amount due them. To show, however,
how far this had been exceeded, Mr. P. re'erred
to the documents, which stated the amount neces-
sary to complete this road at «even millions eight
hundred and ninety-six thousand dollars and some
odd cents.
Mr. P. also referred to the same documents to
show the cost of this road per mile; by which it
appeared that on one section of the road in the
State of Indiana, the co.st of one mile of it
amounted to the enormous sum of $460,000, and
the next mile was estimated to cost $211,000.
Would it, then, be contended by any gentl-man in
that House that the Federal Government was
bound under the compact to enter into such a costly
and splendid system of internal improvement as
this? He had, however, Mr. P. coniinued, said
more on this subject than he intended when he rose,
and he would therefore detain the House no
longer.
Mr. HOFFMAN then intimated an intention of
addressing the House on the subject; and, on hii
motion, The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, February 12, 1840.
Mr. YOUNG presented addit onal documents in
the case of the Mormons, which, with those hereto-
fore presented, were referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. TAPPAN presented an addifonal docu-
ment in relation to the claim of James G. Morgan;
which was referred to ih; Committee on Clairt.s.
Mr. T. alio presented the petition of Eliza A.
Mel on ; v. hich was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana ptesented the petition of
James E. Dav's, which was referted to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition of J. B.
Zander, which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. NORVELL presented a document in rela-
tion to the claim of Francis La venture; which was
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
FLORIDA TERRITORY.
Mr. WALKER presented a memorial fiom in-
habitants of the Territory of Florida, praying for
the admission of that Territory into the Union as a
sovereign Slat.?.
Mr. W. said it would be recollected that, some
time since, he had presented to the Senate a me-
morial from citizens of East Florida, praying for
a division of the Territory. He at that time
moved to lay it on the table, in the anticipation of
presenting, in a short time, a petition for the ad-
mi-sion of the Territory into the Union, with the
view that both papers might be referred to a select
committee, who would then have the whole subject
before them. In accordance with the understand-
ing at that time, he wonld now move that the me-
morial formerly presented, and the oce just sub-
mitted, should be referred to a select committee of
live members.
Mr. DAVIS said he saw no reason why this
should not take the usual course of similar memo-
rials, which had always been referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALKER said that the precedents were
as often one way as the other, and the.efore could
have no weight.
Mr. DAViS said it was a matter of no conse-
quence to bim to what committee this subject was
referred; bur, until he heard some reasons for de-
parting from that «tursa, he mos>t ««at that me
