186
——MBu.,,-,¡m■ i. ,i ni      i                   -                - ■■——.....■ .i—i— .i i    T          i.       , i. , „
reference to a standing comm ttee of this body was
the proper course.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said that it must be ap-
parent to the Senate that this quest on was not so
exclusively within the jurisdiction of the Commit-
tee on the Judie ary as pretended by the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Davis ] «The question
whether the Territory should be now admitted into
the Union, which was one branch of the inquiry, or
not, was of little consequence compared to the
question of ihe division ot the Territory, which was
deeply connected with their future prosperity and
happiness. This question of division was one of
the subjects proposed to be referred, and he thought
it was evident this was not an appropriate subject
for reference to the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SEVIER said he had but little to say on this
subject of reference; but he would tell Senators,
openly and above board, when ihe question of ad-
mission came up, he would net vole for the admis-
sion of any free State, without admitting, at the
same time, a slave State. "When Iowa came in,
EistFlonda must come in; and wUen Wisconsin
came in, another slave Stat- must come in, if they
expected to get his vote for the admission. This
was the «oune pursued ia the ca*e of Michigan
and Arkansas, and th s was the course that would
be pursued in future. It was the only course
which would preserve the balance of power, and
protect the interest of the slave Siates on this floor,
which was the r last refuge. He had no conceal-
ments on this subject, and disdained to be beating
about ihe bush.
Mr. DAVIS said he liked to see the candor of
the gentleman from Arkansas—[Mr. Sevier And
I should Ji«e to see it met by a similar sp nt ] He
wanted this subj'ct referred to a committee who
wonld consider it impartially; and from the g virgs
out, it was evident ih s would not be the case if
referred t« a select commi t e. He asked for the
yeas and nays on the question of referring to the
Ctmtmttee on the Judiciary; which were ordered.
Mr. TAPPAN sa'd he "-hculd coincide wi.h the
Senator from Massachu etts [Mr. Davi ] in the
propnety of rrfernng this subject to a standing
committee of the body, if we had a Commute on
the Territories; but he could not see tbat the Com-
mittee on the Jud'ciary had any thing more to do
with it than many other of the standing committees
—certainly not as muchas the Committee on the
Public Land^. Nor did he see so much force in
his argument that this subject would not be treated
impartially by a select committee. There were
two propositions to be referred, which were aJ.7
verse to each other, now they cou d ne t be partial
to both; so they were jastassuie of the subject fee-
ing consideie 1 impartially as if s*nt to a standing
committee. He thought a reference to a select
committee would be the proper course.
Mr. MERRICK coincided in the views ex-
prés ed by the Senator from Arkarsa*, and in so
doing, he should vote for the reference to a select
committee.
Tne question was then taken on the reference to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and decided in the
negative—ajes 13, noes 22, as follows.
AYES-----Mes rs     Clayton,    Tavis,   Knight,
Phelps, Prentiss, Rob n*on, Rurrsles Smith of
Indiana, Tallmadge, Wall, Webster, Whit", atd
Williams—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Allfn, Bentcn, B-o-vn, Clay of
Alabama, Calhoun, Crittenden, Cuihbert, Fulton,
Grundy, Henderson, Hubbard, Linn, Mernck,
Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Sevier, Siran¿e, Tap-
pan, Walker, Wright, and Young—22.
The question was then taken on referring the
memorials to a select comm ttee, and decided in the
ahVmative
The committee consists of
Mr. WALKER.
Mr. NORVELL.
Mr. DAVIS
Mr. BROWN.
Mr. SEVIER.
Mr. WEB3TER presented three memorials from
citizens of Philadelphia, praying for the imposi'ion
of a moderate duty on silks; which were referred to
the Committee on Finance.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WALL presented a memorial of similar
character; which took the «ame referenc .
Mr. KNIGHT presented the pennon of Mary
Tewgood; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions
SALT TAX   AND FISHING BOUNTIES
AND ALLOWANCES.
Mr. BENTON rose to communicate to the Senile
seveial bun lies of papers which he held in his
hands, in relation to ihe salt du'ies, and the fishing
bounties and allowances founded upon those du-
t es, and to move their reference to the Finance
Committee, which had the subject under conside-
ration, to which they related.
Mr. B. said it would be recollected by the Sena-
tors who had been long member  of this body, that
he had commenced his labors on the salt tax, and
its appurtenant burden, the fishing bounties and al-
lowances, about ten or twelve years ago; and that
he had made but very h tie progress in his labor
since that time, though ofien doing his best. Not
to de-pair of a good cause, and not to give up for
a few defeats, was one of his maxims—perhaps a
part of his nature; for he never felt himself
11 be vanquished while he felt himself to be right.
This was the case on this salt subject. Though
defeated for ten years, he did not despair; on the
co-trary, he felt stronger m the faith than ever,
and more fresh and vigorous for action now than
he did when the contest first began. His relaxa-
t on from the contest on this floor, had been cm-
plojedin preparations for renewing the contests
upon this floor, and these preparations had resulted
in the accumulation of a mass of informat on,
pait of which had been received from the Treasury
Department, and part of which had been col ected
from other sources. That which had come from
the Treasury, had alieady been referred to ihe
Financ  Committee by the order of the Sena e;
that which he had collect  d from other sources, he
now asked leave to communicate to the Senate,
and to have it referred 10 tie same committee.
Mr. B then «ent to the table four several pack-
ages of papéis, labelled as follow*
1. Thirty queues on the salt trade, and salt mi-
nnfa'ure in the West, addressed to his constituents
by Mr. Benton of Missouri, with then answers
there.o, showing the monopoly, adul eration, defi-
cient bushel, distr cted allowance, stinted quantity,
and extortionate price, of silt in Missouri, and the
necessity of the free admission of lote gn sal'.
3.  A communication from the Democratic Stale
Convention in Mi-soun; from the Hon. Mr. Mil-
ler of Missouri, from the Hon. Mr Chapman of
Iowa; from Judge K ng of Missouri, showing the
monopoly, adu'teiauon, extortionate price, and
othei abu-es in thesalt trade, and the connection of
several banks with .-aid monopoly and abu es.
3 A general statement of all the salt manufac-
tories in the United States and their products, and
colt of their salt at the ir works; wi h a particular
account of the salt works in New England, in New
York, at the Kenhawa, and on the HoNion, in Vir-
ginia, and of the import of foreign sa t at New Or-
leans
4.  Statistics of salt, showing its locah't es, dif-
fusion, abunlance, and universally, its various
for.ns, both liquid and solid, its diiTe ent qualities;
its manufactuie, its cheapne-s of first cos!, its uses
in the animal economy, in agriculture, in different
branches of rural econ my, and in the useful arts,
its vast consumption; the ttndency of inonarciical
goverm nts to tax it oppre sively, both in ancient
and in modern time->; the repugnance of the peo-
ple to the tax in all age=, its final abolition in many
countrie ; compi'ed frim Erglish, Frp ich, and
American Encyclopedias, and otier authent c
source?.
These several package", Mr B. said, in addi-
tion to the two reports frcm Mr. W jodbury, Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in obedience to calls from
ihe Senate; one in leaton to the impjrtatun of
salt from torei n coun ríes, thowmg the quantities
ímro-ted from each country, and the orgmal cos',
the other in re'ation to the fi hing bounties and ¿1
Ion anees, and the amojnt they draw from the
Treasury, and the frauds which have gronn out
of them- these four packages, and lhe*e two re
ports, contained  the mass of information which
would enable him to recommence his labor
at th,s session; aud with better hopes
of succe>s than heietofore. All that he
had to ask now was, that these packages should
be referred ta the Finance Committee; to which he
should submit the question of their importance,
and their tule to be printed in extra numbers, for
distribution among our constituents. When the pa-
pers were printed, and the time an i ved for action
upon them, he (Mr B ) would undertake to esta-
blish, upon the evidence which ihey contained,
two proposition-: First, that of the $320,000 annu-
ally, to which the fibbing bounties and allowances
now amounied, pretty nearly $300,000 of ihat sum
was illegally aad unduly drawn from the Treasury,
Second'y, that the salt tax, and its abuses, was an
annual injury to the amount of several millions
of dollars on the agriculture and rural economy of
i the West. These two propositions he expected to
establish, and, if he did so, he should expect, a* a
' con'equence, that his bill should pass—the bill
which he had renewed at the commencement of this
session—for the suppression of the salt (ax, and the
abolition of the fishing bounties and allowances
founded upon that tax.
Mr. B. then moved the reference of the papera
to the Finance Committee; and they were accor-
dingly referred.
Mr. WALL, from the Co nroit ee on Ihe Judi-
ciary, to which was referred the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of New Oi leans, praying the repeal
of the naturalization laws, reported tbat the p-ayer
of the pe ltioners ought not to be «ranted.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee oa Ihe
Public Lands, reported a bi 1 to fix the minimum
price of the public lands acquired by the Miami
treaty of Nov. 6, 1838, which was real, and or-
dered to a «econd reading.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committ e on the
Disir.ct of Columbia, reported a bill for the benefit
of the Howard Ins'itution of the city of Washing-
ton; which was read, and ordered to a second
rea ling.
Mr NORVELL, agreeably ti notice, asked anl
obtained leave to introduce a bill authoriz ng the
States to tax any lands within their limit  sold by
the United State?; which wa¡> read, and ordered to
a second r almj.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Lard Claims, to which ha I been referred the va-
rious d icumenti in relation to the claim of Franc s
Laventure, ssked to be discharged fiom the fur-
ther consideration thereof, and that they be refer-
red to the Committee on the Public Lands; which
was agreed to.
ASSUMPTION OF STATE DEBTS.
Tbe repou of the Select Committee, to which
was referred the lesolution of Mr. Benton and
the resolution of Mr. Lumpkin, on the subjec' of
the assumption of the S a'e debts by the Gem ral
Government, being the special order of the day,
was taken up.
Mr PHELPS was entitled to the floor, but being
indisposed, yelded it to
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, who addres^ei the Pé-
nate at lergth in opposition to the resolutions of the
select commttUe.
The subje.t was then informally passed over,
and
Tt e Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, February 12,1840.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the motion of Mr. Casev to re-
fer the memo íal of the National Road Conven-
non, held at Terre Haute, Indiana, to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, with instructions to re-
port a bill appropriating $150,000 to each of ihi
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, to be ex-
pended on the Cumberland road.
Mr. HOFFMAN, who was entitled lo ihe floor,
addressed the House at some length in opposit on
to the res dution. He was in favor of appropria-
tions for this road, but was oppo ed to ihe manner
in which the measure was now brought before tie
House. He a so objected to any action on the
subject until the House obtained s me ínío-mation
with regard to the views of the Executive.
