CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
'IP—<*P'I
26th Cong.........1st Skss.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 1840.
Volume 8.........No. 13.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE 81 PER SESSION.
[Continued from AV 12 ]
stijl less numerous w  re at this moment his re-
spected opponrn's in the tody. Still he had ex-
perience! pergonal kiadre s Ir^m all, as he knew
his collea ae had a'so; and shou'd they now strive
to mike all unhappy by their persmal or local col-
lision^ He would nit lead in mch a coarse, and,
if empelled to follow, it would be with reluctance
an-l regrtt.
He had never chargrd Federal'sm upen h:s
col'ejgue, nor had he charged Abolitionism upon
his party, notwithstanding their course in the last
Legislature. He was not in the habit cf chaiac'e-
rizmg men or parties by names, as epithets. He
chose to state facts, and let conclusions follow.
His colleague had referred, wiih some triumph, to
a polit'cal revolution in the State. As a fact, he
could state thu that revolution brought into office
and place a Lieutenant Governor, who was an
Abolitionist, as far as his responses to the Abolition
committee could make him one. Yet he was not
d sposed, even upon that fact, to pronounce the
whole party Abolitionists, nor would be do so. He
preferred to let acts and principles and associations
determine these point*, as he did, who were Demo-
crat* and who were Federalists. Toe truth and
the facts were his material reliance for himself and
his friends.
Mr. TALLMADGE said he would take the ex-
planaron of his colleague, as he thought the va-
riation was of no material Importance. He coin-
c'ded in the sentiment that this was not the proper
place for political explanations between himself
and colleague. His colleague, some years since,
in his usual complacent way, told him that as to
their political differences, their common constituents
would setile that question. They have settled it,
and settled it three limes over. They have pro-
ncunced their opinion of this destructive Adminis-
tration, and of the Sub-Treasury bill, which, in his
haste to get it through this body, the patriotic
zeal of the chairman of ths Committee on
Finance had impede 1 him to override the
common courte-ie; of lfg<s!aton. The per-
sonal relations of himself and his colleague had
always been of a fiitndiy na ure, and on his pan
they should contmue so; but he was not to be read
lectures to by h.s colleague, and it was not neces-
sary to remind hi.-n of tlrir personal reia'ions.
Mr. WRIGHT said he was aware of his tres-
pass upon the feelings cf the Senate i i again
throwing himself tefore it. H« rose to reply to a
single remark of his colleague, and but one; and
he did that became he was convinced, without an
explanation, that rtmark would be misunderstoí d
and misconstrued to the prejudice, as wall of his
colleague as himself.
The remark to which he alluded was, that he
had been wanting in cou'tesy in his action in rela-
tion to lb* Independent Treasury bill. If his co'-
leagus referred to courtesy to the Senate, as to-
wards those who were members of the body when
that bill was acted upon, he had to say to him
that those were points h« could not discuss wi'h
him; that the Senate, as it was at the time, and
thoss who were Senatois at the time, were his
judges as to the propriety or impropriety of his
conree apon the passage of the bill in question. If
any of those gentlemen, who were his co-actors
and bis witnesses, had charges to make against
him lor the manner in which hs duties were dis-
charged in relation to that measure, it would be
his duty, as it would his pleasure, to listen to them,
and to admit their justice or show their injustice,
as the facts might warrant; but by others he could
not be called to account for bis courtesy, or want
of it, to them.
If his colleague intended to charge want of cour-
tesy towards himself, a  he, Mr. W.was informed,
that charge had been made by friends of his col-
league at the seat of Government of their State,
it was proper that the Senate, and their common
cooititaents, should understand upon what founda-
Hon snch a charse must rest, and upon what facts
it most be sustained, if snsamed at all. To make
that explanation was his present object.
Tne bill in question finally passed the Sen\t« on
Thurslay of the week, he believed the 231 day of
January last. The order for engrossment was
madejon the Friday previ ms. By the mail which
arrived from the Nort**, on the evening of Satur-
day, the 25th of Janmry, he received from his
colleague a letter, dated at the Astor House, in the
city of New York, on the 23d day of the men h,
the very day on which the bill finally passed the
Sena'e. This letter gave him the first information
of the ill health of his colleague, and of his hav-
ing been deained by sickness, when on his way to
taire his s°a'e here. The letter contained a request
from his col'eague to himself to have the final ques-
tion upon this bill postponed, until ne could be in
his place. In a few moments after the letter reached
his hands, he learned that the same conveyance
which brought the letter to him, bronght also his
colleague to the city.
Thf se are the fact . He had spoken of da'es
fiom memory, but believed he was not mistaken.
And under this sta'e of facshe was well informed
that a friend of his colleague had reported at
Albany that this request had been made from his
colleague to him, and that he had refused the
delay asked for. He would not suspect his col-
league of having been instrumental in giving ex-
istence or circulation to the falsehood, but, without
this explanation, tho e who had heard the state-
ment, and should see the remark of h¡s co'leasue
to which he was now replying, would be likely to
connect the present charge of want of couitesy,
wi h tVs story of the letter; and to all, such his
si'ence under the charge would be considered as an
admission <*f its troth, and of its applicability to
the report referred t . To prevent that conse-
quence to his colleigoe or himself, was his present
object, and having accomplished that, he had
nothing more to say.
Mr. TALLMADGE sa;d he intended no al'o-
s'on to his letter in 'he remarks hs had made, nor
was any statement of the kind, mentioned by his
cnlleaeue, made m his (Mr. T's) authority. He
acknow'edyeJ that ihe If t'er reached Washington
the same criminsas he dil bim-elf.
Mr. HUBBARD remarked, that he wished to
.«ay a few words upon this subject, and the Senate
miil-.t re<t assured that they should b¿ but few at this
hour of the day—(4 o'clock, p. to.) He derply
regretted that this debate had so unnecessarily
arisen. He was of opinion that it was better to let
well enough alone, than further to agitate this ex-
citing question. But a debate had arisen, and had
arisen in consequence of the presenta'ion of a me-
morial to the Senate by t^e honorable Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] upon the subject of
dome-tic slavery and the slave traje; and instead
of disposing of that memorial according to the
well established practice of the Senate, an extra-
ordinary discusión had grown out of its present-
ment, which, for one, he deeply regretted. But so
it was; and he could not now permit this debate to
end, and the question to be put to rest, at this time,
without replying to some observa'ions which had
be-n made by Senators, touching the course
which some of his particular friends, and
a port on of the delegation fiom his own
State in the other House, had recently ta-
ken upon the resolution pre ented by an hono-
rable member from the State ot Maryland upon this
disturbing subject. He was satisfied with the
course which the Senate had adopted for its guid-
ance in relation to this description of memorials;
and he was wed assured that the people perfectly
well understood the necessity, propriety, and effect,
of the rule of practica' which had been adopted for
the action of this body upon Abolition petitions.
Tnat rule had, in his judgment, produced the most
happy and quieting re ults; and, for one, he would
not feel disposed, unneeessarily, to interfere there-
with.   Y/hat have been the results?   If Senators
will only consult the journals of this body, they
cannot entertain one soliiary doubt that the most
beneficial results have already been produced. Is
it not a fact that the very memcial offered this
morning is among the very few which have found
their way to this chamber during the present ses-
sion? How was it formerly? How was it before
the adoption of the rule? Not a morning, scarcely,
passed, but memorials following memorials,
asking for the abolition of slavery, were pressed
upon the consideration of the Senate.
Such, then, had been the effect most distinctly
experienced under the rule of practice already
adopted. What is the practical operation of the
rule? Are the petitions read? Are they printed?
Are they referred? No. In truth, whether they
ever find their way to the Secretary's table, is
doubted by some. The question to receive is not
directly put, but a sideway movement is made at
once to lay upon the table the motion to receive, so
as to prevent all debate, and thus ends the matter;
and it may be asked, what earthly benefit do these
memorialists now realize from sending these Abo-
lion memorials to the Senate? None. The Senate,
by their action, most emphatically say thty will not
act upon them; that these memorialists ask for a
redress of grievances which are imaginary, not
real, in no way aftecting them, and with which
they, in truth, have no concern. The Senate say
that these memorialists ask for that which it would
be dangerous to the peace, harmony, and perpetuity
of the Union, to consider. They therefore, unhesi-
tatingly, so dispone of them as in effect to
prevent all consideration and action upon them.
This is now the course of the Senate npon Aboli-
tion memorials; and, as he had before observed,
the effect had been most salutary. It had pre-
vented all agitation here upon this subject; and
agitation was what was desired, was what was
even declared to be a desirable object; and, as de-
bate and discussion could not now arise under the
rule of practice of the Sjnate, as now understood,
Abolition memoriabsts had almost entirely ceased
to press their complaints here in this branch of
Congress. He perfectly agreed with the Senator
from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay,] that there was no
diversity of opinion among the States of New
England as to the constitutional right of the slave-
hold.n; States to ma ntain their domestic institu-
tions undisturbed. The sentiment was general, if
not universal, in his section of the Union, that it
would be a flagrant usurpation of power, and a
gross vio'ation of the Constitution, to interfere
directly or indirectly with this right of property ia
the slaveholding States. Slavery there exist ;
and it is not the feeling of New England,
as far as he was advised, to take any course
which should disturb the relation subsisting between
master and slave. New England has no system of
involuntary bondage sanctioned by her laws; and
the Senator of Kentucky is right when he says that
there is no general deposition in the North to inter-
fere with the rights of property, as they exist in the
South. But he differed altogether with the Senator
as to the course which these petitions ought to take.
He differed with him entirely as to the effect pro-
duced upon the public mind by the discussion, or
by the agitation, in any form, of this question here.
Nothing, in his jutement, tended more to alarm
the fears, and to disturb the tranquillity of the
slaveholder, than debate upon these Abolition peti-
tions in either branch of Congress.
Nothing, in his judgment, tended more to give
encouragement, ani to inspire confidence among
the leidmg Northern Abolitionists themselves, than
a discussion upon their memorials. And he, anxious
for peace witWn our borders, lamented the debate which
had recen ly Uken place in the House of Repre-
sentatives upon Abolition petitions.
The debste, in his judgment, was uncalled for,
and ill-advised. It could do no good; it might pro-
dace great evil in the North, if not in the Bouttj.
The resolutions offered at the last ses ion in tne
House of Representatives, by his  mend  Mr,
