196
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
in, having their petition peremp'only denied by
Congress fcr tconl of jurisdiction after report by a
committee, raiher than demed on presentment lor
the same reason I have debated a case, Mr. Pre-
sident^ which all concur that Congress hasnopow-
tr to grant the petitioner's pray er, because the ad-
vocates of ihis extended interpretation of the right
of petition assume tSat such peculiarity of the
cass makes no difference in their view of the ques-
t on
Bat in my judgment the whole class of petitions
on t'.is subject, whether to abolish s'avery in this
District, the Territories, or the States, are equa'ly
objectionable on constitutional ground*, though,
peilnp?, for soirewhat different rea^o-s.
Property, wi h tbe right  at d incidents pertaining
to it, ongina'es in ihe arbitrary insulations of so-
ciety. Land is generally a subjec1 of proferí};
water is seldom made so, and air nevtr. Domestic
ammaL are pio,erty; wi'd beasts and birds are net
>o regarded. Governments are insti uled for the
prot'C ion and regulation of life, liberty, and pro-
petty How far life or liberty shall be protected, is
a supination in the compact of Government, indi-
ca ed by cors deration ot the benefits and necessi-
t e> of the social system. No society ever esta-
blished a Government protecting life or liberty in
their utmost possible extent. Nor was a Govern-
ment ever ««tabhshed extending equality of rights,
social or political, to all its member*. The whole
syitem of the do mes'ic re'ations, of bond service by
indenture or other mean ; the political disfran-
chisement of women, generally better, and o ten
more capac tated, than t íe master man, who con-
trol them, ate abiding illustrations o*"" this later
petition.
In the re¡u'ation of property, all Governments
resting in compact have some limits prescribed to
them. There is not, and prebsb'y there never wa«,
a Government beneath the son, possessed of the
right, as a conceded and acknowledged preroga-
tive, to take or abolish the property of tbe citizen
or subject at pleasure, and without, recompense.
Such a compact would be a political absurdity, in-
asmuch as it implies a pnncip'e destructive of a
primary ená and object for which Government is
instituted.
In our General Government, and in many of our
Sta'e Government'?, of written and fundamental
constitutions of po'itical power, such an idea is
expressly repudiated J do Dot, oí course, gainsay
the operation of the penal and taxing powers of
the Government, by which rights to property
are s°ized up, los', or forfeited, ihough toese also
are restrained. But I speak of tbe a'seition,
by Goverrm«nt, of a distinct, independent power,
which, from considerations of general or particular
benefit to the social system, it should as-
sume to taVe from th; citizen, wihout recom-
pens", 'hat which his form of Government had
entitled him to possess as property; or to abolish, by
<egisi<rtion,any species of property held by thecitiZ<*nl
and so to cancel all ngit and title oí the prupne-
lor. I believe there is not a sirgle State Govern-
ment in the Union mve ted with the power to pass
such a law. The people, in organizing their firm
of Government, may undoubtedly invest their Le-
gislature with such a power. "But I repeat my be-
lief, ihere is no evidence extant that they ever have
yet committed so gross a folly. If, by mere legis-
lan m, any cf our Governments, from motives of
municipal policy, can destroy and abolish ihe proper-
ty of the ci izen, then can they also legislate away
the hves or liberties of the citizen. L'fe, liberty, and
property, as n g irded in our Government, consti-
tute the pjht cal trinity in the faith of the Ameri-
can citizen. In their censervat ve destiny, they
are one and indivisible.
To tegulale the use of property, great and ample
powers aie conferred upon the Legislatuie.     For
such conservative purposes it is but little restricted.
A man'-, hous  may be demolished to save a city
from conflagration.    His private property may be
destroyed to prevent its giving succor to a bo.slile
army.     He may be forbidden to wear conceded
weapon , or to permit his ox or dog to roam at
large on the pubiic highway.     But suppose the
Legislature pass a law that all the cattle and horses
own  j by the citizens shall ctase to be property,
the right of ownership therein abolished, and the
anima's turned out to the enpyment of bru'e free-
dom; would such a law be valid? I answer, with-
out hes'tatioo, it would not.
Now the rule in regard to the poirer of the Legis-
!   lalwe will be the same, whether it attempts to abo-
| lish the citizen's right of property in lands, houses,
furniture, or slatts. There is no power in the Le-
gislature to abolish either.     Were such a law en-
' acted, the people, by common consen', m git de-
fer to its provisions, and forbear to contest its va-
lidity. But I advance the opinion, with much con-
fidence, that if such a law be ever passed, under
existing powers of Government, ard its va'iditv
shall b" contested by the cmzen, the Judiciary «11
pionoonce it void.
Then, how s'ands the case wrh this D strtci?
The Constitution has invested Congress with the
l poner of "exclusive legislation itt all cases whatsoever
over such District."
Now what may Congress di? Th-y may "legis-
late in all cases," but can they do what they please
in all caws, without restraint? Can Congre«?, for
Ihe capricious reasons of sccial propne'y, tdke away
by late the lands or goods of the citizen, or abolish
his right of property in enher? Can Congress, irom
considerations of promo ing public or retributive
justice, require by law that the owreis oí s'aves
shall exchange their relat.tecoad tion, and the ser-
vant, in turn, become the master? I conclude all
will admit Congre s possesses no such powers as
th * questions con'emplate.
It is reidily perceived, then, that 'he po ver
given tJ Corgress, 10 "legislate in all ctses whatso-
ever over such District," wi I not authorize it to do all
things by its legislation. There are, perhaps, few
Abolitionists so perfectly fiantic on this subject, as
to contend that the exclusive legislative powers of
Congress here w*uld authorize the passage of a
law to sell the District out at auction All wi'l
perceive the gemas and spirit of our Government
impose some lttni ation to its powers. We then
aruve at the important question, can Congress
abolish slavery in this D s'net, and dep ive tne ci-
tizen of his right and property therein, without com-
pensation.
To solve this quest on, I consider tbe Constitu-
tion ltse'f a sufficient and affirmative exposition.
Ait cle five of ihe. amendments prescribes that
"no per on shall be * * * deprived of life, li-
berty, or properly, without due process of law, nor
i shall private propeity be taken for public use,
Without just compensation."
By the first part of th s article life, liberty, and
property, are secured to the citizen on tbe same
terms; and, by the same means appointed to de-
prive bim of either, he may be deprived ol all The
second part is equally explicit and easy of compre-
hension; and both remarkable for the prompt mo-
rality they inculcate.
The Government, as representing the public in
its authority of eminent domain, may take private
property for public use, by rendering just compensa-
tion. But the Congress of the United States, in all
its omnipotence of power, cannot, by the enact-
ment of a direct law for that purpose, and without
pretence of its being for the public use, as autho-
rized by the Constitution, deprive the citizen of
either-S'ate or Distrct of his pioperty, or right of
property, to the value of a shilling, and I will add,
also, it would be the highest prerogative ot despo-
tism, were it otherwise.
As to the powers of the General Government to
regulate the use of properly <n this District, I readily
acknowledge it is possessed in the most ample ex-
tent. But its exercise would be an irresponsiVIe
and odious tyranny, if instigated and prescubeJ by
foreign influence, and enforcd by mere power on
the people of the District, again-1 the r will.
With these views, I main am that the want of
jurisdiction, the absence of adequate power to grant
a petition to abolish slavery in thisDistrct, exhib ts
our rights and duties to be'no more or less than per-
tains to us oa petitions to abolish slavery in the
States.
I have no object cr intention to derogate from
the right of petition, and would not, here or else-
where, abridge that right in a single hair's breadth,
in its legitimate exercise.   It iumish.es a conve-
nient means to the minority, essentially useful and
proper, by wh-ch lo urge their complaints, and ask
n dress oí such grievances as the measuits of the
majority may inflict upon them. But I contend
the right of petition can nevtr confer up ji us any
dominion whatever over subjects not de'egated in
the Constitution. It cannot require of ns, whose
powers and duties are circutnfcnbed and appoioted
by the Constitution, that fe shall be invoked, or
rather goaded to action, and required to attempt,
and partially pri gress, to ¿o that which we are for-
bidden to do, in jjrder t/vindicate an exagge ated
extension of a r,g\t, pe/verted into wrong, insult,
and aggression.   |      J
It is not to be q'jestiflned but t' e right of petition
isconvemrnt in it| aj/propnate functions, and va-
luable in its degree;/ud, in my apprehension, it is
no depreciation of jhat right to siy, th?t so far as
indicated in the CoAstitntion of the Unit d Slate , it
does not challenge the ex'ravagant eulogies be-
stowed upon it here. The right, as there mcorpo-
ra'eJ, breathes a distrust winch might not be ím-
1 properly entertained against a despotism, but cr-
| tatnly dots not evince the highest pretensions of a
' free people, who claim the right to make and un-
! make their form of government at pleasure.
I Few, I presume, would distinguish it as the most
favorite feature in the Constitu'ion of a fne, wise,
and just Governmsnt ol the people's choice. It
might be rejai 'ed as a tiophy of some p ide and
boast where au oppressed people had wres'ed it
from tbe stron?grasp of the tsrmt It was well spo
ken by the h< norable Senator f om S^uth Caro ina,
[Mr.CjLH0UN,J (hat ihv ballot box,Yi Inch, in o ir D~-
mocra'ic system if Giverume t, commando the
will of the majon'y to be ex^cut^d m all our le-
gislation, (within the ru'es piesonbed by ti e or-
ganic law,) is a main substitute for the r ght of pe-
tition in arbitrary Governments, and I will add,
of much higher and prouder pretensions. In our
system the right of pet tion is the most limited of
popular and political ngh s.
The specification of such a right, in our power
of Government, implies in one view an apprchen-
sion of wrong to the citizen, superinducing a ne-
cessity to sue for as a favor, that which the people
in this Government may demand as a right. In
the other aspect it implies the stdl humbler privi-
lege of soliciting that wh'ch it may be generous to.
bestow, anl yet not unjust ti withhold.
It our Government was that of the few, which
oppre sid the many, and when the people assem-
bled to petition lor redre s oí grievances, ihe
minions of power, backed by the military, read the
r.ot act, or ihe tyrant's proclamation, and then
dispeised the multi.ude, under such circumstances
it might be highly prized ats a grpat and giacious
privilege to approach the throne of a master
through the obsequious medium of petition. But I
trust it shall prove a vain effort of the Abolitionists
to magnify the right of petition here, into such con-
secrated importance as to profit them much in aid
of their sediuou  caus . They cannot dignify this
right by claiming for it such profound cons dera-
tion, but a the correspondent expense of debasin*
the American people to a more servile conditon
than eveiy principle of their Government entitles
them to occupy. To hold it up here as a test of
the people's freedom, the conservative principle of
their libertes, the de< p foundation on which their
Government re^ts, and that all is at stake in the rejec-
tion of their petitions, is truly Wirking up an ocean
tempest
* * * ' to drown a fly."
The condition of the American pe¡ pie is happily
more e'ev&ted, their means of political preserva-
tion more enlarg d, than this portentous clamor
would report them. It is a false alarm, and will
not take, that the liberties of the people are held by
so frail a tenure as the r ght of petition.
But I am not tenacious ihit such petitions as
now presented should be refused admission, rather
than nai'ed to your table, so soon ss rece ved upon
it. As a question of right, I would certainly prefer
that such petitions should not be received m'o this
chamber at all. I would prerer it, also, from a
sense of due and becoming respect to those States
whose sovereignties and reserved rights these peti-
I  ttons most wrongfully and rudely assail.
