CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                               197
With respect to the propriety and policy of re-
ferring these petition?, and reporting on their me-
rits, with the view of conciliating the petitioners, I
shall say but little more than ¡o declare my uncom-
promising aversion to snch a course. .Not that I
should apprehend, from the piesent organization of
the Senate, a report tending, in any material degree,
to excite apprehensions, or endanger our rights in
the Sooth. I am well assured no snch report would
at this time be marie. But it is sufficient for me to
repeat, that as I rerily believe Congress has no
rightful jurisdiction of the subject, I shauld regard
any report that could be mai'.e as a trinmph yielded
10 the officious importunities of the petitioners, and
herce a criminal usurpa'ion of power against the
sovereignty of the States interested. Nor do I be-
here that any report which would i~e made here,
would allay that obrrusive spirit of the petitioners.
Ii is the Moloch spirit of religious and political fa-
naticism; and when has scber reason and simple
justice ever met such adversaries with succe-s?
To the honest and misguided of our Northern
brethren who may have conceived their right of
petition at kazard in this contest, we will say to
them, in hope and confidence, that their full and
impartial investigation of this question must result
in our justification. 'I he question of jurisdiction,
in every tribunal on earth, is a previous question,
rightfully made at the threshold; and no court, that
maintains a decent lespect for its own characer
and the rights of suitors, will betray itself by a
judgment on the merits of the controversy, when
not possejsed of competent jurisdiction over the
subject and the parties. Now the right of legal
redress for injuries to person and property, and the
pledge of power that the courts shall be kept open
for the administratk n of such redress to all,
are familiar pledges m most of the Consti-
tutions of the State Governments. Supp<ss the
citizen mistakes his forum, and seeks redress in
one court, that can only be awarded to him in aco-
ther: the court object to adjudge the merits of his
case, because impotent to grant redress. But the
suitor persists that his right of suit is guarantied to
him by the Cons itution, and that this right is arbi-
trarily nullified and rendered valueless, unless he
can obtain a hearing and judgment oa the merits of
his cause. The answer which the court must ne-
ctssarily give to such importunity is: "Your right
of suit, as abstract from our duties to adjudge, we
do not contest; but such right on your part does
not confer on us a jurisdiction to decide your case.
We take no cognizance tf the matter, nct from
disrespect to the suitor, but for want >t proper au-
thority to retain and adjudge the su't. Go hence,
to tl.at tribunal which has the power to grant what
you petition for."
So would reason/necessity, and the philosophy
of its pritciples, dispose of such a question.
Those who seek only in sincerity to vindicate
the right of petiton in tbi&contioversy, I permit
myself to indulge the belief, will concur in thsse
common tense views of the subject. But to those
who have determined to busy themselves with tliat
which concerns them not, and who discard the
dictates of common sense, the evidence of truth,
and the l'ghts of reason, lo grasp at conclusions in a
sheer spirit of wilfulness; those who reject facts
to theorize in abstraction?, who tuWsmute the
bigot's morality for municipal law; who trample,
• without show of decency or remtr^e, upon all the
plighted fai h and sacred compacts of our Union,
and shout in justification the hypccriiWl pretext
of the right of pstition, to such we know our
rights and reasoning are urged alike in vain. No
conciliation can be hoped for with them, but on
terms ot concession that can never be submitted
to, till that despotic usu pation which has un-
furled its banner here in these petitions, shall ex-
tort them at Philippi.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the motion to
receive the petition was laid on the table.
Mr. C. also presented a memorial of Kirk
Brown, and others, praying for the imposition of
a duty on silks; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
On motion,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursdiy, February 13, 1840.
On motion of Mr. SERGEANT, a communica-
tion from Samuel Hazard, enclosing a copy of th
Commercial and Statistical Reg'ster of the United
States, was referred to the Committee on the Li-
brary.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the motion of Mr. Casey to re-
fer the memorial of the National Road Conven-
tion, held at Terre Haute, Indiana, to the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, with instructions to re-
port a bill appropriating $150,000 to each of the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, to be ex-
pended on the Cumberland road.
Mr. RUSSELL remarked that it wa« known to
the House that the committees had not been af-
forded an opportunity, at the present session, to
make reports. He hoped the House would there-
fore agree to a suspension of the rules, for the pur-
poss indicated; and, with the consent of the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, [Mr. Pickens,] he
made the motion that the rules be suspended to
enable him to introduce a proposition to receive re-
ports from the committees, on to-morrow, till the
hour of one o'clock.
Mr. PICKENS had no objection  to yield the
•floor for the purposs.
Mr. RUSSELL'S motions—to suspend the rules,
and to set aoart one hour on to-morrow for the re-
ception of reports—were then agreed to.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON suggested to the House
the propriety of referring the many bills on the
Speaker's table to the various committees; but,
objection was made.
Mr. DROMGOOLE begged ihe gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Pickens] to yield the floor to
him to make a motion to refer the President's annual
message to the Committe of the Whole. It struck
him that there was great impropriety in/referring par-
ticular d cumen's. accompanying the message, to
the committee--, and not to refer the message itself.
Hethcnaht it was due to the character of the mem-
bers, and due to the country, that it should be ta-
ken from the table and referred, that the House
might, when it thought proper, go into committee
on it.
Mr. PICKENS was willing to yield the floor;
bnt objection was made to the motion, and it was
not pressed.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi.by permission,
gave notice that he would on to-mtrrow ask leave
to introduce bills of the following titles:
A bill to regula'e the fees of the clerks and mar-
shals in the District Court of the Southern District
of Mississippi; and
A bill further to provide for the adjustment of
the claims to reservations of land under the four-
teenth article of the Choctaw treaty, made at Dan-
cing Rabbit Creek, in the year 1830.
Mr. PICKENS then proceeded to discuss the
question before the Honse. He made a strong
argument against the expediency and constitution-
ality of appropriating moneys from the National
Treasury to objects of internal improvements in
the States. He replied to the arguments of Mr.
Mason of Ohio, and Mr. Howard of Indiana, that
the National Government was bound by contract
to complete the Cumberland road, and contended
that the compact had been complied with to its
fullest extent, and showed to the House that seve-
ral millions more had been appropriated to that
object than the means which formed the basis of
the contract justified.
Mr. P. after concluding his remarks on the pro-
position bef.re the House, which he opposed as
being unprecedented and unparliamentary, and be-
cause it was improper to bind the committee to do
a certain thing without allowing them the privi-
lege of examining into its expediency and proprie-
ty, moved the following amendment as a substitute
for it:
"And that the memorial be committed to the
Committee of Ways and Means, with instruct ons
to consider the expediency of reporting a bill in
favor of the measure."
Mr. PROFFIT then obtained the floor, not with
a view, he said, of discussing the merits of the
Cumberland road, but to hold up the present Ad-
ministration to the censure of the people. He was
in favor of the amendment of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Caset,] and opposed to the substi-
tute of Mr. Pickens, because, he' said, it
evaded the question; and if referred to th<*.
committee in that form, it would never be re-
ported upon. He had understood already that
the Committee of Ways and Means would not
report a bill without having before it estimates.
He justified the committee in that course on the
ground that they ware bound to consult the report
of the proper Department. He censured the Depart-
ment of the Treasury for omitting the Cumberland
road in the estimates, and contended that it was
done intentionally. Mr. P. then denounced all the
land schemes, or propositions to graduate and re-
doce the prices of land, as humbugs to deceive the
people in the West; and commen'ed on the mes-
sage of the President recommending a reduciion as
a part of the same sy.^tem of deception; and said
he had he?rd, at every cross road in Indiana, the
same arguments preached nine hundred and ninety-
nine times over a barrel of hard cider. Mr. P.
then censured and denounced the Administration
for the manner in which the Florida war had
been conducted, and made some humorous
remarks io characterizing the officers "which had
returned from that war, as dandies. He then en-
tered at large into a discussion of the State politics
of Indiana, in the course of which he alluded to his
colleague, [Mr. Wick,] and charged him with having
denounced the Whigs as Federalists, a party to
which that gentleman, he said, had but recently be-
longed; having been one of the electors for Presi-
dent in favor of Mr. Clay, and having always
acted with the Whigs.
Mr. WICK denied that he had ever been a
Whig since the Federal party had assumed that
cognomen. He was understood to say that he had
never acted with this new-born Whig patty, which
was now made up with the fag ends of ail parties
and all principles. He was born and reared a
Democrat, and had always followed in the foot-
steps of those who had acted upon the great prin-
ciples upon which that parly are united. It was
true he had been an elector in favor of Mr. Clat;
bat s'nee that time that gentleman had repudiated
his old Democratic principle;, and a melancholy
change had been effected in his opinions. He was,
however, conscious (even if he was in the wrong)
that he was now right, and that he should re-
main so.
Mr. PROFFIT then resumed bis remarks, and
continued in the same strain of denunciation. He
then examined into the claims of General Harri-
son for the Presidency; and having eulogized his
military exploits at Tippecanoe, the Thames, Fort
Meigs> and the river Raisin, he concluded by say-
ing that his advancement to the Presidential chair
cou'd not add one laurel lo his brow, bat m'ght do
him an act of justice.
Mr. MARVIN rose, rot for the purpose of
making a speech, bnt to cfler a substitute for that
of Mr. Pjckeks, and as an amendment for the
original proposition. His amendment contem-
plated that the Committee of Ways and Means
should discharge a dnty which it had done at every
previous session of Congress. Until the last ses-
sion, it had been in the habit of reporting bills for
the Cumberland road, and for constructing harbors
and building light-houses; but it had refused at that
time to take the responsibility; and if it be left to
them at this time, as a mere question of expediency
or propriety, the House would never hear of the
matter again. The committee was so constructed,
that it would control the subject, and entirely keep
it from before the House. He was not to
be alarmed by the assertion that it was not
in accordance with parliamentary practice to bind
a committee of the Honse to carry out its views-
If the House was in favor of any particular mea-
sure, it was right and proper to instruct or compel
its committees to report such a bill as would
best promote its wishes. But he contended that the
committee had just as much jurisdiction over this
subject now as it had at any past time-
that it had
the estimatesof the Topographical bureau, which
bad been referred to it, and eught to be compiled,
by instruction, to aot upon those estimates.   Me
