lite
believed it mere «han idle 10 pnss upon auy propo-  I
s tion simpiv '« ask •he committee to inquire into |
the prepTte y of reporting an appropriation for this
load.  Mr. M. after arguing for some time in reply
10 Mr Pick n , contended that it was perfectly
constitutional for the Q neral Government to car-
ry on works of m'ernal «nprov  meat and  to con
street harbors on the lakes, and concluded by offer-
ing his proportion as follows, as an amendment to
tbeopginat proposition:
'Ami that the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to repon bills in accordance with the
ritima'es contained in the report* from the Chief
Engineer and the Chief of the Topographical En-
gineers, to the Secretary of War, and communi-
cated to Cangress by the Presiden', making appro-
priations for the year 1840, for the continuation of
in* construction or improvements of harbors and
roadv, and the navigation of rivers, for which ap-
propriations have been heretofore made."
Mr. BARNARD then obtained the floor, and
proposed the following, which he prevailed on the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Marvin] to ac-
cept as a modification of his amendment, to follow
at the end of the same, viz:
"Unless, in any particular case, the rommit'ee
should be of opinion that the particular work-ought
to be entirely discontinued; and in such case, if
any, the committee >hall submit to tbi> House the
reason whit h lead losuchjconclusions.
Mr. B. was anxi1 us 10 <-r eak on the subject,
and moved tie House would adjourn; but with-
drew it at the suggestion of
Mr. BLACK, irom the Select Committee on
Printing, who reported a resolution lo eitend the
time lo thai committee lo investigate the subject,
and to prepare its report.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS inquired why the commit-
tee dfci not áx a day on which to report,
Mr. BLACK said the time had now expired en
which the committee was to have made a report;
and u was impossible to fix a day, as it had much
business yet to attend to.
Mr. I . WILLIAMS then proposed fb amend
the resolution by inserting the 1st of March; and,
after some conversation between Messrs.  BELL,
BLACK, and B. GARLAND, as to bow far the
extension of time would affect ihe conditional con-
tract with the Printer, the amendment was adopted,
^and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. HAND then  presented seveial petitions,
which were referred; after which,
On Motion of Mr. BARNARD,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Fbjdat, February 14, 1840.                     ,
Mr. PIERCE presented the memorial of Samuel
E. Cones, and one hundred and fifty-nine other ci- ,
tizeos of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, upon the '
subject of a Congress of Nations.   Mr. P. said
that most of the signers were known lo him, either
personally or by reputation.   Tney were engaged  I
in the various pursuits of life, and it was but just  |
to say of them, that ibey were gentlemen of great   '
intelligence, respectability,and high moral wor.h.  '{
They introduce the subject (which is trea'ed nth  I,
clearness and ability) by the declaration that "it
is a growing sentiment among men, of all classes ||
and professions, that international war is as need-   I!
less as it is confessed to be ruinous to the resources |,
and   morals of  a people;"   and as   "the most tl
fruitful causes of war (in their estimation) flow
from the unsettled state of international law," they
present the project of a Congress of Nations, with  >
a view to the double object of the amicable adjust-
ment of national disputes, and the more definite
one of the establishment of a code of international
law.   Although Mr. P. did not concur in all the
views expressed by the   memorialists, he enteu
tained   for their opinions a high respect,   and
moved the printing of tie memorial, and its refer-
ence lo ihe Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented fourteen memo-
rials from citizens of the United States, severally
remonstrating against the use of bloodhounds in
prosecuting toe war against Ihe Seminole Indians;
which weie referred to the Committee on Military
Affair*.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. WALKER presented the pen ion of Ed-
ward C. Hyde, praying to be allowed to enter a
quantity of land at the minimum price, in lieu of a
like quantity purchased and paid for by him, and
afterwards sold by the United Sates; which was
referred to the Committee on the Pub'ic Lands.        ¡
Mr. WRIGHT prejented three memorials from
citizens of the State of New York, praying the pas-
sage of a general bankrupt law;'which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a petition of a
number of citizens of Philade'phia county, praying
a repeal of all laws that conflict with the Constitu-
tion of the United States; the motion to receive
which was,
On motion of Mr. FULTON, ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of a number
of citizens of Pennsylvania, relative to the abolition
of the foreign slave trade; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BUCHANAN said that he rose to present
a petition s'gned by six hundred and twenty-seven
citizens of the cay and county of Philadelphia,
"manufacturers of, and employed in the manu-
facture of, umbrellas and parasols."
These petitioner-, state that,under the twenty-first
clause of the second section of the tariff act of
July, 1832, a duty of twenty-five per ctnlnm ad
valorem was imposed on the impoitat on of ''um-
brellas and parasols, of whatever material-* made."
That th s duty continued to be collected from the
time that act went ír.ta operation, nn'il the monh
of March last; when, under a new construction of
ihe compromiie act of March, 1833, silk uuibiellas
and panuols have been admitted free fiom any
duty whatever.
The mernoi alisls, therefore, ask Congtess to pass
an explanatory act imposing the same duties on
Mlk umbrellas and parasols which were raid, un-
der the acts of July, 1832, and March, 1833, until
the month of March, 1839. They conclude by
declar.ng that upon the aition of Congress "de-
pends thiv support of the many thousands who are
engaged in the hitherto growing branch of domes-
tic industry, which has amountel u millions of
dollars per annum, but if admitted free from duty,
umbrellas and paraso's must cea¿e to be of Ame-
rican manu- facture."
Mr. B. said that if the Senate were a proper fo-
rum in which to debate or decide judicial questions
arising under oar own laws, he thought he could
convince the body that the first constrution of the
compromise act, which had prevailed for six years,
was corree", and that the late construction was not
warranted by ihe spirit of that law.
In what condition had this recent construction
placed our umbrella manufacturers? AH the arti-
cles entering into the manufacture of umbrellas,
such as whalebone, brass, and iron, now paid a con-
siderable duty. To Ihe extent of this duty, the fo- ;
reign manufacturer enjoyed a premium over the do- |
mestic manufacturer; because the umbrellas of the
former were imported altogether free of duty. He
did not believe that any Senator who voted for the
compromise bill, would say that he intended this
aat should receive any such construction, or pro-
duce any such effect.
Mr. B. trusted that the Committee on Finance
would determine that a revenue duty of twenty per
cent, should be imposed on the importation of fo-
reign silks, and this would relieve the petitioners.
Or, if this should not be the case, that they would
report an explana'ory bill, placing the umbrella
manufactutcrs in the sime portion they had occu-
pied^for ihe six years previous to March, 1839.
The memorials weie then referred lo the Com-
mittee on Fii.ance, and ordered to be printed, with
the accompanying document from Samuel Wright
and William A.Drown, the Committee of Umbrella ¡
Manufacturer?.                                                         ¡
Mr. YOUNG presented a report, addressed to the
Right Hon. Charles Poulett Thompson, President
of the Board of Trade in Gr«at Britain, on the sub-
jest of an inquiry into the number of accidents on
board of vessels propelled by steam, the causes
leading to such accidents, and the best mode of
prevention; containing much valuable information,
drawn from the experience of that country, as well
as the countries of France, Belgium, and Holland;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.                                      .   L                • ,    r
Mr. SOUTHARD presen'ed the memorial of
John Hancock and others, praying the increane oí
a duty on foreitn silks; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. S. also presented the memorial of a number
of citizens of New Jeisey, remonstrating against
the use of bloodhounds in the Florida war; which
wa> referred lo Ihe Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. FULTON presented ihe memorial of a com-
mittee of the Polish exiles, prayiag the passage of
an act to authorize the immediate occupation and
settlement, on their part, of the lands heretofore ap-
propriated by Congress tor their use; which was
referred to the Committee on the Publ c Lands.
Mr. NICHOLAS prsscned the petition of J. B.
Plauche, praying to be allowed to locate on any
utiappropna'ed public land in the Sta'e of Louisi-
ana, the amount of a Spanish concession made to
his father in the year 1789, but rejected by the
commissioner of the land office west of Pearl ri-
ver; which was referred to the Committee en Pri-
vate Land Cla;mi.
Mi. BENTON, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was refeired certain dor.umen's con-
nected with the silt duty, reponed them back to the
Senate, with a motion iliat they re pnnted.
On thisinetion a debate ensued, which tonka
wide and discursive ranee, in which Messrs. BEN-
TON, TAPPAN. DAVIS, CUY of Kentucky,
PRESTOX, ALLEN, WEBSTER, WRIGHT,
' and CALHOUN, pancipateJ; when, without
taking a queslii n,
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the Senate ad-
juurned till Monday neit.
HOUSE OF REPREESNTATIVES,
Friday, Februaty 14,1840.
i      The SPEAKER announced that the first ihing
jr in order was the presentation of reports from the
,   committees
,,      Mr. RIVES asked the consent of the House  to
i    permit him to oiler a resolution to have all Ihe pa-
!    pers and testimony now before the Committee of
Elections in relation to   the New Jersey disputed
election, priced for th** information of the House.
Mr. STANLY and others objected.
Mr. RIVES moved to suspend the rules for that
purpose.
Mr. WISE begged his colleague [Mr. Rives]
not to press his motion at this time. His colleague
[Mr. Boris,] who was on that committee, and
who was now absent, (anticipating that such a
im tion could be made,) had requested him, if it
were made, to endeavor to prevail upon the mover
not to insist. He would,, oppose it if he were
t   present.
Mr. RIVES was understood to say it would af-
ford him pleasure to do to, but he could not
consent, consiste ntly with a sense of duty. The pa-
pers were voluminous, and if they were ordered to
be printed now, it would afford members an oppor-
tunity to form correct views of the merits of the
question, and enable tbem to vote understanding^
when they were required to vote.
Mr. RANDOLPH inquired of the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Rives,] if such a resolution
bad not been befere the committee, and rejected by
a majority of it.
Mr. RIVES said he believed «uch was the fact;
and it was for that reason that he had brought the
subject before the House.
Mr. RANDOLPH moved a call of the House;
which was refused.
Mr. CAMPBELL (chairman of the Committee
of Elections) said he was perfectly aware that
there cruld be no debate on this question; but,
from what he could see of the temper of the House,
he presumed the ru'es would not bs suspended,
and therefore he would be much gratifird if he
could be permitted to make a f<w remarks. He
knew that he could not do so without permission of
the House.
Several nvmbers objecting to Mr. Campbell's
proceeding, the question was taken, and r suited
—yeas 85, nays 1$, equivalent to a decision m the
