CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                             901
Indiana, and Illinois, to be expended on the Cum-
berland road.
The substitute of Mr. Pickens for said instruc-
tions, as fallows:
"Ana that the memorial be ccmmiUed to the
Commute* of Ways and Means, with instructions
to consider the expediency of reporting a bill in fa-
vor of the measure "
And Mr. Marvin's amendment to the ong nal
proposition and substitute for Mr. Pickens's amend-
ment, as follows:
"And that the Ci mmittee of Ways and Means
be instructed to report ¿bills in accordance with
tbe estimates contained in the reports from the
Chief Engineer, and the Chief of tne Topographi-
cal Engineers, to the Secre ary of War, and com-
wvui cated to Congress by the President, making
appropriations for tne >ear 1840, tor the continua-
tion of the construction or improvements ot har-
bors and roads and the navigation ot rivers, for
which appropriations bave been heretofore made.
Mr. bERGEANT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which had bten referred the bill
amendatory to tbe act for the taking of the sixth
censas or enumeration of the whab.tanu of the
United States, asked the permisión of Mr Gcode
of Ono, who was entitled to tbe floor en the que^-
t'oo announced as the order of fh" day, to give
way, 10 enable h m to report said bil1. Mr. S said
it would net take t- n minutes to pass the bill, as he
presumed there wiuld not be any debate on it.
The marshals were all waiting for copies of some
act similar to th>s, before they could proceed in
their duties. He hoped the House would tee the
importance of acting upon it immediately.
Mr. CUSHING intimated that he had some
amendments which he intended to offer, and which
he had no doubt would cause debate.
Mr. SERGEANT was proceeding to show that
the bill did not want any amendment, but was in-
terrupted by
Mr. GOODE, who could cot yield the floor, as
he believed the bi 1 would lead to deba'e. He
went on to reply to that part of the rent arks of Mr.
Crarv, of Mich gan, in which that gent'eman had
gone into an examination of the conduc of Gen.
Harrison, in h s various military campaigns, and
disapproved of his management of some of them,
and particularly the battle of Tippacanoe, which
had been previously eulogized by Mr. Pboffit, of
Indiana.
Mr. G. was sorry the subject bad been miro- !
duced into the d s:ussion on this bil1; and, notwith-
s'andmg he seldom spoke, he could not refrain '
from •' ing so, in consequence of the course the de-
bate had taken.   He denied that the Indians had |
chosen the ground for General Harnscn on which
that battle was fought, and contended that he was
not surprised by the Indians at that lime, but was   !
ib the act of putting on ms boo's before the attack
was made, and was on his hone in a few minutes ¡
after the first gun was fired.   Thai battle was i
fought with much fury and great dexterity, and
notwiistanding, as had been charged, the best blood
of Kentucky had been freely shed on that occasion,
it was not attributable to tbe want of military skill '
by General   Hani<on, or to his   bad   manage- I
menu      He   then   endeavored   to   ¿how,  from
documents  in   hand,  that the  force  of the In-
dians in  that battle was net so much fess than
the forces of the General, as had been stated by the
gentleman from Michigan,  [Mr.  Chart ]     He
went into an exammat on at great leng'h of va
noiu document , to show that General Harrison
was entitled to great praise for h's military ex-
ploits.   Mr. G. then went in o a history of the
Cumberland read, and sa'd it was identified with
the policy of the Government, and estimates had
been regularly made for its prosecution, and had |
received the sanction of the Government under
every Administration, from and including ihat of
u TT'uml th" 3e:ir-   He thea ar&ued ,hat
the faith of ihe Government wa« p'edgrd to the
completion of the worlf, and tha- il an appropri-
ation be not now made, great loss wul accrue to
the Government m «ate of rmterals already
purchased, and dilap.datton of bridges htll finished.
The committee wag not auihonzed lo bring in a
bill, became no estimate  were before it, and the
friend  of the woik were compelled to take some
step to get tbe subject under the jurisdiction of tbe
committee. He thought there could be no fairer
way to do so than to instruct it to report a bill. I!
the emptiness of the Treasury was the reason why
it had not been included in the estimates by the
Departments, he thought it due to the House and
the country that the President should have in-
formed them of that fact. He went on lo show
that the Cumberland road had received the fos'er-
ing care of the Government when the Treasury
was in a more exhaus'ed condit.on than it now is,
and when a heavy debt was hanging over the na-
tion. He believed the Prewdeni had evaded the
question intentionally, and that any effort to cut the
Government loose from this road, would be tan a-
mount lo the separation of the Government ir.m
the interests of the people.
After Mr. GOODE had cincluded,
Mr. CORWIN rose and obtained the floor, but
gave way, at the request of Mr. JONES of Vugi-
nia, chairman ot the Committee of Ways and
Means; when
The following message from the President of the
United States was read:
To the Howe of Representatives of the United States:
I lay before you a communication from the Se-
cretary tf War, accompanied by a repon of the
Commissioner c f Pe-isim*, showing the great im-
perial ce of early action upon the bill from the Se-
nate, piov.dmg for ihe continuance of the office of
Commissioner of Pensions. The present law v- 11
expire by its own limitation on the fouith day of
the next month, and sensible ot the mffeung which
would be exper.eneed by the pensioners by its sus-
pension, I have deemed it my duty to brng the
subject to yonr notice, and invi e vonr early atten-
tion to it.                             M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, Feb. 14, 1840.
Mr. JONES of Virginia then observed that th re
was a bill lying on the Clerk's table to cont nne
the office of Commissioner of Pensions till tbe year
1843; and he moved thai this bill be taken up, m
order to make it the order of the day for Tuesday
next; which motion being earned,
The bill to continue the office of Commissioner
of Pensions, and to transfer to that office, from the
Navy Depar ment, the bus ness of navy pennon',
was taken up and read the fir¿t and secend times;
when
Mr. JONES moved to refer it to the Committee
of the Whole House, and make it th* order of the
day for Tuesday next. This motion being object-
ed to as out of order, Mr. JONES gave notice that
he would move lo call up tnis bill on Tuesday
next.
Mr. CORWIN having replied at some length to
Mr. Chart, and in vindicat.on of the military ski'l
of General Harrison, before concluding, yielded
the floor to
Mr. BELL,on whose mouon, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Mondat, February 17, 1840
The CHAIR presented a messaee from the Pre-
sident of the Uni ed States in repard to Ihe neces-
sity of an early provision by ¡aw lor ihe pro ection
of the Treasury against the fluctuations and con-
tingenc es to which its receipt  are exposed, which
was referred to the Coaim.t ee on F.nance, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BETTS presented the pf ti ion of Stephen
Dunham, praying an wrease of pens.on referred
to the Commit'ee on Tensions
Mr. TALLV ADGE pressed a memorial of a
number t f cuiz-rs of New Y( r¡í, praying the pas-
sago of a general bankrupt law, which was refer-
red to the Committee on ihe Judiciary.
Also, a peti ion of ci'iznis of New York, praying
Congress to abo ish impri onmtni for debt through
out the Unit d States, so far as th^y bave the con-
stitutional power; which was referred to th  Com-
mittee on tne Jud c ary.
Also, the petition of the widow of John Nestor,
for a peision; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions
Also, the peti ion of cit zens of Oneida county,
New York, praying that the use of spintoos Uqucrs
1
may be prohibited in the army and navy of the
Um'ei St ites, which was laid on the table.
Also, two petitions for the aboUtion of slavery
the n otion to receive wh ch, was,
On nio'ion of Mr. EROWN, laid on the table.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the memorial of the
h irs of Thomas Dtlano, which was relerred to the
Committee on Fore.gn Relations.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the petition
of a number of citizens of Maine, for a Congress of
Nauons, which was referred to the Committee on
Fi rs'gn Relations.
Also, a memorial of Joseph Pernell for an addi-
tional duty on imported silks; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Al o, documents relating to the claim of Wil-
liam Co'ey for a p nsion, which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. YOUNG presented the memorial of the
Mayor and Common Council of the city of Ch.-
capo, praying for an appropriation of land for the
construction of a barrier to protect the city from
inundation; wh ch was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. YOUNG also presented a preamble and re-
solution passed by the General Assembly of Illinois,
instructing the Senators and requesting the Repre-
sentatives ( f the sa>d State in Congress to use their
| exer ions to procure the passage of an act granting
i to ihat State, for i ub ic improvements, each alter-
nate "ection on the different railroad routes in Illi-
I i.o s, or the whole of thf unsold public lands lying
within her limns, on condition that one-third the
proceeds of the salí s thereof should be paid to the
General Government, which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEBSTER presented the memorial of
A'exandre Vattemare, propi sing a plan for the in-
terchange of duplica'e^ of books and specimens
of natural history and the fine ar's, between the
Governments and other i  stitutions of tbe civilized
world, and recommending its adoption to Ihe con-
sideration of d ngress, which was referred to the*
Joint Committee on ihe Library.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented to the Se-
nate the first volume of Hazard's Unued States
Commercial and Statistical Reg ster, published at
Philadelphia, together with a letter from the Ed lor,
"suggesung whether it may not be a proper object
for the patronage of Congress, and be a convenient
wo k of reft rerce and information tobe attached
to the offices of our foieign Mini ters and Coc-
sul> "
Mr. BUCHANAN -aJ, that from the slight ex-
aroirat on he had made of h^s work, he believed it
contitned much valuable commeicial and statisti-
cal information, which we ought all to possess;
but which none of us would be willing to incur the
labor of collecting k r ourselvc. He commended
it, therefore, to the consideration of the Committee
on the Library.
The Register and the letter of Mr. Hazard were
then referred to the Comm tiee on tbe Library.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented two memorials of
ciii^em of the Un'ted|State-, praying for the im-
position oí a auty on foreign silk-; which were re-
ferred to the Ccrrmittee on Finance.
Mr. B. also presented twenty memorials, remon-
strating against the use of bloodhounds in the Flo-
ada war, which were referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr B a so presented two memorials for the
Abol tion of slavery; the motions to receive which,
weie,
On mouon of Mr. FULTON, lail on the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented a memorial from citizens
of Boston, reccmmtnding to the favorable cooside-
rat on oí Cor>gres> tae memorial oí Hall J. Kelly,
on the subjtct of a colony in the Oregon Tem-
tory; which was reftired to the Select Commit'ee
on the Oregon Territory.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the petition of
the heirs of R chard K Meade; which was referred
to ihe Committee en Revolutionary C'aims.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of citizens
of New York, p jay ing the passage of a bankrupt
Jaw, which was referred to the Committee oa th 
Judiciary.
Mr. W. alio presented tht memorial of natura-
