CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
Mr. CLAY. The Senator from South Carolina
has been pleased to say that he has no confidence
in me. Sir, I reciprocate it wiih all my heart, and
go a step further, and say I have no confidence
in the Senator, whether in the past, present, or fu-
ture. [Mr. Calhoun. I said in your results.]
Well, 1 apply it to the views of the Senator. In-
stead of asserting what he will do, and in a bold
and rapid manner drawing his own remits from
his own facts, and saying, "I defy the Senator to
show," &c. let us discuss ihe subject before an im-
partial tribunal, the people. That was the true way
to procetd to trial. The Senator's description of his
own arguments was qui'e equal to his opinion of
his own powers; but (said Mr. C ) let us meet at
Philippi, or any where else, on this subject, and I
will pledge myse'f to show it is ore of the most
wan'on, wasteful, and extravagant measures that
ever emanated from any public man.
Mr. CALHOUN. It would seem to be the ob-
ject of the Senator to get up an excitement on every
subject with which he was connected. He had
n>en to correct the erroneous statement of the
resolutions, in reference to a measure with which
be was connected. This he had done in the lean
offensive language he could command, that did
any thing like justice to himself. The Senator
thought prop°r to interfere, and, as usual, to give
a personal turn to the discussion- He had no taste
for such things. "We came here to do the public
business, and not to amuse the galleries, or indulge
m personal altercations. He was no way respon-
sible for such disreputable scenes, for the truth ol
which he appealed to the Senate. He had through-
out limited himself to ihe defensive.
Mr. CLAY said the Senator made appeals to the
Senate whether "he had ever made assaults on ihe
Senator from Kentucky." If he were so disposed,
he, too, might appeal to the Senate and to truth—
who began this matter. When he (Mr. C.) rose
to make a remark or two on the bil1, not to argue
its merits, the Senator said he had no confiderce in
my results. Was that larguage proper or parlia-
mentary, or was it the language  t courtesy? He
understood very well the wily course of the Sena-
tor—it was to give a thrust, and place himself in
the amiable altitude of self-defence. Mr. C. then
stated, as he now stated, that the bill was a clear
grant of one moiety to the new States, which, in
its inevitable consequence, would end in the abso-
lute relinquishment of the whole; and the Senator
chooses to construe that into an assault. And
speaking in his own person—bis favorite person
—first person singular—"I will show—I will dely—
I have no confidence in the results of the Senator "
I repeat that I am as unwilling as any Senator to
indulge in personalities, andas little in the h¡bit of
doirg so. In that business I have been more sin-
ned against than sinning. I have been lar more
an object of attack than the Senator frsm South
Carolina—as well in the Senate as by the public
press, and in private circles. 1 have sometimes
treated it with contempt, sometimes with mdigna-
t on, but have never been so peculiarly sensitive as
Ihe Senator. Mr. C. said the Senator and himself
stood in "aniagontiíicoí" positions—their feelings all
d'flered, moral, political, and social, and he had no
idea that the Senator should cover himself with the
cloak of sympaihy, and give a thrust without being
met. I stand (?aid Mr. C ) like the S:nator from
South Carolina, on my reserved rights' And espe-
cially in relation to this land bill I fed, and mean
to assert that r ght.
Mr. CALHOUN. The excitement of the Se-
nator has no effect upon me. I am perfectly cool,
and am determined to keep so He attubutes to me
offn-ns.ve language, because I said I had no confi-
dence in his results; but forgot to add that I coup'ed
it wuh the declaration that I presumed he had
none in mine I had supposed that my meaning
cou'd not be misunderstood. The Senator under-
took to show that my bill, though not in fact what
the resoluuon as eited it to be, would be so in its
result". To reply to him, would necessarily have
opened the discussion on its general rents. I did
not think it the proper occasion; nor did I feel that
I would be justified in consuming the hour allowed
to the morning's business in ihe dtscu-sion of a
measure m the hands of a committee, and not be-
fore the Senate. To avoid the discussion, with-
out seeming to acquiesce in the deductions of the
Senator, I declared my want of confidence m his
results, and, to remove the possibility of offence, I
coupled it with the declaration I did. Nor is the
charge of egotism better founded. In affitming that
I was prepared to meet him, or any other opponent
of the measure, and to make j.ood its defence, I
made no boast of superiority, as he supprses. My
reliance was on the goodness of the measure, and
not on any assumed superiority. The Senate
will remember that I placed my remarks expressly
on the ground of my entire confidence in the mea-
sure, viewed in all possible lights, political, moral,
and fiscal. The Senator, in his excitability, in-
stead of regarding what I said in its connec-
tion, fixes en sn isolated word, or member oír a
sentence, and breaks forth int.) personalities; and
then, when repelled, turns round and charges that
he has been attacked. Tnese things are far from
being pleasant; I regard them as unbecoming the
body, and the age and standing of the Senator and
myself, and I engage in them with reluctance, and
only when forced to it in self defence.
Mr. KNIGHT rose, and said it seemed to him,
on reading the resolutions of the Legislature of
Rhode Island, that the Senator from Pouth Caro-
lina misconceived the intention of the Legislature,
in supposing that the Legislature intended to cen-
sure that gentleman; they were opposed to his bill,
and had expressed an opinion against it—not only
again-x that bill, but against all other propositions
to csde the public lands to any of the States wi h-
out a proper equivalent. The Legislature did not
believe that his bi 1 provi'ed such an cquiva'ent,
and passed resolutions against the general puiict-
ples of it.
The Lfgislatute (said Mr. K.) is in favor of the
proposition of the Senator from Kentucky, divid-
ing the proceeds of the public lands among all ihp
States, and has expressed an opinion in lavor of
that measure, but with no intention of casting cen-
sure on the Senator from South Carolina. . A cur-
sory reading of the resolutions clearly satisfies my
mind that there is no censure of the Senator con-
tained in them; and I am confidtnt, from the
knowledge I possess of the gentlemen who com-
pose that Legislature, that no such intention was
entertained by them: but that they are decidedly
opposed to the bill introduced by that Senator is
certain, and as strongly in favor of the pioposition
of the S' nator from Kentucky.
The question was then taken, and the resolu-
tions were oidcred to be printed and laid on the
table.
Mr. TRESTON presented the memorial of
Charles Brenan; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the memorial of
George W. Oaborne and others acainst the employ-
ment of bloodhounds in the Florida war, winch
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. BUCHANAN pre en ted the petition of
Hmh Stewart; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. MERRICK f resented mernonals firm the
pres dents and directors uf the Bank of Washing-
ton, the Bank of Potimac, and tie Fanners' Bank
of Alexandria, severally prajing for a icncvval of
their chirters, wheh ivere reftrred to the Committee
on the Dibtnct of Columbia.
Mr. WALKER presented a preamble and re o-
lutions pss<e 1 by the Legislature of Mississippi, in-
struct g tour Senators, and r«que-.t.ng their Re-
pte cntitives, to use their excrnons to procure the
e>tabh-hment of a mail route from J<>c'>son, Miss,
to Tusca'oosa, Ala.; which were referred to the
Commit ee on ihe Ptst Office ai.d Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr NORVELL, from the Commute on the
Public Lands, to which was referred ths bill autho-
rizing th^tates to tax any lands within their li-
mits, solcrby the United S.ates, repjrted the same
without amendment.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Public Land", to which was referred a bill to amend
the act entitled "an act to amend an act entitled
'an act for laying off the towns of Fort Madison
and Burlington, in the county of Des Moines, and
the towns of Be leview, Du Buque, and Peru, in
the county of Du Buque, Territory of Wisconsin,
and for other purposes, approved March 3,1837,'"
reported the same without amendment.
Mr SMITH of Conn, from the Committee cm
Revolutionary Claims, reported a bill for the re-
lief of the heirs of Maj. Daniel Piat1; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. LINN, from the Commit'ee on Pnvate
Land Claim?, to which was referred the petition of
the heirs of Anderson Lane, made an unfavorable
repot t thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. L from the same committee, to which was
referred a bill for the relief of the heirs of Miguel
Eslava, reported it back without amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on
Claims, to whuh was referred the memorial of
Sarah Ralston, made an adverse report ihereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to which
was rererrcd the memorial of John Purdy, made an
unfavorable report thereon, which was ordeted to
be printed.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which were refeired
The petition of Aaron Camp;
The petition of Ebenez r Swan; and
The petition of Susannah Pickett;
made unfavorable reports thereon
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Roads
and Carals, to wheh was referred a bill making
cer am military roads in the State of Arkansas, re-
por ed the same with amendments.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the bill for the relief
of John H. Sheppard, administrator of Abiel Wood,
was taken up and considered as in Committee of
the Whole; and, after consideration, was ordered
to be engrossed.
Mr. BENTON, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to which were refened the memorials on
the subject of employing bloodhounds in the
Florida war, prc-cntf d the following communica-
tion from the Secretary of War, and the commit-
tee was discharged for the further consideration of
the subjeU.
War Department,
February 17, 1840.
Sin: I have the honor to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of your letter of the 14th ins-taot, transmit-
ting from the Committee on Military Affairs a
number of memorials against ihe employment of
bloodhounds in the present war with the Indians in
Florida, for such answer lharelo as the occasion
may lequire iiom the Executive branch of the
Goveremeat As I have had occasion to answer
similar inquiries n ade by a member of the House
of Repicsentauves, 1 beg leave to transmit to the
cominnfea copy of that communication, which,
in part, lurnishes the mkrmatiou required.
There can be no doutt, fiona the respectable
chaiacter of the memorialists, that they are ani-
mated by huniane motivcsin remons'rat ng against
the use of these dogs, but it is equally certain that
they are deceived when they suppose that their
employment will degrade the character of the
country, or render i s officers obnoxious to Ihe
charge of cruelty. It was doubtless the intention
of the authorities of Florida, wnen they imported
the b'oodhounds, to use them as guides to discover
the 'uiking (ilace- ot the Indians, not, as has been
erioiieuusly believed, to won y or destroy them;
and this Depanment has given positive instructions
to that effect, it they s'iould be emp'oyed by any
officers in the service of the Gjvernment, as will
hi' s^cn by the accompanying copy of a letter to
the Cominandii g General in Flor.da. The Go-
vernment was not consul'ed on the sabject of the
importatioi of these digs by the Governor and
Council of Florida, and was ignorant of the trans-
action unti1 after their arrival in the Territory; but
this Department did not feel itse'f justified in for-
bidding iheir use. Tne inhabitants of Florida
have been crue'ly harassed, and all their «fforts,
and those of our troops, have huherto proved una-
vailing to protect their families from the murder-
ous assaults of the savages. If they thieve  «
th.s cannot be effected but by the superior «S ™1'
of these dog , it would be inhuman toJ>n" t
them from making ose oí what they regard as ti 
9
