CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
205
2.  Resolved, That such assumption would be
highly inexpedient,  nd dangerous to the Union of
the State*.
3.  Resolved, That such assumption would be
wholly unauthorized by, and in viola'ion of, the
Constitution of the United State*, and u-t rly re-
pugnant ti all the objects and purpo e< for wbich
the Federal Union was formed.                                 i
4.  Resolved, Tbat to set apart the public land",
or the revenues anting therefrom, for ihe before-
mentioned purposes, would be equally uojust, in-
expedient, and unconstitutional.
The qafs ion was on  the substitute offered by  (
Mr. Crittenden, as follows                                    |
Resolved, Tnat the debts of th? several States, so
far as ihey are known to the Senate, have  besn
ccn'racled in the exercise of the undoubted  right
and constitu'ional power of said State  respectively,  I
and that there is no ground to wariant any doubt   I
of the abil ty or disposition of those States to fulfil  ' I
their c ntracts.
Resolved, Tbat it  would be just and propT to
distribute the proceeds cf the sales of the  public    i
lands among ihe several State*, in fair and  ritea- h
b!e proportions, and that ihe condition  o* such cf
the States as have contracted deb s is such at the
present m ment of prepare and  diihculty as to    i
render such distribution e5pecia!ly expedient and    I
impoitant.
Mr. BUCHANAN asked the Chair \t it would
be in order 'o amend ihe le.-oluiions offered by the
Select Committee, and being answered in the affir-
mative, caid that lor the purpose of placing him elf
in a correct position, and to avoid voting against I
what he deemed the truth, he would move that ihe I
original resolutions shculd be amended by addiig
thereto, as a distinct and separate reso'ntion, the '
fir->t resolution of the substitute. Whilst he should
most freely vote that it was unconstnut onal, inex-
pedient, and unjusr, for Congress to assume the
payment of the exist ng debts of the Slates, he was
anxious, at the same time, to express hi«¡ertire
confidence both m the ability and will of ihese States
to pay their debts honestly and in good faith. In
tie expression of this opinion, he wou'd go as far
as the Senator from Kentucky, and was, therefore,
willing to adept his re^olu'ion on tin  particular
branch of the subject.
Mr. PHELPS, who was entitled to the floor, not
being present, the fui ther consideration of the sub-
ject was postponed uatil to morrow.
The Senate then went into the con-iteration of
Executive busine«s,
After which, it adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, February 17,1840.
Mr. J. W. JONES, chairman of the Commi'tee
of Ways and Means, would, by the permission of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cirwin,] move
that the House would, on to-morrow, at the hour
of one o'c'ock, resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, for the purpese
of considering the bill for the payment of Revolu-
tionary and other pensioners, and that it be made the
special order tor that and the sccceedmg day, in
preference to all o'her business, until disposed of.
Mr. LAWRENCE, before the question was ta-
ken, and in order that the Hoos-- might undeistand
the position oí this bill, would, by i s permission,
make a few remarks. The amount of tne pension
fand, now applicable to the payment of the pensions
becoming due on the 4th of MarJi, was $1,294,0(10,
which wa* in the hands of fo ty-one agents appointed
the Government. There was no law for the trans-
fer of these funds from one agency to another.
There were, to be sure, general laws for the trans-
fer of appropriations, which gentlemen supposed to
apply to the pension fund, but they did not; and
there was no law by which these moneys could be
transferred from one point to another. In conse-
quence ot this, if this bill is not passed by this
House in the next forty-eight hour-, the pensioners
will not receive *hat is their due. These pen-
sioners are scattered all over the United States,
and there were now left but fifteen days in which
to make the transfers. Under these circumstances,
Mr. L. appealed lo gentlemen on both  d«s of the
House not to discuss this bill. It must pass; and
if gentlemen wished to a'raign the Administration,
he hoped 'hey would do it on some O'hnr question
than th s I make there reimilo-, sa>d Mr. L. be-
cause it s due to ours* Ives and to the count y tint
thi> bill ¡-hoiild pais to day or to morrow, and to
let thrs.3 pensioners have ti e money en which they
subset. He would move to take up this bill now,
as it could be parsed :n a few mtnut *, but as the
chairman of ihecommutec [Mr. Jones, <f Vuginia]
had suggested to-morrow, he was willing to wait
until that time.
'Ihe SPEAKER sail that he mo ion of the ¡ren-
tVman from Virginia could only be received by
gent al ron«en'.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON sxid he ovjec el to
the motion, and would continue 10 object to taking
up any biU while the bill for the p'ot etion of F,o-
nda, where the Inlians were scalping tur women
and children, was lyng on the table.
Mr. J >N E3 of Virg ma then moved a suspen-
sion of the rules, to enab'e him to cfferhis motion,
and cai'ed for ihe yeas snd nay-.
Mr RUSSELL suggested to the gent'eman from
Virginia the expediency of modifying his motion «o
as to make the bul ihe ord°r of the day for twn
o'clock, instead of one to-morrow. It was well
known that the standing cfmmnt^es had not had
an oppcrtuniiy cf reporting from the ommence-
ment of the session until now. Mr. R. then m^ved
to amend the motion of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, so as to make the bill the order of the day for
two-jVlock to-oiotro-\.
The CHAIR taid the mo'ion of the gentleman
from New York w¿s not  in  or^er, the iules not
having yet been «upended, and the motion cf the
' gentleman from Virg ma not b=fore the House.
Th° question was then rut and cani«d—yeas
166, najs 1; so the rule-, having been suspende!,
Mr. JONES of Virginia submitted th  follow ng
resolution, and moved the previrus que t on on i1-
Resolved, That this House will, on to-morrow, at
one o'clock, resolve itseli into a Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union to consider Houee
^bill No. 3, and tha> it be the special crde-r at that
lime, and at the same hour every succeeding dav,
until the bill be disposed of, and that it take prece-
dence of all chr business.
The reco'ut'on having been read, the cpU fir
the p-evious quest.on was secondel by the House,
when the main question was p'it,and the resclut on
was adopted wi hout a division.
Mr. SERJEANT, from the Commi t e on the
Judicary, reporte I withoit amendment the bill
from the Senate to amend the act providing for tak-
ing the sixth census, and moved to refer the same
to the Committee af the Whole House on the State
of the Union; which motion was adop'ed
After some conversation be'wcen Me-srs. COR-
WIN, LINCOLN, and the SPEAKER, whether
the snbjeet under discussion, on Saturday las', was
the fir't thing in order to-day,
Mr. CORWIN, to avoid any discu'sirn on a
point oí order, moved that the subject then before
the House be now tak<*n up for consideration,
wh ch was agreed to; when
The SPEAKER announced that the ques-
tion before the Hou=e wís the motio/i of
Mr. Caset to re'er Ihe memorial of the National
Road Convention, held at Terr* Hante, Indfena.to
tie Comrm tee of Ways and Means, Wi hftMrac-
tion¿ 'o report a bill appropriating #150,00  to each
of the States of Ohio, Indiana, IpJ Illinois, to be
expended on ihe Cumberland rom.
The substitute of Mr. PickensVor sfii instruc-
tions, as follows:                            V
"And that the memorial be cotorrfitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means, wlrfi instructions
to consider the expediency of reporting a bill in fa-
vor of the measure."
And Mr. Marvin's amennment (o the or ginal
proposition aj^substitute for Mr. Picken's amend-
ment, as follIK:
" And that the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to rcpjrt bills in accordance with the
est.mates contained in the reports from the Chief
Engineer, and the Chief of the Topographical
Engineers, to the Secretary of War, and communi-
cated to Congress by the President, making appro-
priations for the year 1840, for the continuation of
the construction or improvement of harbors and
road-, th • na\ isating ot m ers, for which appropn-
a'i ns have leen herttofore made.
Mr CORWIN, who was entitled to the floor, in
continúan in ot h s remarks on Saturday, re-
plied at gieit length to the const tutional objections
of Mr. Pickens to the passage of any bill
making apiropnations for this road. That
g ntleman, he said, had congratulated him-
self and the country, that the Constiiutioa,
which had bten admnmtired in such a way ihat it
was entirely different from what it was intended
by its f amers, was about to be restored to its pu-
rity. If that gentleman's position was correct, he
conceive 1 it very unfortuna'e and most extraordi-
nary ihat the (ramers of that instrument had com-
miiiei such gross er ors in expounding and ad-
ministering it for so many }eais;for he believed
that Wa<-hiiigun and his cabinet, at d Madisoi,
Jeffir^n, and Monroe, as would be seen ftvm their
res rded opin or s, were in favor of this road, and
conce ved it perfectly constitutional. Mr C then
argued at ^reat length, to show the existence of a
contract between the Governm?'-* and ihe new
States for the completion of thtrr rad. and that
the contract had not been complied with on the
partofihs Government. No one could deny, or
dared deny, that the agreement did exist, which
was all the fnenis of the measure wanted—
and nnless the opponents of it could show
, that the contracting partes had no right, under the
i Constitution, to make the agreement, it was obh-
i git* r/ en the part of the General Government to
lulfil i s provis^hs to ihe letter, by constructing
this roid to and through ihe State of Ohio. Those
States through which the road runs, as a party to
the contiact, jave up the right to tax 122,000,000
o' arres of land, sulject to taxation by them. It
w?s an object of the most earnest anxiety by tre
Federal Government to get the States to relinquish
this right—a right which Mr. Ga latin said they
possessed, not only to tax lacd sold by the Gevern-
ment, but also that remaining unsold. Four sove-
reign States gave up this light, for five years, to
tax ibis q-ianuty of land, which, at $2 per 100
acres, am< uoted, in round numbers, to 12,200,000
dollars. Toe amount expended in the States, un-
der the contract, he was understood to say, was
I tt'e over three millions; and thus the Government
ba i c eared about 8 000,000 by the cperatton. He
wished the State Righ's party to remember this
when they compared these States to mendicants at
the National Treasury, because tie/ demanded a
fulfilment of the obligations of the agreement.
Mr. C. maintained that ihe Cumberland road was
a great national and military road and commercial
highway; ?nd that the same reasons existed for the
continuation of it now, as there did when it was
commenced, as a means of defence of the Western
fiontier; and instanced the large body ol Indians,
60,000 strong, now concentrated on the frontier, to
which it was inten *ed this road should be carried.
He did nut claim ihe appropuation as a matter ef
favcr, but on the ground of justice and right. As
it seemed Ihat the greatest objection to making it at
this time, was on account of t>>e low state of the
Treasury, he etam ned Ihe estimates, and showed
that «u'lictent curui'ment could be made on unne-
cessary cbjeits, to piogres-  with this road, and yet
keep the expenditures cf this year within ihe gross
amount cf 'he estimates He also showed the iosj
which the Government would sustain if an appro-
priation was not speedily made.
Ihe SPEAKER said that there was an impor-
tant communication from the Executive, on his ta-
b e, which he would beg leave, at that time, to lay
before the House; which was read, as follows:
To ihe House of Representatives:
I submit to Congress a commumca'ion from the
Secretary of the Tiea ury, repeating suggestions
contained in his annual report, in regard to the ne-
cessity of an early provision by law for the protec-
tion of the Treasury against the fluctuation  and
contmzencies to which i s receipts are exposed,
with additional facts and reasons in favor of the
propriety of the legislation then de3ired.
The application assumes that although the means
oí the Treasury for the whole year may be equal
