£06
to the expenditures of the year, the Department !
«ay, notwithstanding:, be rendered unable to meet j
Ifce claims upon it at the limes when thev fall due.
This apprehension arises partly from  the circum-
nm that the largest propoition of the charges i
«pea  the Treasury, inelud:ng  the payment  of
Gnñoiis, and the redemption of Treasury notes,
II due in the early  part   of this year, viz; in"
the  months  of  March    and   May,   whi'e   the
jesources, on which it might otherwise rely, to i
discharge them, cannot be made available until \
the last half of the year, and partly from the fact .
mat a portion of the means of the Treasury c n- ¡
sists of debts doe from banks, for some of which :
delay has already been asked, and which may not
be punctually paid.
Considering the injurious consequences to the
character, credit, and business of the country,
which would result from a failure by the Govern-
ment for even so short a* period, to meet its en-
gagements—that the happming of such a contin-
gency can only be effectually guarded against by
the exercise of legislative authority—tint the pe-
riod, when such disability must arise, if at all.
aid which, at the commencement of the s;s icn.was
comparatively remote, has now approached so near
as a few days, and that the provision a>fced for is
only intended to enable the Executive to fulfil ex-
isting obligation*, and chiefly by anticipating fnnds
not yet doe, without making any additions to the ;
public hardens, I have deemed the subject of suf- ,;
ficient urgency and importance again to ask for '{
it your early atteation.                               '              •
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, I7ra February, 1840.
TREiStmr DsPiRTMtNT,
Feb. 15,1840.
8m: The duty entrusted to this Department of
supervising the execution of such laws as ate con-
nected with the- fiscal operations of the Govern-
ment, induces me to make to yofl the' following
cemmanication.
In the annual report oh the finances, sabmitted
to Congress near the commencement of its present
session, I had the honor to state, in substance, that
if the new appropriations shruld not exreed in
amount the estimates thm offered, and if the in-
debted banks shou'd meet their obligations wnh
punctuality, the receipts for the whole year wouid
probably equal the expenditures.
After the Iap*e of nearly three months, those
views remain unchanged, excep* so far as subse-
quent events, heretofore communicat d to you and
to Congres , may in some degree affect iht m. But
whether those events, viz: new constructions of
the tariff laws by the courts?, and increased embar-
rassments of business in consequence of the sus-
pension of sp*cie payments by the banks eontinu-
itg over a large part of the United State*, müb
reduce the revenue so much as to render new
means on those accounts indispensable, cannot yet
be decided wi h certainty.. But it may be ascer-
tained before Congress adjourns, and can then, if
necessary, be suitably provided for.
It was al<o state I in the annual report, that the
uncertainty of receiving prompt payment fronx
the banks, and the convenience of having a l r¿er
balance on hand in the Treasury than vas likely
to exist, as well as the fact that the greatest debts
doe from the banks wete not pavab'e till the last
half of the year, while the largest expenditures
were charged on the first half of it, and paiticu-
larly on the month of March, required some ale-
ónate provision of means fo meet tho-e eontmg*n-
cies and inequalities, and rendered "the earliest
attention to new leg station on this subject" "highly
prodent, if not indispensable, for the effectual se-
curity of the public credit."
The prompt- adoption of such precautionary
measure was farther urged, on general grounds of
expediency, considering the existing embarrass-
in.nts of the country, the suspension of specie pay-
ments by many of the banks, and the fluctuations
and uncertainties to which our receipt* and expen-
ditures were, from vaiioqs causes then enume-
rated, constantly exposed. Ihe experience and
eeeaerences daring nearly one-fourth of a year,
whjdi has since elapsed, have strengthened the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
impression then entertained on this point; and in
official communicatiotis <ince made to the appro-
priate committees of Congress   and   yourself,  I  I
took the liberty to repeat my conviction of tie
continue I urgency and importance of the measure'
previously íecommended in re'aion to it.
But no action having) ct taken place concerning
this subject, though the period Is near at hind,   j
when the due maintenance of the public credit
seems most imperatively to require it,   I shall
proceed to state, with more minuteness than here-
tofore, some of the circumstances which make such
a provision so estental at the present moment.
Early as the 5th and 7th of March, a very large
amount of pensiens and Treasury notes become
due, in addition to "other and ordinary demands.
They will exceed, in the aggregate, two and one-
quarter millions of dollars, and for the payment of
which funds are yet to be advanced by the Trea-
sury to the amount of about            -   $1,450,000
Oa"the 13th of March, more Treasury
notes fall dee, not yet redeemed, com-
puted at       ....     250,000
Others  fall due and are redeemable
in the rest "of   March, April, and
May, estimated at   -          -           - 1,150,000
$9,850,000   j
Those' eonstitu'e an aggregate ©/"burdens but
little short of three minions, beside other payments
for ordinary object?.
The estimates of all the receipts and all the ex-
penditures, for these and other objects, daring that
period, with the available ba'ance of money now
on hand in tbe Treasury, are detailed in the state-   ;
ment annexed, marked A.
From those particulars it will be seen that, in
order to beable to discharge all anticipated claims
punctually, and retain on hand the appropriate
balance of about two millions for common pur-
poses, a provis on of mean* is expedí'«to the ex-
tent of four and ihrje-fourlhs millions of dollars,
subject to be used in who'e or in part, as may be
found necessary to meet the public exigencies, un
der all the uncertainties to which our financial ope-
rations a e liable.                                                     *
At this late day, a power to issue Treasury
notes, in:t"ad of those heretofore or hereafter re-
deemed, or to make a temporary loan to that ex-
tent, subject to be redeemed after fix'.y or ninety
da>s' noiice, seems the beit, and, in fact, the only
effectual method of providing such means, un'il the
Tt ceipts, in the last half of the year, or subsequently,
may enable (he Department to extinguish any debt
men* red.
An nncreasa of Ihe tariff, or a recall of deposites    -
from the States, would be too slow in their opera-
tions for obtaining adequate funds seasonably, as
some of them will be needed w.thin two or three
we ks.
To confer an efficient power; W procure neces-
sary means, Would make no addition to the public
burdens, but merely aid the Executive branch of
the Government to execute Ae raws wih fldeli'y,
by dischaTg'ng appropriations already imposed by .,
Congress and to the prompt payment of which the i
public faith has been solemnly pledged. The pro-
priety of doing it, therefore, stems too obvious to
require further comment.
Having submitted these views, in addition to
tho e heretofore presented on the same subject, this
Department, except und?r new authority from
Congress, can accomplish nothing more than to
continue to m?et the public engagements to such
an extent as may be practicable, however imper-
fectly, under the existing laws and the means al-
ready at its disposal.   Respectfully,
LEVI WOODBURY,
Secretary pf the Treasury.
To the President of the United State?.
(A.)        ^
Money in the Treasury 10th of FeWnary, 1840,
available for general purposes, computed to be
about §1,700,000, but at the end of the month it |
will probably be reduced to            -  §1,300,000
' Not over two-thirds of this will be
situated on the seaboard, and conve-
nient for u<e to pay pensions, and re-
deem Treasury note*.
Receipts, in March, Aprit and Ma;\
from customs and )and% estimated
at -           -           -                       -     3,000,000
Receiptsffrom banks in those months,
indebted in   1837 as depositors,
estimated at           -           -           -        200,000
Now and before the 1st June, com-
puted afgrega'e means       -           - $5,100,000
Expenditure  for pensions required by
5th March, as estimated by the
War Department at §1,760,000, of
which will then be needed, belles
what has been recently advanced,
about        ....      §900,000
Treasury notes falling due by March
7ih, not yet redeemed        -           -        550,000
Treasury notes falling due by March
13th, not yet redeemed       -           -        250,000
Treasury notes falling due in the rest
of March, April and May, and oth-
ers then redeemable           -           -    1,150,000
Ordinary expenditures in March, April
and May, out of appropriations al-
ready ma le, and new ones which
are expected to pass, and are re-
quired to carry into effect existing
laws for ordinary objects, before 1st
of June, est mat^d at                            4.500.0G0
§7,350,000
Lrasl balance usually proper to have
on hand at various points, near as
welt as remota      ...   §2,000,000
Add for the 1st of June, to meet what
is immediately due under the many
new appropriations passed near tho
close of the ses.ion            -           -        500,000
§9,850,000
Deduct the computed means -           -     5,100,000
i'«i"
Amount of additional means ?clear-
ing expepient now and before the
1st of June            -           -           -   §4,750,000
On nú tion of Mr. JONES of Virgtnia,
OrJtred, That it be referred t > the Comnittee of
Ways and Means, and be piined.
Mr. BELL rose anl said that he felt a li tie em-
barrassed as to an application which had been
made by friends around him . Some gentlemen
were under the impression that this discussion
would be continued from day to day, until the sub-
ject was disposed of; ± bat he apprehended (hat/if
not terminated this evening, it would g~> over to
this day two weeks, unless a special ord«,r should
be made in relation to it. Other gentlemen' had
expressed an anxiety to have an opportuoi y, dnr-,
ing the remnant of ihe evening, of presenting per
titions, which could only be done by an order to
that effect, or by unanimous consent And, again,
other gentlemen had expressed iheir anxiety to have
the qu'stion taken at some early day, and their fear
that, if this evening was passed in discussion^no
opportunity would be given to take the question.
He was ready, in courte-y and in justice to Ihe bu-
siness of the House, to yield to any reasonable
proposition which might be made. If it was the
sense of the House that the question should be ta-
ken immediately, he wonld not oceupy its timo in
any remarks, however desirous it might bs to him
to submit a few observations • Or, if it was the
sense of «he House to postpone the further conside-
ration of the subject to a particular day, he would,
acquiesce. Wha'ever course the House might
think proper to adopt, he should feel himself con-
strained, in courtesy, to accede to.
Mr. CASEY would make a suggestion. The
original proposition as to the instructions was of-
fered by himself. So far as he was concerned, he
was willing to forego the des re be felt to address
the House; and he believed that he might say for a
number of the friends of the measure, that they
were willing and anxious to take the question thai
