CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
20?
ferrrd to ihe Journal of the House for 1834, and
quoted the proceedmss on taking up the bi 1 for ihe
Cumbeiland roid, tn illustration of hi-. argument,
and then went on lo allude lo t1 e * fleets to 1 e pro-  |
(lucid  on   the Son h,  il i'  cnu d  be satisfied ihat
these appropriations would cease.    Afier n plying  |
at some lencth to Mr. Pickfns, Mr. B. went into  '
his objections to th s resolution, a>.d pirucu'arly  ¡
objected to the vanous other appropuations that
were talked 'o it m the way of amendments, thus
compelling the House to express an opinion in re-
lation to all ot ihem together.    He expre^ed his
wish that vome «ettled stst*m of inierna! improve-
ments «hould   be  adopted,   by   which  a   known    |
and   fixtd amount should be appropr aied e cry
year,   and   by   this   means   break   up  that sys-
tem    of    comb na'ions    an I     alliances    whi<h
h?d   too   often   carried   through   the   most   ob-
jectionable app'opmtions.    He  blamed the mem-
bers from ihe South for the r unaleiable and un-  ¡
qualified o; posit on to  internal   improvements  in   I
every shape, and believed that such oppo ítion had  |
caused  ihe combinations of  members from  the  I
Northeastern and Western Stales, which  haden-   .
abled them to   carry all their   t.ec'iooal objects  '
through the House.    He had  no doubt but that
millions muht be saved to Ihe South by their le ax-
ing their s}'slem, and admitting of fixe 1 and per-
manent appropriate ns fir objects worthy  of the
national bcunty.   After continuing his remarks for
some time, Mr. B. wa- interrupted by
Mr. HUBBARD, who suggested to him, on ac-
count of the lateness of the hour, to give way for
an adjournment.
Mr. BELL expressed h's willingness to acqm-
' e'ee in the decision rf the Home, reserving his
I n°ht to the floor when ihe snbjtct should be agun
resumed; after which, at the request of several
gentlemen near him, he submitted a resolution,
extending the time for the daily reception of peti-
tions unul the first of March next. Th.s resolu-
tion requiring: the general consent of the House,
Mr. rOBNEY object, d
Mr. JONES of Virginia al?o objected on the
ground of the motion inteifenng with the impor-
tant public business whi h demanded the earliest
CT'sic'eration of the House.
Mr. BELL then moved a susp->ns on of the rules
t) enable him to .submit Ihe resolu ion, and, in
taking the qiestion by leileis, there were 78 in the
affirmative and 25 in the relative.
No quorum voting,
On motion of Mr. BHETT,
The House adjourned.
evening. Other subjects would come up, on which
gentlemen might have an opporfnty to express
their v ews on all the various matters w hich had
been trougnt into this di-rus-ion; and. in order
fiat the subject be'ore the üt>u«e miglit be retened
to ihe committee, (if it was the pleasure of ihe 'j
House s > to do,) and that the committee might act i
upon it, he hoped the question might bi taken this
evening.
Mr. BELL said he understood, then, that no
gentleman wisked to sp>ak.
Mr. RflETT besged to remind srentlemen of
what they themselves had said, that it was their de-
sire that theque-tion should be d scusscd in all ifc>
bearings fully, and that after it had been di-cos ed
the question should re taken. He believtd that
three gentlemen had spoken as;ain>t the appropria-
tion, and that nine had sp 'ken in lavor of it.
Mr. BELL, after pajing a high compliment to t>e
peech of the eloquent gentleman [Mr. CoiwiN]satd
that heshould oppose ihi^ appropriations heal vays
hadopposedit.on thegioundsoi itsinexped eney,and
net on constitutional grounds, wh ch, in his opi-
nion, were untenable.   He believnHhit appropria-
tions for the Cumberland road were as mi.ci .n
accordance with the Constitution as those for har-
bors, light-houses, &,c. on the sea coait, and there-
fore the most succes>ful mode of a1 tacking this  I
measure would be on the giounds of i's mexpedi- i
ency,   and   not of  its   uncons ltuttonality.     He
thought that no sensible people would withhold
their appropriations from the seaboard for the pur-
pose of  making these expenditure^ overflow  on
their borders—and he always thought that the peo-
ple of the  interior would never submit to such a
construction ot the Constitution as this.   If it was
trne, as alleged by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina, [Mr. Pickens,] that fuch a crisis had arrived in
«ur national affairs, that it was possible to bring
back the Government to its original pun'y, he was
willing to go along  with  him in cutting oft these
enormous appropriations not   sanctioned by   the
.♦pint of the Constitution, and particularly with re-
gard to those isolated appropriations for the benefit
of particular sections ot the country.     He was
willing lo go along with the gentleman, and do all
in his power to itty the ti 'e of extravagance and
profu-ion of expenditure thit had, for some years
past, been running so sttongly.    But was the gen-
tlioian sure that such a crisis had arrived?   Was
he not mistaken in his judgment?    The gentleman
did not dwell upon the evidence wh ch was so* sa-
tisfactory to his mind, that this happy state of things
had arrived.   He did not go into the details of that
evidence to show that the Republican party of the
South now occupied Ihe  vantage ground, wh ch
would enable them to control the action of this Go-
vernment with regard to a more economical ad-
ministration of its affairs. Allusion had been made,
in the course of this debate, to the slate of the
Treasury, bat this was an argument that had been
used every year the Cumberland road was before
the House, and was both idle and unprofitable.
Thii Government had been frequently obliged to
borrow money, and last year issued Treasury notes.
It Was not the stale of the Treasury, then, that the
gentleman from S ¡uto Carolina relied on to defeat
uVsa appropriation".    Was it in any chanye in the
opinions of ihe Executive? and was the gentleman
f. om New York right in suppos ng that the Presi-
dent had aban Joned all his old opinions with regard
to ihe importance of internal improvements, and
had set his lace against all such appropriation-?
There was no evidence of this nature befoie them.
He was not aware that it had ever been customary
for the Pres d nt of the United S ates to notice these
great works in his annual message to Congress;
and therefore, there was nothing to warrant them
in supposing that he was opposed to the Cumber-
land road, because it was not mentioned in his last
me sage.   It was supposed, however, by seme, that
the President had changed his views with regard to
these great questions, because the Secretary of the
Treasury had omitted to make an estimate for the
Cumberland road, in his last annual report.
We are now, said Mr. B. on the eve of a Presi-
dential election, and that is the cause why there is
a more animated struggle upon the question of
continuing these improvements.   Mr. ¿. here re-
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, February 18,1840.
The CHAIR submitted a reso'ution of the Le-
gislative Asiembly of the Territory of Iowa, pray-
ing the passage of a law to aathonze tr-e election
of the Governor of that Territory by the people,
after the term of the present incumbent shall have
expired, which was referred to the Commute on
the Judiciary, and ordered tobe printed.
Mr. LINN presente 1 ihe memorial of the Le-
gislative Assembly of Wisconsin, praying the con-
firmation of ih° claims of Francis Laventure,
which was referred to ti e Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr L. also presented the copy of a correspond-
ence in relation lo the c uifumation by the British
Government of a grant of land to Jonathan Car-
ver, by the Nodoweisa Indians, in the year 17C7,
which was ordered to Le pnn'ed.
Mr. LUMPKIN presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Paulding county, in the State of
Georgia, praying the establishment of a mail route,
which was referred to the Committte on the Post
Office and Pest Roads.
Mr. YOUNG submitted an additional document
in relation to the memorial of the Mayor and Com-
mon Council of the city of Chicago; which was
referred to^ie Committee on Commerce, and or-
dered to be^mnted.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of a
number of citizens of the State of Pennsylvania,
praying an increase of the duty on foreign siiks,
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. STURGEON presented three peuuonrftom
citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania,
praying the abolition of the slave trade; the mo-
tion to i jeeive v,h th, was,
On mot on hv Mr. CLAY of Alabama, ordered
to he on tin- tabic.
Mr. STURGEON presented eleven memorials
against the u e of bloodhounds in the Florida war;
wh.eh were ¡aul on the table.
Mr. S alio presented the remonstrance of a
number of citizens of Washington county, Penn-
sylvania, against the admission oí Texas into the
Union, which,
Oi motion by Mr CLAY of Alabama, was laid
on the table
On motion by Mr ALLEN,'the petitien of Wil-
liam Wnlker, now on file, was referred to the
Committee on Cairns.
Mr HUBBARD.from the Committee on Claims,
to winch were referred
The petition of the legal representatives of John
G. Mackall,
The petition of Abraham Williamson; and
The mem rial of Fleming Wood,
m3de advene reports thereon; which were ordered
to le punted.
Mr. II. fiom the same committee, repoited a bill
for the relief of James B. Moigan; which was
read, and ordertd to a second reading.
Mr. WALKER.fiom the Committee on the Public
Lands, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of Daniel B. Bush, repor.ed the same without
amendment.
Mi. W. also, from the sanee committee, repoited
a bill for the relief of John W. Monette, which
was read, and oidered to a second reading.
Mr. CLAY of Ala. from ihe Committee on the
Public Lands, repoited a bill to grant other lands
to the inhabitants of townships deprived of the six-
teenth sections by Indian riservations; which was
read, and ordered to a second readtng.
Mr. STURGEON, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to which was referred the petitíí n
of th- heirs ot James Caldwell, made an unfavo-
rable report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr MERRICK, from the Committee on Claims,
to which were referred                                           ;
The petition of Gilbert Walker an 1 N. B. Hill
The petition of Thorn? sL. Bone; and
The mrmnml cf Wright Groom;
made   adverse   reports, and   asked  to   be   dis-
chatg d from  the further consideration   therto';
which was agreed to.
Mr. M. from iir same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Adam D. Stewart; which was
read, and ordered to a sec( nd reading.
On motion by Mr. NORVELL, the documents
in relation to the claim of Charles McKenzie for a
hali-quarter section of land, were referred to the
Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. PIERCE, f<om the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported the following bill; which was or-
de ed to a second reid.ng:
AN ACT to equalize the pay and allowances of
the officers of the line and staff of the army.
Be il enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United Slates of Jlmenca in Congress as-
sembled, That from and after the first day of the
month next ensuing after the parsing of this act,
the colonels, lieutenant colonels, and majors, of
the Corps of Engineers, the Corps of Topogiaphi-
cal Engineers, the Corps of Ordnarce, ihe Q.uar-
mas ei'i> Department, and the Subsistence Depart-
ment, be entitled to receive forage, or money in
lieu thereof, when .'orage is not furnished in kind,
for the same number of horses snly no  allowed
to officers of corresponding grades of the artillery
and íníantiy of the army.
Sec 2 Mnd be il fw titer enacted, That from and
after the first day of the month next ensuing the
passage ot this act, the captains in the staff,
corps, and departments mentioned m the preceding
section, be allowed forage, cr money in lieu
thereof, when forage is not furnished in kind, for
two horses, and that the first and second lieute-
nants of the aforesaid corps and departments, after
the same day, be no longer entitled to forage or
money in lieu thereof: Provided, nevertheless, That
whenever the duties of said lieutenants shall re-
