£0&
quire them to be mounted, they shall be famished
with two horsís each, at the expense of the United
States, and forage for the s^me.
Sec. 3 JIndbc it further cnacisrf That from and
after ih° first d*y of the month next ensuing arter
the passing of th s act, the coloneK, lieutenant
co'oneh, majors, and captains of the amilery and
infantry of th? army, be entitled to receive the
same month'y pay a* is now allowed by law to
cavalry officers of similar and cnrrt«p mding i,
grades; and that the first and second li-utenants ot
the several corps and departments enumerated in
the first section of this act, and also the first and
second lieutenants of the artillery and inf, ntry of
the army, be entitled to receive, eich, the monthly
pay of thirty-two dollars and twenty-s x dollars
respectively.
Sec. 4. «£nd 6e it further enacted, That a'l ac's
or paits of acts 'inconsistent with th° provis ons of
this act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
Mr. P. said that it would not be proper for him,
in the present stage of the b>ll, to entT urjon a par-
ticular explanat on of its details; but he would tike
leave to remark generally, that it would mike but
a very tnfl ng ucease of the  annual expense of
oar whole mi'itiry  establishment.     It   eontem-    i
plates, on the one hand, a reduction of the fcraee    I
ration, and, on the mher, an increase of the month-   I
ly pay—ard this was the main principle upo-i   j
which the equalization  proposed  to, affected was
based.    He believed there was no provis oi in the
b.ll which the committee would not be prepare 1 to
vindicate, upon the ground ofjuUica to «hose im-
mediately interested, and from considerations of
pnb'ic  policy.    If he  was not greatly m'siaken    j
wi h regard to the feeling which at present exists    !
among the officers of the line of the aimy stationed
in Flouda, along the frontier, every wl ere, siffi-
ciently indicated, by the mass of memorials which
had beea presented at this and the two precpd ng
sessions, and if hi did not greatly mis'ake rubhc
sentiment upon this subject, the  legislation pro-
posed should be regarded as not less d-sirable to
the staff than to the line.   He hoped the bill would
attract the attention of eveiy Scna'or, and finally
receive the approbatun of ail—because he ant ci-
pateJ fnm rs pa-sage the happiest results   to
every branch of the stvicp.
The adverse r<?p rs from the various commi'tees
on the S craary's Ub!e were 'a\ea up, considered,
and agretd to. [Arrrorg thes  repir'*, was one
fiom the Judiciary Committee, on th° prayer of a
number of citizens of New O l¿ans, pr^jir g zn
alteration of the caturalizition la^s, which was,
that the prayer of the petitioners ought not to be
granted.]
The bill for the relief of John H. Shepird, ad-
ministrator of Abiel "Wood, was taken up on its
third reading, read a third time, and pi'S'd.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The resolutions of the Select Committee on the
assumption of the State debts, and the substitute
submitted by Mr. Cr ttendev, and the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Büchavav, were taken up.
Mr. NORVELL offered the iol'owirg as a sub-
stitute for Mr. Büciunan's amendment:
Resolved, That while the Senate of the United
States is fully impressed with the importance and
correctness of die principles contained in the fore-
going resolutions, it is not intend'd thereby to cie-
ate any doubt of the consiitut ocal n^htofihe
Stales to contract debts, nor of th'ir resources, d s-
position, or ability to fulfil t! e engagement-, wh ch
they have contiac ed, lor purposes of internal im-
provement, as well as for other objec's within the
rang • of fhfir reserved piw ers.
Mr. PHELPS, who was entitled to the floor on
th s subject, not being present, Mr. HUBBARD
said that, though he would have greatly prererre j
to have followed Mr. P. he did not wi^h the sub-
ject to be farther delayed; and would, therefore,
with the leave of the Senate, proceed to «ubunt
the few remaiks he intended to offer on this tub-
jecf.
Mr. HUBBARD then proceeded at great ler-gfh
in favor of the  resolutions reported by the Select
Committee, and at the conclusion of his remarks,
On motion by Mr. CLAY of Kentucky,
The Senate adjourned.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. Ed'tor- The report in the Globe of the 13ffo
instant, of my remarks, made  in response to a
question of Mr Proffit, put to him in the course
ot hi* speech, is iniccura ein two point*:
i      1st   In  my description of  thj modera Wl 13
i   Party-
2d. In my remarks connected with the name of
1   Mr. Clay.
I said: l,I did not belong to the Whig party; that
the same was not to my taste; that as I understood
the matter, it was compose I of the  ancent Ftde-   i
ral party, ih; fragments of obsolete and evanescent    '
parties, the vanguards of nascent parties, ttrug-  'i
phng for existence, and a few Democrats, wh >,  '
from  persnnal pred lectun-, suffer themselves to
act nub them to whom they do m t beloi g.'
I am reported in the Globe as having said, that
from the time when I was on the Clay electoral
ticktt in Indiana, he [Mr. Clay] had "repudiated
his eld Democratic principles."
t-' I d d not say this. 1 am not here to discuss, or
criticise, the political charae'er or course of Mr.
Clay cr any o h°r gentleman, not now before the
country. What I did say was thin, vi7: " That
at the time when I teas on the Clay electoral ticket in
Indiana, Mr Clay's orthodoxy as a Democratic poli-
tician had never been doubted "
Very respectfully,
W. W. WICK.
Holse ofRefresentatives, Feb. 17, 1S40.              I
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,             J
Tuesday, February 18, 1840.
Mr. DAVIS ol Indiana asked permiss on of the
House to offer a resolution to extend the time for
the lecep ion of petit ons. He had no design that
it should interfere with the special order of the |
House: His object was to bring the House to
some decision ou the question which had been un- |
der discussion for sever;! days past, gruwing out of
the petition presented by him in relatu n to the
Cumberland read. It was impoitant to tMat inte-
rest that the time should be extended, to tnable the
discussion to proceed, and bring the Hiinse to a
proper decision thereon.                                            j
Mr. JONES of Virginia was understood to say
that 'he Committre of Ways and Means had be- I
fore it a subject of the greatest importance, upon I
which tiey would report a bill on to-menow ; and
it would then be indispensatle that it should be
acted on without de'ay. It was in fact necessary
to do so to furni h mrans to carry on the ope-
rations of Government. He was apprehensive, if
the resolution proposed should be adopted, that it
wculd interfere with the action on that bi l,as well
as o'hero of equal importance now on the Speak-
er's tab'e.
Mr. DAVIS then offered his resolution, which
was read for the information of the House, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the time for the presentation of
petitions be extended and continued until the 1st
day of March.                                                           I
Objection was made to its reception; when          '
Mr. DAVIS moved a suspension of the rules.      |
Mr.TURNEY demanded the yeas and nays on  |>j
that motion, nh ch were ordered.
Mr. PEl'RIKIN moved a call of the House: not
ordered.
The question was then taken on a suspension of
the rules, and determined in the negative—yeas 91,
nay  56
i he SPEAKER announced that the first business
in order was the resolution reported from the Com- '
mittee of Elections by Mr. Campbell, chairman,
asking the House to gratt that committee the
privilege to have all printing done which ,t deemed
necessary to facilitate the investigation of the New
Jersey disputed election.
The question pending when the resolution was
last under consideration, was the motion of Mr.
Cave Johnson to amend the proposition from
the commttiee, by authorizing thai cofcnittee to
have printed all the evidence they had collected in
relation to this election.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he had been instructed
by the committee to accept the proposition of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. W. Johnson ]
Mr, CAVE JOHNSON then offered the follow-   ,
it
ing resolution as a substitute for h's former propo'
sit ion:
Resolved, That all the proceedings and papers
before the Committee of Elections inrelat on to the
New Jersey e'ect on, be reported to the House by
the comm t ee, with a stitement cftbe names of
the indivdaals who received a majority of all (be
votes given at the election' forfmembers of the 26 h
Congress in thst Sta'e and that the sTne be print-
ed for the use of the Home, aid the committee
have leave to ha\e such other papers and docu-
ments in relation to other contested tlect'ons, pend-
ing before them, printed by the public Printer of
Congress.
Mr. CAMPBELL *•" South Carolina, chairman
of the Committee of Elections, then addressed the
House until the expira'ion of the morning hour, in
explanation of the coarse which had been taken
by the committee in reference to this question;
which will be published at length hereafier.
Mr. JONES ef Virginia ca'led fcr the special
order of the day; and in execution of which, on
his motion,
Tne House then resolved itself into Comm ttee
of the Wholeg on the s ate of the Union, Mr.
Lincoln in the Chair, and tor k up the bill making
appr<pnations for the payment of Revolutionary
and other pensioners ol the United States for the
year 1840.
The questions immediately pending in commit-
tee, when it last rcse, were, the amendment to the
bill submitted by Mr. Garland of Louisiana, as
follows:
' Be it further enacted, That no money appro-
priated by this act shall be placed in ihe hands of
pension agents more than ore monto befcr  the
day for the semi-annual pay met. t of pensions;"
And the amendment of Mr. Underwood to the
same, as follows:
"Each pension agent ihall be al'owed as com-
pensation for his services ------  per cent, on the
amount of money disbursed by him: Provided, That
no pension aeent sha'l receive as compensation
more than 1,500 do'lars per annum.
"Be it further enacted, That it shall be unlawful
for any pension agent to use or apply to his own
purposes, or to lend to ar y person or persons, or to
suffer any person or persot s to use, any part of the
public monejs plactdin his bands or subj ct to his
control; and, if any pension a: ent shall violate the
foregoing provis ons of this sec on, he shall, upon
conviction thereof before any cou*t of emp-tent
juiisdicUrn, unde-go and suffer imprisonment for a
penod ol t'aie no' less than one m r irore than five
j ears, at the discretion of the jury convict ng the
offender."
A long debate here arose, as to the propriety of
making the appropriation contained in the bill at
that time, and as to the expediency of changing the
mode oí compensating the pension agents, in which
Messrs. WHITE ot Kentucky, JONES of Vir-
ginia, chairman of the Commi tee of Ways and
Means, TILLINGHAST, R. GARLAND, TRIP-
LETT, WISE, and EVANS, par icipaied, (which
will be given hereafter,) wten
The question was taken on Mr. Underwood's
amendment to the amendment, and it was re-
jected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Garland of Louisiana, ano hpr debate arose
is to the propriety of its adopnon, and wheher it
would not be better to pas" a bill at that time,
making a transfer of the unexpended balances from
one head of appropriation, to bs applied to o'hers
on wh'ch it was needed, to meet the pensions be-
coming due in March, and to pa=s a subsequent bill
appropriating a sufficient sum to meet those falling
due m September. Messrs. CURTIS, EVANS,
JONES ol Virg ma, BELL, WHITE, and POPE,
took part, when
Mr. WHITE moved to strike out all after the
enacting clause of the bill, for the purpese of in-
serting the following:
"That the Secretary of War, with the approba-
tion of the President of the United States, be, and
he is hereby authorized, to transfer the unexpended
balances of appropriations heretofore made to the
different classes of the general pension fund, to any
of those classes to which the specific appropriation
way be deficient, for the purpose of meeting the
