310____________
Th« CHAIR decided that it was not in order for
the gentleman from New York to allude to the pro-
ceedings ol ,h* committee.
Mr. FILLMORE. Is n not in order to answer
the arguments already made on the ac ions of the
committee, and to notice, in reply, the insinuations
against the committee*
The CHAIR was understood to say that it wou'd
not be out of order to refer to the situation of the
basinets before the committee, but it would be en-
tirely oat of oider to discuss or refer to particular
trotes ot any member in the commitee.
Mr. FILLMORE said he had no desire to refer
to the votes of the members of the committee  The
)ourral of the ctmmittee would show that when it
was pub'ishfd.     In reffrence to the question, he
wooM say that he was not surprised at any pro-
postttoa that might be made to that House, and he
mijrht say surprised at any action of that  Hou e,
if it would not be out of order to do so.   In justifi-
cation of the committee, he would s y, that nut one
member of it anticipated that such a mo ¡«n as this
would have been  made.     He could  not, how-
ever,  believe   that  if the honorable   gentleman
who   made the   proposition    knew  the   condi-
tion   of   the   business   of   the   committee,    he
could have   been induced to make such a mo-
tion.    He thought his ignorance rf us situation
was the oaly apology that gentleman conld make
for the singular course he had thought proper to
take.   Mr. P. then referred to the history of the
New   Jersey   question when it   was before the
House, and before it was referred  to the com-
mittee; and from a relation of that history, he in-
quired whether it was the intention of the House for
that committee to make a pietiminary report.    He
inferred from the action of the House, that it had
alrtady sanctioned the proceeding that there should
be no repon as to which of the parties had the
legal returns, and reíd the re; ol at ion referring the
subject,  in  proof of   that  fact.     That   resolu-
tion   directed   the    committee   to    inquire   and
report,   not as   to  the   retain,   bat    who  were
entitled to the seats.    The commi'tee met, and
had been in session almost every day since, from
«ven to ten hours per day, doing every thing in
its power to enable it to place the subject in proper
order before the House.   The question had come
up in the committee, whether they should make a
prelimanary report first, as to who was entitled on the
return to a seat on that floor, before the committee
proceeded to investigate, to ascertain who   was
elected, or legally entitled  to feat-.   After some
discussion, the committee could not agree 10 any
preliminary report, but agreed to go into a full in-
vestigation of the election itself.
The CHAIR here interfered, and said that it
was not in oider to discuss the proceedings of
the committee.
Mr. P. then went on to show what the powers of
the House were over the subject, under the Consti-
tution, and how much of that power had been
transferred to the committee.    He was understood
to say that the powers over the question were en-
tirely of a judicial, and not of a legislative charac-
ter; and consequently the committee for the House
were not allowed to exercise any discretion, bat
weie bound to go into the investigation after the
manner of investigations before eoutts, and to be
governed by the laws and the^ Constitution, to the
same extent as the courts.   The powers of the
House to judge of the qualifications, flections, and
retaras of its members, were entirely distinct and
independent of each other, and could not be con-
founded, unless the Constitution was entiie'y blot-
led oat.   The House had itself raised no question
as to the qualification of the contestants; from
that he argued that the qne&tions of election and
reums alone were referred to the committee.    Mr.
P. referred to the British practice, and to historical
facts, to show what it was that constituted a return.
It had a definite meaning; and, according to Biitish
pi act ice, was the official re nlt of the ekction, cer-
tified by the sheriff?, and held under a writ issued
from the court of chancery to said sherifT, and this
return of the sheriff was the prima faeit evidence
of election.   It had been left by the Constitution
> of toe United States for the States to prescribe the
Iftode of retara for members of Congress; and it
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was not the mere giving of votes, or certifying to
the votes 'hat constituted a return, but the legal
foims which the States had adop'ed as evid-nce ol
return.   He contended that there was no interme-
| díate point between the election and the return, and
i that they mu4 be judged of distinctly and sepa-
j rately; pnd inasmuch as the House had set aside
I the return, it would be doing great injustice to the
j committee, to pass this resolution to compel it to
I  make a report upon the return.    He thought the
I  rejection of the return by the House was sufficient
authonty for  the committee to act upon it or to
I    thrust it again before the House.    He denounced
the coure the House had pursue! in relatan to
¡I  the return of the Slate of New Jersey; «Inch, he
s*id, had bren trampled under foot, became evi-
dence had been presented to it which went to ques-
tion the return, and which caused its rejection, and
yet was deemed sufficient to give the < ppe s te par-
j  ty a tit'e to the seats.   The evidence was merely
! sufficient to crea'e a vacuum.    After a discussion
in committee for several days, (in view of the te-
jection of the returns by the Hou>e, and its having
!  raised no question as   to qualification,) it deter-
I  mined to go into an  invest gition of the election,
the only question before it; that is, to ascertain who
were elected, or had the majority of If gal votes.
The committee had taken up the evidenc- herorc it
to  ascertain  its competence—and  it had decided
that some portion of the testimony  was incompe-
}    tent, because sufficient time had not bfen given to
j    the opposite party to be present when it was taken.
In consequence of this, further time was a*ked by
the parties to t ike testimony.
Objection was here interposed to prevent the gen-
t'eraan from arraigning the proceedings of the com-
mittee before the House.
Mr. SMITH of Maine hoped the gentleman
would be permitted to proceed. He was wi ling,
and the Democia's were willing, that he should go
on. He wa« bound to believe that that the ques-
tion was safe in the hands of the Democratic por-
tion of that committee.
Mr. FILLMORE resumed, and was proceeding
ti show, from the condition of the subject before
the committee, that it could not report; and was in
the act of reading a resolution adopted by the
committee, in which it bad determined,\vitha view of
giving time to the contestants to take testimony, that
it would not make a report befóte the second Mon-
day of April next; when
Mr. PETRIKIN again interposed a point of
order, whether it was proper fur ths gentleman to
read to the House a resolution, adopted in the
committee, which had not been reported.
The CHAIR said it was not in order to do so;
but if the House thought proper to permit it, he
could have no objectrn.
Mr. RIVES hoped the gentleman would be al-
lowed to proceed until a fall investigation was
gone through with, and that the House would do
no other business until it was settled as to who
were entitled to seats from New Jersey.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina was sur-
pii<wd that any gentleman who wished to see
New Jersey fully represen'ed in the House, should
be in favor of this mode of discussion. If per-
mitted to go on in this way, it would consume the
whole session to no purpose.
Mr. HAND of New York moved that his col-
league be allowed lo proceed.
The SPEAKER stated the question to the House,
when
Mr. PETRIKIN asked if a majority could
give permission to the gentleman to go on out of
order?
The SPEAKER said he cou'd only put the
question to the House on the motion of the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Hand.] If the House
permitted the gentleman to proceed, it would then
be for it to determine whether he proceeded in
otder or not.
Mr. PETRIKIN slid it required a vote of two-
thirds to authorize a gentleman to discuss a subject
not in order. A majority could not dispense
with the standing orders of the House, and
had r.o right to allow a member to go on
out of order. When a gentleman was called
to order for discussing a matter not before the
I House, and the Chair decided that he was out of
order, he might get the leave of ths House to go on
j with his remarks in onlei.but not out of order.
Where would the evil stop if a bare majority
could permit a gentleman to consume the time of
the House by discussion out of ordei? The busi-
ness of the country could never be got through
with if th's practice was permitted. He made
these objections (Mr. P. said)n<t on account of
any personal or party considerations, but solely
fur the purpose of bringing back the House to that
regula-lty and order of proceeding so essential to
all legislative bodies, and from which there had
been a lamentable departure fur almost the who'e
of this session. Wno would be a member of a
committee (Mr. P. a-ked) it' all its proceedings
were to be commented on in that House before it
had made snv report?
Mr. FILLMORE Mid he had nearly finished
reading the re olution when he was interrupted.
He wished to read it for the purpose of showing to
the Home how impossible it was for ihecommntee
to make a report as required by the amendment of
the gentleman from 'lennessee. If the Chair de-
cided that it was not in order for him to read that
paper, he must acquiesce in the decision; but, on
his part, he thought that he was in i rd< r.
The SPEAKER asked the gent'eman if he
wished to appeal from the decision of the Chair;
and suggested to him that he had better take that
course, or accomplish his object in another way, by
moving for permission of the House to read the
paper.
I Mr. FILLMORE than moved that he be permit-
ted to read such portions of the proceedings of the
committee as the amendment proposed to have
printed.
Mr. PETRIKIN called for tellers on the motion,
 h ch were cot ordered, and the question was taken
by count, resulting—ayes 95, noes not counted.
Mr. DUNCAN then rose and demanded the
yeas and nays, which were ordered; when
Mr. BRIGGS asked if it was not in ordei for the
gent'eman to read a parer on which there was a
question before the House, whether it should be
printed.
The SPEAKER replied that the gentleman from
New York had no right to read papers containing
tie rroceedings of the committee, (not reported
by it,) although ihe amendment under discussion
proposed to punt those proceed ngs.
Mr. ADAMS. If the Speaker i'ecides that pa-
pers, which a motion is made te prit.t, shall not be
read, I appeal from that decision.
Mr. "WILLIAMS of North Carolina asked if it
was not out of ord r to print papers which ha I
not been reported to the House by the committee.
The SPEAKER said that was a question for the
House to decide.
Mr. STANLY called for the reading of all the
papers which the amendment contemplated print-
ing.
The SPEAKER said the papers were not in pos-
session of the House.
Mr. STANLY. Then you are going to ptint
papers which are not in posses-.¡on of the Hous*.
Mr. RIVES explained ihat the amendment pn -
posed by the gentleman from Tennessee wa«, that
the commntee be r. quired to report to the House,
11 and that then the papers, afer they came into the
' possession of the House, should bo printed. He
wou'd second the mctioi of the gentleman from
North Carolina to have the papers brought before
the House, and then have them printed forthwith.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut argued th&t it would
be a censure on the committee to pa's this resolu-
tion, and do great ¡njust ce to i, if the members
were not permitted to pl*ce themselves right before
the House and the country. The committee was
not prepared to report, notwithstanding it had been
very industrious- in investigating the subjects belore
it. If the House passed this resolution, it would
be an invasion of the rights of the committee, and
would be assailing it, and unjustly arraign it before
the nation. He considered the prce ediog a most
novel one. But if the House was determined
to take action upon it, he thought it due
that the members of the committee should ba
I permitted lo show the condition of the business a
