CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
211
a reason why it would be impossible to make a
report for a momh. The committee was now try-
ing the contested election from Pennsylvania, which
alone would occupy a month.
Mr. S. spoke at some length in vindication of the
rights of the committee, and tu show the great im-
propriety of adopting the resolution.
The dscussion of the subject was here arrerted,
the morning hour haviug expired, by
Mr. PETRIKIN, who called for theord«r¿ of
the day.
Mr. JO HNS DN of Tennessee asked if it would
not be in order to move to proceed with the busi-
ness now bpfore them.
The CHAIR .«aid it would not, without a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. RIVE3 said, for the purpose of making the '
motion in relation to that matter, and to enable the i
House to decide a great question involving the
rights of members to seat.*, and for the purpose of
having speedy action thereon, he moved a suspen-
sion of the rules; and on that question demanded
the yeas and nays.
The CHAIR said the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Petrikin,] had prece-
dence. It would be for a majority of the House to
decide whether it would go on with the orders or
not. If the majority preferred continuing the con-
sideration of the New Jersey case, it could.show
that prererrnee by voting dtiwn the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. RIVES. For ihe purpose of ascertaining
the decision of the House in refer* nee to a continu-
ation of the New Jersey case, 1 move that the quet-
tion on the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania be taken by yeas and nays. Then
all who desire to see the State of New Jeisey fully
represented on this floor would vote against the
motion to proceed to ihe orders of the day.
Mr. RANDOLPH. I tell the gentleman that
th  true members of New Jersey have gone home.
The yeas and nays having been ordered on a
suspension of the rules, were— jeas 97, nays 92.
VEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W. Allen, An 'rews,
Barnard, Bell, Biddle, Black, Bond, Briggs, Brock way, Anson
Brown, Calhoun, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark, Jamet
Cooper, Mark A. Cooper, Corwm, Crockett/Cross, Curtis,
Cashing, Davies, John W. Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson,
Deberry, Dennis, Evans, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gates,
Giddings, Goggm, Goode, Granger, Graves, Green, Gnflin,
GrinneTl, Habersham, Hall, William S. Hastings, Henry,
John Hill, of Va. Hoffman, Hopkins, James, Charles John-
ston, John W. Jones, Kempshall, King, Lawrence, Lewis,
Lincoln, Marvin, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Calvary Morns,
Nisbet, Osborne Palen, Petrikin. Pope, Proffit, Randall, Ran-
dolph, Kanden, Rayner, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstal1, Si-
mnnton, Truman Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart, Taliaferro,
Waddy Thompson, Tiilinghast, Toland, Triplett. Trumbull,
Underwood, Peter J. Wagner, Warren, Edward D White,
John White, Wick, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams,
Joseph L. Williams, Christopher II. Williams, and Wise—97.
NAYS—Mesera. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Banks,
Beatty, Beirne, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V. Brown, Albe t G.
Brown, Burke, William O. Butler, Carr, Carroll, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Conner, Crabb, Craig, Crary,
Davee, John Davis, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl,
Eastman, Ely, Fillmore, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd,
Gentry, Gerry, Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins, John Hill, ol
N. C. Holleman, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Jo-
seph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keim, Rem-
ote, Leonard, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McKay, Mallory,
Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Newhard, Parish,
Parmenter, Patrie, Paynter, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds,
Rivea, Edward Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, A. Smith,
John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Strong, Sumter,
Swearingen, Sweeny. Taylor, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel, David D. Wagener, Watler-
son, Weller, Jared W. Williams, and Henry Williams—92.
There not being two-thirds, the rules were not
suspended, and the House proceeded to the orders
of the day.
Mr. J. W. JONES, chairman of the Ways and
Means Committee, by perniis ion, reported the fol-
lowing bill:
A BILL additional to the act on the subject of
Treasury notes.
Sic. 1. Be it tnacleJ by the Senate and líense of
Representantes of the United Stales of America, in
Congress assembled, That the regulations and pro-
visonsconiainedin the act passed the twelfth day
of October, in the yrar one tboufand light hundred
and thuty-seven, entitled "An act to authorize the
issuing of Treasury notes," and in the subsequent
acts in addition thereto, be, and the same are hereby,
lenewed, and made in full force, excepting the
limitations concerning the times within which such
notes may be issued, and restricting tht amount
thereof as hereafter provided,
Sec. 2. And be U further enacted. That under the
regulain ns and pioví i >ns contained in said act,
Treasury notes may be issued in lieu of othe s hf re-
af.er or heie'o'bio redemed, but not to exceed in
ihe amour.t ol notes outstanding at any one time,
the aggiegate of rive millions of dollars, and to be
redeemfd sotner than one year, if the means of the
Tieasujy will perm t by giving notice sixty days,
of lho«e notes which trie Department is ready to
redeem: no m'erest to be allowed thereon after the
expiration of said sixty dajs.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That this
act shall continue in force one year, and no longer.
The bill having been iwics read, was,
On motion of Mr. JONES, referred to the Com-
mittee of the whole on the slate of the Union, and
orderrd to he pnntfd.
Mr. J. W. JONES said he had been directed by
theCommit'ee of Ways and Moans to ask that the
bill be made the special order of the day for to-
morrow wee k, and that it be proceeded with until dis-
posedof. [Cries of " No," "No," from several.]
Mr. J. said, nftpr the communication from the Pre-
sident of the United States, presented to the House
on )e-teiday, it could not be necessary lor him to
s'ate any thing in reference to the importance of
immediate action on that bill. The propriety of
the motion he was about to submit would be appa-
rent to every one.
Mr. R. GARLAND objected to the motion, and
called Mr. J. to order.
Mr. JONES then moved to suspend the rules,
for the purpose of introducing his motion.
Mr. TUKNEY demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rul«s; which were or-
dered.
Mr. BIDDLE appealed to the candor of the gen-
tleman from Virgnia, whe.her it would be fair in
him to deprive him of Ihe floor, by pressing the
motion, after he had, through courtesy, yielded i'.
Mr. J0NE3 would readily answer that he was
certainly indebted to the courtesy of the gentleman
for an opportunity to offer his resolution; and if he
had suppof-ed for a moment that he interfered, in
the slightest degree, with the course the gentleman
had marked out for him<e'f, he would not press
his motion. As it was, if the gentleman consi-
dered the resolution in that light he would with-
draw it.
Mr. BIDDLE though' it would be an invasion
of his right ti ihe floor. The gen leman could
have some other opportunity of subm.tting his mo-
tion.
Mr. JONES then wi hdrew his motiQH."
The SPEAKER then annt uncedymat the busi-
ness berore the House was the biU/making appro-
priate n to comfleie the removal^)!' the raft of the
Ked river, and If< r other purn/fees, on which was
pending the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvana [Vlr.iBiddle] toJttfet the same to the
Commi'tee of/Way's ancLMeans, with instructions
to inquire an J repon toirte House as fol'ows:
1.  Whether the ad^mce of money hy the Bank
of Arkansas, which Jt is one of the objects uf this
bi'l to reimburse,jfas not made with full know-
ledge that th^agurlt of the United States who ef-
fected the lean/was acting in defiance of positive
instruct ons frfm his superiors, as well as in the
face of a known refusal by Congress to appropriate
money to Ihe wark.
2.  Whether the estimate on which the bill is
founded was not made by the said ageDt prior to
the closing up of the raft in August last; and
whether any satisfactory data exist for computing
the probable cost of removing the present impedi-
met ts to nav gallon.
3.  Whether the sum appropriated by this bill is
ral'ed for in the es'imates accompanying the Pre
s-ident's message.
4.  Whether the bill is not of such a character
that it ought to have or g nated in this House.
Mr. BIDDLE, who w?s entitled to the floor,
commenced by siy.Dg thit his honorable fnenii
from Virginia" [Mr. Jones] wcu'd read ly under-
stand why I e was so reluctant to grant him the in-
dulgence he a.sked. The gentleman was aware
that h s (Mr. B's) motion had arrested the bill that
was now before ihe House, when it first c&me
from the Senaej that many gentlemen aroaod him,
and particularly his fiiend from Louisiana [Mr.
R. Garland] Uok the derpest interest ia its pas-
sage, and  therefore it was somewhat incumbent in
him to  pross its consideration at this time.   When
«his bill was befere the Hou-e on a former occa-
sion, he  was  one of those who protested against
any action on it, or a reference of it to a commit-
i   tee, who.it seemed, were expected to report on it
i{  wnhout exa nination orcritisism.   It did not then
occur to him that this bill had a connection with á
11   passage found in the documents accompanying the
11   President's message, which  struck his attention at
i   the time he read them.    He should ask the atten-
i  tion of the House   to the bill  in connection with
those document?, and if any gentleman  had that
mass of documents before lnm, he would be grati-
fied if he would turn to them, and accompany him
by references to them in the course of his   remarks
he should now make.   Mr. B. then  referred to a
communication from  the Superintendent to   the
War Department, dated   at St. Louis, 12th June,
1839, in which he stated the circumstances under
i   which he had opened a communication with the
planters on the Red river, which resulted in ob-
taining a loan for carrying on the work,
i      Mr. B. also referred to several other documents
i having a relation to the subject, and then proceeded
to comment with much severity on the proceedings
of the superin'endent, and the sanction which he
alleged was given to them by the War Department.
In  making an estimate for an appropriation to
cover the amount  which the superintendent had
expended in this way, Mr. B. contended that the
Department held out a temptation to extravagance
and abuse of trust on the part of its subordinates.
This estimate, he said, was drawn up in compliance
wiih the pledge made by the superintendent to the
Bank of Arkansas.   There was no other estimate.
The bill adopted it, and took it up in presence of
this pledge to that bank.   Now ihe very first item
in that estimate was for the reimbursement of the
money which was thus obtained and expended by
th? superintendent, with the full knowledge that it
was done in violation of his orders.   Mr. B. then
went on to contend that they bad no information
with regard to the rr^eut condition of the work,
or what was Bece^sary to be done on it, and tha
the superintendent had not visited it at the time he
1 made Iii3 last communication to the Department.
Mr. CROSS of Arkansas followed in reply to
Mr. Biddle, and described the situa'ion of the Red
River, and the condition of the county, and how
I   far it would destroy private interests <here, as well
as the interests of the Government, to discontinue
the appropriations for removing the ob-tructiocs to
this river.   A lnrge portion ot   the lands redeemed
belong to ihe Government; and a great quantity
had already been sold, and had brought into  the
|   public Treasury about one and a half millions of
i   dollars.   It would be mo t unju-t to the purchasers
I   to discontinue the improvements in that nver.when
the land was parchase under the impression that
the Government would complete what it had al-
ready begun; in fact, it would result in a total loss
to ihe most of them.   Without removing the ob-
structions, it would be impossible to protect the
inhabitants of that county against  the Ind ans, if
1    they should undertake to wage war agaimt them.
It was ako most important for the prosecution of
i   trade, to remove the obstruction0.
The raft itself was composed of accumulations
of floating timber, choking up  the channel of the
river, anil could not be passed nor repassed. This,
I  at one period of time, extended up and down  the
i'  river for a ds'ance of 150 miles; but the  superin-
tendent, under whose charge the work has been
'   carried on for several } ears past, had removed the
whole of these obstructions, though not effectually.
!   The channel was yet too narrow, and, at the bends
tf the r.ver, the floating timber comirg down had
lodged, and thus commenced the forming (>f new
rafts lhat formed last year,  extending something
like one m le; but, at the  present t'm?,  to about
four or five miles.      Th s was continually increas-
j!  mg, and unless the work was speedily commenced,
would giow to such an extent as to mike  the cost
of removal very considerable.    If the Government
designed to prosecute this work, and keep  pace
with the extensive settlements on the river aoove.
