«it
the raft, the appropriation ought to be tpetdily   |
nade    If not, they had better abandon the work   |
at «wee, and let those interested in it know what ¡1
they bad to expect.     He  was veiy sure   that
neither thi superintendent, nor the War Depart-
ment, Btw any one connected with it, were entitled
to the censures cast on them by the gc mleman from
Pennsylvania.   The gentleman was mistaken in
one point.   The advance was made by the plan-
ters interested in tne navigation of the river, and
not by the Bank of Arkansas; and the superinten-
dent said expressly to them, that he was unwilling
to incur any liability, and that be could not pledge
them the faith of Congress for the redemption of
this money; that if they advanced it, they must
do so; they must look to Congress for reimburse-
ment.   The citizens of Arkansas, therefore, m\de
tin advance on ther own responsibility, and they
did it upon a   conviction that the Goverrment
would not abandon a work of so much importance
to them as weH as to the United States.   Mr. C.
said that   the   superintendent   having a perfect
knowledge of the character of the work on wh ch
be had been engaged for so many years, and hav-
ing been there last year, it did not occur to him ih t
U was necessary for him to visit it at the time he
made his last communication to the Department.
This   objection,   therefore,    of   the   gentleman
from Pennsylvania, was satisfactorily, he hoped,
answered.     Mr.    C.   said    he   disc'a'med   the
idea of resting the success of this appropriation on
Executive favor.    He rested it on the importance
of the work as well to the interests of the citizens of
Arkansas as to three of the Government. If the ap-
propriation was not justly dae to the people of that
section of country—if Congress did not consult the
interests of the Government in making it, let the
work be abandoned.   But he took the ground >hat
the implied faith of the Government was pledged  I
to those citizens, who had paid millions into the !
Treasury for the purchase of lands on that river,
under an expectation that the work wou'd go on—
and, further, that the Government would derive
more advantage from the appropriation than the
settlers themselves.    In adJition to this, it must be
remarked, that the free navigation of that river
was essential to the defence of the people of Ar-
kansas from the Indians, placed by the Govern-
ment on their borders.   He should suppose that   !
there was no question of the power, of tbe Senate to !
make this appropriation, as assumed by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.   It was not a new ap- j
propriation, but a continuation of a work that
had been   carried   on   for   year ; and   though
it   was   conceded   that   the   Senate    had    no
right to   originate  appropriation   oil's,   jet  he
apprehended    that    that    objection   could   not
be made to their originating a bill to continue a
work already commenced, and in progress.   Mr. '
C. said he was not aow inclined to enter into the   |
merits of  the bill;   be would prefer doing  so 'j
when it came up regularly before the House.   He , i
had shown in a desultory and unconnected manner I
the evils that would ensue from'putting a stop to this I
work; and he would further add, that the improve   |
ments made in the river had not only increased the ¡'
sales of tbe public lands in its vicinity to an un- j
exampled degree, but had saved the Government |
upwards of $40,000 in the transportation of its
stores and munitions of war to the forts in the In-
dian country.
Mr. R. GARLAND said he regretted that the
honorable  gentleman  from   Pennsylvania   [Mr.
Bioduc] bad thought proper to make some of the j
remaiks which he did, and   he   hoped  that he
would permit the reference to be made without the
instructions.   The information which he wished to
elicit by them was to be found in the documents;
and whatever of it that could not be found there
would, be believed, be deemed not of much im-
portance.    Mr. G. then quoted the resolution of
Mr. Biddle, and went on to show that the ag nt
himself bad stated all tbe information on facts
there  required.     Under   the well-grounded  im-
pressions that tbe Department had the right to
entertain the opinion that Congress would con-
tinue the appropriations for works on which it had
already appropriated some hundred thousands of
dollars; andj considering the great distance from
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the seat of Government, and that they had not
time to make known the failure of the appropria-
tion of last year, he thought the superintendent had
acted very properly in continuing the woik by the
means he had resorted to. Considering the gieat
importance of this improvement to the people of that
section of country, and that by means of a forma-
tion of the raft they would be cut off from market,
they were justified in making this advance, with the
hope that Congress would continue the appropria-
tion. But when they were infoimed that Congress
had failed to do so, the agent had overrun the
amount in his hands, $4,000; and he informed the
people distinctly that he would not pledge the faith
of Congress, but if they thought pr.>prr to make
advances, he wou'd ure his influence to prccute an
appropriate n to indemnify them. There was no
allegation that this money had been misplaced or
not used advantageously; on the contrary, it
must be admitted that the conduct of the
agent was judicious and praiseworthy. It
seemed a curious way to punish one of the of-
ficers of ihe Government to put a stop to a work
which had been going on for years. It would be
belter to reach that officer in some other way.
When the gentleman looked further into this mat-
ter, he would find that the superintendent had ad-
hered to the strict letter of his instructions, and had
done nothing censurable. AH the information that
the committee could possibly give the gentleman
from Pennsylvania was already in the document*,
and it was just as easy for him to read it there as
when it was sent back from the committee. Mr.
G. went on to show the advantages which the Go-
vernment derived from this improvement. The
money expended there had been returned fivefold
from the sales of the lands reclaimed. He also re-
ferred to the immense saving to the Government in
transportation of supplies to the forts above, wtrch,
as the documents would show, was upwards of
$40,000.
On motion of Mr. BEATTY,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, February 20,1840.
Mr. YOUNG presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of McDonough county, Illinois,
praying the establishment of a mail route-, which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of a
number of the citizens of the State of New York,
praying the enactment of uniform laws on the sub-
ject of bankruptc.es; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WHITE presented a resolution passed by
the Legislature of tbeSiateof Indiana, instucting
their Senators and requesting their Representatives
to use their exertions to procure the establishment
of a mail route; which was referred to the Com-
miuee on the Post Office and Post Roads, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. W. also presented a resolution of the same
body, instructing their Stnators and requesting
their Representatives to use their exertions to pro-
cure a grant of land for the construction and sup-
port of an asylum for the educat on and support of
the deaf, dumb, and blinü; which was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. NORVELL presented the memorial of a
number of officers of the line of the army, pray-
ing for equalization of emolument with the staff;
which was laid on the table.
Mr. WALKER submitted certa;n documents in
relation to the claim of Willis McDonald; which
were referred to (he Committee on Pensions.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Enoch
Evans, praying the confirmation of bis tit'e to a
tract of land; which was referred to the Committee
on Private Land Claims.
Mr. PORTER presented the proceedings of a
meeting held at Pontiac, in the Slate of Michigan,
praying for the abolition of slavery, &c. tbe motion
to receive which was,
On motion of Mr. KING, laid upon the tab'e.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial ©f the
Farmers and Mechanics Bank of Michigan, pray-
ing an extension of time for the payment of a debt
owing to the United States; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT, irom the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the bill making ap-
propriations for the payment of Revolutionary
pensioner.  for the year 1840, reported the same
with an amendment, which was considered and
agreed to.
The bill was then taken up by general consent,
read a third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of James M. Morgan was
taken up as in Committee of the Whole, considered,
and ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. NORVELL said there was a bill on the ca-
I   leudar, of very great importance to the ntw States,
I which he would ask the unanimous co.ifent of the
,   Senate now to take up for the purpose of making
it a special order.
The Senate having unanimously concurred, the
i bill making grants of public lands to certain States,
• for purposes of internal improvement, was  taken
up, and made the special order of the day for
Thursday, the 5th March.
Mr. NICHOLAS asked the unanimous aonsent
! of the Senate to take up the bill to revive the act
1 entitled "An act to enable claimants to lands with-
in the limits of Missouri and the Territory of Ar-
kansas, to institute proceedings to try the validity
1 of their claims," approved the 26th of May, 1824,
and an act amending the same, and extending the
provisions of said acts to claimants to lands within
the States of Louisiana an J Mississippi; which was
agreed to.
The bill was then taken up, and made the order
of the day for Monday, the 9th of March.
Mr. YOUNG, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked "and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the
establishment of an additional pension agency at
Springfield, Illinois, which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the message of the President
on the subject, reported a bill for regulating com-
mercial intercourse with the colony of Cayenne, in
French Guiana, and to remit certain duties; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. BETTS, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the petition of Lucy Eaton
and the petition of Aaron Payne, made unfavorable
reports thereon, and asked to be discharged from
j   their consideration;  which was agreed to.
Mr. PIERCE submitted the following resolution,
which, by unanimous consent, was considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of af-
fording Samuel Colt such aid as may enable him
to make further exper.ments in his late discoveries
and improvements in munitions of war.
!                            BILLS PASSED.
The following engrossed bills, viz:
The bill for the relief of Charies Morgan of Lou-
siana;
The bill for the relief of Joseph Cochran;
The bill for the relief of Alvarez Fisk and Ihe
legal representatives of Thomas P. Eskridge;
The bill for the íelief of the heirs and legal re-
presentatives of William Conway;
The bill fot the relief of Pierre Babin;
Tne bill for the relief of Joseph Campan;
The bill to confirm certain land c'aims in the
Greensbnrg land district, State of Louisiana;
The bill for the relief of James M. Morgan;
were taken up on their third reading, read a third
time, and pas.ed.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The report of the Select Committee on the as-
assumption of State debts by the General Govern-
ment was taken up, and Mr. SEYIER addressed
the Senate at length on the subject.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Clay of Kentucky to postpone the whole sub-
ject indefinitely, and was decided in the negative—
ayes 15, noes 27, as follows:
AYES—Messrs. Betts, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Mer-
rick, Porter, Prentiss, Rueeles, Smith of Indiana,
Spence, Tallmadge, and Whits—15.
