914
progressing with the business of the day, if the gen-
tleman would not consent to withdraw the appeal,
he would more to lay it on ihe table.
Mr. ADAMS declined withdrawing the appeal-
Mr. GRANGER rose to make an inquiry of ihe
Chair. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Banks] had made a motion, as Mr. G. understood,
to lay the appeal on the table. If that motion pre-
yailed, would it not carry the resolution with it?
[Cries of "Certainly, certainly."]
The SPEAKER had not responded to this in-
quiry, when
Mr. BANKS withdrew the motion.
And the question recurring on the appeal,
Mr. BRIGGS addressed the House at some length
in opposition to the decision of the Chair, urgin 
thai, in order to know whether a paper should be
printed or not, a member was entitled first to know
its contents, or that he must otherwise vote in the
dark. Not only had ihe House the right to discuss
in general terms the proceedings of a committee on
ihe motion to print, but every member had the
right to be present, and witness the proceedings of
the committee. He aereed with Mr. Banks that
they could not discuss the propriety of individual
votes of ihe members of the committee.
Mr. B. had not concluded when, ihe morning
hsur having elapsed, the House, on motion of
Mr. JONES of Virginia, called for the orders of
the day.
Mr.. GRAVES asked leave at this t'me to have
referred certain document*, which were read for
information, and which are as f jIIows:
Whereas an the 20th of last month a m amber of this House
addressed to the Postmaster Genera] the following letter:
Washington City, Jan. 30,1840.
Sir: In the coarse of some remarks I made in the House of
Representatives on yesterday, I staled that I had been informed
by a highly respectable gentleman of this city that be had
learned from a source in which he placed the most implicit con.
rjdenee, that a clerk in the General Post Office, at an annual
«alary of from twelve to fifteen hundred dollars, had gone to
Kentucky with a Tiew of establishing an Administration news-
paper at the seat of Government in that State, and that he had
not resigned his situation, but had hired a substitute at #40 per
month to perform his duties, whilst he 13 drawing his salary of
from one hundred to one hundred and twenty-five doll ore per
month from the Government.
I propose to write out and publish my remarks; but before I
do so, I nave thought it but just to you to afford you an oppor-
tunity to answer whether all or any portion of my information
be correct,.so that, if injustice has been done you, I may set the
matter right in my written remarks.
The individual to whom I had reference as having gone to
Kentucky to establish a paper is E. W. Robinson, formerly
postmaster at Winchester, Virginia, and the name of the sub-
situ te he has hired is HoIIis.
If my information be correct, it is proper the public should
be informed of it through the more authentic source; if incor-
rect, it is due to you than as early opportunity be afforded you
to contradict it. Therefore I submit to your consideration,
and respectfully ask you to respond, with as little delay as
your engagements will allow, to the following interrogato-
ries:
1.  Was E. B. Robinson recently a clerk in Ihe General Post
Office? and if so, at what salary?
2.  Does he still hold the same clerkship? and if not, when
did he resign it, and when did his pay cease? And if it has
ceased, have you officially informed him of it? And if so, was
it done in writing, or verbally? And whether before or after
he left this city for Kentucky?
3.    If he still hold the clerkship, who is, and has been, dis-
charging his duties since he left this city? and what compensa-
tion does his substitute receive?
Respectfully,                        W. J. GRAVES.
Hon. Amos Kbndai.l, Postmaster General.
To this letter the Postmaster General, on the following day,
responded as follows:
Washington, January 31,1840.
Hon. W. J. Gkavbs, H. R. Present:
Sia; I received this morning your letter of yesterday, alluding
to certain remarks affecting my official conduct, made by you
in the House on the preceding day.
In that letter you say: "I propose to write out and publish my
remarks; but, before I do so, I have thought it but just to you
to afford you an opportunity to answer whether all or any por-
tion of imy information be correct, so that if injustice has
been done you, I may set the matter right in my written re-
marks."
You then inform me that you had reference to the case of E.
W. Robinson, esq supposed to be a clerk in the Post Office De-
partment, who, it is said, is about to commence the publication
of a newspaper at Frankfort, Kentucky, and you put to me se-
veral specific interrogatories touching those matters, to which
you request my rep'y with as little delay as my engagements
will allow.
Now, sir, although I do not question the right of  member of
Congress to become the retailer, on the floor of the House, of the
false and malignant gossip which taints the atmosphere of this
city, I do deny his right to call on the party so slandered to aid
him in escaping the responsibility of reducing such slanders to
libels in a written speech.   I very much regret that this idea of
doing justice to me did not occur 10 you before you made your
attaclrin the House- You admit it to be "just" that I shall have
an opporiunity to make the truth known before your speech be
written.   Wasit less "jpst" that such an opportunity should be
afforded me before it was spoken?   If, before holding rae up as
a delinquent in duty hy remarks publicly uttered, to be noted by
aporten, and sewterwl by Jetter writer* ov r the whole union,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
on no better authority than the second hand "information of a
very respectable gentleman," you had done me the justice to in-
quire into their truth, I could have had no objection to putting
you in possession of all the facts of the case within my know-
ledge. As it is, I deem that justice to myself will be best pro-
moted by declining to ad you in making up for the public a
speech different from that you uttered on thefli>orof the House.
Respectfully,                                 AMOS KENDALL.
And whereas, on the 28th of last December, said Robinson
did, by letter, published in the Globe, íesign the offic ■ ol Presi-
dent of "7*Ae Democratic Association of the District of
Columbia," which letter of resignation and the reply thereto
are as follows:
"At a meetirg of the Democratic Association of the District
of Columbia, held on the 30th of December, 1839, the following
resignation was received:
Washington, Dec. 28, 1831.
To the menibers of the Democratic Association of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Gentlemen: Being about to take up mv abode in a distant
quarter of our country, the necessity devolves upon me of re-
signing the situation of President of your Association—a situa-
tion conferred upon me more through kindness than from any
merit of my own.    I cannot make'this communication, and
perform this act, gentlemen, without availing myself of the
privilege which it affords me of expressing to you the grateful
character of the feelings which your confidence in me has in-   \
spired—feelings of gratitude which will induce me to remem-   j
ber the members of this Associalion, collectively and indivi-   ■
dually, so long as I shall know how to appreciate the cheering   j
liberality of friends, or retain the remembrance of any kindly   I
act.                                                                                                   I
But, gentlemen, although about to separate myself from you, i
1 I beg you to be assured that I shall still number myself as a
soldier in the same good cause in which you are engaged; 1 hat I |
shall still be found doing battle in defence of our common prin- :
Ciples—in defence of those principles upon which we feel de- ,
pend our country's glory and ihe preservation of the liberty el'
I   the people of this ge-at nalion.
¡ ((The nature of the service, gentlemen, will not be chaneed by
i my removal; the field only in which it fa to be performed will.
Of one thing I beg you to be assured, and it is, that, wherever I
go, I shall not cease to use my utmost exertions ta advance the
principles of Democracy—the principles which jou and I have
been taught to believe are identified with all that is desirable in
our happy form ol government.
For the success of our Association, (for so I have the right to
call it until this letter is read,) I have felt, and shall continue to
feel, the most lively interest; and for the welfare and happiness
of its members, one and all, no one can entertain a greater anxie-
ty than he who now addresses you.
In giving you the parting hand, gentlemen, allow die to assuie
you that 1 am, sincerely, your fiiendand servant,
E. W. ROBINSON.
After a letter was react, a committee of three was appointed
1  to  prepare a response, which was composed of James H.
j  Smoot, Colonel Richard Coxe, and Benjamin Evans, who sub-
mitted the following,  which was unanimously adopted,  and
ordered to be signed by the officers of the Association   and
transmitted:
Washington, Dec. 30, 1830.
Sir . In retiring from the Presidency of the Democratic As
sociation of the District of Columbia, you bear with you the
best wishes of its members for your health, and happiness, and
usefulness.
Although they regret your absence from the Chair, in which
you have manifested so much suavity of manners, accompanied
by all the intelligence desirable in fulfilling its duties—duties
especially onerous, from the fact that the Association, being in
its infancy, required a presiding officer acquainted with pai lia-
liamentary usage, and in which you have been peculiarly hap- I
py; yet the circumstances attending your departure are of a '
character which forbid, on the part of the Association, any sel-
fish repinings; aware that in the more extended domain of use-
fulness laid open to your exertion, you will find a more abun-
dant demand for your energy, and a wider field for the exten-
sion of Democratic principles.
We take pleasure in recognising in you, sir, a constant and
unwavering friend of the Republican cause. The polls, the
press, the legislative councils, endorse your orthodoxy; and we
speed your onward march of usefulness in a field where the
vantage ground is now the enemy's, satisfied that no Democrat
could take the command of the Kentucky Argus, since a Ken-
dall directed its course, with a prospect of a mere sanguinary
battle, in which the skill of a veteran willhe required; and that
veteran we speed onward, in the name of our hallowed princi-
ples, even in you, sir, the first president of our infant Associa-
tion, to his duty—a «acred duty—which we cherish an abiding
faith will be fulfilled.
LUND WASHINGTON, Jr. First V. President.
THOMAS SPILLMAN, Second Vice President.
, WILLIAM H. DIETZ, Secretary.
JOSEPH M. MUNDING, Treasurer.
JESSE E. DOW, Corresponding Secretary.
To E. W. Robinson, Esq.
And whereas the said E. W. Robinson, on the said 28th of
last December, but one or two days before his departure from
this city to enter upon the duties of editor of his newly esta-
blished paper called "The Kentucky Yeoman," at Frankfort,
(Ky.) in erder to anticipate and realize the money before be left
for a portion of his salary as clerk in the General Post Office
Department for the year 1840, did draw, in favor of Charles
J. Nourse, of this city, an order, of which the following is a
"The agent for paying salaries in the Post Office Department,
will please pay to Charle* J. Nourse one hundred dollars on the
first day of February, 1839, In full of my salary f >rthe month of
January, and this shall be his receipt in full for the same.
December 28,1839.                            E   W. ROBINSON."
And as it appears from the fmrgoing facts that there is good
reason to believe that, previously to the departure of said Ro-
binson from this city, the Postmaster General agreed with him
that he (Robinson) should be continued as a clerk in his (the
Postmaster General's) office in this city, at asalaty of il,2C0
peryear, whilst he was to be permitted to reside and edit a party
paper at the seat of Government of the State of Kentucky, and
to employ a substitute, at about a third of his salary, to perform
his duties here:
And whereas, if the Postmaster General is in the corrupt
 rot¡c*ofpayiogoutoíUw public money two or three time  J
as much for the clerical duties performed in his office as the
persons performing them actually receive; whether the over-
pi us be all paid to the Postmaster General himself, or be equally
divided between him and his nominal clerk, or be all paid
over to a political friend and nominal clerk editing a paper in
a distant State; it is expedient that the subject should be ex-
aminedMnto, and reported on to this House, in order that the
compensation paid to clerks in the Post Office Department may
be reduced to a proper amount, and in order that the Pestmas-
ter General may be anaigned for malfeasance in office: there-
fore,
Resolved, That this whole subject be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Expenditures in the Post Office Department,
wilh instructions to examine into and report upon it to this
House, and that they have power to send for persons and pa-
pers.
The SPEAKER said the motion could only be
entertained by unanimous consent.
Mr. LEA.DBETTER wished to know if these
resolutions would be open to amendment. If so,
ha wished them to lie over.
Mr. ALBERT SMITH rising and objecting,
Mr. GRAVES moved a suspension of the rules,
and asked the yeas and nays, which were ordered;
and, being taken, were—Yeas 118, nays 82.
So the ru'e was not suspended, (two-thirds not
voiing iherefor.)
The Houf e then took up Ihe bill making appro-
priations for the payment of the Revolutionary and
oilier p.mioners- of the United States for the year
1840, which had been returned from the Senate
with an amendment authorizing ihe ieveral pen-
sion agents to administer ths oaihs required to be
taken, and 10 charge tke same fee as is allowed to
Slate officers for adminislrr ng similar oaths.
On motion of Mr. JONES of Virginia, the
amendment was concurred in.
Ths business next in order was ihe bill on the
Speaker's table making appropriations for the re-
moval of the Red river raft.
Mr. BEATTY, of Pennsylvania, was entitled
to the floor; bat, on the understanding that his ti-
tle thereto would not be affected if the subject was
laid over, he yielded to
Mr. SERGEANT, who moved that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union, for the purpose of taking
up the                                         /
J        CENSUS BILE-
Mr. SERGEANT movedyfhat the House re-
solve itself into a Commit'?* of the Whole on Ihe
stale of tbfe Union, for th^' purpose of considering
the b 11 fidm the Senate? to amend ihe act of the
last session for takingjne six'h census.
Mr. JCjNES of Virginia observed, that it bad
been bis) inientioif to ask the House to go into
Commiitife of the^Whole, for the purpose of con-
sidering ine bilMo continue the office of Comms-
sioner of Pennons.
Mr. SERGrEANT observed that there would be
ample limito consider both bills. The census
bill he did not suppose would occupy much time,
and the other bill could be considered immediately
after it, before the committee rose.
The SPEAKER having put the question ou Mr.
Sergeant's motion,
Mr. JONES of Virginia said he begged leave to
mention, before the question was taken, that there
was a bill from the Senate lying on the Speaker's
table, to continué the office of Commissioner of
Pensions, and that the law by which this office was
mated, expires on the first of March next. He
hoped, therefore, that this bill would be the first
tiken up.
The SPEAKER having stated that ihe motion
of ihe gentlemen from Pennsylvania had prece-
dence, the question was taken and decided in the
affirmative, and the House accordingly resolved
ít¿e f into a Committee of the Who'e, Mr. Banks
in the Chair, and look up the bill from the Senate
to amend th« act to provide for taking the sixth
census, &c.
Mr. CUSHING observed that it was his inten-
tion, the o her day, when the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Sergean] moved to go into
Committee of the Whole, for ihe purpose of con-
sidering this bill, to submit an amendment, intro-
ducing certain addhiunal items of statistical infor-
mation to be obtained by it. He had ascertained,
however, on inquiry at the State Departm?nt, that
most of the blanks had been printed and circu-
lated, and that great pract cal inconvenience would
result from introducing ihe additional items that he
