316
eo'kague did not correct him, be won Id take it
for granted that he had quoted the substance of his
remarks correctly. Now, he asked of his colleague
opon what authority he made this statement.   Mr.  !
W. said he knew the character of the marshal, and
that he was a bishly hcnorate man—respected in
the community  in which   he lived, and enjoyed
their confidence and esteem in the highest degree,
as was evidenced by their electing him to the high
and responsible  office of sheriff for ten or fif-   {
teen  successive   years.   There was not a man
ja   E M    Tennessee   who   enjoyed    a    higher
character.    Upon   what   grounds   did   his   col-
league,   thrn,   apeak   as   he   did   of such   a
nan?      Upon   mere   rumor?     He   hoped   the
gentleman    would   not    make    such    charges
against a citizen of his own State, upon no other
foundation than rumor.   Men's characters were
too sacred to be sported with, without soma belter
authority than his colleague had given.   When I
speak of a man's character, said Mr. W. I shall
«peak only of my own knowledge, or upon good
responsible testimony.  But it seemed that the mar-
ahal of East Tennessee was denounced by his col.
league ior making inquiries as to the politics of
those who applied to him for employment.   Now
he dtd not know if this was so very criminal, 01
wonhy of being made the foundation of so grave a
charge against the marshal; but his colleague, who
censored him so much for making those inquiries,
knew, or at least ought to know, that one-half, if
■ot more, of the office holders in East Tennessee, ;
and be might add (brought the State, belonged to the ¡
Whig party.   For his part, were he in the mar- j,
shal's place, be would not hesitate to make these ¡
inquiries; and  if be found a political friend who i
was as  well qualified, he would  bestow on him   J
the   appointment,   in   preference    to   giving   it
to  a   political  opponent.     But it   seemed tbat
one   Whig was promised an appoin'ment if he
would turn Democrat; aad, for the trifling salary
allowed an assistant marshal, he had changed his
politics.   Now rf this were so, the Whig was easily
bought up, and, in his opinion, the marshal made
a bad bargain of it; for be wanted no man in the
Democratic ranks who would change his politi-
cal creed for so pitiful a consideration.   We want
■n offices, nor the salaries attached to them, (said
Mr W.) to cany our elections in Tennessee next
fall.   We want nothing more than the principles   I
of our party and the confidence of the people in   '
the President that he will carry them out, to ensure   |
■s success.                                                                   j!
Mr. JAMESON said he held in his hand a letter ■ ¡
from the marshal of Missouri,   «tating that be
could not get competent assistants in  the several  !|
counties of the State to perform the duties required
by the act of last session, for the compensation al-
lowed; and that the census could not be taken in |
several of  the counties, unless a  higher   com- j
pensation was   given.    If the calculation given
to  the House   by  the   gentleman   from   Ver-
mont  was  correct,   as he   bad  no   doubt   bnt
it was, many of the assistants, so far from getting
enough to defray their expenses, wonld be losers
by the employment.   The marshal of his State in-
formed him that, in some of bis counties, there
would be no difficulty in getting assistants; but tbat
in others it would be impossible to take the census
at all without giving a higher compensation, and \
tbat be bad been obliged to give assurances to
several that he engaged, that endeavors would be |
made to obtain from Congress a more equitable re- j
muneration for their labor, in order to induce them
to accept the employment.   He did not know of
any question that could come a? before that House ,
without hearing the cry raised about Executive i
patronage and the interference of office holders
with the elections.   Now, he would say to the gen- !
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Carter] that, in the
State of Missouri, he had never heard of  the
question  being asked of an applicant for employ-
ment, whether he was a Whig or a Democrat,
though he well knew tbat a great many of the as-
sistants there were Whigs.   He heard, for the first j
time, too, that the ass'.«.tan t marshals were in the
Jkabit of going among the people to electioneer in
favor oí the Administration party.   Now be did
not belierr that a few dollars mora or less would
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
induce a man to take an active part in political
contests, unless his turn of mind influenced
him to it. The gentleman said that the marshal
of East Tennessee put questions to the applicants
to him for employment, to ascertain whether
they were Whigs or Democrats. He should
like to know if the gentleman was by the side
the marshal when he put these questions, and if
not, how he got his information with regard to the
facts he stated.
Mr. CARTER did not wish the gentleman to
misrepresent what he said. He did not speak of
facts within his own knowledge, but spoke of what
was an established and well grounded report, com- .
ing from the information of the most respectable
persons in the State.
Mr. JAMESON. Then it is report only from
which the gentleman speaks, and that report is to
be reverberated from this hall, and echoed in all
the Whig presses of the couniry. Were the cha- I
rasters ot men to be held np to public odium upon 1
mere idle rumors, without one solitary fact that
could be proved against them? With regard to the
amendment before the House, he wai surprised
that there should be any objection to it. The in-
formation to be obtained by these assistant mar-
shals was acknowledged by all to be highly impor-
tant and useful, and it had teen conclusively
shown that competent persons would not perform
the duties, in many parts of the country, for the
trifling compensation al'oweci. Sir, said Mr. J.
you can pay every officer oí this Government libe-
ral wages but those who perform the most labo-
rious duties. There were many counties in Mis-
souri of from 50 to 100 miles square, with a spaise
population; and in making up the statistical tables
for Missouri, which was a fine field for obtaining
such information, he did not believe tbat the as-
sistants could make one cent. They would have
to go round to every farmer's house and set down
how many barrels of corn and how many bushels
of wheat he made, how many children he sent to
school, and, in short, to write down every thing |
pertaining to his business or his family. I do '
hope, said Mr. J. that while you are paying your-
selves liberally, and every officer of the House li-
berally, that you will pay something like a fair
compensation to those who perform these arduous
duties.
Mr. CARTER of Tennessee said he was very
much surprised at the attack made on h'm by his
colleague, in defence of the marshal of East Ten-
nessee; for it must be supposed that he had a better
knowledge of the character and conduct of that
individual, from living in his immediate neighbor-
hood, than bis colleague could have, who lived in ,
another and distant part of the State. His col-
league said that this marshal was a man of cha-
racter and standing in society. Now he should
like his colleague to tell this House by what stan-
dard he estimated character and conduct. If his
colleague hid an intimate acquaintance with th's
individual, as he would infer from his remarks,
and knew his character well, and esteemed and
reputed him to be a gentleman, he was only as-
tonished that he occupied a seat on this floor. In-
deed it was conclusive to him that either his col-
league must be totally ignorant of the conduct and
character of this person, or that his constituents
did not know him. Now if bis colleague wanted to
know any thing of this marshal of East Tennessee,
let him go to the other end of ihe Capitol, and in-
quire of the 8enatorfrom his State, what were the
charges brought against him, previous to his ap-
pointment by the President, and his confirmat.on '
by the Senate.
The CHAIR here interrupted Mr. C. and told
him tbat his remarks were not in order.
Mr. WATTERSON moved that hi* colleague
be perm'tted to speak in his own way; and Ihe
question being put to the House, it was decided in
the affirmative.
Mr. CARTER continued. With regard to this
marshal of East Tennessee, he would observe that
if any gentleman wanted to be informed as to his
character, he might be so by going to the enly
Senator from Tennessee, in the other end of the
Capitol. As far as his information extended, that
individual did sot sustain a character for strict in-
Tl                !                     I                        i                                         i                     .
tegrity, before his appointment to lh« office he
hold?. There were very serious charges made
against him, and that, too, by the most respectable
men in Tennessee. He did not stand here as the
accuser of that individual; but when he conceived
it necessary for the public interests, he was at all
times ready to speak om. But the attacks made
on him by his colleague, reminded him of a story
he had heard relating to a horse race, got up be-
tween a white man and an Indian. When the
horses were on the ground, and about starting, the
Indian, after examining his antagonist's horse, pro-
posed mounting behind its rider, and then, said he,
we can whip him on two sides at the same time.
This was the case with the gentleman frornMissouri
and his colleague; they both wanted to mount him at
the same time. To return to the subject of this
marshal; Mr. C. said it was well known in his sec-
tion of the country that there was not a single ap-
poinlment conferred upon any individual who was
not a member of the Admistration party, except
one, and that one was a Whig who agieed to change
his politics, and go over to the support of ihe pai ty
in power. This fact, he ihought, ought to be suffi-
cient evidence to the gentleman from Missouri that
the pay of these deputy marshals was too high.
One other fact he would mention. One marshal in
a German settlement, after eulogizing the head
of the Administration, did come out and
say to one of the farmers, that if he
would agree to support that Administralion, he
would be compensated. The German indignantly
rejected the proposal, and said that he never was
so insulted before in his life. Now, sir, said Mr.
C. as to this marshal of East Tennessee, I have no
confidence in him; and be so expressed him-
self to the Senator from his State when he
applied to him for information concerning him;
and he expressed himself in this way be-
fore his appoinment was confirmed by the
Senate. He had, on 'hat occasion, informed the
Senator that the man did not sustain a fair charac-
ter; and he was then asked in what particular, and
how he obtained his information. He had satisfied
the Senator on the first point; and further told him
tbat he got his information from general rumor in
that section of the country. He had said that he
knew nothing of «his marshal of his own know-
ledge, but that he derived his information, wiih re-
gard to him, from as reputable men as any in the
country. Yet, in opposition to the information he
had thus given, ihe Senate had confirmed the ap-
pointment.
Mr. JAMESON said he wished to correct an er-
ror into which some gentlemen had fallen. In ths
counties of Missouri, which were considered a
densely populated, under the constrnction given to
the act of the last session, the marshal will have no
right to expend this five dollars for every additional
one hundred peisons. In such counties the as-
sistants would only get two dollars, and the mar-
shal stated that he could not get competent persons
for that sum. In the sparsely populated counties,
however, they would get the five dollars, and theie
the marshal would have no difficulty in employing
assistants. ____
Mr. WATTERSON observed that his colleague
[Mr. Carter] was very much mistaken in sup-
posing that he had made an attack on htm. He had
endeavored to defend a citizen of his State from
an unjnst and unnecessary attack made on his cha-
racter by his colleague, and th;s his colleague con-
strued into an attack on him. It was no such
thing. He had simp'y replied to the charges made
against an absent and deserving individual. It
was far from bim, Mr. W. said, to attack his col-
league personally; he had no such intention; but
when he heard such severe censures cast upon the
marshal of East Tenness;e, another colleague of
his, [Mr. Blackwell,] who personally knew the
individual thus implicated, assured him that his
character stood as lair as that of his colleague him-
self, or of any individual in Tennessee, not even
excepting ihe gentleman's "Cato at Kn x-
ville. He did not pnfess to bs acquaint-
ed wi'h this gentleman himself, bnt from
the informat on of bis colleague, [Mr. Black-
wíll.I he wis sat sfied that he v/as a wor-
thy and respectable man. In further support of this
