CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
917
gentleman's character, he would alio refer to his
friend from Indiana, now the Democratic candidate
for Governor of that Sta'e, who had lived in Tennes-
see for many yeais, and knew him well enough to
endorse, his character. But it seemed, according
to the statements of his colleague, that some
charges were made against this individual pre-
vious to the confirmation of bis appointment by
the Senate; but he was acquitted with honor, for
he received the appointment. It was easy enough
to make charges against men's characters. He
could make charges against his colleague; but it
was one thing to mike charges, and another thing
to support ihem. Sir, (said Mr. W.) if mere
charges could prostrate men, the whole Demo-
cratic party would go down; for they have been
denounced again and again as corruptionis's, the
spoils party, with other vituperative epithets ap-
plied to taem. He regretted that his colleague
should have made those charges against an indi-
vidual after he had been honorably acquitted by
one of the highest tribunals of the country. I do
not know (said Mr. W.) wheiherthese deputy mar-
shals are paid too much or not enough; and, there-
fore, have not made up my mind how 1 shall vole on
thb questi in. His colleague had treated the House
to a story about a horse race, which he was not for-
tunate enough to hrar the whole ot. The application,
however, reached him, and that was, that he and
the gentleman from Missouri- loth jumped upon
bis colleague at the same time. Now, he would
suggest that the metaphor of his colleague was not
a very inappropriate one, ao he was known in his
district as "the big biacfc horse!!"
Mr. McCLELLAN did not rise to take part in
the discussion of the immediate question before the
House, but having heard insinuations made on this
fl «or against the Marshal of East Tennessee, whom
he knew to be a highly respectable and worthy man,
he felt it his duty to rise and defend him.   His
colleague, [Mr. Carter] had not only made charges
against the Marshal, but had said that his appoint-
ments generally were men of bad charac er, such
as no confidence could be placed in.   Mr. M. said,
so far as his knowledge extended, they were men of
good character.     As respec's these men whs were
appointed in his district, be averred that they were
men   of   unimpeachable   character.    And  fur-
ther, he could not remain silent in his seat when he
heard it asserted that any of his fellow-citizen*,
even if they were Whigs, were willing to sell their
consciences for the pitiful consideration of the office
of deputy marshal in a mountainous district, and
where the labors were so great that they would hard-
ly be able to make their daily expenses.   Indeed,
when they came to see the number of interrogato-
ries they were called on to propound, and the ex-
tent of the duties required tf them, many would
throw up their employments.   His colleague, [Mr.
Carter] charged that the marshal ol East Tennes-
see had used his office for party purposes; and had
promised employment to various individual?, on
condition that ¡hey would change their politics, and
come out in support of the Administration.   I will
not take up the time of the House, said Mr. M. by
entering into a labored defence of the individual
thus assailed; I know him to be an honorable and
respectable man, and  that he held for a  num-
ber of )ears the sheriffalty of one of the most
popaloos   counties   in   my   colleague's  district,
to  which   office   he   was   elected   by   the  suf-
fragis «f his fellow-citizens.   In the discharge of
the duties of that office he was universally known
as a c rrect, amiable, and business man.   But he
sustains a bad character in the eyes of my colleague,
for he is an active and influential man in his dis-
trict, and went against my colleague with all the
zeal and eneigy he possessed, and that was enough
to ensure his condemnation.     But the charge?,
however, against this individual, which were now
so gravely spoken  of, first originated in a utile
newspaper, and fiom  thence found their way to
the Senate (f the United States. Now he did not
hear of these charges whin they were before the
Senate;   nor   did   he   believe    there   were   any
charges  made   before   the   Senate   at   the  time
that   his   appointment  was confirmed   by   that
body; but inquiiies having been made of h:m re-
specting ihe marshal's character, by one of the
Senators of his State, he gave him all the informa-
tion in his power, and then wrote home for further
information, and the answers he received were
from some of the best men in Green county, fully
endorsing the character of the individual in every
particular. But his colleague said that some of
the applicants for office in his State had changed
their politics, and had been bought over by the
pitiful consideration of a paltry office. Now, he
would mention one fact he knew in relation to
this subject. There were two applicants for the
employment of deputy marshal in his district, one of
whom was a Whig, and the other a Democrat.
The marshal wrote to him, inquiring which of these
two was best qualified for the employment, and
he not having sufficient information on the subject,
referred the matter to the people of the neighbor-
hood, by whom he was informed that the Whig was
the best qualified; and on his slating this to the
marshal, the Whig received the appoiniment. With
regard to the compensation of these assistants, he
would observe that their labors had been increased
one hundred per cent, more than what they were in
1830. They must take down from every farmer
the number of bushels of corn and wheat he makes,
with the number ofyardsol'c'cthmadeby his wife.
He was for economy in its fullest extent; but he did
not think that true economy consisted in withhold-
ing from the laborer his hire. His wished to give
to every man a fair compensaiion for the labor he
performed. He must aaain express his regrets that
the marshal of East Tennessee had been dragged
before the House in this way. Frem his knowledge
of him, as well as from information derived from
the most respectable sources, he was satisfied that
he was a very clever businessman, and ol the high-
est respectability. The very circumstance of his
being elected to a lucrative and responsble office
by the suffrages ot his fellow-cit'zens, and that he
held that office for many years, was of itself a high
recommendation in his favor. He was, moreover,
advantageously known as a prominent member of
oue of our moit respectable religious societies.
Mr. CARTER here interrupted Mr. M. and said
he wished to give him one evidence of the disin-
terestedness of this gentleman.
Mr. McCLELLAN could not give way to his
colleague. He knew the circumstance to which
his colleague wished to allude. It was the refusal
of the marshal to let the Whig party use the
church of which he was a member, for a Whig
meeting, and for making Whig speeches in. Now
he knew (Mr. M. said) that the Marshal was a
strong parly man, and went zealously for his party
and his principles; but did that make him a rascal
in the estimation of his colleague'? His colleague
was a strong party man, and was he a rascal for
that reason? [Much laughter.] Mr. M. said
he was not gifted with fluency of language—he was
not a lawyer or professional man, but a farmer, ac-
customed to plainness of language as well as to
plain dealing. He had ¡>at silent here for years
listening with patience to the remarks of other gen-
tlemen, even when tedious and out of place; and
he would not have said a word at ths time, had it
not been for the uncalled-for attack upon one of his
constituents.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dawson's
arm ndment, and it was rejected.
Mr. PETRIKIN then offsred the following, to be
prefixed as a preamble to the bill:
Whereas the members of the last session of the Twenty-
fifth Congress deferred doing much of the important business
of the country until the last day of the session, and on that day
were compelled to act without deliberation for want of time;
and whereas, among other acts thus passed, the act authorizing
the taking of the census within the United States has been
found so imperfect that it cannot be executed—therefore, to
remedy those imperfections produced by said defective legisla-
tion and neglect of duty of said members of Congress, Be it
enacted, &c.
Mr. DAWSON expressed his regret that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania should have sub-
mitted a motion so disrespectful to the body of
which he was a member. He considered tuch
proceeding as one unworthy of the House, and
that it ought to meet the decided disapprobation
of every member of it. If we act (said he) as a
body, every memoer of Congress is proportionably
responsible for the proceedings in which he partici-
pates, and therefore each one must feel ihat some
thare of the censure implied in this preamble ap-
plies to himself. He had looked (Mr. D. said)
to the course of the House frequently with much
disapprobation; but, though he eou'.d not approve
of all its acts, yet ke could not sit silent and per-
mit one member to attack his associates in this
way. We represent the American character, and
therefore should all unite in preventing re-
proach from being cast upon it. For one,
he (Mr. D.) considered the motion as a great
indignity offered to this House by one of
its older members, and one who had participated
in the proceedings which he so unsparingly cen-
sures. Sir, said Mr. D. I appeal to you and to
those who have been longer on this floor than I
have, whether there are not a few individuals here
who have been mainly instrumental in causing the
confusion and disorder that have sometimes prevail-
ed in the House. There are a few here, as there al-
ways are in large bodies, whose irregularities nave
done much to injure the character of this body.
But should censure, therefore, attach to the whole;
was that any reason why such insinuations should
be spread upon the records of the country, and that,
too, by an actor in thi proceedings he condemns?
Mr. D. concluded by saying that he bad never wit-
nessed a stronger indignity offered to a legislative
body than this resolution, which was not even ex-
pected by the mover to be adopted, and he hoped
the gentleman would withdraw it, with a becoming
apology to the House.
Mr. PETRIKIN observed that the gentleman
from Georgia was mistaken when he said that he
participated in the scenes which took place at the
close of the session. This was not true. He, at
that time, told the House that he highly condemned
such course of proceeding, and opposed them
step by step in their progress. As to the preamble'
now offered, there was r.ot only nothing in it dis-
respectful to the House, but it was a plain and cor-
rect statement of facts. If there was any thing dis-
respectful in it, let the gentleman from Georgia
point out what it was. He knew, Mr. P. said,
that many things were done here at the close of the
last session, which were disgraceful to members as
individuals, to the^House, and to the country. Does
the gentleman expect them to be kept secret and
concealed from the country, or that membeis were
bound to secresy by oaths similar to freemasons?
If he did, Mr. P. said he did not agree to hi* doc-
tiine. He did nothing here Ihat was not fit for the
public eye. Did not the gentleman recollect the
fact that an item of $16,000 was struck out of the
general appropriation bill by a vote of the House,
and that it was afterwards, surreptitiously, or by
mistake, inserted iu the Clerk's room, and then
passed by the House sub silenlio, without any body
knowing any thing about it? Did he not know
that thousands of dollars were vo'ed away at the
close of every session, when many members were
not in a situation to know what was done or do-
ing in matters of the utmost importance to
the people in various quarters of the Union?
Were these things to be concealed from the Ame-
rican people, and was he to be denounced as having
offered an indignity to the body for calling its at-
tention to them? He would tell the gentleman that
such denunciations fell harmless to the ground, and
that he cared as little for his blast of wind as the
gentleman did for his charges. I never, said Mr.
P. participated in the scenes that disgraced the
close of the last session. The previous session I
left the House in disgust on the occurrence of si-
milar scenes. In offerng his preamble he had no
intenton of offering an indignity to ihe House.
He drew it up in such plain and intelligible lan-
guage as he was capable of, and did not go to
Tom, Dick, and Harry, to consult wi'h them as to
what phraseology he should use. He was «ot an
adept in using language to mystify falsehoods, and
make them appear l'ke truths. He stood here as
the Representative of independent and intelligent
freemen, and as such, did not feel it necessary to
consult any man here as to the course he should
pursue. He considered it his right and duiy to op-
dose such hasty and improper legislation, in which
they not only voted away thousands cf dollars, but
disgraced themselves; and knew that he should be
sustained by his constituents for so doing. Mr. P.
said before he resumed his seat he would give no 
