aso
uoq which shall not then have arisen.   But all I
debt , not parable till a iuture day, may be pn.ved |
is the bankruptcy, and paid pro rata, with proper
ab*iea tn  uv inteicst or discount.
11. Aaf person proceeded against as an invo-
htmary bankrupt, to be entitled, at his election, to
mal by jury, to ascertain the fact of such bank-
ruptcy.
19  No prr.-on to be entitled to a discharge,
who shall be proved to have lost, within------)ears
before his bankruptcy, by any gaming, waging, or
betting of any kind, whether at one or more times,
the ■-■  of------dollars
13.  The circuit court in each district to establish
a rate of fees for the orhrers ot the circuit court and
(k-in:i court, in all eases in bankruptcy; and ihose
rates to be published.
14.  The act to continue in force iva J ears, and
until the then next «evion « f Congress.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he rose to make a sug-
gestion to the Senator from Massachusetts and to
the members of the Judiciary Committee on this
important subject, which he hoped they would take
loio  efious consideration in framing a bankrupt
bill       In the session of 1821, *2—the session in
which be first entered the House of Representa-
tives—there was a bankrupt bill before that body,
which was extensively dscussed.   At the first, his
impressions were favorable to its passage; but ihey
had undergone a   chance   before  question   was
finally taken, and he had made a   speech,   and
voted    against   the adoption  of   that   measure.
This change was   produced  by   the  arguments
of a distinguished member from Sooth Carolina,
(Mr. Lowndes,) now no more, who, in his e*nma- '
Uon, possessed more political information and better i
matured practical wisdom, than any other states- '
man he had ever known.   Mr. Lowndes was then
in a sta'e of such feeble health   that he had not
physical strength sufficient to enable him to present
his views at lane to the House, though, according
to his best recollection, he had mad-; the attempt,
and was  obliged to desist.   He   bad, however,
conversed with him freely upon the subject.
His chief objection to the bill then before the
House,according to Mr. R's best recollection, was
that the bankrupt law of England was not at all
applicable to this, country. That from the extent
ot ibe United Stafs, and the few F. deral courts
wh<eh existed, it must in practice prove an intole-
rable burden to ihe people. That all the judicial
business involved in the settlement of a bankrupt
estate, must necessarily be drawn into these courts,
and they were at such a distance from a large pro-
portion of tbe people, that the attendance of par-
ties, jurors, and witnesses, upon them, would be
exceedingly oppressive. And that the difficulties
thus ¡deposed to tbe attainment of justice, would
prevent justice from being done in the lettlement cf
bankrupts' estates. These points Mr. B. had at-
tempted to enforce in tbe remarks which he had |
made in opposition to the bill.                                  i
Mr. Lowndes stromly enteriaineJ the opinion I
that a bankrupt law, founded upon tbe pnac pies of i
the civil law, would be made more applicable to '•
thi* c >untry than the English bankrupt system.   He '
was in favor of a cttti* btmtrmm—a voluntary as-
signment by the bankrupt of his effects, m trust for !
the benefit of all his cred.tors; and then if a large >
majority of these creditors in number and value, '
believed that he bad acted honestly, and were wil-
1 ng to release him, this should be binding upon the
minority.   Such a law would in a great degree
créente rtíel/, and would relieve the community
from tbe cumbrous and distant machinery of the
Fe*V'al conrts.
He merely threw out these suggestions from me-
mory, which, after so long a lapse of time, m ght
be imperfect.
The lemarks of the Senator from Massachusetts i
were entitled to grave attention.    He should eive ¡
the subject all the impartial consideration which
i's importance demanded; and he would say in ad-
vance, that if his opinions shruld undergo a change,
and it was very . o<sible they might, he would not '
be deterred from changing his vo'e for the sake ef
preserving his character from the imputation of m- t
consistency.    He trusted that Ihe bill which might !
new be presenled, would be much more simple in ¡
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
us form, and direct in its provisions, than the bill
against which he had formerly voted.
Mr. TALLMADGE also presented a memorial
on the subject «f a bankrupt law; which, after
«orne remarks in favor of the objf ct of the petition-
ers, w a  referred to the Committee on the Jud:-
cary.
Mr. WALL saul he would make a remaik or
two m reply to the suggestions of the gentleman
who had spoken on thu> subject. He was deeply
impressed with its importance, and| thought that
the time had amved when Congress should per-
form their constitutional obi gations in regard to it.
The committee had not been unmindful of their
duty, but would in a short time Eive Senators an
oppjitunity of making known their views on the
subject.
Mr. FULTON presented the memorial of cer-
tain citizens of Arkansa , praying to be allowed to
locate a quantity of land, to be applied to the pur-
I poses  of  education; which  was referred to  the
Committee on the Public Lands.
I Mr. YOUNG presented the memorial of the Ga-
I lena Chamber ol Commerce of the Sta'e of llli-
i nois, praying that Galena may be made a port of
| entry and delivery; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and orJeted to be pnntsd.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented the petition of
the hens of John Scraegs and James Scraggs;
which «as referred to the Comm'ttte on Revolu-
tionary Claims.
Mr. BETTS presented the petition of James i
Rhinehart; which was referred to ihe Committee I
on Claims.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a memorial renion- j
strattng against the use of bloodhounds in the Flo- |
rida war; which was l<ud on the table.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of Thomas   |
Rhodes and otheis, praying for the establishment
of a Congress of Naiuns; wheh was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the memorial of a
number of citizens of Cumberland county, Maine,
praying for a similar object as the foregoing; which
was referred to the same committer.
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of the
Mayor, Recorder, and Common Council of George-
town, in the District of Columbia, praying an ex-
tension of their chai ter on ihe subject of taxation;
a renewal of the charter of the Farmer's and Me-
chanic's Bank of Georgetown; the erection of a
permanent stone bridge across Rock Creek at the
western extremity cf Pennsylvania avenue; remon-
strating against any Junher obstructions to their
commerce on the Potomac river; and the establish-
ment of a fund for the purposes of education in the
District of Columbia; which were referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. M. also presented the petition of the widow
of Samuel Walker, deceased, praying a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. STURGEON presented ihtee memorials of ,
citizens of Philadelphia, severally praying an ap- I
propriation for the erection of a new custom-house i
at that plaee; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. STURGEON presented five petitions of citi-
zens of Alleghany county, Pa. praying for the
abolition of the s'ave trade. The motion to receive
was,
On motion by Mr. FULTON, ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. PRENTIS3 presented the memorial of A.
Partridge and others] in behalf of ihe Military
Convention ass°mbled at Norwich, Vt.; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented the memo-
rial of Chaancey Hall, repres^nurg certain defects
in the law authonz n? the issuing of patents, and
praying that a patent may issue in his favor for the
discovery of a process by which cast iron may be
tempered; which was referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
On motion by Mr. LUMPKIN, five memorials,
which were heretofore referred to the Committee
on Manufactures, were referred to the Crramittee
on Finance.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Po^t Roads, to which was referred
tin petition of William Walker, made an adverse
report thereon.
Mr. BUCHANAN offered the following reso-
lution for the consideration of the Senate.
Rtsolved, That a select committee be appoin'ed
for the purpose of inqutrmg into the expedtency of
proposing to the Slates such an amendment to the
Federal Constitution as will secure a Urge specie
basis for the circulation of the country, by pro-
hibiting the issue and circulation of bank notes,
and other paper currency, of denomination? so
low as to prevent the circulation of gold and silver
iq the oid.naiy transactions of business, and in
payment of the wages of labor.
A message was received from the House of Re-
presentatives, by Mr. Garland, iheir Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed the bill to
amend the act to provide for taking the sixth cen-
sus, with an amendment. [The amendment was
to reduce the salary of the pnnc pal clerk from
two thousand to fifteen hundred dollars.]
On motion by Mr WALL, the bill was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The resolution from the Select Committee on the
assumption of the debts of the States was then
taken up, and Mr. PHELPS addressed the Senate
at length on the subject.
On motion by Mr. CHITTENDEN, the subject
was then passed over informally.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Madame
De Lusser and their legal representatives, was read
a third time, and parsed.
The bill for the relief of Juan Belgar;
The bill for the relief of Daniel Marsaque;
The bill for the ielief of Joseph Bogy;
The bill for the relief of Sebastian Butcher, and
the heirs or legal representatives of Bartholomew
Butcher, Michael Butcher, and Peter Bloom; and
The bill to settle the tule to certain tracts of land
in the State of Arkansas;
were severally taken up as in Committee of the
Whole, considered, and ordered to be engrossed.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was referred the bill from Ihe
House of Representatives to amend the act to pro-
vide for taking the sixth census or enumeration of
the inhabitant of ihe United Sta'es, approved
March 3, 1839, repotted the same to the Senate,
wi h a recommendation that the amendment of the
House be not concurred in.
After some remarks from Messrs. DAVIS and
PRESTON in opposition to the motion of Mr.
Wall,
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he thought that
fifteen hundred dollars was an ample compensation
for the services required nnder the provisions of
this act. He was glad to hear the remaiks in favor
of retrenchment and economy coming from the
quarter they did, and he could assure the gentle-
men they should have his support, and he would
go hand m hsnd with them in all their measures
for this object. He hoped that the amendment of
the House would be concurred in.
Mr. TAPPAN raid that as the office was but a
temporary one, we should lake that fact into con-
sideration when determining what would be a pro-
per amount of comp;nsaiion. He thought that if
they could get a competent person to perlorm these
setvic s for fifteen hundred dollar-, they wou'd not
be justified in giving a greater sum.
Mr. WALL faid that his ideas of ecenomy wtre
probably differentfrom those of other gentlemen. He
was willing to piy talent and industry,when engaged
in our service, a fair compensation. When he began
to economize, he would not do it by subtracting a
small amount from the pittance paid to our clerks
for the labor they perform. We would, lo be sure,
put the few cents saved in this manner into the
Treasury, and it might form a subject of boasting
to some Senators for their great exertions in favor
of economy; but, for himself, he could take neither
pride nor satisfaction in the reflection of having
participated in it.
After some further remarks from Messrs. KING
and WHITE, the question was taken on concurring
