CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
&&
Resolved, That the Committee on the Public Lands be in-
«rusted to inquire into the expediency of dispensing with the
present land offices at Marietta, Stuebenville, and Wooster, irt
the State of Ohio, and atiachiBg those districts 10 the Louisville
land district, in said State.
On motion of Mr. McCLELLAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of dispensing with making of pens
for the House of Representatives; and that they also inquire
into the expediency of retrenching the contingent expenses of
the House generally.
OnmotionofMr.CHINN,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be required to
inform this House as soon as practicable, why no patents have
been issued to the claimants to, or purchasers of, lands in the
St. Helena or Greensburg district, in the State of Louisiana, to-
gether with copies of all the correspondence between the Conir
missioner of the General Land office and the Surveyor General
of the United States for the State of Louisiana in relation to the
final completion of the surveys and adjustments of land claims
in said district; and that he al30 communicate copies of all in-
structions, or letters, to the register and receiver pf said dis-
trict, in relation to the suspension of sales of land in said dis-
trict by prívale entry, with the reasons for such suspension, if
any. Also, to communicate whether any appropriations have
been made by Congress in the years 1836, IS37,1838, or 1839,
for the purpose of prosecuting or completing the surveys in
Louisiana, and particularly in the aforesaid district, specilying
the amount of each appropriation, and whether any portion of
the same has been expended in making the surveys in said dis-
trict; and, if so, how much. Also, whether the Department
have included, in the estimates for the present yeai submitted
to Congress, any appropriation for making surveys in said dis-
trict; il so, if it is the intention of the Department to expend
tile appropriation, if it shall be made, in resurveying claims or
lands heretofore surveyed.
OnmetionofMr. CRABB,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing by law for the ac-
commodation ol the District Court of the United States, while in
session at the city of Tuscaloosa.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing a mail route, with a daily line of post coaches, from
Athens, Georgia, through the valley of the Tenn ssee river,
and the northern counties of Mississippi, to the Mississippi
river.
On motion of Mr. J. W. DAVIS,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of allowing the claim of J. Wilson,
of Indiana, for a horse lost in the service of the United States in
the year 1313.
On motion of Mr. C. JOHNSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
inquire into the propriety of paying the heirs of Harriet Barnes
the amount due him as a Kevolutionary pensioner, up to th4
time of his death.
Mr. C. II. WILLIAMS submitted the following, which lies
over:
Resolved, That a select committee of--------members be ap-
pointed to inquire into the propriety and expediency of abolish-
ing the Military Academy at West Point, and establishing ami
litary school o/application and practice for the improvement of
the officers of the army of the United States in the application
and practice, for military purposes, of the several branches of
elementary and theoretic sciences involved in the art of war,
with leave to report by bill or otherwise.
O i motion of Mr. J. W. DAVIS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a mail route from Terre Haute to.Bloomtield, Indiana, upon
the South I-ouisville road.
On motion of Mr. JAMESON,
WResolved, That the application of Elizabeth Young for the
allowance of a claim of her deceased husband against the Go-
vernment, for services rendeied under the order ol the Govern-
ment in taking the number of the Cherokees in Arkansas, be
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs; of A. Hudspath,
lor a special pre emption to a certain tract of land therein men-
tioned, to the Committee on on the Public Lands; of Tailton
Ellege and James White, for a grant of a certain quantity of
land, to the Committee on the Public Lands; of James Evans,
Jacob Groom, and James Aleorn, lor an application for depre-
dations committed by the peace party of the Sac and Fox In-
dians on their property in Missouri, during the late war, to the
Committee on Indian Affairs; of H. S. Chalmer, in relation to
claim on the Government, as heir of his father, for property
burned in Washington city during the late war, to the Commit-
, ee of Claims; of Samuel Glachiez, for a special pre-emption, to
the Committee on the Public Lands; and of Henry Underbill,
for a special pre-emption, to t!ie Committee on the Public
Lands, together with the papers referring to each.
On motion of Mr THOMAS SMITH,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a cross mail'
route from Lawrenceburg, Indiana, a point oh the great mail
route from the city of Cincinnati to Indianapolis, to Vernon, a
fioint on the mail mute from the city of Madison, Indiana, to
ndianapolis, and at present the termination of the Madison and
Indianapolis railroad, including the following intermediate
places, viz.—Aurora, Wilmington, the county seat ol Dear-
borne county; and Monshell, Versailles, the county seat of Rip-
ley county; and New Marion: the mail to be conveyed on said
route three times a week, in four-horse coaches, if, in the opi-
nion of the Postmaster General, the resources of the Depart-
ment and the business of the country will justify it; if not, then
in a two-horse stage coach daily.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roadsi inquire into the expediency of establishing a mail route
from New Trenton, in Franklin county, Indiana, via Sunman's,
to Napoleon, in Ripley county; the mail to be carried in such
manner as the Postmaster General shall direct.
On motion of Mr. PROFF1T,
_ Si"ilve,d'That lhe °°<nmittee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be duectcd to inquire into the expediency of establishing a
four-horse stage rsute from Evansville,via Boonville.Petersburg,
Washington, tolndianapoli , in Indiana; also, from Evansville,
via Prince, to Petersbure, Washington, to Bloomington, in Indi-
an ; also, from Rockpprt, in Spencer county, via Gentry ville, to
Washington, in Davies county, Indiana; also, from Troy, in
Perry county, via Jasper, in Dubois county, to Washington, in
1'aviee county.
On motion of Mr. WHITE,
Resoived, That the Committee on the Public Lands inquire
into the expediency of reviving the law authorizing the proprie-
tors of front lands, in Louisiana, to enter the back lands of the
same?
Mr. A. V. BROWN submitted the following, which lies over:
Joint resolution to amend the Constitution ol the United States
in relation to the election of President.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United ¿Males of America in Congress assembled, two-
thirds of both houses concurring, That the following amendment
to the Constitution of the United States be proposed to the Le-
gislatures of the several States, which, when ratified by the
Legislatures of three-fourths of the States, shall be valid to all
intents and purposes, as part of the Constitution, to wit:
No person who shall hereafter be elected, and shall serve
the period of four years, or any part thereof, as President of
the United States, shall be again elegible to that office.
Mr. REYNOLDS submitted the following, which lies over:
Resolved, That the committee on the Public Lands be au-
thorized to inquire into the expediency of granting to the ¡Mate
of Illinois for the use of the public improvements in said State,
each alternate secti m of the public land on which the several
railroads are located,  r the whole of the public lands yet un-
sold, on condition the State pay over to the General Govern-
ment one-third of the amount that would arise from the sale of
the same.
Mr. CARTER offered the following, which lies over:
Whereas the title toa portion of the public domain or lands
owned by the United States was derived from several of the
States, by deeds of cession providing that such lands should be
held as a common fund for the use and benefit of all the States
of this Union, according to their usual respective proportions
in the general charge and expenditure, and should be faithfully
and bona fide disbursed for that purpose, and for no other use
or purpose whatsoever; and wheneverthe title to the residue of
said domain was acquired by treaty or purchase of foreign
States, to meet which and to extinguish Indian title large sums
of money have been paid out of the public Treasury, which
moneys were a part of the proceeds of the lands ceded by the
said States for specific purposes, and in part were collected of
the tax-paying citizens of the whole country: and whereas the
national debt which we were compelled to contract on account
ol the Revolutionary war, (.and for the extinguishment of which
the States ceded their lands, reserving to themselves and the
other S ates the residue,) and also on account ef the late war,both
of which were waged to assert our liberties, and to vindicate
our honor and our right, has been fully paid and extinguished:
and whereas it is believed that, by rigid economy in all
branches of the public service, the customs and other sources
of revenue, exclusive of the avails of the public lands, will
be abundantly adequate to meet all the necessary wants of the
General Government: and whereas experience proves that
whatever may be the revenue of a nation, the expenditures
will be made to cover, if, they do not exceed, that revenue, and
the only way to enforce a just and necessary economy is to
prevent an accumulation ol money in the Treasury beyond a
bare sufficiency to meet the real and necessary wants of that
Government: and whereas the authorities of this Union held
the said lands in trust for the sole use and benefit of the peo-
ple of the States of this Confederacy, and it is the impera-
tive duty of Congress to execute the said trust in good faith, and
i.i accordance with said written agreements and contracts, and
to cause the proceeds of said lands to be applied for the use
aforesaid, by dividing the same among all the States of the
Union upon equitable and fair principles : and whereas the
Serformance of that duty at the present time will enable the
tates to foster their systems of common schools, to under-
take, sustain^ and prosecute works of internal, improvement,
lessen the taxes upon the people, and in a variety of ways will
promote the prosperity and happiness of the people of this
Union: Therelore,
Resolvtd, That a select committee of one member fiom each
State shall be raised, whose duty it shall be to inquire into the
expediency and propriety of distributing the proceeds of the
sales of the public lands which shall hereafter accrue among
the several States of this Union; and whether said States should
he required, upon making such division, to apply the avails, or
any part thereof, to anyone or more objects; and whether, in
the event that the revenue from the receipts of the customs
andoiher sources shall bj estimated to fall below.--------mil-
lions of dollars, it may be proper to supply such deficiency,
by special appropriation, out of the fund arising from the sale
of the public lands, to meet the necessary expenditures of the
Government: Provided, in the event of a war between the
United States and any foreign power, said distribution shall
cease and be suspended during the continuance of such war.
Mr. R. GARLANDmoved the following, which lies over one
day:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to com
municate to this House the amount agreed to be paid to the
Caddo Indians by the treaty made with them on July 1, 1835, at
what times and dates the said sutrs were paid, to whom paid,
by whom paid, and whether the Indians have received said
sums; if so, whether in money or merchandise; and if the lat-
ter, what was its real value. Al o, that he communicate ail
the correspondence in the Department relating to the payment
ol said sums, together with all the information in his possession
connected witn the subject. And the said Secretary of War is
also directed to communicate, in a separate report, all the docu-
ments on file in, relation to the negotiation of said treaty with
the Cnddo Indians, and the reservation therein made, the in-
structions to the commissionerswho negotiated the same, and
all corrt«p ^nlence with him or other persons in relation to said
treaty, or the reservations therein; the rights of the Indians to
the land wbich was occupied by them; what right or claim the
persons in whase favor the reservations are made, have or had lo
the same; and generally all documents or information in the
possession of the Department relating to the rights or claims ef
the said Indians; the negotiation and execution of the treaty,
the riahts of individuals who have been affected by it: the ob-
ject , of the Government in making said treaty, and any other
atmter he may think proper connected with these objects.
IN SENATE,
Tubsday, February 25, 1840.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the memorial of a number of
commission merchants and importers of foreign goods, citi-
zens of the United States, praying a revision of the revenue
laws in relation to the importation of weoHen goods; wbich
was refetred to the Committee on Fioanca, ani ordered to be
printed.
Mr. B. also presented the petition of a number of ^tizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying a revision of the law  re-
lating to the sale and transftrof American, vessels when abroad,
and the adoption of measures in conjunction with other nation*
for the the suppression of the slave trade throughout the world;
which was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. B. also presented twelve memorials from citizens of the
United States, rennnstiating against the employment of blood-
hounds, in prosecuting the war against the Seminole Indiam;
which were laid on the table.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, the petition of Wiliiam Rand,
now on file, was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by KING, various petitions ol Joshua Kennedy
were referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. WALL presented the petition of William P. Rathbone;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensiona.
The CHAIR submitted documents in relation to the claims
of Martin Burke, a soldier of the Revolutionary war, to a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
On motion by Mr. STRANGE, it was ordered that the peti-
tion of the heirs of Edward Buneombe, now on file, be referred
to the Committee on Revoiutiouary Claims.
On inotiou, it was ordered that Mr. KNIGHT be excused
from serving on the Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and
that the CHAIR make the appointment to supply the va-
cancy.
Mr. DIXON was accordingly appointed.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented resolutions of the Legislature
of the State of New York, which.were read.
Mr. T. then addressed the Senate at considerable length on
the resolutions; and after a discussion, in which Messrs.
WRIGHT, TAPPAN. and TALLMADGE. participated,
*>n motion by Mr. WRIGHT, the resolutions were laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private Land Claims, to
which had been referred the petition ot William Barclay, and
the petition of the heirs of Joseph Wallace, made adverse re-
ports thereon; which were severally ordered tobe printed.
Mr. L. also, from the same commhtne, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of William D. Fer-
guson; which was agreed to.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, reported a bill for the
relief of George De Passanof Louisiana; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on the Public Lands, t 
which was referred th? bill for the relief of Francis Laventure,
Ebenezer Childs, and Linus Thompson, reported the same with-
out amendment, with a special report thereon, wbich was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, re-
ported
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Henry Eckford, de-
ceased; and
A bill for the relief of Reynell Coates and Walter R. Johnson;
which were severally read,and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims, to which
was referred the petition of Francis Gehon, reported a bill for
bis relief; which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill for the relief of Juan Belgar;
The bill for the relief of Daniel Marsaque;
The bill ibrthe relief of Joseph Bogy;
The bill for the relief of Sebastian Butcher, and the heirs or
legal representatives of Bartholomew Butcher, Michael Butch-
er, and Peter Bloom; and
The bill to settle the title to pertain tracts of land in the State
0Í Arkansas;
were severally taken up on their third reading, read a third
time, and passed.
The Senate then went into the consideration of Executive
business,
Acd then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, February 25, 1840.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a message from the
President of the United States, transmitting, in compliance with
the resolution of the 7th instant, a report Irom the Secretary of
State, on the subject of the blockade of the ports of China by
the British: referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a communicatirn
from tneTreasury Department, made in compliance with the
resolution of the 10th instant, transmitting a report from the
Commissioner of the General Lind Office, showing the quan-
tity of public lands sold in each year since 1S30, which have
been ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty-five, and thirty years in
the market; and the quantity of public lands that remain un-
sold that have been offered for sale for the same periods; and
On motion of Mr. DAVIS ef Indiana, it was referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER announced that the immediate question be-
fore the House, was the appeal from the decision of the Chaib,
taken by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] that un-
der the 28th rule of the House, the.gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Fillimore,] who had been declared to be nut of order, for
alluding to the proceedings of, and reading resolutions adopted
by, the Committee of Elections,.in relation to the New Jeisey
contested election, could notproceed in his remarks; unlets he
be permitted to do so by the House, objection having, been
rai&d to his proceeding. The appeal fiom this decision was
the question before the Hon«e, and upon which the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Tii.linghast,J was entitled to ttte
floor.
Mr. GRAHAM asked the gentleman from Rhode Island to
yield the floor to permit him to offer a resolution; which was
read for information, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States nf America in Congress assembled, That
the sum of three thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to be expended under the direction of the Uoni-
missioner of Public Buildings, to construct two inclined P "
to the Potomac Bridge, so as to facilitate the running  ««J Be-
tween the broken parts of said l ridge; and, also, toJure tne
use of a boat, and the necessary hands to woik the  ™e> "~
transportan peraons, produce, and Mock. w"h°ui£-£fof u£
that part of the Potomac river from which a poruo° m "">
