CftffG jpglpl?AL, OhO^
HI
awl runilireT iminrtmTiriH in relation to the New Jereay alee-
Mr aTETHU. then resumed hb remarks, and showed fon
rhmvely, brail the precedent  growing out of the action ol tin
Privy Council ol New Jersey, that the Governor should have
eoun *d the voteeo- Mldn1 * an.) South Amboy |Ttus able
speech of Mr M will he i ubhsbed in a few (lav at >en<;ili 1
Mr. BROWN ol Teeuesse* had been extremely arummato
participate   th  dcüai*, but. whta be listeusd 10 the
vamus and impaiient ca'ts for the q icstion around him, and
when he remenib-reil ine tensth ol tin e hat hid been eo«-
muted in wbdsJcasMon, not upon the menu ol the New Jersey
case, but upon asimple proposition to \hml that had been sub-
mitted by the rhaiiinui ol the commit ee, an I atterwaii's en
Urged upon bv th moti in of the gentleman tr mi Tennessee—
when be renumber* i, he aai 1, how much time hail been con-
sumed in thu preliminary iu cu««u>ii—and mhen he remem-
bered, also, ihat t ur of ,Ke members ol the c itnmittce had ar
goed th  cas- fnllr 'wo on eai h side be could tint but atlmit
that theanxtMy expreesed by gentleman lur taijug tbisqueatiua
was natural and proper
It wa« mis that th- gentleman from New York [Mr Fin,
■OO,} had not conetaded hi argument on thiaquestion. bat h*
raaieauiiered that that cotleniaii was once in the auna ai.d
that he touched bv some pnt ate feelinr «had withdrawn from it.
He wou'J therefore say to the geotlen <n, ilia he had better
real his claim* for the attention ol the llovr=e, until tha mam
question snould come up, and he wotod thru be happy to meet
him in the list. But for the present, said Mr B to meet tha
sanest calls for the question that I bear around me, to m. et
mussnti of this House, nay, more, that we may progiee*
with the public business, I niov* the previous quetion—action
and not debate was what the public interests now loudly call-
ed for.
Mr. CRABB moved a call of the House.
Mr RICE GARLAND aekedlheyeaa and navs, which were
ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 78, nays 93.
So the call was refuse.!.
Mr MONROE moved an adjournment, bat withdraw the mo-
tion; when
Mr BELL moved to lay the resolution and amendments
on the table, and asked the yeas and nays on that motion;
which we*e or,lered, and, bsnig taken, were—yeas 87,
■ay* lOLaa follows.
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Andrews Barnard, *«.1I, Bid
dte, Bnggm, Brockway Calhoun, William li Campbell, Carter,
Chinn, Chittenden, Clark, James Cooper, Corwin, Crabb,
Crockett, Cushmc.EJwar 1 Davie*, Cartel Davis, Dawson, De
berry, Dennis. Dillett, Edwards, Fillmore, Rice Garland. G-ites,
Gentry, Giddings. Gotsin, Goode, Graham, Granger, Graves,
Green, Gnnnell, Habersham, Hail, Wra 8 Hastings, Hawes,
Henry, Hill of V a Hofman, Hunt, James, Jeniier, Charles John-
awn, William Cost Johnson Kemp^hi'I, King, Lawrence, Lin
coin. Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe Morcan, Calvary Mor-
ris, Ogle, Osborne, Pope, Proffit, Randall, Randolph, Rariden,
Rayner, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simomon,
Blade Treman Smith, Stan y Storr , Stuart, Tilhnghast To-
land, Trambu I, Underwood, Peter X Wagner, John White,
Thomas W VV illiams, Lewis V\ ll.ains, Joseph L. Wiljams,
and Sherrod VV illiam-,—87
NAYS—Messrs Judson Allen, Hugh J Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Baity, Beime, Biackweil, Moid, Brewster, Aaron V.
Bm*n,A beitG Brown, Burke, Sawpeou II Butler, Wm O
Butler, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, < I ffVd Co'es, Conmr,
Crary Crocs. Dana. Dave* Jo'in Davis. John W Dan  Dosn,
Don, Dromgoule, Duncan, Earl Eastman, Ely, Pine Fisher,
Fleyd.Furiis.ore, J Garla ml, ILumnoiitl, Hand, John Hu5iin?s,
JAn H'llnf NonhCam i a II'I n Ih 'raur Ifrnk llmird,
HobbarJ Jimeson, Caie J"Iiu*oh Nathaniel J mes, J dm w
Jmes.Kriin Kcmlile, IieaVbeper, Leal, l^oruril, 1-ewis, Lowell,
Lu as, McC e a i M. Cu to. h, skua), Ma'i .rv, Marcha itt, Mj
ddl M'ller, M in^roirorv >, wt^rd Panoli V rrrei  -t Pimi-
tet, Pickens, Pienuse. Ramtev Reynolds, Rives,  r.lwar'l Ito-
fers, Jame* R igers, Samuels, " haw, «S'ieparil, A h*rt Smith,
'hos '«mihjJihi Su i h 8>nkwrnh r,   eci ml. Puiiiptei,
f"weanr>L'en Sweenv Tiyic. F Thnr-a" P F Tito • as j
Taonip  n, Tarney. Vaieierpoel, Davi.1 U Wagener \Vit'«r-
son, Wei er, Jared VV. W lUums, Henry \V illiams, and U or-
lliingtrin—101.
So i be motion to lay on the table was rejected.
And the question recurring on the demand for the previous
quest.oii, there was a secon i.
And the main qu s i -n was ordered to b' now taVen
Mr TURKEY called lor th* yeas and najs. which wm
ordered
And the question bet g first on the amendment of Mr Fitav
■•as to the amendment of Mi Cxvs Johnson, which was in
toe following words.
''Strike out the word 'forthwiih,' and insert after the words
Jpreaiest aumberof,' aid ucioreih' word ve te ,' the  orJ 1 tw
ful ' so as to read 'and thai 'hey be in<tru< ted sl«o to report
which five of the ten Individuals claimingseats from the State ol
New J<;rsey received the greatest number of lawful votes.''
Mr. FILLMORE inquired of tbe Caaia wheth'rhis amend
mem waadivisible, if so, he mov-d that ih  q-ention be first ta
keaon inserting m the resolution the word "lawful" before the
word "votes "
Mr BANKS «id it was not in order to move two amend-
ments to the amendment, and therefore the question was
indivisible, or the last amendment to insert the word "lawful"
was clearly out of order
The "FEARER decided that the amendment was indivisible.
Mr. FILLMORE then mod tied the same so a* simply to
msert the word "la • ful" before the word "vote* "
And the question being then taken, the vote stood—veas 96,
nays 96—(a tie)                                                            '           '
And the SPEAKER voting ta the affirmative, tbe vote
•toed—yen 97, naysV6.
So the amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
A roción was here made to adjourn
yeasVnai7Í67 '*7t *"* 0td*r*d' ,nd' b*to* *|WD' *  •—
Ho the House refused to adjotrm.
And the question then recurring on tbe amendment of Mr.
n"  i^"Slu amended, and which ta as follows
Jiuoitea, That the Committee of Electioni be authorized to
report to this Hmi«. such papers, and such of their proceed
ings, ae they may desire to have printed by order of the House,
and that they be mstiucted also to report forthwith which five
of tbe ten ind'vidual  claiming seats from the ^-aie of New Jer-
sey, received the ireateetnumosroflawful VotesTromtWwiofe
Mr OR OSS of Arkansas precented the following petitions to
the House on the 5th insiaul
Of the citizen* of Hot Sprmff county, for a "new mail rotiie
Ol Captain Bi-IVnan and oihrr offieers of the United St-ttfS Ar-
rnv f r comal 7 « the piv of officers of the line with that of
raff oflirers. Of ihe citizens ol f ark county prtivitig (oran
appropriation t" improvp the navigition of the Wio'ii a river.
Of Jame  "Hi patilt for the pa«sage of a bill author zing him to
enter a q laru r "-e   .    of lan-i
HOUSE OP REPREESNTATIVES,
S^tcrdat, Frbrua y 29,1840.
Repr rt<! from cumni let s tcng fiist in order,
On mn'i' n o' Mr J. W. JONES, the Ccmm.t-
ire  of Ways and M^ans was diichargrd frr in Ihe
further rooMdewion of ihe petitions of Jamas
Thompson, Wal'ir Br-dley, and Henry J. Pick-
eiitis; which were cr^ered to lit? on the tabic.
On motion of Mr. EVAKS, tbe claim of Walter
Byr" er wa« lecommiit^d to the C^mmitlee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. BIDDLE, from ihe game commntee, re-
pored a hi 1 ior the te'icf of Ba es and Lacon;
wh'eh was tw-c" reíd,and ccmrnittfd.
ftír. ATHERTON, frura the same committee,
rtported a bill for the n nef of James W. Osboine,
rf Baltimore; which was read twice, and coro-
tbitiedV
Mr. LAWRENCE, frem the same committee,
repc rted,
A bill f>r the relief of Andrew Low, assignee
oí Low, Taylor, rnd Co. of Georgia;
A bill for Ihe nlief of B njatnin Al'cnand Co.
and others;
A bill for the relief of Samuel D Wa ker,
A bill for tbe relief of Zachanah Jellison;
which bills weie severally read twice, and com-
m.tted
Mr. VANDERPOEL, from tbe same committee,
repotted a bill to provide ior the «nrpport of the
Military Acar'emy lor the jear 1840; which was
twice read, and on motion of Mr. V. the bill and
the estimates «ceoqipanytnfc, were ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on ihe state of the Union,
Alse, reported a bill for the relief of Chastillais
State for Representatives in ihe Congress or the United State*
at the e'eoion ol 13J8 in saio ^late, with all the evidence of
tha'fict In heir possession- /VorioVrf That nothin  herein
contained «hall he so construed as to prevent er delav iheac
lion ol said committee in taking testimony, and deciding
the said case upon   he nitrite of ihe election
Mr R!ChG\RI AM) ii tpined ol the Chai  whether, If the
amendment wa* rejected, the question would not then be on the
nrig nal resolution, as reported bom the Committee of Llec-
lions ¡
TI e SPEAKER repUetlafllrmatively
An I the question was then taken on the amendment, as
amended, soil decided m the affirmative, u follows—yeas 103,
navs 90
VkaS—Messrs Judson Allen, Hugh J Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beany, Ueirne, Bluckwel, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V
Brown, A G Brown, Burke, S II Butler, VV O Butler,
Itvmim Cirroll, Ca-vv, Chapn an, Clifford, Cdei, Conner,
Crarv Cross, Dana, Davee, J Davis, John W Davi , Dunn,
Duig, Dromgoo e, Dnuran, hurl, Ka^miaii, Ely, line Fiaher,
Floyd, roruaiae, J Garland, Hammond, II ind John IlaitinitH,
Hill of Noith Capo inn, Hilen II Minian, Hi ok Howaul,
Hubbard, Jameson. J Johnson, Cave Johnson N Jones, John
W Jones Keim, Kemble, lavolb-Hiei, Leet, Leonard, Lewis,
Lowell, Lucas, MtCIellan, McCulIoh, McKiy, Mallory, Mar
rharni, Medil!, Mi'ler, Montgomery, Newhard, Parish P>r
men'er, Psvnter Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Hevnolds, Rives,
Edward Rogers, James Rogers, ctain uels, Shaw, shepanl, Ji tin
Smith, Tho S nith, Stark  eaiher, Bteenrnd, Sumter, Swearin-
gen, >wecnv. Taylor Fran, is Thnnn  P F Thomas, Jacob
Thompson, Turner, Vanderpoel, David D Wagoner, Watter-
son, Weller, Jared W V\ illiams, Henry Williams, Sherrod
Wtlliama,and Worthtngton—103.
NA^S—Me«TS Adams, Alford, Andrews, Barnard, Bell,
B'ddle, Br egs. Brockway, Calhoun, John Campbell, William
B Campbell, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark, Jas Cooper,
Corwtn, Crabh, Crocket!, Cushine, Danes, Garret Davis, I
Dawson, Deberry, Denm , Ddlett. Edwards, Everett, Fillmore, \
Rice Garland. Gates, Giddings,Cnygm, Goode, Graham, Gran-
ger, Graves, Green, Gnnnell, Habersham, Ila'l, William S
HaMinjj"! It rw" Henry, Hill of Virginia Hoffman, Hunt,
Jame*. Jenifer,Chas. Johnston, VV in C Tohnson, Kemp^hall,
King, Lawrence, Lmcoln, McCartv, Marvin, Maaon, Mitehe,U,
Monroe, Morgan, Calvary Morris, Kisbet, Ogle, Osborne, Pope,
Proffit, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Ridgway. Ru .
•ell, Sa'tonstal) Sergeant, ''ímonto , Slade, Traman Bmuh,
Stinly, Storrs. Stuart Tillinshast. Toland, Trumbull, Under-
wooil, P J W aaner, Edward D VV hite, John White, T. W.
Williams, and Lewis Williams—90
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Ant the question lecurnri; on the resolution ai amended,
the veas and navs were, by general ronsei t dispensed  ith.
And the resolution as amended, was agreed to
Mr BRIGGS moved that, when the House adjourn, it adjourn
to meet on Mon f*iv next
Mr CAVE JOHNSON demanded the yeas and nays on Iha
motmn which were ordered and were—veas 62, nay  93 So
the llou-e refused toadionrn till Monday next.
On motion of Mr MORGAN,
The House then adjourned.
and Ponvert; which   wa  r*«d twice, and com-
mitted.
On motion of Mr. VANDERF0EL, the same
committee wos discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Simuel S. Anderson,
and it «as committed to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee of Claims,
reported
A bill fat the relief of Ebenezer A. Lester;
A bill for the rslief of Nicholas Hedge ;
A bill for the rt-lief of Richard Booker;
A bill ior the relief of John Howe;
A bill lor the telief of John Wilkinson's legal
representatives,
A bill ior the relief of Thoraa* W. Taylor;
A bill for the relief of James Core;
A b 11 to amend an act entitled an act for the re-
lief of Chauncey Calhoun;
A bill for the relief of Oamalirl E. Smith;
A bill for the relict of Garrelt Vliei;
A bill for the relief of Nathaniel Goddard and
others;
which bills were severally twice read, committed,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, ieported a bill, from the same committee,
for tho rel.ef of Ebenezer Lobdell; which was
read twice; when
Mr. R. moved that it be committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole, and be made the order of the
day for this day.
Objection was made to this reference, as unu.nal;
when,
On motion of Mr. DUNCAN, the question on
this, reference was taken by telWrs; and it wa* de-
cided in ihe negative—aye  81, noe* 8€.
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL, the bill was
then made the crder of the day for to morrow, and
bill and rpport ord red to be printed.
Mr. R. from the same ccmmittee, made unfa-
vorable reports on the petitions of William Brey-
den, Wil'iam Nicholas, the assignees of David
Beard, Feter Mills, Lyman King, Stephen Arnan,
Raymond A. Hm lerson, George Gale, Joel Byins -
ton, John Kelly, Lewis Biswll, ThcmatSimpson;
James Reynolds, Simon Green, and ÍL JLithaway
and MfHnbbell, executor of W. A. J. Pienn;
which were severally ordered to he on the table and
be printed.
On mot on of Mr. RUSSELL, the committee
was discharged from the further consir'eraiion of
the petition^ of Thomas Blanchard and William A.
Whitehead; which were ordered to lie on the table,
and be print-d.
Mr. R frcm the same committee, to Wrjich had
been retfrred the prtifnntf Israel H. Baker, re-
ported the fo'lowini: re^olutio- •
r ««o/>erf, That the Comrrjitief of Claims "be ct's-
charged (rum the further coni-i',er li n of the claim*
ot Joseph H.Baker, arising from the failure of a it*
t'e toa lot of land purchased by htm from the
Un ted Stiles at the Zaresville land dtstiict in the
Sta'e of Ohio, hi Julv, 1831, ahd that the same be
referred to the Secretary of tHe Treasury, to the
end that the purchase money may be returned ac-
cord me to the provisions of the act of* 12th Janua-
ry, 1835; which was read, and agreed to.              r
- Mr. R. also reported the following resolatitiDt
viz;
Rigehed, That the Committee of Claims be dia-,
charg d from the further consideration  f the peti-
tion of Charles Werner, claiming the sum of thirty
dollar*, dr posittd for htm, by Henry Gpldimith, in
the Treasury of the United States, on the 16th day
of September, but whieh, by mistake, was credited
to the said Goldsmith, and that the same be re-
ferred to the Commissioner of Patents, under the
provisions of an act, entitled "An act to protect the
progress of useful art , and to repeal all ac's and
paits of acti hereafter made for the purpose,"
passed July, 1836; which was read, and agreed to^
Mr. R. also reptred a resolution nuthorizmg
the Committpe of Ctaims to appoint a clerk *t the
rate of four riollats rer day, to facilitate tbe busi-
nesj of *aid committee; which was read, and
agreed to.
Mr. BANKS, from the same committee, repor'ed
a bill for the relief of Cornelius Tiers; which was
twee read, and committed.
Also,   unfavorable report en the petition of,
