too                   _____
■'■"' 'í.....' ' "■   "   ■ —'.....'■'■'■ -   -   •'                 ■   ■
the main question ordered; which main question
iras, "Shall the decision of th« Cbair stand as the
Judgment of the House?"
Air. LINCOLN demanded the yeas and nays on
ti  mam question; which «ere ordered.
Mr. BRIGG3 inquired of the Chair whether, ff
th« subject was laid over to-day, it could be taken
op «pun, except by a vote of two-thirds.
The SPEAKER was of opinion that it would re-
foire a vote of tw>thirds to take it up again.
The question was then taken, and the decision
of the Cbair. was sustained—yeas 130, nays 61.
Mr. BELL,who was entitledjto the floor, resumed
his remarks, and spoke at some length ou the sub-
ject before the House. Mr. B said that the Pre-
sident of the United States had expressed himself
to the effect that he would not consider it expe-
dient to veto any bill for this purpose, and referred
to a letter in the Globe from three members of the
House in relation to the Cumberland road. He
understood it to he called forth, with a view to as-
certain whether the Administration was opposed '
to the road; and if so, to have some evidence on
which its hostility was predicated. He said, as the
Secretary of the Treasury had placed the omis-
«w-n of an appropriation tor this road upon the
ground of the depletion of the Treasury, that they
thou'd retrench their own expenditures—that the
starting point was the House of Rcpte.er.tatives.
Mr. B. referred to several speeches which had
been made by members of the Administration on
tile «object of the road, and said that in soise por-
tions ot the country the Democracy opposed the
measure; and in others, «ustainrd it. JMr. B. said
it might be asked of him, if he was friendly to in-
ternal improvement?, why he opposed them? It
was on the ground of inexpediency, as he had
stated ten years ago—because there was no sys-
tem in relation to them. People in the State of
Tennessee denounced him as a Federalist—as an
aristocrat—not because be voted for them, but be-
cause he associated with gentlemen here who did.
Mr. B. referred to General Jackson's veto of the
Maysville road bill, and said the ex-President had
only postponed the system of internal improvements
until the national debt should be paid off; and that
Mr. Van Baren had never, directly or indirectly,
denied the power to appropriate money for that
purpose. Jefferson, Madison, Washington, Mon-
roe, the elder Adams, and Jackson, and ih* present
President, all admitted the constitutonality of the
power. Mr. B. concluded his remarks by a refer-
ence to the Florida and Creek wars, &c. when
Mr. CASEY rose, and offered the following mo-
dification of his resolution:
"That the petition be referred to the Committee
on. Ways and Means, with instructions to report a
bill «aking a reasonable appropriation for the con-
tinuation of the National road in the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, for the year 1840, to be. ex-
pended tuider the direction of the War Department,
said appropriation to be subject to all the restric-
tions and conditions of former appropriations on
•aid road."
- Mr. CASEY observed that the object of the mo-
dification was, that the committee should act at
their own discretion with regard to the amount of
the appropriation they should report. He probably
owed to the committee an apology for having pro-
posed to instruct them at all. But he was led to
adopt that course, because he was certain that with-
out instructions, no report in relation to this subject
would ever come from the committee. This was
all that he wanted to say. Now, as the way for the
reception of petitions was blocked up by this dis-
euss.en, and as a great many gentlemen were
anxious to present petitions, himself among the
number, and as this discussion, which ought not to
bare occupied a week, bad taken a very wide and
unnecessary range, he would conclude by moving
the previous question.
• Mr. CRABB moved a call of the House; which
was crd*red, when
Mr. COLES moved an adjournment; which was
decided (the count having been by tellers, Messrs.
Bkioss o{ Massachusetts, and Johnson of Tennes-
Mt) in the affirmative—ayes 86, noes 57; and
The House adjourned.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Upon the several questions growing outof the re-
solution of the Committee of Elections and ihe
amendment  thereto, on Friday, Mr. Smith of
Maine, and Mr. Allen of Ohio, who would have
voted on oppobi'e sides, were absent by arrange-
ment.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, March 3,1840.                '
Mr. NORVELL presented the memorial of the
Legislature of the State of Michigan, praying an
appropriation for the erection of a light-house, and
the improvement of the harbor at Belvidere, on
Lake St. Clair; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. N- also presented the 'memorial of the Le-
gislative Assembly of Wisconsin, for an appro-
priation for a road from Platville to the Mississip-
pi river, and a grant of the alternate sections ef
public land on said road; which was referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. N. also presented the memorial of the Le-
gislative Assembly of Wisconsin, for an appropri-
ation for the sorvey of a railroad from Lake Mi-
chigan to the Mississippi river; «hich was referred
to the Comi>iueeon Roads and Canals.
Mr. PORTER presented the petition of John
| Hadley; which was referred to the Commi tee on
I ¡ Private Land Claim*.
j Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented the petition
of the heirs and legal representatives of John
Forbes, which was referred to the Committee oa
Private Land Claim?.
Mr. LINN submitted documents in relation to
the claim rf John McClenahan, a soldier of the
Revolution; which was referred to the Committee
ón Pensions.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented the petition of
John Thomas, praying a pension; which was refer-
red to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HENDRSON, from the Committee on Roads
and Canals, reported a bill for the relief of the
Eagle Railroad and Lumber Company; which was
read,and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill to con-
firm the title to an ¡B'and in the river Apalachicola,
to the heirs and legal representatives of John
Forbes, deceased; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Priva'e Land Claims.
ADJOURNMENT OF THE SENATE.
The resolution submitted yssterday by Mr.
Lumpkin, in relation to the adjournment of the Se-
nate, coming up in its order,
Mr. LUMPKIN said he did not wish that the ¡
subject should be taken up for consideration now, ¡
and therefore moved that it be laid <*n the table for
the present, though he should take care it should
not lie there long.                                                      i
Mr. GRUNDY had bnt a word to say on this i
subject at present, and that was, that when the Se-
nator intends to call up the resolution, he would  |
give a day or two notice, so that the Senators might
be in their places.                                                          > I
Mr. LUMPKIN then gave notice that he would   !
call it up on Monday next.                                       !'
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The bill to relinquish to the State of Alabama
the two per cent. fuBd reserved by the act for her
admission into the Union, to be applied to the
making of a road or roads leadine to said State,
was taken up. and, after being debated by Messrs.
WHITE, CLAY of Alabama, NORVELL, KING,
SMITH of Indiana, HUBBARD, LUMPKIN,
and GRUNDY, was, on motion of Mr. G. post-
poned until to-morrow.
THE SPECIAL ORDER.
The resolutions of the Select Committee on the
assumption by the Federal Government of the debts
of the States was taken up, and Mr. FULTON ad-
dressed the Senate at length in favor of the princi-
ples of the report.
Mr. WEBSTER made some remarks on the
speech of Mr. Calhoun, in relation to the effect of
a protective tariff on the exports and manufactures
of the country; which were replied to by Mr. CAL-
HOUN.
Mr. BUCHANAN then submitted some re-
marks is. relation to certain alleged misrepreseuta-
•I tions of his speech on the Independent Treasury
bill, as to its effect on the wages of labor, which
appeared in the published speech of Mr. Davis.
COMMISSIONER OF PENSIONS.
A message was received (rom the House of Re-
1 presentatives by their Clerk, announcing that they
had passed the bill to revive and continue in force
the office of Commissioner of Pensions, with an
amendment. [The amendment was the reduction
of the salary ot the Commissioner, from $3,000 to
$2,500 per annum]
Mr. HUBBARD said, that as it would require
but a few moments to dispose of the bilj, he hoped
that by general consent it would be now consi-
dered.
Ne objection being made,
Mr. HUBBARD said as it was very important
that the bill should be passed this evening, he
hoped that the amendment of the House would be
concurred in.
Mr. SOUTHARD said he hoped the  Senate
'    would not concur.   The bill, by its provisions, had
j ¡ greaily increased the dunes of the office, while tl
!i  reduced his compensation one-sixih.    It was im-
possible for Mr. Edwards, or any other man, to
perform thi duties ot the office as prescribed by the
4th seetionof the bill.
Mr. HUBBARD would only say that if this bill
was not passed to-night, the Pension Office would
be closed to-morrow. The office of the Commis-
sioner expired hy limitation this evening, and the
Srcretary of War would be contained to issue
his order, command in? its elote, to morrow.
Mr. CRITTENDEN objected to the further con-
sideration of the bill at this time, if there was to be
any debate on it, and it was laid on the table.
,      Mr. DAVIS then replied to Mr. Buchanan, and
i after some further remarks between these gentle-
men,
On motion by Mr. GRUNDY, the report of the
j Select Committee was informally passed over.
i      Mr. WRIGHT  then moved that the   Senate
take up the bill to continue the Pension  Office,
and hoped that the bill might be permitted to pass
without debate.
Mr. SOUTHARD said the bill mnst excite de-
bate.
Mr. WRIGHT. As the Senator says the bill
must excite debate, I withdraw my motion.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, March 3, 1840.
The first business in order was the following re-
solution offered on Saturday last by Mr. Haber-
sham, from the Committee on Commerce:
Rttolvtd, That the map of the southern coast from Tybe 
¡Bland to II untinf  island, including a chart of the mouth of Sa-
vannah river, which was made from the surveys of Charlea
Wilkes of the United States navy, be printed under the direction
of the Committee on Commerce, and that 6,000 copies be pub-
lished, one hundred of which shall be deposited in the Nary-
Department.
Mr. CLIFFORD moved to amend the resolution,
by striking out all after the word resolved, and in-
sei ting,
That a map of the southern coast from Tybee island the Hunt-
ing island, including a chart of the mouth of the Savannah
river, which was made upon the survey of Charles Wilkes, of
the United Stales navy, be lithographed by order of this House,
under the superintendence of the Topographical Bureau,and lhat
4,000 copies be published, 200 of which shall be deposited ia tha
Navy Department for the use of the navy, «nd 200 in the Libra-
ry ol Congress for safe keeping.
Mr. HABERSHAM sa'd that he had no power
to accept of the  amendment offered by the gentle-
man from Maine, because the resolution had been
reported from the Committee on Comtaerce, and
of course he had no control over it.   It was, how-
ever, of no importance to hirn in what manner, or
under whose direction, the chart was published, so
that it was done in the cheapest form.    When the
subject came before the committee, it was deemed,
j   in these economical times, impossible to let it pass
i   without some attempt to have the work done in the
cheapest possible way.    And on inquiry, the com-
mittee discovered that a great saving might be
effected, if the House would agree to the plan sug-
'' gested.   As, however, the publication of the chart
1   required great accuracy, he wa?, on reflection, in
favor of having it superintended by the Topogíá;
phical Bureau.   Mr. H. then adverted to-the ob-
jections made on Saturday by the gentleman from
