CONGRESSIONAL fHLOBE.
283
Home or RwawiwrATtTM,
March 3d, 1840.
Gentlemen : Be please d to insert in the Globe,
that apon the several question  arising out of the
resolutions of the Committee of Elections, and the
amendments thereto, on Friday last, Mr. Fuetchkr,
of Vermont, and Mr. Reed, of Massachusetts,
who, if present, would have voted on opposite
sides, were absent by mutual agreement, having
left the House, not expectiog the question would
bare been taken that evening.
Respectfully,
ISAAC FLETCHER.
Messrs. Blair and Rives.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, March 4,1840.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial of citizens of
the State of Indiana, praying that the laws of the
Union may be extended over the Oregon Territory;
which was referred to the Select Committee on the
Oregon Territory.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial of ci-
tizens of New York, praying for the enactment of
a general bankiupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a petition from citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying for the passage of a
general bankrupt law-, which was referred to the
Committee on tbe Judiciary.
Mr.TALLMADGE presented eight memorials
of citizens of New York, praying for the pa«ssaee
of a general bankrupt law; wbi-', was referred *p
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. T. presented a memorial remonstrating
against the use of bloodheands in tbe Florida war;
which was laid on die table.
Mr. T. also presented a memorial from citizens
of New York, praying for a redaction of posta e
on letters; which was referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. T. also presented a memorial from citizens
of New York, praying to prohibit the use of ardent
spirits in the army, navy, &c.; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial of Wil-
liam McMahoo; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claim?.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the petition of the
Administrator of John Judge; which was referred
te the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of tfce De-
mocratic Association of Washington city, praying
a renewal of the charter of the city of Washing-
ton, with certain modifications; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented two memo-
rials of citizens of the city of Washington, pray-
ing far a renewal of the charter of said city, with
certain modifications; which were referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MERRICK asked that the above memori-
als might be printed.
Mr. ALLEN said that One of the memoiials had
been already ordered to be printed, and as they
were all a similar tenor, he saw no propriety in
reprinting tbe same matter.
Mr. MERRICK said it was the printing of the
names of tbe signers of the memorials he wished.
There was considerable diversity of sentiment
among the citizens on the subject of this memorial,
and it had been intimated that many of the signa-
tures were fictitious, and had no representatives in
existence He hoped, therefore, the memorials, with
the signatures, w.;uld be printed.
Mr. NORYELL hoped that the motion to print
the names of the memorialists, as well as one of
the copies of the memorial, would be adopted. One
prominent object of the memorialists was an exten-
sion of the right of suffrage within this District.
They deirad Congress to give to them a right to
vote for tie public officers, for the municipal au-
thorities by whom they were ruled. The object
was laudable, and there could be no objection to
the printmp of the'names of those, who seek it.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he had no objec-
tion to the printing, but he would suggest that the
names on the memorials formerly presented, should
also be printed; which was accordingly ordered.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was referred the memorial of the
Latter Day Saints, commonly called Mormons,
submitted a report, aeeompanied by the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be discharged from the further consideration of the
memorial in this case, and that the memorialists
have leave to withdraw the papers which accom-
pany their memorials.
Mr. W. gave notice that ha would call up the
report on Monday next.  *
Mr. W. from the seme committee, to which was
rererred the petition of William P. Rathbone, re-
ported a bill for his relief; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. W. (rom the same committee, reported a
bul to extend for a longer time the several acts
now in force for the relief of insolvent debtors of
the United State ; which was read, and passed to
a second reading, and, by unanimous consent, read
a second time, and ordered to beenercs=ed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, report-
ed the bill supp'ementary to an act to abolish im-
prisonment for debt in certain cases, without
amendment.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of the executor of Thomas
Cooper, deceased; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill for the relief of the secu-
rities of Archibald Sneed, deceased.
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to make an arrangement or compromise with
any of the sureties on bonds given to the United
States, by Samnel Swartwout, late collector of the
customs for the port of New York, was taken up
as in Committee of the Whole, and after being
discussed by Messrs. WALL, WEBSTER, PREN-
•JISS, WRIGHT, and BETTS, was ordered to be
engrossed.
Mr. TAPPAN submitted the following resolu-
tion for considera'ion:
Resolved, That the 47th rule be amended so as in
the last paragraph thereof to read:
" Two reporters for each of the daily papers, and
one reporter for each tri-weekly paper, printed and
published in the city of Washington, whose names
«hall be communicated in writing, by the editors of
those papers to tbe Secretary of the Senate, and
who shall confina themselves to the seats now pro-
vided for them.
Mr. CALHOUN submitted the following:
Resolved, That a ship or vessel on tbe high seas,
in time of peace, engaged in a lawful voyage, is,
according to the laws of nations, under the exclu-
sive jurisdiction of the State to which her flag be-
longs, as much so as if constituting a part of its
own domain.
Resolved, That if such ship or vessel should be
forctd, by stress of weather or other unavoidable
cause, into the port of a friendly power, she would,
under the same laws, lose none of the rights ap-
pertaining to her on the high seas, but, on the con-
trary, she and her cargo and persons on board,
with their property, and all the rights belongin? to
their personal relations, as established by the laws
of the Siate to which they belong, would be under
the protection which the laws of nations extend to
the unfortunate under such circumstances.
Resolved, That the brig Enterprise, which was
forced unavoidably by stress of weather into Port
Hamilton, Bermuda Island, while on a lawful voy-
age on the high seas from one part of the Union to
another, comes within the principles embraced in
the foregoing resolutions; and that the seizure and
detention of the negroes on board by the local au-
thorities of the Island was an act in violation of
the laws of nations, and highly unjust tor our citi-
zens to whom they belong.     *           /
COMMISSIONER OFIPENSÍONS.
Mr. PIERCE, chairman of the Committee on
Pensions, move to take up thefcill, Js amended by
the other House, to continue tie ojpee of Commis-
sioner of Pensions.                   1/
Mr. Piercx said: With all d*f reference to the
opinion of the House of Representatives upon
questions of this character, I shall feel it to be my
duty to vote against concurring In the amendment;
but at this moment of strong professions of princi-
pia  of economy and retrenchment, I  have  little
hope of being sustained in my opposition, andjshall
attempt no labored argument to lead the  minds ef
other gentlemen to the conclusion at which my own
has already  arrived.   But  there are some fuels
which I feel it to be my duty to state in  justifica-
tion of the committee under whose direction I re-
ported the bill, and which, in  ordinary times, I
should expect would  not be without weight here.
Of the ability, fidelity, and untiring  industry with
which the officer alone to be affected by this redaction
has discharged the duties devolved  upon him, I
have nothing to say; they are known and acknow-
ledged by all persons who have had  any   inter-
course with the Pension Office. Yon find him there
early and late, and, what is much more  mate-
rial,   you almost  always   find   him  right.     I
say this, because the committee of  which I am
a member have never, to my recollection* found
occasion to reverse bis decision under the  regu-
lations  which   the interests of  the Government
and    the   ends   of   justice   have   rendered  it
indispensable for 'him to adopt.   We have, it is
trae, granted pensions where he has refused to
grant them, but we have done it by setting aside, in
individual cases of strong equity, regulations from
which he could, with no safety, depart.   Twenty-
two years have now elapsed since he has been at
tbe head of tbe Pension Bureau, either as chief
clerk or Commissioner, which office was created in
IE 33.   During that period, more than sixty-eight
thousand cases have been examined and admitted,
or rejected, exclusive of invalid applications.   The
labor and research which has bean required for lie
faithful and just dischatge of this duty, can hardly
be appreciated by any man who has not been in
the habit of examining pension claims, with the vo-
luminous testimony  which  accompanies  almost
every case.   In disposing of the vast number ef
claims to which I had before adverted, it was im-
possible that tbe Commissioner should avoid pro-
voking the displeasure of many claimants, their
agents, attorneys, and friends.   He has done it, I
know, from letters of complaint from my own con-
stituents, who will, perhaps, blame ma for what I
am about to say.   In my judgment, from a carefsl
examination of a large number of cases, he has
done it in a faithful and fearless discharge of dit-
ties which he owed to the Government, as wall as
to individuals.
Sir, I have been astonished at the amount of Ia-
lor which this officer has been able to accomplish,
and yet more at the facility and promptness with
which he can turn to the grounds of decision of all
casts that have been adjudicated. It may not be
improper for me to state.at this moment of patriotic
ardor and feverish excitement upon the subject, of
retrenchment, that, during the session preceding
the last, and near its close, a large number, 1
think more than a hundred and fifty bills, came up
to ihis chamber for concurrence. I then, as now,
was a member of the Committee on Pensions, and
I bestowed upon those cases, at that period of the
session, all the time and s'rength I could command.
In many cases there were printed reports setting
forth reasons that were decisive upon the premisee
assumed. But I doubted the justness of these pre-
mise*, and sent many of the cases to Mr. Edwards
for the grounds on which they were rejected lh*re,
and I received prompt answers, showing such dis-
crepancy between the evidence futni-hed there,
and the original application, and the evidence pre-
sented to Congress, or such record evidence as
proved most of the claims, beyond a question, to be
groundless. The Senate will, perhaps, remember the
result. Some fifteen or twenty of thcseclaims.bVed
upon groundsof equity .received ihefavorablereport
of the committee, and were passed by the Senate. It
is but just to say, that chiefly to the care and intel-
ligence of this officer, and the facility with which
he was able to furnish the grounds of his decisions,
is to be attributed the fact that this mass of unjust
claims \;ere rejected; a number which would have
probably demanded twenty thousand dollars for
the present, and, perhaps, not less than two hun-
dred thousand dollars prospectively. And now,
sir, what do you propose to do?   You propose to
