■—.- ■... if, ■ -". —    •"■•■■■■— ■ • ■■"•* ¡ •* ■'■-■ *
reduce the salary of this officer the «am of five
hundred dollars, while you leave thesalaiies of
other officers, of not mora laborious or responsible
stations, where they are. Let me say it is not
aiereiy intelligence and industry that is required
. «here. Integrity iu that officer might have been
bartered within the last three years during the
monstrous influx of large claims for tens and fifty
taoosaods of dollars. Sad experi«nce in this Go 
. veroment has proved that integrity may be suc-
cessfully availed, even in positions of the high-
est trust. Lucre is, at the present day, the god
of general idolatry; and when we have a man in a
station of this importance, upon whose decisions
millions depend, my judgment teaches me that, as
sentible and practical men, we had better not, for
the paltry consideration of five hundred dollars an-
nuatly, risk the great interests lodged in that bu-
reau. But if the p e¿ent incumbent will consent
to continue in the office at twenty-five hundred dol-
lars a year, can we, in the exercise of a spirit of
jast liberality and a judicious appreciation of faith-
ful labors, reduce tuts salary 1 I consider ihs re-
ductioa most inauspicious, both as to (he time and
the person. By the fourth section of the bill, you
propose to transfer the business which has been
hitherto done in the Navy Department to this
office—a change demanded by a variety of consi-
derations—looking to the protection of the public
revenue, and prompt action upon the applications
of indigent and meritorious claimants. Although
the number of pensioners for Revolutionary ser-
. vice is daily decreasing, except nnder the act of
- granting pensions (o widows, yet the amount of
-labor will not be lessened for the next twelve
months, at least; and there are a large number
. of claims  nnder the act  of   1833— probably
- twelve or fifteen hundred—which ought to be
taken up for re-efaniination, with the light of ad-
ditional rolls and record evidence, which the De-
ptitmeni has obtained since their suspension. I
have no doubt that many of those cases were just,
and that a re-examination will show that the claim-
ant , if living, and, if not, their widows or heiis,
- are entitled to the benefit of that act. But this the
Commissioner cannot do, and proceed with the
current business of the office, for at least a year to
come. The bill proposes to continue the office for
three years only, and these three years must be, it
is perfectly obvious, as the last three have been,
devoted to constant labor. Ahhough you transfer
the clerk from, the Navy Department to the Pen-
sion Office, you still add greatly to the responsibili-
• ty of the Comn.issioper. To this point I will read
the testimony ef the Secretary of the Navy. In
his last annual report the Secretary says •
r "The muliiphcation.of thess laws, and the va-
rious constructions placed upon them at different
times, seem to indicate the propriety of adopting a
less complicated system. I would also take the oc-
casion to state that, whatever disposi'ioa may be
made of the subject, it has become nece>sary to re-
lieve the head of the Department from the labor
and responsility of this portion of his duites.
"Almost every application for a pension in-
volves the necefsily of a close and critical exami-
nation of testimony, together with a reference to
various laws, and the time required to do this as it
ought to be done, materially interferes with other
and indispensable avocations."
Pour weeks since, the Senate, upon my motion,
took this bill up oat of its order, and passed it; but
the hopes that were then indulged have uoi been
realized.   The act of 1837 expired yesterday, the
business of the office is suspended, its doors are
closed, and I am not unmindful of the strong ob-
jections to sending the bill back, still I should do
injustice to my own convictions to yield to those
objections.     Let us do   what is manifestly right,
and leave the responsibility of the wron? where it
belongs.   If this proposition were embraced in a
general   scheme of  reduc'ioa which   would   be
relatively jusl, I should, pet haps, have nothing to
object;    though   I    think   very  erroneous   im-
presión* are entertained With regard to the amount
ot labor  performed in the various offices here,
the ability and diligence which the subordinate of
ficers bring to the performance of that labor, and
the amount of salary that is indispensable for the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
support of their families. I cannot omit this op-
portunity to remark that my acquaintance with
those officers has led me to form a high estimate
of their characters. They are no idlers; they
earn their bread. Go into any of the various of-
fices, and you will find n  deficiency of those
qualities which constttuie the efficient officer and
good citizen.
Upon this favorite theme of retrenchment, I
have only to say, that, when gentlemen will move
upon this subject wi.h enlarged views and just
objects, they shall not want my humble aid. For-
tunately for myself, I have the honor to represent
here, in part, a constituency who judge men by
their acts, and not by their words. To them I com-
mit the record of my votes in both wings of this
Capitol; they will be somewhat more enduring and
satisfactory than any professions which may pass
away with the breath that utters them.
Is not the inequality, not to say injustice, of this
measure ebvious and glssing? What are the facts
in relation to your other officers of similar grade?
In 1831, a gentleman had char$eof the Indian bu-
reau at a salary of $t,6'i0; in 1832, the office of
Commissioner of Indian Affairs was established at
a salary of $3,000; in 1834, the gentleman at the
head of the Patent Office received #1,500; in 1836,
the office of Commissioner of Patfnts was esta-
blished, and the salary fixed at $3,000. The same
salaries are paid to your Register, your Comptrol-
lers, and your Auditors. Now, sir, I hazard no-
thing in saying that there is nothing which, upon
grounds oí relative ability, relative labor, and rela-
tive fidelity, can warrant the proposed distinction
against this veteran officer. If salaries are to be
reduced, let them be redoeed together, and upon a
fair and just scale, and do not direct all the force
•f your spirit of retrenchment against this indivi-
dual, who, in his youth, performed good service,
both in your army and navy, and who may be
found in his office at alt seasons—in autumn, win-
ter, spring, and sultry summer—from eigat o'clock
in the morning until late in the afternoon, devoting
his: energies, his great experience, and bis thorough
knowledge of this important branch of public bu-
siness, to your service.
Mr. HUBBARD remarked that on yesterday,
when this bill came from the House of Represen-
tatives, he moved that the Senate concur in the
proposed amendment. He was at the time aware
that his honorable colleague, who had this bill in
charge, was necessarily absent from bis seat; and,
without knowing his views at all upon the subject,
be moved a concurrence. He did this from a full
conviction that a regard to the public interests de-
manded an immediate action upon this bill. The
office of Commissioner of Pensions, it was known,
would expire with the expiration of the day. He
then stated, what ¡s now history, that if this bill was
not parsed before the adjournment of the Senate,
the office would be closed before the reassembling
of the Senate; thai it was, tnerefere, of the utmost
importance that the bill should be passed, and be
parsed without delay.
This, however, was not done. He had now
heard his colleague, and be fully appreciated the
feelings and sentiments which governed him. He
was perfectly aware that the committee of which
he is chairman, had reported the bill precisely as
it bad passed the Senate; and, as far as it re-
spects the salary of the Commissioner, the bill re-
ported was in perfect accordance with the existing
law. He was perfectly aware, also, that bis col-
league was not the advocate of hizh salaries His
votes since the commencement oí the present ses-
sion offered sufficient evidence of that fact; and he
differed not at all from bim in the estimation he
had given of the faithful aal valuable services of
the Commissioner of Pensions. Notwithstanding
all this, he was now, as he was yesterday, in
favor of concurring with the amendment proposed
by-the House of Representatives; and be would
state the considerations which must control bis
vole. This bill passed the Senate about four
weeks ago. It came from the House just as the
office of Commissioner of Pensous, was expir-
ing. He knew not what had occasioned this delay.
The only amendment proposed by that branch
was to reduce the salary cf the Commissioner from
three thousand to twenty-five hundred dollar . He
knew not, nor did ha wish to know, the particular
reasons which bad induced the House to agree to
that amendment. It had been done; and, for one,
he was not disposed, at this hour, to return the bill
again to the House. He could not tell whether
they would insist upon their amendment, or whe-
ther they would recede from it, or whether they
would not take up the bill until another four weeks
had expired. He would not, therefore, return the
bill to the House of Representatives, under existing
circumstances, but he would concur, and concur at
once; and if injustice should be meted out to the
Commissioner by the adoption of the amend-
ment, it will  e in the power of Congress
to correct the error iu some future legisla-
tion. And why would he not now concur in
the amendment of the House? Why would he
not send the bill back to the Housei For this rea-
son: the office is now closed—the doors are now
barred—and the old men and women who have
claims under your existing laws, cannot gain ad-
mittance to present them at the appropriate de-
partment. Tne whole pension system is now sus-
pended; and he would not, therefore, if Iu endd
prevent it, delay the passage of this bill a single
j moment. It should have been done before the ad-
11 joumment on yesterday. The suspension of any
I! one branch of the public service should not have
11  been permitted for a single hour.
In conclusion, he weuld again say, that he fully
.appreciated the views of his cilleague; but as he
deprecated further delay—as he regarded it as
most injurious to the public service, and most pre-
judicial to the particular interests of those seeking
to obtain pens-ions—he should feel constrained to
11 give his vote in favor of concurring in the amend -
i  ment.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama was willing to accord
all that was said by his friend [Mr. Piercb] from
New Hampshire in favor of the ability and faith-
fulness of the Commissioner.    According to the
statement made, he had originally received $2,500
for his duties, and he did not presume be was more
faithful now than then, or had more labor to per-
l form.   That he was competent and experienced
1 Mr. C. was willing to admit; but, at iSe same time,
I he was noL-prepared to admit that he was the only
I man that was so.   Able and efficient men might
[   be had todo the duties for the sum ofTered by the
i House.   The Judges of his own State got less, and
,   the Secretary of State five hundred dollars less; and
why was it that a clerk should be better compensa-
) i ted than the highest judicial authorities of the States?
| The time for retrenchment with him was whenever
. the question was presented for bis action, and he
¡. should bow call on the other side of the House—to
those who had been loud in (heir professions on the
score  of economy;   who had descanted so elo-
quenily on  the subjects of reform and retrench-
ment—to rally to hi? side, and aid him in carrying
l¡ out the measure, and he could assure them they
j   should have his aid and support in all similar
11 measures.
¡      Mr. GRUNDY spoke of the official worth of
, the Commissioner, from his own knowledge, while
(j acting as attorney Genral; his attention to his du-
1 j  ties was such as to commend him to the conside-
ration of the country.    He did not think $3,000
too high for the services, especially in a city where
living was so high as in this; but he could pot con-
sent to postpone the bill.   As far as his vote wa«
<   concerned, be should feel compelled to give it in
j   favor of a concurrence  with the amendment of
1  the House.
¡      Mr. WRIGHT thought that to make the reinc-
i    tion in an insulated case was wrong, but he hoped
the Senate would concur in the amesdment made
by the House, as the doors of the office were now
closed, and the pensioners could cot be attended to
í  in consequence of it,
,      Mr. PIERCE said the bill had passed the Senate
1 four  weeks  since, and has been returned now
with bat this amendment.   He was for seeding it
|   back again, and for letting the responsibility of
!   closing the office rest where it belongs.   If the
I   House choosesjet them keep it four weeks longer,
I   and justify themwlro fo their constiuenta if ihey
)   can.
