Mr. WALL wished to say a word in explana-
tion of his vote. He came there this morning with
an intention to vote against concurrence in the
amendment; bat the fact of the office being closed
had changed that determination. He never could
consent to increase labor, and at the same time di 
minish the salarv. He protested against the prin-
c pie that salaries should be proportioned to the fa-
cility of getting the situations filled; that because
persons could be found to take office for less than
others received, ihrrefore salaries were to be re-
duced. We might get plenty to do our duties
(said Mr. W.) for six, five, or four dollars per
day—ay, for nothing at all: but was that an argu-
ment in favor of reduction? The per diem which
he received he thought only a fair compensation
for die duties, and he was free to acknowledge
that he would not take the station for less; but no
doubt there were many that would. If the whole
of toe United States was searched, there could not
ke found a man more thoroughly acquainted with
the duties of his office than the one selected to com-
mence the experiment of economy on, and he could
not think of recording his vote for concurring in
the amendment of the House without bearing tes-
timony to the merit of that in 'ividnal. But the
citizens of the State he had (he honor in part to re-
present, was laigely interested in pensions, receiv-
ed for meritorious services in the Revolution, and
would suffer much inconvenience by an interrup-
tion of its operations, and he was compelled, by
these circumstances, to vote in favor of concurring
in the amendment.
Mr. PRENTISS expressed his determination to
concur in the amendment. He made no objec-
tions to individual;; but would concur in any
amendment where salaries were to be reduced, un-
til they were graduated by the scale of State offi-
cers.
Mr. WHITE said, if the question were as to an
original office, he would not hesitate in concurring
with the House; but he thought there were princi-
ples involved, which should not be sacrificed to
any question of mere convenience. It would he a
dangerous precedent for future legislation if we
were to commit an official impropriety on a mere
question of convenience. From his knowledge of
the rnles of the other House, he had confidence
enoagh to send it back, and then if that body would
not recede, why then it would be time to yield to
the eontrenienca of the measure. Mr. W. said he
was in favor of equal salaries with the States; bat,
in a city like this, it would be offering a premium
on celibacy, as a man of family could not live on
less than $3,000. He was for non-concariing, and
letting the responsibility rest on those upon whom
it ought to fall.                   *
Mr. PRESTON hoped the Senate would not
concur in the amendment. He thought the ad-
vantage to be gained by such a step would more
than counterbalance all the inconvenience. It was
not to be supposed that more than 48 hours, at far-
thest, would intervene between that time and per-
fecting the bill. There was another matter that he
desired should be reached, and which he believed
it was also the wish of some members of the other
body should be changed. By this bill the Navy
Pension Fand was transferred to this office—most
improperly, as be thought; and sending it back
would give an opportunity of amending it in that
particular.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said the Senator from
South Carolina had tired too soon in his race of re-
trenchment and reform. In a little discussion, the
other day, upon the reduction of a salary, he had
understood the Senator to pledge himself to go as
far as he (Mr. C.) would in that praiseworthy ob-
ject. But It appeared that, in the very next st«p,
the Senator was disposed to desert him. He want-
ed to see something like consistency preserved.
Mr. PRESTON said there was a pruriency in
the imagination of the gentleman in fixing upon
him the charge of inconsistency. What were the
facts of the case? When he had advocated a con-
currence with the amendment of the House the
other day, there was not a reduction, but the crea-
tion of a new office—a mere mechanical office, ¡not
requiring intellectual research. This was a very
different matter,   He was for giving a fair com-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pensation for mechanical labor, and a liberal com-
pensation for intellectual labor. This would be
the best economy. He was willing that there
should be a general retrenchment of the expendi-
tures of the Government; but net in striking at the
salaries of meritorious men. He was not d'S-
posed to go into a field, thrashing on ihis side and
on that, striking at the peace and comfort of fami-
-lies. If the Senator desired really to retrench the
expenses, he could find sufficient in the numerous
light-houses and harbors; and in that ca-.e he
would cheerfully go with him. He made these re-
marks with a view to correct any impressions that
might have been made by his observations of the i
other day. He did not go for putting the offices up i
to the lowest bidders. He was for giving such sa-
laries as would comport with liberal justice, and
the dignity of the Government.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said the Senator from  i
South Carolina had certainly beaten a retreat from  |
the ground occupied by him  ihe other day.   It
was within the recollection of Senators that, when
a similar question was before them ihe other day,
that gentleman had taken very broad ground in his
ideas of retrenchment.    He had eveu suggested a
redaction of the per diem of Senators.   No w,when
we were making new appointments, and fixing
new compensations, he did expect the Senator from
South Carolina would have gone with him in the
contemplated reform.    He found it very easy for
some gentlemen to talk of retrenchment and re-
form, but  it was very difficult to get a case which
they considered a proper one to act on.   And even
those who boasted most loudly of their economy,
were apt to falter when brought to a vote.
Mr. PRESTON said, if, by economy, the gen-
tleman means to take $500 out of t'ie pocket of a
meritorious officer, he woukl not do it; or to take
$100,000 out of the Treasury to make a road in
Alabama, he would not go with him in either case.
When he found a valuable public servant, he
could not rind it in his nature to cut him down the
meagre pittance of $500. His wish was to pay a'l
the public officers well; he thought the sjstem of
reduced salaries the worst species of extravagance.
Mr. CRITTENDEN did not know the officer
alluded to pe sonally; but he believed, from all he
could understand, that his official capacity justified
all that had been said. The business was one
certainly of no ordinary trust. Mr. C. wished,
when the matter of retrenchment was gone into,
that it should be general, not partial, in its bearing.
He should vote against the amendment of the
House.
Mr. PIERCE said he reported the bill containing
the clause which had been objected tovby the Sena-
tor from South Carolina, (the transfer of the Navy
Pension Fund to the office of the Commissioner,)
but it had been done after consultation, with the
Commissioner of Pensions, the Secretary of the
Navy, the Secretary of War, and the chairman of
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and had received
their full concurrence.
The question was then taken on concurring with
the amendment of the House, and carried—yeas
30, nays 13, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson,Benton,Brown,
Buchanan, Clay of Alabama, Clayton, Davis,
Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Henderson, Hubbard,
King, Linn, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Phelps
Prentiss, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Strange, Stur-
geon, Tappan, Wall, Williams, Wright, and
Young—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Belt , Calhoun, Crittenden,
Knight, Lumpkin, Merrick, Pierce, Porter, Pres-
ton, Spence, Tallmadge, Webster, and White—13.
So the amendment was concurred in, and the bill
finally passed.
THE SPECIAL ORDER.
The report of the Select Committee on the as-
sumption of State debts was then taken up, and
Mr. GRUNDY addressed the Senate at lengh, and
with great ability, in reply to the various objec-
tions against the report. Without concluding, Mr.
G¿ gave way for a morion to go into Executive
session.
After which, the Senate adjourned.
335
■ ■;■     v..r ■        a '    ■ .              T'.-V......■'   ■
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, March 4, 1840.
As toon as the journal had been read,
Mr. PETRIK1N asked leave to offer the Mow-
ing resolution, which was read for information 
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be
instructed to report to this House all toe facts in
relation to the furnishing this House with stationery
by the Clerk,inc'uding the difference of price paid for
the stationery furnished to the Senate and that fur-
nished this House; and, further, that they report all
the facts relative to contracts made by the Cleric
with S. D. Langtree for lithographing certain maps
authorized by the last Congress to be published,
and the pr.ce paid for the copperplate engraving
of the same maps published by order of the Senate;
and that said committee have power to send for
persons and papers in order to enable them to com-
ply with the foregoing instructions.
Objection being made, Mr. PETRIKIN moved
a suspension of the rules, to enable him to offer
it. And his motion prevailing, toe resolution was
received.
Mr. CHARLES JOHNSTON moved to amend
by striking out all alter the word resolved and in-
|   serting the resolutions offered by him last week, as
follows:
Whereas it is alleged   that   the Clerk of this
House, without theauhority of law, or sanction
ot the   House of Representatives, did, on the 25ih
day of Marcha and   23d day   of December last,
make two several contract, in writing, with one   S.
D. Lanatree,  and by which contracts said Lang-
tree agreed to furnish all the stationery, and exe-
cute all the lithographing and copper-plate engrav-
ing which should be required for the Twenty-sixth
Cengress, as may more lully appear by referring
to said contrac:  respectively:
I       And whereas it is alleged that, in pursuance Of
I   said contract or contracts, said Langtree (who is
nenher stationer, liihoatapher, nor engraver) has
'  furnished and delivered to said   Clerk, for the rise
1  of this House, a large quantity of stationery, and
has presented   his bill for the same, amounting to
$19,521 64; and that said stationery (particularly
|  the paper) is of an inferior quality, and ia charged
¡ at price equal to 30 per cent, above the usual
| prices of stationery of the best  quality, and by
, which difference of price and quality th¿ Govern-
ment (if said bill is allowed) would sustain a loss
of more than $4,000 for the stationery already de-
| livered; and, that, if said contracts should be sanc-
tioned by this House, and continued in force dur-
i ing the Tweoty-sixih Congress, the Government
I   wou'd be subjected to the  sacrifice of more than
$15,000, arising from the employment of another
person to perform the  duties   which the Ci^mc
himself is required to perform by the resolution of
-the House passed March 3, 1827, and onder which
it ha* bten the uniform practice of the Clerks of
this House to furnish  the stationery, until   the
¡   making of the contracts above referred to: There-
fore,
Resolved, That the Clerk of this House bas no
power or authority to make any prospective con-
tract which will require an application of moneys
out of the contingent fund of this House, oran ap-
, propriation by Congress to satisfy the same, with-
out the express authority of this House, and that
1 ihe contracts referred to in the foregoing preamble
are whnlly inoperative and void.
Resolved, neverthtless, That if the said Langtree
shall (in writing) elect to give up and cancel the
i    said two contracts, then, and in  that event, the
¡I  Committee on Accounts Are hereby authorised tó
audit and allow to him   his bill for stationery
already delivered, and services performed, under
i   süd contracts, subject to such deductions as ought
¡    to be made therefrom on occountof the quality and
I   the prices charged therefor.   And that said coin-
roiltee have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. J. then made some remarks on the principal
points of bis amendment, but more especially on
|    the power of the Clerk to make contracts.   The two
contracts made with Mr. Langtree in March and
]    December last were read at the Clerk'  table, after
I   which Mr. J. desired to know on what day ofJJt-
I   cember it was on which the Clerk was re-elected.
