CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*37
Mr. LAWRENCE said that conid be done by
general consent. There would be no objection, he
presumed, to referring the Northeastern boundary
question to tht? Committee on Foreign Affair* as
mon as tha message got into Committee of the
Whole.
Mr CLIFFORD then observed thai, with that
understanding, he had no objection to ihe motion
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The quesion was then taken - on Mr. Law-
rences motion, and it was cariied without a di-
vision.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if it was then in or-
der to move that the House resolve itself inlo a
Committee of the Whole, for ihe purpose of con-
sidering the President's message.
The SPEAKERsaid the motion would not then
be in order.        •
Mr. DROMGOOLE. Then, sir, I give notice
that I shall move every day, at one o'clock, to go
into Committee of the Whole, until the motion
shall prevail.
It being now a quarter past 5 o'clock,-
The SPEAKER proceeded to call the commit-
tees for reports, (pursuant to the rule which sets
apart one hour for the same,) commencing with
the Committee on Public Land*, where the call
had last been suspended.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, reponed
A bill to annex a certain tract of land to the Coo-
sa land district, in the State of Alabama, and for
other purpo'C*;
A bill for ihe relief of Suttler Stephens; and
A bill establishing an additional land district in
the State of Alabama;
which were severally referred lo Ihe Commitee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, from the same
eommittee, reported
A bill for the removal of the land office from
Chocchuma, Mississippi, to Granada, in said State;
and
A bill for the relief of Jas. L. Cockson;
which were referred to   the Committee of  the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. T. also made an unfavorable report on the
peti ion of Harrison R. Blanch, and asked that the
committee be discharged from the further conside-
ration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky, from the same com-
mittee, reported unfavorably on the petition of
John Cole; which report was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed; also,
A bill for the relief of the heirs of William Wil-
liams, deceased; and
A bill to allow further time to the trustee of
Cen:re College to dispose of ihe lands heretofore
granted for the Deaf and Dumb Asylum in the Slate
of Kentucky;
which   were   read twice,   and   referred   to   the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. JAMES GARLAND, fiom the same com-
mittee, reported
A bill for the relief of the representatives of
John Gumbale;
A bill for the relief of Mary Tucker;
Which were read twice, and referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. GRAHAM, from the Committee for the
District of Colombia, report d a resolution to ap-
propriate f 3000 for a temporary ferry between the
broken parts of the Potomac bndee; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the stale
of the Union, and ordered to be primed,
Mr. BEIRNE, from the same committee, report-
ed a bill to incorporate the Washington City Be-
nevolent Society.
Mr-JOHNSON of Maryland, from the same
committee, reported a resolution, that the
Committee for the District of Columbia be au-
thorized to employ a Clerk, and allow him |4 per
day; which resolution was rejected—yeas 62, nays
Mr. SERGEANT, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, asked to be discharged from the farther
consideration of the bill for changing the time of
holding the term of the District Court of Alaba-
ma; which was agreed to.
Mr. S. also reported
A bill for the relief of the heirs and repre-
sentatives of Thomas Atkinson, deceased;
A bill to enable the United Stales to discharge
liens and incumbrances upon certain real estates;
A bill confirming to the State of Indiana cer-
tain lands in that Siate; and
A bill for the relief of John H. Sheppard;
which were severally referred to the Committee of
the Whole on ihe stale of the Union, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOFFMAN, from the same committee, re-
ported
A bill for the relief of certain debtors of the
Unie.l Statrs, and to repeal certain acts relating
to such debtors; which was referred to the Com-
mittee ot the Whoie, and ordered to be printed.
The call for reports had proceeded only so far
as the Committee on the Judiciary, when the hour-
having elapsed,
Mr. R. GARLAND called for the orders oLíhe
day.                                                                /
Pending which motion, the House adjourn/d.
IN SENATE,
TasitsDAY. March 5, 1840.
BANKRUPT LAW.             i
Mr. BENTON presented a petitmu from the city of New
York, signed by Wra. 8. Parrott and one hondrStf and fifty
others, praying for the establishment of a uniform bankrupt
law in the United átate*.
Mr. Denton said that the petitioners in sending their
petition to him, a Senator from another Stale, while their
own Stale was represented on this floor, clearly expected
from him something more than its mere presentation; they evi-
dently expected him to say something on the subject-manor of
the petition, and probably of his own sentiments in relaiion t 
it. In this he had no objection 18gratify them. He had been
long enough in the Senate, and attentive enough to questions of
public interest, to have formed an opinion in relation to the
bankrupt question; and, having formed it, he had no objection
to express it on any proper occasion.
Assuming the present to be a proper occasion, he would go
on to say that, twice since he had been a member ot the Se-
nate, the subject of a general bankrupt law had been pressed
upon Congress—once in the House of Repiesentatives near
twenty years ago, and again in the Senate about adosen years
ago. With the first of these movements he had nothing to do,
the bill wliich originated in the House of Representatives hav-
ing been rejected in that body, without coming to the Senate; in
the second movement he acted a decided part, and was one of
twelve who then voted to include banks in the general law
against bankrupts. In the final question he voted against the
bill; and should so vote again in relation to a general bankrupt
law which should not be applicable to corporations as well as to
■persons.
Mr. B went on to say that there was a general movement go-
ing on at this time, in the principal cities, in favor of a nation-
;al Bankrupt law; and petitions were daily airiving in the Se-
, nate in favor of the object. All this was very natural after the
• wrecks whith had been made in the commercial world by the
■ expansions, contractions, and explosions of the paper system
¡ within the last seven years.   It was all very natural; but to
¡give a chance of success to the movement, it must emerge from
¡the narrow boundaries of a class, and spread out upon a broad
', basis, and assume a general and national form.   A bankrupt
bill for merchants and traders only, cannot be expected to pass:
it has been tried often and has failed. To fail again would be the
inevitable   fate of such a   movement, and that by a larger
'vote than heretofore; for all   the reasons for  including other
classes have now become stronger than ever.   Persons whe are
not merchante or trader?,'have been carried away by the spirit
. of the limes, and have be^n involved in debts Irom which they
. .see no means of extrication.   These have a right to the relief of
a bankrupt law, as well as those regularly engaged in trade; at
: the same time they should not be subject to the compulsory ap-
1 plication of the law.    With them the application uf the law
should be voluntary ana optional: it should only be applied to
them on their own petition; while with those regularly engaged
in trade,and particularly bound to know the laws of trade, and
to obey these laws, the application of the law should be com-
pulsory, and should take effect upon the petition of a  given
proportion of the creditors.    This  extension   of the prin-
ciple   of  the  act   would   make  it    universal    in   its ap-
plication to persons; its extension to corporations would be
all that would be wanting to make it entirely national, and fitly
applicable to every case in which the relation of debtor and
creditor existed.   Now the question is, why should not these
corporations be subject to the same law for bankrupts to which
natural persons are   subject?  and the answer is, that they
ought to be so subject—that their number—their wealth—their
privileges—their   duties—their conduct—their artificial struc-
ture—their relation to the community, and the relation of the
community to them; their power over the States in forcing a
violation of contracts, and the tender of paper money, and the
duty of Congress to prevent the States from impairing contract ,
or making any thing but gold and silver a tender i  payment ot
debts; all these circumstances and considerations point out cor-
porations, not merely as the fit and proper, but as the pre-emi-
nently fit and proper subjects for the application of a bankrupt
law.                                             .
Their number is excessive, and the number of persons be-
longing te each corporation is great. Take a single branch of
these corporations—the banks—and see the number of persons
interested in them, and see what a gap in a national law their
exemption from the bankrupt act would make. Their number
is computed at near one thousand; at an average ot forty or
fifty stockholders to each, a nan of fi>rty or fifty thousand men
would be given; all tobe exempt from the operation of a na-
tional la w.  Tet this is only tha beginning—it is the commence-
ment only of the exempted classes. The banks, numerous as
they are, are nothing but a unit in the vast sum of the corpora-
tions. The whole Union is filled with these artificial beings-
bodies of men associated for trade or business—protected by
acts of incorporation, and engaged in every conceivable pur-
suit of which the head or hand of man is capable. To say that
there are ten thousand of these corporations in the Union, would
be to make a guess iu a case where certainty is unattainable,
and where the guess would be as apt to be under as to be over
the mark. At the small estimate of twenty ot thirty members
to each of these corporations, there would result a body of two
or three hundred thousand men to be exempted from a law
called uniform and national.
The wealth of these corporations is great; the property which,
they hold is enornioua, and they constitute themselves debtois
to the whole community. Associated wealth is now the order
of the day; chartered incorporations possess an immense pro-
portion ol the wealth ot the country. In subjecting the pro-
perty, debts, an^l effects of an ordinary merchant or trader, to
distribution under a bankrupt law, I have no idea of exempting
from the eame process the immense and almost boundless
wealth held by chartered aud associated companies.
The privileges of corporations are also great. They possess
great and extraordinary privileges; and I hava no idea of add-
ing to the number of these privileges by exempting them from
the operation of a law directed against other debtors. They
have the benefit of all the laws against debtors; if a bankrupt
bill is passed, they will have the benefit of that also against
those who are in debt to them. They will be included in tha
list of creditors (uta pro rata distribution of the debtor s effect?..
Then why exempt them from the effects of a law against them-
selves, the benefit of which they have against others? These
corporations have privileges enough already, and far too many I
It is not extension, but diminution of privileges, which they
ought to look for. Many of them pay no taxes; the pro-
perty of the stockholders is not liable for the. debt*
of the institution; they sue their debtors, sell their property,
and put their bodies in jail. They have the privilege of stamp-
inz bits of paper with figures and pictures, and forcing it upon
the •ommunity for money; they have the privilege of usury;
for they may lend, and that by law, three or more paper dolíate
lor each silver one they possess. In addition to all this, they
take the privilege of becoming bankrupt when they please.
They piacuse bankruptcy when and bow they please: they
have given examples «nough of that within these three yeaia
past: and is it tobe tolerated, that these.corporations, w addi-
tion to all their other vast privileges and exemptions from law,
are also to have the privilege of being bankrupt, and afflicting
the country with the evils of bankruptcy, without being than .
selves subjectto the laws of bankruptcy!
The duties of these corporations make them peculiarly fit for
the remedies of a bankrupt law. Their duties are to pay mo?
ney, and to pay itpunclually. They deal in money: they live
by dealing in it: they get rich by dealing in it: and they get
possession of the actual money of the country, by promising
to pay it back again when wanled. Tuey receive deposits,
than which nothing can be more sacred, nor impose a higher
obligation to return with fidelity. They exact a credit Irom
the whole co i.munity, by their promise to pay on demand the
amount of the notes they issue. It is their duty to pay. thet e
deposites and these notes, and to pay with fidelity and puncttv
ality. It is their sacred duty to do so: and if they fail in thet
duty, they are far more fit and proper subjects for the opeiation
of a bankrupt law than the ordinary merchant and trader.
The conduct ef these corporation  is anothei reason for sub-
jecting them to the bankrupt law, and that conduct consists in
refusing to pay when they can pay I Disability is one thing
—disinclination is another. Not to be able to pay, may be un-
fortunate; not to be willing to pay, must be criminal; and this
is the case w.th the greater part of the non-paying banks of the
Union. They affirm their ability w pay: most of theui deny
that they weie under any necessity to stop paymeat; and affi m
that they only did so because others had set the example: some
ef them intact are shipping millions ol specie to Europe,whi;e
denying a shilling to their depositors and cote holders at home:
and many of them resist resumption by others as well aa by
themselves. This is the conduct of the non-paying banks; and
it is evil conduct—bad conduct—misconduct—and eminently
entitles them to the most rigorous treatment against bankrupts.
The artificial structure, and the trustee character of these
corporations, is another argument in favor of subjecting them
to the bankrupt process. They are artificial, not natural be-
ings: they are trustees, not owners, of the property of the cor-
poration. If the natuial man, made by the hand of the Al-
mighty, impressed with his image, and endowed with inherent
a id inalienable right  by his Creator—one ef which is the right
of acquiring property; if this natural man may have the pro-
perty taken out of his hands which is his own, which lie lit 
gained by his industry, or received by inheritance from hisan-
ceslors, or accepted as a portion with his wife; if this natural
man may ihue be stripped of his men, and see it placed in the
hands of assignees for distribution among his creditors, with
what face can the artificial being, called a corporation, which
his neither parent, wife, nor child, and whose mai ajtrs
are nothing but trustees, managing property which is
is not their own—with what face can this artificial being, ai.d
its trustees, claim an exemption from a process to which the
natural man, and his t ell-owned estate, is to be subject? Iu
one case, the owner of the property is substituted by trvittm;
in the other eaae, it is only anew estof trustees substituting a 
old set. The assignees of a bankrupt's estate become the
trustees of the property for the benefit of the creditors; and if
the legal owner may be superseded and substituted by thf se
legal trustees, why may not a bank directoiy (who are nothing
but chartered trustee?,) give place to other trustees appointed
by the law? The result of their management, supposing the
bank over which they preside to commit an act of bunki nptcy;
the result of iheir management is a proof that they are either
unfortunate, or incapable, or unfaithful trustees; and in either
event, it is consonant to justice to chance them for others;
and this is all that a bankrupt law would propose to do. It
would turn over their (rust to a new set of trustees, to make a
settlement of the concern, and to pay off, as far as possible,
the pei sons to whom they had become indebted, and to whom
they were either unwilling or unable to make payment, er
among whom they might exercise favoritism; paying some,
and refusing others.
The relation of these corporations to the community,  nf *•
relation of the community to them, i  another strong end pe-
culiar reason for subjecting them to the Btrong arm, and te ine
equitable provisions, of a bankrupt law.    f >" '■• «V" 
