338
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&
upon tha earth able to contract debts—of all the classes of
debtors, natural orartificial—banks of circulation are the most
fit and proper sobjsc's for bankrupt laws    Every part of their
structure, and the wh >le course of their action, mark them out
for the application of the remedy which  the bankrupt laws
apply    They ara too strong for in Imduals to conti nil with,
and therefore  should he placed in contention with a strong
power    They  are too strong   for State power, and there-
tore  should be  placed in   conten  in   with   the  I ower of
the   • nited futes, and happily, that power is  vested in
the United States bv the Federal Constitution    As BANKS,
Congress cannot exercise any direct legiblation o\er these mstl
tutions, as BANKRUPTS, they fall under its jurisdiction   All
that Congress has to do then is to exerci«e its constitutional
power over bankrupts , and it will present in authority strong
enough to contend with banks, and to keep them in subordina
Hon to the hws of the country-   Their course ot action, still
more than their great power, renders them peculiarly fit for the
bankrupt process   They act in secret, and they exact a general
credit from the community     Nobody knows their mean , yet
everybody must trust them    They send "their promises to
pat/" far and wide   they pu^h them into every body's hinds
they make them small that they may get into the hands of
«mall dealers—into the hands of the laborer, the widow, the
child, the ignorant,   and  the helpless    Suddenly ihe   bink
stops    payment      it    refuses   t"   pay,    while   professing
ability to pay   and all these ho'ders of its ' promises" are
repulaed from its door, and without remedy    A few on the
spot get a little, the strong, and the favored, may get their due
the mass become the victims    If it is a suspension, they Bell
at a discount, if a/atiure, they lose all    For each holder of a
■mall note to sue upon it, is a troublesome and la mg business
The only adequate remedy—the only remedy that promises
J 8) ice to the community—is the bankrupt remedy of assignees
ti distribute the effects    This makes the real effects ai ail ible
When a bank stops, it has little or no specif, but it has or
ou'dv to have, a good mass of solvent debts  At present all these
i Ms are unavailable to the community they go to a few large
and   favored  creditors,  and those who  aie  in «t in need—
the holders of the small notes—get nothing    But a strong
•r Tiew remains to be t ken of these riein       The mas* of
tiem are generally due from the stockholders and directorsofihe
bink, and these gentlemen do not make themselves pay They do
not sue themselves, and sell their own property, ami put their
own bodies in jail    They serve others so    They sue, sell out,
and imprison others, but as to themselves, who are the mam
debtors, it isqtiite another affair    They take their time, and
usually wait till the notes of the bank are heavily depreciated,
and then squars OfFwith a few cents m the dollar    They pay
their notes in bank with their notes out of bank boucht at a (lis
count.   Here, then, is a crying case for the bankrupt remedy
A commission of bankruptcy is the remedy for this evil    A
change of the trustees—a substitution of assignees m the place
of the directory—is the way to make this class of debtors pay
up    & prorata distribution is the way to do justice to all
Under the bankrupt remedy, every holder of a nue  no matter
how small in amount the note may be—no matter how far dts
tant from the bank the holder may reside—on forwardit g the
note to the assignees, he will receive ins rateable proportion of
the bank's effects; and that without trouble, without expense,
and without personal attention from himself
Besides these great reasons for applyma a bankrupt law to
Corporations, there are other gieat t urpo«es to le accom
plished, and some most sar red duties to be fu'filled tv the sime
means. Onr Constituían contains three most vital r rol lbi
lions upon the Sta'es, of which the Federal Government is the
guardian and the guaran ee an ' which are now pool cly tr< ri
don under foot Ao State thah emu bills ofcredit noS'a'e
shall make any thm% but geld and slier a tender in pay
ment of debts no Stale shall pass any law impairing the
obligation of contracts Sosiyn tbf Constitution ' So = i\s
that sacred fundamental la  v. inch it 1= ihe tin y < f eveiy cm
«en to protect, preserve, and defend But a i iw ffwn Ins
sorung up among us, and has annulltd all these pioh Ijinnns
That new power is the oliearchv of banks' Thsnliear
chy has done what the States dare not do It has fil'ed the
whole land wi h bills ol cr<dit, f r all admit thit a bank
Bite not convertible at the will of (he holder M > «pecie is a
b 'I of credit, Il his set aside the con titutioml currency and
made paper money, and even depreciated paper, a foiled len
der in payment of every debt It has violated its own con rac s,
aid compelled all individuals, and the Federal Giveinmrt
aid the State Governments, to v olate theirs, and h in ob>ain<d
from sover ign ¡States an express sanction ora eilentatqui
escence, in this double violation of sacred duties ai d in ih s
triple annulment of constituiionat ob igations This is what the
oligarchy of banks has done, this is wh it many ot the banks art,
now doing, and he way to prevent these evils—the way to
preserve, protec , and defend our Constitution in these vital
particulars, and to do it without a collision with the States—is
to ex rcise our constitutional power of applying a bankrupt
law to bankrupt banks
Mr B said there was nothing new in applyw? a bankrupt
Taw to banks It was dene in England, where NINE IT TWO
banks were subjected to this process In the years 1S14, '15 and
'16, and many others before and since The remedy was on
ftioilty directed against bankers, and banl ers alone We go*
th  idea of this law from theEn Heh, they cot v fiom the 1 a
liansof the middlp ages, and these Italians obtained it fiom the
civil law of tha Romans In alf these countiiea—in ancient
Roma, in modern Itaiy, in England—toe bankrupt law applied
to corporations, and especially to banks and bankers, and it is
only in the United States that these institutions have become
too powerful to be subject to the laws which app y to them in
other countries In England alone, there is a liniuat on U the
application, the Bank of England, tha £ast India Company and
some others, being exempt.
In presenting the petition sent to him from the city of New
York, Mr B thought it proper to say thus much <,f h s opi
mona in relation to the subject of the petition It might lie of
some servic  to those engaged in calline the attention of C< n
Kress to the passage of a general law to know that, by uirlud
fng banks, they may gam some accession—his accession at least
—to their cause, and it might be some consola ion to the bant-
ridden people of this country to know, that they can regulate
thesatinstitutions, and make thetn subordinate to the laws of the
•oumry, whenevtr they ehoos* to apply a bankrupt law to
them
Mr B concluded with hailing, as one of the auspicious signs
of til  time —as showing the progress of the age towards cor
jryot principles—th  enthusiasm with which was rsctived, a
few days a^o, in a great city, and in a large meeting of mixed
politicians, the sentiment of including corporations iu the pro
visions of a gt-neral bankrupt law He alluded to the great
meeiuif; lately held in too city of New York presided over by
the Mayor, (Mr Vanan.) an 1 atten 'e 1 by the business commu
nity, w thout distinction of parties In that meeting, Mr But-
ler, the late AttorneyJGeneral of the United States, being called
on lor his opinion, give it in favor of includingcorporttions in
the same act which si ould apply to persons, and the suntiment
was received with enthusiasm—with vehementnpplause
Mr B said this was cheering—it was encouragement to go
on Twelve yeais a o, when himself and a few Senators voted
in favor of including banks in the bill then ^e ending 'heir
vote found little or no response in the public bosom Thre'v
years ago when he made a speet h to the same point, lie leceived
nothing but solitajy responses, coming fiom individuals, in dif
ferent parts of the X nion Now the sentiment finds its re-
sponse in the bosom of the lareest meeting ol business men in
the first cty of the New Work1, am1 trom this gieat centre it
mii'l lo lorth to find responses irom every quarter ol the
Uní n
Mr It then presented the petition, which received the usu-
al reference to the ludiciary Committee
The CHAIR presented a message from the Pre-
sident of the United Slates, in reply to a resolution
of ihe Senate of the 17th of February, in relation
to the necessity of further legislation in regard to
the papers of vessels bound on foreign voyages,
which was referred to the Commiitse on Com-
merce.
Also, a resolution of the House of Representat-
ives ot the Tem'orj of Fkrida, to pneure the
p?s ase of a law to authorize the saleot certain lots
in the town of St. Ma'ks, in that Territory; which
was referred to the CommitWe on the Public
Lands.
ftjr HENDERSON presented resolutions of the
Legislattue of tne State of Mississippi, in favor of
ihe pas^ge oí ihe Independent Treasury b;J), and
of Ü e bill to graduate *he price of the public lands
lo ac<uil settlers, and approving the policy of the
past and present Administrations; which were read,
and ord-red to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from citirens
of New York, praying for the enactment of a gene-
ral banktupt law; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. W. aho presented a memorial from cit zens
of E'sex county, New York, praying a reduction
of tne ra'es of postage.
Mr.TAPPAN presented a letter from William
D.J nes, asking c mpensaium for extra services
performed wh le consul at Mexico; which, with a
r^Milution of n-quiry on the subject, was reftrieJ
t > the Ci mmit ee on Fo eign Affair!..
Mr. LINN,  fr<m ihe Committee  on Private
Laid C aim , rejoind a bill foi   he relief of Jchn
Cunp on; whi h was lead, and ordered to a second
is iing
Mr WALL, from ihe Jo nt C mmittte ot the^
L brary, made a report on the subject of'he Ma-*
d v n Papers, by wh ch  it appears 'hat lhey have
teen prin ed, ami ate ready lor de ivcrj: t,e ieport
was ordered to b* prin'el.
Mr. HUBBARD, fiom ihe Committee on
C aims, to which was referred the petiusnof Wil-
liam McM.ihi n, n ade attadvcise uptrt the on;
wh ch was orleretl to he prin ed.
Mr. CLAYTON, frcrn h* Committee of the Ju-
diciary, to whic"i was referred ihe mernotial cf
Sanuif 1 Lord, made a re¡ on ireretn, accompanied
by a bul for his i el lef, which was real, and or-
dered lo a second reading.
Mr YoUNG, from the Committee on Roads
and Canasto which wasrefenedthe memorial of
ct'izeas of Ohio, f r a road from the  al ey ot the
Obi i io tie va k-y of the Co'ua.bia r ver, made an
adverse report t>¡rr on
On motion of Mr. TALLMADGE,
Retohed, That iheSetr tary of ihe Senate be,
and hereby is, authorized to p.iy out of the con-
tingent fund of the Senate, any excess of postage
cha->g"d upen packages directed to members of the
Senate upen public buiirress.
On motion of Mr NICHOLAS,
Resolved, That ihe Committee on the Post Office
and Pot Roar's b- instructed lo inquire if any and
what further kg slation may be nece«siry to 1-
sure the prompt and punciual trangportaiion of
the mail between Mobile and New Or eans.
On motion of Mr. WHITE,
Rtiohtd, That the Secretary of the Treasi ry b«
dire ted torepirtto ihe Senate what amount ot
money has accrued, be.ng ihe 5 per cent of the
nett proceeds of the lands lying wuhm the State of
Alabama, reserved for the purposes specified in
6th section of the act of Congress, 2d March, 1819,
entitled an act to enable tha people of Alabama
Ternttry to form a Cons ltution and State Govern-
ment, and for the admission of such State into the
Union ou an equal footing with the original States,
and what poition of ihe 3 per cent, (jiarce' of -aid
5 per cent, tund) au'honzed bj the said act to be
expended under the dneetion of the Legislature of
Alabama, hai been paid to the State of* Alabama.
BILLS PASSED.
Tha bill to extend for a It nger time the several
acts now in force for the relief of insolvent debtors
of the United State?, and
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to make an arrai gement or compromise wi h
any of the vureiies on bonds given to the United
States by Samuel Swartwout, late collector ot the
customs for ihe poit of New York;
weie severally read a third time, and passed.
THE SPECIAL ORJER.
The repoit of the Select Committee on the as-
sumption of Sta'e debts, was then taken up, and
Mr. GRUNDY concluded his remarks on the sub-
ject.
After some further remarks from Mr. GRUNDY
and Mr. TALLMADGE,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursiuv-, March 5, 1840.
Mr. CHINN asked leave to offer a resolution,
calling- upon the PovtmaMpr General for informa-
tion ra'atmg to ihe irregularities of the mail be-
tween New York and New Orleans.
Objection having been made by Mr. CRAIG,
Mr CHINN said the question was one of im-
portance to ihe whole country; and he moved a sus-
pension of the rule.
Which motion having been put, the House re-
fused to suspend the rule.
Mr JONES of Virginia asked permission fo offer
a resolution that ihe House shall, on to-morrow,
go into Committee of the Whole oa the slate oí the
Union, unt'l one o'ejoek, for the parpóle < f con-
sideung the bill authonz ns the issue of five mil-
lions of Treasury notes and ihat the bill be con-
sidered eveiy morning, t thesam hour,un'il finally
d spo^ei (f.
Mr GR WES objected. He thought th • retter
way would be to go on wi*n Hip regalar business
nn the Speaker's 'able, by «huh c< u sj the Sub-
Tiea-uf} b II might probably be reached to-day,
an«t referred.
Mi. JuJNES assured the gentleman from Ken-
tucky that the Sub-Treasury lili woudbe taken
up and refcrrtd at the earliest rncttcaMe moment.
He, himself, would thortly a k its refererce to the
Committee of Ways and Means, after whioh,
although he woo d give no pie 'ge as> ti the t me
when it woa'dbe r«ported, yet the gentleman might
depend that it would be acted upon with the least
po-siti'e d"lay. He rep ated ihat oa hi* part no
effort shou d be wanting to bring it before the
House at the earlies practicable moment.
Mr. J. then moved a suspension of the roles
to enab'e him to < ffer the res dut on; wvmh motion
was negatived, yeas 103, nays 73, as follows, [not
two-thtn's ]
YEA<-Messrs Jiidson Allen, Hugh J Anderson, Athwton.
Bank , Beatty, Beirne, Buldle. Bovd B-ewsier, A V Brown,
Albert G Blown, Burke, VS i liaai O Bu'.er, Carr, Carrol', Ca-
Bey, Clifford, Connor, Mark A Cooper, Craig, Dana, Da\ee,
J>hn Davis, John W Daws, Doan X) ig Dromroole, Earl,
Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fleteher, Floyd, F.-rnarce, James Gar-
land, Gerry. Gnffin, Hammond, Sand John Hastings, Haw-
kms, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Uol'eman, Holmes, H< ok,
Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Jameson, J iseph Johnson, Cave
Johnson, J W Jones, Keisn Kemble, Leet, Leonard, Lowell,
Lucas, McClellau, McCulloh, McKay, Mai ory," Marcband, Mil-
ler, Mon-gornery Samuel W Morris, Nfvhard, Nisbet, Parish,
Parmemer, Paynter, Petrikm, Pickens, Premiss, Bamsey,
Reynnlds, Rhett, Rives, Edward Rogers, lames Rogers, Shaw,
Shepard, Albert Smith, John Smith, Ihomas Smith, Stark-
weather Steenrod, Strong, Snm'er, bweanngen, Sweeny, Tay
lor, Philip F Thomas, lacob Thompson, Turney Vamferpoel,
David DWagener, Wa-terson, Weller, Jared W Williams,
Henry Williams, aud Wonhington—103
NATS—Messrs Adams, John W A Pen Andrews, Bell,
Bond, Bnegs, Brockway, Calhoun, Carter, Chittenden, Clark,
( tishing, Edward Davias, Dawson, Deoerry, Dennis, Diltett,
Edwards, Evans, Rice Garland, Gates Gentry, Gogem Goode,
Graham, Grvnger, Graves, Green, Grmhell, Hall William  
Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, Hum,
James, Jenifer, Charles Johnston, Kempehall Lincoln, Mason,
mtensll, Morgan, Calvary Morns, Ogle, Osborne, Pope, Ran,
