CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
239
•all. Randolph, lUriuan.Rajoer, EMgway, Russell, Simootw,
Nada, Treman Smith, Stanly, Btorrs, Stuart, Taliaferro, W.
TJiouipeon. TillinghasuToltnA Triple , Trumbull, Peter J.
W« n«r Edward D. Whit , John While, 1 liorna* W. Wil
Kama Lewis Williams, Christopher U. Williams, and Shtrrud
W^auia—73.
The standing committees wtra toen called on for
reports.
Mr. BRIGK3S moved that the House da now
proceed to the orders of the day.
Mr. CAMPBELL hoped before the House pro-
ceeded to the orders of the dar, that he might be
permitted to make the report from the Committee
of Elections, on ibe New Jersey case.
In answer to a question as m whether the report
eou'-d not be rrceived at any time,
The SPEAKER re-ponded that the report coald
only be received when reports should be in order
from the Commit ee of E'ect.ons.
Mr. CAMPSELL then moved a suspension of
the roles to enable him to make the report.
Srseral members suggested to Mr. C that tve
better coarse would be to allow the question first to
be taken on the motion of Mr. Briqos, as tn case
the Honse should refuse to proceed to the orders
of the day, the call for reports would be continued,
so that the report conld be made in order.
Mr. CAMPBELL ihea withdrew his motion to
aaspend the roles.
The question was then taken on the motion to
take up ihe orders of the day, and it was negatived
—yeas 83, nays 104.
Mr. SAMUELS, from tha Committee on the Judiciary, re-
p ted
A. tall for tha renef o! Sarah 6. (kith and hat children; which
was twice read and co nmiued
Aleo made an unfavorable report ou the petition oí the repre-
sentatives of Peyton Randolph, deceased: which waa laid on the
table.
Mr. BTORRS, from the same committee, reported a bill for
the reliet of Benjamin Fry; which waa read twice, and com
mined.
Mr. TURNEY, from the same committee, reported
A bill (or therelief of Joseph Wall , and the htir  and legal
representatives of Robert Leckie and Jeremiah D. Hayden, de-
A bill to refund a fine imposed on the late Matthew Lyon, un-
éter the sedition law, to hie he in and legal representatives;
which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. CRARY, from the same committee, reported a bill for
the relief of William Saunders and William R. Porter, aunties
of William Eslis; which was read twice, and committed.
Mr. CRAIG, from the Committee on Revolutionary Claims,
resorted a bill to authorize the payment of the seven years'
hall say, due on account of the death of Captain William
Gregory, to the person or persons entitled to the same; which
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. TaLIaFERRO, Irom the same committee, reported s
hill to authorize the payment of «ven years' half pay of a lieu-
tenant, doe on account ol the death of Lieutenant Jonathan Uye,
who was killed in the battle of Brandy wine; which was read
twice and commuted.
Mi. HALL, from the same committee, reported ths followir g
resolution, which was agreed to by the House:
JSttotved, Tuatihe Committee on Revolutionary Claims be
instructed 10 inquire into the character and amount ef proof
which is required l y exis ine laws and regulations to establish
claims on the U. States lor Revolutionary services in the Virginia
continental and Stats line and navy; and whether any, and what
further legislative provisions be necessary in regard to the mode
of adjusting and allowing claims for soch services; aad that the
reports of a select committee on the same subject made at the
last session, wnh the papers accompanying said reports, be re-
ferred to the said Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. ELY. made unfavorable reports on ths cases of the heirs
of Captain Jacob Cohen, the heirs of Captain Leigh ton Yan-
cey, and ths heirs of Richard Epperson; which were laid on the
table.
Mr. MONTGOMERY made an unfavorable report on the
ease of the heirs of Captain Abraham Livingston: laid on ths
tabla.
Mr. RANDOLPH made unfavorable reports on the enees of
the heirs of Capt. B lough Shelton, the heirs of Capt. Garland
Burnley, the heirs of Patrick Coy le, the'heirs ol Ca t. Daniel
McNeil, and the heirs of,Captain William Xangberne: laid on
the table.
. On motion, the Committee on Revolutionary Claims were
discharged from the case of George Townley; and it was laid on
the table.
Mr. BRIGGS, from the Committee on Public Expenditures,
reported the following resolution; which was read, and lakl on
the table:
iUssised, That, (ha duties originally assigned to ths Com-
mittee on Public Expenditures, by the rules of the House hav -
log sines been transferred toother committees,and the said Com-
mittee nnPublicExpenditures having no duties to perform, the
ruis forBs appointment be abolished.
Mr. COR WIN, from the Committee on the Public Lands, re-
ported
A bill granting a township of land to the Territory of Florida
for the establishment of the Dade institute;
A bill for the relief of the owners of bounty land warrants
granted for military services in the late war between the Unhed
Bute* and Great Britain;
A bill to authorize the Legislature of the State of Tennessee
to sell the lands heretofore appropriated for the ose of schools in
that State;
which bills were severally read twice, and committed to ths
Committee of the Whole, on ths state of the union.
Mr. WICK, from the •ommitte* «a Private Land Claims, re-
ported
A bill for the relief of the children of Stephen Johnson, d«-^
ceased;
A bill for the rel.ef of Mary Snmfe;
A bill foi the relief of Hyacinth Laasel;
which were severally twice read, and committed.
Mr. HASTINGS, Irom the same committee, reported
A bill lor the relief of William Marburyol Louisiana; which
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. BUTLER ol Kentucky, ftoin the same committee, re-
ported
A bilt for the relief of certain settlers on the salt lick reserva-
tion, in the Western District of Tennessee;
A bill for the reliefof Chilton Allen and others;
which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. R. GARLAND, from the same committee, reported
A bill fir the r lief of the heirs and legal representatives of
Don Carlos De Vilcmont; which was lead twice, and com-
mitted.
Mr. E D. WHITE, from the «ante committee, made a re-
pod on the cases of Pteire Molaison, Pierre Richaux, Francois
Martin, Alice Foley, and Alexander Comeon, accompanied hy
a bill for ths reliel of Pierre Molatsnn and othe rs.
Mr DILLET, from the same < ominittee, reported
A bill confirming the claim of Augustine tacaste to a certaia
tract of land therein named; aud
Abill fir the relief of Oliver Welch:
which were read twire, and committed.
Mr. 1' also reported Senate bill, without amendment, enti-
tled "An act to ronfiim the title to a certain tract of land in the
county of Mobile, in the átate of Alabama."
Oa motion, the Committee on Private Land Claims were dis-
charged from the cases of the representa' ives of Gregory 3ar-
pey and the representatives of Charles Brown's hairs. And
said cases were laid on the table.
On motion, the Committee on Ptlvate Land Claims were dis-
charged from the petition of Samuel Myers; and it was laid on
the table.
Mr. ADAMS, from the Committee on Manufactures, re-
ported an act to insure the nore faithful execution of the laws
relating to the collection of duues on impotts; which was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported
a resolution, which was agreed to, that the Committee on In-
dian Afaits, charged with the consideration of a memorial al-
leging fraud in the negotiation of the treaty made with the Cad-
do Indians on the 1st July, 1835, have power to send for persons
and papers.
Mr. CaVE JOHNSON, from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, reported
A mil inakmr an appropriation for surveying tha Cumber-
land road from Vandalia,Illinois, to Jefferson City, Missouri;
An act making allowances to paymasters of the army;
A bi 1 authorizing the Commissary General of Subsistence to
employ to additional clerks in his office;
Also, sundry amendments to the bill to authorize the Presi-
den: of ihe United States to raise a fores of 1,C00 men to serve
against the Florida Indians;                                                             I
A *iill to provide for the better protection of ths Northwestern >
frontier;                                                                                           !
a bul making appropriations for the establishment of certain I
fortifications;                                                                                   j
which were severally read twice, and committed,
Mr. GOGGIN, from the same committee, made a report upon
the memorial of General Daniel Parker, accompanied by a bill I
for his re ief; which were ordered 11 be printed, together with a !
repoit made in the same case, at the second session of the !
Twwnty-fifih Congress, and made the order of the day for to- j
morrow.                                                                                           j
Mr. G. also, from the same committee, made a report on the j
petition of Nathaniel offutt snd ot!,era, ei;izenn of the county ;
of Hampshire, in Virginia, askmz the release of Valentine Caw I
gill f om service in the army of the United Staes, adverse to the I
same: laid on the table, and ordered to be print !.                           I
Mr. KF.MHl.li, from the same committee reported
A bill to equalize the pay of the army, and for other pur-   I
poies: which was read twice, and referred to the Committee of
the Who.e on the state of the Union.
Also, an adverse report in the case of William Stridor; which
was laid on the tab'e.
Mr. HOLLEtoAN, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, re-
ported a bill for therelief of the su relies and heira and repre-
sentatives of Melancton M. Bostwich, deceased; which was
read twice, ami committed.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the same committee, reported a hill
authorizing the construction of a dry d >ck for the naval ser-
vice in the harbor of New York; which was read twice, and
referred to the Committee of the Whole on ths state of the
Union,
Mr. HOWARD, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
reported a bill for the relief of Alexander H. Everett; which
was read tiwee, and committed.
Mr. PICKENS, from the same committee, reported a bill to
refund certain duties in the ease of the French ship Alexandre;
which was read twice, and referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the slate of tne Union.
Ordered, That the Committee en Foreign Affairs be dis-
charged from the petitions of citizens in relation to a Con-
gress of Nations foi the preservation ef the peace of ths
world; also, from the petitions of Heman Cady and Jonathan
Walker.
Mr. CLIFFORD, from the same committee, reported a reso-
lution, which was agreed to, directing the Committee on Fo-
reign Affairs to inquire what legislation, if any, is necessary to
secure to the State of Maine her rights of jurisdiction accord-
ing to the treaty of 1783, and to protect hst in the enjoyment
of the same against foreign invasion.
Mr. STUART, ftom the Committee on Territories, reportad
A bill for the relief Jeremiah Smith, jr.; and
A bill to amend ths act establishing the Territorial Govern-
ment of Wisconsin;
wííi-b. were read twice, and commuted.
Mr. RjAMSEY, from the same committee, reported a bill
concerrmg the judiciary of Winconsin; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. FOPE, from the satre committee, reported
A bill to authorize the Legislative Council of Iowa to in-
creas  the jurisdiction of justices of ths peace in said Terri-
a'wh m enable the people tf low  to form a Constitution
and State Government, and for ths admission of stwh Slats into-
the Union;
A bill to authorize the people of Middle and West Florida to
form a constitution, preparatory to being admitted into the
Union as a State; and
A joint resolution disapproving certain laws of the Governor
and Legislative Assembly of Wisconsin;
which were severally twice read, and committed.
Mr. E. DAVIS, from the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, reported
A bill for the reliefof Elizabeth Davidson;
A bill lor the reliel of John H. Genther;
A bill for the relief of the heirs' and legal representatives of
William Lomax;
A bill for the relief of Jacob Becker;
A hill fur therelief of JabezCollina;
A bill for the relief of Phoebe Dickman,
A bill for the reliefof James Phelps;
A bill for the relief ol William B. Winston;
which were severally read, and committed.
Mr D. asked to be discharged from petition of Polly Hale,
anil that it be referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the same committee, reported
A hill fui the íelief of F.lizabeth Jones, and «there,-
A bill forthe relief of Thompson Hutchinson;
A bill granting a pension to Catharine Allen;
A bill for the relief of John England;
A bill forthe relief of James Dealtey;
A bill for the relief of Hugh Davis;
A bill ¿ranting a pension to Chauncey Rice;
A bill io amend and explain the ads passed the fourth day of
July, 1836, and on theseventh day of July, 1838, allowing pen-
sions to the widows of deceased officers and soldiers of ths Re-
volution;
which were severally read twice, and committed.
Mr. BROCK WAY, from the same committee, reported
The bill for the relief of William A. Cuddeback;
A bill granting a pension to Eliza Foochee;
The bill for the relief of Elizabeth French;
which were severally read twice, and committed.
Mr. STEENROD, from the same committee, reported
The bill for the relief of Joseph Bailey;
The bill for the relief of George Morris;
A bill for restoring the name of John Latham to the penstea
roll;
A bill (or the relief of Benjamin Mitchell;
A bill granting a pension to Reuben Murray, of the State of
Virginia;
A bill forthe relief ef Wealthy Baker, widow of Isaac Baker,
deceased;
A bill granting a pension tn James Boylan;
A bill lor the reliel of Job Halsey;
which were severally read twice, and committed.
Mr. HAND, from ihe same committea, reported
A bill granting a pension to Leonard Smith;
A bill for the relief of Nathan Baldwin;
A bill for the relief of Sarah Oakley;
A bill f r the relief of Ichabod Beardsley;
A bill for the relief ef Jacob Adams;
which weie severally read twice, and committed.                       •
Mr. ANDREWS, from the same committee, reported
A bill granting a pension to Elizabeth Case, widow of James
Case, deceased;
A bill for the relief of the administrators and heirs ef John
Lii.dsey, deceased;
A bill granting a pension to Thruston Cornell;
A bill granting a pension to Martha Strong;
A bill granting a pension to Benjamin Price:
A bill gramma a pension to David W. Sleeth;
A bill granting a pension to James J Coffin;
which were severally read twice, and commuted.
Mr. TAYLOR, irom the same committee, reported
A bill lor the relief ol Conrad Widiie;
A bill restoring the name ol John Davis on the pension roll;
A bill for the relief of JamesFrancher;
which weie severally read >wice,ai.d committed.
Mr. CaRR, from tho same committee, reported the following
bills, which, upon his motinn, were read a first and second time
by their title, and recommitted to the Commutes of the Whole
on the state of the Union:
A bill for the relief ol William Andrews;
A bill for the rebel of Thomas Beuneit; and
A bill for the leiiefof Juhn Lybrook.
Aleo, a bill for the relief of Stephen Oiley;
Abill for the reliefof John Black;
A hill forthe tehef of Isaac Austin;
A bill for the reliel of Hellen Miller;
A bill for the relief of David Mellen;
A bill for the relief of Henry Bush;
A bill for the relief of Elnathan Rears;
Abill lor the reliefof William Yoik;
A bill for the reliefof Mathew Wiley;
A bill for the reliel Philip Hartman;
A bill for the reliefof Christian Biougher;
A b;ll forthe reliefof Peter Hedrick;
A bill for the reliefof Ann Bloomfield;
A bill for the relief ol traslus Pierson;
A bill for the re ief of Izeal Parsons;         ,,
A bill for the relief of Michael Seitsmger;
A bill Tor the relief of Asenath Campbell: and
A bill to increase the pension of William Neal;
which bills were severally read twice and committed.
Mr. CARR also, from the same committee, made adverse re-
ports upon the petitions of Mary Reynolds; of Benjamin Webb;
of R. Pierce and wife, representatives of Isaac Howard; of Wil-
liam-Anglea; of Ward Peck, (he is now in the receipt of «80 an-
nually;) of Mary Richards, (this claim has been admitted at the
Pension Office under the act of 7ih July, 1838;) of Thomas
Batdridge; nf George Harmon; of Noah Smith; of John Beck;
of Barbara Forbes, (this claim has been admitted at the Pension
Department under the act of 7th July, 1838:) of Gabriel Heicks;
of Catharine Smith, (allowed at tho Pension Department under
the act of 7th July, 1838;) of Unice Able; of Benjamin Webber;
of Anne Watson; of D. Sterntt; which were ordeied to lie on the
table.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, made unfavorable reports on the petitions of Stephen
Freeman, of Elizabeth Rowe, widow of Squire Ambler, ch
Timothy «hays, and of Samuel Campbell, whieh were oroerea
to lie on the table,
