CONGRESSIONAL. «LOBE.
26th Cono.........1st Sess.
TUESDAY, MARCH 17, 1840.
VoLVMK   8.........N0.   16.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE gl PER SESSION.
Continued from No. 15.
candidates for setts as Representatives from the
Slate of New Jersey had received the greatest norn-
ber of lawful votes at the Ule election in that
State, made a detailed report thereon, concluding
with stating that Meiers. Dickimon, Vroom,
Kills, Rtjill, and Csopxr, had received the
greatest somber of lawful votes.
REPORT
ON THB NEW JERSEY CONTESTED ELECTION
In compliance wtta the resolution adopted by the
House of Representatives, on the 28th ultimo,
instructing the Commit tee of Elections to "re-
port forthwith which five of Me ten individuals
daimtng seat* from the State of New Jersey, re 
«cited the greatest «nailer •/ Uwfyl votes from tkt
whole State far Representatives in the Congress of
the United States «4 the election of lf3S, i  said
State, «ÑU oil the evidence of that fact in their pa-
terno : Provided, That nothing herein contained
shmil he se> construed as to prevent or delay the actum
efsaid committee in taking testimony or deciding the
said east upon the merits of the election." The
committee submit the the following
REPORT:
While ths commiuee, trom the commencement
of its labors in this important case, have been
actuated by the mott anxious desire to do justice
to the individual claimants, to the accent and
honoiab'.e State for whose service they are main-
taining an animated contest, and to the whole
Ameiican people, who have a deep and abiding in-
terest in preserving the parity of elections; and
while for securing so valuable a result, the com-
mittee had marked out a course somewhat diffe-
rent from that which seems now to be prescribed
by the House, they cheerfully yie'd to its authority;
and so far as they can ascertain its inten'ion, they
have no other inclination thau to give it ample and
speedy effect
The committee, however, have encountered no
inconsiderable difficulty in harmonizing all the
terms of the resolution with that intention, which,
from the circumstances of the case, as well as from
the more prominent clauses of the resolution itself,
tbey must understand to have governed the action
of the House. To give every word in the resolution
the full force of a literal interpetration, would be,
perhaps, to raise such a conflict between the parts
as to disable the whole. But instead of separating
it into parts, the whole resolution should be so con-
strued as to give expression to a distinct intention,
which is capable of being ascertained and effectu-
ated. As a portion of the House, the members of
the committee are not ignorant of the importance
that was attached to the insertion of the word
"lawful," before tb« word "votes," in the resolution.
Nor can they overlook the fact that connected with
the proposition to insert, was the motion to strike
out another word, utterly inconsistent with that
broad and starching investigation which the inser-
tion of the word "íaw/uí" (without reference to
other expressions in the resolution, or to the pcs'.ure
of me case it-elf) would feem to demand.
The House had referred to the committee the
whole subject-matter of the controversy, and with
it a mass of testimony having no application to
any inquiry, short of the merits of the election. The
committee had, as was well known to the House,
entered upon this inquiry, and had adopted such
measures for the procurement of testimony as
would probably probe to the core all frauds and il-
e galities. In the prrsreution of this investigation
a delay had occurred, the deplorable effects of
which were as manifest to ths committee as to the
House.
When the proposition to instruct was originally
introduced as an amendment to the app.ication
with which the committee had come before the
House, its intent was clear that a report should be
immediately made of the names of those who had
received the greatest number of voles at the last
Congressional election in New Jersey. If any
thing more was wanting to explain the meaning of
this proposition, it is to be found in the proviso
which was added, and which clearly indicated that
the action which the House was moved to demand,
did not contemplate an interference with the course
adopted by ihe committee for the "taking 0/testi-
mony, «nd deciding the cose upon the merits c/thc flec-
tion.'*
Under these circumstances, if the proposition to
strike out the word "forthwith," and insert the
word "lawful," had fully succeeded, there would
still have remained that prominent clause of provi-
,  so; and it might well have been understood, that,
' notwithstanding the omission of the word "forth-
with," the House desired an immediate report; and
that, notwithstanding the insertion of the word
"lawful," the House contemplated that the report
should be independent of testimony, now under ihe
1 process of being obtaned, for the purpose of de-
j ciding the election upon its merits.
i      Upon what basis, then, could such a report be
¡I constructed?   Manifestly not upon the partial, in-
i 1 conclusive, and incompetent testimony as to the
legality of votes now in the possession of the commit-
tee. The House cannot have contemplated a re-
port, involvirg an investigation of thi ballet boxes,
without allowing time or opportunity for that in-
vestigif'oa to be thorough.
At the same time, the committee cannot entirely
overlook the word "lau /ul," or strike that from the
resolution which was inserted upon a contest so
close as to require a casting vote for i's decision.
1' Did this word stand disconnected with, or unquali-
fied by, the various considera ions already alluded
to, no doubt could be entertained as to its effect.
It would lead to a thorough and final purgation of
the polls, and would delay a report to that period,
to which it was well known to the House that the
committee had postponed a decision upon the ques-
tion of ultimate right.
There is but one other basts left, and that is the
prima facie esse upon the returns of the local offi-
cers of the several polls; and the nature of the con-
troversy takf n into consideration, it can scarcely
be doubted that to tbi* basis the resolution looked.
If this conclusion might reasonably have been
reached, in the event of the complete and coeval
success of tbe motions to strike out and insert,
j   how much more easily is it attained when the reso-
I   lution   is found armed with the pungent  word
, "forthwith," quickening the action of the commit-
! tee, and declaring opposition to tbe long delay
which had been found inseparable from a thorough
'■ investigation into the legality of the votes.
\ If, therefore, the word "lawful," surrounded as
t'l it is by every thing which negatives the idea of a
mere adherence to the original course of the com-
mittee, can be made to harmonize with the context
of the resolution, and the circumstances under
which it was adopted, by evry sound rule of con-
struction, that end should rather be attained by
limiting the meaning of that word, than by bending
the reason and language of all the rest (if that were
:  possible) to its strongest and amplest signification.
The committee are therefore of opinion that they
correctly construe that word with the context, when
they limit its signification to that prima facie law-
| fulness (>f votes which arises upon their reception
1 at polla held in conformity with law; and in thus
limiting its signification, they feel themselves sus-
tained by the general language and spirit of the ro-
sóla t: on, and by the situation of the case itself.
The committee are confirmed in this constiuc-
tton, and the course consequent thereon, by the
consideration that any judgment looking beyond
the face of the polls, which they might base upon
the inconclusive testimony in their possession,
would be unsatisfactory to the House, unjust to
the parties, and calculated to produce erroneous
~cT5rrd«sk)Ds in relation to a mass of facts which ap-
pear to be verified by the oaths of voteTs, but
which, either because of the extrajudicial adminis-
tration of the oaths, or the watt of due notice
to the opposite parties, have been rejected as not
sufficiently proven.   It is proper, however, to state
that, should all the votes proved to be illegal by compe-
tent testimony, be deducted from those who received the
greatest number «t the p*Us, which appear to have been
held in conformity with low, the restrlt would not
affect the right of any candidate to a seat.
With this explanation, which they have con-
sidered due to tbe House and to themselves, the
committee will now proceed to examine the alle-
gations against the validity of certain township
elections, as far as such an examination can be
made upon the testimony in their possession.
Upon this branch of the case, the claimants hold-
ing the Governor's commissions, claim__
Is'. That, «part from their not being received in
time to be counted according to tow, the votes of Mill-
vitle should be set aside for the fraudulent and Metal
conduct of the officers of election, in proclaiming their
intention torecetoe the votes of aliens, and in receiving
a large riuwoer of such knowingly, and in violation of
the laws of the Slate.
Without inquiring into the effect of these charges,
if they were substantiated by competent and satis-
factory testimony, it is Sufficient to state that they
are unsupported by any testimony in the possession
of the committee.
2d. They allege that, apart from aU defects and
irregularities in the return, the votes 0/ Sotó* Amboy
should he set aside, because one of ihe officers of elec-
tion duly chosen, was unlawfully prevented from act-
ing, and another substituted in his place, tono acted
and signed the list, Sfc; and because the board, thus
unlawfully constituted, received a large number of
alien votescontrarytoUtw.
In support of these allegations, numerous depo-
sitions have been produced, but without expressing
an opinion, whether, if satisfactorily proved, they
would constitute sufficient evidence of fraud to
set aside the votes of this township; it is Only ne-
cessary to slate that the evidence was taken ex
parte, withoat sufficient notice, and ha* been re-
jected by the committee as incompetent to be con-
sidered in this case.
3d. It is further claimed, that the poll held at
Saddle River, in Bergen county, should be set
aside: Because at least eight votes given for them were
fraudulently abstracted from the ballot bos, and at
many /or their opponents fraudulently substituted: Be-
cause in making out the list 0/ votes in Mid township,
at least eight votes less than were given for them were
counted in their favor, and at least as many were count-
ed for 'their opponents, more than they received: and
because the list of votes in said township bears upon
Us fate evidence of mistake or fraud.
In sup pott of these charges, the depositions of
numerous voters have been submitted; but, being
taken ex parte, and without sufficient notice, they
have been rejected by the committee, as incompe-
tent testimony.
It is also claimed that the polls held at tbe town-
ships of Newton, Hardeiton, and Vernon, in Sus-
sex county, should be set aside, for reasons that
will more tully appear by reference to the docu-
ment marked A, accompaojing this report. But
there is no competent evidence before the commit-
tee in support of these allegations.
Having thus disposed, for the present, of the va-
r'ou* objections to the validity of the elections held
at the several townships claimed to be set aside,
the committee will now proceed to ascertain "which
five of the ten claimants received the greatest
number of lawful votes" at the late Congressional
election in New Jersey, according to the. several
returns purporting upon their face to be made by
officers duly authorized to act.
The committee take as the basis of their ealcu-
lation, the statement upon which the Governor and
Privy Council of New Jersey made their decision,
and which is found in the mrautes of the proceed-
ings of the Governor and Privy Council.
From this statement, it 'appears that .the total
of votes for each of the ten claimants was as ful-
For Philemon Dickerson    -           -   *£•;£
Peter D. Vroom            *           *   *h W
