242
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Daniel B. Ryall
William R. Cooper
Joseph Kille
John B. Aycrigg
John B. P. Maxwell
William Halsted
Chas. C. Stratum
Thos. Jones Yorke
Philemon Dickinson
John B. Acrigg
-  27,939
-  27,954
-  27,924
-  28,150
-  28,239
-  28,192
-  28,252
-  28,177
3
1
In this statement, as it appears to the satisfac-
tion of the committee, and has not been denied or
the contrary pretended, the votes received at the
townships of Millville and South Amboy are not
included.
The state of those polls is exhibited by the docu-
ments (marked C and D) accompanying this re-
port, whereby it appears that the total of votes of
the two townships, for each of the ten claimants,
was as follows:
Philemon Dickerson     -                            502
Peter D. Vroom            -           -           -   502
Daniel B. Ryall            -           -           -   502
William R. Cooper      -           -           -   501
Joseph Kille     -           -           -           -   502
J. B. Aycrigg   -                                         144
J. P. B. Maxwell          -           -           -   144
William Halsted           -           -           -   145
C. C. Stratton -           -           -           -   144
T.J. Yorke      -           -           -           -   144
These votes being added respectively to those set
forth in the documents marked B, already referrrd
to as the basis of the Governor's commissions,
the following resnlts are exhibited, to wit:
For Philemon Dickerson.
Votes counted by the Governor and
Privy Council          ...   27,951
Votes of Millville and South Amboy             502
Total for Philemon Dickerson
For Peter D. Vroom.
Votes counted   by the Governor and
Privy Council         ...
Votes of Millville and South Amboy
28,453
27,990
502
Total for Peter D. Vroom
For Daniel B. Rtall.
Votes counted by the Governor and
Privy Council       -
Votes of Millville and South Amboy
Total for D. B. Ryall
For William R. Cooper.
Votes counted by the Governor and
Privy Council         -
Votes of Millville and South Amboy
28,492
27,939
502
28,441
27,954
501
Total for William R. Cooper
For Joseph Kills.
Votes counted by the Governor and
Privy Council          ...
Votes of Milville and South Amboy
Total for Joseph Kille
For John B. Atcrigg.
Votes counted- by the Governor and
Privy Council        -
Votes of Millville and South Amboy -
Total for John B. Aycrigg
For John P. B. Maxwell.
Votes counted by the Governor and
Privy Council         ...
Votes' of Millville and South Amboy -
28,455
27,924
502
28,426
28,150
144
28,294
28,239
144
Total for John P. B. Maxwell -    28,383
For William Halsted.
.Votes counted by the Governor and
Privy Council        ...    28,192
Votes of Millville and South Amboy -         145
Total for William Halsted     -    28,337
For Charles C. Stratton.
Votes counted by   the Governor and
Privy Council        -           -           -    28,252
Votes of MiJlville-and South Amboy •       144
For Thomas Jones Yorke.
Votes counted by the Governor and
Privy Council        ...
Votes of Millville and South Amboy -
28,177
144
Total /or Coarlei C. Stratum .   2g,396    I
Total for Thomas Jones Yorke     28,321
It will be observed that the foregoing statement
does not include as votes for Philemon Dickerson
the three votes stated in the document marked B,
as having been given to Philemon Dickinson, and
which, if added to the votes for Philemon Dicker-
son, would make a total of 28,456.
The addition of the one vote stated in like man-
ner as having been given for John B. Acrigg, to
the votes for John B. Aycrigg, would make a total
of 28,295.
Thus it appears that, prima facie, upon the evi-
dence in the possession of the committee, Philemon
Dickerson, Peter D. Vroom, Daniel B. Ryall, Wil-
liam R. Cooper, and Joseph Kille, are the "five of
Jhi tin individuals claiming seats from the State of
'New Jersey, [who] received the greatest number of
¡awful votes from the whole State for Representatives in
the Congress of the United Stales, at the election of
1838, in said SJafc."
The SPEAKER stated that he had yesterday re-
ceived certain depositions in relation to the New
Jersey case, which it was not in order for him then
to present.
Mr. MEDILL called for the reading of the re-
port of the committee.
The Clerk accordingly commenced reading the
report, and had continued but for a short time,
when
Mr. HOPKINS observed that it was evidently
too late in the evening for the report to be read
with any degree of profit, and, as the matter
would come up the first thing in the morning, he
suggested whether they had not better adjonrn.
Mr. H. then moved an adjournment.
Mr. CRAIG also suggested an adjournment for
the same reasons, and moved the printing of the
report; but, on cries of "No, no" from several, and
the calling for the yeas and nays, the motion to
adjourn was withdrawn.
The Clerk then continued the reading of the re-
port for a short time, when he was again inter-
rupted by
Mr. FILLMORE, who offered the following re-
solution -.
Whereas the House did, by a motion adopted on
the 28th day of February, 1840, among other things
direct the Committee of Elections to report" forth-
with " which five of the ten individuals claiming
sea's from the State of New Jersey received the
greatest number of lawful votes from the whole
State for Representatives in the Congress of the
united States, at the election of 1838, in said
State;" and whereas this House had previous-
ly referred evidence to that committee, tending
to show that the poll at South Amboy, in said State,
at said election, was not held according to law, and
that the numerous votes given at said election were
unlawful, because the persons voting had no legal
right to vole, and the parties to said contest are
now absent from this city, with the consent, and
under the authority of said committee, taking tes-
timony in said case, for the purpose of ascertain-
ing who received the greatest number of lawful
votes at said election in said State; and whereas
certain depositiens, alleged to have been taken by
one of the parties to said contract, in pursuance
of the directions of said committee, have been
transmit'ed to the chairman of said committee in a
sealed envelope, addressed to the Speaker of this
House, tending to show, as is alleged, that the polls
at South Amboy were not held according to law,
and that unlawful votes were taken at said poll;
and whereas said committee, in acting on said re-
solution of this House, refused to consider any
portion of said evidence, but determined to report,
and have reported, simply the number of "votes
adjudged to have been given to the'several claim-
ants by the Governor and Privy Council of New
Jersey, together with those returned by the election
officers of the townships of Millville, in Cumber-
land -county, and South Amboy, in Middlesex
county, to the clerks of said counties respectively,"
without inquiring whether said votes were lawful or
not; therefore,
fieio/wd,That said report be recommitted to said
committee, with instructions to inquire and report
to this House, with all convenient despatch, which
five of the ten claimants to the vacant seats in this
House from said State received the greatest «umbtr
of lawfal votes at the last Congressional election in
said State.
Mr. DR0MGOOLE rose at the same time with
Mr FILLMORE, and banded up a resolution
which he wished to offer; but the Speaker award-
ed the floor to Mr. Fillmore, and his resolution
was read.                                 , ,      ,          ,   .
Mr. MEDILL rose and said that the resolution
was out of order, and insisted upon the reading of
the papers without interruption.
The Clerk again commenced the reeding, but
was again interrupted by
Mr. LINCOLN, who submitted to gentlemen
whether it would not be better to postpone the read-
ing till to-morrow, when they would have a whole
hour, in the course of the morning, to hear it in.
Mr. DROMGOOLE attempted to obtain the
floor, and moved the printing of the report; but on
repeated calls to order and calls for the reading,
resumed his seat.
The Clerk then resumed the reading of the re-
port, and continued, without interruption, till he
had finished it; when
Mr. PETRIKIN rose and inquired of the Chair
what was the question before the House.
The SPEAKER replied that the question was on
the resolution of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Fillmore.]
Mr. PETRIKIN then moved the previous ques-
tion on it.
Mr. FILLMORE contended that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania had no right to move the pre-
vious question, as he was entitled to the floor, and
had not relinquished it.
The CHAIR said that the gentleman from New
York was entitled to the floor; and therefore the
motion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
not in order.
Mr. DUNCAN. I want to know whether it is
in order for the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Fillmore] to interrupt the reading of a report
while the Clerk was reading it. and, by offering a
resolution, get the right to the floor.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman from
New York obtained the floor while the reading
was suspended, and nobody objecting to his reso-
lution, it was received.
Mr. DUNCAN said that the gentleman from
New York interrupted the reading of the report,
and had no right te offer his resolution: he would
therefore appeal from the decision of the Chair,
giving the floor to the gentleman.
Mr. PETRIKIN insisted on his right to the floor.
He moved the previous question as soon as the
reading of the report was finished, and before the
gentleman from New York rose. The Chair, he
said, recognised his right to the floor, and told hira
what was the question before the House. On be-
ing thus recognised by the Speaker, he moved the
previous question.
The CHAIR said that when he recognised the
gentleman of Pennsylvania's right to the floor, he
was not aware that the gentleman from New York
would claim it—but as the gentleman from New
York bad not yielded the floor, he was entitled to
it when the gentleman frnm Pennsylvania rose.
Some gentleman here, the Reporter conld not
tell who, called for the printing of the report, bnt
so many objections were made, that the question
was not put.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the question on the
appeal.
The CHAIR requested the gentleman from
Ohio to reduce his appeal to writing.
Mr. CAMPBELL, chairman of the commhtee,
suggested that as the report would come up the
first thing in the morning, the House had better
adjourn.   Mr. C. made a motion to that effect.
Mr. PROFPIT here moved an adjournment.
Mr. DUNCAN. I have the floor, I suppose,
while I am writing out my appeal, by direction oí
