CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S4S
NAYS—Messrs. Dixon, Smith of Indiana, and
White—3.
The third resolution was then read as follows:
3.  Resolved, That such assumption would be
wholly unauthorized by, and in violation of, the
Constitution of ihe United Sutes, and utterly re-
pugnant to all the objects and purposes for which
the Fedesal Union was formed.
And it was agreed to—ayes 39, noes 3, as fol-
lows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Cuthbert, Fulion, Onwdy, Henderson, Hubbard,
King, Linn, Lampkin, Monten, Nicholas, Norvell,
Pierce, Prentiss, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Strange,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Wall, Williams, and Wright—
99.
NAYS—Messrs. Dixon, Smith of Indiana, and )i
White—3.
The fourth resolution was then read as follows:
4.  Resolved, That to set apart the public lands,
or the revenues arising therefrom, for the before-
mentioned parposes, would be equally unjust, in-
expedient, and unconstitutional.
Mr. BENTON moved to amend by striking out
all after tibe word Resolved, and insert, "That the
assumption of such debts, either openly, by a direct
promise to pay them, or disguisedly, by giving se- ,
curity for their payment, or by creating rorpras re-
venue, or by applying the national funds to pay
them, would be a gross and flagrant violation of
the Constitution, and wholly unwarranted by the
letter or spirit of that instrument;" which was agreed
to, without a division.
Mr. NORVELL then moved to amend, by ad-
ding the following:
5.  Resolved, That while the Senate of the United
States is folly impressed with the importance and
correctness of the principles contained in the fore-
going resolutions, it is not intended thereby to ere- ]
ate any doobt of the constitutional right of the ¡
States to contract debts, nor of their resources, dis-
position, or ability to fulfil the engagements which
they have contracted for purposes of internal im- i
provement, as well as for other subjects within the
ran*e of their reserved powers.                                 I
Which was agreed to—yeas 23, nays 7, as fol- ¡j
lows:                                                                        (i
YEAS—Messrs.   Allen,   Anderson,  Benton,   '
Brown, Buchanan, Clay of Alabama, Cuihbert,  . I
Fulton, Grundy, Henderson, King, Linn, Lump- i <
kin, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Roane, Robinson,
Sevier, Sturgeon, Wall, Williams, and Wright—
33.
NAYS—Messrs. Calhoun, Hubbard, Pierce,
Smith of Indiana, Stranse, Tappan, and White—7.
Mr. BETTS then offered the following as an
amendment
Resolved, That the distribution of the public
lands, or the revenues aiising therefrom, among
the several States would he equally unjust, uncon-
stitutional, and inexpedient.
Mr. WRIGHT asked for the yeas and nays on
this amendment. He wished to see if the Senator
from Connecticut would vote for his own proposi-
tion; or if, at this late hour of the evening, propo-
sitions are made which the Senators offering them
will not vote for themselves.
Mr. BETTS said hejwould not vote for it, but his
object was to get a direct vote of the Senate on the
proposition.
After some remarks from Mr. CLAY of Alaba-
ma, on'the impropriety and irregularity of offering a
proposition identical with one which had just been
acted on,
Mr. BUNG said, if the Chair decided the mo-
tiod to be in order, an appeal could be taken
from the decision of the Chair, and it would then
be time enooeh to debate the motion.
The CHAIR decided the molinn to be out of
order.
Mr. PRENTISS then moved to furth«r amend
the resolution by inserting the following:
"But nothing contained in the foregoing reso-
lutions is to be understood as denying or question-
ing the right or power of Congress to make an
equal distribution of the proceeds of the public
lauds, among all the States, according to the terms
and conditions of the deeds qí session,"
The amendment was disagreed tc«—ayes 6, nays
35, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Belts, Dixon, Prentiss, Robin-
son, Smith of Indiana, and White—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Ful-
ton, Grundy, Henderson, Hubbard, King, Linn,
Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce,
Roane, Sevier, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wall,
and Wright—25.
So the resolutions were agreed to, as follows:
1.  Resolved, That the assumption, directly or in-
directly, by the General Government, of the debts
which have been, or may be, contracted by the
States for local objects or State purposes, would be
unjust, both to the States and to the people.
2.  Resolved, That such assumption would be
highly inexpedient, and dangerous to the Union of
the States.
3.   Resolved, That such assumption would be
wholly unauthorized by, and in violation of, the
Constitution of the United States, and utterly re-
pugnant to all the objects and purposes for which
the Federal Union was formed.
4.  Resolved, That the assumption of such debts,
either openly, by a direct promise to pay them, or
disguisedly, by giving security for their payment,
or by creating surplus revenue, or by applying the
national funds to pay them, would be a gross and
flagrant violation of the Constitution, and wholly
unwarranted by the letter or spirit of that instru-
ment.
5.  Resolved, That while the Senate of the United
States is fully impressed with the importance and
correctness of the principles contained in the fore-
going resolutions, it is not intended thereby to cre-
ate any doubt of the constitutional right of the
States to contract debts, nor of their resources, dis-
position, or ability to fulfil the engagements which
they have contracted for purposes of internal im-
provement, as well as for other subjects within the
range of their reserved powers.                                 .
On motion, the Senate, at 8 o'clock, adjourned
until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Frioat, March 6,1840.
Mr. GATES, by general consent, made a state-
ment in relation to the following portion of Mr.
Btnüm's speech, as published in the Globe of last
evening:
From the Le Roy Gazelle.
" 'Very much like, indeed! The editor of the
Ohio paper abandoned the Whigs because they no-
minated the Abolitionists, and joined the Loco Focos be-
cause they went for the dough-faces, while we left the
Jackson party because it adhered to slavery, and united
with the Whigs, because they supported Abolition!''
"This paper was then edited by Mr. Gates, now
a member on this floor."
The substance of th« statement of Mr. G. was,
that although he was once the editor of the Le Roy
Gazette, be did not edit the paper when the above
article was published, but was a member on this
floor. The paper was then, and at present, edited
by Cyrus Thompson, jun.
Mr. BYNUM said there could be no doubt but
that a mistake had been made, as until this morn-
ing he was not aware that the gentleman from
New York had resigned the editorship of that
paper.
The House then resumed the consideration of the
report made last evening by Mr. Campbell, from
the Committee of Elections, on the N. Jersey case.
Mr. PETRIKIN modified his resolutioa, by ad-
ding "in the manner heretofore authorized, and by a
majority of the Committee of Elections."
Mr. CAMPBELL appealed to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion for the
previous question, in order to allow an opportunity
for the minority of the committee to make a report,
so that the subject might take the usual course, the
testimony be printed, and the subject postponed to
a day certain.
Mr. PETRIKIN refused to withdraw his mo-
tion.
Mr. BRIGGS asked leave to submit the follow-
ing resolution:
Whereas this House did, by a resolution passed
on the 13th day of January last, refer the case of
the New Jersey contested elestion, with all the pa-
pers relating thereto,to the Ccommtttee of Elections,
with instructions to inquire who were entitled to oc-
cupy the five seats as Representatives from the
State of New Jersey; and whereas said committee
did proceed in said inquiry, until the parties con-
testing for said seats, by permission and under the
authority of said eommittee, left the city, and pro-
ceeded to the State of New Jersey, for the purpose
of taking testimony in relation to their respective
title to occupy seats upon the floor of this House—
the time allowed by the committee for that purpose
being until the 2d Monday of April next; and where-
as by another resolution passed on the 28th Fe-
bruary last, this House instructed said committee
forthwith to report which five of the persons claim-
ing to be elected members from the State of New
Jersey received the greatest number of lawful voles
of the people of said State; and whereas said com-
mittee did, on the 5th day of March instant,
report that Philemon Dickerson, Peter D. Vroom,
Joseph Kille, William R. Cooper, and Daniel
B. Rvald, received the greatest number of lawful
votes, without having first examined the evidence
as to the legality of voles alleged to be illegal, or as
to the legality of certain polls alleged to be illegal,
without notifying er hearing the parties; and
whereas, a resolution is now pending declaring
that Philemon Dickerson, Peter D. Vroom, Jo-
seph Kille, William P. Cooper, and Daniel B.
Rtall, are entitled to take seats as members of
the Twenty-sixth Congress for the State of New
Jersey, now, to the end that justice may be done,
and that this House will not proceed to decide so
grave a question as that of the right of a State to a
representation on this floor, in the absence of, and
without hearing, the parties interested,
Resolved, That it is the right as well of the per-
sons claiming seats, as of the people whom they
claim to represent, to be present, and heard before
their title to seats shall be passed upon by this
House.
Resolved, That the whole subject of said election
be postponed until the second Monday of April
next, and that the report and all the papers relating
thereto be printed, and that the Speaker be directed
to notify the parties claiming seats, that they may,
if they see fit, be present on said day, and be heard
in the premises at the bar of this House.
Objection being made, Mr. BRIGGS moved a
suspension of the rules for the purpose. On this
motion the yeas and nays were ordered, and re-
sulted—yeas 95, nays 112.
So the rules were not suspended.
Tbe CHAIR ordered the documents accompa-
nying the report os the Committee of Elections to
be read.
Mr. CAMPBELL said he had appealed to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. PetrikinI to
withdraw his motion for the previous question, but
in vain. He now, thorefore, moved to lay tbe re-
solution of Mr. Fillmore, with the amendment
moved by Mr. Petrikin, on the table.
The CHAIR reminded Mr. Campbell that that
motion, if it prevailed, would carry the report itself
to the table.
Mr. CAMPBELL thereupon withdrew his mo-
tion.
The reading of the papers commenced, and hav-
ing proceeded some time-
Mr. EVERETT withdrew his call for the read-
ing, and it was suspended.
Mr. RIVES inquired whether it Would be in Or*
der to move to suspend the further consideration
of the report of the committee till Tuesday naxt,
and (o make it the special order for that day at 12
o'clock, and so to continue every day at that hour,
till the subject should be disposed of?
The CHAIR replied it could only be done bf.
universal consent.
Objection was made.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut inquired whether
the previous question had been withdrawn?
The CHAIR replied in the negative.
Mr. RIVES modified his motion so as to make
the report the special order at 1 o'clock.
Objection being made—
Mr. RIVES pioyed to suspend the rule?.
