CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S47
tk  to wfcoasider «rtrtd be debated and considered
now without a vote of two-thirds."
The question pending was on the motion of Mr.
Hollkman to lay the appeal on the table.
Mr. HOLLEMAN, being entitled to the floor,
said that, with a view of saving time, he would
withdraw the motion to lay on the table, so that the
question could at once be taken on the appeal. .He
then moved the previous question on the appeal,
which, being seconded, the main question on the
appeal was taken, and resulted in the decision of
the Chair being sustained—yeas 88, nays 86.
Mr. DUNCAN here rose to a question of order.
He contended that the first business before the
House was the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions on the New Jersey case, with the resolution
of Mr. PaTRiKiN, on which the previous question
had been ordered. In his opinion, nothing could
intervene or prevent the immediate action of the
House on that previous question. He urged that
the whole bu«inef s, out ef which the appeal had
arisen, was out of order.
Mr. D. at the request of the Chair, reduced his
point of order to writing.
"It is out of order to intercept the previous ques-
tion by the introduction of any question, discus-
sion, or reading of evidence.
"This House, by resolution, required the Commit-
tee of Elections to report forthwith, who of the
ten contesting members from New Jersey had re-
ceived a majority of the lawful votes at the Con-
gressional election of 1838. The committee did
report in conformity with the resolution. The
leport was in favor of Mr. Dickkrson and his
associates. The report was read: a resolution was
offered to recomm t.and for other purposes. A reso-
lution was offered, by way of amendment, the ob-
ject of which was to authorize Mr. Dickerson
and his associates to take their seats; and on that
resolution the previous question was moved. It is
out of order to entertain any proposition, which
will intercept the immediate action of the House
upon the previous question now pending. Such is
is the character of the measure now before the
House, which I contend is out of order."
The SPEAKER decided that the motion of Mr. Fillmorb to
reconsider the vote by which certain papers relating to the New
Jersey contested election had been referred to the Committee of
ejections, took precedence over the report of that committee
during the morning hour.
Frjm which decision Mr. DUNCAN appealed; aid he
n oved the previous question.
Mr. BR1GGS and Mr. TRIFLKTT [severally submitted to
tlie Chaib that this identical point of order had been already
decided, and that it was not in order to raise the same question
again.                                                                    *
The SPEAKER said he was of opinion that the question was
the same as that just decided; but other gentlemen might dif-
fer, and time might be saved by putting the question.
And, after some conversation, the question was put, and the
demand for the previous question (ayes 97, noes 78) was se-
conded.
And the main question (to wit, " Shall the'decision of the
Chaw stand as the judgment of the House ?") was ordeied to
be now taken.
Mr. TURNEY called for the yeas and nays, which were] or-
dered; and, being taken, were—yeas 99, nays 89.
 o the House affirmed the decision of the Chair.
And the question {thus recurring on the motion of Mr. Fill-
more to reconsider the vote by which the said papers had been
referred to the Committee ofElections—
Mr. FILLMORE proceeded to address the House (hypotheti-
cally) in relation to the proceedings of the committee.
He entered into the general merits of the contested election
and made some severe strictures on the report of the commit-
tee, the majority of which he censured for refusing to consider
certain depositions in relation to the votes of South Amboy,
and of suppressing them by the force of numerical strength.
Toe substance of his remarks is embodied in the following pre-
amble to his resolution of last week.
Mr. FILLMORE, after speaking some time, called for the
reading of the testimony which had been referred to the Com-
mittee, and which it would be the effect of his modem, should it
rJouse    l°           b"Ck ""diP'808 under ltie control of the
Mr. STGENROD objected.
.¡™ r;Syí10^ "'° £• had never reaa th« P*P*r  "i ques-
tion, and did not know what they contained.
Mr. MEDILL inquired whether it would be proper to ask
«if ohISS89 PaP ™ were obtained.
Mr PRÍ^f™? °PP° *d «he reading as out of order.
order rKTEIKIN al8° objected, and spoke to the question of
efTtat SíwE.ru1ed ?e r?dln8l0 be m oraer>snd. >n «upport
wasiñorder^íí N "".T*"'1 «" ' he was satisfied the reading
The JSi* ^ wi,hdrew m  objection to it.                    5
time-    Ming of the testimony having proceeded for seme
rfírdJ?1i^i¡ÍÍS!!,ed.-to its ««"nuance, «nd raised a question
aS^S. r™ objection was overruled.                  '
readUhrofirt C0M ™>a to read until the papera had been
Mr. tuXAoKE then resumed, and crotlnned W address the
House for a considerable time longer, when he gave way for
Mr. W.THOMPSON to move an adjournment.
The yeas and nays being ordered, Mr. T. withdrew his mo-
tion, but it was immediately renewed by Mr. STANLY, but
the yeas and nays being taken, it was negatived—yeas 75,
navs 85.
Bo the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. FILLMORE once more proceeded with his speech.
Mr. CAMPBELL, chairman of ihe Committee of Elections,
interposed to explain, and said he had no objection to all the
testimony in the case being immediately«Tinted.
Mr. FILLMORE resumed the floor, aoflspoke without further
interruption till he had concluded his «gument.
Mr. MEDILL of Ohio, (a membrf of the committee,) then
took the floor in reply. He said he/did not rise so much with
the view of answering the arguments of the gentleman from
New York, [Mi. Fillmore,] iB jflaiion to the merits of the re-
port, as to repel the attack wh|ch he has thsught proper to
make upon a part of the committee. The report is not now
under consideration Whenever it shall be, I am prepared,
said Mr. M. to show that the facts are correctly set forth, and
that the conclusion at which it arrives is sustained by testimony
of the most unquestionable character. It is not claimed that
the report is based on a complete purgation of the ballot boxes
throughout the State. This appears to have been an after-
thought of the gentlemen who first claimed seats under the
Governor's "seal," and has been resorted to for the purpose of
concealing from public observation one of the most extraordi-
nary frauds that has ever been attempted on the suffrages of
the people. It is founded, as it professes to be, on the votes re-
ceived at the polls in pursuance of the laws of that State, by the
sworn officers, whose duty it was to conduct the elections.
These officers are the only judges of the qualifications of an
elector that are known to the laws of New Jersey. They act
under the solemnities of an oath, and it is made a penal offence
knowingly to receive a vote ftom any one not possessing the
qualifications of an elector as prescribed by the Constitution and
laws of the State. It is further set forth that depositions had
been submitted to the committee, with the view of showing that
votes had been received at the polls, from persons who were
not entitled to the right of suffrage, and that one of the oñiceis
of election at South Amboy was unlawfuly prevented from act-
ing, and another substituted in his place. But if all the votes
proved thus to be illegal by competent testimony, were taken
from those who received a majority at the polls, the result in
relation to any one of the claimants would not be affected.
With what propriety, then, said Mr. M. does the gentleman
denounce the report as carrying on its face a na-
tional lie7 On what grounds is the assertion made?
Is not the basis on which it proceeds candidly and fair-
ly set forth? Are not the statements made In pursu-
ance thereof strictly correct, and the conclusion at which it
arrives, justly inferable? Does the gentleman desire to be un-
derstood as answering negatively to any one of these interrogato-
ries? Then let him call for the reading of the testimony, and
direct the attention of the House to that part by which he seeks
to sustain his assertion. Sir, said Mr. M. I apprehend that the
gentleman's imagination has taken the start of his judgment.
When he spoke of a paper bearing on its face the evidence of
a "national lie," I cannot but think that a certain certificate,
verified by the "greut seaF' of New Jersey, was passing
through his mind." That a knowledge of the fact of the Chief
Magistrate of a great State certifying to an untruth, under the
emblem of its sovereignty, should excite his indignation, and
continue to haunt his thoughts, whether on this floor or in the
private walks of life, is by no means surprising. The whole
proceedings, with the testimony on both sides, are about to be
submitted to the public—a tribunal that never fails to de jus-
tice, however tardy in its judgment. The report itself is the
prosecution of a member of the committee who voted through-
out in favor of admitting the certificate members, and whose
opinions were not likely to have been biased by any partiality
for others.
But, said Mr. M. the gentleman has seen proper to attack the
majority of the committee; and by supposing a course of conduct
which he desires the House to consider as having taken place in
the committee loom, has charged them with acts of the grossest
injustice. The reasons urged in favor of setting aside the elec-
tion at South Amboy were, that one of the officers of the election
was unlawfully prevented from acting, and another person sub-
stituted in his place, and that Certain aliens had been permitted
to vote. In making up his figured issue, the gentleman has
charged the majority of the committee with re using to consider
the depositions that were taken to establish thfse facts, and
seeking to suppress them by the force of numerical strergth.
Sir, said Mr. M. I am not one of those who will permit asser-
tions of this kind to go forth, where I am personally concerned,
although they be hypothetical, without accompanying them
with a stamp by which they will be recognised and appreciated,
wherever they go. The gentleman was not even satisfied with
giving them a durability co-existent with his speech, but has
embodied them in a preamble and resolutions, and placed them
on the journal of the House. Sir, I ask if these charges are
founded in truth? Was no part of the depositions taken by the
certificate claimants in relation to the election at South Am-
boy, read and considered in committee? Nay, further: Were
not all the depositions relating to that inquiry, and which were
in the possession of the committee when the report was directed
tobe drawn, read and acted on? And although a part of them
were rejected as incompetent by the committee, witli but one
dissenting: yoke, have they not all been submitted with the re-
port, for the consideration of the House? With what propriety,
then, and on what grounds, does the gentleman assert that these
depositions were excluded from the consideration of the com-
mittee, when his own name wilt appear recorded on the ques-
tion? It may be that they were made with the view of break-
ing the force of the report, and still keeping the public in doubt
respecting the true nature ofthia infamous transaction.
But, sir, said Mr. M. there are other depositions alleged to
have been taken hy the certificate claimants in relation to the
same subject, and which were referred to the committee since
their report wassubmitted to the House. Although ditected to
you, and only laid before the House and referred this morn-
ing, I think I recognise in them acquaintances of two or three
days' standing. On Tuesday last, the chairman assembled the
committee, and laid before them the report which he had pre-
pared, in pursuance of the principles previously agreed, with
the view, as is understood, of presenting it to the House that
morning.                              . „   ..             j,       ,   , .
[Here Mr. Burra interrupted Mr. Mspux, and required that
he observe the rule of order, that forbids any reference to the
proceedings of the committee.]
Then, continued Mr. M. 1 will follow the example that has
been set me by the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Fill-
more,] and suppose a case, intending to be understood, how-
evei, as asserting what has actually taken place. For this pur-
pose I will raise a select committee, and direct its attention,
for a few minutes, to the case now in hand. Suppose,
then, that the committee had been sitting about five weeks,
and had examined all the testimony submitted to its
consideration by the respective claimants—that the cer
tificate gentlemen finding the "great seal" was beginning
to melt before the burning influence of the poll books, asked
further to experiment on the good people of New Jersey, and
try if they could discover a sufficient number of illegal votes
throughout the State to counterbalance the Democratic majo,
rities in the townships that were suppressed. Suppose, in pur-
suance of this request, that the committee, by a baie majority,
had postponed the further consideration of the case, and autho-
rized the taking of additional testimony, until the second Monday
of April next, in the manner and upon notice prescribed by the
laws of New Jersey, reserving to itself, however, the right of re-
porting to the House the facte as they then appeared before the
committee. That, on the 28th ult. this House passed a resolution
instructing the committee forthwith to report which five of the
claimants received the greatest number of lawful votes from
the whole State, with all the evidence of that fact in their
possession—that they assembled on the next morning, agreed
on the basisand principles of a report, and directed the chairman
to prepare it accordingly. Suppose that, on the 3d instant, the
committee were called together, the report submitted, and found
in all things to correspond with the data on which it was pre.
viously directed to be made—that at this time a member of the
committee drew from his pocket a package, under a sealed en-
velope, directed to the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives, and purporting to be depositions in relation to the New
Jersey election, and desired that they might be opened by the
chairman, read, and considered, before the report should be sub-
mitted to the House These depositions were said to refer to ths
manner of holding the election at South Amboy, although no-
thing of the kind was endorsed on the envelope. This gentle-
man, whose pocket, instead of the Speaker's desk or chairman's
port folio, was made the depository of these depositions, ap-
peared to understand their contents, and professed to have re-
ceived a letter from one of the claimants whose pretensions they
were designed to sustain, explanatory of their import. Such
(said Mr. M.) was the time, ami such the circumstances under
which these depositions appeared before the committee. It is
true that it was subsequently proposed to send them to ths
Speaker of the House, to the end that they might be opened and
immediately returned to the committee; and it is true thatlhts
proposition was also rejected. Here, then, is the only paper re-
lating to the case, according to my recollection, that was not
considered by the committee before the report was presented to
the House.
But the language (said Mr. M.) which the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Fillmore] has used towards the majority of
the committee, will warrant a further examination into the cir-
cumstances, under which these depositions first made their
appearance. Let us for a moment advert to the facta in the
case.
The consideration of the subject on the ultimate right of the
claimants had been postponed until the second Monday of
April. They were engaged in taking testimony, with a view
to a final adjudication at that peiiod. The committee had not
precluded themselves from making a preliminary report, should
it be deemed advisable to do so, but the parties had a right to
expect that it would be on the evidence examined, when they
were personally present. A resolution passed the House on the
28th ultimo, calling for such a report. It was prepared and
submitted by the chairman on the 3d instant. Sufficient time
had intervened for a letter to reach South Amboy  where depo-
sitions were being taken, and a package to be transmitted from
thence to this city. The depositions appear. I ask (said Mr. M.)
if there were no grounds for him to suspect that all was not right?
The order of the committee, as well as the laws of New Jer-
sey, required that they should be certified, sral«d up, and either
handed or transmitted, by the officer before whom they were
taken, to the Speaker of the House of Representatives.
How came they in the pocket of a member of the committee?
They were sealed up, but was it done by the officer before
whom they were taken, the party whose claims they were in-
tended to sustain, oreóme one in ti is city? There was nothing
on the envelope by which these facts could be satisfactorily
ascertained. They were directed to the Speaker of the House
of Representatives, but by whose hand? The gentleman, under
whose polite attentions they were introduced into the commit-
tee room, asserted that they related to the manner of conducting
the election at South Amboy: bu t did they contáis all the testi-
mony that was taken on that subject; or did they only embrace
the evidence on one side? Were they procured and trans-
mitted to this city without the knowledge of the opposing
claimants, and whilst they were actually engaged in examining
the rebutting witnesses?
These are inquines which the gentleman's accompanying
letter may have answered very satisfactorily, to his mind; but
which, in my opinion, rendered the testimony wholly unworthy
of consideration either in the committee or this House. Sir,
said Mr. M. 1 have seen enough of this case to awaken my sus-
picion, to excite my watchfulness, and to indues me to insist
on the observance of these rules that preclude the possibility of
fraud. No one, it appears to me, who has examined the sub-
ject, and whose mind is unbiased by the party prejudices of the
day, can view the course pursued by the coumy clerks, the
Governor and his ten Councilmen, in any other light than as a
most darinz attempt to control the sovereign will in the selection
of public officers. If these depositions were actually forwarded
to this city by one of the parties, without the knowledge of the
other, and before the examination of witnesses at that place, and
in relation to the same subject, had closed, as there was but tot.
much reason to suspecLjs there a member on this floor who would
seek to make the foundation of a report on a matter of so much
interest to the people of this country? And I am assured, on
the authority of a letter received in this city, and which now
lieebefore me, that such was the case. The Housewill, ' **-
fore, see whether any evidence was «urpressed, and on what
foundation the gentleman's assertions rest. The gen'1 ™"'
paid Mr. M. has also insinuated that the majority had "" ■
bled after the adoption of the report, and recoiwdfred • vwe,
in the absence of three members, thet bad t*" "?™ ™ ¡¿¿
committee,   This, like lito ether cbarg.es, is without any j *
