248
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or real foundation w fact. The committee, at the meeting al-
luded to, was equally as full as when the original vote was ta
ken It two o? the members saw proper to step out of the
room after the question was put, and a third declined voting—
that third being the gentleman himself—it is no fault of the
majority Their absence was voluntary and intentional, and
the charge itself unworthy of so reapeetable a source Having
«Jready addressed the House at length, said Mr M 1 will not
follow the gentleman in discussing the merits of the case I
rose to repel the unjust aspersions which he attempted to cast
on a majority of the committee, and to expose to this House
and the country, the desperate shifts that were being reported
to for the purpose of sustaining the Governor and I'nvy Coun
cil of New Jersey, in their attempted invasion on the rights
anlhbertiesof the people of that patriotic State.
Mr TURNEY, after some preliminary remarks, moved the
previous question on Mr. Fillmore's motion to reconsider.
Mr FILLMORE moved a call of the House
Mr SMITH of Connecticut, (another member of the com-
mittee,) rose to explain, in reply to Mr. Medill, but, amidst
load cries of order, resumed his seat.
The previous question was now seconded
Mr FILLMORE renewed his motion for a call of the House,
and on this motion Mr SMITH of Connecticut demanded the
yeas and nays, which being ordered—
Mr. GRAVES moved to adjourn
On this motion Mr Mr. TURNRY demanded the yeas and
nays, which, being taken, resulted as follows—yeas 79, nays 98
So die House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurring on a call of the House, it was
decided by yeas and nays in the negative—yeas 61, nays 100.
So the House re fused to order a call of the House
The previous question was now put and earned
And the main question being on Mr. Fillmore* motion to
reconsider—
It was decided in the negative, as follows—yeas 78, nays 96.
So the House refused to reconsider the order by which cer
tain additional testimony in the New Jersey case had been re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr FILLMORE said it had been suggested to him by seve-
ral of tun friends that the member from Ohio had imputed im-
proper conduct ta him before the «ommittee, «ml had thrown
out the idea that he (Mr F ) was the individual who presented
the sealed testimony. Now, all he wished was for the member
irom Ohio to state whether he intended to be so understood or
not.
Mr MEDILL said that when he had previously addressed
the House, he was prevented from giving aiull statement of the
circumstances precisely as they occurred, owing to his being
arrested by the member from Connecticut, [Mr. Smith, 1 and
compelled, under tha resolution of the House, to speak of them
as supposed caaes. He would now, however, state that the
facts in the supposed case existed precisely as he had stated
them. A member of the committee produced, from his own
pocket, a sealed envelope, purporting to contain testimony in
relation to the New Jersey election and directed to the Speaker
of the House of Representatives. That member, on producing
it, demanded that the papers it contained should be read. This
was before the committee submitted their report to theHoue ,but
after it had been prepared. In speakingof the member, how-
ever, he did not say it was the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fillmore,] nor did he wish te be understood as alluding to
him. It was the member from Connecticut, [Mr Smith,] the
■ame gentleman who called him to order for referring to what
took place befoie the committee But he was of opinion that
the gentleman from New York had joined in desiring that the
papers should be opened and read
The SPEAKER, in reply to a question from a member, here
stated, that the papers in question were delivered to him by
Mr. Campbell, the chairman of the committee; they were en
closed in a sealed envelope, and were directed to him as
Speaker    That was the first time he ever saw them.
Mr. TURNEY said he would like te know from the chair-
man of the committee how and in what way he came in posses-
ion of them
[Here a seene of great confusion arose, many membeis at
tempting to speak at once, and which rendered it impossible
ferine Reporter to hear with distinctness.]
Mr SMITH of Connecticut having with soma difficulty ob-
tained the Boor, said that he had not called the gentleman from
Ohio to order for alluding to any thing personal to htm as a
member of the committee, bnt on the ground that, under the
resolution of the House, it was out of order to refer to the pro-
ceedings of the committee. With respect to the suggestion
that some member of the committee had held very improper
communication with one of the parties, (claimants,) he knew
very well that the gentleman alluded to him. He knew that he
was the person alluded to, because it was himself who deli-
vered the testimony to the chairman of the committee, and the
gentleman, if so disposed, might make as much of that fact as
e pleased.
On this admission, there was some laughter from various
parts of the hall
Mr S said that ifgentlemen supposed what he had said im-
plied any conscious guilt, they were much mistaken, but if
they chose to laugh, they could do as they pleased
Mr. 8 then went on to remark, what he considered a singu-
lar circumstance. He said that while the gentleman irom Ohio
had been denouncing the alleged Improper communication with
one of the parties, he had acknowledged that he himself had
been holding such a communication The denunciation was
all on one side. When tha gentleman rises and throws impu-
tations on others, he, at the same time, tells the House that he
has letters from one of the parties, informing him of what was
going on
Mr S. went on to state, the depositions in question were sent
to this city, undercover, to the Hon Mr Osbornb, and under
the envelope there wat a letter directed to him, Mr S and
which any member might read The letter was of a political
character, and merely mentioned that the depositions for-
warded had reference to the illegal votes The superscription
on the envelope, containing the testimony, was '•To the Speaker
of the House of Representatives, care of the Hon. Mr. Camp-
sell depositions on the New Jersey case "
Mr. S. said that, at the request of Mr Osbornb, he took the
paper, and gave it to the chairman of the committee, supposing
that as the committee had power to send for persons and pa-
pers, he had a right to open it He, Mr S. had been merely the
instrument of taking it from his room and giving it to the chair-
man of the committee. There was nothing in the whole thing
which could cut (be 'ewt imputation on him,    Mr, 8, con-
cluded by complaining that the previous question had been
moved before time had been given him to make the above ex-
planation.
Mr MEDILL said, that, so far as the gentleman's explana-
tion had represented him as acknowledging when up, "that he
himself had been holding a communication with the parties,"
or either of them, it v;as wholly untrue He had made no such
admission or acknowledgment What he had said was, that
he had been shown a letter received by an individual in this
city, and which then lay before him, confirming the suspicions
that he had previously expressed in relation to the imperfect na-
ture of the testimony in question, and the injustice that might
have resulted fiom its consideration These suspicions were
freely expressed in the committee room, and in presence of the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr Smith] himsell. He was
taken by no surprise on this floor, he very pioperly acknow-
ledges He (Mr M ) had held no communication with either
of the parties, nor would he consent to consider any testimony
not received through the ordinary channels prescribed by law
and the rules ol this House, unless the pal ty whose rights were
affected, had first au opportunity of being heard. He had never
intended to reftr to the matter on this floor, but had been driven
to it by the unjustifiable attack of the gentlemen Irom New
York, [Mr Fillmore 1
Mr CAMPBELL asked leave to introduce a resolution that
thejournal of the committee and all the papers in its posses-
sion, in relation to the New Jersey contested election, be printed
for the use of the House What had passed to day in the
House rendered, he thought, such a measure proper, and al-
most necessary
Objections being made by Mr. RICE GARLAND, andseve
ral others,
Mr CAMPBELL moved to suspend the rules to enable him
to make such a motion.
[The noise was very great, and the Chair arrested the pro-
ceedings until order could be in some degree restored ]
Mr. FILLMORE expressed his desue that such an order
should be passed
Mr CRABB explained on the subject of the introduction of
the bundle of papers into the committee.
A member objected ti Mr Campbeu 's motion being re-
ceived, as the floor had been yielded to Mr Petrikin on'y lor
explanation
The CflAlR decided the motion of Mr Campbell to be out
nf order, and declared the subject before the House to be the
consideration of the report of the Committee of Elections, made
on the 5th instant,on the New Jersey election
The questions pending being Mr. Fillmore's proposition to
recommit—
Mr. Petkikin's motion to amend Mr. Fillmore's proposi-
tion—
And the question immediately pending being the demand
heretofore made by Mr Petrikin forthe previous question—
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL claimed the floor to explain. [Confusion
and loud cries of order ]
The House refused leave for any more explanations.
Mr CAVE JOHNSON withdrew his motion for adjourn-
ment
Mr CAMPBELL again attempted to explain
Mr. TURNEY objected
Mr PETRIKIN moved an adjournment, but the motion was
negatived by yeas and nays—yeas 50, nays 135.
bo the House refused to adjourn.
Mr CURTIS said that, as he believed the morning hour had
expired, (viz. that allotted to reports and resolutions,) he de-
manded the orders of the day, (viz private bills )
The CHAIR replied that the hour had not quite exDired
Mr PROFFIT moved a call of the House.                  '
Mr STANLY demanded the yeas and nays
Mr TURNEY inquired whether a majority of the House had
power to refuse to go to the orders of the day?
The CHAIR replied that on ordinary days it had, but not on
days set apart by rule for private bills and business.
Mr R GARLAND moved to adjourn
Mr TURNEY demanded the yeas and nays, which were
ordered
Mr BELL wished, by general consent, to modify the la nguaee
of a resolution moved by him, and agreed to by the House, in
regard to the Winnebago treaty, on the ground that the Ian
guage was thought to imply a want of decorum toward the
Executive Department, though this had happened unintention
ally, and through inadvertence
Mr TURNEY objected
Mr BRILL moved to suspend the rules
Mr. ADAMS made some remarks in support of Mr Bell's
request, and moved to reconsider the vote by which the resolu-
tion had been adopted
Mr HOFFMAN moved an adjournment
On which motion the yeas and nays being ordered, resulted
as follows—yeas 89, nays 85
So the House, between 7 and 8 o'clock, adjourned
IN SENATE,
Monday, March 9, 1840
/!?0.í?nAIR s"bmm«i a communication from the Secretary
Sí íu £re"T7l,in re£'y ¡° a «solution of the 25th instant, as
u.h F£e.P£f Ce"i FÜnd ofthe State of Alabama, which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed
Also, a message from the President of the United State 
transmitting a report from the t-urgeon General in relation to
sites for marine hospitals, which was laid on the table, and or
dered to be printed
•J^80!  a me«"Se from the President, transmitting a cor-
2ÍM. w,In the Spanish Government, in relation to a
iefer^V .¿°"^e du,t,e' 0nJ?Pan,sh vessek> whlc > was
primed             Committee oh Commerce, and ordered to be
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
l^SwínV'ta^íí thefoll°™g™* S«from 'he
To the Senate
anÜ  ^h"',Kn W ln,formatI°n already communicated, m compli
f?hf„i,. * resoluuons of the Senate of the 17th January last,
wV¿nk"ProPei-to transmit to the Senate copies of two letters,
™rt„f?  °*Ures' «"ce received from the Governor of Maine
^Z¡S£S%£RE¡¡£?,heretü between the * «■*
Wubmgfcn, March 9,1840.                 M. VAN BUREN.
Executive Department,
Augusta, Febiuary 15, 1840
His Excellency M Van Boren,
President of the United States
Sir A communication from Mr Fox, the British Minister, to
Mi Forsyth, Secretary of State, under date of January 26th,
contains the following statement
"It appears from accurate information now m possession of
the undersigned, that the Governor of Maine, and through him,
the President and General Government of the United Mates,
have been misinformed as to the facts In the first place, no
 emforcement has been marched to the British post at the Lake
Temiscouta, the only change occurring there has been the le
lief of a detachment of her Majesty's 24t.li regiment, by a tic
tachment of equalforce of the llth regiment, this force of one
company being now stationed at the Temiscouta post, as it
alicays has been, for the necessary puipose of piotectinglhe
stores and accommodations provided for the use of her Majes
ty's tioops, who may be required, as heretofore, to march by
that route to and from the provinces of Canada and New Bi uns
wick In the second place, it is not true, that the British au
thonties either have built, or are building, barracks on both
sides ef the St Johns river, or at the mouth of tbe Madawaska
river, no new barracks hace in fact been built any whet e "
This statement has been read by the citizens of this State
with the most profound astonishment And howevei high may
be the source from which it emanates, lmust be permitted to
say, in the language of that high functionary, that "n is not
true,' though, in justice to him, I should add, that he has been
misinformed Though this State, in the vindication of her rights
and maintenance of her interests, relative to her territorial
boundary, from past experience, had no reaEon to expect any
material admissions of the truth on the part of the British au-
thorities, she was not prepared to meet such a positive and un
qualified denial of facts as the foregoing exhibits, especially of
facts so easily susceptible of proof The "accuracy" of the
information alleged to be in the possession of the Minister, is
only equalled by the justice of the pretensions heretofore set up
in regard to title
But, not to be bandying assertions where proof is abundant, I
deem it my duty to transmit to your Excellency the depositions
of a numbei of gentlemen, citizens of this State, of gtfat re
spectabily, and whose statements are entitled to the most im-
plicit confidence
These depositions abundantly prove, that up to May last,
nearly two months subsequent to the arrangement entered lato
through the mediation of General Scott, no troops whatever
were stationed at Temiscouta lake that in August, September,
and October, the number did not exceed twenty five, while now
it has been increased to about two hundred that, prior to May,
no barracks had been erected at Temiscouta, but that, since that
time, two have been built at the head of the lake, besides some
five or six other buildings apparently adapted to the establish-
ment of a permanent military post, and, at the foot of the lake,
two or more buildings for barracksand other military purposes
that, though no nets barracks have been erected at Madawaska,
certain buildings, heretofore erected, have been engaged foi
use as such that a road has been constructed, connecting the
military post at the head and foot of the lake—a tow path
made the whole length of the Madawaska river—the road from
the head of the lake to the military post at the river Des Loup
thoroughly repaired—transport boats built, &c. &c
I would further inform your Excellency that an agent has
been despatched to Temiscouta and Madawaska for the pur-
pose of procuring exact information of the state of things
there at the present moment, but having incidentally found
some evidence of the state of things prior to November lasi, I
have thought best to forward it without delay for the purpose
of disabusing the Government and the country of the errors
into which they may have been led by the communication be-
fore alluded to The report of the agent will be tiansnutted as
soon as received, which may not be short of two weeks
Under these circumstances, I have only to repeat my official
call upon the General Government for the protection of this
State from invasion
I have the honor to be, with great respect,
Your Excellency's most obedient servant,
JOHN FAIRFIELD,
Governor of Maine
To his Excellency Hon. John Fairfield,
Governor of Maine
The undersigned has the honor to report that, in accordance
with your commission of the 6 th instant, he proceeded imme
diately to tbe St. John's river, Temiscouata lake, &c   and as-
certained by actual observaron the following facts
That twenty two miles below the mouth of Fish river, on
the south side of the St John's, and neaily opposite the Mada-
waska river, a house has been fitted up for barracks, and is
rented by the English Government for that purpose, though no
troops are there at present It is built of hewn timber, two sto-
nes high, about sixty feet long and thirty wide It has bunks
prepared for over one hundred men It is now in charge of
one man only From thence he followed up the Madawaska
river, observing the t w path on Us east bank, which has been
made and repaiied by the English Government, under contracts
given out by James A MacLauchlin, esq of New Brunswick,
the gentleman who has heretofore assumed to act as Warden of
the disputed territory This work was accomplished the past
season, the length corresponds with that of the east side of the
Madawaska river, which is about twenty six miles long
Two miles and a half below the foot of the Temiscouata
lake, on the west bank of the Madawaska river, the English
erected, early last summer, a barrack, about eighty feet long
and thirty wide, and two small out buildings. At this post
there are now stationed one sergeant, one corporal, and five
private soldiers of company No 3, llth regiment in the Eng-
lish service, where they have been since about the first ofJanu
arylast
Near this point commences a road, connecting it with the
Enelish werks next described, built the past season under con-
tracts eiven out by said MacLaughlan, for the distance of six-
teen miles, ten of which are fully completed, and the remain-
ing six nearly That fifteen miles from the foot of Temiscouata
lake, on its west side, the English have erected eight buildings
as barracks for soldiers, officers' quarters, a hospital, a magazine,
a storehouse, and a commissary's house, all of which are sur-
sounded by ditches, breastworks, and stockades, en three sides:
the fourth is not fully completed An accurate plan of all these
works accompanies thw report, and is here particularly refer-
red to,
