*¿0
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
pending coatí ***? •*• « «« Northeastern boundary to an
amicable and just termination, and conforming to the arrange-
ments for preserving peace on the borders, that the British au-
thorities are steadily and constantly preparing for a different re-
sult J Shall we be blind to the recent augmentation of troops
in the provinces—to the construction of military posts upon our
whole Eastern and Northern frontiers—to the making of roads
for the speedy movement of troops and the erection of buildings
fn their accommodation ? While Mame, deeply interested in
the question of boundary, is looking with intense anxiety upon
these extensive preparations for conflict, and is sailing upon the
General Government to fulfil the constitutional duty of protect-
ing and defending her against foreign encroachment and dis-
memberment, what has the Government done! Has it come to
her in that way which would have been most likely to pre-
serve her rights and bring the question to a prompt termination1)
Is it now the duty of this Government forthwith to meet the
recent movements of Great Britain by corresponding move
menta upon our parti Would not such a course promete the
amicable and early settlement of the pending dispute? And
by so doing, would not the hazzard of border conflicts be greatly
diminished? These questions demand the serious and solemn
consideration of Congress and the country. Maine does not
desire, by any act of hers, to bring on a war, but she ought
net, and cannot, suffer a portion of her territory long to remain
in the military occupation of foreign troops.
Mr. W. then moved that five thousand extra copies of the
message and documents be printed, and in Older that the pub-
lic might see and compare the statements of Mt. Fox, with the
evident  now furnished, that the same number of the Presi-
dent's message ef the 29th of January, together with Mr. Fox's
letter of the 34th of January, and Mr. Forsyth's reply thereto,
should also be printed with the present message and decu-
ments; which was agreed to.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial from the Town Coun-
cil of Georgetown, South Carolina, asking for the erection of a
light-house at the mouth of the river Santee; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a memorial, praying for the
passage of a general bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial, praying for the im-
position of a moderate duty on foreign silks; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition from a number of citizens
of New York, praying for the passage of a general bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary-
Mr. WALL presented a similar petition; which had the same
reference.                                                ...
Mr. W. also presented additional papers m relation to the
claim of John H. Mackintosh; which were filed with the bill for
his relief.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a memorial of stockholders
of the Agricultural Bank of Natchez, for further indulgence in
the payment of a sum due the Government; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. C. also presented several memorias is favor of measures
for the prevention of wars between nations; which were referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from some good hard
money men of Missouri, remonstrating against the present
banking system; which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. B. also presented a memorial of citizens of Missouri,
praying the passage of a pre-emption law; which, was laid on
the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCE, from the Select Committee, to which was re-
ferred the memorial of Samuel Forry, made a special report
thereon; which was ordered to be printed, accompanied by a
bill, which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private Land Claims, to
which was referred a bill to revive the act entitled " An act to
enable claimants to land within the limits of Missouri and the
Territory of Arkansas, to institute proceedings to try the vali-
dity of their claim?, &c. reported the same with an amendment;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William Hogan, administrator of
Michael Hogan; which was read, and ordered to a second lead-
ilr. ROBINSON, from the Com mittee on the Post Office and
tost Roads, reported a bill for the relief of Francis A. Harri-
son; which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. NORVELL, the vote of the Senate adopt-
ing the report of the Committee on Naval Affairs, adverse to
the claim of                        was reconsidered, and the petition,
with additional papers, was again referred to that committee.
The motion submitted some days since by Mr. Benton to
print ten thousand additional copies of the salt document, was
taken up, and agreed to—ayes 23, nays 14.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private Land Claims, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Jean Bapüste Comeau; which was
read, and entered to a second reading.
Mr. TaLLMADGE submitted the following resolution, which
was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed to
inquire into the expedieney of reappropria'ing by law the ba-
lance of the appropriation often thousand dollars, heretofore
made by Congress, to be distributed among the officers and
trew of the Tate private armed brig ' General Armstrong,"
which balance, amounting to 83,975 20, was carried to the sur-
plus fund on the 31st December, 1839.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. LUMPKIN moved to take up the following resolution,
submitted by him some days since, in relation to the adjourn-
ment of the two Houses of Congress:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House of Re-
Sresentatives do adjoum their respective Houses sine die, on
[nndav, the-----day of May next.
Mr. LUMPKIN said this was a subject which did not require
many w rds for its elucidation, as every Senator could judge
of its propriety or impropriety. From the convictions of my
own mind, said Mr. L. I am satisfied that if we agree to fix the
adjournment two months hence, we can do more business, and
do it better, than if we delay it till September next. Thiny
years'reflection had convinced him that, when a definite day
was fixed for the adjournment, the members applied them-
selves more assiduously to business; there was less talking and
more action; and a general disposition to despatch the mea-
sures before the expiration of the time allotted had expired.
But there was another and an impoitant consideration to be
taken into account. Taking the expenses of the short seesions
as data, we have been silting here up to this day, at an expense
to the nation of little short of half a million of dollars. And
what have we done during this time) It my recollection is cor-
rect, Congress has passed but three bills—one of which was for
the payment of themselves.
Another consideration, and, with him, a very important one,
was that, on account of the long sessions, and the great difficulty
of getting the business entrusted to them by their constituents
transacted, Congress was lowered in the estimation of the
country, which was a great public evil. Notwithstanding the
great outcry about Executive abuses and Executive patronage,
the Legislature is by far the most important branch of this Go-
vernment. Whatever may be the amount of Executive abuses,
they dwindle into insignificance, when compared with those
which may spring from improper legislation. Whatever may
be his designs, no Executive can materially injure this country,
if Congress does its duty. The President only executes the
laws; and if this is done improperly, Congress has the power of
checking him; and has even the power of removing him from
office.
In submitting this resolution, Mr. L. said, he had consulted no
one on ihe subject; but he thought the interests of the country,
and the character of Congress, required that they should adjourn
at the earliest day the situation of the public business would
permit. He would not occupy longer the time of the Senate,
but wished to record his vote on the proposition. He would
discharge his duty, and he presumed others would discharge
what they conscientiously believed to be theirs.
Mr. L. then moved to fill the blank with the "18th day of May
next;" which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, expressed himself decidedly in favor
of the resolution, which had been introduced by the honorable
Senator from Georgia, [Mr Lumpkin. J He said he would not
only cordially vote to adjourn the present session of Congress on
the 18th of May next, but he would go still further, and would
vote for an amendment of the Constitution, by which the first
session of the term, as well as the last, should be limited tosome
definite period. He said it appeared to him that the tendency
of things, for the last ten or twelve years, was toward a perpe-
tual session of Congress, to which he was utterly oppposed.
Mr. C. said it had become customary for Congress, at the first
session in every term, to continue here seven or eight months,
when a much shorter time was required for the despatch of the
public business; and it was time to make a change.
Mr. C said it was a fact, easily demonstrable, that much the
greater portion of the business was done, at every session, whe-
ther long or short, within the last few weeks. He said he had
been an attentive observer of operations here for the last ten or
eleven years; and such, as far as he recollected, had been uni-
formly the case. But (he said) he had just looked hastily into
the proceedings of the last two sessions, and.found this view of
the matter fully sustained. The last session was a short one; but
about two hundred and fifty acts and resolutions had been
passed—the usual amount of business had been done. Yet,
(said Mr. C.) up to ihe 6ih of February, when more than two
out ef the three months of the session had elapsed, only five
acts and one resolution liad passed. The remaining two hun-
dred and forty or fifty acts and resolutions had been passed with-
in the last twenty-five days of the session. At the preceding
session, which was ihe last long one, and continued from the
first Monday in December to the 9th of July, about two hun-
dred and seventy acts and resolutions had been passed; and, of
that number, about one hundred and seventy passed within the
last thirty days of the session.
Now, (said Mr. C.) I may not be precisely accurate—my
calculation has been hastily made; but I do not believe I am far
wrong: and what does it prove? It shows satisfactorily, to my
mind, that about an equal amount of business is done in a ses-
sion of three months that is done in a session of eight months—
and the greater portion always within the last few weeks, at
either session.
Mr. C. said he had also observed another fact in his experi-
ence here, and that was, that so soon as a day of adjournment
was fixed, every one began to attend more assiduously, and
manifested a stronger desire to despatch the business. He
thought he might appeal with confidence Wall who had served
at former sessions, to sustain him in this view of the subject.
Let it be once understood, on all hands, that there is to be an
esd of the session on the 18th of May, and we should see the
members of both Houses prosecuting their duties with increased
energy and alacrity. Assured, as he was, that the results
would be altogether beneficirl, Mr. C. expressed the hope that
the resolution would receive the sanction of the Senate.
Mr CLAY of Kentucky took that occasion to express the
pleasure he felt in finding sucha measure emanate in the quar-
tern did. He not only had no objection to the time fixed in
the resolution, but was ready to go still further, and vote for nn
adjournment to-morrow, ay, or even that very day; for.from the
appearance of things around him.he must say, and he did so with
the deepest regret and mortification, that nothing was to be ex-
pected from the present session of the present Congress, either
to advance the interests, or to relieve the embarrassmentr of
the people. The sooner, then, that they went home and mixed
with their constituents, the better. Let us go to the honest far-
mer, and take a chaw tobacco with him, and ask him "how are
his children—how the state of his crops, and what markets are
afforded, in the present crippled state of the times, through the
war made upon the banks and credit of the country;" and
when we meetagain, said Mr. C. it will be under happier aus-
pices; we shall then be likely to find a Congress better organ-
ized, and more disposed to regard the public weal. The only
objection he had to this measure was, that it was calculated to
deceive and impose upon the people; he aid not impute any
such design to the Senator from Georgia; but that was its evi-
dent tendency. Who for one moment believed—did the hono-
rable Senator himself believe—that the session weuld be closed
by the middle of May next? No, sir, said Mr. C. the dog-days
will still find us in this city, and I object only that the step is
calculated to impress the people with the belief that such a
step was seriously contemplated. The state of thefinances was
such as to require the issue of some four or five millions of
Treasury notes, and, by the time we were ready to go, we
might be called on for four or five millions more, and that alone
would compel us te stay. He should vote for the resolution,
convinced, as he was, that nothing would be done to improve
the condition of the country; ai)d the sooner, therefore, the ad-
journment took place, the better for the country and their
friends.                                               „
Mr. LUMPKIN said the Senator trom Kentucky [Mr. Clay]
was not present when he introduced the resolution. He had
then stated that it was the result of no consultation with any
person, but was presented from his own convictions of duty.
He had not stated that he anticipated that his resolution
would pass, as he had no intention to deceive. He would even
say he did not anticipate success, but he had so received his les-
sons in the school of duty, as, when convineed he was in its path,
to sow his seed in the morning, and not withhold his hand in the
evening. He would discharge what he conscientiously deemed
to be his duty, regardless of consequences.
Mr. BENTON appreciated filly the motives which actuated
the Senator from Georgia, in presenting this resolution. They
were all laudable, and such as should actuate gentlemen in
bringing forward public mensures. He had many years since
been convinced ol the evil resultingfrom the inequality of dura-
tion in the short and long sessions, and thought it would be of
advantage to equalize them, by taking something from the end
of the long, and adding something to the beginning of the short
session. A bill, with a provision of this kind embraced in it,
passed both branches of Congress a few years since, but was
vetoed by the Executive,on the ground that we hadno power
to make a permanent law on the subject; that one Congress
had no right to bind its successors, though each might legislate
for itself. He was in favor of adjourning earlier and
meeting earlier. By our present arrangement, gentlemen were
generally on their way here during the first severe spell of cold
weather, and were therefore exposed to its inclemencies, at the
great risk of life and health. He had himself been more than
once frozen up on the Ohio river, and compelled to prosecute
his journey by land, over by-roads and in neighborhood con-
veyances. Business is also delayed by the present arrange-
ment, as from the time at which we meet it has got to be a set-
tled thing that no business is to be transacted until after Christ-
mas. But he would suggest to the Senator from Georgia the
propriety of holding up the resolution for a few days, that some
consultation and assimilation of opinions might be had on the
subject. There were now on our table three or four communi-
cations, and one special message from the President, upon
the subject of an anticipated deficit in the Teeasury. The
great diversity of opinion between the Executive and Judiciary
in regard to the operation of certain provisions of the compro-
mise act: the great increase of drawbacks, which have reached
an enormous amount: the almost certainty that the debts owing
to the Government by many of the banks—all were operating to
produce a deficiency in the Treasury. The Bank of the
United S'ates will owe a large amount to the Government in
September; but that institution will now not even pay out
her own irredeemable rags to discharge her obligations.
Checks drawn on her by depositóla aie not paid,
but they merely stamp "good" on them—to which some
add "for nothing." If the bills which were necessary to keep
the Government in existence were in the power of the Senate,
then he might be disposed to consider the propriety of fixing a
day for adjournment; but he was not willing to see this Go-
vernment crumble down into atoms for the want of means to
carry it on, and he would give no vote which should put it into
the power of those who were willing to see Congress adjourn
to-day, (as Mr. Clay of Kentucky said he was,)" and thereby
leave the Government to dissolve; for the event is certain, that
unless bills are passed to raise money, the Government must
stop payment before the next session.
Mr. LUMPKIN concurred with the Senator last up in the
propriety of many of his remarks; but in the proposition before
them there was no hasty day fixed—there was abundance of
time allowed to make up all matters alluded to by that Senator,
and all other necessary business. He could not brine himself
to indulge the idea that another branch would fail to do its duty
when the day for closing the session was named. He had never
been in the habit of speaking of party, or expressing party opi-
nions, (that was for another place, not for the Senate of the ifni.
ted States;) but, having a majority, as his political friends had,
in both branches of the National Legislature if they would not
act, he was ready for the blame to rest on his side of the House.
He was willing to go home to his constituents, as the Senator
from Kentucky had suggested. They had a double duty to ful-
fil: one that pertained to Congress, and another to themselves.
He felt desirous to bring the session to a close.
Mr. SEVIER was in favor of the resolution. He1 wished to
go home to his constituents. So long as a limit was not fixed,
the public business was not progressed in. During short ses-
sions they had ample evidence that more was done in three
months than usually in any six of Ihe long ones. With regard
to the wants of Go vernment, he was willing to supply what it
required—five, ten, nay twenty millions, if such a sum was ne-
cessary. He was not 'particular about that matter; but, if the
public business was not attended to, he was for leaving the re-
sponsibility where it belonged. He coincided in the opinion
that Congress was not the place for discussing the merits of
candidates for public favor. They were sent here to transact
business, and not to make speeches. Political discussions
were more appropriate subjects for the stump, where gentle-
men would have an opportunity of displaying themselves when
they returned to their constituents.
Mr. HUBBARD wished to postpone the whole matter for
ihe present. He would go as far as any man in his efforts so to
dispose of the public business as to have an early adjournment.
But look at the stateof the public business. When all the im-
portant public bills passed by this body were sleeping on the
Speaker's table, was that a time to move m this business? In
fast, the other branch was not fairly organized. When that
took place, he would be ready to go with his friend from
Georgia in fixing some certain day. He would therefore move
to postpone it until that day week.
This motion was negatived—ayes 19, noes 21.
Mr. ALLEN eaid|l believe the condition of public affairs was
never more critical than at present-never were more impor-
tant measures, more difficult qu/stions, grouped together and
pressed at once upon the atterJIon of Congress. We are as-
sembled here, not as visiters,Mot a limited number of days, to
enjoy, during|tbe winter, the/uxuries of the capital, and to re
tire, at the opening oflspri/g, to the interior, as our taste or
private convenience riaj/suggesl; no, but to transact those
affairs with that circumspection and care becoming men charged
with so solemn a trust. Whatever may be the reason of the
fact, experience proves the fact to exist—that even in ordinary
times, much less at a conjuncture like this, the period fixed in
the pending resolution for the adjournment, ha*been found too
short for the alternate session  of Congress, j
