CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
On motion of Mr. J. SMITH, of Vermont,
Readied, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct,
ad to inquire into the expediency of reviving and continuing in
force the provisions of the second section of an act, passed
March 3,1817, entitled "An act to continue in force an act, en-
titled an act further to provide for the collection of duties on
imports and tonnage, passed the 3d day of March, 1815, and for
other purposes."
On motion of Mr. NISBET,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary inquire into
the propriety of increasing the fees, or otherwise enlarging the
compensation of the marshal for the district of Georgia, and that
they report by bill or otherwise.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL ofSouth Carolina,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed to
inquire into the expediency of establishing a port of entry at
Bucrsville, m Sooth Carolina.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting
relief to Thomas McMaster, jr. in relation to a mail contract en-
tered uto by him.
On motion of Mr. CLIFFORD,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed to
inquire into the expediency ef regulating, by law, the compen-
sation of consuls, either upon the basis of a fixed salary, or by
requiring them to account for all moneys] received for official
services beyond a certain amount.
On motion of Mr. BELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a post route
between the town of Statesville, in Wilson county, and Wood-
bury, in the county of Conner, in the State of Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. CARTER of Tennessee,
f Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce inquire into the
expediency of ordering a survey of the Tennessee river, and its
navigable tributaries, with a view to their improvement.
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of granting a pension to
John Woods, of the county of Jefferson, and State of Ken-
tucky.
On motion of Mr. CAMPBELL of Tennessee,
Resolved, That (the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Readsbe directed to amend the law approved 7th July, 1838,
being an act to establish certain post routes to discontinue
others, so as to insert Scotteville, instead of Tompkinsviile, in
that part of the act establishing a post route from Witchen's
Cross Roads, in Tennessee, to Tompkinsviile, in Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. SWEENY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a port of entry,
and a district for the collection of revenue, at Port Clinton, in
the State of Ohio.
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the propriety of altering the name of the port
of entry at Sandusky city, from that «f Portland to that of San-
dusky city.
On motion of Mr. GOODE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a poet route from Lima, Alien county, Ohio, via Vin-
cent, the county seat of Vanwert county, - Ohio, to Fort
Wayne, in the State of Indiana.
O motion of Mr. BEIRNE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a mail route from Burdit's post office, on Second creek,
Greenbrier county, to Nichol and Hamilton's.store, inJHonroe
county, Virginia.
On motion of Mr. HOLLEMAN,
Resolved, Thai the Committee on Commeree'be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of placing buoys in Elizabeth
river, so as to mark out the channel of said river.
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pennons be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the pen-
sion of James Roberts, an invalid pensioner of the United
State .
Resolved, That the'Committee on Invalid Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing a pension to
the widow of sergeant C. Leming, who was wounded in the
discharge of his duty dnring the war of 1812.
On motion of Mr. GRAHAM,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of granting to Isaac
Levan, of Burke county, North Carolina, a pension for services
rendered in the Revolutionary War.
On motion of Mr. L. WILLIAMS,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Reads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a post road from Walnut Grove, in Virginia, to Bowers's
store, in Ashe county, North Carolina.
On motion of Mr. SAMUELS,
Resolved, That leave be given to the representatives of
Lieutenant Nathaniel Ashby to withdraw their papers filed in
the Clerk's office, and which were referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions in the Twenty-fifth Congress.
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing a pension to
Joseph Mayse.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing a post route from Moorfield, Hardy county, Virginia, by
way of the Valley of the South Fork and Oak Flat Fost Office
to Franklin, Pendleton county, Virginia.
On motion of Mr. BEIRNE,
Resolved, That the Comm ttee 'on Revelutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of allowing Joseph
Millón, a soldier of the Revolution, a pension.
Resolved,-That the Committee on the Poet Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a post route from Princeton, in Mercer county, by Rich
Creek, Camp Creek, and Glade Creek, so far as to intersect the
mail route at Henry Hull's, about fourteen miles from Black-
stone's River, towards Logan Court-house and Fayette Court-
house.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Road  f« instructed to inquire into the expediency of reim-
bursmg *fF. Teas, postroaswr at Coalsmouth, Virginia, the
amount paid by him for having the mail transported from said
office to Gallipolis, Ohio, agreeably to instruction  from the
genera] Pest Office Department,
On motion of Mr. STORRS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
te inquire into the expediency of an appropriation by Con-
gress for the purpose of removing Chester Rock, so called,
into the channel of Connecticut river, at or near the mouth of
Chester creek, or any other impediments to the navigation of
Connecticut river, in that vicinity.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of extending
the mail route from the town of Wolcott, in the State of Con-
necticut, to the town of Bristol, in said State.
On motion of Mr. TILLING!! AST,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a mail route
from Providence, in Rhode Island, to West Brookfield, in Mas-
sachusetts, via Sutton street and Oxford, or as they may deem
most convenient from evidence that may be before them.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs inquire
into the expediency of providing, by law, for the payment of a
reward of                   dollars for every Indian warrior, or ally,
or associate of Indians, who has been, or, at the time of capture,
shall have been engaged in active hostilities against the United
States in Florida, or any State adjoining thereto; and of
dollars for every other individual, of whatever age or sex, be-
longing to, or asseciated with, any hostile tribe or band of In-
dians in Florida; payable to the person, or persons, by whom
such warriors or other individuals aforesaid shall lie taken and
delivered alive to some competent authority of the United
States; and of a ieward in money, payable to such Indian, or
other men and women, and children, belonging to, or associ-
ated with, any hostile tribe or band, as shall voluntarily, with-
out capture, peaceably surrender to some competent authority
of the United States, in such manner as may be provided by
law.
On motion of Mr. HASTINGS, of Massachusetts,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of allowing to
Elijah Borden the arrears of a pension from the 25th day of
September, 1830, when he was stricken from the pension roll,
until the 19th day of January, 1832, when his name was restored
to the roll.
On motion of Mr. CUSHING,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of providing for the placing and
maintenance of suitable buoys and piers for working and deep-
ening the channel of the river Merrimac.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of increasing the pen-
sion of Major Charles Larrabee, who lost an arm in battle in the
last war with Great Britain.
On motion of Mr. COR WIN,
Resolved, That the memorial to Congress of the delegation
frem the Cherokee tribe of Indians, lie referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS oflndiana,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a mail route from Springville, in Lawrence county, by the
way of the Virginia Furnace and Stamford, in Monroe county,
White Hall, and Spencer, in Owen county, to Greencastle, in
Putnam county, in the State of Indiana, to Crawfordsville, in
Montgomery county.
On motion of Mr. RARIDEN,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing a mail route from Benton, in Elkhart county, Indiana, to
Pleasant Lake, where the State road enters the Defiance road,
near Steubenville. Also, a mail route from Marseilles, in No-
ble county, Indiana, to Benton, Elkhart county, Indiana.
On motion of Mr. WICK,
Resolved, That the Committee on Claims be instructed to
to inquire into the propriety of making compensation to Chan-
cy Carter,! for making a journey from Logansport, Indiana, to
the seat of Government, lor the purpose of adjusting his ac-
counts as a disbursing agent of the bureau of Indian Affairs.
On motion of Mr. CRABBE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ef esta-
blishing post rsutes as follows, viz: From Augusta, Georgia, to
Tuscaloosa, Ababama, by way of the Georgia railroad, to its
western termination; thence by the following places, in four
horse post coaches, three times a week, to wit: Madison. Mor-
gan county; Covington. Newton county; McDonough's, Henry
county; Fayetteville, Fayette county; Ñewnan, Coweta coun-
ty; and Carrollton, Carroll county, in Georgia; thence byAber-
chooka Gold Mines, in Randolph county, Talladega, Kimulga,
Columbiana, Montevallo, and Centreville, in Alabama; from
Pickensville to Yorkville, in Pickens county; andfrom Marion
to Uniontown, in Perry county, State of Alabama.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing the following post routes in Alabama, to wit: From Pike-
ville, through Millville, in Marion county, to Wall's Tan Yard,
in Mississippi; from Athens, through Gilbertsboro, to Pulaski,
Tennessee; from Russelville to Fulton, in Mississippi.
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of establishing a general bank-
rupt law.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 10, 1840.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial frem citizens ef New
York for a general bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALL presented a similar petition, Which was referred
ts the same committee.
Mr. W. said ha embraced that opportunity of saying that the
Committee on the Judiciary had a bill in preparation, which
would probably be reported the beginning of next week.
Mr. W. also presented a memorial of a number of citizens of
New Jersey, asking the establishment of a mail route; which
was refered to the Committee on the Post office and Post Roads.
Mr. HENDERSON presented two resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Mississippi, asking the establishment of certain post
routes therein designated, which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. H. also presented a memorial of the Legislature of Mis.
sissippi, asking that Congress may cause the value of the six-
teenth sections in the Chickasaw purchase, to be ascertained,
and to pay the same ovar to the school fund; and aleo asking a
grant of all the public lands in the State, for the purpose  of in-
ternal improvement; which was referred to the Committed on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented the lata report of the Ala-
bama Commissioners of the Tennessee river canal, made to the
Legislature of that State, exhibiting the progress and present
condition of that improvement.
Mr. C. referred to certain joint resolutions of the two Houses
of the Alabama Legislature, asking a relinquishment to that
State of the exclusive control of the works going on for the re-
moval of obstructions to the navigation of the Tennessee river;
which, he said,had been presented at the last session of Con-
gress, and, at its close, left on the files of the Senate; and which
had again been referred to the Committee on Roads and Ca-
nals at an early day of the present session. Mr. C. stated that
the funds produced by the sale of lands heretofore granted for
that purpose, (as far as they would sell on the terms authorized
by Congress,) had been faithfully applied, and were exhausted,
without completing that great work; and the Legislature now
asked the proposed relinquishment that they might devise way 
and means to remove the remaining obstructions. Mr. C. ad-
verted to the great importance of the improvements contem-
plated in the river Tennessee, and hoped the subject would re-
ceive early consideration by the committee. He said, although
the principal obstructions, presented by the Muscle Shoals, had
been overcome by a canal, about fifteen miles in length, there
yet remained other obstructions, above and below, which re-
quired removal; and without which navigation could not be
carried on inordinary tides of the river.
The documents presented by Mr. C. were referred to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. NORVELL presented the petition of J. L. Schoolcraft,
praying the payment of a sum of money guarantied to be paid
to him in a treaty with the Ottowa and Chippewa Indians;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented two memorials asking for
the imposition of a moderate duty on imported silks; which
were referred to the Committeeon Finance.
Mr. C. also presented various memorials remonstrating
against the use of bloodhounds in the Florida war; which were
laid on the table.
Mr. SOUTHARD also preiented a memorial in relation to
the bloodhounds; which was also laid on the table.
M. TALLMADGE presented a memorial of citizens of New
York in favor of a general bankrupt law; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from citizens of Mis-
souri, praying fora passage of a pre-emption law for the better
security of the settlers on the public lands; which was refer-
red to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. PORTER presented the petition of Henry H. Brown;
whieh was referred to the Committee on Claim .
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of a number of mas-
ters and owners of steamboats navigating the western waters,
praying a modification of the act of July 7, 1838; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.'
Mr. S. also presented two memorials remonstrating against
the use of bloodhounds in the Florida war; which were laid on
the taule.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private Land Claims, re-
ported a* bill for the relief of the legal representatives of Pierre
Bonhommie; which was read, and ordered to a second reading-
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims, to which
was referred the petition of the hairs of Robert Fulton, made
a detailed report adverse to the claim, which he gave notice he
would call up this day two weeks.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported
abill for the relief of Samuel McKay; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pensions, to which
was referred the claim of Frederick Sammons, made anadveise
report thereon.
Mr NORVELL submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to communicate, if in his judgment compatible with
the public hiterest, any information he may possess, or which
may have been received by any Department of the Executive,
touching any fortification or miliury works which have been
constructed within ihe test eighteen month , or which may be in
progress of construction, or any naval or military armaments
which have been prepared, or may be preparing, by the British
authorities along or near the Northern and Northwestern fron-
tiers of the United States.
Mr. BENTON submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be request-
ed to cause tobe communicated to the Senate a detailed chrono-
logical statement of the purchases of land made from each In-
dian tribe within the limits of the United Slates since the estab-
lishment of the present Federal Government; showing the suc-
cessive purchases in each tribe separately, with the whole
amount given by the United States in consideration thereof,
whether in money, lands, goods, i provisions, or aids, or in any
other way whatsoever—the whole to be arranged under proper
heads, with such remarks as may be necessary to exhibit a just
view of the full amount paid and contracted for to be paid in
consideration of each purchase, and followed by a general table
to show the total of the purchases and payments in the ease of
each tribe, and also the aggregate of the whole.
The bills ordered to be engrossed yesterday were severally
read a third time and passed.
The bill to relinquish to the State of Alabama the two per
cent fund reserved by the act of her admission into the Union,
to be applied to the making of a road or roads leading to said
State;
The bill to establish an additional land district in the State of
Alabama; and
The bill authorizing a patent to be issued to Joseph Campan;
were seveally considered as in Committee of the Whole, and
ordered tobe engrossed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 10, 1840.          ___
The reading of the journal having progressed for some time,
Mr. LEET rose and said he could perceive no P*^ 1" ad-
vantage to the House, in having the resolutions «ubmK 0 O"
yesterday read over Dy the Cmmc this morning,    Jraeywere
very numerous, and have up ioubt been careful^ copied mto
