256
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'he journal, and will be published.   Mr. L. intimated his inten-
tion to more that the further reading be dispensed with; but
Mr. STANLY demanding the reading to be proceeded with,
Mr LEET did not press his motion.
The Clerk having continuad the reading of the resolutions
for seme time,
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama, the further read-
ing of the journal was dispensed with.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia wished to submit a motion to
amend the journal of yesterday, which he knew could only be
done by the universal consent of the House. lie on yesterday
submitted a resolution proposing to have printed, for the use of
the members, a sermon on Christian courtesy, delivered on the
last Sabbath by the Chaplain of the House. He did not ap-
prehend that the resolution would meet with any objection.
He had since understood that the resolution was objected to on
the ground of discourtesy to the members. He was the last
man in that House who would knowingly do an act which
could even admit of such a construction. His only object was
to call to the minds of the members what he believed they well
knew individually. The only request that he then wished to
make, was, that he might be permitted to withdraw the resolu-
tion from the journal. He wished to withdraw it, because
it was understood by some gentlemen as discourteous. He had
other reasons which if necessary he could state.
The question was put, and the House unanimously agreed to
the withdrawal.
Mr. GRAVES made a motion to modify his resolution, which
appeared on the journal of yesterday, in relation to his call on
the Postmaster General; and the proposition having been ruled
out of order, he made a motion to suspend the rules, for the pur-
pose; which was disagreed to without a count.
Mr. RANDOLPH inquired of the Chair whether the resolu-
tion submitted by the gentleman from Virginia,[Mr. Rives,] re-
specting the Governor, was entered on the jonrnal.
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative!
Mr. RANDOLPH said he understood that the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Cooper,] had on yesterday demanded the
question of reception. He thought that when the question of
reception was moved, the matter on which it was moved, did
not go on the journal until that question was decided.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia said he moved the question of con-
sideration. His object was to test the question ol reception. lie
confessed that he was unwilling, at this time, that the preamble
should be received.
The SPEAKER said the question of consideration only hav-
ing been moved, the resolution was received, and on that mo-
tion was laid over under the rule.
Mr. STANLY moved to amend the journal by inserting the
name of the member who on yesterday objected to the consid-
eration of his resolution proposing that the General Govern-
ment should pay over the instalment due to the States of the
surplus revenue.
Mr. DROMGOOI.E, who had objected on yesterday, was per-
fectly willing that his name should appear on the journal,
though it was unusual to do so.
The SPEAKER said it was not usual to insert on the journal
the name of the gentleman objecting; and that it could not be
done except by a vote of the House.
Mr. STANLY moved a suspension of the rules for the pur-
pose; which was, however, disagreed to without a count.
Mr. BOTTS asked leave of the House to present a report from
the minority of the Committee of Elections in relation to the
New Jersey claimants.
The SPEAKER said it could only be received by the general
consent of the House.
Mr. PETRIKIN objected to the reception of the report. He
had no objection to receiving it and having it printed with the
report of the majoiity of the commtttee, but he was opposed to
letting it in at that time to interfere with the question before the
House.
Mr. BOTTS moved a suspension of the rules to enable him
to present the report; and on that motion demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. DROMGOOLE wished to know what would be the effect
of receiving the minority report.   He asked if the House took
any action on it—whether it would supersede the business now
before the House,
The SPEAKER was of opinion that it would not.
Mr. TURNEY:  I want to know what would be the effect of
suspending the rules,  if a debate should spring  up on  a
motion to print these papers.   Would that interfere with the
pending business on whieh the previous question had been
moved*
The SPEAKER was of opinion that it would.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut: On behalf of the minority of the
Committee of Elections, I wish to say that it is not our intention
to move the printing of the minority report, nor to interfere with
the other question before the House.
The question was then taken on the motion to suspend the
idles, and resulted—yeas 126, nays 80.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
1 he SPEAKER announced that the business before the House
was the proposition of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Fillmore,] as follows:
Whereas this House did, by a resolution adopted on the 28th
February, 1840, among other things, direct the Committee of
Elections "to report forthwith which five of the ten individuals
claiming seats from the State of New Jersey received the
greatest numberjof lawful votes from thejwhole State for Repre-
sentatives in the Congress of the United States at the election of
1838, in said State."
And whereas this House had previously referred evidence to
that committee tending to show that the poll at South Amboy,
in said State, at said election, was not held according to Jaw,
and that numerous votes given at said election were unlawful,
because the persons voiing had no legal right to vote, and the
parties to said contest are now absent Irom this city with the
consent and under the authority of said committee, taking tes-
timony m said case, for the purpose of ascertaining who re-
ceived the greatest number of lawful votes at said election in
said State.   And whereas certain depositions alleged to have
been taken by one of the parties to said contest, in pursuance
of the directions of said committee, in a sealed envelope, were
addressed to the Speaker of this House, tending to show, as is
alleged, that the polls at South Amboy were not held according
to law, and that unlawful votes were taken at said poll.   Arm
whereas said committee, in acting on the resolution of this
House, refused to consider any portion of said evidence, but de-
termined to repot*, and have reported, simply the number "of
vote  adjudged to have been given to the several claimants by
the Governor and Pivy Council of New Jersey, together with
those returned by the election officers of the townships of Mill
ville, in Cumberland county, and South Amboy, in Middlesex
county, to the clerks of said counties respectively," without in-
quiring whether said votes were lawful or not.
Therefore resolved, That said report be recommitted to said
committee with instructions to inquire and report to this House,
with all convenient despatch, which five of the ten claimants to
the vacant seats in this House from said State received the
greatest number of lawful rotes at the last Congressional election
in said State.
Ana the following substitute therefor, offered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Petrixin,] ob which the pie-
vious question had been moved:
Whereas it appears by the report of the Committee of Elec-
tions that Philemon Dickerson, Peter D. Vroom, Daniel B. Ry-
all, William R. Cooper, and Joseph Kille, received the greates
number of lawful votes cast In the State of New Jersey, at the
election holden in that State for Representatives in the Twenty-
sixth Congress:
Resolved, That Philemon. Dickerson, Peter D. Vroom, Da-
niel B. Ryall, William Cooper, and Joseph Kille, are entitled to
take their seats in the House of Representatives, as members of
the Twenty-sixth Congress, and that the Speaker of the House,
on their presenting themselves, qualify them as such: Provided,
That' nothing herein contained shall prevent the investigation
into said election from being continued in the manner hereto-
fore authorized by a majority of the Committee of Elections,
on the application of the five claimants far said seats.
Mr. PEÍ RIKIN then asked leave to modify his amendment,
by inserting the words "prima facie upon the evidence in pos-
session of the committee," to come in after thejword "that," in
the second line.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut apprehended that the modifica-
tion was not in order, after the previous question was called.
A new proposition would then be before the House.
Mr. BOTTS inquired whether the previous question could be
putona proposition that never was before the House. If the
modification of the gentleman from Pennsylvania was made, the
proposition would be a new one, and not the one on which the
previous question was moved.
The CHAIR said that the gentleman from Pennsylvania had
a right to make the modification, before the question was
taken.
Mr. LINCOLN made some remarks which, from the noise
and confusion prevailing at the time, were not heard, and con-
cluded by appealing from the decision of the Chair.
Mr. PETRIKIN then said that, as his modification had cre-
ated so much noise and confusion among the Opposition mem-
bers, he would, in order to relieve the Speaker and the House
from further embarrassment, withdraw his modification.
The appeal, then, of course, fell to the ground, and the ques-
tion was taken by tellers—Messrs. Byndm of North Carolina
and Cahfpell of Tennessee—who, after counting the voters
passing through them, announced the result as—ayes 109,
noes 81.
Mr. FILLMORE then called for the yeas and nays on the pre-
vious question, which were ordered, and resulted in—yeas 113,
nays 94.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut here moved to lay the resolution
and amendment on the table, and this question was decided in
the negative—yeas 92, nays 113, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews,
Barnard, Bell, Bond, Botts, Brockway, Calhoun, William B.
Campbell, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark, James Cooper,
Mark A. Cooper, Corwin, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis,
Citshmg, Edward Davies, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry,
Dennis, Dillett, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Rice
Garland, Gates, Gentry, Goggin, Goode, Graham, Granger,
Graves, Green, Grinnel, Habersham, W. S. Hastings,
Hawes, Henry, John Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, James,
Jenifer, Charles Johnston, William Cost Johnson, Kempchall,
King, Lincoln, McCaity, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Mor-
gan, Calvary Morris, Nisbet, Osborne, Pope, Promt, Randall,
Randolph, 1 Rariden, Rayner, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall,
Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, S anly, Storrs, Stuart, Talia-
ferro, TiUinghast, Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood,
Wagner, lohn White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams,
Joseph L. Williams, and Christopher H. Williams—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Anderson, Atherton, Banks,
Beat:y, Beirne, Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V Brown,
Burke, Sampson H. Butler, William O. Butler, Bvnum. John
Campbell, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles,
Conner, Crary, Cross, Dana, Daveo, John Davis, John W.
Davis, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely,
Fine, Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith, James Garland,
Gerry, Hammond,Hard,J. Hastings,Hawkins,John Hill ofN C.
Hlllen, Holleman, Holmes, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard,
Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W. Jones, Keim, Kemhle, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard,
Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McKay, Marchand, Medill,
Miller, Montgomeiy, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parish,
Parmenter, ParrK Paynter, Petrikin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ram-
sey, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives, Robinson, Edward Rogers, James
Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, SheparJ, Albert Smith, John Smith,
Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong. Sumter,
Swearingen, Sweeny, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip F.
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, David D. Wagener, Wat-
lerson, Weller, Wick, Henry Williams, Sherrod Williams, and
Worthington—113.
Mr. RANDOLPH asked if a motion to postpone would be in
order.
The SPEAKER replied in the negative.
Mr. RANDOLPH asked for the reading of the proviso in the
amendment, which was done.
Mr. R. then asked for the reading of the proviso in the origi-
nal instructions moved by the gentleman from Tennessee, but
Mr. PETRIKIN objecting, it was done.
The SPEAKER having announced the main question to be
on the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Petrikin,]
Mr. RANDOLPH called for a division of the'question, so as
take it first on all that part of the amendment precedine the
proviso; but withdrew the call at the request of Mr. FILL-
MORE.
The SPEAKER again put the question to the House; when
Mr. MONROE asked if it was now in order for him to state
his reasons for net voting on this question; and if it was not now
in order, he desired to know when it would be in order.
The SPEAKER replied that it would not be in order, but that
the gentleman could ask to be excused from voting, and then
give his reasons for desiring to be excused.
Mr MUNROE then rose and asked the House to excuse him
from voting on the question. His reasons were these: he was called
upon to vote upon a question which he did not understand the
whole inerttsof. He had not read the reportof the committee,
and had not heard it read so as to understand it. It had not been
printed, and he was «ailed upon to vote on a question before
this House, involving greater constitutional difficulties than it
had ever been called on to decide. He now solemnly protested
against being compelled to vote, and he called on the House to
excuse him from committing so great an outrage on his con-
8 The question was then taken, and Mr. Münroe was excused
from voting without a division.                                                ,
The yeas and nays were then called over by the Clbrk; and
when thd name ofMr. GooaiN was called, he asked if he could
have the privilege of assuming his reasons for the vote ne was
about to give; but the Speaker declared that he could not, un-
der the rules of the House, do so. The Clerk then proceeded
with, and finished, the call of the yeas and nays, when, and be
fore the result was announced by the Chair,
Mr. RUSSELL rose and observed that the importance of the
question induced him to ask whether those gentlemen who
were within the Hall, and had not voced, should not be re-
quired to do so. There were several gentlemen, he said, pre-
sent, who had not voted when called by the Clerk.
The SPEAKER replied that he had no power over the sub-
Mr. RUSSELL wished to know whether there was nota rule
of the House  requiring every member who was present to
Tlie SPEAKER informed the gentleman that there was such
a rule, but it was it was not the piovince of the Chair to en-
force it. The only course of the gentleman was to submit a
motion for the House to decide.
Mr. RUSSELL. There are in the House, and in their seats,
several gentlemen who have not responded to the call of the
Clerk, and I nndeistand that they will not. Now, whether the
votes of these gentlemen will or will not change the result, I
will not inquire. I only wish to inquire whether the rule is to
be enforced, and I now ask the Speaker to have the names of
the gentlemen whodeclined voting, called.
The SPEAKER said that the only way for the gentleman to
accomplish his object was to designate the names of the gentle-
man who were in their seats, and declined voting.
Mr. RUSSELL said that he would do so; and first, he would
name the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. John Qoincy
Adams,] and ask that he be called on to vote.
The SPEAKER.   He has been called on to vote.
Mr. PROFF1T.   I move that he be compelled to vote.
Much noise and confusion prevailing,
Mr. COOPER of Georgia called on the Chair to preserve
order; and
The SPEAKER having succeeded in restoring order,
Mr. RUSSELL assured the House that it was with no desire
to embarrass its proceedings that he persisted in his motion.
His object was to determine whether the rules of the House
were or were not to be regarded, and he w uld therefore ask
the attention of the House while he read the 36th rule. Mr. R.
then read the 36th rule, the substance of which is that when a
question is taken, every member who is present in the hall
shall vote on it, unless excused by the House. Mr.R. concluded
by expressing the hope that the rule would be enforced.
The SPEAKER asked the gentleman to submit a motion.
Mr. RUSSELL then submitted a resolution that John Qoin-
cy Adams, a member of this House from Massachusetts, and
nowin his seat, be required to vote on the question pendiug, be-
fore the vote on the same is announced.
Mr. DROMfiOOLE and several other gentlemen rose at the
same time, inquiring whether the resolution was in order at this
time.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland appealed to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Russell] to withdraw his resolution. He
could see no good that could be affected by any attempt on the
part of this House to enforce this particular rule when an indi-
vidual refusing to vote was more responsible to the country than
he was to the House. He hoped the gentleman would not em-
barrass the proceedings of the House by persisting in this mo-
tion, and in which, if it prevailed, the House might be foiled in
attempting to carry it out.
As the decision of the Honse on this question could not be
altered even by adding in the votes of the few who had
not voted, he hoped the gentleman would not deem it necessary
to persist in his motion. It was, he thought, a delicate matter
to attempt to compel gentlemen to vote on questions in regard
to which they entertained conscientious scruples. He voted
himself under great doubts; and he for one would rather have
subjected himself to the censures of this House than to the cen-
sures of his conscience, had he entertained the scruples that he
understood these gentlemen did. This was a question in rela-
tion to which any conscientious man might avoid voting on, for
as the report stated that the gentlemen named in it had receiv-
ed the greatest number of lawful votes, they might well hesi-
tate about voting against it. He himself believed that the re-
port stated the facts incorrectly, and therefore had voted against
he amendment. He could see no possible good in attempting
to enforce the rules, when it was obvious that such doubts were
tentertained by the gentlemen who declined voting.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked il debate was in order. ,
The SPEAKER replied that it wag.
Mr PETRIKIN then moved to lay Mr. Russell's resolu-
tion on the table.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. RUSSELL then modified his resolution, so as to read in
substance as follows:
Resolved, That tlie House do refuse to excuse John Q.
Adams, John W. Allen, and Edward Stanly, (and one
other name not heard by the Reporter,) from voting on the
question pending before the House, and that the Clerk call on
these gentlemen to vote.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said itwasnotin order to offer a resolu-
tion that the House will refuse to excuse gentlemen from voting
who have not asked to be excused. It was also out of order to
move a resolution after (he yeas and nays had been taken, and
before the result was announced by the Chair. It was pot in
order to interpose any motion to delay the aununciation of the
result of the vote that had been taken. When that result was
announced, gentlemen might then, if they pleased, arraign
those members who had been refractory, and had refused
vote.
