CONGRESSIONAL. «LOBE.
86th Cosa.........1st Sess.
TUESDAY, MARCH 24, 1840.
Volume 8.,.~......No. 17"
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE «1   PER SESSION.
Ccntinutdfram No. 16.
Mr. C0SOINO rose for the purpose of cufirrainr lb* point
of order made by the penile roan from Virginia, [Mr. Dbom
sools.] It was noi in order to more that the House refuse to
•ic use. gentlemen from voting who hare not asked to be ex-
cused.*
The SPEAKER said the modification of the gentleman from
New York was not in order.
Mr. RUSSELL then withdrew his modification, and observed
that he rested oo his original resolulioa.
The SPEAKER then stated the question to be on the resolu-
tion of tue eeatleman from New York, [Mi. Rcsa u.)
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS called for the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
Mr. DROMGOOLE roue to the same point of ordei on the re-
solution that 'u l been decided in the modification. It was not
in order tor the House to entertain a motion after the yeas and
nays bad been calle' and before the result was announced. Be-
sides, Mr. D. said the House could not compel a gentleman to
vote who declined voting.
The SPEAKER said that no compulsion was contemplated in
the resolution, and that it was in order then to offer it, tor that
was the wily ums at which it could be offered to have any ef-
fect.
Mr. DROMGOOLE appealed from the decision ofthe Chair.
The yeas and nays, he said, had just been taken, and before the
result was announced, they were called upon to take the yeaa
and nays again on another mouon, and perhaps to be followed
by a similar mouon, should any gentleman refuse to vote. He
implored the House to save them I rom such an absurdity as
that ol again taking the yeaa and nays before the result was an-
nounced on the question that bad been taken. Mr. I), then
moved the previous question on the appeal, which having been
•soded, and the previous question put and carried,
Mr. RUSSELL demanded the yeaa and nays on the main
question on the appeal; which were ordered, and resulted, yeas
87, nays 103.
Se the decision of the Cha  being reversed,
The votes of the members, as they severally voted on the
main question of Mr. Pbthikin's amendment, were called over
by the Clerk, and
The SPEAKER anneuneed the result to be yeas 111, mays 91,
as follow?:
TEAS—Messrs. Jutteon Allen, Hugh J. Aadersoa, Atkerton,
Banks, Realty, Beirne, Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster, Aaron V.
Brown, Albert G. Brown, Butke, Sampson II. Butler, William
O. Bulles, Bynum, C'arr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford,
Coles, Conner, t'rai^ Crary, Cross, Dana, Davee, John Davis,
John W. Davis, Doao, Doig, Droomgooie, Duncan, Earl, East-
man, Ely, Fine, Fisber, Floyd, Fornance, Calbrailh, Gerry,
Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of North
Carolina, Hillen, Holleman, Holmes, Hook, Howard, Hubbard,
Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Learlbetter, Leet, Leonard,
Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McKay, Marehand, Medill,
Miller, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parish,
Parmenter, Parra, Paynter, Petrikin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ram-
sey, Reynol Is, Rhett, Rives, Robinson, Edward Rogers, James
Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Albert Smith, John Smith,
Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Sleeorod, Strong, Sumter,
Sitearingen, Sweeny, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip F.
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, David D. Wagener,
Watterson, Welter, Wick, Henry Williams, and Wortbing-
ton—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews, Barnard,
Ball, Biddte, Bond, Bolts, Broekway, William B. Campbell,
Carter, Crien, Chittenden, Clark, James Cooper, Mark A.
Cooper, Corwin, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cushing,
Edward Davies, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Dil-
leu, Edwaids, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, James Garland,
Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry, Goggin, Guode, Graham,
Granger, Graves, Green, Grinnell, Habershttm, William S. Has-
tings, Hawes, nenry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, Hunt, James,
Jenifer, diaries Johnston, William Cost Johnson, Kempshall,
K.aj, Lincoln, McCarty, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Morgan,
Calvary Morris. Nisbet, Osborne, Pope, ProflV, Randall, Ran-
dolph, Rariden, Raynei, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Simon-
ton, Slade, Truman Smith, Storm, Stuart, Taliaferro, Tilling-
hast, Toland, Tripleta, Trumbull, Underwood, T éter J. Wagner,
John White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph
L. Wi'liams, Christopher H. Williams, and Sherrod Wil-
liams—91.
The amendment of Mr. Pbtrikih having been thus adopted
the question recurred on the resolution as amended.
Mr. TDRNEY called for the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered.
The question was then taken by yeas and nays; but before the
result was announced from the Chair,
Mr. HABERSHAM, who was absent when his name was
called, asked leave to have his vote recorded in the negative.
Cries of no, no, not in order, from several.
The SPEAKER said that the gentleman could not now vote,
without the general consent of the House.
Mr. HABERSHAM then moved to suspend the rules, ioorder
to admit a motion to allow him to vote.
Mr. TURNEY inquired if the motion of the gentleman from
Georgia was in order. It was decided by the vote on the appeal
taken by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Drohsoolb,] that
no motion was in order afierthe yeas and nays had been taken,
before the result was announced from the Chair.
The SPEAKER said the motios of the gentleman from Geor-
gia was not in order, and then announced the result of the vote
just taken, as—yeas 111, nays 80, as fdlows:
YEAS—Messrs. Judjon Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Borne, Blackwell, Boyd, Brews«er, Aaron V.
Brown, AtbertG. Brown, Burke, Sampson H. Butler, Wm. O.
Butler, Bynum, Carr, Carroll, Casey Chapman, Clifford, Coles,
Conner, Craig, Crary, Cross, Dana, Davee, John Davis, John
W. Davis, Doan. Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman,
Ely,. Fine, Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbrauh, Gerry, Ham-
mead, Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins, John Hill of North Ca-
rotina, Hillen, Holleman, Holmes, Hook, Howard, Hubbard
Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Care Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, J.
W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis,
Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McKay, Marchand, Medill, Miller,
Montgomery, S. W. Moiris, Newhard, Parish, Parmenter,
Parns, Payntei, Petrikin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Rey-
nolds, Rhett, Rives, Robinson, James Rogers, Samuels, Shaw,
Bhepard, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Stark-
weather, Sieenrod, Strong, Sumter, Swearingen, Sweeny, Tay-
lor, Francis Tlmmas, Philip F. Thomas. Jacob Thompson,
Turney, David D. Wageaer, Watterson, Waller, Wick, Henry
Williams, and Worthington—HI.
NAY —Messrs. John W. Allen, Andrews, Btrnard, Bell,
Biddle, Bond, Botts, Broekway, William B. Campbell, Carter,
Chinn, Chittenden, Clark, James Cooper, Mark A. Cooper,
Corwin, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cushing, Davies,
Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Edwards, Evans,
Everett, Fillmyre, James Garland, Rire Garland, Gates, Gen-
try, Goggin, Goode,Graham, Granger, Graves, Green, Grinnell,
W illiarn S. Hastings, Richard Hawes. Thomas Henry, John
Hill of Virginia. Ogden Hoffman, Francis Jamen, Daniel
Jenifer, Charles Johnston, William Cost Johnson, Kempshall,
Lincoln, McCarty, Marvin, Mason, Morían, Calvary Morns,
Ni*bet, Osborne, Promt, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner,
E Rogers, Russell, Salionstall, Simonton, Storra, Stuart, Talia-
ferro, Tiilinghast, Toland, Triplelt, Trumbull, Underwood,
Peter J. Wagner, John White, Lewis Williams, J. L Wil-
liams, and C. II. Williams—80.
So the resolution, as amended by Mr. Pktrikin's substitute,
was adopted; and Messrs. Dickerson, Vroom, Kills, Ryall,
aiidCooPEK wep"declared to be entitled to take their scats as
members of the Twenty-sixth Congress from the Stale of New
Jersey, and that the Spcaker, on their presenting themselves,
qualify them as such.
Mr. J. W. .IONES called for the orders of the day.
Mr. DROMGOOLE hoped his colleague weuld not press that
motion, but thai the House would, by universal consent, agree
to receive the report of the minority ofthe Committee of Elec-
tions, and that both reports and testimony be printed.
Mr. BOTTS said, as the judgment ofthe House had been
Eronounced on the question of the New Jersey claimants, he
oped that there was no objection to introducing the report of
the minority of the Committee ef Elections on that subject.
There was no objection, but
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana demanded the yeas and nays.
Gentlemen voted ihis morning against'receiving thisjreport; he
now wished to see their names recorded in favoi of receiving it.
The SPEAKER said there was no objection. The consent
was unanimous; and consequently there was no question upon
which to call the yeas and nays.
HMr. GARLAND insisted upon it that he had the right to call
the yeas and nays'on the motion. Gentlemen had this morning re-
corded their names against recewing this report; but now, after
having pronounced judgment, they were willing to receive it.
He wanted to see their votes now recorded in opposition to those
in the morning.
Mr. DROMGOOLE desired to know if it was in order to call
the yeas and nays on a motion, which had been received by
unanimous consent
The SPEAKER inquired of the gentleman from Louisiana,
Mr. Gablakd, whether he objected to the reception of the re-
port.
Mr. GARLAND said he did not object; but he wished to
have the yeas and nays en its reception.
Mr. W. B. CALHOUN said he would object to the reception
ofthe report. It had b-en suppressed to day; and, therefore, he
wished it to go forth to the world as a suppressed report. He
entreated his friend from Virginia [Mr. Borre] to withdraw his
motion.
Mr. BOTTS said he could not consent todo so. This was
the very day, of all others, that he wanted the question to be ta-
ken.   He wished it published as a j ustification of his vote.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS moved a suspension of the rules
to permit the presentation ofthe report.
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and nays on that mo-
tion. Gentlemen are very willing now to let in this report, after
they cave decided the question, bul they refused to receive it
this mornine.
Mr. McCLELLAN inquired whether a motion to suspend the
rules twice on the same day on the same question,was in order.
The CHAIR said it was not in order.
Much confusion now prevailing in the hall,
Mr. RAMSEY moved that the House adjourn;  but subse-
quently withdrew it-
Mr. KEMBLE renewed the motion, and said he would not
withdraw it.
Mr. CRABB demanded the yeas and nays nn the motion;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 98, nays 87. Accord-
inolv,
The House adjourned.
Washington, March 10,1840.
GKNtL«MB'«: Please insert in the Globe that Messrs. Hall
and Flbtcbek of Vermont, who would have voted on oppesite
sides, were absent from the House on Tuesday by mutual
agreement, and did not vote upon the different questions that
were taken.
Respectfully,                                       J. FLETCHER.
Messrs. Blair and Rives.
IN SENATE,
Wpdneiday, March 11,1840.
The VICE PRESIDENT submitteda report from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in compliance with
u resolution of the 30th  December, containing ta-
bular statements showing the amount of duties re-
ceived, and the amount of drawbacks paid on the
same, since 1833; which were laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Al   so, resolutions of the Legislature of the Ter-
ritory of Florida, asking admission into ihe Union,
and depieeating  any division of said Territory;
which were referred to the Select Committee on the
Florida Territory.
Al o, a petition from Thomas Quantril, asking a
pension; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
\
FUGITIVES FROM JUSTICE.               \
Mr. LUMPKIN presented the following reaolu-    *
tions of the Legislature of Georgia:
The Federal Constitution having been framed partially with
a view to regulate the constitutional intercourse between the
sovereign Stales that ordained it, and having conferred all tho
powers necessary and proper for carrying its provisions into
full effect upon a Congress of the United States, it is incum-
bent on that body, by us legislation, to secure the several States
in the enjoyment of their constitutional rights. Not the least
important stipulation in that compact is, that "a" person
charged with treason, felony, or other crime, who shall flee
from justice and be found in another State, shall, on demand of
the Executive authority of the State from which he fled, to bo
delivered up to be removed to the State having jurisdiction of
the crime.
Doubtless the past legislation on this subject has been predi-
cated upon the presumption that each State having, in the
pledged faith of all the others, a sufficient guarantee, nothing
more was requisite than to prescribe the forms which should
give authenticity to the demand; doubtless, too, in the time
which gave birth to the Constitution, whilst the Union was
young and her Revolutionary associations fresh ani warm, this
presumption found its warrant in the mutual fidelity which
promptly responded to all Executive demands. To this gene-
ration has been reserved the humiliating spectacle of a sovereign
State making herself a city of refuge for fugitive felons from
her sister confederates. Two such cases of recent occurrence
demonstrate the utter inefficiency of the existing laws for car-
rying into eff. ct the provision ofthe Constitution. They, more-
over, clearly indicate the cause of this inefficiency. Thoso
laws are dependent for their execution upon the mere will of
the Executive officers of the several States, who neither are
nor can be made iesponsible to the General Government. If,
then, it be correctly assumed that the Federal Legislature is
bound to make ample provision for the contemplated exigency,
and if experience has proved that reliance on State authorities
is delusive, the question .occurs whether there be any other
mode which gives fairer promise of security/ May not the ob-
ject he accomplished by employing in that service officers ap-
pointed by, and responsible to, the Federal Government? Inas-
much as that Government has employed in every State of the
Union competent judicial and ministerial officers, it is believed
that this duty, enjoined by the highest obligation, and intimate-
ly connected with the harmony and perpetuity ofthe Union, may
be appropriately and efficiently performed through their instru-
mentality. There would seem to be a peculiai fitness in pro-
viding thatthe aid which she is bound to afford to the State ju-
diciaries, should result from the action of her own judiciary.
The process would be simple, and the agents directly responsi-
ble to the power whence the laws to be executed emanate.
Be it therefore resolved, That the statutes of the United
States enacted to carry into effect ihe latter clause of the second
section of the fourth article of the Constitution are wholly in.
adequate to the object.
Beitfurlher resolvtd, That, in the opinion of this General
Assembly, those statutes should be so amended as, 1st, to au-
thorize the demand in the cases contemplated to be made upon
the Circuit Judge of the United States having jurisdiction in the
State wherein such fugitive may be found; 2d, to require that
such judge, upon sueh demand being made in due form of law,
shall issue his warrant to be directed to the Marshal of the
United States in the Stnte wherein such fugitive may be requir-
l ng his arrest and delivery ta the agent duly authorized to re-
ceive him who shall be named in such warrant; 3d, to require
each marshal, to whom any such warrant shall be delivered,
forthwith to execute the same.
Be it further resolved. That our Senators in Congress be
instructed, and our Representatives be requested, to have the
act of Congress, passed on the 12th of February, 1793, to carry
into effect the second section of the fourth article of the Con-
stitution of the United States, so amended as to make it ob-
ligatory on the said district judge to surrender any person who
may be found in any State or Territory, and who is charged, in
any other Slate or Territory, with the commission of any act
which is constituted a crime by the laws of said State or Ter-
ritory, where he is so charged, to the Executive authority of
the state or Territory where the offence is alleged to have been
committed.
Be it further resolved, That his Excellency the Governor be
requested to forward to ourSenatois and Representatives in
Congress copies of the above preamble and resolutions, with a
request that they endeavor to procure such amendments of the
statutes in question, as in their judgment will be best calculated
to affect the desired object.                RORT. M. ECHOLS,
Presidsnt of the Senate.
Attest: David J. Bailiy.
JOSEPH DAY,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Attest: Joseph Sdbqfb, Clerk.
AreaovBD, 24th December, 1839.
CHARLES J. McDONALD, Governor.
Mr. LUMPKIN said: Mr. President, I most
ask the indulgence ofthe Senate, while I submit a
few remarks in connection with ibe subject of the
resolutions that have just been read by the Secre-
tary of the Senate. These resolutions have received
the sanction of a majority of both branches of h«
Legislature of Georgia, as well as the assent of the
Governor of the State.    They therefor- possess
