358
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
«11 the requeue forms of legislation required by the
Constitution of the State that I in part represent, to
entitle them to my hghest respect and considera-
tion. Moreover, I am instructed by these resolu-
tions to sustain the views of the Legislature, as
therein peinted out and suggested.
In order, Mr. President, that the Senate and the
people of the United States may clearly understand
the pending controversy betveen the two States—
Georgia acd Maine—I deem it important that a his-
tory of the facts and circumstances connected with
the case should be briefly presented. They are as
follows:
In May, 1837, a man slave by the name of
Atticus, the property of James Sagurs and Henry
Sagurs, citizens of the city of Savannah, and county
of Chatham, in the Slate of Georgia, was conveyed to
the Slate of Maine, by Daniel Phifbrook and Ed-
ward Killeran, citizens cf the State of Maine, beiDg
roaster and mate of the vessel on board of which
said slave was conveyed; which vessel was known
by the name of the schooner Boston, and which had
recently been in the port of Savannah. On the 16th
of June, in the same year, James Sagurs, one of
the owners of said slave, complained on oath be-
fore a magistrate of Chatham county, that Da-
niel Philbrook and Edward Killeran "did,on or
about the 4th day of May last, feloniously enveigle,
take, steal, and cany away, without the limits of
the State of Georgia," the slave Atticus that the
said Daniel Philbrook and Edward Killeran have
been guilty, as the deponent is informed and be-
lieves, of a felony under the laws of this Stair; and
"that since the commission of said felony, the said
Philbrook and Killeran have fled from th's State,
and are, as he believes, at this time, within the
limits of the State of Maine, in the United States."
Whereupon a warrant for the apprehension of
Philbrook and Killeran was issued by the magis-
trate before whom the information was made. On
the same day, the officer charged with its execution,
made a return that they were not to be found in the
county of Chatham. And on the 21st of the same
month, the then Governor of the State of
Georgia, William Schley, made a demand
upon Robert P. Dunlap, then Governor of the State
of Maine, of Philbrook and Killeran, as fugitivss
from the justice of the laws of Georgia, charged
with feloniously inveigling, stealing, taking and
carrying away the slave Atticus, and transmit-
ted, with his demand, a copy of the affidavit and
warrant, and the return, duly authenticated. On
the 16 h of August of the same year, Governor
Dunlap addressed to Governor Schley a communi-
cation, in which be declined to cause the arrest of
Philbrook and Killeran.
In December, 1837, the Legislature of Georgia
adopted resolutions declaring the refusal of the Go-
vernor of Maine to surrender Philbrook and Kil-
leran, dangerous to the rights of the peop'e of
Georgia, and directly and clearly in violation of
the plain letter and spirit of the Constitution of the
United States. That the State of Georgia came a
party to the Federal Constitution no less for the
better protection of her own than the common
rights and interests of all, and that when these ends
are defeated, she is released from the obligations
of that compact, and it has become her right and
her duty to provide protection for her people in her
own way. That when an indictment rirnu'd be
found against Philbrook and Killeran, the
Executive be requested to renew the de-
mand for their arrest; and if the demand
be again refused by the Executive of Maine,
that a copy of its resolutions be transmitted to
the Executive of each State of the Union, to be
laid before their respective Legislatures; that a
copy be transmitted to the President of the United
States, and to the Senators and Representatives of
Georgia, in Congress, to be submitted to that body;
and if the Legislature of Maine, at its next session
after these resolutions shall have been forwarded
by the Executive of that State, neglect to redress
theg'ievance complained of, then the Executive
of Georgia shall announce the same by proclama-
tion, and call a convention of the people, to take
into consideration the state of the Commonwealth
of Georgia, and to devise the course of her future
policy, and provide all necessary safeguards for the
protection of her rights of her people.
On the 7th of February, 1833, an indictment
charging Philbrook and Killeran with larceny, in
feloniously"inveigling, stating, taking, and carrying
away the stave Atticus, was found by the ^rand
jury of Chatham county; and on the 27th of April
following, Governor Gilmer, the successor of Gov.
Schley, made upon - Gov. Kent, the successor of
Gov. Duulap, the demand requested by the Legis-
lature of Georgia, and .accompanied the demand
with a copy of the indictment found, and the pro-
ceedings on which it was founded, duly authenti-
cated. On the 25:h uf June following, Governor
Kent declined to order the arrest and surrender re-
quired by the authorites of Georgia.
On the 19th of August, 1839, Governor Gilmer
addressed a communication to Governor Fairfield,
the successor of Governor Kent, requesting to be
informed of the action of the Legislature of Maire
on the subject of the resolutions of Georgia, and
received for answer the proceedings of the Legis-
lature of Maine, declaring it inexpedient to legis-
late on the subject, as it is exclusively within the
province of the Executive Department. The second
clause of the second section of the fourth article of
the Constitution of the United States prcides,
'That a person charged in any State with treason,
felony, or other crime, who shall flee from justice,
and be found in another State, shall, on the demand/
of the Executive authority of the State from wliich
he fled, be delivered up to be removed to the Siate
having jurisdiction of the crime."
Moreover, the act of Congress of 1793 declares,
"that whenever the Executive authority of any
State in the Union, or either of the Territories,
northwest or south of the river Ohio, shall demand
any person, as a fugitive from justice, of the Exe-
cutive authority of any such State or Territory, to
which such person shall have fled, and shall more-
over produce the copy of an indictment found, or
an affidavit made before a magistrate of any Stat?
or Territory as aforesaid, charging the person so
demanded with having committed treason, felony,
or other crime, certified as authentic by the Go-
vernor, or Chief Magistrate.of the State or Territory
from which the person so charged fled, it shall
be the doty of the Executive authority of
such State or Terr.tory to which snch per-
son shall have fled, to cause him or
her to be arrested and surrendered, and
notice of the arrest to be given to the Execu-
tive authority making the demand, or to the agent
of su;b authority appointed to receive the fugitive,
and to cause the fugitive to be delivered to such
agent when he shall appear. And further, sir. By
the penal code of Georgia, "simple larceny is the
felonious taking and carrying away the personal
goods of another;" and the same code provides,
that "any person or persons who shall feloniously
take and carry away a slave,  ha'l be punished by
imprisonment and hard labor in the penitentiary,
for any time not less than three years, and not
longer than seven years."
Thus, sir, I have given a brief statement of the
principal facts connected with this case, up to the
meeting cf the Legislature of Georgia, which
passed the resolutions now presented to the Senate.
And I must be permitted to say, that I entertain no
doubt of these simple facts being amply sufficient
to jus'ify and vindicate the prudence, the justice,
and patriotism, of every step taken by ihe authori-
ties of Georgia in connection with this matter. If
a more ample vindication of the proceedings of
Georgia be sought for, it may be found in an atten-
tive perusal of the correspondence of the Go-
vernors of the two States on this subject, which I
will herewith present. I feel confident, sir, that no
Senator in this hall could rise from a full investiga-
tion of this subject, without a settled conviction of
the spirit of justice, forbearance, and patriotism, of
the State of Georgia, in connection with this con-
troversy.
I am aware, sir, that the moderation and for-
bearance of Georgia in this case, has been censured
and reproached by some. But, sir, forbearance
and magnanimity become those who are conscious
that they contend for nothiDg but what is strictly
right, and will ultimately submit to nothing which
is materially wrong I believe, Mr. President
there was some diversity of opinion in one branch
of the Legislature which passed these resolutions.
Those who opposed their passage, weie unwilling
to bring the subject before the Congress of the Uni-
ted Slates. They preferred seeking redress by
State legislation, relying at once upon the reserved
rights and sovereignty of the State to protect its c ti-
zens from all such ag*ie:sions as that complained
of in the case now under consideration. And I
consider it my duty, sir, to stat-, upon the present
occasion, that I entertain no doubt of the constitu-
tional right, power, and expediency, of the States of
this Union protecting their own citizens in their pro-
perty of every description; and in every case where
the rights of property are not constitutionally pro-
tected by the Federal Government, then the duty
of affording the proper protection to the citizen,
devolves on the Slates. And, sir, I am not
mistaken when I assure you that this right
of the Stale is fully admitted and rfcog-
nised by that portion of the Legislature
of Georgia, who passel these resolutions, as fully
as fully as by those who wire opposed to their pas-
sage. The patriotic object of the Legislature in
the passage of these resolutions, i.«, if practicable, to
avoid further controversy and conflict with a sister
Siate—to avoid all measures that may be calcu-
lated to weaken the bonds of the Federal Union.
Therefore this subject has been submitted to the
deliberation and wisdom of Corgress. I forbear
the expression of any opinion at this time, as to the
expediency and constitutionality of further legisla-
tion by Congress on this subject. It is a subject
which demands the most grave consideration. It
is a subject involving questions of the greatest im-
portance to the peace and harmony of this Union.
Therefore, if any thing can with propriety be done
by Congress, to aid in the avoidance of such con-
troversies as the one now under consideration,
what may be properly done ought to be done with-
out unnecessary delay.
If this Federal Government has no constitutional
right to interpose effisiently in preventing these con-
flicts between the authorities of the Statest then
the States must of necessity and right ask for them-
selves.
I will again repeat, sir, that I presume that una-
nimity of feeling and opinion pervades the breasts
of all parties and classes in Geoigia, in regard to
the constitutional right of the State, to legislate
efficiently in protecting our slave property from
snch aggressions as the one complained of in the pre-
sent case. It is true, these resolutions, as I am in-
formed, were opposed in their passage by some of
the gentlemen, who call themselves State Rights
men; and be it far from me to deny to them the
right of their selection of a name. But suffer me,
sir, to assure you and the Senate that those who
passed the resolutions on your table, are no less
backward in defending State Right , than those who
are known by that name. Tnere is no parly in
Georgia opposed to Stats Rights. We are all in
favor of a strict construction of the Constitution
of the United Sta'es. This Government is con-
sidered by all to be a Government of enumerated
powers. The principle, that it can exercise only
the powers granted to it by the Constitution, is
now universally admitted by all parties in Georgia.
Though the application of these principles, has pro-
duced, will occasionally produce, conflicting opi-
nions and views, and will probably continue to do so
as long as our system of Government exists 
I take it to be a settled principle in the State of
Georgia, agreed to by all parties, that those sub-
jects of legislation which are not enumeiated in the
surrender to the Gencal Government, remain sub-
ject to State legislation and regulation; and it fol-
lows, of course, that the sovereignty of the States
over all subjects, not having been abridged, im-
paired, or altered by the Constitution of the United
States, is as perfect, full, and complete as if the
Constitution of the United States had never been
adopted. Each State now, as before the adoption
of the Federal Constitution, is a single sovereign
power, a nation over whom no external power can
operate, whose jurisdiction is necessarily exclusive
and absolute within its own boundaries, and sus-
ceptible of no limitation not imposed by itself, by a
