CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
constitutional grant of power to the Federal Uuion.
The original jurisdiction of the S ate adheres 10 its
territory as a portion of its sovereignty not yet
given away, or subject to the grant of power in the
Federal Constitution, and may therefore be num-
bered with the residuary powers which remain in
the State. But, sir, having expressed the opinion
that the S a'e has the constitutional right to
protect the property of her citizens, suffer me
to remark, in support of that opinion,
that the history of the adoption of the articles of
confederation, as well as that of the adoption of
the Constitution of the United Sia'es, affords de-
monstration, that the people of the several States,
however desirous to form a Confederation, Union,
or General Government, were never willing for a
moment, under any circumstances, to confide to a
General Government the eon'rolor man?gement
of their separate and in'ernal policy. The great3-t
fear of granting the power of taxation to the Fede-
ral Government, did not aria  so much from a fear
ot taxa'ion i'self, as that the power might be used
as a pretext for interfering with their internal af-
fairs.
It was indipensable, however, to the efficiency of
any Federal Government, that it should have the
power of regulating foreign'commerce, and bel ween
the State;, by laws of umfoim operation through-
out the United States, yet it was considered at the
time one of the most delicate subjects that could
be touched, on account of the difficulty of imposing
restraints upon the extens:on of such power, to mat-
ters not directly appertaining to commercial regula-
tion. This cautio js spirit may be p'ainiy seen in the
guarded language of the Constitution, in the grant
of the power of taxation, and the regulation oj
commerce, which give them in the most expre.s
terms, yet in such as admit of no ex'ension to oth-
er subjects of legislation which are not included in
the enumeration of powers.   Congress, while li-
mited to the objects of taxation defined in the Con-
stitution, may not expect to come into collision with
State laws; bat the power to regulate commerce is
admitted to be a subject of great difficulty, owing
to the peculiar situation of our country, and form of
our political institutions. In other nations it is only
of two descriptions, foreign and domestic; in a con-
federate Government we necessarily have a third—
that is, commerce between the constituent members
of the confederacy.   And in the United States,
there was a fourth which was carried on with the
numerous Indian tribes who, at the formation of
the Federal Constitution, occupied a vastportien of
the territory.   Each description of commerce re-
cognised in the Constitution of the United States, is,
from its nature, distinct from the other, in the
mede of conducting it, the subjects of operation,
and its regulation.
Let it be kept in mind that the States have never
surrendered their rights to regulate internal com-
merce, within their own baundaries. The grant
given to the Federal Government is confined "to
regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes;" which necessarily restricts the term, com-
merce to thai which concerns more than one; and
the enumeration of the particular cases to which
the power was to be extended, presupposes some-
thing to which it does not extend.
Therefore, the right of the States to pass inspec-
tion, quarantine, and health laws of every descrip-
tion, has never been surrendered to the Federal
Government, nor can the exerc oe of such a right
be questioned upon sound constitutional principles.
No general power over these objects having been
granted to Congress, consequently they remain sub-
ject to State legislation. The quarantine, health,
and inspection laws of the States, have v ry proper-
ly, in most cases, have been wade to operate di-
rectly on the subjects of commeiae—the ship, the
cargo, the crew and passengers, are brought within
the operation of these State laws.
On the very same principle by which a State
may prevent the introduction of infec ed persons,
or goods, and articl-s dangerous to the persons and
property of its citizens, it may exclude paupers,
incendiaries vicious, dishonest, and corrupt persons,
such as may endanger the .morals, health, or pro-
perty of its people.   This whole subject w neces-
sarily connected with the internal police of a State,
no item of which has, to any extent, been delegated
to Congress, and every branch of which has been
excepted to the prohibitions on the States, and is of
oourse included in the reserved rights and powers of
the States. In the remarks which I have sabnvtted,
Mr. President, I should not do justice to myself, or
to Judge Baldwin, of the Supreme bench, were I
not here to acknowledge my indebtedness to that
ablejur.st and sound expositor of cojstitutional
law, (or having published his views upon the Con-
stitution of the United States, from wh'ch work I
have derived much aid in the formation and ex-
pression of the opinions which I have presented to
the Senate on 'his occasion. The judical deci-
sions of Judge Ba'dwin, it is believed, will go to
sustain the doctrines which I have advanced.
It only remains for me to ask that these resolu-
tions, together with the correspondence which I
have refc.ed to, may be referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and be prin'ed.
Mr. WILLIAMS said that he hid not rise to op-
pose any a -''on which might be desired by the
State of Georgia upon these resolutions, either by
Congress or by that State, but to state some facts
as he understood them, in addition to the state-
ment of the Senator from Georgia. As he uuder-
steod the question between Georgia and Mains,
it had no relation to the right of Georgia to make
such laws, and to execute them within her own
limits, as might appear to that State just and pro-
per, but to the que*tion whe her or not the persons
clmged were fugitives from justice. As he under-
stood the facts, the persons sought to be delivered
up to Georgia were the master and mate of a coast-
ing vessel belonging to Maine, who had, in the
usual course of their business, delivered a cargo
at Savannah, and íeceived a return cargo, and, in
the usual course of business, left that port on their
return to Maine; thpt, after being one or two days
on their voyage homeward, a noise was beard in
the forepart of the vessel, and, upon examination,
the slave in question was discovered, and the cap-
tain pursued his voyage homeward, and upon his
arrival at Thomaston, in Maine, where the vessel
belonged, he was met by the owner, or agents of
the owner of the slave, who, without wairant or
other p ocess, took the slave into custody, and re-
turned him to the owner in Georgia.
Under such circumstances the demand upon the
Governor of Maine was made and repeated, for
the delivery of Philbrook and tulleran as fugitives
from justice. The Governor of Maine, not deem-
ing them, under the peculiar circumstances of the
case, to be fugitives from jastice according to the
true construction of the Constitution and laws upon
that subject, had declined to deliver up those per-
sons to be transpor ed to Georgia upon the demand
of the Governor of that State. While the Gover-
nor of Maine had duties to perform to sister States,
he had also duties to perform to the citizens of his
own State; and it should be known that the persons
charged were m«n oí small means, and illy able to
bear the expense and sacrifices incident to their re-
moval to Georgia, and carrying with them, as wit-
nesses, all the crew of the vessel in which the
slave was found, which would be indispensa-
ble to establish their innocence and obtain an
acquittal upon their trial. It was under
such circumstances that the Governor of Maine
had dec'ined *o deliver up the persons demanded
by the Governor of Georgia; and can it be said
that, in so doing, he has disregarded his official
duty? If, however, further legislation upon this
del'cate subject can have a tendency to define
and tender the duties of the Governors of the seve-
ral Slates more clear and certain than they no v
are, he could have no objection to its being
done; and hence he had no objection to the refer-
ence of the resolutions as asked by the Senator
from Georgia.
After some very eloquent and animated remarks
of Mr. CUTHBERT, and Mr. LUMPKIN, in
reply,
The motion of Mr. L. to refer the resolu-
tions to the Committee on the Judiciary, and to
print, was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a memorial from the Legisla-
ture of Mississippi, asking the reduction of the fees of the offi-
ce™ of the United Slate  Court in that Stale to the standard es-
tablished m the State courts; which was referred te the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented a memorial from citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking for the improvement of the navigation of
Alleghany river; which was referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Dauphin county, Pennsyl-
vania, asking an increase of duties on foreign silk, which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Alan, a mem or ¿1 from E. JjKtell, embracing a plan for the
absorption of the banking capital of the country, without injury
to the community; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be nnnted.
Also, a memoria] remonstrating against bloodhounds; which
was laid en the table.
Mr. WHITE presented a memorial fromjeitizens of Wiscon-
sin, asking for the improvement of Fox and Wisconsin rivers,
and to construct a military road from Fort Howard to Fert
Crawford, and to make Green Bay a port of entry; which was
referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. GRDNDY presented a memorial from the members of the
bar of lift Wrs.ern District of Tennessee, asking for the holding
of another term of the United States Court for that district;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judicial y.
Mr. WALL presented a memorial from citizens of New Jer-
sey, in relation to a general bankrupt law; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented a petition from Conrad Wa-
ters, for a pension;]which was referred to the Committee en
Pensions.
Also, a memorial from citizens of Albany, against admitting
Florida into the Union, unless slavery is abolished; the motion
to receive wh'c'i was laid on the table.                                   ■
Mr. NICHOLAS presented the petition of citizens of thu
Parish of R pides, Louis-ana, asking a mail route on the Mis-
sissippi and'Red rivers, as high as Alexandria or Natchito-
ches; which V--X* referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post.IRo.-dg.
Mr. KINO presented the petition of A. C. Hollinger, asking
remuneration for services; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the petition of John Barnard,
administrator on the estate of John Barclay Flemming, late pur-
ser in the navy; which was referred to the Committee on Na-
val Anairs.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented the memorial of citizens of
Washington, remonstrating against the surrender of the United
States stock to tha State of Maryland; which was referred to
the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr. BENTON presented a memorial from citizens of Wash-
ington, asking Congress to take such measures as will compel the
banks of the District to fulfil their obligations to the public; by a
resumption of specie payments; which was laid on the labia
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on>he Judicary, reported
A bill supplemental to an act entitled an act to abolish impri-
sonment for debt in certain cases, p-- sed Feb. 24,1839;
Also, a bill to enable the United States to discharge liens and
incumbrances on any real estate which now is or hereafter
may become the property of the United States;
Also,  bill to regálate the legal proceedings, and to provide
for the mote speedy trial of cases in the Circuit Courts of the
United States for the district of Michigan;
which were severally read, and ordeied to a second reading.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr. Benton, was
taken up andaJopted.
Mr. KNIGHT, after some preparatory remarks, in opposition
to|the propositions of Ph. Calhoun, en the effects of the
protective policy, submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of bringing in a bill declaring
that the act of March, 1833, releasing from duty bleached and
unbleached linens, table linens, linen napkins, and linen cam-
brics, and wejsted stuflVoods. shawls, and other manufactures
of silk, or of which silk is a component part, of chief value,
coming from this side of the Cape of Good Hope, except sew
ing silk, shall not be so construed as to include umbrellas and
parasols.
Mr. CALHOUN replied to the remarks of Mr. Knight, and
the resolution (being one of inquiry merely,) was agreed to.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the following.
Resolved,,Th&t the Secretary of War inform the Senate
what is the present state of the difficulues which have existed,
and the arrangements made, or attempted to be made, between
the Government and the Cherokee people; and that he
communicate to the Sature the papers, documents, and
written communications which have passed between the
War Department and its agent*, and the said Cherokee* and
their chiefs, together with, each additional information as he
may have received since his last seport on the subject.
The bill for the relief of John P. Bispham was considered in
Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed.
The bills ordered to be engrossed yesterday were severally
read a third time, and passed
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of Executive bu-
siness,
And then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, March 11,1E40.
Mr. RUSSELL rose to a correction of the journal. The
proposition he moved on yesterday was, that the gentlemrn
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams) be "required" to vote. Tha
word "compelled," 1 find, is used in the record. He wished to
correct it in this particular.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he understood distinctly that the
word "compelled" was in the resolution, and he asked at the
time by what process the House would compel a member to
vote.   He had no objection, however, to the amendment.
After a few words from Mr. R. the question was taken, and
the journal was amended as indicated above.
The SPEAKER called the committees for reports; when
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina, from the Committee of
Elections, made a report from that committee, embracing all
the testimony before it, with its journal of proceedings, in rela-
tion to the New Jersey disputed election, accompanied by a re-
solution, as follows.                                           ,             „,
Resolved, That the papers enumerated in the '""«J"*"*''
and the journal of the Committee of Elections in u f « w J«;
sey case, comprising lis proceedings up to ÚH.6U  instant, ca
printed for tha on of the House and the •ommiitea.
