262
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. VaNDERPOKI «•M he  oold not have risen 10 par-
ticipate in this discussion, had Hoot, on this and on former occa-
sionsTbeen insinuated here, that there was a disposition on the
pirt of the friends of the Administration to give the bill under
consideration the "goby." The bill had, to be «ure.laid upon
the fípRAiER's table for the last six weeks or more; but this was
the first time it had ever been reached in the ordet of business.
He was glad that he had the opportunry or so telling the
American people, for constant and innumerable were the in-
quiries addressed to him and others who were supposed to be
friendly to the bill, "Why is not the Sub-Treasury bill taken
upl" And now he would avail himself of the opportunity of
saying, that it had not before been taken up and considered, be-
cause it had not before been reached. The New Jersey ques-
tion and other subjects had, according to the order of business
ei prescribed by our rules, had precedence of it. Let not gen-
tlemen of the Opposition "lay the flattering unction to their
souls," that there is a disposition on the part of the friends of
the Administration here to let this bill sleep the sleep of death.
No: averse as he was to remain here during the torrid months
of summer, he would remain till September next, if such a
sacrifice of personal comfort should prove necessary
to procure the passage of this bill. Gentlemen of
the Opposition seemed impatient for the onset. They
seemed to affect or feel a fear that they would not
have the opportunity of fulminating their anathemas against
this bill. He implored them to be a little patient. He assured
them that a chance would yet be afforded them to pour out
against this great measure of reform oceans of those speeches
which they supposed possessed such magical influence. The
Democracy here understood too well, and felt too forcibly its
duty, not to make every possible exertion in favor of this great
principle of divorce between the Government and the banks,
to permit the bill on the table to lie without prompt and deci-
sive action. He regarded it as the great measure of the session,
called for not less by the highest interests of the country, than
by a majority of the American people. He feared not discus-
sion. The measure had never suffered, it never would suffer,
from discussion, as its past history abundantly proved; and he
waa not a little surprised that a conviction of this truth had not
already so strongly seized the mind of gentlemen, as to weaken
their confidence in their ability to make any thing by the fur-
ther discussion of this subject. To the popular mind, it had
grown brighter from discussion. When first proposed, the
people were frightened by the "gorgons and hydras,"
held up to their vision by political orators, as like-
ly to emanate from this measure. The senseless cry
of ene currency for the Government, and another currency
for the people had, at first, had the effect of frightening many
honest men, but had been so often and so triumphantly refuted,
that he could hardly believe that it would now be deemed wor-
thy of repetition here. When honorable gentlemen recollected
that State after State had, under the first impulse ol alarm cre-
ated by this measure, broken away 'rom the Administration; but
that reason and discussion had brought most of them back to
their first love, they could hardly imagine that, after the cheer-
ing expression of that 'sober second thought," wlich had given
us a majority on this floor contrary to the general expectation
entertained a year ago, we would shrink from the further sup-
port and prosecution of this great and salutary measure. The
people, at least that portion of the people that elected that ma-
j why, anxiously awaited the passage of this bill, and that majo-
rity would be recreant to its duty, if it did net struggle long and
late, if need be, to secure its passage.
He would add another word or two upon the proposi-
tions to commit the bill. One was to commit it to the
Committe of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
the other to commit it to the Committee of Ways and Means.
All admitted its great importance; it contained many sec-
tions invofvlngj new andj highly important provisions, and he
had heard no good reason urged against referring it to one of
the standing committees of tiie House. Every bill from the
Senate, however uninimportant its provisions, was usually
* referred to one ol the standing committees, and why should
there be a departure from our practice in reference, to this
great measure. Standing icommittees were created, because,
from tiie limited number that composed them, were more com-
petent to deliberate with care, to detect faults, and propose the
necessary amendments, than was a body of men large as that
here assembled. The very speech of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Evksbtt]showed the necessity of referring it to
one of the standing committees of the House. He sees a huge
Government bank lurking in some of its provisions. It was
then peculiarly proper that one of the standing committees of
the House should look into it, and see whether it in truth con-
tained such a formidable monster. There was nothing, he ad-
mitted, in the roles of the House which ex vi termini brought
it within the jurisdiction of the Committee of Ways and
Means; but relating as it did to finance, it was, in
reference to jt, the most appropriate of all the standing
committees, fíe (Mr. V.) was an humble member of that
committee, and he wouldasaure gentlemen, that so far as he was
concerned, there would, if referred to the Committee of Ways
and Mean', be no unnecessary delay. His motto in regard to it,
here and elsewhere, would be "action, prompt, and efficient
Acnox.".
Mr. WISE would ask his colleague if any bill on the subject
of the Sub-Treasury had been reported by the Committee of
Ways and Means.
Mr. JONES of Virginia «aid he would answer his colleague,
that no bill bad been reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means on this subject, for the reason that they had had this bill
on the table for five or six weeks; and that he had been anxious
every day since it  reception to get it up, but had not, until now,
had an opportunity of doing so.   He would ask permission of
ine House to say, in addition, that he would use his most ear-
nest endeavors to obtain a speedy action on it in the Committee
of the Whole, and to get it as speedily as possible before the
House.   He had hoped to receive the co-operation of gentle-
men who were politically opposed to him, in the immediate re-
ference of the bill, as by this means the action of the House on
it would be hastened; and he very much regretted the motions
which had been made, and which were likely to create a fur-
ther delay.            '
Mr. W7SE further inquired of the chairman [Mr. Jonas]
whether the Committee of Way's and Means had any measure
of its own under consideration in favor of the Sub-Treasury
bill.
Mr. JONES replied in the negative, for the reason that the'
•object had not been brought to their attention.   It would be   I
recollected that more than a month had expired before the  I
BouaawMorisjMxed, jjdüw wroinijtee appointed,  Tbeap. J
propriation bills, and other important matters, had occupied the
timeofthe committee, since its appointment, until within a
short time past; and there being a great amount of other im-
portant businesa before them, and having this bill on the
Speakers table, it was supposed by him that there would
have been but little delay in geUng it before the House, that
they could, Jn the meantime, attend to that business. They
have not, until now, had an opportunity to lake |this bill up
for reference.
Mr. WISE said, with the country in an unexampled state of
depression, there ought to have been no reason for the delay of
the committee to consider and reporta measure of relief. The
committee hadnjt eveu c nsidered this great panecea for all
the evils which now effect the people He conte ased that they
should have had the subject under consideration without refer-
ence to the bill on the Speaker's table. This bill, which had
slipped through the Senate, might have been concocted in
the Executive chamber; and they should not have waited for
it. He felt great anxiety to expedite the bill, and give the re-
lief which the friends of the bill contend it will afford. The
people in agony call for relief, and be trusted something would
be done to grant it. He would not at that time agree to discuss
the bill wirt any one, but when the proper time came he would
be disposed to do so. The House was now just organized, and
the Administration party have acquired their full majority, and
lie and the country would hold them responsible for the passage
of the Sub-Treasury, or some measure of relief He would
say to his constituents and to the country, and now pledge hirr-
self that if the gentleman ftom New \ oik [Mr. VandbrfoblI
would vote for the Sub-Treasury bill—the specie Sub-Treasury
bill promised a duped people—he would vote fer it. He would
rather lose his right arm than inflict his constituents with the
paasage of this measure. He would not have dared to make
the pledge if he thought the gentleman and his party would
meet him; but he had no fears that he would ever be called on to
vote for such a bill. He threw out the challenge because he
believed the Administration had no desire to pass a specie Sub-
Treasury bill, such as had been promised. He suggested to the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Everett,] the propriety of so
modifying his instructions as not to make it imperative.
Mr. EVERETT then modified his amendment so as to autho-
rize the committee to inquire into the expediency of engrafting
it on the bill.
Mr. CKABB looked upon it as a perfect mockery to send this
bill to the Committee of Ways and Means, as there waa not a
member on this floor who had not come here with a perfect
knowledge of tne subject, and with his mind fully made up on
it. His right to sit and speak here was more dependent on his
decided and untquivocal opposition to this favorite measure of
the Administration than to any merits of his own. He was as
ready now as he ever could be to speak his opposition to this
bill, and every other billof a similar character, and he presumed
every gentleman was ready to do the same./Why refer it to
the Committee of \\ ays and Means? Was the object delay!
Gentlemen pretended that the Opposition in this House had
thrown obstructions in the way ofthis bill, as they have been ac-
cused of doing with regard to every other. But gentlemen must
recollect that we have an excuse. He had said some time ago that
it was thought necessary by the Administration party that these
five New Jersey membe-" should be voted in befóte the pas-
sage of this bill. Yeste-r>iy the deed was done, and to-day
this great measure, in which the Administration have pledged
themselves, and with which its most distinguished members
say that they are willing to sink or swim, should be taken up
and discussed on its merits. I, for one, said Mr. C. say, if you
pass it, pass it to-day. I wish to see i  effects. It affected
entire interests of the country, for there was not an interest
that would not be deeply injured by it. Let H go, then, to the
Committee of the Whole, in which all the various important
interests of the country are represented, andean speak of the
injuries it will inflict on them. J The Committee of the Whole
was the most appropriate for it Let it be discussed there.
Let the bill pass, and let the House adjourn, !or, from pre-
sent prospects, he foresaw that Congress could do nothing this
session. Every question was made a party one; every ques-
tion had reference to who should occupy the White House.
He desired, for one, to go home. Let gentlemen unite with
him in taking up this great measure, and they could soon do so.
Mr. PETRIKIN said he did not rise to make a speech, but to
make a motion to save the time of the House and the country.
Before making that motion, he would assign some reasons for
the causes of the delay complained of by the gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. Crabb] before him, and the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Wise.] Mr. Speaker, we have been compelled to
sit here, day after day and week after week, to hear gentlemen
of the Opposition delivering speeches, not relevant to the merits
of the questions before the House for consideration, but endea-
voringto make Harrison capital for the next Presidential elec-
tion, and endeavoring to make the people believe Gen. Harri-
son was that which he was not, nor never could be made—a
hero, a statesman, and a philosopher. You have also, Mr.
Speaker, heard the gentleman and his Whig friends on this
floor, day after day, complaining of the Democratic party cut-
ting off debate by the previous question, or, to use their own
term, applying "the gag law," to prevent discussion and the
freedom of debate. Why, sir, it was but a day or two since
that I was personified as being obnoxious *o the charge of mov-
ing this—to our loquacious Whigs—terrible gag law, or pre-
vious question. It leilly does not appear veiy consistent in
those gentlemen whose daily avocation it has been to "stave
off" the business of the country and prevent its being reached
and considered, to get up now and complain of this or any
other bill not being reached. I shall now (Mr. P. observed)
conclude—and I have no doubt, in doing so, I thall disappoint
some dozen of Whig orators—by moving the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question received a second, and the main ques-
tion was ordered to be taken.
/ And the main question, being first on commitment to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, was then
taken by yeas and nays, and decided as follows: yeas 77, nays
115.
So the motion was rejected.
And the question recurring on the motion to commit to the
Committee of Ways and Means, it was decided in the affirma-
tive, without a division.
So the bill was committed to the Committee of Ways and
Means, f -
And the question then recurring on the instructions of Mr,
Etzrett,
Mr. PETRIKIN asked for the yeas and nays; which were
ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 81, nayslOC.
So the House refused to adopt the instructions.
On motion of BIr. WISE, and by general consent, the bill was
ordered to be printed.
A number of other bills on the Speakers table were put on
thefirst and second reading, and were appropriately rolerred.
The bill providing for the removal of the location of the land
office in the State of Mississippi; and
The bill allowing further time to the Trustees of Centre Col-
lege, at Danville, in Kentucky, to dispose of lands heretofore
granted to the Deaf and Dumb Society;
were severally read a third time, and passed.
The bill heretofore introduced on leave, by Mr. Bell, to se-
cure the fredom of elections, and to prevent the interference of
Executive officers therin, coming up in its order, and the ques-
tion being "Shall the bill be rejected!"
Mr. BELL said he did not wish to detain the House at thh
time with any remarks; but he would say that he coneideted
this bill of the utmost importance; of greater importance, in his
judgment, (though, pet haps, he might view it with a partiality
which other gentlemen did not feel,) than even the fc-ub Trea-
sury bill. And as an opportunity had thus been afforded to him
of making íemarks wnich, under other circumstances, the
scarcely could have hoped to have had the privilege of makine,
andas he had wished that the bill might be discussed on both
sides of the House, he hoped it would be the pleasure of the
House that it should lie over until such time as the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Jones] had had time to pass his Treasury
note bill.
Some conversation as to the order of business here took piare
between the SPEAKER and Mr. BELL, and the SPEAKER
having decided that i his bill would take precedence ol all bu-
siness of ¡tsclass on the Spbaker's tabic,
Mr. BELL said he would not then addiessthe House, but con-
sent to an adjournment; whereupon,
On motion of Mr. MASON,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday. March 12, 1840.
The CHAIR submitted a message frem the President of the
United States in answer to a resolution of the Senate of the 4th
ofFebruary, transir itting copies of correspondence between the
Department of War and Governor Call concerning the war in
Florida; which was laid on the table, and ordered to lie printed.
Mr. ANDERSON presented a memorial of Clements, Bryan
and Comparfyj contractors with the Government for the supply
of Ihe emigrating Cherokees, praying the passage of an act nn-
thuriizng the Secretary of War to adjust and bettle their claims
upon just and equitable principles. Mr. A explained at some
length the merits of the claim, and it was referred to the Com-
mittee r-n Claims.
Mr. TaPPAN presented a memorial of citizens of Water-
ville, Lucas county, Ohio, praying for a reduction of postage;
which was referred to the Committee on the Poet Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of James W. Hale and
Joseph Francia, prayinetheaid of Government to enable them
to erect a peimanent life-boat station onRockaway beach, for
the relief of distressed vessels; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. ALLEN presented a memorial of citizens of Washing-
ton, praying that Congress may take such measures as will
compel the banks chartered by them to fulfil their obligations to
the public, by a resumption of specie payments.
Mr. A. said he was mil personally acquainted with the citizens
whose names were affixed to this memorial, but he was in-
formed they were respectable men, and embraced members of
both political parties. He asked that the memorial might be
read, and ordered to be printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. STURGEON presented a memorial of citizens of Penn-
sylvania, praying for the improvement of the Alleghany river
from Pittsburgh to Hamilton, in the State of New Yoik; which
was referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals.
Mr DAVIS presented a memorial of citizens of New York,
praying that certain duties paid on eilk twist may be refunded;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. D. also presented a memorial of citizens of Wisconsin,
praying for the construction of certain military roads, for the
improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin rivers, and for esta-
blishing a port of entry at Green Bay; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. D. also presented a memorial of C. B. Dickman; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
I Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on Indian Affairs, to
which was referred the petition of John Scott, reported a bill for
the relief of his legal representatives; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.             '
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
which was referred the bill to regulate the pay and emoluments
of pursers in the navy, reported the same with an amend-
ment, and a report; which wes ordered to be printed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, made an adverse re-
pon on the claim of Thomas B. Parsons; which was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, asked tobe discharg-
ed from the further consideration of the claim of Joseph Whip-
ple; which was agreed to.
Mr. FULTON, agreeably to notice, asked and obtained leave
to bring in a bill in relation to donations of land to certain per-
sons in the Siate of Arkansas; whic1! was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
The motion submitted yesterday by Mr. Southard was con-
sidered and agreed to.
On motion"by Mr. TAPPa/í, the bill regulating hank issues
in the District of Columbia Was taken up for the purpose of of-
fering some amendments, aid the bill, as amended, was ordered
to be printed, and made thjrorder of the day for to-morrow.
MILITARY ANI/NAVAL PREPARATIONS.
Thetellowing resolution was taken up for consideration:
Resolped, That (he president of the United States be request-
ed to cotomunicate to/tie Senate, if, in his judgment, compati-
ble withlhe public ¡merest, all the information which may be
in the possession ofAe Government, or which can be convenij
ently obtlined, of Jfie military and naval preparations of the
British aiAhoritiesfin the Northern frontier of the United States,
from Lake* £upe«or ta the Atlantic ocean; distinguishing the
permanentvron/the temporary and field works, and particular?
ly noting thdsjjrwhich are within the claimed limits of the United
State*,
