i6é
I have adverted, and which I will not take up the
time of the committee by reading, it will be seen
what his views were. He looked, in the firs' place,
to a general reduction of the aggregate of new ap-
propriations; he next points to the twenty eight
millions now on deposite with the States; and,
thirdly, he says there are two remaining modes—
one to borrow money, and the other to issue (on in-
terest, if necessary,) Treasury drafis or notes.
The Committee of Ways ; nd Means, after the
most mature deliberation which they were enabled
to bestow, have repor'.ed, as the result of their de-
liberations, the bill now under ctniideration. I
know much difference of opinion exists on the sub-
ject; I know it has been so on all previous occa-
sions when similar measures have been introduced.
The friend* of the measure, regarding the defi-
ciency in the Treasury as merely temporary, pro-
pose to anticipate for a short time the revenue
of the Government, which cannot be received in
time to meet its liabilities as they may arise. Those
gentlemen who stand opposed to us, regar ling the
deficiency not as temporary, but permanent, will,
in all probability, propose on this occasion what
had been before proposed in sim lar ca«e -, to make
permanent provision for it by contracting a loan,
and thus, in all likelihood, incurring a permanent
national debt. I have net been educated in that
school of politicians who regard a national debt as
a national blessing. No, sir. I regard a national
debt as a national curse, never to be saddled upon
the country, except under circumstances of the
most overruling necessity. Then, and not till then,
shall I ever consent to incur a permanent national
debt. Whether the deficiency be temporary or per-
manent, must be judged of by ihe best information
within our reach, and the best lights that are af-
forded to us. I have looked, in the formation of
n y own opinon, to the Secretary of the Treasury,
whose position enables him to possess more correct
information than almost any other man. The
whole subject is before him. Every avenue of in-
formation is acceisible to him. 1 have already
shown the opinion he entertained three monihs ago,
which op'nion he entertains now. He informed us
on the 15th of February, in the communication to
which I have referred, that his opinions remained
unchanged, except so far as the revenue may be af-
fected by the decisions of the courts of justice upon
the tariff laws, and so far as they may possibly
be affee'ed by the universal embarrassment which
seems to have spread over the whole counlry.
We have, then, his opinion at the commence-
ment of the session; and, wiih a full knowledge of
passing events from that day to this, when he last
alludes to the subject, he tells us his opinions ate
unchanged. But suppose he is wrorg. Suppose
he has over-estimated the revenue for 1840. 1 fear
we have a long session before us; and thus, if the
Secretary shall prove to be mistaken, abundant op-
portunities will te affordtd (after we have seen
what may be the action of the House on various
other matters of public interest, and what may be
the probable amount to be received from customs)
to make the p<ovisi >n that may ssem most desira-
ble. In the mean time, I am bound to come to the
conclusion that the deficiency is temporary and not
permanent. And in this view of the question, we
are called upon to determine whether it would be
be<t to issue Treasury notes or to go into market
lor a loan, and incur a public debt: the one mode
will afford prompt and speedy relief, the other may
no!—one is certain, the oih r not—the one is with-
in our own grasp, the other sends us out upon a
hunt.
But suppose a loan shall be resorted to; if I am
right in the views I have expressed, and the  Secre-
tary of the Treasury   right in h's, it   follows  as
clerly as the light of d.ty, that the means of the Go-
vernment will be sufficient to discharge the amount
borrowed in a single year: why, then, borrow for
a term of years? for that you must do; you cannot
get your loan taken up unless it is to continue for
two or three yea r¿.    Why should we incur a na-
tional   debt  which must  hang on our necks for
years, when we want the money only for nine
months?   Gentlemen do not so act in their private
concerns;  when they want the use of a sum of
money for nine months, the/ do not borrow it for
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bill, and th« relief will be immediate and effectual;
reject it, and the consequences will be such as all
will deplore.
In ths remarks which I have had thn honor to
submit, I have endeavored to present the subject in
a financial p.iint of view alone, apart from tho-e
exciting political topics, the bare mention ot which
seldom fails to produce agitating and protracted
discussions in this House. I have deemed it pro-
per to pursue this course for the reason that the dis-
cus-ion of subjects not directly connected with the
pending proposition, are not likely to aid us in our
deliberations; and for the additional reason that I
do not de.-ire, by any act of mine, unnecessarily *o
delay the decision of a question upon which the in-
terest?, the honor, and the integrity of the Govern-
ment require prompt and speedy action.
Mr. CUSHING obtained the floor, and replied
at great length to the remarks of tha chairman
[Mr- Jones ] H« was not disposed to withhold
from the Government the means proper and necer-
sary to carry on its operations, but he would hold
the Administration responsible for ihe disbursement
of such means as were placed at its disposal for
j that purpise; yet whilst he did not wish to throw
| any impedimeats in the way of the successful ope-
1 rations of Government, though it was in the hands
' of ihe present party, he expressed a wish that after
the 4th of March next the Government would be
in ihe po-session of different adminUtrators, and
congratulated himself that he saw in the future that
a brighter Aurora was about to dawn upon this
counlry: He said it had been intimated in the
public papers that the Opposition wished to avoid
action on the bill before the Hous?. He denied
that such was the fact. It was true that he had,
as did the patty with which he acted, vo'ed
against the suspension of the rules for the pur-
pose of considering the bill out of i's order; be-
cause they believed action upon it would have
been íai i itated by pursuing the regular course of
bnsinfss, and by taking it up in proper order for
consideration. He examined the annual meisage
of the President of the United Slates, and report of
the Secretary of the Tieasury, touching the condi-
tion of" the finances, and commented at length
thereon, for the purpose of showing that the con-
tingencies had not arrived, which it was alleged in
these*documents might arrive, to render it nec?¿-
sary to resort to loans to meet the demands upon
the Treasury. There was nothing in tho e docu-
ments which contemplated the is-ue of Treasury
notes, as a mode to raise funds to replenish th*
Treasury, in case the anticipated resources of the
year should not be realized, or be adequate to Ihe
wants of the Government. He inferred that an
issue of Treasury notes was not then contemplated.
The President, in his message, had said that if
Congress did not exceed the tstimate, thee wou'd
be no necessity for increased taxes or a resort to
loans. Pur one, he de.iied that the appropria-
tions should be kept within the estimat-s, and that
no pretext, on that ground, should be afforded for
causng a loan. So far as this session has trans-
pired, the appropriation did not exceed the esti-
mates; from that he argued that the cause ftr the
issue exis'ed elsewhere. Mr. C. then went into a
constitutional argument to show the impropriety
of the issue of Treasury notes. He inferred, from
the fact that a proposition to give the power to the
Government to issue bills of ci el it was voted down
in the convention for the formation of the Consti-
tution, as will te seen by the debate r cintly pub-
lished, that the issue of those notes was unconsti-
tutional. Ha d:d not deny that, in a certain con-
tingency, the Government might issue; that it
might do so, not in the form of credit paper, but in
the form of a draft upon specie, or other means in
its po.session at the time they are emitted. He
then adverted to that part of the argument of tr.e
chairman of the Commitlee of Ways and Means
against re-orting to a permanent loan, and endeavor-
ed to show that the uttering of these notes was as
much a loan or a national debt as if the Govern-
ment were to borrow the money at a specified rate
of interest. He cited the opinions of Jefferson,
Hamilton, Crawford, and Benton, against a resort
to Treasury notes for the purpose of raising mo-
ney-   they   considered  it very  dangeron?, and
four or five years.    The lessons derived from the
every-day business   of   individual   life   furnish,
generally, the best mies ana principles for conduct-
ing affairs of a public nature.   And how are you
to get the amount?    Does any gent'eman  believe
that the capitaliits will withdraw their funds out of
the stocks, and from under mortgage security,  to
take up a Government loan for one year?   It were
idle to expect it.   But if it could be done, the re-
port of the Secretary tells you that the Govertiment
will need immediate   relief  within a few weeks
from the date  of that report; which few weeks
1   have nearly   expired;   and   then   the   deposable
funds of the Treasury will be below what they
have been for a great   while.   Where do gen-
tlemen expect to get  this loan?   In New York?
i   In Boston?   In Philadelphia?   In any other of our
j   great   commercial   enies,   where every nerve is
I   strained to sustain the banks which pay specie, and,
1   I presume, to enable those banks which do  not,
!   shorily to resume; where the community is pressed
down by a heavy foreign debt, and the banks have
1   turned and turned the screw as long as the people
¡   can bear it?   It seems to me it will scarcely be pos-
sible.   And if you fail in our own counlry, then
¡   you must despatch a messenger to England, Holland,
or some other of the European countries.   Do gen-
:   tlemen reflect how long this will take?   You have,
remember, no great steamship to command; it will
require at least two monihs to negotiate the loan
and to return.   And what is to become of the Go-
vernment in the mean whilt?   It will be unable to
pay the army, or the navy, or the brave men who
are now fighting your battles; nor will it be able to
pay a dollar towards the ordinary current expenses
of ihe Department.   And, when  we shall have
done thiy, and thus succeeded in humbling and
disgracing  the Government of our own   choice,
what shall  we have accomplished?    What shall
we have sained?   The comfott of knowing that we
have established a permanent national debt.
Bat we want five millions of dollars; and we
want it in spee'e or in convertible paper. Wh re
are we to get it ? From the banks ? Why, they
cannot redeem thrir own notes. But, allowing
we may get it from the banks, what (hall we next
hear? "Is a Government tint has heen for years
waging war against the banks, (for th.U is the
charee,) which is utterly hostile to all bankin  in-
s'itutiots, to be indulged by these very institutions
with a loan of five millions of dollars?'' Why,
sir, it is alleged that, if you collect five millions of
your revenue in a whole year from banks, in gold
and silver, to enable the Government to hold its
own funds safely for disbursement, you are "war-
ring against the banks." With how much more
plausibility will they sp?ak, shoull the Govern-
ment draw from the banks five millions of their
specie? I should expect to hear the charge rung
on every change from one extremity cf the Usion
to thi other.
But adopt this bill, and it relieves the banks—
it furnishes the very thing which is needed as a sub-
stitute for specie. These notes will scon find their
way to our Atlantic cities, and get in'o the custom-
houses; they will find their way, too, to the Far
West, and go into ihe land offices in payment for
the pub ic lands; and, so far from operating as an
injury to the banks, the effect will be to sustain
and relieve them.
Asain: Adopt this measure, and the Government
retains ti e subject its own power. If you re-
sort to a L>an, the Government has then to ge to
the cap¡t\lists of the land; if not, to the shavers
of ihe land; and every bod/ knows how t!-e Go-
vernment fares in such a case. The money holder
lays down his conditions, and the Government
must come up to them or go without is loan. But,
if you issue Government bonds, in the shape of
Treasury notes of $100 each, you, Mr Chairman,
will have no objection to lake them in part of your
per diem pay, nor should I; and it will be just so
with all the people; they will gladly receive them,
without imposing upon you conditions. But in
the other cjse, you are left at Ihe mere mercy of
money dealers.
In every view of the case, I have a decided pre-
ference for Treasury notes over a loan, both upon
the score of economy and convenience.   Pass this
