<¿68
CONGRESSIONAL GÍ.OBÉ.
ílr. PK 1'RIKIN thought the time that had elapsed, a very
suspicious circumstance.
Mr. HAND replied briefly. A6 to the agency, he trusted
that if Government had had the benefit, and equity was on the
eide of the claim, no technical objection ol want of power to
bind üi« principal would be interposed. As to amount, the
proof was very clear, even in a court of law, loss ol vouchers
would admit secondaiy evidente. Wnh regard to time, ihe
papers showed much embarrassment and contusion ol affairs,
subsequently encountered by petitioners. But aeain, if the
claim was fully made out, he could not consent to argue the
question of the statute of limitations in sucha case belorean
American Congress.
t The question was then taken, but the amendment lost.
Tne bill or the relief of Thomas Fillebrown, came up in its
Older, when
Mr. LEADBETTER moved to strike out the enacting clau«e,
and spoke in opposition to the bill; and was followed by Messrs.
DAWSON and PETR1KIN, also in opposition to it, on the
ground that the claim wasnot founded injustice, that the indi
vidual was receiving a salary of 41200 per year as clem under
the Government at the time he disbursed ihe money en which
the claim is based. They thought the Government entitled to
the whole services of the clerk, without extra compensation
Messrs. EVANS, RUSSELL, POPE, and MONROE fol-
lowed in supp it of the claim, contending that, inasmuch as
the clerk received his salaiy for working certain hours, fixed by
regulation and for doing a specific duty, that he should be paid
for extra duties requned of him under a different branch of
service. They contended lhat it was a just one, and had been
admitted by ajuiy of the country, and that it would be bad
policy to refuse to srantaclaim under such circnmatinces.
Mr. LEADBETTER, at the requestor Mr RUSSELL, with-
drew his motion to strike out the enacting clause; and the bill
was laid aside, tobe reported to the House
The committee here finding itself without a quorum, on mo-
tion of
Mr ANDREWS of Kentucky, rose and reported that fact to
the House; when
Mr. ANDREWS moved that when the House adjourn, it ad
journ to meet on Monday nexi, and on the demand of
Mr. R GARLAND, the ve is and nays hav.ng been ordered
on the said motion, Mr. ANDREWS withdrew it.
On motion, the House then adjourned nil to-morrow.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, March 14, 1840.
The SPEAKER announced that the fl st busi-
ness in order was the re?o'utton reported from the
Committee of Elections by Mr. Campbell, to print
all the testimony in relation to the New Jeisey con-
test, and the am niment thereto offer d by the
gentleman from Lonsiana, [Mr. Garland,] to
print testimony received since the rrpoit was
made.
Mr. JENIFER, being entitled to the nVor, re-
sumed his remarks. He said he would endeavor
to expose the rank injustice done ihe minority of
the committee, and that he was tí o a My (ortifieá in
the grounds wh ch he had taken in tela ion to the
two reports. Mr J thei read the re oluti >n in-
structing the committee as to the manner m wh ch
they «e.e di ected to make their report, for the
purpose of proving their inconsis'fncy in regard to
its provisions He fad it appeared, when gr mie-
nten came to the test in regard to the printing of
the report, some of the members of the committee
were in favor of printing all ihe testimony wh.ch
won Id elucídale the report; but the majority of the
committee, and the gentleman from Virginia, were
unwilling to come before the House,that the House
m ght judge how far the journal of the committee
should be printed.
Mr. J. adverted to the report of the minori'y of
the committee, and said ih- previous question was
taken before gentleman had an opportunity of as-
certaining whether it was c«rrect or not—a proce-
dure unprecedented in ihe anna's of legs'aton;
and if a  imilar course of procer ding should take
place in the British Parliament, it would brng
down dismay and (¡enunciation. A spirit is abroad
in the land, (vaid Mr. J.) and will te feu in the Old
Dominion on the second Monday in April; and
ibat the gentlemanU [Mr. Rive>V] friends might
succeed ihere, it w.ts important that the report of
the minority should beiuppressed. Mr. J. spoke
at some length in relation to the subject be/ore
the House; and
The SPEAKER having announced that the
morning hour had expired,
Mr. RUSSELL called for ihe orders of the d?y.
Mr. RIVES hrped the House would, by uni-
versal cons'nt, permit the gentleman from Mary-
land [Mr. Jenifer] tofinis-h his lemarks, to enable
the House to order the pr.nttng of this testim ny
immediately.
Mr. RUSSELL objee'ed, and called for the or-
ders of the d*y.
Mr. RIVES moved to suspend the rules for the
nrpott, and on (hat motion t emanded the yeas
and nays, which were ordered, and were, yeas 89,
nays 75.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. RIVES said he rose for ihe purpose of ask-
irg the favor of the House that he might make a
statement, in relation to what had occurred ihis
morning in particular. He believed the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Jenifer] in the course of his
remarks, did him injustice; and he had not been
afforded an opportunity to a--cetta n whether it was
intentionally done or not. It was with lhat view
that he had moved a suspensu n of the rules, in
order that he might, at the earliest opportunity that
he could, call on that gentleman for an explanation.
He wished, as a personal favor, that he now might
make a s'a'emer.t to the Honse.
Mr. ALFORD siid, as the House has refused to
suspend the rules, I object. I obj-ct to all person-
al matters which may be attempted to be introduced
into this House.
Mr. RIVES replied.   Let me tell the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr. Alford,] that his refus.ng to
suffer me to proceed, at this time, may produce the
very state of things that he, I am inclined to be-
lieve, wtslW to avoid.
Mr. ALFORD persisted in his objection.
Mr. R. said, then I appeal respectlully to my po-
litical friends of this House never to proceed to oth-
er business until I have time lo do myelf justice.
[Much con'usion here prevailed in the hall J
Mr. JENIFER appealed to his pdiiical luends
to permit the gentleman ftom Vug nts to make his
statement.
Mr. STANLY called him to order.
Mr. RIVES said: Mr Speaker, have I no friend
in this House that will move a suspension of the
mies, in order that 1 may be heard?
Mr. BEATTY replied. I move a suspension
of the ru'ev for that purpose; and on which
Mr. WELLER demanded the yeas and nays,
(to see who it was that was unwillins to enable
the gentleman from Vireima to have justice done
him ) which were ordered.
Several gentlemen appealed to Mr. Alford to
withdraw his objection.
Mr. AVISE sa d: It* the gentleman from Geor-
g'a withdraws hi* objection, I slia'l renew it.
Mr. ALFORD raised a question of otder
whether it was competent to move a suspension
of ths ru'es twics for the same purpose, no action
havin  taken place by the Honse, intervening the
motions.
The SPEAKER said the other motion was to
suspend the ru'es for the purpose of considering
ti e subject of the New Jersey question genetal'y,
and the motion now was to permit the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Rives] to make a sia'ement
in re'ation to a particular matter, and it was there-
fore in trder.
The question was then taken and the rules were
suspended—yeas 132, nays 37.
Mr. RIVES. Mr. Speaker, before I proceed to
the consideration of any thing that has Lcn said
by the gentleman from Maryland, I beg leave to
ghe my thanks to the House for the privilege it
has afforded m-. And, funher, I have a re-
quest to make of the Repor ers who are present.
I have a'i-o the saa.e request to make of ihe let er-
wnters. Sir, we have witnesses in this Hou^e,
and what a gentleman may say is wr.tten don n by
them, and if privately done, it is impelióle for
them to keep themselves erfct befoie their consti-
tuents. Hence I have made this appeal lo ti e re-
pir'ers ar d le ter-wr ter*. I know that there are
( am an reporters, who occasionally give a party
coloring in their reports in favor of the side they
rdvocaie; but when any th ng pergonal occurs, it
is their duty as honorable men to give a fair and
impart al statement of it. In ih'S in-tanc , I con-
fidently believe that they will do me justice.
I was apprehensive when the gentleman from
Maryland [Mr. Jenifer] first took the floor,
knowing lhat he v as a gentleman of much im-
petuosity of temper, and fearing tbat he might,
under h's ihtn stale of feehne, do me injustice
—so soon as he opened the s.ibject wheh was
calculated to make a breach between us, I told him
in the most respectful mant.er what was the posi-
tion I occupied, and what my object was,   Person 
al difficulties I always like to avoid, and, to prevent
them, it was frequent for gentlemen to throw
themselves between another's speaking and what
he was likely to sav. Without entertaining any
idea of what the gentleman m ght siy, and, in
order to justify myself to the world, should any
thin? unpleasant occur, I was disposed to prevent
the injury from being done, and therefore interrupt-
ed him in the course of his remarks by a brief ex-
planaton. On yesterday, I was inclned to think
that the gentleman did not put the subject in a
situation rendering it necessary for me to notice
any thinghe satd; but I have since understood that
he has made a remark, which, if I am not mis-
taken, may render it necessary for me to bring it to
the notice of this House. Thii I shall do in the con-
clusion of my remarks.
Mr. Speaker: through life it has ever been my
dispositu n to produce harmony among those with
whom I may have occasion to act, either in private
or in public life. It has been my disposition to
throw, whenever I could, oil on the tempestuous
waves. It has always been my wish, ins'ead of
producing dissension1, to heal them. Instead of en-
deavoring to produce argry coin-ions—instead of
trying to get one man airayed agains-t another,—
it has always been my dtspos tion to interpose and
effect a reconciliation. But, sir, whilst I have done
this—whilst I have on all occasions tried to avoid
peisonal d fficulties—and whilst I have never set
myself up as p< s--e«sii,g any extraordinary dearee of
bravi ry—whilst I have al wat s been dispot-ed to have
tilings done quiet y and peaceably—whilst I may
have shuddeied at times at the peal to which
I might be exposed, and felt probably that I did
not possess per-ional courage, yet I have something
the far more va'uable. I have prde, sir, and
that alone might cause me to do what my reason
m'ght disapprove.1 Sir, much as I love this world;
much as I am attached to friends and family; yr^,
Mr. Speaker, however, stronz may be the ties
that b nd me lo those I lote, I prize honor infi-
fiaitely above life Sir, this thing, if suffered to go
on in the way it his been going on this mornin"",
might produce the very state of things I might
be inclined to deprecate. Hence it was that I was
anxious to take tlfe floor, with a view of ascertain-
ing from the gentleman from Maryland, whether
it was really his intention ti uiflct on me
a pergonal injury. It has ever been my cus-
tom, if I think an inju-y was m'ended me,
to take it at the first hop. Things can be better
settled that way, than if le't to the interposition
of friends. I shall proceed on the belief lhat the
gent'emaii from Maryland, if convinced that he
has done me injury, will, as an honorable man, re-
pair that mjmy. Hence I am dif-posed to be pru-
dent, and whilst addressing the gentleman, request
h m to be'ieve that I mean nothing in intimidation
in what I am <aying. My purpose is to have my-
self rghte J—not to intimidate another. I know
the genteman too well to believe that he could be
induced, under a threat or a menace, to repair an
injury, which, on refaction, he might be convinced
he has done m . I know bin too well to believe
that. I do not address htm, then, with this view.
The gentleman fiom Maryland has onJertaken to
say that certain members of this commi tee bad
been assailed by certam other members of the com-
mittee, when they would not assail certain other
members. What is the inference? That the gen-
tleman I'omNe  York [Mr. Fillmore] and the
gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Smith] werele-
lieved to be men who would not resent an
injury d< ne them. Toat was the infer-
ence to which the, gentleman came, be-
cause he says ths gentleman frtm Virgin a [Mr.
Botts,] and the genileman from Alabama, [Mr.
Crabb ] who would probably defend themselves,
had not been assailed; and that those who assai e J
ihe gen-lenun from New York and Connecticut,
were atratd to assail the gentlemen from Virginia
and Alabama. That was the inferenc-. Now,
so far as regards myse'f, I have not as>ailed any
one. Henc? it was that the gentleman from Ma-
ryland throws himself in, not as a volunteer in tbe
matter, as he says, but fo it is, he comes out in de-
fence of the gentleman from New York and 'he
gentleman froto. Connecticut,   Now, sir, in dfr-
