í
fending these gent'emen, he has said many things
upon this subject that are entirely unfounded in
truth. ] used this word, not in an offensive sense,
because I have not asserte! n in that sense, but be-
cause the gentleman bas stated many in ngs tint
are not .sustained by the record. He however has
not done this intentionally, I hope and believe, but
because he is engaged in the consideration of a
subject with which he is not acquainted. He, un-
der a fancied necessity io protect men who cannot
protect themselves, has volunteered to engage in
the consideration of a subject when he knows
nohirg ot it Now, Mr. Speaker, I will state to
the gentleman from Maryland, one thing said by
htm that was offensive to me, and wish him to dt-
tcrmine whether I am mistaken in what he did say
or not. In speaking about my course in relation
to the Governor of New Jerie), and what I said
of him, all «f which I said I could prove at a pro-
per ume, the gentleman from Maryland said:
Suppose the Governor of the old Commonwealth
of Virginia were to return to this Hou«e one per-
son a  «lected, and another person, meaning my-
self, were to come here under the return of the
sheriff, would the gentleman from Virginia take his
seat under that return? The gentleman asked,
would I come here upon the returns of the sheriff,
whose dnty it is, under the laws of my State, io
conduct the election1:, when another pel son came
here with the reiuru  of the Governor, whose duty
it is to make the reiu'ns.
Mr-JENIFER said a few words in reply, in too
low a lone to be heard by the Reporter.
Mr. RIVES. Then, sir,I am mistaken entirely.
I understood the gentleman to ask me if I would
cerne here upon the return of the sheriff, when
the Governor, whose duty it was to make ihe re-
turns, gave-Ais certificate Io another person. I then
gave a nod of assent, upon which it was stated tome
that the gentleman then said that be believed the gen-
tleman irom Virginia would do any thing. Now,
whether he did say this or not, I cannot undertake
to say, and it is therefore that I wish him to ex-
plain what be did say. I did say that if the sheriff
of the district in which I live, whose duty it is by
law to conduct the elections, and to give n-s certi-
ficate to the person who receives a majority of the
votes, furnished me with the evidence that I was
elected, that I should come on and take my seat
apon that evidence.
Then suppose the Governor of Virginia had done
what the Governor of New Jersey has done—sup-
pose he had returned my competitor instead of me;
I having the majority of volet, and the return of ihe
sheriff, would have come here and claimed my
seiL But see what this Governor of Virginia his
done. All hough the law of the Commonwealth
requires him to return all those who shall be elected
as Representatives for the S ate, he has not re-
turned but one of the delegation from that S ate.
If, then, I bad waited for this broad seal—this
commission of the Governor of Virginia—I wonld
have come here without any title to my seat at all.
I brought with me ample evidence of my election,
and those gentlemen whose rights to seats I have
been advocating, al-<o brought evidence of their
right to occupy them. Mr. Speaker, it has been
said that we made a report jn favor of those índi-
' vidual , without having read the evidence on
which it was founded. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Fillmo&e] supposed a case
as true, and asked the House what it would think
of a report of a committee, if ¿t should be adopted
when the members of the commi tee had not read
the evidence in relation to the matiei? An attempt
is now made to impress the public mind with the
belief that the evidence had not bren read. The
journal, which is here, proves inconiestably the
fabehood of that charge. The journal is here, and
before I take my seat, I shall insist on its beiBg
lead. The House will see that it was not only
read once, bnt twice; and that it was argued by the
part es interested. Not only once, but twice has it
been read; though it has been recently as*ited
that it had not been read at all.
Mr. Speaker, I feel very unwilling, after the
House has been so kind to me, to undertake a
speech at length at this particular time.   I would
* prefer] speaking hereafter.    I would like to see
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
how many of the gent'emen, who have occupied a
certain groun 1 heretofore, will abandon it before
the subject closes.
However anxious I am to di^cu^s it now, I must
defer my remarks for another tun , though I am    ,
unwilling to ke-p the people of Virginia in the
dark, by a suppression of the facts, as has been as-
serted by the gentleman troin Maryland, [Mr. Je-
nifír ]    I am anxious for the discussion to go on,
in order that the people of Virginia, and the whole
people of ihe United States, may know  the true   j
men s ol the question.    I want now to call promi-   '
nently the attention of the people to thu fact—that ,
when the Commi tee of Elections determinid that  ,
the consideration of the New Jersey question should j'
be postponed until the 2d Monday ol April, I then   j
moved, in committee, that the chairman should ask   ¡
leave of ihe House to have all the papers connect-   i
ed with the New Jersey ca^e printed.   The geitle-
I   men of the Opposition voted against it,and it failed
I  then gave notice that, inasmuch as we could
j not get that motion n ade by the chairman of
the committee, I would, next mornins, if
I   could   get t he floor,  move   for   the  instruc- |
! tions of the House to this effect. I not only did
this, but I told the committee that I would make the
same motion from day to day until it succeeded.
1 then made the proposition here, not to print cer-
II   tain papers, but all the parers. I made that pro-
position not only in the commifee, but in the
House.                                                                       |
Here Mr GENTRY of Tennessee, and Mr. '
SMITH of Connecticut, called Mr. R to order.         I
Mr. R. said the House had given htm permission j
to go on, and he hoped he might do so without m- |
terruption.                                                                  ,
Mr GENTRY said the House had gven the   '
gentleman permission to make an explanatu n per-
sonal to him«elf, and he wasnowenienng into the
merits of the question.
Mr. R. resumed. That is the very point I am
coming at now. I am charged wrh suppressing in-
formaron, and being gui'ty of acts I am afraid
to avow; and I want to show that all such charges
are unfounded.
Mr GENTRY said the House gave the gent'e-
man permission to defend himself as a man of ho-
nor; but he was now defending himself as a
politician and a publ c man.
Mr RIVES. I have stated that I made two
propositions to print not only certain papers, but
the «hole of them. And, on Fr day last, I made
the proposition not to print certain pnpprs, but all
the papers connecied wi h the New Jersey case. I
moved the postponement of the consideration of
the report of ihe majority of the committee until
the following Tuesday; then making it the special
order of the day until the subject was finally dis-
posed of, and, in the mean time, hsve all the evi
deuce printed. Sir, the chairman of the
committee [Mr. Campbell] has, on two oc-
' casions, moved to have all the papers printed;
and the gentlemen in the Opposition, more inclined
to suppnss the facts than I am, voted aeainst a
suspension of the rules for that purpo e. Yes, sir,
on six occasions I moved to punt those papers; and
yet I am charged by the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Jenifer] with a deposition to suppress the
facts until the elections in Virginia are over. You,
sir, know that Ihe Legislature of onr State pro-
ceeded in this mat'er, on receiving the re-
solutions of the Governor of New Jersey
in relation to it. You know also that our party
moved to send to the Governor of New Jercey for the
evidence on which he made these charges, and that
the Whig party in the Legislature would not con-
sent to adopt the motion. I am delighted, in speak-
ing of this good old State, to say that the Whig
party there, ashamed of the ground that they had
taken, had abandoned it. They knew that if they
undertook to give such opinions without having all
the evidence, that they woold not be sustained by
the people.
Here Mr BOTTS and several gentlemen called
Mr. R. to order, and the noise was such that the
Repoiterscou'd not hear his remarks.
And the SPEAKER said that the rules had been
suspended to enable the gentleman from Virginia
to make an explanation, and he could go on.
£69
,'   , .„                                     -'    '.■.•■     ■ i"' ■ '-rrrr¡r
Mr. WISE wished to say that if his colleague
was permuted to proceed, and talk of his (Mr. W'«)
friends, who weie absent in Richmond, that he
wished to have an opportunity of replying to him.
Mr. GENTRY calUd Mr Rives to order, and
a'ked that the gentleman from Virginia might take
his seat ti 1 the point of order was decided.
The CHAIR called upon the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Gentry] to reduce his point of or-
der to writing.
Mr. GENTRY said, that at the request of seve-
ral friend* around him, he would withdraw it.
Mr BOTTS renewed it. I moved Io suspend
the ru'es, to enab'e the gentleman to make a per-
sonal explanation, when he asked if he had a friend
heie that would move it. I insist upon it that he
be confined to Ihe explanation personal between
him>elf and the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Jeniffr.]
Mr. WELLER obse-ved that|the'e~were several
gentlemen besides the geut'eman from Virginia,
[Mr. Butts,] who moved the suspension of the
rules to enable the gentleman's colleague to make
his explanation.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Butty] moved the smptnsion of
the rales.
Mr. BYNUM hoped the gentleman would write
out his point of order.
Mr. BOTTS then, at the request of the Chair,
wrote out his point ot order, in substance a* fol-
lows: The iuies having been suspended for the
purpese of allowing the gent'eman from Virginia
to make an explanation personal to himself, and
after the House bad refused to suspend the rules for
the purpose of discussing the general merits of the
New Jersey election, he subrmt'ed whether he
was in order to discuss the general merits of the
New Jersey election, and the pr"*ceedings of the
Governor and Legislature of Virginia on this
subject.
Ihe CHAIR was of op nion that the gentleman
was not in order in so doing.
Mr. RIVES p'eceeded,and made a few remark*,
and from the number of calls to order, and the con-
fusion, it was impossible for the Reporter lo hear.
Order having been restored,
Mr. RIVES continued: Now, with all proper
respect, I ask the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
JekifÁ] whether he said what I understood he did
say, "that I would do any thins."
it was s'ated to me that, when he was speak-
ing some days ago, he inquired if I would
come on here and c aim my seat under the return
oí a sheriff, while my com pent: r came on wi h the
re urn of the Governor. I nodded assent. I have
since undeisti od that he said I would do any thing.
I hope he will *ee the impropriety of such an ex-
pression, and I now ask bun if he uced it.
Mr. JENIFER raid a few words in reply, which
were not heard. He was understood, however, to
say that he wished the gentleman lo bring out all
'•is indictments at once* If this, however, was all,
he would with pleasure reply to it.
Mr RIVE  said. There were many remarks
made by the gentlemm, that I thought the fact* of
ihe case would not justify. I was, however, dis-
posed to let other matters pass over, because they
were leveled generally at the party with which
I act; but this particular question, it seemed, was
levHIed at me personally.
Mr. JENIFER said he was happy in having an
opportunity to make an explanation to the gentle-
man. He w?s gratified, also, for another reason;
because, since he had commenced his remarks
this morning, he had seen a charge made against
him, wheiher official or not he would not pretend
to say: that, on a motion to print, Mr. Jenifer
obtained the flior, and had occupied it every morn-
ing since, without giving the Republican members
an opportunity to reply to it. In reply to this he
had never refused to yield the floor to any gentle-
man to make an explanation. Now, in regard to
the gentleman from Virginia, he would answer
him; anl, in doing so, he would do it
frankly, for the gentleman bad disclaimed-
any in'ention of menace. The <<***, **
supposed a few days ago, was tbtas -***  - '
the   Governor  of  Virginia  were  to   give  «is
