C 0\f¿UESSIO* 4 L &LOBE.
86th Cosg........~Ut S*ss.
TUESDAY, MARCH 31, 1840.
VoLUMB  8.,
...No. 18
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continued frott Jft>. 17.
ragement to a nursery of seam<*n; and affirmative-
ly, that they were granted in lieu of a drawback of
the salt duty, and, as a commutation thereof, and an
equivalent therefor, and then I will do more: I will
prove that, constitutionally, these allowances can
only be justified on the principle of a drawback.
I now «me to the ekuse in my bill which has
cal'ed forth the** preliminary remarks; the third
clans?, which proposes ihe reduction of fishing
bounties and allowances in proportion to the reduc-
tion of fishing bounties and allowances in propor-
tion to the reduction which the salt tax has under-
gone, and shall undergo.   And here, it is not the
compromise act alone that is to be blamed: a previ-
ous act shares that censure with it.   In 1830 the
salt duty was reduced one half, to take effect in
1830 and 1831-, the fishing bounties and allowances
should have been reduced one-half at the same
time.   I made the motion in Ihe Senate to that ef-
fect; but it failed of success.   When the compro-
mise act was passed in 1833, and provided for a
farther redaction of the salt duty—a reduction
which has now reduced it two-thirds, and in 1841
and '42 will reduce it still lower—when this act
was pas*td, a reduction of the fishing bounties and
allowance? --h'iuld have taken place. The two Sena-
tors who concocted that act in their chambers, and
brought it here to be registered as the royal edicts
were registered in the times of the old French mo-
narchy; when these two Senators concocted this
act, they should have inserted a provision in it for
the correspondent redaction of the fishing bounties
and allowances with the salt tax: they should have
placed these allowances, and the refined sugar, and
the ram drawbacks, all on the same fooling, and re-
duced them all in proportion to the reduction of
the duties on  the articles on  winch they were
founded.   They did not do this.   They omitted the
whole; with what mischief you have a'ready seen
in the case of mm and refined sugar, and shall pre-
sently see in the case of the fishing bounties and
allowances.   I attempted to supply a part of their
omission in making the motion in relation to draw-
backs, which was read to yon at the commence-
ment of these remarks.   Failing in that motion, I
made no further attempt, but waited for TIME,
the great arbiter of all question.*, to show the mis-
chief, and to «force the remedy.   That arbiter is
now here, with his proofs in his band, in the
shape of certain reports from the Treasury Depart-
ment in relation to the salt duty and the fishing
bounties and allowances, which have been printed
by the order of the Senate, and constitute part of
the salt document, No. 196.   From that document
I now proceed to collect the   evidences of one
branch of the mischief—the pecuniary branch ol
it—which the omission to make the proper reduc-
tions in these allowances has inflicted upon the
country.
The salt duty was reduced one fourth in the
year 1831; the fishing bounties and allowances that
year were $313,894; they should have been reduced
one fourth a'so, which would have made them
about f 160,000. la 1832 the duty was reduced
one half; the fi>hing bount.es and allowances were
paid in fall, and amounted to $334,137; they
khonld hawe been reduced one half; and then
$117,018 would have discharged tbem. The com-
promise act was made in 1833, and, under the ope-
ration of that act, the salt duty has undergone bien-
nial redactions until it is now reduced to about one
third of its original amount: if it had provided for
the correspondent reduction of trie fishing bounties
and allowances, there would have been saved from
that year to the year 1839—the last to which the
retaras have been made up—an annual average
mm of about $150,000; or a gross sum of about
$900,000. The prospective loss can only be esti-
mated; but it is to increase rapidly, owing to the
large reductions in the salt duty in the years 1841
and 1842.
The present year, 1840, lacks but a little of ex-
busting the whole araoant of the salt revenue in
paying the fishing bounties and allowances; the
next year will take more than the whole; and the
year after will require about double the amount of
the salt revenue of that year to be taken from other
branches of the revende to satisfy the demands of
the fi hing vessels The results for the present
year, and the ensuing ones, are of course com-
puted: they are computations founded upon the
basis of the last ascertained year's operations. The
last year to which all the beads of this branch of
business is made up, is the year 183S; and for that
year they stand thus: Salt imported, in round num-
bers, seven millions of bushels; nett revenue from
it, about $430,000; fishing bounties and allowance-:,
$320,000. Assuming the importation of the pre-
sent year to be the same, and the bounties and al-
lowances to be the same, the loss to the Treasury l
will be $306,000; for the salt duty this year will ,
undergo a further reduction. In 1842, when th;s '
duty has reached its lowest point, the whole amount
of revenue derived from it is computed at about
$170,000, while the fishing bounties and allowances
continuing the same, namely, about $320,000, the
salt revenue it the gross will be little more than
half enough to pay it; and, after dtducting the
weighers' and measurers' fee", which come out of
the Treasury, and amount to $52,500 on an impor-
tation of seven millions; after deducting this item,
there will be a deficiency of about $200.000 in the
salt levenue, in meeting the drawbacks, in the shape
of bounties and allowances founded upon it. Thus
two-thirds of the whole amount of the salt revenue
is at this time paid to the fishin? vessels. Next
year it will all go to them; and after 1842, we shall
have to raise money from other sources to the
amount of $200,000 per annam, or raise ths salt
duty itself to produce that amount, in order to sa-
tisfy these drawbacks, which were permitted to take
the form of bounties and allowances to fithing ves-
sels. Such is the operation of the compromise act!
that act which is styled sacred and inviolable 1
Of the other mischiefs resulting from this com-
promise act, which reduced the duties on salt, and
the one which preceded it for the same purpose,
without reducing the correspondent bounties and >
allowances to the fbhing interest—of these remain-
ing mischiefs, whereof there are many, I mean to ¡
mention but one; and merely to mention that, and |
not to argue it. It is the constitutional objection to !
the payment of any thing beyond the duty received
—the payment of any thing which exceeds the
drawback of the duty. Up to that pomt, I admit
the constitutionality of drawbacks, whether pass-
ing under that name, or changed to the name of a
bounty, or an allowance in lieu of drawback. I
admit the constitutional tight of Congress to per-
mit a drawback of the amount paid in. I deny
the constitutional right to permit a drawback of any
amount beyond what was paid in. This is my po-
sition, which I pledge myself to maintain, if any
one disputes it; and applying this principle to i he
fish ng bounties and allowances, and also to the
drawbacks in the case of refined sugars and rum:
aad I boldly atlirm that the Constitution of the
United States has been in a state of flagrant viola-
tion, under the compromise act, from the day of its
passage to the present hour, and will continue so
until the bill is passed which I am about to ask
leave to bring in.
Sir, I quit this part of my subject with presenting,
in a single picure, the condensed view of what I
have been detailing: It is tint the whole annual
revenue derived from SUGAR, SALT, and MO-
LASSES, is delivered over gratuitously to a few
thousand persons in a particular section of the
Union, and is not even sufficient to satisfy their de-
mands! In other words, that a tax upon a nation
of seventeen millions of pe:ple, upon three articles
of universal consumption, articles of nece?s ty, and
of comfort, is laid for the benefit of a few dozen
rum distillers and sugar refiner?, and a few thou-
sand fishermen; and not being sufficient for them,
JJ the deficit, amounting to many hundred thousand
dollars per annum, is taken from other branches
of the revenue, and presented to them! and all this
the effect of act which was made out of doors,
which was not permitted to-be amended on its
passage, and which is now held to be sacred and
inviolable! This is the picture I present—which I
prove to be true—and the like of which is not to
be seen in the legislation, or even in the despotic
decrees, of arbitrary monarchs, in any other country
upon the face of the earth.
A few words upon another point, and I cease my
remarks for the present.
I stated, in my opening observations, that the act
of 1833 was incapable of any regular, uniform,
fixed, or certain execution; that its provisions were
to j vague, loose, and unintelligible to admit of any
uiiform contraction; and that it would receive as
many different interpretations as there should be
different authorities, or persons to execute it. This
i< what I said at the commencement of these re-
marks, and it was only a repetition of what I said
seven years ago, when the act was on its passage.
I then said that no Administration could execute
that act; that no two human beings, or any two
authorities, could construe it alike. I was an-
swered by one of the authors of Ihe measure, [Mr.
Ciay.J that if the Administration would try to exe-
cute it in the «jwrtt in which, it was made, they
would find no difficulty; they could do it easy
enough. This is what I sud seven years ago, and
this the answer which I then received: and now
let us see what the answer is which time gives to
my remark.   It i, this (holding up a document.)
It is what is contained in this document, No. 49,
of the House of Representatives—being a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, cover-
ing reports from the Secretary of the Treasury and
from the Comptroller of the Treasury, with opi-
nions from the late Attorneys General of the United
States, Messrs. Butler and Grundy, with letters
from the collec'ors of the customs at all the princi-
pal Atlantic parts; all relating to the practical ope-
ration of ibis famous compromise act, and showing
a great deal more about its operation than I have
row either time or inclination to present. I limit
mysell to three atticles out of the long list which it
contains, namely, SILKS, LINENS, and W OR-
STEDS; and, passing over details, give the results
in the annual losses to the revenue arising from di-
versity of decision by the Treasury officers and
the judiciary in the construction of this act. And first
of silks. The document, at page 44, states the
annual ascertained loss during four years' opera-
tion of the act to be,
In 1835       - $624 356   In 1837       -   463,090
1836        -   847,162         1838        -   428,237
Making in the four yean, $2,362,845; and the
Comptroller computes the annual prospective loss
during ihe time the act may remain unaltered, at
$800,000. So much for silks; now tor linens.
The same page, for the same four years, presents
the annual loss on this article to be:
In 1835 - $370,785 la 1837 - 303,241
1836        -   516,988          1838       -   226,375
Making the sum of $1,411,339 on this article
for the four year*; to which is to be added the esti-
mated sum of $400,000, for the future annual
losses, if the act remains unaltered.
On worsted goods, for the same time, and on page
45, the report exhibits trie losses thus:
In 1835,   -   $409,329             1837,   -   $309,391
1836,    -     416,832             1838,   -     349,590
Making a total of ascertained loss on this head,
in the brief space of four years, amount to the sum
of $1,285,142; with a computation of a prospective
loss of $500,000 per annum, while the compromise
act remains as it is. Such are the results on three
articles of unmixed fabneks; the mixed ones, and
where the mixture is such as to make it impossible
to tell to what cla<sifiation oí goods the artiele be-
longs under the vague and general parages of the act,
tv e contrariety of construction among Trea«wry of-
ficers, attorneys general, eolleetois of the customs,
judges on the bench, and juries in the box, becomes
