274
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
too great for me to undertake to state. The result
is that the Treasury Department, and the Congress,
bare nearly ceased to hare any control in
fixing or collecting the custom-house revenue.
That business is now transferred to the juries of
the importing cities—that is to say, it is transierred
to those who have to pay the revenue, and who uni-
formly decide in favor of the payer*; and that
«midst the trhunphant shouts of the political party
now called Whig*. Two millions per annum is
guessed at as the loss of the Treasury from the di-
versity of opinions about the classification of these
nixed fabrics. What is ready made clothing, and
what not, is equally a subject of contradictory de-
cision. Happy would it be for the Qorernment if
things stopped there—if these juries only decided
upon the amount of revenue to be paid into the
Treasury: bat that is net the case; they decide upon
the question of taking revenue *mt of it-, and who-
ever chooses to sue a collector, to recover back
what he has paid in, under an alleged overcharge
of the collector, is pretty sure to succeed! I hare
seen bat one case reported to the contrary. But I
forbear—I stop. My motion is for leave to bring
in a bill to amend some of these errors—to stop
some of the mischiefs of this compromise act of
1833—that act, the evils of which it is my pride
to bare foreseen, and my boast to hare denounced
on the night of its passage through this chamber.
I now ask leave to bring in my bill, trusting
that I have shown enough to entitle me to the fa-
vor.
After a few remarks from Mr. DAVIS, concur-
ing in many of Mr. B* positions, but declining to
enter at present into a discussion on the fishing
bounties, leave was granted to introduce the bill,
and it was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Ths CHAIR laid before the Senate a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Nary, transmitting, for the use of the member*,
«irty copies of ihe Navy Register fee the year 1840; which was
Also, resolutions of «he Legislature of Florida, praying for
the passage of an act granting to the settlers of the public
4s in the
_________i Territory or Florida, who were deprived of their
settlements by decrees of the courts of the United States, the
Tight of pre-emption to a like quantity of other public lands;
which were referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Also, a petition of Abigail Rankin, praying remuneration for
the Rerointiooary services of her late husband; which was re-
ferred to the committee en Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. BENTON presented the petition of James Hinge Burton;
which waa referred to the Committee on Rerolutionary Claims.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Thomas P. Copes; which
wae referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
AJso, the memorial of the corporate authorities of St. Louis,
praying reimbursement of moneys expended in improriog the
harbor, and a further appropriation for ihe same; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Aba, the petition of Mr. Munson; which waa referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Also, certain documenta in relation to the claim of J. T. V.
Thompson and Andrew Garlin; which was referred to the Ccm-
- mittee on Military Affairs.
'      Mr. BUCHANAN presented a remonstrance against the an-
\   nexatien of Tazaa to the Union; which was laid on the table.
^'   Mr. B. ah  presented the memorial of a number of citizens of
the United States, praying the imposition of a moderate duty
oa silks; which waa referred to the Committee on Finance.
Also, a memorial of a «umber of tobacco manufacturers and
«there, chicane of Philadelphia, praying an increase of duties on
imported cigars; which was referred to the Committee on Manu-
facture*.
Aleo, a memorial of citisens of Pennsylvania, praying for the
abolition of slavery in the District of Columbia; the motion to
receive which was, on motion by Mr. KING, laid on the table.
Alae, a memorial, praying an alteration or tne Constitution on
the subject of slavery; the motion to receive which, waa laid
on the table.
Also, a memorial remonstrating against the use of blood-
hounds in the Florida war; which was laid on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT prescribed the petition of Phebe Wairy;
which was referíed to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of John W. Thompson;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims,
Mr TALLMADGE presented the memorial of a number of
coiseoe of the State of New York, praying the passage of a
hanknrpt law; which was referred to the Committee oa the
Judiciary.
Also, the proceedings of e meeting of citisens of the city of
New York ia favor of a bankrupt law; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALL presented a petition of a number of citizens of
the Untied States, praying an increase of the duties on foreign
■ilka; which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the memorial of the Legislature
of Musissippi, praying the erection of several fortifications on
the southern coast of that State, and a survey and examination
of the different harbors and sound* on the said coast; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, and the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STURGEON presented the memorial of a number of
of Pennsylvania for the passage of a general bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Ales, the memorial of a number of tobacco manufacturers of
Philadelphia, praying an increase of the duties on imported u-
gwst wbfca was referred to the Committee on Manufacture .
Mr. YOUNG preaentedjtwo petitions from citizens of the
Stale of Illinois, praying the establishment ef mail routes;
which were referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Poet Roads.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the memorial of Edward S.
Wright of Georgetown, D. C. praying to be released from lia-
bility on a bond given by A. B. Claxtnn and Co. for their faithful
performance ef their contract for priming the Biennial Regis-
ter; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ROBINSON presented the petition of a number of citi-
sens of Illinois, praying the establishment of a mail route;
which waa referred l* the Committee on the Post Olfice and
Poet Roads.
Mr. Al.LEN presented the petition of a number of citizens
of Hamilton county, Ohio, praying that two terms of the Cir-
cuit Court of the United States for the distuct of Ohio may be
holden in each year, at the city of Cincinnati; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BENTON, frem the Committee on Military Affairs, to
which was referred the bill for the relief of Captain Snodgrass's
company of Alabara* volunteers, reported the same without
amendment.
The bill was then, on motion of Mr. B. considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private Land Claims, to
which was referred the bill for the relief of Gregoire Sarpy,
made a report thereon; which was ordered to be primed.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, who were instructed to inquire into the subject,
reported a resolution to authorize the transmission of certain
documents free of postage; which was read, and ordered to a
second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
which waa referred the bill to establish and regulate the navy
ration, reported it without amendment.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama aubmitted the following motion,
which waa considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be directed to
repon to the Senate, as early as practicable, the original quan-
tity of public lands in each of the States of Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, and Missouri; how many acres have been sold in each of
those States, and the amount of two per cent, fund which has
accrued on the nett amount of said cales, up to the latest re-
turns; and also the total quantity of public lands which remain
unsold in said several States, and also the quantity ol land sold
and patented in each Sute.
Mr. LINN submitted the following resolution; which was
considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of making an appropriation to
satiety the claim of Lieut. Albert Mliler Lea for money ex-
pended and services rendered in surveying the Southern boun-
dary of the line ef the Iowa Territory.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
Mr. LUMPKIN said be rose to perfor.n what he conceived to
be a duty imposed on him, which was to ask the Senate lo pro-
ceed to the consideration of the resolution fixing a day for the
adjournment of Congress. This was the day to which, with
some reluctance, he had consented that its consideration should
he postponed, and every day's experience but the more firmly
convinced him not only of the propriety of considering it, but
of acting on it. He would not detain the Senate by fu rther re-
mark, as there was no necessity of argument to elucidate the
proposition,and every Senator could judge for himself of its
propriety or impropriety. He asked that the resolution might
be read by the Secretary; which was done.
The resolution was in the following words:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representative  of
the United Slates of America in Congress assembled, That
the President of the Senate and Speaker of the House of Re-
Sresentatives do adjourn their respective Houses sine die, on
londay, the 18th day of May next.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana said, that having voted against this
proposition, when it was last before the Senate, and woulfl vote ;
against it now, he wished to make a few remarks in explana-
tion of his votes. He was as anxious as any other Senator
Senator for an early adjournnncnt-of Congress, and the moment
he saw the public business in such a state of forwardness as
would warrant him in doing so, he would be willing to fix a
day on which the session should terminate. But we were sent
here to transact the important business of ths nation, and no
consideration of personal, convenience would induce him to
give a vote which might defeat important measures, because
we had not sufficient time lor their proper discussion. He in-
tended to remain until the business of the country was done,
and the very moment he saw a prospect of its teimination, he
he would vote to fix a day for adjournment.
Mr. WEBSTER said the mover of the resolution had his
most cordial concurrence in the views which induced him to
offei it, but he regretted that Monday had been named as the
day for adjournment. lis thought that Wednesday would be
better, as then the last three days could with propriety be de-
voted to business. It seemed to be generally admitted that the
Senate could get through its business by the day mentioned, arid
he could see no impropriety in their passing the resolution; and
if the House thinks the lime too short, it can amend the resolu-
tion. In his opinion the day fixed was sufficiently remote. We
shall by that tinte have been neatly six months in session,
which was longer than the legislative session of any nation in
the world, with the exception, perhaps, of Great Britain.
Mr. NORVELL said he was decidedly in favor of fixing an
early day for adjournment. The long sessions of Congress
were always too long, and Ihe short sessions generally too short.
With a view to the correction of this evil, and to present a new
motive for an earlier adjournment than usual of the first session
of eachCongress, he proposed a second resolution, providing that
the next session of Congress should commence on the second
Monday of November.
Mr. WEBSTER observed that this could only be done by
Mr. LUMPKIN would prefer a direct vote upon his joint re-
solution for an adjournment on the 18th of May.
Mr. NORVBLL said that the suggestions thrown out induced
him to withdraw his amendment, and to state that he should to-
morrow ask leave to introduces bill for an earliercomnience-
ment of the next session of Congress, if the joint resolution for
adjourning in May should pass.
Mr. GRUNDY said that he presumed every Senator present
was animated by a desire to bring the session toa close as soon
a* It eoald be áoee with proprietor; bat H appeared to hist that
it would be acting somewhat precipitately to pass on the reso-
lution at this time. In the course ol a week or two they would
be better enabled to judge of the time it would require to trans-
act the public business, and they should measure this time by
the quantity of business to be done, and not by their personal
convenience or inconvenience. There were many subjects of
importance yet to be discussed, and among them he would
mention the bankrupt law. He had always been
opposed to such a law, but there had been such a geneial
expression of sentiment in favor of such a law at the present
session, that he was disposed to give the measure his most
careful consnleration,anil if convinced of its practical utility, ho
would vote for tt. If gentlemen thought that this important sub-
ject and other measures could be discussed and acted upon
within the time proposed, they were right in voting lor the pro-
position to fix the day of adjournment, but for his own part he
thought it would be mors prudent to defer its consideration for
the present.
Mr. WEBSTER thought there was ample time to «incus  the
bankrupt la ', as he supposed it would not be complicated
in its provisions. The chairman cf the Judiciary Comu mee
had informed the Senate that he would probably introduce the
hill in the course of this week, and two oi three weeks would
be ample to discuss and act upon it.
Mr. WILLIAMS was altogether unwilling to vote for this
proposition, in the situation m which his State was placed. It
was known to the Senate and to the country that his Stale was
invaded, anil a portion of her territory was in the possession of
the troops of a foreign power. The British Government have
been informed that a persistance in this course will
be deemed by this Government as inconsistent with
the stipulations which were entered into by the
Governors of Maine and New Brunswick. How| long it
would require for us to be'infbrmed of the result of this decla-
ration, he did not know; but he thought that Congress should
not adjourn without taking measures to settle this question de-
finitively. If Congress adjourned, the inference would be that
Great Britain was to keep possession of the disputed territory
until Congress was again assembled. This he waa opposed to,
snd he thought it would not be submitted to by the people of
his State. A call had been recently made on the President
for information on a subject which had some bearing on this
matter: he alluded to the warlike preparations of Great Britain
on the Noi th and Northwestern frontier; and until that was
answered, he thought it would be imprudent to act on this
question of adjournment. He would therefore move to post-
pone ths further consideration of the resolution to this day two
uMr. SEVIER said, if they remained here until the Maine
boundary question was settled, they would probably be in ses-
sion until the 4th of March next. He theught himself that it
was full lime this question was settled; but he had no exoccta-
tation that it would be settled at an eaily day. If the Senator
intends to force this uiattet to a decision, let him bring in a bill
declaring war against Great Britain, if she will not relinquish
her pretensions, and it shall have my most favorable consirleia-
lion. He thought these repeated postponements of this resolu-
ton, and thus consuming a day in every week in its discussion,
was a fiuitless and unprofitable course; and he would vote
aaainst any further postponement.
~M\ WILLIAMS said he was not, at this time, prepared to
act on the suggestion of the Senator I rom Arkansas, to bring is
a bill declaring war against Great Britain. He was willing to
wait until we had received an answer lo the inquiries made
ef the President in relation to warlike preparations on our
frontier. We could then adopt suitable precautions on our
side of the line. He thought that Congress should then take it
into its own hands to protect the rights of the nation. The
question of right had been again and again settled, and he
trusted that the day was not distaut when ihe Territory Maine
would be delivered from the presence of the troop* of a fo-
reign power.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said that, when this proposition wa*
before the Senate the other day, he was opposed to any delay in
acting on it; but he confessed that the remarks of some of his
friends, and particularly of the Senator from Maine, [Mr Wil-
liams,] had occasioned some change in his sentiments. He was
arxious that the Senate should adjourn at the earliest day the
state of the public business would permit; but thought that, at
present, it would be improper to name a day for that purpose.
It was probable that, In the course of a fortnight, events might
occur which would enable them to act more understandinely,
andhewnuldthereforevoteinfavorof its postponement.
Mr. HUBBARD said that when this motion was up before,
he had moved its postponement, as he deemed that its only ef-
fect would be to embarrass the proceedings of the other House.
There were a great many bills both of a public and private cha-
racter which had passed this body, but were yet unacted on in
the House, and he thought a movement of this kind would be
at least premature, if not injurious. He was as desirous as any
Senator for an early adjournment, but he would not consent to it
at the risk of sacrificing the business of the nation, and the inte-
rests of the numerous individuals who hadjust claimauponthe
Government.
Mr. H. referred to the introduction of a similar proposi-
tion in the session of 1837-8, when it was at first prspoeedto
adjourn in April, but which the House disagreed to. In June
the House passed a resolution to adjourn on the 9th of July
which the Senate promptly acceded to. He thought that noth-
ing would be gained by a movement of this kind m this early
Mr. WALL would have preferred that the Senator from
Maine had moved an indefinite postponement of the re-
solution. He had had but ene opinion of it since
its introduction, and that was, that it was altogether a
prematnre movewent. As yet we have received but
three or four bills from the other branch of Congress
while nearly all the great measures in which the country were
interested were as yet scarcely touched in that branch And it
is under this state of circumstances lhat the Senator from Georgia
attempt* to guessthe ampunt of time it will require for Coneress
to get through its business, and be prepared to adjourn.
Though he was convinced that the Senator was actuated by the
most patriotic motives in adopting thiscouise, and thought that
the public business would be accelerated, he [Mr. W j was
convinced that it would produce no such result. Every Se-
nator was ar:  to*  to adjourn a* early as could be done, con-
sistent with r sense of duty: he would say that he sub-
jected hlBi=c great sacrifices by remaining here; but were
all the gre.           ures of the country, and the great mas* of
private bvnaom which w* hare upon our ealosdar, to perwh,
