CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
tor want of sufficient um* 10 mature theml If this resolution
was passed, it could only be looked upon as an attempt to
goad the other House into action, and, viewed in this light, it
would occasion more injury than benefit
Mr NORVELL mid that none of the arguments advanced
had induced anv c lange of his opinion in favor ol an early ad
Jeummt-ni. If the two Houses hxed on ihe ISth of May as the
day for adjournment, our pinceedinss would be governed by a
view to that precise time, an I we should act upon the business
of the coun'rv, whicn was beloro us As it was, we
ware wasting our unit in making partisan speeches,
to the neglect ol that business In relation to the
Mame boundary question, if there were any hone
of its termination, whether favorably or unfavorably,
during the year, he would, with the Senator I rom
Arkansas, agree to sit here till March next, for the purpose ol
accomplishing that object. But, sir, we see no indication of
any measure  10 meet any emergenev which may arise out of the
protracted negotiations on that subject. Have we any proposi-
tions for augmenting our army) Have we any proposi
tton to equip and man a greater number of vessels
for the naval service? Has any thing been pro-
posed with a view to any serious event which
may grow out ol the boundary question! Sir, if any
change should lake place in our foreign relations, requiring
■he adoption of fresh measures of pieparation for the worst
contingencies that can happen between nations, before the
day designated in the joint resolution lor adjournment, it is
to be presumed, it cannot be doubted, that Congress would re-
scind that resolution.
Mr LUMPKIN said, that reluctant as he generally was to
consume the time of the Senate, by occupying the floor in de-
bate, he frit himself called upon, on the present occasion, to
deteod himaell, and the measure which he had introduced.
Mora particularly did this duty devolve on him, because it
was assailed by so many of the Inends with whom he generally
acted in the Senate. Mr L. said another week's consideration
had but the more coafirmed the «pinion which he had expressed
on the first introduction of the resolution. He believed much
food and no evil would result from the Senate fixing on a
definite day for the adjournment of the present session of
Congress. After a careful examination and consideration of
the business necessary to be done at the present session of Con-
gress, tt will be found that the time proposed is ample for the
proper transaction of all the necessary business of legisla-
tion Sir, (said Mr L.) I do not propose to leave omeglect the
public business and go home, as some gentlemen seem to sup-
pose. No, sir, I propose to go to work, and do the public busi-
ness in a reasonable time, and then go home The honorable
Senator from New Jersey, [Mr Wall,] considers my proposi-
tion, as being based on a guess He seems not to favor the idea
of even venturing to guess how long this session of Congress
ought to iemain in session He considers this guesting rather
a hazardous business, calculated to endanger the public inte-
rest. Now, sir, (said Mr L.) I will admit that no mathematician
can demónstrate, to an hour or a day, how long the present Con-
greasougnt to remain in session in order to a laitbiul discharge
of our legisletive duties. But, sir, it is admitted. I believe,
by every gentleman who has yet spoken, that (he time which
M proposed is amp'e for the Senate to discharge all
its legislative duties, and I will venture to nets that none will
eoouevert that opinion But, said Mr L let rr.e inform that
honorable Senator that my proposition is Dot based upon a
rítese, as he seems to suppose No, sir; before 1 introduced
the proposition, with great care and labor I investigated the
•abject. First, I considered the measures to which the atten-
tion of Congress had been invited by the Executive branch of
the Government; and then, sir, I carefully examined all your
dockets to see what bad been brought in the consideration of
Congress by all us members in both branches. The result of
this investigation left the conviction on my mind that the public
interest required the closing of this session on or before the
time proposed In this calculation, too, I have allowed for one-
half of oar lime to be spent in úseles  debate—debate upon Sub-
jects which are not, and cannot be, subjects of legitimate legis-
lation. But, sir, while it is admitted that Ihe ume proposed is
more than sufficient for the discbaige of the business of the
Senate, every gentleman opposed to this proposition re-
minds us that nothing is yet done m the other end
of the Capitol, and that a longer ume will be necessary
to enable the House of Representatives to discharge its share
of legislative duties, gir, this may he true, or it may not It
is not for me—it u not for the Senate to determine this ques-
tion. Of this matter the House will judge for Hself What I
propose, sir, is, that we now inform the House that we shall be
ready to close this session of Congress on the ISth of May next,
and that we proceed to discharge the obligation we shall thereby
place ourselves under, by proceeding to the faithful discharge
of oar own duties The honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr Wiutb,] has very justly remarked that if the
House of Representatives shall come to the conclusion that
the time which we propose for closing the present session of
Congress, is too limited for a faithful discharge of the busi-
ness of that House, (hey may propose an amen Iment—an ex-
tension of the ume to a more distant day This course, sir,
would be placing the responsibility of an extended, protract-
ed session of C mgrese, where it should be placed Let us
discharge oor own duty, and leave to others their own respon
•ability.                                                                                 r
The honorable Senator from Maine, [Mr Williams,] and
other Senators, are opposed to fixing a day of adjournment, in
anucipatioa of the most important legislative duties which
may hereafter devolve on Congress, growing out of our rela-
tions with Great Britain, on the subject of the Eastern boundary
SÍ"SÍTÍ!?T In ^* «""i mr' ""B1" *e "<*  y wrh propriety,
^2SSl rUnñ the "^*the eT" 'hereof!  'l, it wise, is n
SÍT^Slrm.írT" "* make calfiilaiions and arrangements
ST^L I^!*?a"l7.l<)nsand Prowacted sessio , m anticipation
2rJ5 S^'ut.* le8,«""lo"-< *« wh.ih may or may not
ü?pi.J Í_Wi ^l upon • <* Pnnetples as these, the sessions
«1^'boTv ,Le^.pe!:pe,ual' Congress will become an mdis-
™^ n/:>?^P wr,enthe P^P1" lnT,te «  home, for (he
í¡2^¡ 2 wh,iPh7JnlSur s'iar** Wllh °the™- u   known to
IIÍ2 ?££ TCr*!™*" beei at"">tive to the procer 'njgiof Con-
SSSl ««nil.. bffr" ¿h£ *?"0n ta M-nrfed, thVTs*, unfi-
owned business is left at the c ose If Consress w a la-nerne.
tual body, always in session, to the endi ofSme^^iffivrf
mOLlrZr^^ th« extraordinary length of the sessions of
ESET,? %L?m¡?$ T1' one wiucii nonewll have the
boldness ta deny.   It ha* become a burden upon your.Trsa-
sury. Reform is called for Duty, economy demands it—the
value of time demands it Why then, all this reluctance
which we see manifested, to aid in the humble effort which has
been attempted! Why has ihis proposition been called a de-
ceptive one! Why la it calculated to deceive (he people! Why
is it considered hope'ess to propose this reform! Sir. the indi
cations around me exhibit the true cause, and prove that gen-
tlemen have it in their power to fulfil (heir own predictions
Mr attempt may fail lor want of suppnit, but I shall have de-
ceived no one I have discharged my duty Good has re- I
suited, and will hereafierjresult, from this eflort made to produce
reform
The question was then taken on postponing the (resolution
until Monday, ihe 30th day of March, and it was decided in the   '
alfli mative—ayes 22, noes 18                                                           ¡
The Senate then went into Executive session, and afterwards
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 16, lcMO
The CHAIR announced that he had been Informed that the
Representatives elect from New Jersey were present, and
would be qualified.
Mr JENIFER offered the lollowing resolution.
Resolved, Tnat the execution of the resolution of this House
of the 10th of March directing the Speaker to qualify as mem
bers of this House, Philemon Dickereon, Peter D Vroom, Da-
niel B Ryall, Wm R Cooper, and Joseph Kille, be postponed
until the 2d Monday in April next, loaff >rd the other five claim-
ants from the Stale of New Jersey an opportunity of presenting
their evidence, as directed to be taken by the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. WELLER of Ohio inquired whether the resolution was
in order.
1 he CHAIR replied in the negative
Mr JENIFER said that, if that was the decision of the Chair,
he should acquiesce, without any motion in the case.
Mr PROFFIT inquired of the Chair whether he had not
the right to call nn the eentlemen for their credentials.
The SPEAKER replied, that the House had already passed
a resolution that these gentlemen were entitled to their «eats,
and directing the Speaker to qualify them, and any motion on
the subiect would be out of order
The followine gentlemen were then qualified as Representa-
tives from the State of New Jersey, viz —Wm   R   Cooper,
Philemon Dickersox Joseph Kills and Daniel B Rvall.
CHINA AND THE UNITED SrAlES
Mr. CUSHIfcG said I beg leave to put a question to the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs [Mr Pickens]
in regard to a irmtter concerning which misapprehension ex
uts abroad, and which, though it touches individually myself
and a colleague of mine now absent on a si< k bed, [Mr Law-
rkncb,] I should noi have troubled the House wiih, if it were
not of great public importance to the welfare and reputation of
the united States
No objection being made, Mr Cushing proceeded to say I
proposed a resol ution, early in the session, cal ling en the Execu-
tive for information as to our relations with China, which reso-
lution, being afterwards submitted to the Committee on Fo-
reign Affairs, was by them reported to the House, and adopted,
and to which the Executive has since responded, in a Message
now in the possession of the House My colleague [Mr Law-
■axes] also presented a memorial from citizens of the United
States in China, relative to the same matter These papers are
now under consideration in the Committee on Foreign Affairs
Meanwhile, I am somewhat disturbed to learn through the in-
telligence brouzht by the Great Western, that these movements
here are construed in England as indicating a disposition on
the part of the American Government ' to |Oin heart and
hand"—a* the expression is in a paragraph of an English mi
material journal now before me—"to join heart and hand with
the British Government, and endeavor to obtain commercial
treaties from the authorities in China." Now, so far as regards
myself, I wish to say that this is a great misconception, if it be
not a wilful pervers on, of what is contemplated here I have, it
is true, thought that the present contingency,—when the Ameri-
cana at Clinton,and they almost or quite alone, have manifested a
proper respect for the laws and public rights of the Chinese
empire, in honorable contrast with the ortrageous misconduct
of the English there—and when the Chinese Government,
grateful for the upright deportment of the Americans, has ma
nifested the best possible feeling towards them—I have thought
that these circumstances afforded a favorable opportunity to en-
deavor t  put the American trade with China on a j ust and stable
footing for the future. But, God forbid that I should entertain
the idea of co-operating with ths British Government in the
purpose—if purpose it nave—of upholding the base cupidity
and violence, and high handed infraction of all law, human
and divine, which have characterized the operations of the
British, individually and collectively, in the seas of China. I
disavow all sympathy with those operations. I denounce
them most emphatically. And, though it is not competent for
me to speak now of what has been done or is intended in the
Committee on Foreign Affairs relative to this, yet thus much I
may say, that, in that committee, and among all its members, I
am confident there is but one spirit—and that is, to guard the
intersts and to maintain the honor of the United States It is
due to the Executive, also, that I should say that 1 have no
reason to believe or suspect that the President or his Cabinet
entertains any but the most proper views on this subject. At
the same time, to close the door at once against all misunder-
standing, and set the whole matter in a clear light, in order that
the Chinese Government need not be misled into supposing
that, while the Americans in Canton profess 10 act in good
faith, and enjoy the benefits of it, any different purpose is
entertained here, I put this question to the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs—whether he himself, or, so far
as he knows, the Executive of the United States, has any idea of
making common cause with Great Britain in reference to the
recent events in China!
Mr PICKENS, in reply, said that, in reference to himself, it
was very far from heme the fact that he was disposed to make
common cause with Eneland m her designs in China—for the
very first moment the subject was refeired to the committee,
and laid before them, that very point was made by himself, and
he objected expressly to our appearing before the world, (as
might be inferred from the expression in the memorial) of act-
ing in concert with .he British Government in regard to this
matter. So far as the Executive was concerned, he had no au-
thority for speaking, but he was induced to believe that no such
fact of intended concert wnlifGreat Britain, as the gentleman di-
rectly releí red to, existed 3 He had no intention directly or indi-
rectly to aid in (oicnigonihe Chinese the odious tiaflic in
opium He (Mr P ) believed that if e could prevail on China
to abandon her policy ol non intercourse with the world il we
could prevail on her to enter into any arrangement that might
have foi its basis uimmerci.il relations which would pli ce us on
an equal looting with other powers it would be all that was neces-
sajy But ol tins lis had little hopes, fur it was known that
China, I rum tune immemorial, had been opposed to all treaties.
Ouronly object (said Mr P )isto place our commerce with
China on an equal looting with that of other nations, and to see
that no advantage betaken of us
Surely tng and dots not cccup]¡a position at present to
command any sympathy or co opeistion from us He would
forbear to touch upon those points that are now at issue be-
tween us, which may, in the progress of events, become of the
deepest ini|)ortance It w not our policy to appear to act un-
der her cover and co operation. We will act upon our separate
and independent int rests, and our own views of policy.
Mr CUsIIINO then said I thank the House for its indul-
gence, and the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
who has answered my question so satisfactorily, and I trust the
idea will no longei be entertaintd in Lngland, if she chooses to
perseveie in the attempt to coerce the Chinese by force of arms
lo submit in be poisoned with opium by whole provinces, that
she is to receive aid or countenance from the United States ta
that nefarious enterprise
The CHAIR announced that the question first m order was
the motion of VI r Casey to refer the memorial of the National
Road Convention, held atTerre Haute, Indiana, to the Commit-
tee of Ways anil Means, w tth instructions to report a bill making
a reasonable tppropnation for the continuation of the National
road in the St ites ol Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, for the year
1840, to be expended under the direction of the War Depart-
ment; said appropriation to be subject to alt the re
stnctions and conditions of former appropriations on said
road"
The substitute of Mr [Pickens for said instructions, as fol-
lows
"And that the memorial be commuted to the Committee of
Ways and Means, with nistruo ions to consider the expediency
of reporting a bill in tavor of the measure."
And Mr Marvin's amendment to the original proposition,
and substitute lor Mr Pickens's amendment, ae follows
"And ihat the Commute ol Ways and Means be instructed
to report bills in accordance with the estimates contained in
the reports fiom the Chiel Cnau eer, and the Chief of the Topo-
graphical Engir  eis, to the Secretary of War, and communi-
cated to Consress by ihe President, makingapprr priauons for
the year 1'40, for the continuation of the construction or im-
provements of harbors an 1 roads, and the navigation of riveis,
for whit h appropriations have been heretofore made '
The SPEAKER said, when the subject was last up, th«
question immediately pending «as the motion lor ihe previous
question, which had not been seconded The House had ordered
a call, upon which it adjourned If there was no objection, the
call would he dispensed with
Several gentlemen persisted in having the call, which was
proceeded in till 192 members had answered to their names,
when,
On motionjof Mr RAMSAY, all further proceedings in the
same was dispensed with
The previous question was then seconded, and the main
qnestion ordered, which main question was, Shall the substitu
lion of Mr Marvin for the proposition of Mr. Picks * be
adopted!
Mr CAVE JOHNSON demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered
Mr W C JOHNSON here offered an amendment to the
substitute of Mr Marvin, proposing an appropriation for the
improvement «f the Monocacy river, in Maryland, which was
ruled out of order, and which Mr M. refused to accept as a mo-
dification.                                                                             *
The question wasthen taken on Mr Marvin's substitute,and
decided in the negative—yeas SO, nays 112
YEAS—MessrB Adams, Judeon Allen, John W. Allen,
Ban.ard, Beatty, Bnldle,Uond, Brewster, Brockway, W O.
Butler,Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chmn, Chittenden, Clark, James
Cooper, Corwin, Cranaton, Crary, Cross, Curtis, dishing,
Dana, Davee, John W Davis, Dennis, Doan, Qoig, Edward ,
Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Floyd, Galbraith, Rice Garland,
Gates, Goode, Granger, Gnnuell, Hand, W. S. Hastings,
John Hastings, Henry, Hillen, Howard, James, Kempshal),
Leet. Leoaai d, Lineo n, Marchand, Marvin, Mason, Monroe,
C Moms, Oborne, Randall, Rancien, Reed, Reynolds,
Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Russell, Saltonstall, Simonton,
John Smith, Truman Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Storrs, Stuart. Sweeny Taylor, 1 lllinghast, Toland. Trum-
bull, Wick, Thomas W. Williams, and Joseph L Williams
—80
NAYS—Messrs Alford, Hugh J Anderson, Andrews, Ather-
ton, Banks, Beirne, Bell, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V
Brown, Albert G Brown, Burke, S II Butler, Bynum, John
Campbell, Chapman Clifford, Coles, Conner,Mark A. Cooper,
William R Cooper, Craig, Edward Davies, John Davis, Garret
Davis, Dawwn. Deberry, Ditkerson, Eastman, Fisber, Tor
nance, James Garland, Gentry, Gerry, Goggin, Green, Griffin,
Habersham, Hawee,Hawkins, Hill of Virginia, Hlllof North
Carolina, Hoffman, Holleman, Hook, Hubbard, Jackson,
Jenifer, William Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel
Jones, John W Jones, Keim, Kemhle, Kille, King, Leadbet
ter, Lewis, Lowell, Lmas, McCarty, McClellan, McKay, Medill,
Miller, Montama. Montgomery, Morgan, famuel W Morns,
Newhard, Nisbet, Parish, Parmenter, Paynter, Petnkiu,
Pickens, Pope, Prentiss, Proflii, Ramsey, Rhe't, Rives, Ro-
binson, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Stanly, Steenrod,
Sumter, Swearingen, Taliaferro, Philip F Thomas, Waddy
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Tnplett, Turney, Underwood,
Vanderpoel, David D Wagener, Warren, Watterson, Weller,
John White, Jared W Williams, Heniy Williams, Lewis
Williams, C   II  Williams, Sherrod Williams, asd Wise—1W
The question then recurnneon the sub' uuteof Mr Pickens,
Mr CASEY said, as it would be decisive of the question, ne
demanded the yeas and nays, which were ordered, wflen
Mr PICKENS, in view of the vote given, withdrew nis sun-
*Thí question then recurred on *Vm«,"^5rX.S «d
Casey's,] upon which the yeas and nays were ordered, and
were—yeas 88, nays 109, as follows
YEAS—Messrs.  Adams, Judson Allen,  John W.  Alie ,
