276
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
BVaiiv Bond. Brewster, Wm. O Butler, Calhoun, Can, Car-
roll, Casey, Chian,Cbmeod«n, Jamas Cooper, Corwin, Crans-
ton, Cross, Caros, Gushing, Dana, Dave*, John W Davis,
Garret Dans, DKkerson, Do*n. IVm.-, Duncan, Ear). Edwards,
Brans, Everett, Rice Garland, Goods, Granger, Hammond,
Hand, Wm 8 Hastings, John Hastings, Henry, Hillen, Hook,
Howard, James, Jameson, Kcmble, Kille, Leadbetter, Leet, Leo-
nard, Lincoln, Lowell, Marchand, Marvin, Mason, Medill, Miller,
Mitchell, Monroe, Mootanya, C Morris, Newhard, Pariah,Pope,
Profflt, Randall, Randall, Rartden, Reed, Reynolds, Ridgway,
Bdward Rogers, Russell, Ryall, Saltoostall, simooton, Albert
rVniih, Thos. Smith, Suurkweattur, Steenrod, Stuart, Swear-
ln*«i. Sweeny, Taylor, THIinghaat, Toland, Vanderpoel, Wel-
ler, WmcJc, and Juseph L. Williams—*S.
NAYS— Messrs. AlfortLJiugti J Anderson, Andrews, Alher-
ton. Banks, Barnard, Belrne, Bell, Biddle, Black, Blackwell,
Bovd, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G Brown, Burks, Sampson II.
Butler, Bynnm, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Carter,
Chapman, Clark, Clifford, Coles, Conner, Mark A. Cooper,
W R. Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crockett, Edward Danes, John
Davis, Dawson. Debsrry, Eastman, Fillmore, Fisher, Floyd,
Galbrahh, J Garland, Giles, Gentry, Gerry, Goggin. Graves,
UreefttGriffin, Habersham, Hawea, Hawkins, Hill of Virginia,
John Kill of North Carolina, Hoffman, Holleman, Hubbard,
Jafksan, Jeniler, William Cost Johnson, Care Johnson, Na-
thaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kempshall, King, Lewis,
Lucas, MrCarty, McClellan, McKay, Montgomery, Morgan,
Hamuel W Morns, Nubet, Osborne, Parmerrter, Payntei,
Peck, Pickens, Ptentias, Ramsey, Rhett, Rives, Robinson, Jas.
Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Sbepard, Truman Smith, Stanly,
atorre, Sompter, Taliaferro, P F Thomas, W Thompson,
J Thompson, Trumbull, Turney, Underwood, David D. Wa-
rier, Warren, Wauersen, John White, Jared W Williams,
W Wittisms, Henry Williams, Lewis Williams, Chnstopher
H Williams, olierrod Williams, and Wise—109.
So the House refused to refer, with instructions.
The memorial alone was then referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, without instructions.
Mr RARIDEN gave notice that he should, at an early day,
ask l-* Te to introduce a bill making appropriations to continue
the Cumberland Road in the Slates ol Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois.
Mr BARNARD gave notice thai he would, at an early day,
ask leave to introduce a Ml making an appropnauon for the
continuance of the improvement  in ins Hudson river.                ,
Mr. BLACK, from the Select Committee on Printing, by uni-
versal consent reported a rasotation extending the tune for that
ctoinMIs* w repon, to the 24th of March; which was read and
sgisedto.
Mr.  WISE, by permission, presented a memorial from
.hartos Feodenck, proooanc to
at a lea rate than at I
Charles Feodenck, proposing to execute the pnnungof maps
itpreaenidone; which waa referred to tí 
Select Committee on Printing.
Petitions being in order to-day,
The SPEAKER called the roll for that parpóse, commencing
with the Territory of Iowa; when
Mr. W W. CHAPMaN, m accordance with previous notice
given, and bypernusnon, introduced a bill to anhonxe the Pre-
sident of the United States to cause certain mineral lands to be
sold; which waa twice read, and committed to the Committee
on the Public Lands.
Mr. C. siso gave notice that he would, at the proper time, ask
hive to introduce «bill to establish certain post routes m lows,
and for the discontinuance of others.
(Mr Chapman of lows presented the petitions of the inha-
bitants of Toolsboroagh, Iowa Territory, for the redaction of
postage. Memorial  from the Legislative Assaembly of the
Territory of Iowa. For the survey of the harbor at Dubuque.
For a turnpike road from the city of Burlington to Fairfield,
in Jefferson county referred to the Committee on Ronde arid
Canals. For the settlement of the Dubuque land claim refer-
red to the Committee on Private Land Claims. For the im-
provement of the Desmotnes rapids- referred to the Committee
of Ways and Mean*. For a post route, referred to the Com-
mittee «a the Post Office and Post Roads For the improvement
of the Territorial road on the Desmomes river. For a mili-
tary road from fort Madison to the proposed military post on
the Desmomes river referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs. For improving mail roads referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canals. For the improvement of certain roads
For a road from Keokock, by West Point and Mount Pleasant:
referred to the.Commiitee on Roads and Canals. For a road
from Iowa city to Prame du Chien, and from Dubuque to toe
county seat of Delaware: referred to the Committee on Roads
and Canals. For land at ths seatof Government referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands. Petitions for post routes from
KnoxviUe, Illinois, to Iowa city; referred to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads. Petitions for a mail route from
BloomingWfi to Manoo,tbe county seat of Linn county Peti-
tions for mail route from Dixon's ferry, in Illinois, by Chaman-
che, in the Territory of Iowa, to Iowa city. For post route from
Dubuque to Iowa city. For a post route from Black Hawk, by
Grandnew and Fredonia, to Iowa city: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads Of the inhabitants of
Louisa county, in the Territory of Iowa, for a road from Black
Hawk to Iowa city referred to the Committee on Roads and
Canals Of Maryland Jones, praying the repeal ol a certain act
of the Lsgislauve Assembly of Iowa. Of the county commis-
sioners of Johnson county, praying to be permuted to enter the
quarter section upon which the seat of justice of said county is
located: retened to the Committee en the Public Lands. Of Jo-
seph Williams and C A. Warfield, praying a donation of land
to aid them in making a road referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. Of the inhabitants of Iowa, waving Con-
gress to confirm the title to the land npon which the seat of
Government is located.)
Mr POPE, on leave, introduced a bill to aid the Territory to
complete the penitentiary in the Territory of Iowa; which was
read twice, and committed.
By Mr. DOTY of Wisconsin.
Mr. D also, in accordance with notice previously given, and
on leave, introduced a bill concerning equity courts; which was
res I twice, and committed.
Br Mr. DOWNING of Florida
Mr. D gave notice that he would, at a proper time, ask leave
to introduce a bill for the relief of those persons who had their
property destroyed by the Indians ia Florida.
By Mr CRAB Y of Michigan.
By Mr. CROSS of Arkansas.
By Messrs. MILLER and JAMESON of Missonn.
IMfcMixij  presented tiie petition of Wilson P. flunl, pray
ing Congtesa to confirm to him a certain tract or piece of land
the em mentioned and described, referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims. The petmon of Messrs. Collier and Pe-
tura of Missouri, praying the passage of a law for their relief,
reimbursing the amount of a draft, etc purchased by them
of Wm. 3 Ewing, and drawn by him on the Government ot the
United States relerredto the Committee ol Claims The peti-
tion of James S Evans aad Co praying the passage of a law
remunerating them for losses sustained in a contract entered
into by them, for furnishing beef and other supplies lor the u-e
ol the emigrating C lerokeo Indians' referred to the Committee
of Claims The petmon of Charles Philips, and others, asking
the establishment of a post road from the town ol Herman to
Heath's store, in Gasconade county, Missouri- relerred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Pos. Roads. Also, tho affi-
davit of John Buland, in support of the claim of Wm. Nicho-
las of Missouri, for horses lost by him in the service of the
United Stales referred to the Committee of Claims, to which
committee his petition and papers have heretofore been pre-
sented.}
[Mr JAMESON presented the petition of sundry citizens of
Missouri, praying that a special pre-emption be granted to liar
vy and Hiram Beach toa cer Ain quarter section of land therein
mentioned upon Ins motion, relerred to the Committee On
Private Land Claims Also a petition of the Agricultural So-
ciety, prayings grant of a quantity of land theiein mentioned
for the establishment of a college lor the promotion ef agricul-
ture referred to the Committee on Public Lands Also, aped.
tien of Thomas H Noble, asking pay for furnishing Fort Lea-
venworth wrh coal, under s contract made with Thomas
Swords, Quartermaster United States Army. Also, an appli-
cation of Geueral Gladevly for a special pre-emptio moved
that it be referred, together with the papers now on file in tela
tion thereto, to the Committee on Private Land 0 latins referred.
Also, an application ot Thomas Talbot, asking remuneration for
certain depredations commuted on his pro|>erty by the Pawnees
moved that it be referred, together with the papers on file in re-
lation thereto, to the Committee of Claims ]
By Messrs. CRABB, CHAPMAN, and LEWIS, of Ala-
bama.
[Mr. Cram gave notice that he would, at an early day, ask
leave to introduce a bill to establish certain post routes in the
State of Alabama, and for the discontinuance of others.)
By Messrs STEWART, CASEY, and REYNOLDS, of II-
linois. -
[Mr. Rxtnolm presented various memorials and petitions,
and had them referred to the proper committees, viz —A peti-
tion for a mail route from Edwardsville, by the marine and
highland, to Shoach creek, in the State of Illinois A memo-
rial from the citizens of Cahohia, in said State, praying that
part of the commons attached to the village of Cahohia be sold
for the use of schools for said village. A lettef of Capt Ander-
son, of the United States Army, exhibiting the outline of an
asylum for the old and war worn soldiers, and the manner for
providing for the construction of the same- this letter was or-
dered to be printed. For the improvement of the Rapids on the
Mississippi. The resolutions of the General Assembly of Illi-
nois, stating the consent of the States to locate the National road
in said State, to pasa the river Mississippi at Alton, and at no
other point. Also, a memorial for pre-emption rights to actual
■ettlets on the public lands.)
By Messrs. BROWN and THOMPSON, of Mississippi.
Bv Messrs. RtRlDEN, CARR, SMITH, DAVIS, and
WICK, of Indiana.
[Mr Car  ptesested a joint resolution from the General As
rembly ofthe State of Indiana, requesting their Senators aad
Representatives in Congress to use their influence to procure
an act of Congress to grant to Peter Houston such portion ofthe
refuse lands lying east of Indianapolis State road, leading
from Indianapolis to Bloominston, on the east side of Beanblos
som, in the rounty of Monroe, in said State, which may be unen-
tered, and has been in market for twenty years, as will be a rea-
sonable compensation for his services ia the Revolutionary
war; which, on his motion, was relerred to the Committee on
the Publis Lands Also, a joint resolution from the General
Assembly of Indiana, on the subject of a mail route, therein
named, which, on his motion, was referred to the Committee on
the Pest Office and Post Roads Also, a joint resolution from
the General Assembly of Indiana, soliciting Congress for a grant
of two townships of land, for the construction and support of
an asylum for the education of deaf mutes and blind persons,
which, on his motion, was relerred to the Committee on the
Public Lands. Also, the petition of Jacob Haas, praying Con-
gress to pass an act to confirm to him certain lands, in said pe-
tition described, referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims}
Mr CARR said he had received a memorial from a com
mutee, composed of highly respectable individuals, the organ
of a meeting of the citizens ofthe Town of .leffersonville, me-
morializing Congress on a subject in which the West, and he
believed he might say the whole West, fell a deep interest. It
was to increase the lacilities of navigation at the Falls of the
Ohio; and to do this, the best mode, in the opinion of the me-
morialists, would be to construct a canal around the falls on the
Indiana s ds, sufficiently large to pass the largest class of steam-
boats on the Wester i waters It was well known that the facility
of navigation at that point, now, is such that the larger class of
steamboats have been detained above the falls for nearly a year at
a. time, and also large boats belonging above the falls have been
detained as long below the falls, this detention is the cause
of great loss and injury, not only to the owners of these
boats, but to the commerce of the country. The memorialists
do not oppose the purchase ofthe mdi vidual stock in the Lou-
isville and Portland canal by the Government, yet while they
acquiesce in that meaaute, they strongly and very forcibly urge
the propriety, utility, and, he might add, the absolute necessity,
of constructing a canal around the falls ofthe Ohio, on the Indi-
ana shore; and the ground assumed is the incapacity ofthe pre-
sent canal to afford facilities which the increased and increasing
commerce ofthe countiy seems to demand; and taking in consi
deration the great and growing increase of ihe trade and com-
merce of the whole West, the time is near at hand when the
canal, however large, will not be sufficient to do all the business
which will require tobe done, without great delay, and much
loss and Injury.
To prove this, Mr. C. said H was only necessary tosíate a
fact. The number of boats which passed through the canal
in 1839, it estimated at between twenty and twenty-five hundred,
with a tonnage amounting to 300,000; that the number of boats
which passed in the year 1831, was a little upwards «f eight
honored, with a tonnage of 76,323.   Thus it will be seen that
the increase of boats in 1P39, is nearly equal to 200 per cent
and in the tonnage more than 200 per cent. Then calculating
on an equal increase of the tiade and commeice lor many
years to come, with that ot the few years past, and it will be
bu; a very few yeas until there will be more than six thousand
boats pass the falls of the Ohio in one year, ascending andde
cending.
Mr. C sa'd this was a matter of great importance to the
Western people, that it was a subject in which twelve of the
States of this Union were directly interested, and that it was
a subject which must and would, lie had no doubt, and that,
too, at no distant day, be re>-pecifully considered by Congress
From the importance ofthe subject, he won d moatlrt spectfu fly
ask that the memorial be pruned he theielore moved that the
memoral lie referred to the Committee on Roads and Canals,
and thai it be printed, and it was so ordered
litfr DavisoI Indiana, presented the petition of John John
son, for a pension, accompanied by hiB discharge    The pen
uonof Hannah Ruble, for payment of a certain amountof con
tinenta) money in her possession.   A joint resolution of the
Legislature of Indiana, asking for public lands (or a Deaf and
Dumb Asylum.   A petition for a mail route from Carlisle to
Springville, Indiana    A petition for a change in a mail route
from Terre Haute lo Springville, Indiana 1
By Messrs CIIINN audit. GARLA>D of Louisiana
By Messrs C MORRIS, J W ALLEN, SlAuKWEATH
ER, DUNCAN, MASON, DOAN, SWKARINGEN, BOND,
GOODE, TAYLOR, LEADBtlTLR, bWEENEY, and
RIDGEWAV, of Ohio
By Messrs BELL, GENTRY, CAMPBELL, CARTER, and
J L WILLIAMS of Tennessee
By Messrs POPE. GRAVES, UNDERWOOD, I10YD,
BITLER, TR1PLCTT, anil ANDREWS, ol Kentucky
By Messrs PICKENS, SUMPTER, and CAMPBELL, of
South Carolina
By Messrs CONNOR, L. WILLIAMS, FISHER, DEBER
RI.McKAY, GRAHAM, and  STANLY, of North Carolina
[Mr Connor presented the petition of Isaac Holland and
others, Irom Lincoln county, North Carolna, in favor of the
Sub-Treasury, and agaiifeta Bank ofthe Untied States ]
By Messrs. CRAlG, Wl«E, TALIAPERRO, BANKS,
8TEENROD, BEIRNE.ILUCAS, HOLLEMAN, and HILL of
Virginia.
By Messrs JENIFER, W C JOHNSON, P F THOMAS,
CARROLL,and HILLEN of Miryland
By Messrs LEBT,PA\.\Tr.R,.10IIN DAVIS, PETRIK1N,
edward dav1es,marchand, henry, cooper, ed
wards, james, toland, newhard, Hammond,
KEIM.S. W MORRIS, BEATTY, IGALBRAITH, WaGE-
NER, HOOK, GERRY, BIDDLE, RAMSEY, and FOR-
JSANCEof Pennsylvania.
I Mr Leet of Pennsylvania presented the petition of Alexander
Htll, of Washington county, Pennsylvania, praying for a pen-
sion, with an accompanying document leferred to me Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions Also, the petition ol sundry citizens of
Washington county, Pennsy It aula, praying for the establish-
ment of a mail rouie from Steubenrille, Ohio, by the way of
Elderville, and CrossCreeek Village, to Washington, Pennsyl-
vania, referred to the Committee on the Poet Office and Post
Roads. Also, two several petitions of sundry inhabitants of Jef-
f rson county, Ohio, and ol Ohio rounty and Brooke county,
Virginia, praying for the establishment of a mail route from
Steubenville, Ohio, via Eldersville and Cross Creek Village, to
Washington, Pennsylvania referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Raods Also, three several petitions
signed by a large number of citizens of Pennsylvania and Vir-
ginia, praying for the passage of a law establishing a direct mad
route frem Pittsburgh, in Pennsylvania, to Morgantown, in Va.
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Also, presented the petition of sundry inhabitants of Washing-
ton county, Pennsylvania, praying for the establishment of a
cross mail route from Canonsburgh, in said county,via Tliomp-
sonville, Bowerhill, Fenly ville, and Muntown, to the poet office
McCullough'a store, on the Washington and Bedford turnpike
road.
Mr. L. said, in presenting the memorial, he would take occa-
sion to remark that Canonsburgh, one of the points mentioned
in the petition, is the «lie of a very respectable and flourishing
literary institution, known by the name ol the Jeflersun col-
lege, and that the proposed mail route will also connect with
the Bedford turnpike road, which leads to Washington, iheseat
of the Washington college, a highly respectable and useful in-
stitution referred to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads 1
Mr. LEET said he had in his hand two memorials, signed by
citizens of Washington county, Pennsylvania, and who reside
principally in a section of that county, which borders on the
Northwestern part of Virginia, remonstrating against the an-
nexation of Texas to the United States Mr L remaiked he
did not suppose the memorials came within the rule of the
House, relating to Abolition petitions The petition waa read,
and Mr. L moved to refer it to the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs, but, on motion of Mr PtTRIKlN, it was laid on the table
[Mr. .1 Davis presented the pelitinnof Hannah Duffield of
Philadelphia county, Pennsylvan-a, widow ol Jacob Duffield,
a soldier of the late war, who died in the service of the United
States, praying Congie^s to grant her a pension referred to
the Committee on Pensions The petition of John H. ADderson
and 47 others, citizens of Bucks county, Pennsylvania, praying
Congress to lay a duty on imported silks, from Daniel Byrne*
and Ü1 others, citizens of Bucks county, Pennsylvania; from Jo-
seph Johnson and 30 others, citizens of Pennsylvania, from
JohnH Gordon and 47 others, citizens of Bucks county, Penn-
sy Irania; all of which were referred to the Committee on Manu-
factures ]
[By Mr S W. Morris from citizens of Bradford and Tioga
counties, for a poet road from Rutland, in Tioga county, to Ed-
salsville, in Bradford county; from citizens of Sullivan and Rut-
land townships for a post route from Daggett's Mills to Mains-
burg, in Tioga county; for a post road from Eagle Factory, in
Susquehanna county, to Warren, in Bradford county; the peti-
Hon of 45 qualified voters of Asylum, Bradford county, Penn-
sylvania, praying that the rule relative to reception of petitiors,
«e on the subiect of the abolition of slavery, adopted on the
28th January, 1840, be rescinded ]
[Mr Hsnby of Pennsylvania presented the following peti-
tions The petition of a number of citizens of Mercer country,
Sraying lor the establishment of a post route from the town of
lercer, Mercer county, Pennsylvania, to the village of Middle-
sex, in said county; the petition of a number of the citizens of
Bearer county, prayiDg Congress to lay a duty on all foreign
