278
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
committee were prepared to report in a short time after an
examination of the same, and that it could have come to no
other conclusion, whatever the delay, than that the Democratic
claimants were entitled to hold seats under the resolution adopt-
ed by the House.             .
The morning hour expired before Mr. B. concluded his able
defence of the committee.    It will be published hereafter in
full.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES,
The House went into Committee of the Whole on the slate of
the Union, Mr. Dawson in the chair, and took up
THE TREASURY NOTE HILL.
Mr. CUSHING, who was still entitled to the floor on this bill,
resumed his remarks in a general review of the policy of the
past and   present Administrations, which lie  argued   had a
blighting effect upon the commerce of the country.    He ex-
amined   the question   of   currency   in   i's   most   extensive
range,   showing   how   far   the   circulating   medium   ope-
rated  to  increase  and  lessen   the value 01  the products of
labor, denying that the reduction of such   value   would   be
a prstper policy, under existing circumstances, or would be
beneficial to the nation, with reference to its lntei course with
foreign nations.   He went into a long argument to shew that
specie was not the representative of value, or of property, but
conM be considered in no other light than as constituting a part
of ths property of the country, and was as much a merchanta-
ble commodity as any other anide, and fluctuated tn value in
proportion as the demand was to the supply.    He believed that
a reduction of the curren«y, and a consequent reduction in labor,
and the product of labor, would depi ive the laboring classes of
the luxuries imported from  foreign countries, such as silks,
coffee, teas, etc. on the ground that those articles would main-
tain their present prices throughout the world, without regard
to the circulating medium of this country—whether it be great
or amaM.
Mr. C. was opposed to an enlargement of the powers of the
General • wernment, and that the only security fit the interests
of the States and the liberties of the people, was by the pioper
maintenance of the sovereignty of the States. He was in fa-
vor of a change of the tenure of the office of President. He
desired no advantage to the productive interests of the East, at
the expense of the interests of the Siuili and the West, but was
in favor of such legislative action as would best protect every
ir.te est of the nation; and that he should always look to the
trie interests of the country, without regard to parly.
Mr. C. dwelt at some length on the causes of ihe increase in
the expenditures during the past and present Administrations,
con ending that such inciease was not chargeable to ihe Oppo-
sition; and in proof of that fact said that the p licy of the late
Administration party was to exhaust the surplus revenues, by
heavy appropiiaiions to na-ional objects; and that of the party
with which he acted was to limit them, by proper restrictions,
for the purpose of increasing the amount for distribution
among the Slates. He said he did not complain of those large
appropriations, for he had voted for the most of them himself,
and believed them necessary. They weie also justified by the
organ of the Administration in that House at the time. Mr. C.
having concludedhisremarks, (which will be published here-
after,)
Mr. KING obtained the floor, and, on his motion, the com-
mittee rose, reported progress, mid asked leave to sit again.
On motion of Mr. MITCHELL,
The House then adjourned.
House of Representative ,
17th March, 1840.
Qsntlsm«N: My attention has been called to your paper of
the 6th mm. I perceive in a part of Mr. Bynum's speech,
upon the euhject of Abolition, the following sentence, which
does me groes injustice, no doubt unintentional, as I am in-
formed it Is a misprint. The sentence is in ihe following words:
''Sir I am ready to admit I am, unlike the honorable member
from Virginia,[Mr. Banks,1 wliodeclarediheotherday that he
did not believo thattheie were twenty Abolitionists on this floor,
ahhiugh it isa very different sentiment from what has hereto-
fore fallen from that wng of the party." You will makethe cor-
rection in both of your papers. I presume the member alluded
to is a colleague of mine.
Your , lespectfully,
LINN BANKS.
Messrs Blair and Rives.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, March 18,1840.
The CHAIR submitted a report of the Secretary of the Trea-
sury, made in obedience to a resolution of the Senate, in rela-
tion io the imports and exports of gold and silver coin and bul-
lion: which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the memorial of Bliss and
Creighton, chronometer manufacturers, of the city of New
York, praying the adoption of measures for the encouragement
qf the manularture of chronometers in the United States;
Which wa« referred to theCommittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HUBBARD presented i lie memorial of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Wisconsin, praying a donation of
public land, to beapplied to the establish i.ent of manual labor
schools in that Territory; which was referred to the Committee
on the Pub'ic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. also presented the memorial of the Legislative Assem-
bly oftheTerritory of Wisconsin, praying a donation of public
land for the,improvement of the navigation of the Neena, Wis-
consin, Rock, Peekatomc, Platte, anil Four Lake Rivers; and
also an aopropriation for removing the bar at the mouth of
Grand river, in that Territory; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, arid ordered to be printed.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the following motion for consi-
deration; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to fur-
nish to the Senate copies of such parts of the correspondence
of the Department in relation to the construction of steam ships
of war as he may regard as proper for publication, and useful
for public information.
Mr SOUTHARD also submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to in-
form the Senate, 1, What are th  rank and commission which
Lieutenant Charles Wilkes, jr. arid LieutenantWilliam L. Hud-
eon, now hold in the naval service of the United Sutes; '¿Whe-
ther the «aid officers, or either of them, received from the De-
partment or otherwise, before they left the United Statts, any
other commission or authority as naval olTtcers,or in any other,
pai in wuatraspsct «r character, than m lieutenant* in the na-
vy; 3, Whether the Department has information that either, or
both, of said officers have, since their departure from the United
States, assumed and used any other, and what, uniform or flag
above that of lieutenant, or lieutenant commanding, and if they
have, by what right or authority the same has been done.
Mr. YOUNG, from th- Committee on Roads and Canals, to
which was referred the bill granting to the Mississippi and,Rock
River Canal Company a portion ol the public lands for the pur-
poses therein mentioned, reported it withoutamendment.
The bill for the relief of Captain Snodgrass's company of
mounted volunteers was read a third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of Lemuel White, was ordered to be en-
Atter the consideration of Executive business,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 18, 1840.
Mr. PETER D. VROOM, Representative from the State of
New Jersey, appeared, qualified, and took his seat.
On motion of Mr. Mr. TILLINGHAST, the resolution adopt-
ed by the Legislature of Rhode Island, in relation to the public
lands, was taken from the Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands.
The CHAIR announced that the business first in order was
the resolution reported from the Committee of Elections by
Mr. Campbell, their chairman, proposing to print all the testi-
mony connected with the New Jersey contested election; and
the amendment of Mr. R. Garland of Louisiana, to print
other testimony referred to that committee, subsequent to its
report.
Mr. BROWN of Tennessee, a member of the Committee of
Elections, being entitled to the floor on this question, spoke in
continuation of his remarks on yesterday, and in reply to the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Jenifer.] He concluded, from
tie remarks of that gentleman, that it was his purpose to create
the impression before the country that the committee had trans-
cended its duties «ridar the standing rules of the House. Mr.
B. read the resolution referring the subject to the committee, by
which he showed that the committee had, to the letter, complied
with the requirements of the House, and had not transcended to
the least degree its powers. Mr. B. in reply to Mr. Jenifer's
charge, that the committee had not considered the credentials of
the Governor, said, and showed by the reading of the journal,
that they were considered; that the certificates were twice read
and fully investigated, and the parlies fully heard on the mat-
ter; yet the gentleman has, by his remarks, sent the impression
abroad that the committee had reported without such investiga-
tion. The gentleman from Maryland had, said Mr. B. fur-
ther charged that the committee had not considered the
testim ny before making the report as to what set of
claimants had a majority of the lawful votes; in proof that the
charge was wiihout foundation, he read from the journal of the
committee, showing that the testimony was taken up and con-
sidered, on the resolution offered by Mr. Borrs of Virginia, as
follows:
Resolved That we will now take up the testimony which
has been referred to the committee in the case of the New Jer-
sey question.
Mr. B. then read from pages 74,75, 76,78,79,81,83, 84, 85,
86,87, 83, and 89, of the same journal, portions of the record,
showing the fact that under this resolution the testimony was
taken up, and read, and discussed, and that the parties were
heard on the same. He read from the journal, «n page 89, the
entry, "and no further evidence being before the committee,"
on a resolution introduced by Mr. Borrs, the committee pro-
cerded to other business, &c.
The gentleman from Maryland, said Mr. B. made the charge
that the committee had given a solemn pledge othe parties who
had been sent home to take testimony, that it would not make a
report until their return, and that it had violated that pledge by
making a report in their absence. Mr. B. read from the 127th
page of the journal of the committee the resolution, showing,
conclusively, that the partres had been notified that the com-
mittee reserved to itselfthe rigiit to make a preliminary report
at any time it thought proper tn do so. He showed, also, that
the parties were present after the resolution had been intro-
duced into ihe House requiring the committee to make a preli
minary report.
Mr. B. was going into an examination of the other charges of
Mr. Jenifer, and into a history of the proceedings of the com-
mittee, when he wasinterruptrd by
Mr. J. W. JONES, who said that the morning hour had ex-
pired, and called fur the orders of the day.
Before passing to which, however,
The SPRAKER laid before the House a communication from
the War Department, enclosing a report from the Chief En-
gineer, incompliance with resolution of 2Eth February, 1839,
showing what injury was done the property of Joseph H.
Walters, in consequence of the improvements on Cape Fear
river, North Carolina; which was read, and appropriately re-
foned.
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, in compliance
with a resolution of the House, showing the probable amount
of claims against the United States, glowing out of the Florida
war; which was.
On motion of Mr. L. WILLIAMS, referred te the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Treasury Department, in
compliance with a resolution of the 28th January, 1S39, en-
closing a statement of the amount of compensation, whether
as fees or otherwise, which has been received by each district
attorney, district clerk, and marshal, of the United States, dur-
ing the year 1839; which was appropriately referred.
On motion of Mr. CUSHING, the House then resolved itself
into a Committee of the WhoIe|on the state of the Union (Mr.
Dawson in Chair.) and took up
THE TREASURY NOTE BILL.
Mr. KING said it was known to every citizen of the United
States that Treasury notes had now become a part of the curren-
cy of the country. He said ihe power to issue bills of credit
was not given by the Constitution, but was actually withheld by
the convention which formed the Constitution. Mr. K. said that,
instead of relieving the country, Treasury notes embarrassed it.
Whenever a bank br capitalist chooses to invest capital in these
notes, the operation withdraws so much currency from circula-
tion, and banks are obliged to refuse their customers so as to
accommodate this great beggarly creditor—the Government.
Instead of this being a measure of relief, it was turning the
screw once more around. Mr. K. read from President Jack-
son's message portions of it to pi ove that a deep laid policy of a
Government bank originated with ths "Hero of Orleans," and
also read extracts from President Van Buren's late annual mes-
sage to prove that he also was in favor of a great bank, founded
upon the revenues of the Government. He denounced the Sub-
Treasury and Treasury note bill as a part of the scheme to
bring about such a establishment. He contended that the spe-
cie clauses of the first named bill would be found to be impract-
Mr. K. concluded by condemning the effect which ho be-
lieved would result from the establishment of the Independent
Treasury, and its tendency to reduce the price of the lands of
the West and all the productions of the country; and said the
people had been cheated, deluded, and deceived, in respect to
the cry of ^separation of Bankand State.
Mr. K. then offered as a substitute for the Treasury Note
bill, a bill authorizing a loan of five millions of dollars at a
rate of interest.
Mr. BOND followed in opposition to the issue of Treasury
notes, and in a general attack on the policy of the past «nd
present Administrations; but before concluding his remarks,
gave way to
Mr. UNDERWOOD, on whose motion the committee rose,
reported progrese, and asked leave to sit again.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then moved that the House adjourn;
on which
Mr. LEWIS demanded the yeas, and nays; which were or-
dered, and were—yeas 38, nays.56; no quorum voting.
Several motions were then made for calls of the House and
for adjournment, on which the yeas and nays having been or-
dered, were withdrawn, when,
Mr. PROFF1T moved that the House adjourn, and demanded
the yeas and nays on the motien; which not being ordered,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, March 19,1840.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the memorial of a number of
citizens of Oswego, in the State of New York, praying the
passage of a bankrupt law; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. T. gave .notice that, on some future day, he would ask
leave to bring in a bill establishing a general bankrupt law.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of a number of citi-
zens of Brooklyn, N Y. praying the passage of a bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the petition of inhabitants
of the counties of Jefferson and Belmint, Ohio, praying an in-
crease of the duiies on foreign silks; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
which was referred the claim of James H. Clark, reported a
bill for his relief; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. TAPPAN also, from'the same committee, reported a bill
granting a pension to Jacob Greavet; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
On motion by Mr. SMITH of Indiana, the bill to arrange the
circuits of the Federal courts, was taken up, and Mr. S. sub-
mitted a substitute for the bill; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obained leave to introduce a bill to provide compensation for
injuries to property committed by marauding Indians; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
Mr. MOUTON, from the Committee on Privat! Land Claims,
to which was referred the bill confirming the claim of John
Biptiste Lecompte to a tract of land in Louisiana, reported the
same without amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, to
which was referred the petition of John Nantz, made an ad-
verse report thereon; which was ordered to be primed.
Mr. LINN, agreeably to notice, asked and obtained leave to
introduce a bill for the relief of Reuben E. Gentry, William
Monroe, and others; which was read twice, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. L. «submitted the following resolution; which was
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims bo
instructed to inquire into the expediency of confirming to
William Triplett his claim to a certain tract of land in the St.
Louis land district in the State of Missouri.
Mr. LUMPKIN submitted the following motion:
Resolved, That during the remainder of the present session
of Congress, the daily meetings ef the Senate shall commence
at 11 o'clock, a. m. until otherwise ordered.
Mr. NORVELL submitted the following motion; which was
considered anil agreed to.
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of re-establishing a military
post at Detroit, and of erecting barracks and constructing fort',
fications far the protection of the same; for improving the forts
at Gratiot, Mackinac, the Sault St, Marie, and Green Bay.
The resolution submitted yesterday by Mr. Southard was
agreed to.
~The bill for the relief of Lemuel White was read a third
time, and passed.
The bill to provide for the payment of damages sustained br
individuals in the wars with the Indian tribes since 1830, was
ordered tobe engrossed for a third reading.
The Senate then went into Executive session, and aftarwarda
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday. March 19,1S40.
Mr, PARMENTERIaid before the House other testimony In
relation to the contested election of Massachusetts: which was
referred io the Committee of Elections.
The CHAIR announced that the business flr6t in order was
the resolution reported from the Committee of Elections by
Mr. Campbell, their chairman, proposing to print all the testi-
mony connected wiih the New Jersey contested election; and
the amendment of Mr R. Garland of Louisiana, to print
other testimony referred to that committee, subsequent to its
report.
Mr. BROWN of Tennessee, a member of the committee, be-
ing still entitled to the floor on the above question, spoke in
continuation of his remarks of yesterday. The burden of the
remarks of the gentleman fmm Maryland, (Mr. Jenifer,] it
geemed to him, was, that this mysterious package, this new
evidence, was not read before the commutes.   That evidence,
