284
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
this House, at as early a day as practicable, of the causes and the
extent of the detention of the mail and of the irregularity of its
conveyance between Wheeling, in the Slate of Virginia, and
Bridgeport, in the State of Ohio, and also his opinion as to the
best means for remedyiugjhe evil.
On monon of Mr  W. THOMPSON,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of furnishing to Mr.
John W. Cochran such facilities as will enable him to construct
and malee a full experiment ol the capabilities. of his bomb
cannon.
On motion of Mr. DAWSON,
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be instructed to
examine into the present laws regulating the compensation of
the volunteer soldiers for horses lost in the various campaigns
against the Indians since 1830, and report what amendments
are necessary to be made to secure fair and liberal justice to the
unfortunate soldier who may have lost his property whilst in
the service of his country.
On motion of Mr. SWENEY,
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to commu-
nicate to this House all the information in the possession of the
War Department relating to the progress, if any, that has been
made by Qjvernment in effecting a treaty with the Wyandot
tribe of Indians, for (he purchase of their lands in Crawford
county, Ohio, and their ultimate removal west of the Missis-
sippi river; and whether a farther appropriation will not be re-
quired to effect that object.
On motion of Mr. ALI.EN of Ohio,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law for
the erection of soldiers' barracks at Cleveland, in the State of
Ohio, and for the purchase of land necessary therefsr.
On motion of Mr. BEIRNE,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing a post route from Colesmoulh, Kenawha couniy, Vir-
ginia, to Louisa, in the State of Kentucky.
On motion of Mr. DOAN,
Resolved, That the Committee on Private Land Claims be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of a reissue of land
Warrants No. 1161, for 300 acres, issued on the 21st of Februa-
ry, 1826, in the name of James Erwin and other heirs at law of
Joseph Erwin, which said wairant is lost.
On motion of Mr. HAND,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of establish-
ing apost route from Elizabethtown to Moriah, In the State of
New York.
On motion of Mr. EVANS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting a pen-
sion to Margaret Mclnlire.
On motion of Mr. CLARK,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
do inquire into the propriety of granting a pension, in confor-
mity to the provisions of the late act of Congress, to Esther
Honeywell, widow of Matthias Honeywell, late a pensioner of
the United States.
On motion of Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS,
Resolved, That the Comm ttee on Revelutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of allowing the
heirs of Dr. Samuel Kennedy interest on the Ave years' half
pay granted to his heirs by an act o! Congress passed iu the
year 1832.
On motion of Mr. CROCKETT,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency ofestab ish-
inga post route from Dresden, Tennessee, to Boysville, near
the Kentucky line, in Weakly county, in said State.
On motion of Mr. BELL
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to lay be-
fore this House, with as little delay as possible, cepies of all
orders and instructions issuid from the Department to any offi-
cer ofthe army, or to any agent of the Government, requiring
his interference with the Cherokee Indians in the formation of
a Government for the regulation of their own internal affairs,
not inconsistent with Ihe Constitution and laws of the United
States, or with any existing treaty; also, copies of all instruc-
tions to any officer or agent of the Government, prescribing
any particular form of government for the adoption of said In-
dians, and interdicting any other form.
Mr. TURNEY submitted the following, which was adopted:
Whereas the claims of the Tennessee volunteers for horses
loit in the service of the United States in Flori la, have been on
file in the office ofthe Third Auditor ofthe Treasury for his ad-
judication and payment for some twenty-two months past; and
whereas every exertion has been made by the said claimants to
procure the action of said Auditor or said claims, in order that
that they mightobtain their justdues from the Government, but
without effect; and whereas many of said claimants, with a large
number of their fellow-citizens of Tennessee, have forwarded to
the Presidsnt ofthe United States their petitions, briefly stating
the nature and character of their claims, the great delay, or, in
fact, a total denial of justice by thus refusing to either al-
low or reject said claims, and thereby to enable the claimants,
in the event of the rejection, to appeal to Congress lor rebel',
and for this palpable dereliction of duly, prayinghis removal
from office; and whereas said claimants having exhausted all
the means in their power to coerce the action of said Auditor
on said claims without effect; and whereas said claimants are
petitioning the Congress of the United States for the passage of
some law providing for the payment of said claims during the
present session, which is likely to pass by without the final
action of said Auditoi in time for the claimants to apply for
and obtain relief during the present session; therefore,
Resolved, That said Auditoi forthwith dispose of said claims,
by either allowing or rejecting them, and that the Secretary of
War be instructed to superintend said Auditor,and see that he
faithfully discharges the duties herein required.
Mr. TILLINGJÍAST called up the joint resolutions for ex-
aminations and surveys in Narragansctt bay, Rhode Island,
with a view to a naval depot, and for a report ofthe result from
the Secretary ofthe Navy, with such views and opinions as he
may deem important, which resolutions were laid over from the
last resolution day, under the rule, and which he now moved to
have printed and referred to a Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union, stating that the gentleman on whose
objection they were laid over, [Mr. Bbatty,] had consented to
withdraw hi  objection.
Mr. PBTRWIN objected to the resolutions being called up
for debate «tow time, but not to the reference,
The resolutions were referred, and ordered to be printed, ac-
cording to the motion.
CUMBERLAND ROAD, &c.
Mr. RARIDEN, pursuant to notice, asked leave to introduce
a lull making appropriations fur the continuation ofthe Cum-
berland road through Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. Mr. R.
said, in asking leave to introduce this hill, he did it in good
faith, and hoped the vote would be given in the same spirit.
There could (he said) be no propriety in granting the leave, if
the same is only to result in the consumption of time by a
protracted and exciting discussion, without the design finally of
granting the appropriation; he therefore hoped the vote for
leave would indicate the views of the House in regard to the
appropriation proposed by the bill.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to lay the motion for leave on the
table.
Mr. TURNEY (at fifteen minutes before five) moved an
adjournment; which motion, by yeas 39, nays 83, was re-
jected.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then withdrew his motion to lay the
motion for leave on the table, and objected to leave being
"given."
And the motion for leave, givingrise to debate, was, under the
decision of the Chair, ordered to lie over: when
Mr. RARIDEN moved a suspension ofthe rules for the pur-
pose of considering the motion for leave at this time.
Several motions for adjournment we.e made and with-
drawn
On the suggestion of Mr. CASEY,
Mr. RARIDEN appealed from the decision ofthe Chair, that
the mo ion for leave,giving rise to debate, mustlieover,andaaked
the previous question; which was seconded.
The main question was ordered, being on sustaining the de-
cision of the Chair.
Pending which, on motion of Mr. TURNEY,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, March, 24, 1840.
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial of sundry proprietors
and managers of American steam vessels, on the impolicy and
injustice of certain enactments of the proposed law relating to
steamboats; which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
primed.
Mr. PRESTON presented a memorial of Hiram Powers,
now a resident of the city of Florence, piaving that works of
art executed by Americans in foreign countries m >y be im-
ported free of duty; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. DAVIS presented a memorial of inhabitants ofthe town
ofSippicai, Massachusetts,'prayir.g that it may be made a
port of entry; which was relerred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the memorial of Benjamin Ho-
mans and Alfred B. Claxton, of the city of Washington, pray-
ing that they may be released from the penalty of a certain
bond; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WHITE presented a memorial and joint resolution of
the General Assembly of the Slate of Indiana, a$kmg a further
appropriation for the construction of a harbor at Michigan city;
which was referred to the Committee orf^Commerce, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented a memorial ofthe Legisla-
ture ol Indiana, praying Congress to make an appropriation for
the completion ofthe Cumberland Road; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the Public Lands, to
which the subject was referred, reported a bill authorizing the
inhabitants of section lOsouth, range 1 east,to locate a half sec-
tion of land for school purposes; which was read, and ordered
toasecond reading.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims, to which,-
was referred                                                                       /
The memorial of John W. Thompson, and
The memorial of James Morsan,
made unfavorable reports thereon; which were ordered to
printed.
Mr. H. from the same committee, also reported a hill for yie
relief of Hugh Stewart; which was read, and ordered t^a second
reading.
REFINED SUGAR DRAWBACK.
Mr. BENTON asked the indulgence of the Senate w^le he
should correct an error into which he had fallen a few day ago
in relati >n to the part which a late Senator of the United Slates
had acted in the year 1828, in regard to the drawback on refined
sugar: he spoke of Governor Dickerson of New Jersey. He
had represenied that gentleman, when he opened the subject of
the sugar Ktid rum drawback a lew days ago, as having made
the proposition, and cai ried it through, lo raise the drawback
on refined sugars exported, from four cents to five cents a pound.
On looking over the debate to which that proposition gave rise,
which was in the month December, 1828, he (Mr. B ) found that
it was Gen. Smith, of Maiyland, who made the proposition,
and that Governor Dicker-on was one of those who opposed it,
both by speaking against it and voting against it; arguing that
the additional cent would be a bounty on ihe exportation of the
article, and an enconragementto fraud, such as had taken place
inthe ru'ii andsnuffdrawbacks. Time and events had proved
these opinions were right; and the bill which he (Vtr. B.) had
brought in to reduce drawbacks was intended, among other
things, to correct the erroneous legislation in relation to the
sugar drawback, which commenced in the act of 1828, and was
so greatly aggravated by the compromise act of 1833.
Mr. 13. said it was with some pride that he looked back to his
own course at the time this drawback was raised. He was the
first Senator that spoke against it, and the only speaker against
it on the first day, when he spoke three times. The next day
Governor Dickerson and Mr. Ttzewell spoke against it; but
without being able to arrest the bill, which immediately passed,
and now stands as another monument ol the evils of ha^ty le-
gislation. Although the whole subject was new to him, yet,
Mr. B. said, the report of the debate showsthat he saw the evils
ofthe measure distinctly at that day, and was the first to de-
nounce them; and that every evil came to pass precisely as he
argued that it wou'd. His argument was that this additional on 
e cent per pound on the exportation of refined sugar, would bea
bounty upon its exportation, and an addition to its price at home;
that the manufacturers then had a monopoly of the home «up-
ply of refined sugar in consequence of the duty of twelve centa
per pound on foreign refined sugar; that one cent a pound on [
such an article as sugar, where the dealer could increase his bu-
siness so largely, though small in the detail was enormous in the
aggregate; and must induce the refiners to make enormous ex-
portations. to the injuiy ol the Treasury and of the country;—
to the Treasury on account of the great sums it would uke
from it—and to the country because they would have to pay an
additional price equal to the additional drawback. Mr. B
quoted the words of his speech:
"The effect ofthe bill was to give one cent premium on
every pound of sugar refined and reported. If the refiners
could export at present, the additional bounty (lor he could
look upon it in no otherlight) of one cent, would cause im-
mense shipments, or great and exorbitant profits be exacted."
"While cut offfrom the competition of foreigners by adutyol
twelve cents per pound on imported refined sugars, the refiner
exorbitantly demands a drawback of five cents on the pound.
This was a bold attempt at monopoly, and would soon operate
as a direct bounty."
These were his objections to the act twelve years ago. lie
was answered by General Smith, that "if the bill passed, the
whole average amount of the exportations would only be
«1,007;"—"that 100,000 pounds might be expoited in a year in-
stead of 34,000." Mr. Woodbury, the present Secretary of the
Treasury, concurred with General Smith in his general views,
and stated the drawback that year to be about «2,000 (which
would give about 50,000 pounds for the export,) and supposed
that it might rise to the amount supposed by General Smith.
These were the opinions at the time; and now for the results.
Atable received from the Register of the Treasury (Major
Smith) in answer to an application to him, shows that the
drawback on the export of these refined sugars from 1828, when
the drawback was raised, til 1833, when the compromise act
was passed, was:
In
In
1831
1832
63.688
42,810
1828                  #2,046
1829                  45,092
1870                 84,250
Such was the enormous and nstant increase!
This table shows that the objections to ths bill were well
taken, and have been justified by the event. The drawback
was raised in December, 1828; the next year the amount paid
rose from «2,000 to £45,000; the year after to «84,000; and in
the four years the amount paid fot this drawback was about
«2S0 000; being upwards of double the amount paid on that
head from the foundation ofthe Government up to the year
1828. The whale amount paid for these drawbacks from
1789 to 1828 was about «130,000; the fact of more than
doubling this amount in four years after 1828, proves
that the additional ceut on the drawback was, what it
had been charged to be, a premium out of the Treasury,
and a naked bounty vpon exportation." This was the effect
under the act of 1828; and bad eneugh it was; but then came
the compromise act to reduce the duty on raw sugar, with bi-
ennial reductions, until it will go down to less than one cent
per pound, while the drawback remains at five! The conse-
quence of this new error is another excessive augmentation of
the export of refined sugars, and the drawback payable upon
them. In 1839, this export had actually arrived at upwards of
five millions of pounds per annum, drawing above $250,000
out of ihe Treasury in a single year! and this still on the in-
crease; for the great reductions of duty, and the greatest temp-
tations to export, are yet to come: they come in 1841 and 1842,
and thereafter until the actof 1833 is amended.
Mr. B. then showed the annual increase of drawback on re-
fined sugar, under the compromise act, to be, after it began to
opera e, in 1835:
For 1835,                 «42,829 I For 1t38,                «145,494
1836,                  83 768         1839,                 251,301
1837,                 190,6421
This, he said, was the effect of the act for five yean, and the
five during which its operation was less beneficial to the ex-
porter than it would be hereafter. Proceeding in the same ra-
tio of increase, in three or four years more, when the sugar
duty comes down to 20 per cent, on the value, the fact would
be that ihe whole revenue from sugar would be insufficient to
pay the drawback! At present, the drawback is more than
twice too much: it is one-filth too much under the aci of 1818;
and it is made double too m. ch by the operation of the com-
promise act. During the last year alone, the two acta together
gave the sugar refiners ahout «150,000 more than they ought to
have received. After 1842, if these acts are not altered, these
refiners will receive ahout five times as much as they would be
entitled to under a fair adjustment of the drawback, and, conse-
quently, would increase their exportations until the whole su-
gar revenue would be absorbed in the payment of their draw-
back! He (Mr. B.) in his previous opening speech, had sup-
posed that th i drawback already absorbed the whole sugar re-
venue; but that was an error—an error as to time only; for, af-
ter 1842, the whole of this revenue might actually be absoibed
in that way. The molasses and salt revenue, he had shown,
were to be absorbed in the same way, unless prevented by
timely legislation.
Mr. B. said it had always been considered a dangerous thing
to allow a drawback in a case where an article had passed out
ofthe handsoflhe collector, or had broken bulk, or had changed
its form. Both Mr. Tazewell and Mr. Dickerson spoke of this
danger in 1828, and instanced the famous case of the snuff draw-
back in 1798; and Mr. Tazewell showed the sugar drawback to
be a remnant of the old excise on sugar in 1794, and again during
the late war. By this excise, the sugar refiners paid 4 cents a
pound to the Tteasui y on all the sugar refined by them; and if
they exported any part which had paid th s 4 cents, they drew
it back. At the same time, to enable them to pay this excise,
and to make a better source of revenue, Congress gave them a
monopoly ofthe home market for refined sugars, by putting a
prohibitory duty of 12 cents on the pound on imported refined
sugars. This was the origin of the sugar drawback. The ex-
cise bad long since ceased; but its two children, the monopoly
and the drawback, survived; and this drawback was increased
one-fifth in 1828, and is now doubled under ihe act of 1833, and
will soon be quadrupled, if that act is not altered.
Mr. B. said his only object this morning was to do justice te a
former member of this body, Mr. Dickerson, whom he had
placed on the wrong sido of a most important question; and to
8hewthat that gentleman, and Mr. Tazewell, and he might add
himself, (for he was the first among them to oppose the increaa
ed drawback of 1828) were all right in their opposition to that
measure, and in their predictions of iis effects in stimulating ex-
portations of refjned sugar, and keeping up the price at home,
and draining large sums unduly from the Treasury,
The Senate then went into Executive eesaion;
And. afterward  adjourned,
