286
■ • --■- ■      — ■*««■ -' ■
within the bar. We all know, «aid he, how this state of things
ha* aneen. Gentlemen hare refused to vote, and thus there
appears to be no quorum.
Mr WELLER remarked that it must be well known to every
man in the House, that there was a quorum present; that so
soon as the chairman commenced the count, the Whig mem-
bers generally lea their «eats, and withdrew from the bar, in
order thai a quorum might not be found, and the House com-
pelled to adjourn, and thus postpone the passage of the bill.
The chatrman could not of course count those who had with-
drawn from the bar, but he desued that the country should '
knew the trick resorted to by Whig gentlemen here to prevent
to* presence of a quorum.
The committee then (under the decision of the Chais) rose,
and reported the fact to the House, that there was not a quorum
voting.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
Mr- RICE GARLAND moved an adjournment; and
Mr. SMITH of Maine called for the yeas and nays on that  j
■notion; which were ordered, and, on taking the question, re-
sulted in—yeas 31, nays 95
The House refusing to adjourn, and a quorum voting,
Tne SPEAKER informed the House that a quorum was |
present; and the House again resolved itself into a Committee |
of the whole, Mr Dawson or Georgia lit the chair.
Mr. BARNARD again moved that the committee rise.
Mr. CLIFFORD inquired whether the motion was in order,   '
diere having been no business tiansacted in the committee
anee the last motion torn to rise.
The CHAIR decided that the motion was in order, and the
question was take and decided in the negative—ayes It, noes
SB, the Whig members, generally, refusing to vote.
A quorum not having voted—
Mr. KElM asked for an actual count of the committee. This
was, he thought, complete children's play. There was mani-
festly a quorum present
Mr. PROFF1T said, then, if there is children's play, there can
be a little man's play ttw.
The CHAIR having decided that it was his duty to rise and
report the fact that there was no quorum, without the authority
of ths committee,
Mr. PETRIKIN raised the point of order that he had a right
to demand a count of the members present, and it was the duty
of the Chair to make the count; and on the decision of the
CHAIS ag mst him, appealed from the decision.
Mr CURTIS observed that, as there was no quorum, an ap-
peal could not be in order.
Mr. HOLMES said that was besging the question. What
waa the question before the House] W hethei or not there was
a quorum present; and the gentleman from New York said that
that question could not be taken, because there was no quorum.
That waa the very peiifto principtt of the whole question.           ,
Mr. CURTIS explained                                                               I
Mr. HOLMES said he allowed the gentleman to explain, and   '
his explanation amounted to the same thing that he had belore
advanced    Are we, «aid Mr. H. by this kind of ruse dc guerre
to be deprived of our rights, by gentlemen's refusing to pass b¿-    ;
tween the tellers! What was the decision of the Chaik? It was,   I
that he was obliged to rise and report the fact to the House, that
• quorum had not voted; an appeal was taken, and the ques-
tion was, whether the decision of .he Chaib shall stand.   On
this the gentleman fiom New York said the appeal was not in
order, because there was no quorum.     For the House to sus-   ,
tain this position would be such an absurdity as to subject   i
them to the ridicule of the whole country.
Mr VANDERPOEL read the lSUth rule as applicable to the
question.
Mr. ANDREWS rose to a point of order, and inquired i
whether the question was debatable!                                                :
The CHAIR said that an appeal was debatable.                           I
Mr. VANDERPOEL thought it very important that this    '
question should be settled,   The idea was nut to be tolerated
that the Committee  of the  Whole   was as powerless as
gentlemen seemed to think.   When we see, said Mr V. a majo-   i
rity sitting round ue, can it be pretended that the Chair has not    (
a right to ascertain that majority by a count?   No gentleman   '
could rise m his place and say that there wasnota quorum pre-
sent, when only a moment or two age it was clearly ascertained
that there was one?   There were at least one hundred and sixty
members on the floor when the last vote was taken  Mr. V then
read the ISOth tule of the House
The CH AIR then said that he was called upen by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to ascertain, by an actual count of the
members within the bar, whether theie was a quorum present.
He had ascertained that, under a former decesion of the House,
he had the power to count; but he would observe, that when
he should do so, and announce the result, it was very question-
able whether the members could be compelled to vote. The
CnAlR would then proceed to ascertain, by count, if ¿here was
a quorum within the bar.
Mr. RICE GARLAND. Then we can get outside of the bar;
and Mr. Garland walked out, followed by Messrs. Barnard,
Fillmore, Smith of Connecticut, and Proffit; and the Whigs
generally on the left of the Speaker retreated to the outside of
ths bar—several voices crying, "run boys, run"'
The CHAIR having counted, announced that there were 107
members within the bar.
Mr WELLER. A number of gentlemen have left the bar, to
avoid being counted. I wish that fact to be understood through-
out the country.   {These were Whigs ]
The CHAIRMAN then descended from the cl-.air, and an-
nounced to the House that there was not a quorum present.
Mr. CRAIG moved a call of the House.
Mr. PROFFIT moved that the House adjourn; on which
motion,
Mr WELLER called for the yeas and nays; and the call
having been seconded, the question was taken, and resulted—
jU  &■ nays 98.
Previous te ihe result being announced from the Chair,
Mr. VANDERPOEL announced the fact that the member
from Massachusetts, Mr. Adams, who was in his seat, had re-
fused to vote, and moved that he lie called on to vote.
The CHAIR said that the motion was not no* in order, the
House having, on a former occasion, decided that a motion of
this kind could not be made pending the taking of a vote, and
(lie annunciation of the result.
the SPEAKER said that a quorum being present, the House
■quid again resolve itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Treasury not* bill.
'Tne House having accordingly resolved itself into a Commit-
tee of the Whole,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. BARNARD, without proceeding in his lemarks, again
moved that the committee rise.
Tellers were called for, and Messrs. Graves and Jameson
were appointe 1; who, on countiag the voters passing between
them, reported ayes 26, noes 67.
[The Whigs, subsilentio refused to vote ]
A quorum not voting, the committee rose and reported the
fact to the House.
Mr DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
Mr. BARNARD moved an adjournment
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays on the motion to
adjourn, which having been ordered, the question was taken,
and resulted—yeas 27, nays 90.
On this question many Whigs, and Mr. BARNARD, who
moved the adjournment, did not vote.
The House having refused to adjourn, and it being ascertain-
ed by the vote just taken that there was a quorum present,
The House again resolved itself mto Committee ol the Whole,
and took up the Treasury note bill, Mr Dawson of Georgia in
the chair.
And again finding itself without a quorum, reported the fact
to the House; when
Mr. DUNCAN moved a call ofthe House.
And the yeas and nays having been ordered, the question was
taken, and lesulted—yeas91, nays 21.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania moved that the House ad-
ourn.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered.
Mr COOPER then withdrew his motion.
Mr. PROFFIT renewed it.
Mr. PETRIKIN called fur the yeas and nays.
Mr DAWSON hoped the call ofthe House w«uld not be pro-
ceeded in He thought no good could arise from cont.nuing this
state of things. It was now one O'clock, and the members were
all perfectly exhausted and required rest.
Mr. COOPER of Ga. expressed the hope that *he House
would adjourn; he was in the habit of rising at five o'clock in
the morning and would agree to meet the House at that hour,
but he now required some sleep.
The question was then taken on Mr Propfitt's motion to
adiourn, and decided in the negative—yeas 23, nays 92.
Mr. PETR1KEN here asked if it Was in order to callón gen-
tlemen to vote who were in tbeir seats and declined voting. He
announced the fact that the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Slade] was in his seat when his name was called, and that he
declined votine.
The SPEaKER replied that, under a former decision ofthe
House, a gentleman could not be called on to vote while the
vote was being taken, and before the announcement of the re-
sult After the result Was announced, it was too late to call on
him.                  •
Mr. PETRIKIN appealed from the decision of Hie Chair,
but withdrew his appeal, at the request of his friends
The call of the House was then proceeded with; when it was
ascertained ihat 135 gentlemen answered to their names.
Mr. CASEY observed that it Was now one o'clock, and that
t was obvious that the House Cntlld not force the attendance of
its membeis, so as to act on the bill to-night; and it did seem to
him that the business of the country would be better ptoceeded
with by adjourmne, and commencing ai;am with the business
to-morrow, alter beinf refreshed by rest. Mr. C. then moved
that all further proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. DUNCAN called for the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered.
Mr. McKay proposed a compromise to gentlemen. He
would move that, by general understanding, tile committee be
discharged from all lurther consideration, and that until six
o'< lock to-morrow be allowed for discussion in the House.
Mr. ANDREWS and Mr. PROFFIT objected, and the ques-
tion on the motion was not put.
Mr CASEY withdrew his motion, and, during great disorder
and confusion, the call of the absent members was proceeded
with; after which,
The SPEAKER announced that 146 members had answered
to their names, and then directed the doors to be closed.
Mr DAWSON observed that it must be evident to the House
that nothing could be accomplished by proceeding with the call
of the House. By the operation, said he, we are going through
With now, it Will take till daylight to get the absent members
here, and receive their excuses Those who were to be brougl t
in by the Sergeant-at-Arms would not be brought in till day-
light, and, he said, we are to be compelled to sit here till they
come. Mr. D. thought the whole proceeding was wrong, and
would be glad of some way of getting rid of it.
Mr. BEATTY weuld ask the gentleman whose fault it was
that they were kept here all the nieht.   It was the fault of the
Opposition members who so often refused to vote in order to
¡   prevent a quorum.
The absentees were agiin called over, when Mr. Anderson
of Kentucky was excused on account oí indisposition.
I Mr FILLMORE here said, that he understood that his col-
league LMr Barnard] was willing that the bill should be re-
ported to the House provided there was an understanding that
i the previous question should not becalled Mr. F. then moved
to suspend fui iher proceedings under the call.
Mr ANDREWS of Kentucky called for the yeas and nays,
which were ordered: when
Mr. FILLMORE wiihdrew his motion.
Mr HOLMES asked leave to make an appeal to ths House—
[Great noise and confusion.]
Mr. MONROE objected. He was refused the privilege of
making an explanation himself.
Mr. HILLEN moved that Mr. Carroll be excused on account
of indisposition
Messrs. PROFFIT and ANDREWS called for ths yeas and
nays but they were not ordered, and
Mr Carroll was excused without a division.
Mr HOLMES again rose and attempted to address the House
—but objections being made by several, he sat down.
On motion of Mr. HIIBBAR'J,
Mr Chapman was excused on account of indisposition.
On several motions, Messrs Colo.uitt of Georgia, Cranston
of Rhode Island, Ely of Pennsylvania, and Everett and Gran-
der, were excused.
Mr GRAVES moved to excuse Mr. Thompson of South
Carolina; but the House refused to excuse him.
Mr STANLY offered the following resolution, which was
read for information, as follows:
Whereas the calls of the House heretofore have cost the Go-
vernraen} severs!, hundreds of dollars, by excusing those gen-
• — '   '   '    •             j. us —
tlemen who were summoned by the Sergeant-at-Arms. There-
Resolved, That those members who shall be summoned
to attend by the Sergeant-at-arm , shall pay the fees due said
officer.                                     ,       ....                ,
The resolution not being in order but by general consent,
and Mr DAWSON and others objecting, no question was put
< n it.
Mr. HOFFMAN moved to suspend further proceedingsundi r
the call; and the question was taken by tellers, [Messis Cross
and Weller.J who reported ayes 23, noes 79.
A member here moved that the absentees be sent for; which
was agreed to.
Mr. DAWSON appealed to the House to reconsider that vote
It was now near daylight.
The CHAIR said that the motion must ceme from some
gentleman who voted with the majority.
Mr. STANLY again ottered his resolution; but
Mr. DAWSON objected, and the question was not put on
the motion.
Mr. SLADE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. PETRIKIN called for tLe yeas and nays; which were
oidered, and the question was taken and decided in the nega-
tive—yeas 25. nays 98.
Mr GRAVES moved that all further proceedings under the
call be dispensed with.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said he would agree to dispense with
further proceedings under the call, provided there was a
quorum present who would agreed to remain here and do the
business ofthe country.
Mr. STANLY called forthe yeas and nays on Mr. Graves's
motion, which being ordered, resulted—yeas 27, nays 91.
Mr. ADAMS being one of those present, and not voting,
Mr. DAWSON moved that Mr. Adams be compelled to
vote.
No question being put on this motion,
Mr TAYLOR ol Ohio offered a resolution that John Quincy
Adams, a member ol this House, and now in his seat, for re-
fusing to vote, when called on, on the several questions put
this evening, and paiticularly the last, be now required to an-
swer to his name.
The SPEAKER said that under a former decision ofthe
House, the resolution was not in order.
Mr. JAMES moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. WELLER called for the yeas and nays; which, having
been ordered, resulted in yeas 27, nays 88.
Mr. CRARY here offered a resolution similar to that of Mr.
Taylor of Ohio, requiring Mr. Adams to vote—but
The SPEAKERruled it to be out of order.
Mr. CURTIS moved that when the House adjourn, it adjourn
to meet at twelve o'clock noon; which motion was decided in
the negative without a division.
Mr BEATTY said he would like to know of the Chair at
What time it would be m order to enforce the rules of the House
requiring members present to vote.
The SPEAKER said that, by a former decision ofthe House,
a motion to require a member to vote could not be received
while the vote was being taken, and before the announcement
of the result to the House A fter the result was announced the
question was decided, and it was too late then to require a mem-
ber to vote.
Mr. LEWIS. The House would now see the predicament in
which it was placed by reversing a just decision of the Speaker
some days since.
Mr. PROFFIT moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired if a motion to adjourn was in
order while the process of compelling the attendance of absent
members was going on. He could not consent to adjourn while
the doors were clostd.
Mr. PROFFIT    Then go out ofthe window.
Mr. DROMGOOLE.   I do not choose to go out m that way.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion to adjourn was in
order.
Mr. CRARY appealed from the decision of the Chaib, when
Mr. PROFFIT withdrew his motion to adjourn.
After a short interval,
Mr. PROFFIT again moved an adjournment; and
Sir. WELLER called for the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered.
Mr. CASEY appealed to the gentleman to withdraw ths mo-
tion. The Sergeant-at-Arms, he understood, was in attendance
with several absent members.
The question was then taken, and decided in the negative—
yeas 16 nays 80.
The SPEAKER announced that the Sergeant-at Arms was
in attendance, and had presented a list of gentlemen who were
in his cus ody, and now present in the House, viz: Messrs.
Corwin,Hook, Morris, Davisof Indiana, J. Johnson, J. Camp-
hell, McClellan, C. Morns, Saltonstall, Butler, Campbell of
Tennessee, Cuahing, Raudolph, Montgomery. Hill of North Ca-
rolina, Fisher, Hastings. Allen of Ohio, Charles Johnston,
Warren, Kempshall. Giddings, and Gentry.
The SPEAKER also read the list of those gentlemen who
could not be found by the officer ofthe House, and of those who
had been summoned and refused to attend.
Mr. Corwin of Ohio being the first on the list, was then
called un.and addressed by the Speaker as follows.
"Mr. Corwin, you have been absent from the House without '
leave ofthe House, and contrary to its laws: if you have any
excuse to offer for your absence, the House will now hear tl."
Mr. CORWIN said he could assign to the House in a very-
few woids the reasons why he was not in his place during last
night. He left ihe House a little before 10 o'clock, while Mr.
Habersham was speaking on the authority of a gentleman who
he thought had a good right to speak as to the views and inten-
tion* ofthe Administration party He alluded to the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Vanderfoel ] He inquired of him
what were the intentions of the majority with regard to the
Treasury Note bill, and whether they expected to pass it that
night. He told the gentleman that he did net like the business
the House was engaged in, and did not intend to have any thing
to do with it On this, he was in formed by the gentleman, whose
authority he could not question, that the bill was to come out
of committee presently, and that it was tobe acted on to-day.
He had no idea, Mr C said, that his presence was wanted, and
as the gentleman had told him that he did not want his vote,
he concluded that he would go home and go to bed. He as-
sured the House that, in absenting himself, he intended to
commit no contempt, or evince any want of respect for its
authority..
