ass
RrvasJ being rather unwell, and could not come to the House,
in bis col iMgue's absence, ami vote without a breach of laith.
Dischait«1 upon payment of fees.
Mr. NISIIET was excused on account of sickness.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to suspend all further proceed-
ings under the call.
Mr. FILLMORE opposed the motion.
Mr. GRAVES called for the yeas and nays; when
Mr. DROMGOOLE withdrew the motion.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to dispense with all further pro-
ceedings under the call, winch motion prevailed—yeas 103,
n ys4o.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee of the
Whole on the stateof the Union, (Mr. Dawson in the chair,)
ana resumed thecensiderationof the Treasury Note bill.
Mr. BARNARD, without proceeding in his remarks, aeain
made the motion that the commute rise at 8 o'clock, a. m. Wed-
nesday.
Upon which question, tellers were called for, and Messrs.
Jameson and Andrews were appointed such, who reported
that there were—ayes 47, noes 93.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. BARNARD having again resumed the floor, spoke a
short time, and said he must again plead the same excuse he
had twelve hours before pleaded, that of physical disability to
proceed in the argument to the extent he wished, and moved
that the committee rise.
Mr. VANDERPOEL called for tollers on that motion.
Mr. PETRIKIN inquired ofthe Chair whether the motion to
rise could he am-nded.
Tli* CHAIR was understood to say that it could.
Mr. PETRIKIN complained of the affected manner of the
remarks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Barnard,]
who he said had kept the House in session all night, and yet
pleaded indisposition as the reason for not proceeding.   To^ave
the House from further difficulty, he would move to amend the
motion that the committee rise, by adding "and report the
bill. 
Mr. MARVIN called Mr. P. to oider, and inquired of the
Chair whether the motion to rise .ould be amended.
The CHAIR decided that the motion to amend was in order.
Mr. PETRIKIN thought it very singular that he coul.lnjt get
up, whether in order or out of order, w.thout being interrupted
by learned lawyers on that floor.
Mr. CRAIG said he objected to the decision of the Chair, and
contended that the motion was not in oider. The motion in
co nmutee that the committee rise, stood on the same principle
as a motion in the House for adjournment, neither of which
was susceptible of amendment. As it involved a question of
the utmost importance, he took an appeal from the decision fo
theCKAiR.
Mr. JAMESON coincided with the opinion of the Chair,
(hat the motion could be attended; as also could the motion to
adjourn.   The motions to rise and adjourn were general, but  ]
the House a.,d the committee had the right to make them spe-
cific.
Mr. CASEY sincerely hoped the Sprakkr would re vise his
decision; it was not conformable to previous practice, and
would lead to bad resultsupon the business of the House. He
argued that a motion to adjourn was always in order; and it
was not competent to amend it under any circumstances.
The CHAIR, on reflection, reviewed and reversed his deci-
sion, and declared the motion for the committee to rise not
amendable; and said if it was incorrect, gentlemen could take
an appeal.
Mr. PETRIKIN appealed from this decision.
Mr. CASEY said it seemed to him that tHe character of the
House, and their own Character, required that the committee
should liae and report the bill to the House, and adjourn the
House over till to-morrow, and debate it on that day, with the
understanding that the question should be taken hel'óre the ad-
j ournment on that day. Ue appealed to all parties in the House
li view of their then exhausted condition, seriously to consider
the propriety of the course he suggested. Their own health,
as well as the puhlic interest, required such a course. It would
greatly expedite the action on this bill.
Mr. HAND said, with the understanding that the hill should be
reported to the House at that time, he would agree that the
House should adjourn till to-morrow, on which day the bill should
be finally disposed of; with the understanding also that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Barnard] should be entitled to the
floor in the House on the bill.
The CHAIR said it could be only done by general consent; if
m objection was heard, he should put the question on the com-
mittee's rising.
Mr DROMGOOLE said, if the understanding was that the bill
should be reported to the House, he had no objection; but as to
any pledge further than that, he Considered it unparliamentary,
and could not therefore accede to it.
Mr. BARNARD enquired of the chairman of Ways and
Means [Mr. Jones] if he had any objection to the Understanding
■ iggested,
Mr. JOXE3 replied that, so far as he was concerned, he had
not the slightest abjection to the agreement, and hoped his
friends who act wnn him would agree to ¡t.
Mr. BARNARD asked if it were possible any gentleman
would rise and object to such a proposition.
Mr. DROMGOOLE immediately rose and said he had no ob-
jection to the rising of the committee, but would consent to no
understanding or pledges of any kind.
Much confusion prevailed; it was with difficulty any thing
could be distinctly heard.
Mr. BARNARD inquired whether he could, in the House, be
allowed to reply t > what had been urged in the committee?
The CHAIR replied it could be done on!  by cousent,
Mr. PETRIKIN insisted on his appeal.
Mr. BARNARD was understood as pressing the compromise
W lich had been proposed.
*lr. JONES said, so far as he was concerned, he would assent
%j it with pleasure.
Sime conversation here took place between Messrs. BAR-
NARD and WAPDY THOMPSON, when
Mr. FISHER said he was utterly opposed to any agreement.
He was, however, willing that the usual motion should be made
that the committee rise and report the bill to the House, and
weutd then be willing to hear the gentleman from New York;
but he was utterly opposed to any arrangement which would
give one gentleman the floor to the exclusion of others who
wished to he heard.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON remonstrated, and urged a com-
promise
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
¡"■". '     w,-.'. ■'  -■-,"■'                     •- 'T-                         r, ,■",■
Mr. FISHER said he would never consent that in the
House one gentleman should have the ttoer, and all the rest be
cut off.
Mr. VANDERPOEL hoped that all would accede to this rea-
sonable proposition.
Mr. DROMGOOLE. I never will consent to any such
thing.
Mr. PROFFIT.   I will agree to no such arrangement.   I
will never let this bill pass without putting on it an amend-
ment for the Cumberland road of $450,000 out of these five
millions.
Much confusion arose, and the noise was very great.
At lenghth the proposition for a compromise seemed to be
given up in d«spair.
Mr. PETRIKIN insisted on his appeal.
But the CHAIR having stated his decision, and put the ques-
tion to the committee,
Mr. PETRIKIN withdreWiis appeal.
It. was then moved that the committee rise.
On that question tellers were appointed, and the vote decided
in the affirmative—ayes82, noes 40.
The committee thereupon rose.
In the House, Mr. BANKS moved to discharge the Committee
of the Whole from the further consideration of the bill. There
had been considerable discussion, and if the gentleman from
New Yoik [Mr. Barnard] wished it, he could have an oppor-
tunity ofdiscussing the bill in the House.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS asked if the bill did not contain an
appropriation.
The CHAIR was understood to reply in the affirmative.
Mr. WILLIAMS then insisted that it could not be passed un-
less it should be reported by a committee.
Messrs. EVANS, CLIFFORD, LEWIS WILLIAMS, BELL,
and BANKS, discussed the question of order at considerable
11  length.
! The CHAIR inclined to the epinion that Mr. Banks's motion
¡i was in order, and quoted some authorities from the Manual in
li favor of that opinion. But after an examination of the hill, and
|! there being an appropriation of 920,000, and a further exami-
11 nation ofthe rules in relation to the question,
I       The SPEAAER reversed his opinion; when
Mr. BANKS said lhat he did not see any appropriation, ora
levy of taxes: to cut the matter short, he would move that the
I   House resoive itself into Committee ofthe Whole, and take into
i    consideration the Treasury Note bill.
! The motion was agreed to without a division; and the
House thereupon went into committee, Mr. Dawson in the
chair.
Mr. BARNARD having the floor, Without proceeding in his
remarks, Immediately moved that the committee rise.
Tellers were demanded, and Messrs. Evans and McKay
were appointed such; and the question being put, the ayes
were 4, and the noes 9S.
[The Whig party either remained in their seats or retired
to the outside of the bar, for the purpose of making no quo-
rum ofthe committee.]   Pío quorum having voted,
Mr. CHAPMAN asked that tellera might be appointed to
count the commttee.
The CHAIRMAN counted, and reported that there were 129
members priaertt, but said he could not act otherwise than to
rise and report, that on a division, there was no quorum.
The committee rose and reported that fact.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House.
The motion prevailed, and the Clerk proceeded to call the
roll, when 115 members responded to their names.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Tennessee moved an adjournment; but it
was negaived—yeas31, nays79.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The absentees   ere then called, and 166 gentlemen answered
to their namrg.
Mi. RUSSELL moved to suspend the call, with a view to
move that the House adjourn till to morrow.
Mr. MONTGOMERY gave notice he would he bound by no
arrangf-merits á''d pledges others might choose to make.
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the yeas and, nays on the motion
to suspend the call; which were otderefl) and were—yeas 49,
nays 57.
So the House refused to suspend the call.
The list of absentees was now called over, when
On motion of M r. McK AY, all further pioceedings in the call
were dispensed with.
Messrs. Alford. Anderss , Carroll, Davis of Kentucky,
Doig, Russell, Fletcher, Granger, Lawrence, Navlor,
nlsbet, rariben, charles shepard, peck, reed, smith,
of Indiana, Vboom, White of Louisiana, Chinn, S. Wil-
liams, were excused, some on account of indisposition, and
others on account of absence from the city.
And Messrs Black, Uotts, and TillingBast, were not ex-
cused.
Mr. ItHETT then rose to make a proposition, to which he
thought-all parties should agree. ' The proposition which had
been made this morning, to assign a particular time for taking
the bill out of committee, (Mr. R. was understood to say.) had
been opposed on the ground of giving the floor to a particular
member. It appeared to him that all gentlemen ought to have
a fair opportunity of being heard. The struggle had been car-
ried on four hours longer,and they were just wherethey were
last evening; and it seemed to him that they might continue
here four or five days longer. This was a struggle between the
strong and the weak. It'seemed to him thatifa particular day
and time were fixed, the object of all parties would be attained.
Scenes of this description had taken place at previous Con-
gresses again and again, and at last it had been nece-sary to re-
sort to compromise It was the only course thgt could be pur-
sued. He proposed, therefore, that by general consent, ihe bill
should be taken out of Committee of the Whole, and acted on
at six o'clock to-morrow evening.'
[Cries of "1 won't agree to th«tt." "T object,/" '-Take it out
now."]
Mr. K. said they might take it out of committee new, but it
could not be passed now. It would come down to this, who
could struggle longest and bestl Men would not yield when
their passions were up. But it was to be remembered that
their business here was not to carry out their own feelings and
v:«wa, but that they were here lodo the business ol the coun-
try—to relieve the Government—to act upon high feelings of
patriotism. The Government could not be injured—no mate-
rial injury could accrue to any body—and he hoped that, by ge-
neial consent, his proposition would be agreed to-
Mr. WISE would not consent, he said, to decide upon mea-
sures of tiiis kind at any particular hour of any particular
1  --1     ■ "    ■-   s.....- '      --■".■' "ur.   .   '           .a    i   ,   -
day. As one of the minority, he did not intend t  debate tho
oill. though he had expected to have said a few words. A 
gentlemen seemed determined to sit here, the best way would
be for the House to resolve itself back again into Committee of
the Whole.
The proposition of Mr. Rhbtt not meeting with favor, and
the Speaker having announced that a quorum of membeis
was now in attendance,
The House again resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on the Btate of the Unio.i, (Mr. Dawson in the chair,)
whereupon
Mr. BEATTY claimed the floor.
The CHAIRMAN announced that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Barnard] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. BEATTY rose t  a point of order. He wished to know
whether it was in order for the gentleman from New York to
occupy the floor every time when the House went into com-
mittee, for the purpo-e of moving that it rise. The gentleman
had been up five times already, each time complaining that he
was too unwell to speak, and moving that the committee ri-e.
The CHAIRMAN said the gentleman would be kind enough
to take his seat.
Mr. BARNARD moved that the committee rise and have
leave to sit again; but said he would yield the floor simply for
the purpose of enabling Mr. Proffit to offer an amendment
After some further objections on the part of Mr. BEATTY,
that gentleman appealed from the decision of the Chair, giving
the floor to Mr. B >rnard.
Mr.  PROFFIT offered an amendment, appropriating the
sum of #450,000for the continuation of the Cumberland road
through the States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois.
Mr. VANDERPOEL rose to a point of order.
Mr. BARNARD insisted on his motion that the committee
rise.
Mr. VANDERPOEL submitted that the amendment of Mr.
Pboffit was not in order, being an entirely new proposition.
The gentleman might as well introduce a proposition to esta-
blish a Mint.
I      Alter some conversation, not distinctly heard, owing to the
'  confusion in the ha/1,
The CHAIRMAN announced Mr. Proffit's amendment to
be out of order.
From this decision Mr. P. appealed.
The CHAIRMAN said the first question was on the appeal
taken by the gfentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bkattv] from
the decision of the Chais, givinz the floor to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Barnard?
And the question being taken, the decision of the Chair was
affirmed.
Mr. PROFFIT here proceeding to speak to his appeal from
the decision of the CAair that the amendment offered by him
Was not in order—
The CHAIRMAN said there was a motion pending that the
committee rise, which was the firstquestion in order.
And, after some conversation, the question was taken, and
the committee refused to rise.
The CHAIRMAN having explained the condition of the
question before the committee to be, that there was an amend-
ment to an amendment pending, and that the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Barnard] was entitled to the floor on the latter,
and, therefore, that the amendment of Mr. Irofftt was, under
no circumstances, in order at this time,
Mr. PROFFIT assented thereto.
And, it being now half past ten, a. ro.
Mr. BARNARD took the floor, and addressed the com-
mitteee at length in opposition to the bill, notwithstanding, tie
said, there had been nothing in the action of the House, for the
last twelve or fourteen hours, calculated to refresh any of its
members, and least of all one situated as he was. He said he
was not opposed to Ihe Government borrowing money to meet
its exigencies, by way of a direct loan; nor was he opposed to
borrowing money by the issuing of Treasury notes; but he waa
opposed td giving the power to the Government of issuing these
notes in such a manner as would enable ihe notes to be circu-
lated as money. The bill in the present form would be, in ef-
fect, the establishment of a Treasury bank. These Treasury
notes were the worst kind of paper ever invented in the worst
times In the worst countries in the world. Mr. B. then went
into a detailed history of the banking system, and the present
mode of banking in this country, and was understood to h  in
favor of small bill circulation.
Thdhour of 12 having arrived,
Mr. UNDERWOOD rose and made the paint of order
that, being now the usual hour for reading the journal
and proceeding to the regular business of the House, un-
der its standing rules, the committee must rise. The discus-
sion otherwise might be continued day after day, week after
week, and month after month, without touching the regular
business. He asked whether the House wag willing to set such
an example.
Mr. VaN DERPOEL rose to suggest that there -was an analo-
gous case.
The CHAIR said there was an analogous case in the year
1836, in the case of the admission of the States of Arkansas
and Michigan, in which the same point had been raised. In
that case the committee did not rise; and the decision of the
Chair would now be governed by that precedent.
So the committee did not rise.
Mr. BARNARD then resumed nig 'remarks. Ho spoke at
great length to show that this bill might, in connection with
the Sub-Treasury bill, be converted into a bank of issue and
discount; and that the bill for this issue, without the amend-
ments he proposed, would admit ofthe notes being kept in cir-
culation after the manner of bank paper; and they were subject
to fluctuation in value to a great extent, in proportion as there
was a demand to pay duties. Mr. B. concluded at one o'clock.
The CHAIR then gave the floor to
Mr. GOGGIN, who spoke 41 much length in opposition to
the bill. In the course of his remarks, he avowed himself ft
friend of a National Bank, but that he was not prepared to urge
the establishment of it in the present state of public sentiment;
but if any considerable change took place, he was prepared to
advocate it, not only on the ground of its expediency, but of its
cinstitutionatity also.  At the close of hisremarks,
The CHAIR gave the floor to
Mr.DUNCAN, who having spoken for some time in favor of
the bill, yielded tl.e floor to
Mr. DAVEE, who moved that the committee now riae, and
report the bill to the House.
Mr. DUNCAN said he was willing that the motion ihouldD 
