CONGRESSIONAL, GLOBE.
26th Cono........«1st Sxss.
TUESDAY, APRIL 7, 1840.
Volume 8...........No. 19.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continued from No. 18.
put, with the understanding, however, that if it failed he did not
lone hi  right to the floor.
Mr. R. GARLAND said that the motion to rise and report
the bill was debatable; and the gentleman from Maine [Mr Da-
vaa] would net attain the object ha expected by the prevalence
of the motion.
Mr. DA VEE then withdrew his motion, and
Mr. DUNCAN resumed his remarks. After proceeding for
some time, he gave way at the request of
Mr. RAYNER, who said that, with his permission, he would
submit a proposition, which he hoped would be generally ac-
ceded to. The party with which he acted would not recede
from the stand which it had taken. He would the efore pro-
pose that the committee should now rise without reporting the
bill, but with the understanding that the hill shall be reported
before we rise at our next sitting.
Mr. DUNCAN having yielded the floor for the purpose, the mo-
tion for the committee to rise was then put, and tellers having
been called for,
The CHAIR appointed Messrs. Watterson and Lewis, who
reported ayes 29, noes 34.
No quorum voting, the committee lose, and the Speaks 
having resumed the chair,
Mr. DAWSON, chairman of the committee, reported that the
Committee of the Whole had under consideration the bill au-
thorising an issue of Treasury notes, and finding itself without
a quorum, had directed him to report that fact to the House.
Mr. DAWSON then moved that the House adjourn, and the
yeas and nays having been ordered, it was decided in the nega-
' tive—yeas 36. nays 48.
> Mr. DUNCAN said he had determined to remain until the
question was settled, but he was convinced that the best course
now would be toadjournt'with the understanding that the bill
should be disposed of at our next sitting. He had no objection
to yield the floor with such an understanding.
Mr. DAWSON then proposed that the House should adjourn,
and that it should be understood that to-morrow the bill should
be taken up, and disposed of before adjournment.
Mr. PICKENS said he hoped the proposition would be agreed
to. It was useless to sit here—it was too great a trial on the
constitutions of the members.
Mr. HOFFMAN was satisfied, he said, that this was the only
way in which the bill could ever be disposed of. Any man who
desired this bill to pass, should agree to the adoption of some
such proposition.
Mr. DAWSON moved an adjournment; on which motion the
yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRABB said there was a principle involved in this mat-
ter, and he would take no compromise. He would stay here
until a proper hour, and then he would vote for an adjournment,
but he would not be transferred in this way by any leader or
any party.
Mr. MONTGOMERY said he would vota against any such
agreement.
The question was then taken on the motion for adjournment,
the ayes and noes being ordered, and it was decided in the af-
firmative—ayes 73, nays 34.
Boat fifteen minutes to five o'clock, on Wednesday evening,
ths Houss adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, March 25, 1810.
The CHAIR submitted a communication from the War De-
partment, transmitting a report from the Topographical bu-
reau Ob a survey of certain lakes and rivers in Wiskonsin;
which was laid on the table.
Also, the following report from the Secretary of the Treasu-
ry, in reply to a resolution of the Senate of the 23d insL; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed:
Treasury Department, March 25, 1£40.
Sin I have the honor to submit this report in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate passed the 23d inst. in the following
words:
'■Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury inform the Se-
nate, what proportion of Treasury notes, issued under the au-
thority of the act of October 12th, 1837, and subsequent acts, has
been paid to public creditors of the United States, in discharge
of their claims, and what proportion has been used for the pur-
pose of borrowing money, from banks, or individuals; together
with a statement of the rates of interest, borne by the notes of the
several issues, respectively.
"And that he also inform the Senate, whether Treasury netes,
bearing interest, have been deposited in banks, for the purpose
of raising a credit, to be drawn against by the Treasury Depart-
ment; and if any such deposites have been made, to state the
dales and amounts thereof, and the dates and sums of the drafts
mads thereon."
In answer to the first inquiry, I transmit herewith a statement
prepared by the Treasurer showing the rates of interest and the
proportions, whether in exchange for specie, or in payments of
the issues of Treasury notes under the authority of the act of
12thOctober, 1837, and subsequent acts, as required by the
resolution.
In reply to the other inquiry, I would observe that no Trea-
sury notesissu d under the authority of either of the acts men-
tioned, have been deposited in banks, by this Department, or by
its sanction, for the purpose of raising a credit, tobe drawn
against by the Department. But to facilitate the exchange of
specie for Treasury notes, without the delay and expense of
transporting it to this city, and then carrying it back for expen-
diture, numerous individuals and corporations have been per-
mitted to place specie in special deposite to the credit oi the
Treasurer in certain specified banks; and Treasury notes to a
• corresponding amount have been afterwards, and not till then,
issaedin their favor upon the certificates of deposite, as shown
by the Treasurer's accompanying statement.
It may be proper to add that, by pursuing this course, many
risks hare been avoided, as well a* the payment of any com-
missions to bankers or brokers for selling the notes, and at the
-----1 time the disposal of any of them by the eovernmsnt, ex-
cept at par, and for any thing except specie, or its equivalent,
has been effectually prevented.
Respectfully,           L. WOODBURY,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hen. R. M. Johnson,
Vice Preesdent of the United States, and
President of the Senate.
Mr. PORTER presented a joint resolution of the Legislature
of Michigan, in favor of a general bankrupt law; which was
read, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from citizens of Warren
county, Illinois, praying for the establishment of a post route;
which wis refened to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana, from the Committee on the Judicia-
ry, to which was referred the memorial of James Williams,
made a special report thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Roads and C3nali, to
which was referred the memorial of the Legislature of Michigan
on the subject of a railroad from Lake Michigan to the Missis-
sippi river, made an adverse report thereon.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on Roads and
Cíñala, to which was referred the memorial of the Legislature
of Wiskonsin, relative to a railroad from Platteville to the Mis-
sissippi on Piatt íivet, made an adverse report thereon.
Mr. NORVELL, in pursuance of previous notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill fixing the time for the meeting
of the next session of Congress; which was lead, and ordered
to a second reading. [The bill proposes that the. next session
shall commence on the second Tuesday in November next
Mr. STRANGE, in pursuance of previous notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for the relief of James Herrón;
which was read twice, and referred to the Committee on Pa-
tents.
The Senate then went into the consideration of Executive
business,
And afterwards adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, February 26th, 1840.
The SFEAKER laid before the House the following commu-
nications, viz:
1.  Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury in reply to the
resolution of the House of Representatives of the 24th ultimo,
requiring of him to communicate why no patents have been is-
sued to claimants to, or purchasers of, land in the St. Helana or
Greensburg land district, in the State of Louisiana:
Which, on motion of Mr. CHINN, was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
2.  Additional papers from the Secretary of War, to accom-
pany the letter from the Secretary of War laid before the House
on the 19th instant, respecting the non-establishment if a mili-
tary post near the western boundary of the State of Louisiana:
On motion of Mr. R GARLAND, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
3.  Message from the President of the United States, transmit-
ting the report of commissioners on the Post Office building:
Referred to the Committee on the Public Buildings.
4.  Letter from the Secretary of War, transmitting the infor-
mation required by the resolution of the House of Representa-
tives of the 9th instant, in relation to proceedings under the treaty
of 1st November, with the Winnebagoes:
Referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House some further tes-
timony in relation to the New Jersey contested election.
Mr. MEDILL said it was a part of the testimony connected
with what was called the "mysterious package," and he
moved that it be referred to the Committee of Elections.
Mr. R. GARLAND said that was the very testimony which
he wished to be kept before the House. The object of his
amendment now before the House, was to withdraw that mys-
terious package from the committee. He had moved to lay the
other testimony on the table with that view; and he moved that
it lie on the table; which motion was agreed to.
Mr. REYNOLDS of Illinois asked If ave of the House to pre-
sent a bill to authorize the Secretary of War to cause a survey
and estimates ef the Cumberland road from Vandalia, by Green-
ville, to Alton, in the State of Illinois, to be made Mr. R. said
that the committee were permitted to make reports only at
one time during the present session of Congress, in conse-
quence of which, this subject would not be brought before the
House. On this consideration, he asked leave of the House to
bring in the above bill, and have it referred to the proper com-
mittee; but
Mr. DAWSON objected, and the motion was not admitted.
Mr. J. W. JONES, chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, asked leave to report from that committee the Sub-
Treasury bill.
Messrs. ANDREWS of Kentucky, and PROFFIT, objected
to its introduction, when
Mr. CONNER moved a suspension of the rules, to admit the
report, and demanded the yeas and nays on that motion; which
were ordered, when
The gentlemen objecting withdrew their objection.
The bill was then reported, and  ordered  to he  referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
The SPEAKER, announced the unfinished business of the
morning hour to be the resolution heretofore reported by Mr
Campbell of South Carolina, from the Cominittee of Elections'
to print all the testimony in relation to the contested e ection in'
the State of New Jersey, to which an amendment had been
heretofore offered by Mr. R. Garland to print the tes-
timony received since the report of the said committee was
made.                                .,  ,     ,    _
Mr. BOTTS, who was entitled to the floor on the above ques-
tion, concluded his remarks. He censured the course of the
majority of the committee, pretty much as has been heretofore
reported; and Mr. B. having concluded,
Mr. ANDREWS moved the previous question.
Mr. RIVES asked the favor of the gentleman from Kentucky
to withdraw his motion. The gentleman knew the character
of the remarks made by his colleague.   They were entirely
fallacious, an,; he wished to have an opportunity of correcting
them.
Mr. ANDREWS said, that as this debate had already lasted
four weeks, and had been confined entirely to the members of
the committee, he could not withdraw.
Mr. CAMPBELL appealed to the gentleman to withdraw
his motion. He made this request not because he himself
cared any think about it, or that he was unwilling to let the
question go before the country on the remarks of the gentle-
man from Tennessee, iMr. Brown,] or even the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Butts,] but because other members of the com-
mittee were anxious to reply to the gentleman from Virginia.
Mr CHAPMAN hoped the gentleman would with (raw his
motion, and enablesome gentleman to reply to the argument by
which every member of the House, who voted with the majority,
had been charged with corruption He, for one, was ready to
answer the gentleman from Virginia, and to demonstrate the
fallacy of his argument.
Mr ANDREWS said, that upon the appeal of thechaiiman
of the committee, he would withdraw his motion for the previ-
ous question.
Mr MEDILL obtained the floor, and observed that it was no
intention of h s, at the present time, to occupy the time of the
House long, and he would condense what he had to say in as
brief a space as possible. He would first notice the remark ot
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Andrews] that the debate
had been confined to the members of the committee, and begged
leave to correct him.
Mr. ANDREWS rose to explain. He had not recollected
at the time that the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Jenifer]
had addressed the Ho'use on the subject.
Mr. MEDILL wished to say that, so far as the members ot
the committee were concerned, there had been more time occu-
pied in the discussion of this subject, by a gentleman who not
only was not a member of the committee, [Mr. Jenifer,] but who
was perceived by every member on the floor to know nothing
of the question, than had been occupied by any member of the
majority of the committee.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Botts] supposed it a very
rematkable thing that a member of this House who was not a
member of the committee, should think proper to submit a re-
solution for the purpose of instructing that committee to report
certain facts in their possession. Why then had this other indi-
vidual been called on to engage in debate, not for the purpose of
examining into the merits of the question—not for the purpose
of ascertaining whether the committee had correctly reported
the facts before them, but for the purpose of personal crimina-
tion and for the purpose of impeaching, if possible, the veracity
of the members of the committee. Was it possible that mem-
bers of the committee would suffer their words to be impeached
without defending themselves) Had the gentlemen who were
opposed to the report ever since the debate commenced, called
for the reading of any testimony to impeach its correctness?
Had they, in that document which they called the suppressed
report, stated that the report of the majority did not contain
facial No, sir; they tacitly admitted the correctness of the facts
stated, complaining only that the committee did not come to a
correct conclusion, and that they had acted with unjust and un-
necessary haste. Was it upon the conduct of the committee that
the House was called upon to vote, or upon the facts which the
committee had set forth? Was this the issue which the gentle-
men wished to present to the country? It was not complained
that those gentlemen excluded had received a majority of the
votes; it was not even pretended that they had received a ma-
jority ef votes which they now denominate legal, by the exclu-
sion of all unqualified voters. No, the complaint was that the
committee had been acting unjustly, precipitately, and withou
a due regard to the interests of the country, and the rights of
the parlies who have been excluded. Was this the issue which
gentlemen wanted to bring before the country? Was this the
object for which the committee was appointed? Sir, said Mr.
M. this committee reported only one single fact, and that was,
which five of the claimants received the greatest number of
votes. This was the fact they were directed by the House to
report upon. Did gentlemen undertake to say that the com-
mittee had reportedotherwise than the truth? Did they under-
take to say that the committee had reported votes that were not
lawful? If so, let them produce the evidence. I say, and I say
it fearlessly,there was no testimony when this report was made,
other than what I have stated to the House. I say confidently, and
I have said it before, that there was no testimony, which even
the gentlemen themselves voted to receive, that impeached
more than twelve or thirteen votes, while the majorities ranged
from thirty to two hundred.
Mr. ADAMS here interrupted Mr, Medil-; but his remark
was not heard.
Mr. MEDILL continued. I pledge myself to convince even
the gentleman himself, stubborn as he is, that we reported fair-
ly, in conformity with the instructions of the House, and in
conformity with truth and justice. He wished to advise gentle-
men that there was more testimony to come before them—not
that one-sided testimony that was sealed up and brought into
the House fraudulently, as he would undertake to prove—but
testimony that contradicted it conclusively, and proved beyond
a doubt that it w«« false and fallacious.
Mr. ADAMS snid that lie spoke of the testimony that was
suppressed, and that the committee prevented from being re-
ceived.
Mr. MEDILL ventured te assert that before the gentleman
was (lone with that suppressed testimony, as he was pleased to
pall it, he Vi ould be sorry that his friends had ever mentioned it.
Mr. M. then stated the manner in which the committee took up
and examined the various testimony before it. They first took
up the votes which were before the Governor and Conncii, and
which had been counted by them. These certificate gentlemen
came into this House with returns predicated on certain votes
which had been counted by the Governor and Council. The
committee took these as legal, because they had been admittea
as such by b >th parties, and they added to them the suppressed
returns oí MillvW and South Amboy. This was thei onjy
queetien which the Opposition could now make, and hei wouId
oeabl* to show that We votes were ~r^tly0^°aunDt*cv:^
that there was no testimony impeacking them Oni a Previous
occasion he showed to the House that ths votes of one of t
