CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2D3
spoken of that tra isaction, and from the duttnrt allusions which
had been made to htm in the course ot the debate II he un-
derstood that gentleman currectlv, he had deprecated the elec
lion nt Ftancf- P Blaif to the olliie of Primer, pronounced it
premature and preuprate, in consequei ce ot whic1 a previous
liivestn'ation into alleged traiuh had been superseded and pre-
cluded by the House ami that, too, said the gmtleman, when
we were gelt ng along *ery well and smooiluy, by letting out
ihe priming oifcontract                  .......
Sir, «td~Mr B the gentleman from Kentucky, the Whigs,
and other , who mte I with that gentleman lor a certain resolu-
tion, 10 which I shall presently feler, effected indirectly and co-
vertly, by us adoption, that which 1 did directly ami openly, m
theelecuon which loll iwed That, and that alone, afterall that
has been said is the difference beiwt en us.
Sir, lei us look to thai resolution lor a moment, and íecur to
morigin and history     It was introduced lntoth's House, and
advocated on it  passage, bv my colleague. [Mr Dawson 1    By
it, the Cierk ol this House, a confirmed Dem writ, «as ordered
"to siipplv some suitible person or persons to execute the ne
ceasarv pnn ing of this House, in the manner prescribed by the
joint resolution of H19 '    I will not assert that the gentleman
voed for tms resolution, but this much I will say, that H he
to eil or raised his voice against it in this hall, I was not pre-
sent, arid did not hear him"   So far as I am informed, he sat by
and suffered that resolution, introduced by a gentleman who
usually   acia  with  the  Whig   partv,  to  \«ss    this   House,
tub   iilentio,   not   only   the   first,   bul   the   second time,
ll   I   remember    correctly      What,   then,   was   the   pur-
port,    the  effect,   the    consequence   ot that    action   of   the
House?   It was that a Democratic Cleik should select, at his
option, some individual   to execute the   printing of Congress
upo i the term  fixed by the resolution of 1319    This proposi
tion came directly from the Whig ranks, and was supported
alike by Whig and Democrat    This, thtn,  was the generally
leceived sense of the House, and was acq-uesced in by the een-
tleman from Kentucky himself  who, H he was present at its
adoption, said not one wold as I have heard, in opposition to
v     What, sir, was the natural and  necessary consequence ol
all this?   Every  man here, who had his  senses about  him,
kn"w or ought to have known,that this same Fracis P Blair,
who has been vilified  and abused through all  ihe avenues by
which   detraction  ran   reach thecharauer of a man, whe.her
justly   or   not   I  will   not   now   stop    to inquire,  for I  am
not    his champion        This    same    heinous   and    offensive
Blair     upon     the    proposition,     and    by   the   votes   ol
the  Whiffs themselves,  was indirectly made   the Printer of
this House, wttlwnt any limitation as to price, save that impos-
ed by the i >int resolution of 1819     A'l parties hire knew, as
well'as I did that Hcgh A Garlavd, the Democratic I lerk ol
the House, t > whom the selection ot a Printer was thus refer
r i bv Colonel Dawson s resolution, would appoint Mr Blair,
his politically ally, and who was every way < om; etent to  the
discharge and execution of that trust     Did this appointment
disappoint any one her 1    No, sir' Every body well knew who
would be made Printer, as soon a3 (he Clerk w ts entrusted with
the selecunn of that officer.
I'nder these circumstances, when Mr Blair was comfortably
seated m his newlyacquired office, for which he was perhapt 
mire indcb'ed to the Whigs than the Democrats, I had the honor
to come forward and unsettle this state of things, so pro
piti ins to the Editor of the Globe, and to arrest the
offi tal pationa?e winch had been mdirtetly cast upon
that functionary by Col Da wsov s resolution Is not this sot
I ap >eal, said Mr B tothe resolution which I subsequently of
fere I upon this subject, and which was adopted by the House,
by which it will aprxarthat, instead of making the Editor ot
the Globe the sure and cirtain recipient of the printing pa
tronage, nnderthe pneesof 1SI9, he was subjected to all the
cootmgences and uncertainties of an election, where parties
are po tieuly balanced, and restricted m the remunetation he
was to receive for services to such terms ai d soch a tanffof
pr>ces as he House, after an investigation of the subject, might
think proper to adopt
Sir, said Mi B I have nothing to urge against gentlemen for
their support of the Editor of the Globe I supported him my-
self, not only upo  the occasion referred to, but subsequently,
at the election, openly and fearlessly, while others hid them-
selves behind the responsibility of the Clerk's appointment I
voted for him Tica toce, because I believed, all things sonst
dered, he was more entitled to my support than the Editors ol
the National Intelligencer. For this choice between two con-
tending candidates, I am ready and willing, as 1 will do upon
some future occasion, to answer to my constituents, to whom
alon I hold myself responsible for my acts here But, sir, this
is what I complain of, and herein have I been ba'ly and un-
justly treated, and proscribed by some, without even a hearing
of my case, that while I am lebuke i and condemned by the
gentleman from Kentucky, and those with whom he is asso-
ciated, lor having participated in the election of Mr Blatrtobe
the Printer of this House, those who voted for Col Dawson's
resolution are either applauded for their patriotism and consis-
tency, or at least passed over in commendatory silence.
Yes, sir, "let it be written on the wall' that this identical
B'air, who has been denounced by the Whigs for every thing
odious, bo'h mora'ly and politically, was made the happy reci-
pient of Government patronage, by a resolution emanating
from the Whig ranks, and supported by that party, while 1
have been rebuked and condemned for doing that openly, which
they thought proper to effect indirectly and covertly ' "Think
of that, Waster Brook ''"
The rleNi'e was further continued by Messrs PICKENS,
EVERETT, FISHER BELL, SMITH of Maine, MONRO. ,
I)AV13 of Ky MORGAN RAMSbY, COOPER of Pa DA
VIS of la KEIM, COOPER of Pa in reply, ALFOUD, and
STANLY, which will be published hereafter, when
Mr HABERSHAM submittedthe following, to come in as an
amendment to the end of the second section of the bih
"Which notes, so to be issued, thall be negotiable only by
special en lorsement by ami to, eaeh person through whose
hands they may pass, subject to the same rules and re triaionp
as inland bills of exchange, payable to order, but without the
li ibility of the endorser ''
The question was put on its adoption, an 1 it was d sagreed to
Wl ' out acouit.
Mr UNDERWOOD s'ibrnittedthefollowlngamcrir'ment
Be it further enacted, That nothing in this act contained
shall be so cor strued as to authorize the ¡Secretary of the Trea-
sury, or any officer of the Government, to make a deposit* of
any amount of Treasury note  with any bank, and to allow such
bsj.it (he accruing interest on th« Treasury notes so depositad,
and, in consideti.Hon thereof, to acquire the right to rhet k upon
the bank for the amount, or in anv other manner whatever ti
use the Treasurv notes, or any part thereof, which may be issued
in putsuance of this act, to obtain a loan or advance of money
upon the credit of such notes, or by a sale thereof, It being the
intention ol Congress not to authorize the issue of Tieasuiy
note  in tavor ol any person or persons, except a bona fide cre-
ditor ol the Government
Mr   GARLAND of   Louisiana demanded tellers to take a
count on the adoption ot this amendment, and Messrs   P  F
Thomas and Crabb   having been appointed such, reported
that there were—ayes 69, noes 9X1
So it was rejeeteil
The amendment of Mr Barnard,; previously offered, being
next in order, as follows
"Amend by striking out all after the woid 'notes,' in the se-
cond line of the second section, and insert, 'may be ii-sued by
the authority of this art, not to exceed, in the whole amount is
sued, five millions of dollars, such noti s in no case to be made
for a less sum than one thousand dollars, and to be issued no
faster than shall be demanded, as a means of borrowing money
for the exigencies of the Treasury ' "
Mr BARNARD made a few remarks in explanation of the
principles of his amendment, when
Mr COOPER of Georgia said he was willing to accept that
part of the amendment which limns the issue to the wants of the
Government, but was opposed to the restriction as to the deno-
iiiinstion of the notes
Mt CRABB suggested to Mr Barnard to leave the denomi-
nation ot the note blank, to which suggestion he yielded
The CHAIR said the question would be on filling the blank ,
when
Mr MONTGOMERY moved to fill it with 910.
Mr R  GARLAND named 850
Mr CHINN nai le ' *20
Mr COOPER of Geoigia named «100
Mr BARNARD named 8000
All which propositions to fill the blank were taken up in their
order, and rejected
The question being on the amendmenf, after a few remarks
from Messrs R GARLAND JONl 8 KING, and FiLLMORE,
the question was taken by telleis, an.' disagreed to
Mr PROFFIT submitted an amendment, praying to appro-
pi late Í450000 of the notes to be issued, to the complelionof
the Cumberland road in O'uo Indiana and Illinois
Messrs PROFFIT, WICK, RARIDEN, and M\SON, made
a few remarks in lavor ot the amendment, which will be
puhlished hereafter, and
Mr   JONES ot Virginia appealed to the mover not to em-
barrass the pas-age of this bill, by an effort to attach to it an
amendment  relating   to a   question  of which   many of the
Iriends of the bill now before the committee had constitutional
objections     He suggested that it would be much better to leave
the question of   the  Cumbeiland   load   a one, until   the bill
which was now before the Senate,  lor that object, should be
sent to ihe House
The question being on the adoption of the amendment,
Mr RARIDEN called fir lellersto take a count
Messrs   Stewart and Hubbard   having   been  appointed
such, reported that there were—ayes 71, nays 87.
So the amendment wastejected
Mr COOPER of Georgia submitted the following as an ad-
ditional section to the bill
Sec 3 And be it further enacted That the Secretary of
the Treasury be hereby authorized ind instructed to sell the
bondsof the United States Bank of Pennsylvania belonging to
the Government, at the best m irket price, and place the proceeds
to the credit of the Treasury of the United Slates, and that said
sum, when realized shall operate to diminish the amount of
Treasury notes hereby authorized to be issued, in a sum equal
thereto
The question on its adoption was pnt, and it was disagreed to.
Mr MONTGOMERY offered an amendment, fixing the
lowest denomination of notes at ten dollars, which was lost
without a count
Mr TILL1NGHAST submmed the following amendment;
and it wasdisagreed to without a count:
"Strike out from the second section all between the word 'is-
sued,' in the third line, and the word 'fine,' in the fifth line, and
insert in lieu thereof the following 'Not exceedirg in amount
the aggrega e of "
Mr CURTIS offered the following amendments asa substi-
tute for the second section of the hill, viz
Sec 2 That the amount of Treasury notes authorized to be
ivsued by the provisions and regulationsof the said act shall not,
in the aggrega e of all the issues thereof, exceed the amount of
five millions of dollars; and the same may be redeemed sooner
than one year if the means of ths Treasury shall permit, by
giving sixty days' notice; and no interest to be allowed thereon
after the expiration of sixty days
After a few remarks from Mr GRAVES as to what amount
the Secretary would be enabled to issue in the course uf the year
under the hill,
Mr JONES said the bill had been printed, and every gentle-
man had been afforded an opportunity to scrutinize us provi-
sions; and it seemed to him there could be no misunderstanding
in relation to It. Ii only gives the Secretary the power to keep
out five millions for the year, and did not, as some gentleman
seemed to mrpo«e give htm the power to cancel and reissue
The question was then taken, and the amendment was disa-
greed to without a mum.
The question was then taken on the substitute for the bill,
submitted by Mr King of Ga prov.dtng for five millions by
loan,bearm,' legal interest, which was, however, disagreeded to
without a count
Mr R GARLAND submitted ths following asan additional
section to the bill
Br it fui ther enacted, That an account shall be kept in the
Treasurer's office, of each note issued under the provisions of
this act, and of the number of times each note shall be reissued;
also, of each note that shall be issued in the place of any note
pieviou-lv issued
Mr JONES said the original bill already provides that an ac-
count shall be kept of the number of the notes issued Tins bill,
as he befoie said, does not pi ovule for a reissue, but simply
gives h" Secretary powee to issue five millions in such propor
tions si the wants of the Government demand, and to keep it out
during the year.
Th  amendment was then disagreed tn without a count.
On mo ion of Mr JOES of Virginia, the committee then rose
and reported the bill to the House; when
Mr. EASTMANsaid, that, since a member of this House, this
was the fiist time he had been able to obtain the floor He
had made the attempt on two or three previous occasions, but
had been unsuccessful. He believed it to be the duty of every
gentleman, at all tunes, to make surh a speech as would most
conduce to the interest of his constituents and of the country.
He should himself pursue that course now, and in accordance
with those views he now moved the previous question, which
was seconded, and
The question then being, "Shall the main question be now
put,"
Mr R GARLAND demanded the yeas and naya; which
Wi're ordered and were—yeas 105, nays 79, as follows.
YEAS —Messrs Alford, Judson Allen, Hugh J Anderson,
Atherton, Hanks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Boyd, Brewster,
Aaron V Blown, Albert G Brown, Buike, Sampson H. But-
ler, William O Butler, Bynum, John Campbell, Carr,
Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Conner, Mark A. Cooper, Win.
R Cooper, Crary, Cross, Dana, Davee, Dawson, Dickerson,
Doan, Doig, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Fine, Fisher, Floyd, For-
nance, Galbraith,Griffin,Hanimond,Hantl, J Hastings,Hawkins,
Hill of N. C Hillen, Holleman, Holmes, Hook, Hubbard,
Jackson, J Johnson, C Johnson, Nat Jones, J W Jones,
Keim, Kemble, Ktlle, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis,
Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloeh, McKay, Marchand,
Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel W Morris,
Newhaid, Nisbet. Parrish Parmenter, Paynter, Prentiss, Ram-
sey, Reynolds, Rhet:, Rives, Edward Rogers, James Rogers,
Rial], Samuels, Shaw, Albert Smith, John Smith, Stark-
weather, Steenrod, Strong, Sutntei, Swearingen, Sweney,
Philip F Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Vandeipoel, David D
"Waeener, Watterson, Jared W Williams, Henry Williams,
and Worthington—105
NAYS—Messrs Adams, J W. Allen, Andrews, Raker, Bar-
nard, Bell, Bond, Bous, Brockway, Anson Brown, Calhoun,
Carter, Casey, Chinn, Chittenden, James Cooper, Corwin,
Crabb, Cranston Crockett, Cuitis, Cushtng, John w Davis,
Garret Dtvis, Debcrry, Dillett, Edwards, Evans, Fillmore'
Rice Garland, Goggin, Goode, Graham, Graves, Green. Ha-
bersham, William S Hastings, Hawee. Hemy, Hoffman,
Howard, James, Charles Johnston, Kempshall, Lincoln, Mc-
Caity, Marvin, Monroe, Morgan, Calvary Mniris, Naylor, Pa-
len, Pope, Profht, Rindall, Randolph, Randen,Rayner, Ridg-
way, Russell, |Saltonstall Truman Smith, Stanly, Sums,
Stuart, Talnleiro, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Waddy Thomp-
son, Tillmghast, Tolantl, 1 rumrjull, Warren, John White,
Wick, Thomas W Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L.
Williams, and Christopher H   Williams—79
So the main question was ordered to be put, which mam
question wa= "Shall (he bill be ordered tobe engrossed for a
ihnd reading?"
Mi BANKS wished to see, after so much opposition, who was
really opposed to the bill, and demanded the yeas and nays on
the engrossment, which were ordered, and were—yeas 115, nays
76 as follows
YEAS—Messrs Adams, J Allen, II. J Anderson, Ather-
ton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Blat k, Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster,
Aaron V Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, S H Rutler,
William O Buier, Bvnum, John Campbell, Carr, Case.*,
Chapman, Chinn, Clifford, Coles, Conner, M A Co per,
W R Cooper, Craiy, ( ross, Dana, Davee, J«hn W. Davis,
DtckereoB, Doan, Doig, Duncan, Earl, Eietman, Fine,
Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, Salbiauli, Griflin, Hammond, Hand,
J Hastings Hawkins, Hill of North Caiolina, Hillen, Holle-
man, Holmts, Hook, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameton,
Joseph Johnson, C Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W
Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Leadbetur, Leet Leonard, Lewis,
Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Marchand,
Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morns,
Newhaid, Nisliet, Parish, Patmenter, Paynter, Prentiss,
Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives, Edward Rogers, James
Rogers, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Albert Smith, John Smith,
Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, fcwearingen, Sweney,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thorn p.
son, Turney, Vanderpoel. David D. Wagener, Watterson,
Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, and
Worthington—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Barnard, Bell, Bond, Bolts, Brockway, Anson Brown, Cal-
houn, Carter, Jamea Cooper, Corwin, Crabb, Cranston,
Crockttt, Curtis, Gushing, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry,
Dillet, Edwards, Fillmore, Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry, Gog-
gin, Goode, Graham, Graves, Green, Habersham, William
P Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hoffman, Hopkins, James, C,
Johnston, Kempshall, Lincoln, McCarty, Marvin, Mason,
Monroe, Morgan, Calvary Morris, Naylor, Osborne, Palen,
Pope, Promt, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Ktdgway, Russell,
Saltonstall, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart,
Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson. Tillinghast, Triplett, Trum-
bull, Warren, John White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis
Williams, Joseph L. Willutms, and Christopher H. Wil-
liams—76
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed.
The question now being on the passage of the bill,
Mr PROFFIT moved to recommit the bill) with Instruction!
requiring the committee of Ways and Means to report an
amendment to the bill, appropriating 1(450 G00 far cohliriUini"
the Cumberland road in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois,
Mr BANKS said the amendment Was a violation Of ths ruli|
but he moved the precious question) which was seconded.
Some conversation here arose between the SPEAKER and.
Messrs. ADAMS, RARIDEN, and PROFFIT, as  the effect of
the previous question, whether it brought the House to a vote oü
the motion to recommit, ol oh the passage of the bill; when
The SPEAKER decided that, under the operation of the pre-
vious question, the main Question Would be, "shall the bill passl'*
Consequently, those Who voted against ordering the main ques-
tion, voted for the rejection of the bill.                                       ,
The vote was then taken on the question, "shall the main
question be now put!" and decided in the affirmative—yeas 10 ,
nays 66.                                                                              ,
YEAS-Messrs Alford, Judson Allen, Hugh J. ■*""«" "'
Atherton, Hanks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyo,
Biewter, A V. Brown, A G Brown, Burke, W O B«l[et¿Br
num. Chapman, Chinn, Clifford, Coles, Conner,  "* *•
Cooper, William R Cooper, Crabb, Crary, Cross, Dana, Davee,
Dawson, Dickemon, Doan, Do* ^"a\ *wVJ^?'n 
Fine, Fisher, Floyd, GslbraKh, 6o? u, ««bam. Habersham,
Hammond. Hand, Joh  Hajiinis, Hawkins, Hill ofVa   Hill
of N. V. rilllen, Holleman, H«lirrt^rlopkint, Hubbard, Jaek-
ton, Jameson, M Johnson, Pnv* Johnson, Ji th'l Jews, J
