2$8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
readily imagine with what difficulty the Reporter can hear
the Ff>*ker, however acute his sense of hearing. It is fre-
quently, almost impossible lor the Reportera lo apprehend
the remark* of members. The Reporters 01 the Globe have
always held themselves bound, as they now do, to make prompt
correction of any errors which they m*y have committed, or
mar hetaafter commit. It certainly would be more magnani-
mous to the Reporters, if not more decorous to the House, for
gentlemen to call upon them and demand (if there be neces-
sity Sw dema-ntt that they should correct 'heir errors, instead of
consuming the time of the House, and causing the delay of the
public business, by entertaining the galleries in indecorous,
malignant, and uncharitable denunciation against individuals,
who have not the poor privilege of repelling it on the spot in a
becoming manner, however unfounded or illiberal those
charges might be. And how much more would it show a want
of magnanimity in a gentleman armed with the tremendous
powers of the Constitution—and in whom, perchance, was the
embodiment of all the chivalry of the House— for the purpose
of attracting the admiring gaze of the galleries, to swagger forth,
conscious ot his giant powers, ami "degrade" himself by at-
tacking a puny and delenceless Reporter ' Laurels gained in
a contest, under such circumstances, would, melhinks, wither
on toe brow of the assailant before he returned to his consti-
tuency.
W. W.C. reporter.
It is known, in the noose of Representatives, that there are
two Reporters for the Globe, and the one who did not make
the report to which Mr. VV. Thompson takes exception, only
feels it necessary to repel, with scorn, the charge tluit was made
equally agataet both Reporters; and he calls upon tbehonoia-
ble gentleman to point out how, when, and where, he ever li-
belled or misrepresented any body, or made a false report of the
proceedings of the House.
The gentleman, in stating that he felt himself degraded
by noticing the Reporters lor the Globe, did not make him-
self aumetenlly intelligible. If he assumed a superiority
in rank, it is only necessary to reply, that the day hai gone by
when aristociatical distinctions could be tolerated in this coun-
try. The Reponer ¡a • citizen of the United States; and a
member of Congress is nothing more. If he assumed a supe-
riority in virtw and intellect, the ready íeply is- that is a mai-
ler lor the public, and not for the gentleman himself to decide
upon.                                                                 I- W.jr.
IN SENATE,
Wbsiubdat, April 1,1340.
Mr DaVTS presented a memorial from J. J. Robertao , pray-
ing that the children of American foreign missionaries, born
abroad, may be accounted native American citizens; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. LINN presented the memorial of the heirs of John Chal-
mers, praying compensation for property destroyed by the ene
my during the last wai; which was referred to the Committee
on Claims.
t'-e interference of Federal officers therein, was taken up;
and
Mr. BEI.I. addressed the House at great length in its support,
Mr. B. however, before finishing, eave way at the earnest soli-
citation of Mr. CoBTis, Mr. Rbed, Mr. Saltonstaix, and other
gentlemen, tor a motion to go into Committee of the Whole on
the Senate bill to remit the penalties paid by veas-'Is engaged in
the whale fishery, and to legalize their registers, which had
been reported from the Com.nittee on Commerce with an
amendment.
No opposition was made to the bill. The amendment was
•greed to, and the b II, as amended, reported to the House, when
it was read a third time, and passed forthwith.
Mr. BELL then resumed the ft x r, but, after occupying it for
a very short time, yielded to a motion for adjournment.
And thereupon, the House adjourned.
Mr. WEBSTER said he held in his hand six memorials
from inhabitants of Ohio, on the subject of domestic slavery,
which he supposed would lake the usual course of such peti-
tions.
The question of reception was, on motion by Mr. KING, la id
on the table._____
Mr. WEBSTER presented a memorial, signed by a large
number of citizens of Boston, praying for the passage of a gene-
ral rnnkmptlaw; which was referred to the Commit ee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. W. said, that with permission of the Senate, he would
now ask leave to bring in the bill on this subject, of which he
gave notice two or three days since, lie did not wish to be un-
derstood as intending to interfere with the labors of the com-
mittee who had this subject before them. He had devoted con-
siderable attention to this matter, and had examined the various
British statutes in relation to k, and had endeavored to frame a
hill which would combine the desirable qualiiies of brevity,
Cheapness, and despatch. The bill consisted ef ihii teen sec-
tions, which were not long, and we e very simple in their pro-
visions. They embrace the cases of voluntary bankruptcy
and involuntary bankruptcy, and thought that it would ensure
the cheap and speedy distribution of the assets. II the lull met
the approbation of the committee to which it would be referred, it
would give him much pleasure; if they thought it needed amend-
ment, they would of course amend it; and ifiisonly effect would
be to assist the labors of the committee in perfecting a bill, he
would be satisfied. Ins great object being to further the progress
of the measure. He moved that the bill be read, and referred to ,
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALL said that he was gratified that the Senator from
Massachusetts liad introduced his promised bill, and he would
beg leave to ask the ¿Senator from New Vork [Mr. TallmadgeJ
if he was prepared to introduce the bill of which he had given
notice. There could be but one object in relation to this mea-
sure, and that was to have it as perfect as possible. He hoped
that the bill submitted by the Senator from Massachusetts
might be printed, so that Senators might have their attention
directed to the subject before they were called upon to act
on it
Mr TALLMADGE made some remarks in reply, but in so
low a tone as not to be heard by the Reporter. He was under-
stood to say, however, that he would in a few days ask leave to
introduce a bill on the subject.
The bill was then refeired to the Commitlee on (he Judiciary,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PIERCE presented tbe memorial of sundry citizens of
Concord, N. II. praying for the passage of a general bankrupt
law;
Mr. WHITE presented a similar memorial from citizens of
Laporle, Indiana;
Mr. YOUNG presented a similar memorial from citizens of
G ilena, Illinois;
Mr. WRIGHT presented a similar memorial from citizens of
Fulton county. New York;
Mr. NORV ELL presented a similar memorial from citizens of
Michigan;
which were severally referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. YOUNG presented a document containing a statistical
description of the town of "Galena; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. Y", also presented a memorial of citizens of Illinois,
praying for the establishment of a mail route; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. NORVELL presented a memorial of inhabitants of the
counties of Kalamazoo and St. Josephs, Michigan, praying lor
a modification of the pre-emption law; which was relerred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. NICHOLAS piesented joint resolutions of the legisla-
ture of Louisiana, instructing their Senators and requesting
their Representatives to endeavor lo procure an appropriation
for a light-house at the mouth of Bayou Bonfonca,oii Lake Pont-
charlrain; which was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
ami ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a memorial of Mathew
Winslow and others, praying remuneration for errors in lantl
surreys'; which was ieferredw the Committee on the Public
Lands.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. ALLEN said he wished to make a few remarks, to which
he invited the attention of the chairman of the Committee on
the District of Columbia. The Senate was aware that the
charters of the various banks in the District expired by limi-
tation on the 4ihof July next. On the 6th of January last,
memorials were presented asking for a recharter of those
hanks, since which nearly three months have passed; andas
there has been no report from the committee, indicative ol their
intentions on the subject, and as the session is very lar ad-
vanced, he desired to give the chairman of the committee an
opportunity of stating whether or not a report on the subject
might be expected at an early day, or whether the committee
intended to take any acuon on the memoiials. He would
only add that if a bill was reponed to recharter these banks it
would probably exci'e considerable discussion. The recharter
of the banks ol this District, looking at it merely as confined to
the District, was comparatively unimportant; but he looked at
it as connected with the great struggle now going on in this
country between corporations and individuals, and our discus-
sions of ami determinan™ on the subject here, would have a
powerful influence on the destinies of the nation, whether for
good or evil. It was with this view of its importance he had
felt it his duty to ask for information on the intentions of the
committee.
Mr. MERRICK stated that the committee had given tc this
question of rechartertng the banks of the District all i he atten-
tion it was in their powet to bestow; and he would inform the
Senator from Ohio, and the Senate generally, that the commit-
tee had a bill in an advanced state of piefiaration to renew, or
extend at least, the charléis of the banks ol the District, and a
report might be expected in two or three days at farthest. The
delay adverted to by the Senator from Ohio, was occasioned by
the anxiety of the committee to have as full and as perfect an
understanding of the condition and resources of the
hanks as it was possible to obtain, and to have the advantage of
all the developments that might occur. He would repeat that
the Senate would, in the course of two or three days, have the
views of the committee presented to them, and would have a
full oppoitunity of discussing their propriety.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the bill 10 cancel the bonds given,
and remit the penalties paid, by vessels engaged in the whale
fishery, as amended by the [louse, was taken up for considera-
tion, and the amendment was concurred in.
On motion by Mr. MOUTON, the bill to confirm claims to
lands in the district between the Rio Hondo and Sabine rivers,
was taken up, and after being considered, was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third readme.
On motion by Mr. TAP PAN, the bill for the relief of Jacob
Greaves was taken up, and after being discussed, was ordered
to be enerossed for a third reading.
The CHAIR submitted a report from the Secretary of War,
made in compliance with a resolution of the Senate, in relation
to the difficulties which have existed, and the arrangements
made, or attempted to be made, between the Government and
the Cherokee Indians; which was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
MILITARY  AND   NAVAL   PREPARATIONS   ON   OUR
NORTHERN FRONTIER.
The CHAIR submit'ed the following message from the Pre-
sident of the United States:
To the Senate:
I communicate to the Senate, in compliance with their reso-
lution of the IAh instant, a report from the Secretary of War,
containing information on (he subject of that resolution.
M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, 28th March, IMC
War Department,
March27, 1840.
Sir: The resolution of the Senate of the 12th instant, "That
the President of the United States be requested to communicate
to the Senate, if in his judgment, compatible with the public
interest, any information which may be in the possession of the
Government, or which can be conveniently obtained, of the mi-
litary and naval preparations of the British authorities on the
Northern frontier of ihe United Stairs, from Lake Superior to
the Atlantic ocean; designating ihe oermanent from the tempo-
rary and field works, and particularly by noting those which are
within the claimed limits of the United States;" having been
referred by you to this Department, it was immediately referred
to Major General Scotl, and other officers who have been sta-
tioned on the frontier referred to, for such infoimationon the
subject as they possessed, and could leadily procure; and an
examination is now in progress forsuch as may be contained in
the ale  of this Department. General Scott is the only officer
yet heard from; and a copy of his report is herewith submitted,
together with a copy of that to which he refers, made upon the
resolution of the House of Representatives of the 9th instant.
As soon as the other officers who have been called upon, are
heard from, and the examination of the file  of the Department
is completed, any further information which may be thus ac-
quired will bu immediately laid before you.
Veiy respectfully,
Your most obedient servant,
J. R. POINSETT.
To the President of the United States.
Head Quarters Eastern Division,
Elixabethtown, N. J. March 23, 1840.
Sír: I have received from your office copies of two resolu-
tions, passed, respectively, the 12th and 9th instant, one by ihe
Senate, and the other by the House of Representatives; and I
am asked for "any information on the subject of both, or either
of the resolutions, that may be In fmyl possession "
In respect to the naval lorce recently maintained upon the
American lakes by Great Britain, I have just had the honor to
report to the Secretary of War, by whom the resolution of the
House of Representatives (of the 9th instant) was directly re-
ferred to me.
lnow confine myself to the Senate's resolution, respecting
"military (I omit naval] preparations ol the British authorities
on the Northern frontiers of the United States, Irom like Su-
perior to the Atlantic ocean, distinguishing the permanent from
the temporary and field works, and particularly noting those
which are within the claimed limits of the United States."
I will here remark that, however well my duties have made
me acquainted with the greater |>art of the line in question, I
have uaid but alight attention to the forts and barracks erected
by the British authorities near the borders of Maine, above
Fredericton, in New Brunswick, or in Upper Canada, above
Cornwall, being of the fixtd opinion (which need not here be
developed) that all such structures would be of little or no
military value to either of the parties in the event of a new
war between the United States and Great Britain.
I was, last summer, at the foot of Lake Superior, and neither
saw nor heard of any British fort or barrack on the St. Mary's
river, the oulletof that lake.
Between Lakes Huron and Erie, the British have three eels
of barracks: one at Windsor, opposite to Detroit; one at Sand-
wich, a little lower down; and the third at Maiden, eighteen
miles from the first; all built ol sawed logs, strengthened by
blockhouses, loopholes, &c. Maiden has long been a military
post, with slight defences. These have been recently strength-
ened. The works at Sandwich and Windsor have, also, I
think, been erected within the last six or eight months.
Near the mouth of the Niagara the British have two small
forts- - George and Messisanga. Roth existed during the Inst
war. The latter may be termed a permanent work. Slight
barracks have been erected within the last two years, on the
same side, near the Falls and at Chippewa, with breastworks
at the latter place; but nothing, I believe, above the works first
named, on the Niagara, which can be termed a fort.
Since the commencement of recent troubles in the Cañadas,
and (consequent thereupon) within our limits, Fort William
Henry at Kingston and Fort Wellington, opposite to Ogdens-
burg, (nld works,) have both been strengthened, within then.-
selves, besides the addition of dependencies. These forts may
be called permanent.
On the St. Lawrence, below Prescott, and confronting our
territory, I know of no other military post. Twelve miles
above, at Brockville, there may be temporary barracks and
breastworks. I know that of late, Brockville has been a milita-
ry station.
In the system of defences on the approaches to Montreal, the
isle Aux Noix, a few miles below our line, and in the outlet of
lake Champlain, stands at the head. This island contains with-
in itself a system of permanent works of great strength. On them
the British Government has, from time to time, since the peace
of 1815, expended much skill and labor.
Odletown, near our Hne, on the western side of lake Cham-
plain, has been a station for a body of Canadian militia, foi two
years, to guard the neighborhood Irom refugee incendiaries from
our side. I think that barracks have been erecied therefor the
accommodation of those troops, and also at a station, with the
like object, near Alburgh, in Vermont.
It is believed that there are no important British forts, or ex-
tensive British barracks, on our borders, from Vermont to
Maine.
In respect to such structures on on ike disputed territory,
Governor Fairfield's published letters contain fuller informa-
tion than has reached me through any other channel. I have
heard of no new military preparations by the British authori-
ties on the St Croix or PasBamaquoddy bay.
Among such preparations, perhaps I ought not to omit the
fact that Great Britain, besides numerous corps of well orga-
nized and well instructed militia, has, at this time, within her
North American provinces, more than 20,000 of her best regular
troops. The whole of those forces might be brought to the
verge of our territory in a few days. Two-thirds of that regular
lorce has arrived out since the spring of 1838.
I remain sir, with great respect,
Your most obedient servant,
WIN FIELD SCOTT.
Brig. Gen. R. Jones. Adjutant General U. S. A.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
The bill for the continuation of the Cumberland road in the
States of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, was then taken up, the
question being on the amendment proposed by Mr. Clay of
Alabama, to strike out the iwo per cent, clause.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky proposed a modification of the
amendment; which being accepted by Mr. Clay of Alabama,
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky addressed the Senate in favor of the
amendment; and the question being (aken ibereou. it was re-
jected—ayes 17, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS-Messis. Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Henderson, King,
Lumpkin, Phelps, Premiss, Preston, Ruggles, Southard,
Strange, and Webster—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen. Anderson, Benton, Brown, Ctiihbert,
Fulton, Grundy, Linn, Nicholas, Pierce, Robinson, Smith of
Indiana, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Wall, White, Wright,
and Young—19.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama then proposed, as an amendment, to
strike out all after the enacting clause o( the bill, and insert the
following asn substitute:
"That the two per cent, of the nctt proceeds of the sales of pub-
lic lands in the several States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Mis
souri, which may accrue aler the passage of this act, and which
