302
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
granting  the Mississippi and Rock river Canal company a
portion of the public lauda for the purposes therein expressed;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BUCHANAN submitted additional documents in rela-
tion to the memorial oflhe clerks in the cistom-houseal Phila-
delphia: which, with (ha memorial, were ordered to be printed.
Mr. SOUTHARD presented the petition of William B. Me-
lt uruie.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims, to which
had been referred bills from the House
For the relief of Richard Booker and others;
For the relief of Gamaliel E. Smith; and
Far the relief of Thomas W. Taylor;
reported the same severally without amend rent.
Mr. II. also I'rom-tlie same committee to which was re/erred
House bills
For the relief of Nicholas Hedges; and
For the relief of James Cox;
made silvers) reports thereon respectively.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, 10 which was referred
the peution on the subject, reported a bill for the relief of N. G.
Hamilton; which was read, and ordered to a second leading.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to which were relerred
The petition of John Scrivener and others;
The petition of N. G. Hamilton; and
The petition of the heirs of John Chalmers;
made adverse reports therean; which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on the Judiciary, to
which was referred the bill for the relief of the administrator of
Joseph Edson, made an adverse leport thereon; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. TALLMADGE submitted the following resolution for
consideration:
Resolved, That the President be requested to cause to be laid
before the Senate, as early as practicable, the whole of the pro-
ceedings of a court martial recently assembled at Charlestown,
Missachuselta, for the trial of 2d Lieutenant Louis F. Whitney,
of the Marine Corps; the charges and specifications against
him; as well as*all correspondence had in relation thereto, be-
tween the Secretary of the Navy, or any one else by his direc-
tions, and all other persons whomsoever: also, that he be re-
quested to communicate whether a certain letter, signed •' G
W. Davis," containing allegations against Lieut. Whitney, re-
ceived by the Secretary of the Navy in December last, did not
on the trial prove to be fictitious; as well, also, whether any
•tepe have been taken for the purpose of discovering the writer
or author of the said letter
Agreeably to not ce, Mr. TALLMADGE asked and obtained
leave to bring in a bill to establish an uniform system of bank-
ruptcy throughout the United Stales; winch was read twice,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered 10
be printed.
Agreeably to previous notice, Mr. SEVIER asked and ob-
tained leave to bring in a bill for the relief of George Duval and
«hers; which was read twice, andieferredto the Committee on
the Judiciary.
The bill to relinquish the reveisionary interest of the United
Sutes to a certain reservation in the Slate of Alabama, was
read a third time, and passed.
The bill for the discontinuance of the office of surveyor ge-
neral in the several districts, so soon as the surveys therin can
be completed, and for abolishing land offices under certain cir-
cumstances, was taken up.
The third section of the bill to abolish the office of Solicitor
was stricken out of the bill.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama had then offered an amendment to
abolish the office of Recorder of the General Land Office. The
amendment was advocated by Mr. CLAY ot Alabama, and
opposed by Messrs. KING, PRESTON, TAPPAN, and
CLAYTON,and rejected— ayes 18, nays 25, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Crittenden, Fulton, Grundy, Henderson, Hubbard, Lumpltin,
Merrick, Norvell, Pierce. Preston, Roane, Strange, Tappan, and
White-18.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-
ton, Davis,Dixon, King, Linn, Mouton, Nicholas, Phelps, Por-
ter, Prentiss, Robinson, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Connecticut,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Sturgeon, Tdilmadge, Wall, Web-
ster, Wright, and Youngf—25.
The bill was ihen, alter being amended on motion of Mr.
8MITH of Indiana, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.                     i^f
JBÜMBERLAND ROAD.
The bill for ^^continuation of the Cumberland road in the
( tales of Ohidf Indiana, and Illinois, was then taken up, the
( uestion beV5 °n the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. SOUTHARD addressed the Senate at length in opposi-
tion to th/fhill. While he believed fully that Congress had the
constitutional power to appropriate money for works of inter-
Dai iarprovement, he was opposed to borrowing money for that
«■ The Administration had not recommended this ap.
.. Bpnation, the Secretary of the Treasury had not included it
in his annual estimates, and he, for one, was not willing to sub-
ject himself, and the party with, which he acted, to the charge
of extravagant appropriations, after the lecture they had re-
ceived from the Executive on the subject of economy. Ho ad-
verted to the annual message of the President, and particularly
that portion of it recommending economy in the public expen-
ditures, and denounced it as the most impudent and the most in-
sulting lecture that has ever been given to any Congress by any
man who has ever honored or dishonored the Executive chair.
Mr. S. was followed by
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky, who said he had always believed
that the Constitution confenedthe power on Congress lo make
appropriations for the construction of works of internal im-
provement.    But while he believed this, he could not support
the present bill, when it would be necessary to create a na-
tional debt to procure funds for carrying on the road.     He al-
luded to the veto on the Maysville road bill, and said that, since
that period, the three States ofOhio, Indiana, and Illinois, have
bada monopoly of the favors of the Government in the way of
appropriations for internal   improvement, to the exclusion of
all   the  other  States of the   Union.     He  said   that   these
three States had  supported   the   Administration,   and   the
Executive who vetoed the   Maysville turnpike road, which
wa* a link   in  the  great southwestern   arm of the National
road, and now  support  an   Administration  pledged  to the
■ame  principles;   and  a   majority  of  the   delegates   from
thote   States   have always  voted   against the bill to dis-
tribute the  proceeds of  the public   lands   among the  se-
▼eial State , which would enable all to participate in the
benefits which were now enjoyed by these three States ex-
clusively. He referred to the great expense of the road, which
in Indiana cast at the rate of $14,1X30 per mile, while in Ken-
tucky die Stale had constructed upwards of six hundred miles
ol Macadamized road at arate of about $6000 per mile. He
attributed this to a shameful waste of the public money, or that
those who had the management of the road considered them-
selves as entitled to a share ol the public spoils, and had go-
verned themselves accordingly. Considering the embarrassed
state of the Treasury, and considering the propriety of the mem-
bers of the Opposition avoiding even the appearance of coun-
tenancing extravagant appropriations, he thought the best
course would be to remit the whole subject to President Harri-
son, who would take possession of the White House on the 5lh
of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred
and forty-one.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana followed in reply to Messrs. SOUTH-
ARD and CLAY of Kentucky. He examined the several posi-
tions assumed by those gentlemen, and argued to show their
unsoundness. They had pretended to oppose its present prose-
cution on the ground that the country was in debt; while the
journals would show that those gentlemen had voted for much
larger appropriations for this road, when the national debt was
ten times greater than at present. They oppose it now when
we have a debt of five millions of Treasury notes, and yet they
voted for larger appropriations for the road when we had a na-
tional debt of fifty millions of dollars. The Senator from Ken-
tucky iMr. Clay] had stated that as he had voted against the
Treasury Note bill, he felt it would not be right in him to vote
for a bill which would draw so much money from the Trea-
sury. But the Senator is well aware that the bill was passed:
that the Treasury has been supplied with means, which, if not
expended on this road, will be expended on other objects in which
the people ef the West have no interest. Rut the Senators from
Kentucky [Mr. Clay] and New Jersey [Mr. Southard] have
given us another reason for voting against this bill—that it has
not been recommended by the Administration. This is a stiange
argument, coming from that quarter. When (lid (hey begin
to take the recommendations of the Administration as
the guide for their conduct? He felt that he was as
much disposed as either of those gentlemen to take the
Administration for his guide, but he would not permit
the recommendation of this Administration, or of any other,
to influence htm to give a vote which his judgment
and conscience told him was wrong. The President had re-
commended the Sub-Treasury bill. Had either of those gentle-
men been influenced by his recommendation? Did they vote
for it? I come here, said Mr. S. to represent a sovereign and in-
depenilent State, and not to represent this Administration; and
what I feel that duty to my State and to my country commands
me to do, that I will do. utterly regardless whether the Admi-
nistration points to the right or to the left. While every other
appropriation of the Government is supported, this alone is
singled out as an object of attack. While millions upon mil-
lions are expended on your seaboard, this small appropriation
for the favorite measure of the West is to be denied. He had
expected that if this great measuie was to receive the fatal
blow, it would go down by the hands of its enemies, and not by
the hands of its piofessed friends.
Mr. YOUNG followed at length in reply to Messrs. Clay
and Sodthakd. He said the fiat had gone foifh, and the bill
must fall; but he said the road would not be relinquished, and
the States interested in it would soon be enabled to present it
under more potent auspices, if not here, at least in another
wing of the Capitol, when he trusted they would be able to
make their rights felt and respected. He had thought that
when the appropriations in this bill had been cut il wn to
one-half their original amount, it would have been
permitted to pasa He scouted the idea that because this
country was in debt to the trivial amount of five millions of dol-
lars, that was a sufficient reason for stopping this great national
work. We had seen votes appropriating larger sums when
the Treasury was in a much worse condition than at present.
Mr. Y. then quoted various passages (rom the journal in sup
port of his argument; and, after some further remarks from
Messrs. CLAY of Kentucky, and SMITH of Indiana,
The question was taken, Shall this bill be ordered to be en
grossed fora third reading? and the yeas and nays being demand-
ed, it was decided in the negative—ayes 20, noes 22, as follows'
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanae, Davis, Fulton,
Grundy, Linn, Mernck, Nicholas, Porter, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan, Webster,
White, Wrieht, and Young- 20.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Alaba-
ma, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Dixon,
Henderson, Hubbard, King, Lumpkin, Phelps, Pierce, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Roane, Ruggles, Smith of Connecticut, Southard,
and Slranae—22.
So the bill was lost.   (
A motion was then made that the Senate adjourn until Mon-
day next.
Mr. BENTON hoped it would be withdrawn, as the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs were anxious that the bill providing
for an increase of the military force in the suffering Territory
of Florida should be taken up, and he proposed that the bill
should be taken up tomorrow.
The motion to adjourn until Monday was sustained,and
The Senate adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
FniDAr, April 3, 1810.
Mr. GALBRAITII, by general consent, laid before the House
certain documents in relation to the claim of Mary Biookhau-
sen of Pennsylvania (now aged about 103 years) the widow ol
Capta'n Brookhausen deceased; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
The CHAIR announced that the business first in order was
the resolution reported from the Committee of Elections, by Mr.
Campbell, chairman, to print all the testimony in relation lo
the New Jersey contested election; and the amendment to said
resolution by Mr. Garland of Louisiana, to discharge the com-
mittee from the further consideration of certain testimony now
before it, fnr the purpose of having it printed.
Mr. FILLMORE, who was still entitled to the floor on the
above question, defended the positions he had assumed in rela-
tion to the difference of opinion existing between the minority
and the majority of the committee, as to their proceedings. lie
intimated that he wished to avoid any difficulty as to those dif-
ferences of opinion. His object was then as it always had been,
peace and harmony. Mr. F. having concluded his remarks,
which will be published hereafter,
Mr. CRABB obtained the floor. He wished to say a few
words, not beeause he fell himself implicated by any of the re
marks which had been made by members of the majority. The
matter had been so long discussed, that he felt the House should
be relieved from further infliction by the debate; but he thought
¡t due to his colleagues in the minority to say a few words.
Whatever might be the facts as to the reading of theevidence;
whatever gentlemen might remember in regard to it,isnotthe inv
portant question. The burden of the complaint is not as to how
much of the testimony was reail, but that the committee did not
give the testimony due weight. The journal shows the fact that a
large portion of the testimony was excluded; and the report of
the majority is based on who liad the largest number of votes.
In justice to his colleagues of the minority, Mr. C. would state
what he reco lected in regard to the fact of reading the evidence.
They were for making a report in favor of those who held the
certificates of the Governor, given in pursuance of law, be-
lieving it the highest evidence of return. Other gentlemen
were in favor of a report made on a different basis. The testi-
mony before the committee was read, just so far as was neces-
sary to determine whether it was competent or not. In regard
to the claimants who held the commissions, there was only one
deposition read, as he remembered. Mr. C. examined the tes-
timony himself thoroughly, so far as was material to bring his
mind to a concct conclusion upon the points raised in com-
mittee. The question ofiegality of votes never was considered;
the minority, in their report, had never asserted that the testi-
mony was not read to determine its competency, but that it was
not lo be read with a view to its effect on the committee. The
whole of it never was read, in fact, for any purpose; and little,
if any, wag ever iead with a view to its effect upon any of the
questions before the committee. None was read with a view
tosettle die legality of the votes polled, lor that question was ne-
ver examined by the committee with a view to its determina-
tion.
Mr. C. stated his course in reference to the testimony. He
had voted against the admission of a large portion of it, ad-
duced by both sides, under the circumstances, mainly with a
view to afford an opportunity to the several persons claiming
the contested seats to perfect their testimony. He believed it
would have been the proper course for both the majority and
minority of the committee to have submitted their repórtelo (he
House al the same time, that the matter might have gone forth
to the country together with the evidence and journal of tee
commute . The members of the committee stood in a delicate
position towards each other; and, in order (o avoid differences
between them, they should not have taken part in the debate,
but left it to the other members of the House. Mr. C. said the
report of the minority had been refused an introduction into the
House until the majority report had been acted on. If gentle,
men would refer to the journal of the 10th of March, previously
to the decision of the House on the resolution offered by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvauia, [Mr. Pbtbikin,] they would see that
the House did refuse to receive the minority report. It re-
quired a vote of two-thirds to receive it; and, in consequence,
it was rejected. He said it should have been received, that the
views of the minority might have their proper influence. If he
was not satisfied that the House was tired of the subject, he
would take it up and show the principles ef action of the ma-
jority and minority, and the motives which actuated himself.
But he proposed that the matter might here be closed, and
therefore refrained from further remark.
Mr. CVJSHING having obtained the floor, said he had sought
it for some time in order to bring this discussion to a close. He
begged leave to say that this debate, obstructing, as it did dur-
ing the morning hour, the whole public business, had become a
public nuisance. He moved the previous question. [Cries of
"Good, good."]
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Caioliuaappealed to Mr. Cussing
to withdraw the demand for only ten minutes; and he pledged
himself not to occupy the House longer than that time.
Mr. WISE suggested that his colleague, [Mr. Botts,] a mem-
ber of the committee, and who was very much interested in this
matter in a personal view, was not present. Mr. W. did not
know what the gentleman from South Carolina designed to say,
but he hoped that, if it was any thing which required explana-
tion or reply from his colleague, an opportunity would be given
for reply. Mr. W. saw no reason why the debate should not
be arrested now.
After some desultory conversation, Mr. CUSHING said that,
as gentlemen all around him objected to his withdrawing the de-
mand for the previous question, he must persistió it.
The previous question was then seconded, and the main
question ordered; which main question was on the adoption of
the amendment and resolution.
Mr. RICE GARLAND proposed to modify his amendment
to read as follows:
" And that the said committee be instructed to report the evi-
dence referred to it on the 6th of March, which was delivered to
the chairman of (he committee previous to the report being
adopted, and which the majority refused to open, or send to the
Speaker to be opened, in order that it mieht be considered, and
that the same be printed."
The SPEAKER ruled the modification out of order, because
it contained a proposition irrelevant to the matter before the
House.
Mr, R. GARLAND then withdrew it.
The question was then taken on the amendment of Mr. G. as
originally offered, and it was rej cted.
The question recurring on the adoption of the resolution re-
ported by the committee,
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina saidhe wished to see who
would ohject to printing the testimony, and demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered, and were—yeas 147,
nays 3.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. PICKENS, on leave, presented certain documents from
the United States Consul at Canton, (Mr. Snow,) in addition to
those already laid before the House, which, on motion of Mr.
P. were referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed,
Mr. LINCOLN, by the unanimous consent of the House, in
behalf of his colleague, Mr. Lawrence, who is still confined to
his room by sickness, presented the following petitions: The
petition of Joseph Balch, president of the Merchants' Insurance
Company, and the officers of numerous insurance comranies,
merchants, shipmasters, shipowners, and pilots, asking for an
appropriation for the erection of a light house on Present' 
Rock, in the harbor of Boston; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. Of John Lilly and others, manufac-
turers of umbrellas and parasols, asking to have the duty re-
