CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
makes a donation to (be State, for that purpose, of
one hundred thousand acres of land.
Mr. NORVELL, said that the proposrd canal,
when constructed, would connect the navigation of
Lake Huron and the lower lakes with Lake Supe-
rior. It would not exceed a mile and a half to two
miles in length. By surreys and estimates, the
cost of the canal for navigation by sloops and
schooners would not amount to more than about
one hundred and twenty-fire thousand dollars.
Two hundred thousand, or two hundred and fiAy
thousand dollars would render it navigable to
steamboats. It was a great Sute work, eminently
conduciré to the prosperity of the commerce and
fisheries of the northwest, and deserving, from us
general and commercial character, of the patronage
of the Federal Government. The bill was mode-
rale in its demand. It asked only one hundred
thousand acres of land to aid the State of Michi-
gan in the construction ol the proposed onal. It
was unnecessary for him to dila'e upon the impor-
tance of a work which all, who understood the
geography and resources of that fertile and vast re-
gion of country, would duly appreciate.
Mr. BE5ITON observed, that the object of the
bill was not only a good, but a great one. A canal
opening a communication from the lower Lakes to
Like Superior—a lake, he believed, little, if at all,
inferior to the Caspian sea—was a great work. It
was second in importance only to the canal around
the Palls of the Ohio. He desired to know from
the Senator who had charge of the bill, what were
the means for making this canal: whether it was to
be a State work, or whether it was to be put into
the hands of a company, or a corporation.
Mr. NORVELL replied, that the work was
to be exclusively a State work. No company
or corporation was to hare any concern in
it He would not him «elf ask a cent from
Congress to aid any corporation, or any mo-
nopoly. And, if the Senator from Missouri
desire i any further assurance, he would have
no objection to an amendment to the bill,
making the proposed grant to the State, on the
condition that the work should be made by her
alone, and that she should be its sole owner. With
regard to the means for ihe construction of the ca-
nal, be trusted that, by a judicious selection and sale
of the land, it would of it-elf yield a sufficient sum
to complete the work.
Mr. HENDERSON said, that he was decidedly
in favor of making grants of land to the States for
the purpose of constructing works of internal im-
provement. He should vote for the bill. He was
on!y desirous of ascertaining whether it contained
a provision preventing the sale of the land, under
the minimum price fixed by law.
The bill was read containing such a provision,
and was thereupon, without farther debate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill authorizing the relinquishment of the six-
teenth sections granted for the uss of schools, and
the entry of other lands in lieu thereof, was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
The Sena'e then adj jurned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mondav, April 6, 1810.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a communication
from the Navy Department, covering copie  of the corre-
spondence heretofore called for in relation to the light-house
•n Plynn's knoll, ice. referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
h\tn, sundry deposition  in relation to the New Jersey elec-
tion: referred to the Committee of Elections.
This was the day set arMrt, by the ralea, for the reception of
resolutions, &c.
At the adjournment of the House last resolution day, an ap-
peal was pending from the decision of the Chair, and which
was taken under the following circumstances:
In pursuance of notice given,  Mr.   Karidín   had asked
leave to introduce a bill providing for the continuation of the
Cumberland road through the. States  of Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois.
Mi. DaoMoooLBat that time objected to the motion for leave
■'?!? Pü1'0n the ?round tna*he wished to debate it.
rhe SpRiREH thereupon decide J that the motion for leave to
introduce a bill must be subject to the restriction  and limita-
tions contained in the rules in lelation to resolution , (that i  to
rayi j   -j*"7 res° Mons giving ri*e to debate must lie over;)
and decided, therefore, that this motion for leave, giving rise to
debate, must lie over.
Mr. DROMQOOLE moved to lay the motion for leave on the
table.
Mr. RARIDEN appealed from the decision of the Chato
that the motion for leave to introduce*  biK, giving rtae'to debate
mutt In over.
And the question being on the appeal, the previous question,
was moved and seconded, and, pendinj the main question, the
House adjourned.
And the question this maraing recurring on the appeal,
Mr. RARIDEN moved a call of the House.
The SPEAKER eaki the motion was not m arder, pending
the previous question; but that a call might be had by general
consent.
Which having been obtained, the Clerk called the roll, when
117 member  answered to their name .
And the names of the abaenieea having been called, 137 mem-
bers were ascertained to be present.
When, on motion of Mr. BANKS, all further proceedings in
the call were suspended.
And the main question (on the appeal) was ordered to be now
taken.
Mr. CASEY asked the yea  and nays on the main question;
which were ordered.
And the main question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
«land as the judgment of the Houeel" was then taken, anu de-
cided in the affirmative: yeas 119, nays 23.
So the dociaion of the Chair was affirmed.
And, thereupon, Mr. RARIDEN withdraw hie motion for
leave lo introduce the aiul bill.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to call the States for resolu-
tions, commencing where it was suspended on the last resolu-
tion day, to wit, the State of Indiana.
Mr. RARIDEN asked toe House at this time to take up
and consider a resolution heretofore offered by him, calling
on the War Department for certain information in relation
to the officers of the army employed in paying Indian annul 
tie , dec
Mr. BANKS objected.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS (remarking that the resolution was
a very important one) asked the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered, and, being taken, were, yeas 71, nays 79.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. REYNOLDS, in pursuance of notice heretofore given,
asked leave to introduce a till granting pre-emption rights to
seuler  on the public lands.
Objection being made,
Mr. R. moved a suspension of the rale, and asked the yeas
and nays: which were ordered, and, being taken, were: yeas
67, nays 73.
So the rules were not suspended.
On motion of Mr. CaSEY,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of reporting a bill providing
for the apportionment of the representation under the census of
1840, so as that the Representatives to the Twenty-seventh
Congress may be made agreeably to said apportionment and
census.
Mr. CRABB moved a suspension of the rule for the purpose
of taking up a resolution heretofore offered, providing for an
amendment of the Constitution, by which the Presidential term
shall be limited tc four years.
Mr. C. having explained that his object was to have the re-
solution referred to the Committee of the Whole on the .¡ate of
the Union, asked the yeas and nays on the motion to suspend
the rule; which were ordered, an I, being taken, were—yeas 77,
nays 61, not two-thirds.
So the rules were not suspended.
Numerous other motions were made to suspend the rules for
the purpose of taking up and considering different resolutions;
all which motions were tejected ny counts or divisions.
Mr. DOTY, in pursuance of notice, asked leave to intro-
duce a bill to provide for the construction ¡of harbors in Wis-
konsin.
Also, a bill in relation tofthe southernj boundary of Wii-
konsin.
Objection was made in both cases.
Mr. DAVIS, of Kentucky, in pursuance of notice, asked
leave to introduce a bill vesting the appointment ef th  district
attorneys and marshals of Die United states in certain courts
thereof, and providing that the emoluments of the said attorneys
shall in no case exceed £3,000.
Objection was made, but withdrawn.
And the question being put on leave, no quorum voted.
Mr. DAVIS then asked the yeas and nays, which were
ordered,'and being taken, were—yes 60, nays 66.
So leave was refused.
Mr. W. O. BV TLER of Kentucky offered the following:
Resolved, That so much of the 27ih rule of this House as
requires the meraber'addressing the Chair to confine himself to
the question under discussion, and which for years past has
been obsolete in practice, is essential alike to the progress of
business, and the decorum of debate, and ought to be en-
forced.
Mr. B. disclaimed any intention to reflect upon the Sfeaksb.
Mr. WISE made objection, but withdrew it.
Mr. BIUGGS proposed to amend the resolution so as to add
to the end thereof the words, "and that this House will sus-
tain the Chair in a rigid enfoi cement of all iis rules."
Mr. DAVVSO\" said that, as he supposed the object of the
gent'eman from Kentucky had been attained by offeiinglhe
resolution, he (Mr. I).) would move to lay it on the table.
Mr. ATHERTON aiked the yeas and nays on that motion.
Mr. ALFUItD renewed the objection. The resolution con-
tained a reflection on the Speaker, who was not answerable
for the disorder of this House. Besides he (Mr. A.) did not
wish to. gas the Democracy.
Mr. BRIGQS suggested that the objection was new too late,
and that the resolution had been received.
The SPE \ KER decided the objection to be in order.
Mr. BUTLER thereupon moved a suspension of the rule,
and asked the yeas and nays, which were ordered, and being
taken, were: Yeas 74, nays 18, as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. John W. Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, An-
drews, Atherton, Beatty, Beirne, Blackwell, Bond, Boyd, BriggS,
Aaron V. Brown, Burke, W. O. Butler, Bynum, Carr, Casey,
Chapman, Cutlord, Cules, Conner, Craig, Crary, Cross, Dana,
John W. Davis, Dickerson, Doan, Earll, Eastman, Fletcher,
Hind, Hawkins, Henry, Hi lien, Howard, Jameson, Joseph
Johnajn, Keim, Kemble, Killc, Leet, Leonard, Lincoln,Lowell,
Lucas, McClellan, McCuUoch, McKay, Mallory, Marchand,
Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parish, Farmenter,-Ramsey,
Rariden. Rhett, Robinson, Samuels, John Smith, Starkweather,
Bteenrod, Stuart, Sweney, Taylor, Philip F. Thomas, Triplet!,
Turney, Vanderpoel, Vroom, Watterson, Wetter, Wick, and
Jared W.   Williams-74.
NAYS—Messrs.  Adams,   Alford,   Banks, Black, Carter,
James Cooper, Cranston, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry,
Dillet, Duncan, Edwards, Everett, Fillmore, Fisher, Rice
Garland, Gates, Giddings. Graham, Graves, Griffin, Otlnnell,
Habersham, Hawes, Hoffman, Helleman, James, Jenifer,
Charles Johnston, Kempshall, Mitchell, Morgan, Ogle, Pope,
Rayoor, Reed, Reynolds, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Albert
Smith, Stanly, John White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis
Williams, C  H. Williams, and Wise—48.
So (two-thirds not voting therefor) the rales were not sus-
pended.
Mr. WISE, (by general consent) presented, the petition of
one hundred and fifty citizens of the United States, praying lor
a revision of the punishment of Wm. L. McKenxie; which, on
motion of Mr. W. was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. J. W. WILLIAMS offered th  following resolution, which
lies over:
Retolved, That the Committee on Military ¿flairs be Instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of establishing a military de-
pot near our northern frontier, in the State of New Hampshire.
On motion ofMr. PARMENTER,
/retorced, That the Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making an appro-
priation for a survey and examination of the condition or the
islands contiguous to the main channel to Boston harbor, and
for preparing plans and estimates of the probable cost of sea-
walls necessary for their protection; and that said committee
be ah  instructed to inquire into the expediency of making an
appropriation duringthe present session of Congress for build-
ing a sea-wall for the preservation of either of said islands.
On motion of Mr. W. S. HASTINGS,
Retolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be instructed
to inquire into the expediency of diffusing information on the
processor manufacturing sugar from the beet by procuring the
publication of a brief treatise on the subject.
On motion of Mr. CALHOUN,
Retolved, That the Postmaster General report t  this House
the causes of thedelay and irregularity of the mails between the
cities of New York and Boston, and especially whether any
measures have bee i adopted, or are ia contemplation, to insure
to the mail between New York and New Haven the despatch
and regularity with which it was carried before the steamboat
arrangement was annulled.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS,
Retolved, That the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the consideration of so much of
the message of the Pn sident of the United States to Congress at
the commencement of their present session as relates to the
fraudulent use of our flag by foreigners, and to the sale and
transfer of American vessels while abroad, and that the same
be referred to the Committee on Commerce, with instructions
to investigate that subject, with liberty to send for persons and
papers, and to report a bill for the effectual suppression
of the abuse of our flag, and the preservation tof its integrity
and honor.
On motion of Mr. LINCOLN,
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be instructed
to inform this House whether any part, and, if so, what propor-
tion, of the appropriation proposed in th  bill reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means for the civil and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year 1840, which are appli-
cable to the construction of the Treasury building aid of tin
Patent Office, have been, anticipated tn the purchase of mate-
rials, or labor performed, up to the present time; and whether,
in the estimates made by him, «ad submitted in his report to
Congress, of sums proper to be appropriated to those objects, a
sufficient amounfwill be provided to pay for materials already
purchased and labor performed, and to continue the work
without interruption through the season, and with the proper
force to secure the earliest and most economical completion of
the buildings.
On motion of Mr. TILLINGHAST,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Past
Roads he instructed to inquire into the expediency of reduc-
ing the rates of postage, and dispensing with the fractional parts
of  cent theiein.
On motion of Mr. OSBORNE,
Retolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Claim  be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting pensions
to Susan Ellwood and Lysia Lockwood; and that this resolution,
with'.he accompanying papers, be referred lo that committee.
Mr. EVERETT offered the following resolution, which lie*
over:
.Recced, That the Secretary of the Treaswy be directed to
lay before this Hon   a statement of th* banks in Which Tres 
sur y notes, issued underthe acts of iSTMg, and  fl, have bean,
by his department, deposited in soneetjuence of having received
certificates ef special deposites in specie to the credit of the
Treasurer, with the rates of interest on sutih notes, ef the data
and amount of each deposite ef Treasury notes, and of each
certificate of such special deposites in specie, and ef the amount
standing to the credit of the Treasurer in each of Safd banks at
the date of the first deposite of Tieasury feotes'therein'. \Ar,d
also a monthly statement of the amount of all other moneys die-
posited in such banks to the credit of said Treasurer, and of all
drafts drawn against such deposite ,stating the transactions with
each bank in a separate account. And also, copies of all corre-
spondence between his department and such bank, relating lo
the making such special deposites in specie, and to the making
such deposites in Treasury notes.
On motion of Mr. JONES ef New York,
Retolved, That the Committee en the Post Office And Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the necessity of establishing a,
host route fromTJnionviile, in Orange county, New York, to
Deckertown, Sussex county, New Jersey.
On motion of Mr. GFRINNELL,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be dtrecUtfta
inquire into the expediency of providing by law that the riantee
of the owners shall be inserted in the papers taken by vessels at
the customhouses, expressing therein the tntsfest oftbe respec-
tive owners; and, also,toinqurre into the expediency of naming
by tow the itablHty of owners of vessel  for damages in cases oi
injury by collision.                             _           .   j¡~***Mir.
Resolved, That the Secrstary of the Treasury be u^CtW£B
communicate to this Hosse a statement of the "T'ff'J^^i of
received under the late treaty of Indemnity with T""«V "«£•
it* several dividend  declaisd w the elalmants, showing tn.
