CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
309
fluctuations in the revenue of the Government derived from the
sales of the lands.
Resolved, That the President of the United States be request,
ed,if uot incompatible with the public interest, to communicate
o this House any information in the possession of the Execu
tive Department, showing the warlike preparations of Great
Britain by introducing troops into Canada or New Brunswick,
or erecting or repairing fortifications on the Northern or North-
eastern boundary, or by preparing naval armaments on any of
t he great northern lakes or the waters connected therewith; and,
also, what preparations, if any, have been marie by this Go.
▼ernment to put the United States, and especially the Northern
and Northeastern frontier, in a state of defence.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS,
Resolved, That the Committee on Manufactures be instruct-
ed to inquire into the expediency of laying duties on imported
wines, foreign silks, silk worsted goods, and such foreign arti-
eiei of luxury that are now duty free, as come in competition
with the growth of our own soil, or the products of our labor
and yield no revenue to the Government.
On motiennfMr. WELLER,
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta-
blishing a post route from Piqua, is Maine county, Ohio, via
Jacksonville, Fort Recovery, and Alexandria, to Buffalo, in
Wells county, Indiana; and that the memorial hereto attached
be referred to said committee.
On motion of Mr. DOTY,
Revived, That the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads be instructed to inquire into the expediency of esta
b'.Hhing the follewi g post routes in Wiskonsin, to wit:
From Milwaukee, bv Greenfield, New Berlin, Mukwonago,
East Troy, Troy, Elkhorn, Delavan, and Turtle creek, to
Be'oit.
From Fox lake, by Watertown, Jefferson, Whitewater, Elk-
horn, and Geneva, to Chicago.
From Prairie du Chien, by Wingville, Belmont, Elkgrove,
MiUseat bend, New Diggings, Gratiot's .grove, Waddam's
grove, and Bald knob, to Boonsboro.
From Racine, by Ive's grove, Sugar creek, Jonesville, Mon-
roe, on the United States road, to Sinapee.
From Green bay, by Depete, Caukaunah,-Little Butte des
Morts, and Oshkosh, to Fond du Lac.
From Fort Winnebago, by Dekorra and Helena, to Wingville.
From Fond du Lac, by Munnomonee falls, to Milwaukee.
From Milwaukee, by Lisbon, Hatch's mill, and Piperville, to
Watertown.
From Madison to Watertown.
From Troy, by Round and Prairie, to Whitewater.
From Fort Winnebago to Plover portage, on the Upper Wis-
konsin.
From Sennpee to Galena.
From Van Buren, by Lafayette and Osceola, to Senapee.
From Galena, by New Diggings, Millseat bend, Bower's
branch, and Baltimore, to Mineral Point.
From Dekorra to l'cairie du Sac.
From Prairie du Chien, hy Grand Gris, Wright's Ferry, and
Warner's, to the United States road at Daniel's farm. -
From Sacville, by the forks of the Milwaukee, in township 3
range 19. to the United States mad.
From Sheboygan to Fond du Lac.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE,
í        IN SENATE,
Tuesday, April 7,1840.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a report
from the Secretary of tha Treasury, in compliance with the
provisions of the act of June 25, 1834, regslating the value of
certain foreign gold cjiins within the United States; which was
re erred to the Committee on Finance,and ordered to be printed
Mr. WHITE presented a memorial from citizens of Tippeca-
noe county, Indiana, praying the passage of a general bankrupt
law; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CALHOUN presented a memorial of citizens of New
York, praying the passage of a general bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALKER presented the petition of John Hutehin?;
which was referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Comm ttee on Indian Affairs, to
whichjwas referred the bill for the relief of George Duvall, re-
ported the same without amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims, to which
was referred House bill for the relief of Captain John Downes,
reported the same without amendment.      _¡fc
Mr. II. from the same committee, to whicfirwere referred the
bills from the House
For the relief of John Underwood; and
For the relief of Sylvester Phelps, and the heirs of Charles
Landon;
made unfavorable reports thereon; which were ordered to be
printed
Mr. H also, from the same committee, to which was referred
the petition of James Rhiueliart, made an adverse report
thereon.
DEATH OF THE HON. THADDEU5 BVTT3.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: The melancholy duty devolves upon me to an-
nounce to the Senate the death of my colleague, the Hon. Thad-
bbos Betts, who departed this life this morning, a few minutes
before six o'clock. I visited him yesterday at his lodgings, and
though I was strongly impressed with the opinion of the ma.
ligfianey ofhisdiseaso, it did not seem to be the opinion of those
around him that he was in any immediate danger. My own in
disposition, I trust, will be a sufficient apology for the brevity of
my remarks on this melancholy occasion. Mr. Betts was a
man of a high order of intellect, and of varied and extensive ac-
quirements. The confidence of the people of his State in his
abilities and worth, was manifested by the many elevated and
important public trusts to which their voices called him,
and he discharged their various duties with honor to him-
self, and satisfaction to the public. At the bar, few en
joyed a higher reputation, and the urbanity and courtesy which
marked his inteicouree with his professional brethren, made
him a general favorite. In the relations of friend and citizen,
the testimony of all who had the pleasure of his acquaintance,
will be given to the high estimation in which he was held.
And though all his acquaintances mourn his loss, none can
feel their bereavement with such intensity as those who looked
to him as their protector, the wife has lost in him a kind and
devoted husband; the children a fond and affectionate father.
Mr. DAVIS then submitted the following resolutions:
Resolved unanimotisly. That a committee be appointed to
take order for superintending the funeral of the Hon. Thao-
deds Betts, which will take p'ace to-morrow, at half past 12
o'clock; that the Senate will attend the same, and that notice
thereof be given to the House of Representatives.
Resolved unanimously, That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere desire of showing every mark of respect due to
the memory of the Hon. Thaddeus Betts, deceased, late a
member thereof, will go into mourning for him one month, by
the usual mode of wearing crape on the left arm.
Resolved unanimously. That, as an additional mark of r
spect for the memory of the Hon. Thaddeus Betts, the Senate
do now adjourn.
The resolutions were unanimously adopted, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Toesdav, April 7th, 1840.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the following meesagafcj
from the President of the Unit  d States:!                                 ^]
Washington City, April 3,1J40.
Sir: In compliance with a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the 9,h ultimo, I contanunicate herewith, accom-
panied by a report from the Secretary of War, "copies of the
arrangement entered into between the Governor of Maine and
Sir John Harvey, Lieutenant. Governor of New Brunswick,
through the mediation of Major General Fcott, in the month of
March last, 1839, together with copies of the instructions given
to General Scott, and of all correspondence with him relating to
the subject of controversy between "the State of Maine and the
Province oi New Brunswick."
Very respectfully
Your obedient servant,
M. VAN BUREN.
Honorable R. M. T. Hunter,
Speaker of the Housn of Representatives.
On motion of Mr. CLIFFORD, it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKERalso laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, made in compliance with
an act of Congress of 28th June, 1834, enclosing a copy of a
statement from the Director of the Mint at Philadelphia, show-
ing the result of the assays made at that Mint of the coins refer-
red to in said act; which was read, and,
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, ordered to lie on the table,
and he printed.
Mr. SWENEY said he on yesterday voted against granting
leave to the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] to introduce
a bill vesting the appointment of District Attorneys and Mar-
shals ofthe United States, in certain courts thereof, and pro-
viding that the emoluments of the said attorneys shall, in no
case, exceed $3,000. He had since learned that the bi.l was one
of some importance; and he thought that it should, at least, be
received and referred to an appropriate committee for examina-
tion. Some of the marshals, he was told, received at least
•20,000 annually, by way of fees Snph should not be the case.
He did not wish the motion to be decided at that time. He
then made the motion to reconsider, and moved that the ques-
tion thereon be postponed till Monday week; which motion was
agreed to.
Mr. REED, from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, made
some remarks inyelation to a memorial from numerous sea-
men, praying Gajtoess to legislate for their relief, which had
been referred to SB committee. He said it was a subject which
properly belonged to the Committee on Commerce. On his
motion, the Committee on Foreign Affairs was discharged from
its further consideration, and it was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
This being the day specially set apart for the consideration of
thebill to preventfriudson the revenue, some conversation took
place between Messrs. ADAMS, J. W. JONES of Virginia, and
BROWN of Tennessee, as to the comparative importance of
giving priority to the diplomatic appropriation bill, which had
been made the special order of the day for Wednesday, in pre-
ference to the hill ab.ive; both of which special orders were
necessarily postponed, in consequence of the melancholy event
which is announced below. The subject was, however, c'is-
posed of by
Mr. ADAMS, on whose motion the bill to prevent frauds on
the revenue was made the special order of the day for Wednes-
day week.
Mr. HAND rose and said that he asked the indulgence of the
House to allow him to offer a resolution calling on the Secretary
of War for hia plan for the permanent defence of the Northern
and Northeastern frontier. Mr. H. said his colleague [Mr.
Fillmore,] yesterday offered a resolution of inquiry of the
President,but that, as to the defences on our side.he believed
embraced only the present "preparations" of our Government.
Helud aUo been informed that the Military Committee here
sent an i.-quiry to the Secretary, bm that wne rather confined
to entmatri of expenses. Now, Mr. II. desired to see the
geneial plan of the Serretai y for our permanent defence. He
believed that as to the Western frontier, one had been already
snbmitt'd. and lie was informed that one had been matured for
the Northern and Northeastern. That he desiredBhould be com-
municated to tins House,and through it to the nation, that ac-
tion could be had understanding^, and in any manner that
mitrht be thought judicious
Mr. H. then offered ths following resolution, which was
read:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to com-
municate to this House what wffrkshe considers necessary to
be constructed in order to place the Northern and Northeastern
frontiers in a proper and permanent sate of defence.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina was understood to ob-
ject to the resolution.
Mr. WISE said he yesterday offered a resolution, which he
thought no gentleman would have objected to, calling on the
Secretary of War to give to the House a connected system of
defences for all ourexpoeed territory,   That resolution, how-
ever, was not considered. Now, he apprehended that if we
should go to war with Great Britain foi the sake of this Aroos-
took country, that that would not be the point attacked. No;
the great point of attack would be the seaboard cities. New
York would be struck and laid under contribution; so, also,
would New Otleans, Philadelphia, and Boston; and he might be
be permitted to say, that with his kno*Iedge of our present
means of defence, one single steam frigate, with her gun amid
ships, would sink the great ship Pennsylvania with one shot.
and that three such steamships would be sufficient to lay any cf
our seaboard cities under contribution. It would require 11,000
guns to man our fortifications, and wc had not, he believed,
1,100. He was for calling on the Secretary of War for a plan
for the defence of the whole country, and not for a single por-
tion of it.
Mr. HAND then moved for a suspension of the rules, to ena-
ble him to offer his resolution. He did not see how the gentle-
man from Virginia could have any objection to the introduction
of the resolution, as it would be open to amendment.
The question was then taken on suspending the rules, and de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 42, there being two-
thirds in the affirmative, which were as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton, Binks, Featty,
Beirne, Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Burke, Wm. O.
Butler, John Campbell, Carter, Casey, Chittenden, Clifford,
Colquitt, Conner, Craig, Cranston. Craty, Crockett, Cross,
Cushing, Dana, Dickerson, Doan, Doig, Duncan, Earll, East-
man, Ely, Everett, Fillmore, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Galbraith,
James Garland, Grander, Hall, Hand, John Hastings, Haw-
kins, Henry, Ilillen, Holleman, Holmes, Hook, Hopkins,How-
ard, Jackson, Joseph Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones,
Keim,Kempshall, Leet, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, Mc-
Culloch, Mallory, Marvin, Mitchell, Montgomery, Newhard,
Ogle, Parish, l'armenter, Paynter, Prentis", Reynolds, Sam-
uels, Shaw, John Smith, Truman Smith, Starkweather. Steen-
rod, Strong. Stuart, Swearingen, Sweney, Philip F. Tiloma?,
Turney, Underwood, Vanderpoel, Vroom, Peter 3. Wagener,
Warren, Watterson, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Hen- ,
ry Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Christopher H. Williams,
and Wise—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Bell, Bond, Briegs, Brock-
way, Albert G. Brown, Chapman, Chinn, Coles, Jas. Cooper,
Corwin, Crabb, Garret Davis, Dawson, Dillet, Edwards, Rice
Garland, Gentry, Giddings, Griffin, Grinnel, Habersham, W. S.
Hastings, Hawes, Charles Johnston, King, McCarty, Nisbct,
Palen, Preflit, Randolph. Rariden, Rnssell, Shepard, Taliaferro,
Waddy Thompson, Tillinghast, Triple , Trumbull, John
White, and Lewis Williams—42.
Mr. HANI) then submitted his resolution, which was read;
and before taking the question on which, however.
A message was received from the Senate by Mr. Dickins,
their Secretary, announcing the death ofthe Hon. Thaddet-s
Betts, late a Senator from Connecticut; which having been
read,
Mr. OSBORNE, of Connecticut, then rose and said:
Mr. Speaker: The sudden and unexpected death of my dis-
tinguished friend, which has just been announced to the House,
has filled my heart with grief so overwhelming, that I can
hardly trust myself to pay the usual tribute to his memory. He
has been taken from his friends, from society, and from the
councils of the nation, in the meridian of his usefulness, and the
fulness of his intellect.
I cannot here attempt to sketch the character or do justice to
the eminent talents and manly virtues of my deceased friend.
He was distinguished for acuteness of intellect, vigor of under-
standing, and soundness of judgment, no less than for the noble
iiess of hissoul and the probity of his life.
The deceased was educated to the profession of law, and was
early brought in contact with the most eminent men that have
ever adorned the bar of New Eng'and. It is sufficient to say
that he sustained and diftinguislird himself among euchmen
as Daggett, Sherman, Smith, and Sherwood.
In all the relations of life, h¡3 character was marked with ho-
nor and integrity. He had filled many important pu'-Iic trusts •
in his own State, and was at length called to represent her in
the higher branch ofthe National Legislature. Had his life _
been preserved, he would have become one of its most useful
and distinguished members. But Connecticut has again been
called to mourn the loss of a distinguished citizen and Sena-
tor. Let us bow with submission to the dispensations of Pro-
vidence.
This is not the place to indulge in private griefs. I will only
say, that a wife has lost a husband, children have losta father,
and a wide circle have lost a friend; their only consolation is in
the hopes and promises of that religion of which the deceased
was, I trust, a sincere professor.
Mr. O. concluded hy oSVring the following resolution:
Resolved, unanimously, That this House will attend the fu-
neral ofthe Hon. Thaddei-s Bett", lav a member of the Se-
nate from the SsateolCi nnecttcut, to-morrow, at half patt 12
o'clock; and as a lertmioiiy nt rc&prcl for the memory ofthe
deceased, will go into mournm?, and wear ciaj-e for thiriy
days.
Which was unanimously adopted; when,
On motion ofMr. STOKRii, (iom Com rclicut, as a fuither
testimony of respect for tlio memory nf the derensed.
The Home adjourned till to-morrow morning, at UJ o'clock.
IN SENATE,
Wkdnefday, Apii 8,1840.
The Seca e met at 12 o'clt ck, pursuant to ad-
journment, for the purpose of attend ng the lunerat
otwequ'es (f the Hon. Thaddeus Betts, late a se-
nator from the S ate of Connecticut.
The Committee of Arrangemen^  Pall-bearrn
and. Mourner*, attended at Mr. Hyatt's, the late
