matter now stcod, war was isriposstble. Great
Bri'am must aceeile to the proposition as made; it
not, she woukl accede f> it with certain mo lifica-
tions. He would say here, that wht'st it was the
dutv of this Government to speak the lanjuase oí
kindness and protection to Maine, it was Us duty
also to speak the language of hrraness, nay some-
what of sternness, to the au.hontie< ol Maine. He
knew b >w deeply exciting a ma'ter a conte.t lor
territory was; but whilst Maine was given to un-
derstand that we intended to protect her rights and
give her the land (as to her right to which he had
no eaithly doubt) or an equivalent far it—still
he wished her lo understand that, if a war came,
it was onr war. We took t'-ie ma'ter out of her
hand*, and if we were to have a war, it was bat
right that we should have the negot ation too. It
was too absurd to think of the Sate of Mains talk-
ing cf fighting Great Bnain He repeated, as
the war would be our.-., if there was any, let us also
have the negotiation.
Mr. T. was not disposed to act upon the matter
of fortifications now, at all events. If there was to
be a war, or a reasonable chance of a war—if
Ih re was one chance in one thousand taat would
justify putting the country in a condition to meet it,
we c#uld not arm too speedily nor tco closely.
If not, we could not spend too li t'e in that way, for
we had tco lutle to spend And if, when advices
had been received from England, they should not
be altogether pici6c, and such as would justify the
confident anticipation of peace, he was then ready
to arm the couniiy, not so much on the point of
danger as of national honor. He was r ot wJl ng
to treat wi'h Great Butain while British bayonets
and British fortifica'tons were 'cattered along the
whole line of our coast-, he desired to treat with
arms in his hand-. Bat he was not depose 1 to
accelera'e that state of things, or to create addi-
tional fever temper in re'ation to this question.
Six months woul 1 put us in a corditirn to resist
any aggression; nay, he believed we might resist it
without any fortifiestiotis at all. We had, thank
God, the same means which enabled General Jack-
son to meet the enemy on the plains of Louisiana.
We had the same means cf protect on—the same
stout hearts and strong bands in the freemen of lhi*
country.
Mr. T. ripelled the idea of invasion of the Ame-
rican soil, and insisted that we had already fortifi-
cations wh ch, for a very lm'e money, and in a lew
weeks, would put the country in a condition suc-
cessfully to res'St at ack. Ttiis led to some cross-
qaestionuig between Mr. T. and Mr. Wise, as to
the state ol the fortifications of the country.
Af'er which, Mr. HAND moved the previous
question.
And there was a second.
And the mam question was ordf red to be now
taken; and, being taken, was decided in the affir-
mative.
So the resolution, as modified, was adopted.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a report
from th« Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to
the condition of the banks of the Unt'ed States;
which, on motion of Mr. Jones, of Virginia, was
laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
Mr. JONES also moved that 2,000 copies extra
te printed; which motion lies over, tnder the míe.
2 Letter from the S 'cond Auditor'* office of the
Treasury Department, transmitting copies of such
accounts as have been rendered by persons charged
or interested wi h the disbursement or application
of monejs, cr goods, or effects, for the benefit of
the lodians, from the 1st of October, 1838, to the
30th of September, 1839, inclusive, &c.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS of Indiana, referred
to the Committee on Indian Affair-t.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication in relation to the New Jersey con-
tested election; which, en motion of Mr. Campbell
of South Carolina, was referred to the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. BOND rose and asked leave of the Hanse
lo make a personal explanation. And leave was
granted; wh ch explanation is copied frem the In>
telUgencer, as follow :
[The following remarks were written out by Mr.
Bokp, the Reporter not having heard them with
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sufficient accuracy even to attempt a report of
them. Personal explanations, at the best, ate diffi-
cult and dangerous thinsrs for Rrpnners to meddle
with—and aie becoming msuperahly «o ]—ATii 7n/.
Mr BOND rose, ami af er adHnssmg the Chair,
said: I bfg permission of the House, before pro-
ceeding  with the business i.f the day, to allow me
I a few moment* lor a matter of personal explana-
tion. It relates to an account of a debate in which
I partic piled last Thursday, and which is publish-
ed in the Globe of Saturday evening. I intended
oi Tues lay morning, as ihe same subject would
i then have come lip tor considetat on, to ask this
permission, but th« melancholy event of that day
postponed all business until this moment.
, 1 will first use this occasion to say that I never
expected to be truly represented in the Globe. In-
dependent of the constant habit of that paper to tra-
dnee me, I have long since incurred the displea
sure of one of its Reporters here by calling the at-
| tention of this House, in 1838, to the abuse of pub-
I he patronage in suffering him to absent himself
from his place in one of the Departments, in which
he held the office of a clerk. The account of the
debate, as given in the Globe, suppre-ses much that
j I said, and represents me as hrst introducing in
I the debate the character and veracity of the Editors
of the Ohio Statesman.*   It was my purpose to be
"The Reporter lor the Globe regrets that he is again under the
necessity of intruding himself on the public in eel f defence. Mr.
Bond of Ohio has not only assailed the correctness of his re-
port, but his motives, and attributes what he calls a "garbled
repon,'' to  the displeasure  he had incurred  of one of ihe
Globe's reporters    Now, the Reporter who is particularly as
saiied, is under the necessity of taking issue with Mr   Bond di
rectly on this point.   How does the member know that he his
incurred the displeasure  of the humble individual he thus
,   thoughtlessly Ci arges with improper motives?   Is he conscious
of having done the. Reporter wrong, or has he any acquaint-
J   tance with him, or knowledge of his character, directly or indi
'   rectly, which warrants the belief that he harbors vindictive er
illiberal feelings?   The Reporter assures Mr  Bund, and every
gentleman of the Opposition party, that he has no desire to mis-
|    represent them, and that hi* cannot possibly see what advantage
it  would be  to  him,  or to  his party, to do so.   Anxious
to retain ihe reputation of a faithful reporter of debates, whirh
he believes that he has earnid by many years of painful toil in
i    the o her ha! of the legislative body, the Reporter strives, ac-
cording to Ins best ability, to give to the public a faithful ac-
|   couit of what passes in the House of Representatives    He
I  does not pretend to give a verbatim report of every Ihing that
is siid ui the discursive debates which so often occur    If he
I  had as many hands as Briarbcs he could not do it, and though
gen'lemen have a right to expect of him, in wilting out their
set speeches, to report them as nearly verbatim as possible,
nerher they nor the public would be served by setting down,
word for word, every   political skirm sh  that takes   place
And now to the matter of which Mr   Bond particu'arlv com
plains    The Reporter declares, most solemnly, that he had no
intention todo that gentleman wiong, or to misrepresent him
before the public      He  believes   now—and the very state-
ment of Mi   Bond   bears  him  out in   it—that he  report-
ed, in   substance, every   material   idea   he  advanced, and
he did not   pretend to do   more.    It  is  readily  admitted
that   Mr    Bond   did get up   before Mr    Mason, and pro-
nounce the statement read by Mi WATTBhSON, from the Ohio
Statesman, to be false    But this omission was wholly without
any design, and cannot possibly convey a wrong impression,
for it lsetateJ in the report that Mr Mason and Mr Bond both
contiad rted it    In the rsmarka attnbu ed 19 Mr Bomd, as well
as to his co1 league, if ihere are any ideas conveyed that are not
correct, tht Reporter will cheerfully insert the correction, but
he dost not understand that any such charge is made    In-
deed, if there was any fault at all in the brief sketch of Mr
Bond's remarks, it was 11 softening the harsh language he used;
and they who believe in the truth of that Scripture,' blesstdare
the peace makers " will hardly censure the Repoiter for that
venial error    With regard to the remarks of Messrs  Medill
and Welled, they are correct in substance, though ihey may
not be literally the words used    These gentlemen being satis-
fied, no one else has a right to complain
An explanation is now necessary in relation to a further
charge made by Messrs Bond and Graves, that one of the Re-
porters for the Globe being a clerk in one of the public offices.is
permitted to absent himself from hi  duties during the session
of Congress, drawing his salary at the same time. A few words,
it is believed, will be sufficient to satisfy others, if not these two
gentlemen, that in this transaction there is nothing wrong, and
that no injury has accrued to the public service in ce-nEequence
_________________________313
content with pronouncing the article fiom that pa-
per giving an account ol the Wh'g Conventon at
Co'umbus a1* false and groundless. My colleague,
[VTr. Medhl,] in speaktn  ol the Editors of that
paper, fatd he had never heard their veracity ques-
tiore I. It was in answer t > this that I felt obliged
lo introduce the name of one of them, and state
what I had seen published about him.
And when I spoke of one hundred and sixty lies
appearing in one part of that statement, it was also
in answer to what my colleague [Mr. Mediil] hid
said when he fe'ected, as an evidence of the truth
' of the article, the names of ihe delegates lo  that
convention from Muskingum courty.    I had seen
it stated in a paper printed in that county, that ihe
I art cle in question contained one hundred and sixty
lies in reference to those delegates, and so I stated
I to the House.    But I wish to call the attention of
I my colleague to what he is represented as having
said on the rcasion.
|      Mr. Bond here read several passages from the
, Globe, and then proceeded.   I desire nty colleague
to say whether he used this language, or these
ideas.
Mr. Medili. said he would answer when his col-
leasue had fini>hed his remarks.
Mr. Bond observed that he desired lo treat his
colleague with perfect respeci; but wished his an-
swer now.
Mr. MEDILL said, that if his colleague preferred
he should answer now,he had certainly no ob-
jections to do so. With the order or arrangement
of tha débale, as reported in the Globe, he had
nothing 'o do, nor was he prepared to say whether
it was corrector not. He had not heard the re-
marks of his colleague, [Mr. Mason ] and was sa-
I t.sfied that his colleague [Mr. Bond] lnd spoken
I last, although he mi^ht also have commenced the
I debate. Much allowance should be made for the
i Reporters, when there is any noise or confusion
in the House, and if they succeed in giving
the substance of what is said, there is no
cause of eomplamt. He would not under-
take to say at this length of lime whether
his own remarks, made on the occasion, were
given verbatim or no , nor would he now stop lotax
his reco lecti< n, cr that of his friends, to ascertain
the fact. He made no immaterial issue?. He
had only tosiy to his colleague, that until the lan-
guage emp^ed towards an acseht citizen of his
own Stpie, and nh ch prompted their ntterance at
ihf time, was wiihdrawn, he endorsed them pre-
cisely as reported, and held himself responsible ac
cordingly,
of it. Ojwing to the impossibility of Messrs Blair and Rives
procuring a competent Reporter, the individual who is now
eervmg them in that capacity, out of a sincere desire to serve
them, as well as to contribute all in his power towards the dis-
semination of correct intelligence, was induced to apply to
the head of the office ía which he served, General Whttcomb,
for a furlough during the session of Congress This permis-
sion has been granted for the two or three sessions past, but a'-
way son the condition of putting a competent clerk in the place
thus temporarily vacated At the commencement of this set.
sion, General Whitcomb granted the furlough with great re-
luctance; and it was only on ascertaining, to his entire sa-
tisfaction, that the duties of the station were in such a cond moo
that a new clerk could discharge them, that he gianted it So
far from the Reporter absenting himself from his duties'while
they are unperformed, or he, or Messrs Blair and Rives, ¿e.
riv,ng any pecuniary benefit from the transaction, the contiary
is the fact A clerk who writes a rapid and beautiful hand, and
who isevery way competent, has been appointed to fill the va-
cated situation for the scsssion of Congress, and this clerk has
recened, for each and every month, one hundred dollars in spe*-
cie, the whole amount of the salary attached to the office,
Blair and Rives paying the Reporter a higher salary.
Ample proof of these facts the Reporter is ready to show to
any one who wishes to see it. It may be asked what object the
Reporter has in undertaking a laborious and thankless employ-
ment, besides the increase of pay he receives from Blaib and
Rivss. Be answers, a grateful sense of benefits received,
which never can be forgotten while his heart continues to beat.
BLAivand Bites gave hnn employment when he was in to
tress, and with it they gave h m double the compensation h^™.
ceived from his former employers, since which time ft  Baste,
ceived every evidence of their friendship and confidence
LUND WASHINGTON, Jr.
April 1) 1840.
