$14                                            CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr, BOND replied that he would now mak< a
few words answer his parpóse. My colleague did
not use the language, nor express himself, as it is
now published. If he had^ sir, I would have then
noticed it. But I have to say to him that he has
consented to the publication of a garbled ac-
count of that debate.
Mr.  MEDILL inquired if his colleague was
now through.
Mr. BOND said he was.
Mr. MEDILL said that his' colleague had re-
quested a distinct and categorical answer, and had
received one.   He would not be drawn into imma-
terial issues dependent on either the recollection of
himself or his colleague after the lapse of a week.
Although he had  not suffered as much as others
during the snort time he had been on this floor, he
was opposed to  the practice that was obtaining of
denouncing the reporters whenever we do not feel
sat'sfied with the appearance of our own remarks.
It    is   not    expected   that   every   word    that
is uttered in debate, should be set down and report-
ed.   It is enough that the substance is fairly and
impartially given.   My colleague is wholly mis-
taken, in supposing he did not attack the personal
character and veracity of the editors of the S'ates-
man.   It was not until after he did so, that 1 rose.
All must recollect the astonishment he affected, on
finding any one who en'ertamed the slightest confi-
dence in their honor or veracity.   My colleagje is
equally unfortunate   in   his   recollection   of  the
manner  in   which   allusion   was  made   to   the
county   of  Muskingum.     So   far   from   intro-
ducing   it   as   an    evidence    of   the   correct-
ness of the article in the Statesman, I admitted
that I had seen the statement in relation to that
county contradicted, and subsequently explained
by the Statesman.    Thus can my collpague fall
into error, as well as the Repor'ers.     In relation
to the "account of that debate," I have nothing to
do; and, in conclusion, will only add, thatmy own re-
marks, as reported, and shown to me by my col-
league, contain the substance of what was said on
the occasion.   If not verbatim, as delivered, I de-
sire to be considered as taking the responsibility oflf
the Reporter, and, in the language t*~ the courts,
adopt them as ihey now stand, nunc   wo tunc, so
that my colleague may have an endoi ser without
travelling beyond the bar.
Mr. BOND said. Then, sir, I aiain repeat, my
colleague has consented to a garbled account of
that debate, and I have nothing to retract.j
Before Mr. Bond had taken his seat,
Mr. WELLER addressed the Chair, when
Mr. BOND observed that he had a word to say
to him also. I did not hear this gentleman on
Thursday last, when he was called to order by the
Chair, and therefore asked that he might proceed.
My colleague [Mr. Weller] then added that he
had saiJ what he intended to say, and supp sed I
understood him. Whether he then said what the
Globe now reports, 1 know not, for he was at a
distance from me; but, if I had heard him, I would
have told him, as I now do, that I can never mis-
understand the yelping of a puppy.
Mr. WELLER remarked that he dii not know
that it was necessary for him to siy any thing to his
colleague over the way [Mr Bond;] but as he had
participated in the onginal debate which £a e me
to this, he would detain th  H0US2 a few moments.
He then requested his co'league to repeat what he
had said ju«t before taking his seat, as he was anx-
ious to understand him.
Mr. BOND <=a'd if he had underused his sol-
league [Mr. Weller] as changing him with ungen-
tlemanly conduct, as he was reported, he wiukl have
regarded it as the yelpings of a puppy.
Mr. WELLER then said he believed the report
in the G.obe was correct, alihough the language as
reported was not perhaps as s'rong as he used. He
said he did intend that his colleague [Mr. Bond]
should understand him as charging that hi« con-
duct in dragging before ihis Heu*e a private cri-
aen of Ohio, and applying to him the appellation of
"JyiDg Jake," was indtcent, ungentlemanly, and un-
becoming a member of this body.
Mr. W. was here called to order, and objections
being made to his proceeding, Mr. Brown of Mis-
sissippi moved that he be permitted to proceed,
which was granted.
Mr. W. then said this was what he designed his
colleague, [Mr Bond] should understand in his re-
marks last week, when he charged him with inde-
cent conduct. The language I then used, san! Mr.
W. was sufficiently plain to be understood by any
man, and I cannot doubt my colleague so under-
stood me, his assertion to the contrary notwith-
standing.
It will be recollected, said Mr. W. by those who
were present on that occasion, that my colleague
[Mr. Bond] had risen ia his place and declared that
the statement in the Columbus paper in re-
lation to the delegates appointed to the
State convention was a tissue of lies from
beginning to end. Soon after he took his
seat, said Mr. W. I rose and stated that the list of
the delegates appointed ia the district which I had
the honor to represent here was, I believed, correct.
My colleague again took the the floor, and I then,
said Mr. W. asked him distinctly whether he in-
tended to impeach the coirectness of my statement;
and that, if he did, I had a word tb say to him. Sir,
said Mr. W. if he had done so I should have been
compelled to bestow an epi het on him which he
wou'rf have understood. 1 should have told him,
said Mr. W. to his teah, that he had uttered a base
falsehood.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky called Mr. W.
to order, and objected to his proceed.ng, and he
was compelled to take his seat.
Mr. WELLER desiratt to say a few words
more, but tie House refused.
Mr. TArlLOR of Ohio also made an ineffectual
attempt to optain the ijbor, to make some remarks
upon the subject in diinute.
The Houée then ¿solved itse'f into Committee
of the Who|e on the Stale of the Union, Mr. Casey
of Illinois in the chair, and took up the bill ma-
king appropkiationé for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penditures ofihe dovernment for the year 1840.
Mr. JONES o*f Virginia moved to amend the
bill, by stnk|ng imt $70,000 for stationery, fuel,
printing, etc.iofáhe Senate, and inserting $50,000;
and also to amend it, by striking out $ 150,000 for
the same objects for the House of Representatives,
and inserting ^100,000; which amendments were
agreed to.
Mr. WISE observed that it was his intention,
before the Clerk began to real the bill, to make
some general remarks on the subject of appropri-
ations made by Congres*; and these remarks he in-
tended to apply to the accusations made of late by
the Executive against the legislative department of
the Government. It was not to be denied that the
expenses of the Government of the Unite 1 States
had been enormously increased, fearfully increased
to those who were for a s mple Republican Govern-
ment, pursuing a system of just economy. It was a
solemn fact, to which all minds should be turned,
that the expense* of the Government have, of late
years, exceeded 33 or 34 millions. It was a fact,
that if our revenue was collected by a capitation
tax, it would exceed that of the last war with
Gr°at Britain. The average expenditures of Ge-
neral Jack=on's administraron were exceedirg 18
m'llions of dollars, a> d exo/eded those of Mr. Ma-
d'S'm's admin'St-atirn by several hundred fion^and
dollar*, whi'e Mr. Val Burea had t'od beyond th3
footsteps rfhts ll u-tnors predere-s r, in ths ex-
penditure (f morey. A cpitaticn tax to co'er
these fxpendit'res, would be nearly two dol-
lar* a head The e<tcise of the Executive
now was that Congress hid exceeded the e ti-
mates of the Departments; and that Congress had
gone on expending the pub'ic money in an extra-
vagant manner, contrary to the approbation of the
Execut ve. No iv this was the first appropriation
bill pre ented to them, except that wh'ch was in-
trt duced m the early part of the session for the
pay of the membeis of Congress, and he wished
to have a distinct understanding with regard to
the appropriation1? it contained. The per diem of
membeis was fixed by law, and in passing that
bid they could not go beyond the ordinary expen-
diture. It was known how many members there
were, and the amount of mileage to which each
was era titled; so that theie could be no mistake
with regard to that appropriation. But here was
the first appropriation bill on which any question
of responsibility could arise, and he took it at the first
hop, giving notice to gentlemen who had arraigned
the legislative department of the Government, in
favor of the Executive, that he should call on them
to vote for no money but suchas the latter called
for en his responsibility. The fiist inquiry that he
would of the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means was: Did this bill, in the gross , and
every item in it.and «very part and parcel thereof—
did it come from the Executive? Was it in pur-
suance of Executive recommendation! Was it
beyond or below the Executive estimates; or in the
third place, did it exceed or fall short in the
amount appropriated by the bill of the last Congress?
Mr. JONES of Virginia, would with pleasure
answer the interrogatories propounded by his co'-
league. The greater part of the items of appro-
priation in this bill were fixed and ascertained by
law. A'l relating to what was called the civil
list proper, perhaps every item, was insetted in vir-
tue of existing law , and therefore in exact con-
formity with the recommendations of the Execu-
tive Departments. Perhaps he should go further,
and say that other items, in exact conformity with
existing laws, were intended to be added to them
in consequence of communications received from
the Departments since the estimáis were rece ved.
In reference to the other inquiry of his colleague,
whether the gross amount of the appropriations in
this bill was larger than that in lhe same bill
of the last Congress, he had to say that he had
not compared every item in the one with every
item in the other. He believed, however, it would
turn outthat the gross amount in this bill was larger
than that in the bill of the last session, for the
reason, as bis colleague would perceive, that this
beiBg the long long session of Congress, and the
other the short session, the amount for the pay
of the members and the other expenses of lhe
two Houses were now nearly double to what they
then were.
[Here Mr. Jones stated the amount for each
session.]
It would also be perceived that there were seve-
ral other items in this bill where the appropria-
tions exceeded tho«e asked for in the bill pre-
sented at the last Congress; he would -name what
was asked for, for the various purposes of the land
offices, growing out of the fact that there was, at the
last session, a considerable amount of money at
that service remaining from p evious appropria-
tions. He would mention to his colleague that
there were several other items not necessary fof
him now to mention, as he could explain them
more to his satisfaction as they successively came
up.
Mr. WISE said that he was not going to dis-
pute these items now; he had not examined them
enough to see whether there Was any that he
should dispute. But he wivhed to call the at-
tention of his c-nstituents to these facts, as he
should continue to do for this session first, that
the Executive was responsible for this bill; that it
was in accordance with Execu ive recommenda-
tion, upon Executive reports, and with the Execu-
tive's reasons.
Mr JONE?ef Virg'nia. All of them are not
by Executive recommendation.
Mr. WISE. I unJeis'and that 'he co-amittee
has, in some instance*, reduced the amounts re-
commended in the enmates.    Is this the iact?
Mr. JONES of Vrgtina.    Ins, sr.
Mr. WISE. Let all the facts le recollected as
we go along, <-o that there may be no dispute
hereafter. As his colleague remarked, (Mr. W.
continued) there were some items, the m« st of them
fixed and ascertained by law; as, for instance, the
compensations of tre President and heads of De-
partments, &c. &c. [naming them ard their
amounts;] and there were but few items, therefore,
which varied from those of the year before. This
bill was based upon the estimates of the long ses-
sions bill, and yet there being so few items on
which a variation of expenditure should be made,
was it not astonishing that the gross amount should
this year be larger. There was an increase of ex-
penditure, though a general annunciation of econo-
