my was made ia the President's opening message.
The general ad capNuufem appeal on economy and
reduction of expenditure which had been read by
every body, was fresh ia their minds; and yet, sad
he, when you place this Administration on its de-
tails, you will find out the last appropriation bill, as
it has been with the others before it, is larger than
the one of the year before. Unless some gentlemen
oí the Opposition should watch these expenditures,
we shall, said Mr. W. be going on increasing and
increasing eur expenditures, and you and 1, sir,
will be arraigned before our constituents for it.
He averred here now, what he had averred at
home, that the Executive of this country is respon-
sible for every dollar (hat has been appropriated
for the last seven years. [Her* follows a sentence
or two, which was not heard by the Reporter.]
In the next place, the Admin:stration had not, in
their general reports and general messages, gone as
far as they had afterwaids gone every session of
Congress, in their secret and particular recommen-
dations to the committees.   They had had, in the
Committee of Naval Affair , one estimate intended   |
for the public eye, and another for the committee
room.   He did not charge that such was the fact
now.   This, he understood from his colleague, had
been open and above board, and that the commit-
tee had cut down the larger estimates themselves.
Again, be averred that not a solitary important ap-
propriation, tor seven years past, had been made
by the two Houses of Congress which the Execu-
tive could not have arrested.   Show me, said he,
the solitary item of extravagant appropriation that
the Executive has vetoed, except some internal im-
provement appropriations vetoed by G.n. Jackson.
1 shall, continued Mr. W. pursue this subject,
calling the attention of the  country to it, item by
item, and show that we are exceeding the expendi-
tures of the last year even while the  Piesident's
message is calling out for economy.   You may,
said he, reduce fifteen millions, and then knock it
down to the standard of the war expenses of James
Madison's administration.    Mr. W. in conclusion
said he had accomplished his object, and he as-
tuied his colleague [Mr. Jones] that he would as-
sist him in endeavoring to get his bill along as fast
a¿ possible.
Mr. CÜSHING desired to add two or three re-
marks, in addition to what had been said by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] in all of
which he entirely concurred. In order that thtre
m>ght not be any future question with regard to the
appropriations in this till, or any other, and that
the Administration might not endeavor to shift the
responsibility off its own shoulders, and throw it
on Congress, he desire! to make some addition to
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia, and,
"in ptrpetvum rei memortam," state what was his
understanding of the subject. If what be should
say was incoirect—if it involved any imputation
on the Committee of Ways and Means—then they
were to disavow any inferences which he might put
upon th's bill. This was a bi.l proposing an ap-
propriation of millions—he did not know how
many—and these millions were subdivided into a
great number of items. It would be a senous task
to pick out all thesí various items, and reconcile
them wiih the estimates of the Secretary of the
Treasury; and in order that a gentleman might do
it to his own satisfaction, he must have some little
knowledge of the de ails of the business of the
Treasury. In addition to this we have, said Mr.
C. been told that the committee have varied from
the estimates in various respect*—in hew many Ihe
chairman did not tell them. But it appeared that
the committee reduce! some of the items, and aug-
mented others.
Mr. JONES of Virginia. No, sir, not aug-
mented.
Mr.CUSHlNG, es to augmentation, asked if
there were not amendments to be proposed contain-
ing new appropriations.
Mr. JONES of Virginia  eplied in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. CÜSHING. I ask if these new amend-
ments appear in the estimates of the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. JONES of Virginia. Not in the estimates,
bat from addition ! information received by the
CONGRESSIONAL GLOfefe.
committee from the Departments since the esti-
mates were furnished. The amounts are not large,
and I am ready to furnish the gentleman with all
the information in regard to them. These esti-
mates came in, as he before remarked, some time
after the others had been received, and, therefore,
were not pnn'ed with them. He wished to have
them printed for the information of the House.
Mr. CUSHING continued. There were then
additional estimates to be moved, and which the
gentleman tendered for the purpose of hav ngthem
printed. He desired that the/ might be printed so
that they might be able to trace all the appropria-
tions in this bill. It would give them additional
means of c imparison between the bill as it should
pas-, and the recommendations of the Executive.
But there would be additional difficulty in going
th'.ough all these items to ascertain whether Con-
gress or the Executive should be responsible for
them. He did not wish to encounter this labor.
He held it to be unnecessary. He held that
the Committee of Ways and Means were
the representatives of the Treasury Depart-
ment on that floor; and, therefore, all they pro-
posed was to be con«idered as comin  firm that
source. He held that the Committee of Ways and
Mean', a majority of them being of the party of
the Administration, pre>ented the views and wishes
of the Administraron, in whatever appropriation
they asked for. He took this ground with a view
of preventing any mistake or erroneous application
hereafter of responsibility for appropriations found-
ed on the recommendations of the Executive. He
entirely agreed with the gentleman from Virtinia,
that they had a right to hold the Administration re-
sponsible for all the appropriations.
But there wa^ another view of the subject, not
in connection with party considerations. It might
very naturally happen, in the present state of
things-, when, in the beginning of the sesión, the
Executive come comes out with a preachment on
economy, wi h exhortations against extravagance,
that some necessities for expenditures should arise,
-after the estimates had been sent in. Now, whe-
ther it was right cr not for the Executive to exhort
Congress to be economical, when he had the right
to make economy himself—when Congress had not
the final control of the expendiures—when, owing
to the relations between tt.e party members of this
House and the chief of the Administration, there
would be some sympathy felt for his wishes—he
would not pretend to say. But whether or not that
was a matter of propriety en the part of the Ex-
ecutive, was not of much consideration. But
he would say that the exigencies of the country,
the public defences—objects of the highest utility,
just and proper in all respects—nrght require ex-
penditure?, which it might be that the Executive
had omitted to recommend, with a view of carry-
ing out this ill considered economy, which he had
urged in his opening message.
In.this view of the subject, though he did not de-
sire to go beyond the estimates, yet ha would con-
sider it the duty of Congress to make such appro-
priation0, and he was prepared to vote for ftpm.
He held the Executive responsible for the condition
of the country; and if he bad neglected to recom-
mend such appropriations as were necessary for the
objects he had alluded *o, he considered it a more
momentous breach of duty, and more deserving of
censure, than if he bad been guilty ofextrivagance.
He held that the Administration was placed in this
alternative—that it must hang on one horn of the
dilemma Either it neglects to re commend reces-
sary appropriations, to make party, capital, or,
treading under foot these professions of economy
made in the message, disdaining th's game of brag,
of not who shall best govern the country, but who
shall cheapest govern the country; and if such is to
be the course of our administrators, we had better
at once let the Government rut to the lowest bidder.
He would say no more on these professions of
impracticable economy, for the mere purpose of
gaining political capita). He held that the Admi-
nistration which did it, did a worse act than subr
jecting i self to the charge of extravagance, for it
must subject itself to one or the other of the two
charges, and he would prefer that it should subject
itself to the latter.   If the Administration saw fit to
______31Ó
■'                                           —
neglect its duty for the purpose of throwing t>(t
responsibility, he, as a member of Congress, would
not follow its example, and he felt rjotmd to vote
for those appropriations neces*ary for the defence
of the country.
Mr. JONES of Virginia said he apprehended
that he and the gentleman from Massachusetts
were not likely to disagree very much as to the
course necessary to pursue in the investigations
that were necessary in order to ascertain the prin-
ciples on which both these important bills de-
pended. Both of the gentlemen who had addressed
the Hour , desired to secure strict accountability
on the part of the Executive officers. Allow me
to say, continued Mr. J. that I entertain the same
views, and that, in order to accomplish them, the
gentleman shall have my hearty co operation; and
further, if gentlemen would only put their fingers
on an item of appropriation that was like extrava-
gance, he thought he should be able to satisfy them
of the error into which they had fallen. This ge-
neral mode of attack, by way of assailing every
thing in the gross, and particularizing nothing, was
one of those arguments which it was impossible to!
meet. It was like a shot thrown into a whole
cevey, where it would be impossible to see how
any one point con'd be defended. He did not un-
derstand the gentleman as objecting to any one
particular proposition, though he desired a strict
accountability on the part ot the Executive, and so
did he. He knew of no professions of ad eaptan-
dum economy that had been made by the Executive,
and he saw no reason to doubt the sincerity of the
recommendations in the message.
After some further remarks from Mr. WISE,
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky asked the chairman
of the committee if there was any reduction in any
of the items, except pensions and internal improve-
ment.
Mr. JONES of Virginia sa:d that the estimates
for the Indian Department were vastly reduced be-
low those of former sessions, because many of the
occasions which required expenditures to-be made,
had ceased, and therefore, the aggregate would not
be so large.
Mr. WHITE merely wished to call the atten-
tion of the chairman to the fact that, with the ex-
ception of the items he had mentioned, the aggre-
gate of the appropriations in this bill exceeded that
of the last year.
Mr. JONES of Virginia saij he was aware that
wherever a reduction should fall, there would be no
credit given for it, though the Administration was
sure to be censured for an increase of expenditure,
without any allowance being made for the neces-
sity of it. Honorable gentlemen politically opposed
to the Administration, used with advantage every
item which had a tendency to run the aggregate of
expenditures up; and when that item was reduced,
they used it with the same effect to show that no
cred't was due for the aggregate being lower. For
instance, when the pensions were larger than now,
it was drawn into the general aggregate to swell
the amount appropriated, and to charge extrava-
gance upon the Administration. It was in vain for
us to urge that this was an extra affair, a reward
for the old soldiers of the Revolution, who were
daily dropping off, and that it would gradually be
discontinued. So. also, with regird to the appro-
pria ions for tfee Florida war, which were in like
manner drawn into the seaeral aggregate, and
charged as extravagance upon the Admifstration.
It was said here your Administration has expended
five millions more than the last year; and it was in
vain to answer that thi3 money was expended for
the purpose of protecting your women and chil-
dren fioni the tomahawk and scalping knife of the
Seminole. This little book (hfllding np the esti-
mates) has been referred to again and again to
show the extravagance of the Admiriistration,while
those who make the charge do not point out any
particular item which comes within that designa-
tion. Now (said Mr. J.) all I want is to hold gen-
tlemen up to their own figures and arguments. If
they charge extravagance when particular items or
expenditure are large, let them give credit when
those items are reduced—let them cancel the debit
by entering the credit. But his colleague said that
it had been the practice to present one estimate tor
