316
the public eye and another for the committee
loon s. To this he could only answer that, if
there had bem such practice, it never was within
his knowledge.
Mr. WISE hoped that hi* colleague did not m-
tend to misrepresent hira. What hi snid was, that
we have general estimates and general reports
which are printed and pubh'htd, and that then,
dunag the sessions of the committees, we had other
esumates coming in, which are not published and
printed. Now his colleague admitted that the com-
mittee had had some such this winter, and that
they had not been printed.
Mr. JONES s>aid he understood his colleague, at
firs', to ¡>ay there was one estimate intended for
the public eye, and another secret cne for the com-
mittees. He now understood him to say that ad-
ditional estimates were sent in after the general
1-st at the commenc.merit of tnese sion.
Mr WISE said he would state a fact, en his
own responsibility; and that was that he had known
a high officer of the Government, in the time when
we apprehended a French war, to make a yerbal
call for a larger appropriation than he dare call
for in writing.
Mr. 30NES of Virginia did not believe that the
remarks of his colleague was calcu'ated to be pre-
judicial to the Administration. The warm manner
of his colleague was calculated to make an im-
pression that there was something wrong, and they
would have had that effect, if it had not been for
the explanation he had aferward  gver>;for he
admitted in it that it would be nece^ary for the
Departments to send in additional estimates afier
the commencement of the sessirn. There was no
man who had any kno ledge of the business of
the Departments, but must be aware tnat this
could not be avoided. An injury done to one of
the fortifications, after the meeting of Cargic-s,
and after the estimates have been sent in, makes
it necessary for the Secretary of War to come for-
ward, and aMt for an additional appropriation to
repair that injury. This was a sample ot the com-
mumcitions which his colleague spoke of as srciet,
and not intended for the public eye. Sir, (saiJ Mr.
J ) I have no'hing to conceal from the public eye.
He desired that every thing should be laid open,
and such was the desire of the Executive. The
honorab'e gmt'emen from Massachnse ts spoke of
K as something very remarkable, that th s impor-
tant bill was not accompan eJ by repoits explain-
ing every item. Now when it was known to the
gentleman that this committee was allowed but
thirty days from the commencement of the ses
sion to report every one of the appropr ation bills
in; and when he bore in mind, that o« ing to ti e
length of time that elapcel tefoie the committees
were appointed, that at this session ihey lad but
twenty days to perfoim that du y in, he would ad-
mit that they had more than should be imposed on
them within that iirm.ed space. But why call on
the committee to explain every item ía th s b hi
Had not the gentleman every partic'e of informa-
tion which the members of the commit'ee had?
Could he point to a sing'e a\euue of information
which was not as accessible to him as to the com-
mittee. If he would take up the documents of the
House for this and the last se sien, he would have
all the inf< rmation that was nece^ary to erah'c
him to arrive at a correct result Unless thf gen-
tleman designed that oihers should perform th s
work for him, he would rot ca'l on ihe n embers
of the committee for it. Mr. J kn'w t egtn'le-
man's ability and great industry, and tha* he was
everyday capatle of obtaining all tue infi rma-
tion he desired. Mr. J. d d not desue to detain
the committee-, and there'ore would say nt thing
further unt 1 some gendemau rendeieJ it necessary
for him to do so.
Mr. BELL advened to the pas' practice in rela
lion to the estimates; and called  the a'tei ti< n of
the chairman of Ways and Means to a certa n do-
cument, officially reported to  the House at a pre-
vious session, in which was contraste! the amount
called for in those estimates, with the amojnt actu-
ally appropriated by Congress, with a view to
show that the responsjb h y of the exce-s abovp the
estimates was anemp'ed to be thrown upon Con-
nrew, by practising a kmd of fraud upon the peo-
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
|  pie in relation  thereto.     He contended that the
I charge that Congress was respousib e was not well
'  founded, but that the odium,  if any,   attached
to the  Executive.   The  Executive had bten in
the    habit    of   send ng    in    estimates,   which
went firth to ihe-country in the annual documents,
and weie extensively circulated; but subsequent-
ly application would be secretly made to the Com-
mit ee of Ways and Means to place in the appro-
priation bills items omitted from the estimates, whe-
ther by design or net he was not piepared to say,
but it looked very much like it fiom the facts of the
case—items which when aggregated would swell the
appiopria ions to mi'liens beyond the estimates. In
proof that the Executive had two sets of estimates, he
as eried that in some instances they were repoittd
to Congress and from which were omitted even the
sums necessary to carry on the Flonda war, and to
fulfil Indian treaties, objects for which the proper
1 departments knew ap,ropriations were absolutely
and  mlispensably necessary.   The samj c urse
had been pursued this session, to a certain extent.
A trea y, which had just been ratified r>y the Se-
nate, and which the Executive, when he sent in the
esumates must have been aware would, in all
probability, be ratified, wouid need tome three or
A ur hundred thousind d< Lars   to   fu'fil.    Thu
would  reces^arily swell the aggregate of arpropri-
ations.   Yet no mention was made of the protab -
lity of this amount being needej, and would be
hereafter charged upon Corgre^.    Mr.   B. bef re
concludirg bis  remarks, adverted  to the Indian
wars (wh chhad contributed to swell Ihe appropri-
ations,)  and contended that they grew out of the
bad management of thB Executive, or the agents of
the Government under his contri 1.
11      Mr. JONES, of Vngin a, orserved that it must
be perfectly apparent to every member of thecom-
i   mittee, that m the remarks he submitted a few rao-
I   ments ago, he intended to apply them to what had
I   transpired at the present ses ion of Congress, and
did not intend to go bejocd it.   He kiev very
well, that he would hav« enough on bis hands,
without going beyond  the range of h s duly, and
referrng 'o the transactions of the Administration,
for the last four or five years—to  the documen's
of which, thejent'eman wished him to go back to.
Now if there had been any fraud practised, he was
i  very sure that t'iey wou'd n'it have escaped the ob-
servation^ ti e honorable gentleman, and that he
would not have been backward in mak ng the pub-
It" acq i. inted w th them.    All he had now to say,
Was, lhit he had seen no lung on the part of the
Executive, which showed a desire to conceal any
thing from ihe Leg sla'ure, or fr>m the people.
I  But the honorable  gentleman  bad gone back to
I •■how   that the Presidmt was censurable fcr the
I  manner in which he carried on the Flor da war.
We  all know, said Mr J., how easy it  is to find
fault, and the gent'emen can prove, in their speech-
es and on paper, that every thing in  this war has
been conducted wrong, and that th  Pre.ident is
little better  than a fool, whi'e our ab'est generals
know rothing about mui'ary affairs.   Letsuchar-
i  currents go foith  to the countiy for  what they
'  are worth, and the people will know how to put the
1  right construction upou them
Mr. EIDDLE did not feel inclined, and peihaps
I  wa* not phvica! y able at this moment to follow
I   the  comen hat erratic courss of this dt^a'e     He
merely r s* to<-aj a w< id as to the r'ejiceof we ght
'ha' M ou d be attached to the-se b lis from havirg
Le n rtpüred by  the Committee ot  Wajs a->d
Mean*.    In tro t c^es 'lie  l'ems were founl in
f-e estimates fiom tie D piitments,  which Lad
been emboi'iel  in   t'ie report of the Secret try of
Treasury, anJ wera rekrred to in the boast tf the
Trej deni'a mesia£;e about the saving cf five n il-
!i n3 as cimpTel with last year.   Other lteuishid
been presentid frrrr* the Depa^men's wh ch were
not in iho-e e¡>t¡m,ite«.    Mr. B had taKen a stan4
I at the outset, that he would res st the introduction
j of such item?, unle=s an   exp anation was given
why they had been dr< pped in the estimates laid
before the Tr s dent.    The committ-e  had   de-
clined to go the  length of this principle, but had,
he te'ie el, genera ly  required ihe sanction of a
department, and repudiated that of subordinates,
who bad been, in the fiist instance,put forward. The
result would be, that for the supplemental items
thus introduced, there was no tangible enduring
responsibi ity; the application from the Depart-
ments were fugitive, and would be forgotten, and
the expenoiture, even for an additional clerk, as it
appeared in the statute book, would seem the act of
this body, in defiance of the President's anxious
injunctions. Mr. B said the honorable chairman
[Mr. Jones J krew, and would, ot course, in the
progress of the bill', point out such items. They
want to be watched with jealousy. He believed
that items of magnitude of this description, would
come rather from other committees than that of Ways
and Means, which he was bound to say, had been
vigilant ani scrupu'ous. Mr. B. would not be
understood as saying that he would vole for
nothing but what was in the President's est mates.
Far from it. But with regard to matters pressed
slyly by the Department, after a general statement
had_been got up fur the public eye, he would hold
them to a rigid explanation.
Mr. HÜBBARD r maiked- Mr. Chairman, I
am a new member, and shall not go over the ground
so much debated here to-day, as to who his been
most to blame for extravagance in expsnding pub-
lic money during former sessir ns of Congress"
whether it be the piesent and former Fresideat, or
Congress.
I shall endeavor to confine myself to the ques-
tion now under debate, and up n thissul-ject I
have to state, that so far as 1 can jud?e, from what
I have witnessed, the most talented tpponents of
the Administration have not treated the President
fairly on this ques ion of expenditure of public mo-
ney. In my opinion, an oppr sition to an Adm nis-
tratien, on the ground of exuvvas^nce, should be
able to point out what items ol appropr .itioi.s for
the public service are too high. If ibere be such, I
call upon the talented gentlemen now d nouocing
the President in general terms for was ing public
money, to point out the item that is Uo high, and I
will go with them They will always find me
among those who vote the lea t sum which will
carry on the Government. If they cannot point
out some particular item, it does seem to me that it
is unfair to make general objections against the
President, and by that means make the people dis-
satisfied wnh the adminis'ration of the Govern-
1 m-nt cf their choice, by so mt ch clamor against
bills that gentlemen, aftei ad of their com-
plaining, themselves vote for. Do they expect
they can excuse themse'vea f> t' eir consu'uents
after voting for such appropriates, by endeavor-
ing to >-hift the blame from thenselves to the Pre-
siden? They cannot do it, sir The reoplc will
require voting against as well as speaking against
appropriations, of which complaint is made to them.
I have, Mr. Chairman, witnessed, oa the p<irt
of the most talen'ed gentlemen of the Opposition in
this House, a method of attack ng the President,
which s*ems io me vety unusual and unstatesman-
lilie. It is th s whi st complaining of the Piesi-
dent for his extravagance, and making the great-
est profess ons of economy themselves, jet wher-
ever the President has fai'eJ to make a e«ll upon
us for money for any object of exp n.e to which
our money has heretorire been appliel, these gen-
tlemen have attacked him in the most violent man-
i ner lor rot including that [art rular obj ct in his
I   esumates for ihe j ear.
J       G mlemen know, (r ought to kn >w, that when-
ever tue Government begins  to wi h'io'd pub'ic
1 morey liom n eit>ts or sectu n   if countiv atcu*-
jl t >n el to rec ve  i', thu 'h   v<.     act ot  vxithhuld-
I   ing money frum thai section or in erest mus neces-
sarily, of itself, mi ate and d <-p eise th3 pa pie ro
di«appointtd.
Now it docs <eem to me ihat if these r due ions
in the estimates are proper, asute-man < r patriot
would rather d'S re so  ooih. an 1 quiet the people
so di^ppfointcd, by making then acquain'ed with
the true condition of tre vho'e country, and the
impoverished situation of the Treasury. But
if the«e reductions are not proper, then it
appears to me that, as statesmen and patucts,
they should shew that the country riquired an «n
laiged expfnli'ure, ?nd support it wi h their votes.
¡But it dees appear to me that th's methid of de-
nouncing the President for expenditures for which
