Congressional globe.
317
we vote ourselves; or denouncing him for not call-
log upon us for money which we cursehes are not
wilhrg to raise by our votes, is more like a mere
panisan warfare than patriotic statesmanlike op-
position.
These, sir, are my views upon the question of
expenditure*. I know that I am, under the Con-
stitution, responsib'e to my conMtuents for the mo-
ney I vote awav; and I will not atemp  to shift
that responsibility upeh ihe President; nor can
any member h«re excuse himself for voting away
the public money on the ground that the Presi-
dent is extravagant. He can use or expend no pub-
he money, unless we here vote it for him, aod re-
qnire hitn to ds  it; and I now tell gentlemen of all
parties who them^lves are disposed to cut i'own
this appropriation fc.ll, that they will find me with
them up 'n every attempt to lop off needless expen-
ditures.
Mr. VANDKRPOEL said he was glad to hear
such professions of economy from the other side of
the House. He assured gent'emen that he woald
eo-op?ra'e with them in the great woik of econo-
my, about which they now seeme I so solicitous.
If the result sha'l prove a little practice, as well as
profession, on their part, be (Mr. V.) would under-
take to prophesy, that the revenues of the year
would still be equal to its expenditure*; particu-
larly if we should pass a declaratory law, accord-
ing to the propos tion of the Committee on Manu-
factnres, to guard against the fiauds and evasions
hi your revenue laws, which were so constantly tw-
corrtng The gen'teman from Maine [Mr. Evans]
had, a few days ago, told us that the Secretary of
the Treasury had given us too flattering a view of
the f nances; that there was a permanent deficit;
that in asking fur the power to ¡«sue Treasnry
notes, he asked for nothing but palliatives; and
that the Secretary was deceived, If he entertained
the idea that, with the at J of five millions of Trea-
sury notes, he would be able to get through the
year  Notwithstanding the confident assertions of
the gentleman, he (Mr. V.) entertained a confident
bope that the Secretary woald be able to get through
the year without farther aid, if you promp ly passed
the abeve declaratory law, and took care, in your
appropriations, not to exesed the estímales. He
had heard some strange doctrines to-day; doctrines
thai seemed to him (Mr. V.) to conflict directly
with sentiments which their authors had so o'ieo
reiterated here. The gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Wise] says he hold" the Executive responsible for
every appropriation made by Congress within the
last seven years. How did the gentleman expect
the Executive to arrest the lesislalion of Congress
in regard to appropriations? Was it by means of
the veto power?
[Mr. Wise responded: "No, not by the veto."]
Th;B, said Mr. Vanderpoel, I wish the gmtle-
man woald define the means which he expects the
President to use to prevent improper legislation
by us?
{Mr. Wise said it was a certain indefinable power,
which no one understood better than h  friend from
New Yoik. It wat a look, or a hint, or a shake of
the head, by the President. This was all that was
necessary to deter his faithful supporters in this
House from voting for any measure.]
Mr. Vanoerpoel said he was astonished to hear
such a doctiuie as this from the gentleman from
Virginia. For more than  ix years has that gen-
tleman, and the •'indefinable" party with which he
has acted, rcon indignintly declaimed against the
alarming increase of Execu'ive power; this has
been the burden of his never ending complaints;.
and now, forsooth, he holds the President blame-
worthy, because he will n« transcend his own
constitutional functions, and dictate directly to
members of Congress, in regard to matters that
come clearly within tbeir constitulionl province.
Was it not very strange that the gentleman should,
so suddenly, change his tune? For years has Ex-
ecutive encroachment, real or imaginary, been with
that gentleman the a arming political sin of the
times; an-i now, behold, it Mills his purpose
to attach blamr to t'.e President, because he has
not practically ei.froafh-d far enough on the juris-
diction of Congress Up, Mr. V. was not prepared
to hear such a doctrine—a«cfr 4 ground of blame
against the President from that quarter. He could
now, however, he hoped, congratulate the country
that the frightful bugbear of Executive influence
had at least disappeare 1; for the leader of ihe Op-
position bad t  Ui the House that the President was
culpab'e, because he had not more efficiently ex-
erted that influence.
Mr. V. said he was not a little sutprised at the
positions assumed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr.  Cashing]     He tells  us that he
would hold th; President responsible, not only for
all appropriations made by Congress, but he would
also hold him responsible for the omiss'on of Con-
gres-> la make  necessary  appropriations,  if Ihey
were not included in the estimates.      The  Presi-
dent, ihan, is to be blamed if Congress appropri-
ate ko much; and the President is to be equally
blamed, if Congr ss appropriate loo little.     It
seems that there is 110 possible way of shielding the
President from censure, unless Congre«s   adopt
the very exact medium which accords with justice
and propriety.   This is certaiuly placing the Presi-
dent in a pretty difficult poution.     Such doctrines
at this late day seemed to him, Mr. V. to militate
very much ajaimt all the arguments and denun-
ciations he had, for the last several >ears, heard
against undue Executive influence.   It was a little
singular that the gentleman from Massachusetts
should  venture to hold the President  so strictly
responsible   fot   a'l   the   appropriations    made
by     Congres*,     when     we     considered     what
that   gentleman   had   done    here    within    the
last   four   days.     That   gentleman had recent-
ly, a? a member of the   Committee of Foieign
Affair*;, reported a bill to appropriate five millions
of dollars to indemnify a class of claimants fot spo-
liations cemrmtted  by France anterior to   1800.
Now it' it --hould to happen that his bill should be-
come a law, some four or five years hence, when
gentlemen ofthe Opposition sh^ll hold up in fright-
ful colors the appalling aggregate of the expendi-
tures of th's Government, they will take good care
not to admit or state that, wi h this large  itera of
five   millions,  the    Executive bad   no   connec-
tion; and yet, according to the arguments of the
two gentlemen  who had preceded him, the Presi-
de it ought to   be held responsible for such appro-
priations.    And it was of this that he, Mr. V.
comp'ained.   When gentlemen talked about, or
denounced, the expenditures of a p irticular year,
tbey contented   themselves   with the   aggregate:
never troubled themselves with particular, for if
they did so, they would show that tlicr own vo'es
were ins'rumental in swelling up these aggregates.
We do charge, sir,  that  the larg- expenditures of
late years are mainly attributable to Congress, and
not to tie President.   This very year, a proposi-
tion has come from one or two of my colleagues,
[Meisrs. Marvin and Bernard,] to appropriate a
very formidable  sum  for  the   improvement of
rivers and  harbors; appropriations for objects  of
this description were not included in the  estimates
sent here  by the  Departments    Still, if his col-
league's bill should pass, it would serve to create a
new text   for homilies some  two or three  years
hence, upon the extravagance of this Administra-
tion.
Some five years ago, we passed a bill to increase
the compensation of the officers of the navy; for
which he (Mr. V.) voted; but the mon formidable
opposition it encountered, was from the friends of
the Administation here.   This had swelled  the
naval expenditures very considerably; yet gentle-
men, when  they denounced any increase, would
not tell us that they voted for a measure, which essen-
tially contributed to such increase.    Cmfine your-
selves, then, to the es'tmates; and, my word for it,
you will not have so tnnch occasion in future times
to complain of the ex'ravagance of 1840.
After some remarks from Mr. GRAVES,
On motion of Mr. DUNCAN,
The committee rose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Fridav, April 10, 1840.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the credentials of
the Hon. ROBERT J. WALKER, elected by the
Legislature of the State of Mississippi a Senator in
the Congress of the United States for the term of
six years from the 4ih of March, 1841; which were
read, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER presented a petition of citizeni
of Lowndes county, Mississippi, praying for the
enactment of a general bankrupt law>
Mr. W. said he would take this opportunity to
state that he was in favor of the passage of a gene*
ral bankrupt law, if corporations, and especially
banks—which are now setting up as a kind of sub-
monarchies in the land—were embraced in its pro-
visipns.
The* petition was referred to the Committee on
the Jud ciary.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of John Scar-
borough and Nancy his wife, of the State of Mis-
sissippi, (tiling that they are the parents of twenty
living children, praying a donation of land; which
was referred to the Committee on the Publio Lands.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of citizens
and members of the bar, praying the removal of
the circuit court of the Uoited States to Vicksburg;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of William
H. Smith, of Mu-sssippi, praying the confirmation
of his title to a tract ot land; which was referred to
the Comm.ttee on the Public Lands.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of Griffin
Ross;                                   ,  ,
The petition of Thomas H. Ross;
The petition of Seth Ross;
The petition of George Reed;
The petition of Isaiah Gales;
The petition of A. Hollands; and
The petition of J. W. Curryv,
all of* Mississippi, praying a pre-emption to certain
designated tracts of land; which wire ie'erredto tha
Committee on the Public Lands-
Mr. HUBBARD pretested documents in relation
to theclaim of James H. Relie; which were referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. DAVIS, in behalf of his colleague, [Mri
Webster ] presented a document in relation to
the drawback of duties on refined sugars; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. MOUTON pres-ented the petition of Lewis
L. Harper, praying a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut presentad the peti-
tion of a number of citizens of the State of Con-
necticut, praying a reduction of the postage on let-
ter-; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WALL submittel additional documents in
the case of Thomas L. Winthrop, and others, di-
rectors of the New Eogland Mississippi Lacd
Company.
Mr. W. also presented the petition of a number
of citizens of TuckertOB, N. J. remonstrating
against the establishment of a certain mail route;
which was refen ed to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
FRONTIER DEFENCES.
Mr. NORVELL presented a preamble and joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Mxhigan, con-
cerning the military protection ofthe frontier of
that State. While up, he would take the occasion
to express his profound surprise at the opinion ex-
pressed by General Scott, in the communication
lately made by him to the War Department, in re-
lation to the British military preparations on the
northern frontier—that he regarded all forts and
barracks built on that frontier as of little or no mi-
litary value to either of the parties, in the event of
a new war between the United States and Great
Britain. He declares that from Cornwall, which
is on the St. Lawrence, along the whole frontier
line of Upper Canada, extending, as it does, seve-
ral hundred miles all the way up to Lake Supe-
rior, such structures are of no military va-
lue. Uninformed as he was in military scienc*,
he must nevertheless say that the "fixed opi-
nion" of the gallant General was at war
wi h all the notions which he had derived from
history or observation upon such subjects. He
had been in the habit of regarding the military^at-
tainments, courage, and skill of that disttnguisnea
officer, with great respect; but it was certain mat
