318
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
his views Ad not correspond with the opinion'; of
the people «Ion? «ne whole line of northern fron-
tier. Tney dtd ihink military works of great
importance, both to accomodate the troops, and to
defend tbe c mntry. They could not see how Mich
work* conki be dispensed with one side, when they
had been constructed, and were in a course ofcon-
sUoctton, on the other side. He did not believe
with the General, that the British military prepa-
rations at any point «ere made, and making,
aolely to protect the neighborhood "from refuge* in-
w>*riw from our side." With the views which
ht entertained upon this subject, he must be per-
muted to ask tht special attention of the Mi'itary
Committee to the works already existing, as well
as to those required for our defence, on that fron-
tier. And he would move the reterenee of the
resolutions, together with a letter from theGover-
■or of Michigan, to that committee, and further
that they should be printed for the use of the Se-
nate.
The reference and printing were ordered.
Mr. N. also presented the memorial of a num-
ber of ciuxens of Berrien county, Michigan, pray-
ing the passage of a general bankrupt law; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. N. also presented the memorial of the Lake
Superior Fishing and Mining Company of the
State of Michigan, praying (o be a! Wed the right
of working the mineral lands belonging to the United
S ates aloog the southern shore oí Lafre Superior,
in the said Sute; which was referred to tbe Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented the following
preamble and resolutions of the Legisla tjre of the
Sute of Indiana, which were read:
A PREAMBLE AND JOINT RESOLITION3 IN RELA-
TO THE NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY
Wherea.*, The General Assembly of the State of
Ohio have adopted and caused to be laid before
this General Assembly the following resolutions,
to wit: "Whereas, by the Declaration of Inde-
pendence on the fourth of July, seventeen hun-
dred and seventy-six, the United States of Ame-
rica became a sovereign and independent nation,
wuh full power over to  territory witbm her
limits; ana wherea.", at the treaty of seventeen
hundred and eighty-three, between the United
States of America and Great Britain, the North-
era ant" Northeastern boundaries between the
two Governments were fairly designated and di<¡-
UBCily describe J; and whereas the f aid British
Government has since set up claims to a part of
the territory of the: e States, and now lying wuh-
ín the State of Maine; and whereas the subjects
of the British Crown have recently invaded and
trespassed upon the territory of the State of
Mame, and withm the limit* of this Confede-
racy; and destroyed tbe property belonging to the
State: Therefore, Be it resolved bv tbe General
Assembly of the State of Ohio, That we vie*
with united approbation the prompt and ener-
getic action of tbe authorities of Maine, to pro-
tect the rights and honor not only of their own
Sute, but of the whole Union: Resolved, That
tbe act of Congress conferring upon the Presi-
dent of the United States ample power and
means to protect this nation from foreign inva-
sion, has our full and most hearty assent: Re-
solved, That while we highly approve the efforts
made by the President of ihe Uo.ied States, to
avert from thi¿ eoan'ry the calamities ot war,
and earnestly hope that they may be, as they
have been heretofore, successful; yet, i ould a
collision take place between thn Government
and Great Britain, in the settlement of tbe pend-
ing di>pnte, Ohio tenders ber whole means and
resources to the authorities of this Union, in
sustaining onr rights and honoi: Resolved,
That the Governor be directed to transmit a
copy of the foregoing preamble and resolutions
to the President oí the Uni'ed States, and to the
Governors of the several Stales," March 18,
J 839;
Therefore, Be it resolved by the General Jtuembly
eftkt Slate of Indiana, Tnat we fully concur in and
heartily approve of the  above resolutions of  the
General Assembly of tbe State of Ohio.
Rtttlved, That while we cherish the hope that,
in the adjustment of the queMion of our national
boundary, the integrity of our soil, and the nation-
al honor, may be preserved inviolate without an ap-
peal to arms, yet we will ever prefer honorable
war rather than dishonorable peace.
Rnolved, That, should a collision take p'ace be-
tween this Government and Great Britain in the
settlement of the pending dispute, Indiana tenders
her whole means and resources to the authorities
of the Union in sustaining our -ightsand honor.
Resolved, That the Governor be directed to trans-
mit a copy of the foregoing preamble and resolu-
ttons to the President of the United State?, to each
of onr Senators and Representatives in Congress,
and to ihe Givernors of the seveial States.
The resolntuns were laid on the table, and or-
dere I to be printed.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of Joseph
Philipson, of Mi smiri, praying thecenfirmauon of
his title to a tract of land; which was referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. RUGGLES presented the following resolu-
tions passed by the Legislature of Maine, which
were read:
RESOLVES RELATINO TO THE NORTHEASTERN
BOUNUARV.
Resolved, That the patriotic enthusiasm with
which several of our sister Sta'es, the past year,
tendered us with their aid to repel a threatened fo-
rran invasion, deminds our grateful recollection;
and, whilst this sp rit of self sacrifice and self de-
votion to tbe national honor pervades the Union,
we cannot doubt that t'ie integrity of our .erntory
will be preserved.
Resolved, That the promptness and unanimity
with which the last Congress, at the call of this
State, placed at the disposal of the President tbe
arms and treasures of the nation, for our defence;
the firmness of the Executive, in sustaining the ac-
tion of tlu> State, and repelling the charge of an in-
fraction of the ar-angement made with the British
Lieutenant Governsr in March last, and charging
back upon the British Government the violation
of that agreement, their decision, in demanding
the removal of the British troops now qnar^red
upon the disputed territory, as the only guarantee
that they sincerely desire an amicable adjustment
of the boundary question; afford us confident as-
surance that this Slate will not be compelled single
banded to take up arms in defence of our territory
and the national honor, and that the crisis is near
when this question will be settled by the National
Government, ei her ry ^negotiation or by the ulti-
mate resort.
Resolved, That, un'ess the British Government,
during the pretent 'ession of Congress, make or ac-
cept a distinct and satistactory proposition for tbe
immediate adjustment of the boundary question, it
will be the duty of the General Government to
Uke military pos^e^ion of the disputed territory;
and, in the name of a sovereign Slate, we call up-
on the National Government to fulfil its constitu-
tional obligations to establish the line wLich they
have solemnly declared to be the true boundary,
boundary, and to protect this S ate in extending
her jurisdiction to the utmost limns of our terri-
tory.
Resolved, That we have a right lo expect the Ge-
nTal Giverament will extend to th s member of
the Union, by negotiation or by arms, tha protec-
tion of her territorial rights, guarantied E>y the Fe-
d ral compact, and thus save her fiorn the neces-
sity of fallirg b< ck np n her natural and reserved
rights of se>f defence anfl s-If protection—rights
which crns'itu'ions can neither give nor take away;
but, Mion'd this confidence of a speedy cnsis be
disappi inted, it will become the imperative duty of
Mime to assume the defence of our State and na-
tional honor, and expel from our Iimi's th« British
troops now quartered upon our territory.
Resolved, That the Governor be requested to for-
warJ copies of these reso'utiors to the President
and Heads of Departments, and to the Senators
and Representatives in Congress from this State,
with a leqne.t to the latter to lay them before the
respective bodies of which they are members; aUn,
to the Governors of the several States, with a re-
quest to lay them before tbeir several Legislatures.
The resolutions were referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations and ordered to be pr nted.
Mr. R. also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Maine in opposition to the bill reducing the
duty on salt, and repealing the fishing bouuties.&c.
which were laid on the table, and ordued to be
printed.
Mr. ALLEN presented the memorial of a num-
ber of citizens of Maumee, in the State of Ohio,
praying the passage of a general bankiupt law;
which was leferred to the Comnut'ee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. GRUNDY submitted an additional docu-
ment in relation to the petition of Pieston Siarni;
which was referred to Ihe Committee on Claims.
Mr. BENTON, from the Select Committee,
which was raised to make a legal and documentary
report on the origin and character of the fishing
bounties and allowances, submitted a report; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, from the minority of the same com-
mittee, made a report upon the same subject; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANDERSON moved that ten thousand ad-
ditional copies of these reports be printed for the
use of the Senate.
Mr. RUGGLES objected to this motion. He
hoped that the usual number would be printed, and
then if it was deemed to contain matter interesting
to the public, a motion could be made to punt a
larger number.
Mr. HUBBARD was g ad that the Senator from
Tennessee bad made the motion f< r the printing of
an extra number of these reports. The subj. ct of
which they treated was one of great interest to a
large portion of New England, and he wished that
all ihat could be said on both sides might be ge-
nerally read. He would therefore vote for the
motnm.
Mr. ANDERSON said he had one or two rea-
sons for his motion, wi h which he would not have
troubled the Senate, but for the objections which
had been urged against it.
The subject was one of Ihe greatest interest,
and, as to one branch of it, had already attraced
the deepest a'ten ion of the public. Inquiry bad
been awakened in almost every portion of the
country, an I the most lively expectation was felt,
rarucularly in the interior and the Par West—and
coming, as he did, from a State that had an ear-
nest solicitude upon the subject of the salt tax, and
being a member of the committee that made the
report, he thought it his duty, and due to the im-
portance of the questions involved, to move for the
printing of an extra number of copies, with a view
to give to the people all the information within our
power. The two reports now submitted to the Se-
nate contained the adverse opinions which had long
prevailed in the country .fully expressed,and present-
ed a full and complete documentary and legal re-
view, arranged with accuracy, and embracing the
statutory provisions from the origin of the subject,
through its whole progress, lo the present period.
Thf se statutes had been examined and compared,
from 1789 onward, and the whole evidence" grow-
ing out of petitions and reports, which had been
presented to Congress by those who entertained
conflicting opinions, were put into a condensed
form, with lucid comments, which shed ample light
upon the questions, and he had no doubt wculd
be highly gratifying and greatly useful to the public
He trusted that the printing wou'd be ordered: he
thought it due 10 ihe importance of the subject and
to the people.
The question was th"n taken, on printing the ex-
tra number, and it was ogieed to.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciaty, reported a bill to amend an act, approved
January 18,1839, entitled an act to amend an act
entitled an act to require the judge oí East and
West Tennessee to hold a court at Jackson, in said
State, approved June 19, 1838, and for other pur-
pose ; which was read, and ordered to second read-
nig.
Mr. NORVcLL, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referrea the bill for the
relief of James L. Cochran, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Commute on
the-Public Lands, to which was referred the bill to
annex a certain tract of land to the Cooia land dis-
