COtf&RESSIONAL. GLOBE.
26th Cono..........1st Suss.
TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 1840.
Volume 8...........No. 21.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Continued frcm No. 20.
enable claimants of land within the limits of Mis-
souri and the Territory oí Arkansas to institute
proceedings to try the validity of their c'aima," ap-
proved the twenty-sixth day of May, eghteen hun-
dred and twenty-four, and an act amending the
same, and extending the provisions of said acts to
claimant to land within the State of Louisiana
and Mississippi, being taken up as in Committee of
the Whole, was discussed at length by Messrs.
BENTON, GRUNDY, CLAY of Kentucky, SE-
VIER, LÍNN, HENDERSON, ANDERSON,
CALHOUN, CLAY of Alabama, and BUCHA-
NAN, the question coming up on the following
amendment proposed by Mr. BENTON, viz:
11 And be it further enacted, That this-act shall not
apply to any claim in the Sate of Missouri for
more than twenty thousand arpens, or to any claim
exceeding that amount, which lies partly in that
State, and partly in Arkansas."
The question being taken on the amendment, it
was negatived—ayes 16, nays 19, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Hubbard,
Knight, Lumpkin, Norvell, Smith of Indiana,
Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and Wright
—16.
NAY3—Mf s<rs, Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Dans, Dixon, Pulton, Grundy,
Henderson, King, Linn, Mtrnck,Nicholas, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Robinsjn, and Sevier—19.
The question was ihfn taken on the engross-
ment of the bill for a third reading, and decided in
the affirmative—ayes 21, nays 11, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clayton, Cri ten-
den, Dixon, Pulton, Grundy, Henderson, King,
Knight, Linn, Me nek, Nicho'as, Noiveil, Porter,
Preston, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Indi-
ana, Walker, and White-*3l.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Davis, Lump-
kin, Strange, Sturgeon, and Tappan—11.
The Senate ihen proceeded to the consideration
of Executive business, an J aft rwaid*
Arjjourneft
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 13, 1840.
The SPEAKER laid before the House further,
testimony in relation to the New Jersey con'ested
e'ection; which' was -referred to the Committee of
Elections.
The pres:ntation of petitions be'ng the first thin 
in order, the roll by States was called over for that
purpose; when ihey were presented.
By Mr. J. W. WILLIAMS, of New Hamp-
shire.
[Mr. Wiixiami presented petitions to protect the
revenue frem fraud; which, on h'n motion, was
referred to the Committee of the Whole, having
the subject under consideraron. Also the petition of
Mr. Snow and others for rescinding the ru'e in rela-
tion to Abolition petitions; which was not received
under the ru'e.]
By Messrs. ADAMS, CUSHING, and LIN-
COLN, of Massachusetts.
Mr. ADAMS presented certain resolutions of
the Legislature of Massachusetts, concerning cer-
tain laws of tther States, which affect the rights of
the citizens of Massachusett ; [this is supposed to
relate W free negroes of Massachusetts, who, by
the laws of other States, when taken up on sus-
picion of being slaves, are imprisoned and sold
out for jail fees;] which he moved to have printed
and referred to a Select Committee.
Mr. ANDREWS of Keniucky moved that it do
lie upon the table.
Mr. CALHOUN of Massachusetts demanded
the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and were
—yeas 109, na>s'49.
So it was laid on the table.
Mr. ADAMS also predated certain joint reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Massachusetts, de-
nouncing to resolutions adopted by the House of
Representatives on the subject of Abolition peti-
tions, as a denial of the right of petition and as
unconstitutional, and asking that the same may be
rescinded; wh'ch Mr. A. moved to refer to a Select
Committee, and have printed.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama moved that they
do lie on the table.
Mr. ADAMS demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were ordered, and were—yeas
105. nays 64.
YEAS—Messrs. Jtidson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Andrews,
Atherton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd,
Aaron V. Brown, Albert 6. Brown, Burke, S. H. Butler, Jesse
A. Bynum, William B. Campbell, .John Carr, Carter, Casey,
Chapman, Chinn, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Conner, Mark
A. Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Cross, John Davis, John W.
Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Doig, Drom-
goole, Earl, Eastman, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd, Galhraith, James
Garland, Rice Garland, Gentry, Gerry, Goggin,Graham, Graves,
Griffin, Hastings, Hawes, Hill of North Carolina, Hook,
George W. Hopkins, Thomas B. Jackson, John Jameson,
Joseph Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Kemble,
King, Leonard, Lucas, McCarty, McCulloch, McKay, Mallory,
Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montgomery, Newhard, Nisbet,
Pariah, Petiikin, Pope, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rives, James Ro-
gers, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Stanly, Bteenrod, Strong,
Sumter, Sweney, Taliarerro, Philip F. Thomas, W. Thomp-
son, Turney, Vanderpoel, David D. Wtgener, Warrea, Wat-
tcreon, Edward D. White, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Lewis
Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and Christopher H. Williams
—105           .
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Baker, Barnard, Bell, Bond, Briggs,
Anson Brown, Calhoun, James, Cooper, Corwin Cranston,
Cushing, Thomas Davee, Edward Davies, Edwards, Evans,
Everett, Fillmore, Giddings, Goode, Grang r, Grinnell, Hall,
William S.'Hastings, Henry, Hoffman, Howard, Hunt, James,
Kempshall, Leet, Lincoln, Lowell, Marvin, Morgan, Calvary
Morris. Ogle, Palen, Parmenter, Randall, Randen, Reed, Riclg-
way, Russell, Saltonstall, Simonton, Sink, John Smith,
Storrs, Tillinghast, Toland, Trumbull, Underwood, and P. J.
Wagner—64 -
So they we e laid on the table.
Mr. LINCOLN presented resolves of the Legis
laturo of the Commonwealth of Ma sichuseits, de-
claring the serse of the Legislature, that ihe people
of that Comrmnwealth have just cause of con-
plaint en account of the treatment, by the General
Government, in withholding the piyment of the
claims for militia d sbursementsand exrcises incur
red by the State in ihe late war with Great Britain,
after the same had been examined and allowed by
the officer duly appointed to make such examina-
tion: and further declaring, that the course pursued
by Congress in this matter toward Massachusetts,
is a manifest vitiation of justice, and that Ihe
would not be true to herself if she  ri uld consent
to remain contented and silent, while she is de-
prived of her acknowledged rights. Mn L. moved
the printing of the resolves, and their reference to
the Committee on Military Affa'rs; -which was or-
dered accordingly.
Mr. L also offered the petition of Chales
White and numerous other citizens of Holden, in
the Fifth Congressional District of Massachusetts,
remonstrating against the rule of the House of Re-
presentatives, excluding from reception peiitions
on the subject of slavery, and asking its imm 'dí-
ate repeat; which petition Mr. L. moved to have
refered to a S-Iect Committee, with instructions to
report a rescindment of ihe obnoxious rule: or-
dered to be laid on the table.
Mr. JONES of Virginia called for the orders of
ihe day.
Mr. R \ND0LPH moved to postpone the orders
of the day, for the purposs of continuing the call of
the roll tor petitions; which was decided in Ihe ne-
gative.
Mr. R. GARLAND, from the Select Commi'tee
on Printing, asked leave to present the report of
the mit ority of that committee in relation of sepa-
rating the printing from the political press of the
country.
Mr. BLACK objected to the reception of the
report of the minority, unt 1 the majority were pre-
pared to present their views. The House some-
time ago granted the committee further time to
prepare their report, and the time had not yet ex-
pired; and he intended to avail himself of the full
time to report. He was now preparing it, and
hoped the Honre would notauthorize the printing of
the views of the minority until the majority were
ready to report, that bo.h might be printed at the
sama time.
Mr. R. GARLAND movel to suspend the
rules to enable him to present the repert.
Mr. GRAVES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 74, nays 89.
Sj the House  refused to suspend the rolts.
Mr. J. W. JONES moved that the Home pass
to ihe o-ders of the day, by resolving itself into
Committee of \hi Whole.
Mr. GRAVES asked leave to present a resolu-
tion to compel the Committee on Public Printing
to make a report.
Mr. BLACK objected to ihe reception of the
resolution.on the ground that it woulJ notbe in order
for the Houss to compel the committee to report
without rescinding the re:o'uiion granting the com-
mittee further time to report. The committee
would report at ihe proper time.
Mr. GRAVES moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to prvsent the resolution; which was,
however, negatived without a count.
The House then resolved itself into a Cemmit'ee
of the Whole on the .state of the Union (Mr.
Casey in the chair,) and toak up (he civil and
diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. WISE, who was entitled to the floor on the
above bill, spoke at some length in relation to the
increase in the expenditure . He was followed in
reply by Messrs. J. W. JONES and SAMUELS of
Virginia.
Mr. STANLY obtained the floor, and made an
effort to prove that General Harrison was not an
Abolitionist; and quoted from the Emancipator, Phi-
lantrophist.and oiher Aboliiion paper>,to sustain him
in the ground he es«urncd, but was interrupted by
Mr. HOPKINS of Virginia, who furnished him wiih
some extracts from Emancipators, of % date prior
to those fr:>m which he was .quoting, as a proof that
ihí editor ofthat pipT advanced the opinion that
Gen. Hanison's opinions were favorab'e to the
cause of Abolition.
A debate ht-re aros?, in which Messrs. WISE
an! HOPKINS partcipttel; wag  the latter gen-
tlemm, by the perm^si >n of Hie gentleman of
North Carolina, [Mr. Stanly,] who was still enti-
t'ed to the floor, movel that the committee rise,
which was ag'eeJ to; and the committee r<se, and
the chairman reported progress on ihe bi 1, an 1
ssked leave to sit again: leave was granted; then,
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE,
The House, at 6 o'clock, adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, April 14, 1840.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented the petition of
a number of citizens of the State of Indiana, re-
monstrating "against the employment of blord-
hounds against the. Florida Indians. Mr. S. said
that, believing from the late accounts, that tbesa
animals were net so dangerous as they were sap-
posed to be, he would not trouble any of the com 
mitjees with a consideration of ihe petition; and he '
would therefore move to lay it on the table. This
motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the petition of 1735
citizens of ihe city of New York, praying for the
enactment c f a general bankrupt law: referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. W. sis > presented the memorial of a large
number of citizens of the city of New York,
publishers if periodicals, magazines,&c. praying a
reduction of the pomge on such publications, so as
to bring them down to the same rate of postage as
is collected on newspapers: referred to the Com-
mittee on the Pon Office and Post Reads.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of
Charles McKinsey; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.                                            .
Mr. N. also, from the same committee, reportea a
bill granting to the county < f Kent, in the State or
Michigan, the right of pre-emption to a quart*-
