322
■ - ■     i           -ii.        .                                   • ——
section of the public lands; which was read, and   1
ordered io a second reading.                                        j
Mr. N. also, fiom the same committee, to which   )
■Wfre referred
Resolutions of the Legislature of the State of
Vermont, in favor of a distribution of the proceeds
of ihe sales of the publ.c lands among the Sta'es;
Resolutions ol  the Legislature of Kentucky, ad-
Terse to the cession of the public lands to the S ates
in which they lie, and in favor of a distribution of
the proceeds of the public lands among the States;   I
and                                                                               I
The memorial of citizens of Ohio in favor of a   I
distribution of  the proceeds of the public lands   i
arcog the States;  a¿ked to be discharged fioni   ¡
their lurther consideration; which was azreed to.       i
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.               I
Mr. BUCHANAN, from the Committee on Fo-   |
reign Relations, made the following repot t:
The Commhlee on Fore g i Relations, to which
was referred the several messages of the President
of the United States, communicating to Congress,    !
at its present se-sion, certain official correspon- ,]
dtnee in relation to the question of the territory in
d spu'e with Great Britain on our Northeastern
frontier; and also certain restlations of the Legis- '
lator« of Maine on the same subject,
REPORT:
That they have had .the .«ame under con- '
sideration, and now deem Jit expedient to comma- |
nicate to the Senate theitfreasons fof not making,
at the pie ent moment, a general report opon the ,
whole subject. They feel ihat they will be.-t per- ,
form this duty, by placing clearly and d rtincily be- <
fore the Senate the exis/teg state- and condition of ,:
the pending negotiation between the two Govern- ;
mens.                                      /
The President of thWUnited átales, in bis annual ,
avssage of DecetLber last, informed Congress that,
'for the settlement of our Northeastern boundary,
the proposition promised wj Great Britain for a
comrausion of exploration/and survey, has bien
received, and a counter wrojeet, including also a
provision for the certaiy and final adjustment
of the limits in dispute, is now before the British
Government for its ejinsideration." The Pre-
sident has not thought it advisable to com- <
muoicate this counter project to Congre s; yet we I
have his assurance, on which tbe most confident
reliance may be placed, that it is of such a charac-
ter as will, should it be accepted, finally settle the
question. This proposition was officially commu-
nicated to that Goveirfment during the last sum-
mer.
Mr. Fox, the British Minister, in his note of the
24th January last, doubtless with a perfect know-
ledge of tbe nature of the project which had been
submitted by the American Government to that of
Great Britain, assures Mr. Forsyth, "that he not
only preserves the hope, but he entertains the firm
be'icf, that if tbe duty of negotiating the boundary
question be left in the hands of the two National
Governments, to whom alone of right it belongs,
the difficulty of conducting the nego:iation to an
amicable is-ue wilt not be found so great as hat
been by many persons apprehended/' And in his
subsequent note of March 13,1840, he states that
he has been instructed to declare, "that her Ma-
jesty's Government are only waiting for the de-
tailed report of the British commissioners recently
employed to survey the disputed territory, which
report, it was believed, would be comp!e:ed and
delivered to her Majesty's Government by the end
of the pre ent month, (March.) in order to tiansmit
to tbe Government of the United States a reply to
their last proposal upon the subject of the boun-
dary negotiation." Thus we may reasonably ex-
pect that this reply will be received by the Presi-
dent during the present month, (of April,) or early
in May.
Whilst such is the condition of the principal ne-
gotiation, the committee have deemed it inexpe-
dient, at this time, to -report upon the subordinate
though important question in relation to the tempo-
rary ocenpat on of the disputed territory. They
trust that the answer of the British Government
may be of such a character as to render a report
upon this latter subject unnecessary. In any event,
key hare every reason to believe that the state of
fospenae Till be bat of brief duration.
CONGRESSIONAL GtOBE.
The committee, ever since this embarrassing and
exciting quest on has been first pres< nted for their
consideration, have been anxious that the Govern-
ment of the United States should constantly pre-
serve itself in the right; and hitherto this desire has
been fully accomplished. The territorial rights of
Maine have been uniformly asserted, and a firm
determination to maintain them has been invaria-
bly evinced; though this has been done in an ami-
cab!  spirit. So far as the committee can exercise
any influence over the subject, they are resolved,
that if war should be the result, which they confi-
dently hope may not be the case, this war shall be
rendered inevitable, by the conduct of the British
Government. They have believed this to be the
surest mode of uniting every American heart and
every American aim in defence of the just rights
of the country.
It is but justice to remark, that the Executive
branch of the Government has, from the begin-
ning, been uniformly guided by the same spirit,
and has thus far pursued a firm, consistent, and
prudent course, throughout the whole negotiation
wih Gieat Britain.
Whilst the committee can perceive no adequate
cause, at the present moment, for anticipating hos-
tilities between the two countries, they would not be
understood as expressing the opinion that this coun-
try shou'd not be prepared to meet any emeigency.
The question of peace or war rmy, in a great de-
gree, depend upon the answer of the British Go-
vernment now speedily expected.
Mr. WRIGHT called for the reading of the re-
port, and it was read accordingly; alter which
Mr. W. observed that in calling for the reading
cf the report, his only object was to hear the views
of the commiuf e, and to give himself an opportu-
nity to move for the printing of an extra number
number of copus. He would make that motion
for the reason, that within the last fewweil-s, he
believed he m'ght say within the last two weeks,
his correspondents, a great many of whom were
on the frontiers, seemed to entertain alarming ap-
prehensions of immediate hostilities between this
country and England. From what cause he knew
not. He had seen nothing himself to authorize
such apprehensions, and he was gratified to find
that the Committee on Foreign Relations enter-
tained the same opinion.
Mr W. then moved for the printing of ten thou-
sand extra copies of the report.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that the committee
had"no intention of moving the printing of an ex-
tra number of copies of this report, though ct rtain-
ly, as a member of it, he should not oppose the mo-
tion. The report was very short, and from the in-
terest generally taken in the subject, it might, and
probably would, be copied into all the country pa-
pers. He did not believe that it would occupy
more than one column in the ordinary sized news-
paper", and iherefore there was little doubt but it
would be extensively circulated. Still, if the Sena-
tor from New York [Mr. Wricht] wished an ex-
tra number printed, he should not oppose it. He
had only made these suggestions for the informa-
tion of the gentleman himself, and woul . be con-
tent with any decision that might be made.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky concurred entirely in
what had been said by the chairman of the com-
mittee, and thought the Senator from New York
would hardly deem it necessary to go to the ex-
pense of printing ten thousand copies of a docu-
ment, which, as Ihe chairman said, was so short
that it could be copied into all the papers of the
country. He thought that it would at once take a
general circulation, without being sent out in
pamphlet form; and he hoped that if the Senator in-
sisted on the printing, that he wou'd modify his
motion so as to print a smaller number.
Mr. CLAY of Ala. reco'lected that we had had
the correspondence between the Secretary of State
and the British Minister, on several occasions com-
municated to the Senate during the present session,
and on each occasion ten thousand copies were
printed. At all events th's was a subject of ex-
citing interest from one end of the Union to the
other. If the document was so very small, as al-
leged by the chairman, it would cost the Govern-
ment very little lo print the extra number of copies. I
Mr. WRIGHT observed that his residence was
on the frontier, where the people felt a great anx-
iety on the subject. There was no doubt that the
military preparations on the British frontier* had
been very brükly carried on during the winter and
spring; but his own belief was that these prepara-
tions related entirely to the internal condition of
the provinces, wheh furnished sufficient grounds for
them. In addition to the late distuibances there, it
was known that the British Government was about
to attempt a most important change in the govern-
ment of their colonies on our borders, and this
might reasonably be supposed to furnish another
reason for the military preparations they have been
making. But with the excitement existing on cur
frontiers, every change on the part of our neigh-
bors was watched by our citizens with an intense
interest, which we here at a distance cannot feel,
and it was with a desire to allay this excitement
that he wished the report to be sent out. He would
not persist in the motion if it should be against
the pleasure of the Senate, and he was willing to
modify it so as to meet the views of all. But he
weuld, at the same time, observe that, if there had
been a document which the public would be more
anxious to see than any other—if there was one
wh ch would be likely to allay the excitement
existing on the subject, it was th s. He knew
that it was very short, and that the cost of
printin? could not be very great; he knew,
too, that notwithstanding the immer.se circu-
culation of the newspapers of the country,
there were many, very many, whom these newspa-
pers did not reach, and that the circula ion ot' a
document of this kind, coming immediately from
the Senate, would have effect in allaying the ap-
ptehensions of our citizens, which a circulation
through the newspapers would not.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama rose to say, on the in-
formation of the Secretary, that ten thousand co-
pies of all the documents that had been communi-
cated on this subject, during the present session,
had been printed.
Mr. RUGGLES said he did not rise to object to
the printing of the eitra number proposed, nor in-
deed to advoca'e the printng of so large a number.
It was a very short report, and would te read in
the newspapers^ by every citizen of Maine, and
perhaps by every citizen of the country, long be-
fore the extra number would be likely to be fur-
nished to the Senate. He had no wish to inc ease
our expenditures for printing, yet he should not
oppose any extra number gentlemen thought proper
to recommend.
He said he certainly felt less anxiety for print-
ing a large number, from the belief he entertained
that the report might have the effect of d;s-
appointing many citizens of the S'ate he, in p rt,
represen'ed, in affording them some possible appre-
hers'.on that the spirit manifested in the late cor-
respondence between the two Governments, is felt
less strongly tow than at the time that correspon-
dence took place. He was well aware that there
was a portion of the pecple whose minds were
fully prepared for the most prompt and energetic
measures. Another porion doubtless contem-
plated a resort to war with serióos apprehension.
It was not to be questioned that the expectaions, if
not the hopes, of the former class, would be re-
pressed and disappointed; and that the latter would
as certainly derive encouragement lo their desire
for the- long continuance of peace. He observed
that Maine felt strongly and deeply on this subject.
She had entertained hopes that th s controversy
wa* now about to be brought to a cli.se. She is
expecting strong, decisive and energetic action on
the part of this Government. He d d not#mean
to be understood as intimating thit the tone and
spirit of the report of the committee afforded any
sufficient evidence that she would be disappointed
in the character ©f the measures she has been anti-
cipating. Nevertheless, the report, he believed,
would by many be looked upon as a peace document,
and as calculated to relieve the country from all
apprehension of a rupture with Great Britain, at
least for some time to come. The honorable Senator
from New York [Mr. WatoHT] appeared to have so
understood its purport and effect, and assigned that
as a reason for wishing a large number of the report
printed.     He would say again that he should not
