CONGRESSIONAL GI¿XBE.
327
■■mi.
* Mr DR0MG0OLE made some remarks in rela-
tion to confining the discussion on this bill to the
particular portions immediately under considera-
tion.
Mr. OGLE then resumed the floor, and moved
to strike out the appiopriation for repairs of the
furniture in tbe President's House, rfcc.
The CHAIR decided that it was not in order to
move the amenlment until the clause to which it
related was reached, but that the bill generally was
open for debate.
Mr. OGLE then spoke at some length in relation
t9 the furniture in the President's House; ami, in
the course of his remarks, referred lo the follow-
' ing paragraph, which appeared in the G!obe of
yesterday, copied from a Northern p per, viz:
^ "Mr. Andrews, a good Whig member from Ken-
tucky, who possesses all the blunt honesty which
characterizes the people of that State, whilst d mng
with the President, observed a splendid service of
gold plate upon the table, and taking one of the
golden spoons in his hand, said to the President,
'Mr. Van Bureo, if you will let me take this spoon
to Kentucky, and show it to my constituents, I will
promise not to make use of any other argument
against you—this will be enough.' "
"When articles like this are circulated through
the Federal press, and regarded as second only to
log cabins and hard cider, it may be deemed ex-
cusable to say, thai the gold plates, spoons, knives
and forks, which have figured so largely of late in
the Opposition papers, are the same which the Pre-
sident found in the White House when he took
possession; that the plates, instead of gold, are
simple china, purchased in Mr. Monroe's time—
the spoons, knives and forts, (neither of which are
gold,) procured, it it believed, during each of the
administrations of Monroe, Adams, and Jackson,
having received no additions or improvements from
Mr. Van Burén."
Mr. OGLE was commenting on the above, and
was understood to deny the truth of the comments
of the Globe, when he was interrupted by
Mr. ANDRE WS, who asked the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield the floor to him to make an
explanation. Mr. A. stated that some weeks since
he bad heard that such a publication as the one
just read from the Globe was going the rounds of
many of the Eastern papers. That it had not been
his practice heretofore—nor did he intend, for the
future, to deviate froto that practice—to notice
the manner in which his name might be used in
connection with newspaper publications or gossip
of fie dayj but as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania bad referred to thai publication,
it was due to himself, as a gentleman, to say
that no such conversation had taken place be-
tween him and the President. It was true,
that, with other gentlemen of the House, he
had the honor to dine during the w.nter with
the President, and it was due to truth and his own
sense of propriety and justice, to say that the Pre-
sident treated h m as a gentleman, and he trusted
that it had b;en his fortune to treat the President
in like manner.
Mr. OGLE resumed h's remark* and eulogized
the character of General Harrison; but, before con-
cluding, gave way to
Mr. COOPER of Penrsylvania, who moved
that the committee rise; which motion 'wis agreed
to, and the committee rose; and
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair, the
chairman of the Committee on the state of the
Union, reported progress on the bill, and asked
leave to sit again; which leave was granted; after
which,
On motion of Mr. RANDOLPH,
The House adjourned.
. IN SENATE,
Wednesday, April IS, 1840.
The following message was received from the
President of the united States, by Mr. Van Burjcn,
his private secretary:
To the Senate of the United Slates:
11 ansmit a copy of a convention for the acquit-
ment of claim  of citizens of the United States upon
the Government ot the Mexican Republic, for such
legislative action on the pan of Congress as may
be necessary to emble me to carry the engagements^
of the United States under the convention into full
effect.                                   M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, April 15, 1840.
Which was referred to the Committee on TiP*
reign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. YOUNG presented th« memorial of inhabi-
tants of the town of Dubuque, in the Territory of
Iowa, remonstrating against the parage of a bill to
amend the act for laying off Dubuque, and other
towns in Wiskonsin and Iowa; which was referred
to tbe Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. Y. also presented the memorial of citizens of
Dekalb county, Illinois, praying that the punish-
ment of William L. Mackenzie may be mit gated;
which was ordered to be printed, and laid on tbe
table.
Mr. PIERCE presented the memorial of ins
widow of James Hcward; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PORTER presented a memorial from a
number of cit zens of the State of Michigan, pray-
ing for a miigation of punishment in tbe case of
William L. Mackenzie; which was ordered to be
transmitted to the President of the United Slates.
Mr. ANDERSON presented tht memorial of
Messrs. H. Langtry and B W. Jenkins, praying
indemnity lor losses sustained by a contract for the
supply of the Cherokees; which was referred to tbe
Commiitee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WALKER presented the memorial of the
representative* of Robert Moore; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. NORVELL presented tbe memoral of tbe
mayor and common council of Detroit, praying an
act for tbe adjustment of titles to land in said city;
wh cif was relerred to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
Mr. PRESTON submitted additional documents
in rel tion to the petition of Hill and Stalker;
which were referred t-> the Committee on Claims.
On motion by Mr. KING,
Ordered, That the heirs of William Fisher have
leave to withdraw their papers presented at the se-
cond session of the 25th Congress.
On motion by Mr. ROANE, it was
Ordered, That the heir of Robert Watkins have
leave to withdraw his papers presented at the last
session.
Mr. BENTON offered the following resolution,
which was considered, and agreed.to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of tbe Treasury be
directed to communicate to ths Senate as scon as
the information can be obtained, the amount of
debentures issued at different ports on the exporta-
tion of refined sugar,-, daring the three first months
of the present year. Also, .that he cause inquiries
to be made to ascertain whether any of that de-
scription of sugar calied "bastard," is exported for
drawback as sugar refined, and report the facts to
the Senate. Also, that he report to the Senate the
amount of duty payabla on imported brown sugars,
during the year 1840.
Mr. LINN submitted the following motion,
which was considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That :he Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to send to the Senate the report, if yet
made, of Mr. Owen on the geology and mineralo-
gy of the Territory of Iowa.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following mo-
tion; which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Af-
fairs be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing fur the settlement and payment of the
claims of the State of Maine for services of her
mili ia in the protection of the Northeastern frontier
of the United States in the year 1839.
Mr. W. also presented sundry documents in con-
nection with the above; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on the Li-
brary, reported a joint resolution for the relief of
Langtree and O'Sullivan; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported a bill to relinquish to the
State of Indiana the title of the Unitejl «tatea to
eight acies of land; which was read, and ordered
to a second reading.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, made
an adverse report on the petition of William
Tracy.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
reported a bill to amend an act entitled an act re-
gulating passenger ships and vessels; which, by
unanimous consent, was considered as in Commit-
tee of tbe Whole, and ordered to beengroisnt for a
third reading. [This t  11 enacts that the law shall
not apply to steam ves>els running between Nova
Scotia and ports of the Unite! Slates, or between
Texas and ports of the United States ]
Mr. KING, from the Committee en Commerce,
to which various communications on the subject
were refene 1, reported a b.ll to authorize the Se-
cretary of the Treasury to procure steam vessels
for the revenue service; which was read, and or-
dered to a s cond reading. [The bill authorizes the
purchsse or con-truction of three steam vesse's:
one for the waters of Lake Erie and the upper
lakes; and for the Atlantic and one for the Gulf
coast.]
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pension?,
to which was referred the petition of Eliza A. Mel-
lon, made an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STURGEON gave notice that tomorrow
he would ask leave to bring in a bill altering ths
time of holding the terms of the Federal courts in
Western Pennsylvania.
The various unfavorable reports from commit-
tees on the Secretary's table, were considered and
concurred in.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The bill making grants of public lands to certain
States for purposes of internal improvement, was
taken up, and
Mr. NORVELL explained at some length the
provisions of the bill, and advocated its passage.
Mr. MERRICK opposed the bill, and moved its
recommitment to the Committee on Public Lands,
with instructions so to amend it as to make an
equal grant to all tbe States in the Union.
The motion to recommit was discussed by
Messrs. WALKER, MERRICK, CLAY of JKen-:
tucky, and NORVELL, when, on motion Of Mr.
N. it was laid on the table.
LAWS OF NATIONS.
The resolutions submitted on the 4ih of March
by Mr. Calhoun, as amended by the Committee on
Foreign Relations, were taken up, and were read,
as follows:
Resolved, That a ship or a vessel on the big'
sea.*, in time of peace, engaged in a lawful voyage
is, according to the laws of nations, under the ex
elusive jurisdiction of the State to which herflig
belongs; as much so as if constituting a part of its
own domain.
Rcsobied, That if such .'hip or vessel should be
forced by stress of weather, or other unavoidable
cause, into the port, and under the jurisdiction of a
friendly power, she and her cargo, and persons on
board, with their property, and all the rights be-
longing to their personal relations, as established
by the laws of the State to which they belong,
would be placed under the protection which the
laws of nations extend to the unfortunate under
such circumstances.
Resolved, That the biig Enterprise, which was
forced unavoidably by stress of wea'her into Port
Hamilton. Bermuda island, while on a lawful voy-
age on the high seas from one port of the Unit n to
another, comes within tht principles embraced in
the foregoing resolutions; and that the seizure and
detention of the negroes on board by the local au-
thority of the island, was an act in violation of the
laws ot notions, and highly unjust to our own citi-
zens to whom they belong.
Mr. CLAY said that, with respect to the general
principles contained in the resolutions, as that the
flag should protect its vessels on the high seas,
there could be* no doubt. It was the common high-
way of nations, and veBsels under their flags we{? 
to all intents and purposes, protected by tb<w- On
the high seas no nation had exclusive juusdicttoo-
As the resolutions were amended by the com-
mittee, they were undoubtedly correct; but, as ori-
ginally drafted, he had some ¿oubts of *« P™";
lies set forth.   He could not think * t in the port
:on
ad,
ig\
/
\
