328
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of a foreign power, when the flag was consequently
under a particular jurisdiction, that i's protection
■was as great and unrestricted as when the vessel
was at sea.
He had risen, how«ver, not to discuss the prin-
ciples contained in these resolutions, hut rather to
inquire what good could result, what benefit was
proposed, by their introduction at the present time.
As he was called upon merely to express an affir-
mative opinion, he s-hould vote for the resolutions
as amended; but the question was whether it was a
subject upon which the SjBate should b~ called to
act. What was the use to be made of the ques-
tion? If a negotiation were pending, it might exercne
some influence; but in the present case, where that
was precluded in language so strong by Lord Pal-
merston as to forbid the expectation of a resump-
tion of the negotiation, he saw no utility ia the
adoption of the resoluiions.
He thought a too frequent use of the expressions
of «pinions on subjects merely abstract, by a body
of such high and grave authority as the Senate,
would have a tendency to bring our opinions into
disrepute.
Mr. CALHOUN said it was nothmnpression
that there was much difference between the resolu-
tions, as they originally stood, and as now amend-
ed. The chairman had showed him the amend-
ments, before they had been acted on by the com-
mittee, and he had, without hesitation, assented to
them; not because he thought them an improve-
ment, but simply because he understood that some
of themerr.bers of that committee desired ih'" change.
He looked only to the substance and the conclusion,
and cared but little about the mere phraseology. -It
was a point of too little importance to dwell on.
He must say, that he had heard the remarks of the
Senator with pain. He had hoped, on this occa-
sion, to have his zealous support. He vet hoped
to have his vote. The princp'e involved is one of
profound interest, especially to the portion of the
Union he represented; and it was on that convic-
tion he had offered them. Looking to ihe future,
it is impossible to say what may result from the
grounds assumed by the British Minister. Viewed
practically, it was a question of no small magni-
tude. Cases of the kind must be constancy occur-
ring; unless, indeed, the increased hazard from this
new danger should have the effect of closing the in-
tercourse by sea between the Southern Atlantic ports
and these of the Gulf, so far as our slave
property is concerned. l£ to thh be added the in-
jury done to our citizens, in refusing compensation
for property seized and detained contrary to justice
and honesty, and the dangerous principle on which
the refusal is placed, the Senator ought not to be
surprised, or have any difficulty in accounting for
the introduction of these resolutions.
He admits there would have been n  improprie-
ty in introducing them,,had there been a pending
negotiation; but thinks there is, because the Bri-
tish Minister had clo&ed the door of negotiation.
He (Mr. C.) took the very opposite view.  Pending
the negotiation, and before Ihe decision was known,
the propriety of a movement of the kind would, to
say the least, be doubtful; but now that it has been
made, and justice refused, silence would have been
construed into an abandonment of the claim of our
citizens, and an acquiescence in the dangerous
principle on which it was rejected.    It was to re-
p*i such inference, that he desired to take the sense
of the Senate.   If the resolutions should receive
the vote of the body, it would kepp alive the elaim,
and, what was still more important, rebut any in-
ferred ahandonment of the principle   on   wh;ch
it rests.   He hoped that it never wou'd be sur-
rendered.     Justice   was   on   our   side,   and   if
we cannot succeed  in estab'iihing it now, thtre
is   no   reason   why   we   may   not   hereafter.
He   trusted    that   the    strong   expression    cf
opinion   by   the    Senate,   which   he   this   day
anticipated,   would   rouse   an attention   to   the
subject, that might lead to a happy termination of
a contiorersy which could not be safely kept open.
Be that asitmay.it is our duty to maintain onr
ground.   If we no w yield—if the Senate should re-
íase to act on the resolutions, or vote them down,
we surrender both right and principle.
He would appeal to the Senate^and ask if it is
ready to say that the rights of the South to the great
mass of its property, that which enters so deeply
into their political and social insiitutons, and on
the maintenance of wh ch, not only their wea'th and
prosperity, but peace and safety depend, shall be
outlawed and placed beyond the pale of protection?
Is it prepared to distinguish between this and every
other description of property, so as to leave this
alone undefended? The British Minister acknow-
ledges that compensation ought to be made for
every other descnpüon,under similar circumstances,
and places the distinction between this and
others, on ground fatal to its existence, if it be ad-
mitted. Is she righ? That is the question; and
are you ready to say so, by your votes? If so, it
is time we should know it; and if not, you should
speak out plainly and distinctly.
He had not supposed that there was a member
of the body that would be embarrassed by the re-
solutions; on the contrary, he had hoped that all
would have been pleased wi h the opportunity, ia
a case so strong and clear, of recording their votes
in our favor—to stand by ns on this great ques-
tion, in which we are particularly concerned, as
we have stood by them on a recent occasion
where they were.
It is a proud recollection for the S^uth, that she
never halted to count t\e cost or danger, when
the in'erest of any portion of the Union, the
most remote, called for defence. This is the first
difficulty with Great Britain, in which we have
been immediately interested. The war of the Re-
volution originated in causes much more Northern
than Southern; and still more strikingly was that
the case in the last war. Did we hentate in either?
No; the generous South, ever devoted to the liberty
and honor of the country, and true to its engage-
ments, poured out freely her means, in blood and
money, for the common cause,without asking whe-
ther she was to be the gainer or loser. What he
asked, was, that the same zealous and ardent sup-
port that we have extended to other portions ©f the
Union, shoaid now be extended to us on this occa-
sion.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky observed that he would
not have advised the introduction of the resolu-
tions, though there was not a man in the Senate or
the country more ready to defend our rights by all
the means which God and nature bad given us, in
reference to that particular species of property
which the Senator alluded to. He thought, how-
ever, that prudence and discretion should admo-
nish us not too ofien to throw before the world
questions in relation to it. Who could believe
that Great Britain, because she has refused to reake
compensation for the slaves on hoard the wrecked
ve-sel which her colonial authorities had liberated,
would interrupt or interfere with our coasting
trade? Who could believe that she would assail
such a description of property as that on board
that vessel? Let her show such a purpose, and, his
word for it, there would be but one feeling on the
subject throughout the whole country. But what
would the Senator propose but war for the redress
of this injury, since all negotiation on the subject
was at an end? Was that such an open, undis-
guised attack upon us as to justify such a measure?
A vessel, pursuing her voy ase from Norfolk to
Charleston, is, cast away on one of the Bahama
islands, and the slaves on board, having been
brought up before ihe authorities there on a habeas
corpus, are liberated. Here, whatever the British
Government had done, was involuntary. She had
not gone out of her way to attack us with regard
to this description of property. If she had done so,
the Senator from South Carolina wou'd not be m
advance of him in resisting her. But in this case,
the vesiel was cast away in a storm on one of the
British islands, and ihe slaves on board having
been liberated by the authorities of that island, on
a habeas corpus, she Will neiiher surrender them nor
I make compensation for them. Though there was
a material difference between the resolution as it
originally stood, and as it was now amended, yet,
inasmuch as it contained truths, he should vote for
it, though he regretted its introduction.
Mr. CALHOUN. He had said nothing that
could justify the Senator in accusing him of im-
puting to the British Government hostile or im-
proper motives, nor that could lead to the belief
that ihere was danger she would seize our vessels
at sea, with the view of liberating slaves on board.
He did not suppose that she is about to turn buo
canier, and plunder our coasting trade; but her de-
cision will interdict nearly as effectually the inter-
course by sea between one half of this Union and
the other, as to the greatest and most valuable por-
tion of the property of the South, as if she were to
send out cruisers against it. The voyage was a
most dangerous one. The Bahama group of
islands extends for nearly two hundred miles along
the eastward of Florida, at an average distance of
not more than fifty mile?, with a stron  current,
running many miles an hour, sweeping through it,
and beset with dangers from innumerable shoals
and keys. Through this dangerous channel, sub-
ject to storms, the vast intercourse between the
Western and Atlantic cities passes by sea. Num-
berless wrecks occur annually. It was estimated
many years ago, when the intercourse was far less,
that the loss annually from that cause, was more
than half a million cf dollars. To this danger is
now superadded, in the case of slave property,
plunder by seizure and detention on the opposing
] and inhospitable shore; thus virtually interdicting
! to that extent, this, the greatest of all our thorough-
" fares. It is to repel the inference of acquiescence
I in a deci*ion leading to such consequences, an I
resting on a principle still more dangerous, that he
solicited the vote of the Senaie.
Mr. PORTER said: Mr. Phesident: I desire to
do my duty in some form by recording a vote on
these resolutions, and yet I am met by difficulties
on bóih sidei of ihe main quesiion they present,
which I frankly confess I am greatly embarrassed
in attempting to surmount.
I look first to the necessity and expediency of
this species of preliminary action by the Senate
on a subject of this magnitude and delicacy, which
proposes to declare, in advance, the principles of
the law of nations as applicable to slave property,
thrown, by the act of God, within the jurisdiction
of a country where slavery does not exist; and hav-
ing arrived at the conclusion that such action is not
expedient or necessary, I look, secondly, to the
consequences which, in my humble judgment, ne-
cessarily result from the adoption of these reso'u-
tions, and which are by no means agreeable sub-
jects of contemplaticn to me. These consequences
I regard, sir, with an eye to the national honor
only, which, in my view, cannot remain unsullied
while the principle, as it is stated and applied in the
last resolution, remains a silent record on your
journal, unasserted, unvindicaied, unacknowledged,
unliquidated, by the demand and payment to the
uttermost farthing of the sum claimed for the slave
property on board the Enterprise, driven into the
island of Bermuda.
From the reading of the documents accompany-
ing the special message of the President of the 25ih
January last, consisting of the correspondence be-
tween Mr. Stevenson and Lord PalmersUn, which
was terminated by an adjustment, on the part of
the British Government, of the claims for slaves
wrecked on the Bahamas, on board the brigs Comet
and Encomium, we are informed that the British
Government has already refused to make compen-
lion in the ca<e of the Enterprise, on the ground
that the latter vessel was thrown within British
jurisdiction after the period when slavery was
abolished throughout the British dominions, which
objection was not applicable to the cases of the two
former vessels.
In the correspondence alluded to (of a regular
diplomatic character) between the representatives
of the two Governments, we find this principle
distinctly and emphatically stated; and it is in the
very teeth of this quasi ultimatum of the British
Government on the quesiion, and in reference to
this very case of the Enterprise, that the last of
these resolutions stands. Sir, I may misiake the
effect which necessarily results fiom its adoption;
but to my mind it is a pledge to Ihe claimants and
to the world of a determination on the part of our
Government, so far as ih s Senate is concerned,
at least, t-> demand ihe a'ljast/nent ot this already
rejected claim. V.ewed in this light, profound as
my deference is for the great abilities and eminent
