attainments of the honorable Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Calhoun ] so signally developed in
his examination of this question, when these resolu-
tions were before us for consideration previous to
(heir reference to the Oommiiiee on Foreign Rela-
tions, I confess it is to my mind brset with doubt
anddfficulty.
The right of the British Government to abol sh
slavery in her colonies, is admitted. And what are
the consequences of the exercise of that right to the
liberated slave} Does it not place him under the
protection of British la vs, which give him the right,
while he conforms to them, to demand, at all times,
and under all circumstances, the enfranchisement
of hit person? And is not this right equally sacred
and inviolable, whether he be an alien, a den zen,
or a native? for I know of no principle which de-
prives bim oí one or the other of these designa-
tions, even in the case of those wrecked in the En-
terprise. British courts are open to him—the re-
medy by habeas corpu«, co-extensive with the
range ef British law, is bis; and if it reaches him, it
most liberate him.
The possess on and enjoyment of every species
of propelty is attended with lis hazards. It is
more or less exposed 10 destruction and Io<s, from
the,.peculiarities that belong to it. The precarious
tenure of slave properly is peculiar to itself. It ha 
vitality, volition; and more, a human intellect to
guide it—to prompt it to flight—to put forth the
moral and physical resources and powers of man
for its own defence and safety, and to defy efforts at
recapture. The loss of this spesies of properly by
flight is, to my knowledge, immense; and when it
r aches within the limits of a foreign jurisdiction,
pursuit not only c-a-e«, but the demand of restitu-
tion is silent. What becomes, m this instance,
thea, of the principle of national comity which
gives to the subject or citizen of one country the
right to obtain, through the tribunals of another
c3uwry, bis property found there? I can g ve no
answer, where the escape is to a British jurisdic-
tion, other than to say it is lost in the privileges
and immunities of the people of England, "whether
aliens, denizens, or natives;" and I confess myself
unable to discriminate between the right to demand
restitution m such a case, and in ihat of the Enter-
prise, now before us, provided it appears that no
act of violence has been committed by the Biitish
authorities, whereby this vessel was brought into
Port Hamilton. If it be the act of Providence
whuh enables the slave to plant his foot on a soil
which literates him in the one case, so it is in the
other; and he is alike, in my judgment, property,
subject to recapture and rieht of control «r not, as
much in the one as in the other, and no more.
But it is said, in the language of the first of these
resolutions, "that a ship or vessel on the high seas,
in time of p-ace, engaged in a lawful voyage, is,
according to the laws of nations, under the exclu-
sive jurisdiction of the State to wh ch her flag be-
longs, as much as if constituting a part of its own
domain." This is true, in so far as the vessel, per-
sons on board, and cargo, are subject, properly, to
admiralty and maritime jurisdiction; but I appre-
hend it is no farther "exclusive." Common law
rights, existing or arising on the high seas, either in
respect to persons or property, are cognizable in
the English common law courts, wherever they may
be found; aid I cannot conceive that any other
strictly civil injuries can arise tLere, than such as
are of a transitory nature, m respect to jurisdic-
tion.
I j not personal liberty a common law, as well
as a natural right, and does it not attach to every
human being falling within the cognizance of British
laws? When a British statute liberates a negro
slave, does not the panoply of the common law
cover him? And is the British Government pre-
pared to admit, in violation of one of lis most
cherished maxims for age , that this law is, in any
of its features, in contravention of the law of na-
tion .
Mr. Pres dent, it is from no spirit of fanatic zeal
in the cause of negro emancipation, as it is now
«ought to be promoted in this country, by private
conventional means, iha- I make these suggestions.
The Constituí on and laws under which we live,
give unquestioned protection to the enjoyment of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
this species of property; and while the mutual obli-
gations which bind together this con'e.leraoy of
Sta'es exist as they now do, I will be one of the
last to interfere with it, either in lis possession or
in its recaption, where ihe fight by law to recap-
tion is given. But it cannot be enjoyed without
the 1imi s of our own jurisdiction, and I am un-
willing, in this form, to place the country in an at-
titude in which national honor will demand the
assertion of this right of reoapuon e'sewhere, and
in a manner which may conflict with the local
laws and jurisdiction of a foreign country.
Slavery i* a domestic institution with u*, and all ihe
principles of right in respect to it are well esta-
blished and defined by the legislation of the States
in which ii prevails. There, under the guaran-
tees of the Constitution of the Unittd Stttes,
I wish to keep it. If it be an institution con-
ferring benefits on ihe communities whose laws
authorize it, be theirs the undisputed, unques-
tioned rght to the enjoyment of iheir benefits.
If it be an evil, the lact will sooner or later dc-
velope itself, and Iheirs, and the'us on'y, will be
the remedy. But, in the present Slate of the
civil zed world, I conf«;s I deprecate any asitaiion
of this subject, not called for by the necessity
of immediate action, caicu'ated to make it the
foundation of international controversy. The rea-
sons I will not dwell up< n—still less will I venture
to speak of ih; consequences of a national war
proceeding from such a ground of disagreement.
It a's  occurs to me, sir, (and I throw out the
suggestion, as I have all others here advance I,
with great diffidence,) ihatthe adoption of these re-
solutions would be premature, inasmuch a's there
do not appear to hare been any procedmgs insti-
tuted in the courts of Bermuda ret-u t.n? in a
final judicial decision of the questions they present.
If ihe principles ihey assume be s iuni here, they
must be sound there, for thfy are derived
from the international code, according to the
doctrines contended for, and the courts of all
civilized countries are bound by them. And if they
bejudic.ally inadmissible in respect to slave pro-
perly in the->e courts, then the remedy is by legisla-
tion or negotiation; and here I fear we shou d be
met, not- only by obstacles founded in the very
spirit of the British Constitution, but by others,
equally formidable, arising frcm a natural repug-
nance of the British Government, to make the
rights to slave property, exposed by casualty to
the action of her tribunals, the subject of eiiher, in
the face of her recent policy of general emancipa-
tion.
For these reasons, erroneous though they may
be, I join with the honorable Senator from Ken-
tucky, [Mr. Clav,] in the expressions of regret
that ihese resolutions have been presented for our
action. I have not spoken to enlighten the8eaate,
for I am too consciops of my humble rank here to
hope to do so, or with the expectation that I shall
be sustained by a single voice; but merely to ex-
plain the difficulties under which I labor in my
own mind, and in justification of the motion I now
make, (thus going one step further than my dis-
tinguished friend) that these resolutions be laid on
the table.
The question was then taken on Mr. P's motion
to layen the table, and it was decided in the nega-
iive_yea 1, nays 33, as follows:
YEA—Mr. Porter—1.
NAYá—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Clay of Kentucky, C'ayton, Crftienden, Cuhbert,
Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Henderson, Hubbard,
King, LÍHn,Lumpkin,'Merrick, Mouton, Nicholas,
Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Strange,
Surgeon, Tappan, Walker, Williams, ard Young
—33.
Mr. BENTON wished to say a word befrre Ihe
vue was taken. He wished to show that not
only the citizens of Southern Stites, were inte-
rested in this matter, but also those of West-
ern S ates, or those who wished to emigrate wnh
their slaves to the West. Among the passengers
in the Encomium, one of the vessels named in the
debate on these resolutions, was Mr. Charles Al-
len, a citizen of Miss9uri, who was return-
ing from a Southern State with a few valuable
329
family slaves, which were taken from him by
the authorities at Nassau. And although tbe
owners ot the other slaves have been compensa*
ted, Mr Allen's claim has been disallowed, because
the British Consul stated that the slaves departed
with him. Mr. Allen made due proof of the lost
of his slaves by the act of the British authorities;
but, nntwith-tanding this, he has been notified that
he will receive no compensation. This is an addi-
tional result of the principle avowed by the British
Government, and an additional reason why we
shou'd pass ihe&e resolutions. The certificate of a
consul, given in a case where he can hardly know
any thing of his own _ knowledge, is to deprive an
Americah citizen of his property, and to counter-
vail all .other testimony. In this way all claims
may be defeated. The conduct of the British Go-
vernment, Mr. B. said, was unjustifiable—a breach
of ihe law of nations—and a wrong and indignity
to the United States. She possesses islands lying
in the Gulf of Mexico, in the very track of all our
ships entering or departing from the gulf, and
wh°re tempests are frequent and shipwrecks fre-
qu nt. If an American vessel, thus passing from
one part of the United States to another, is drivea
by trie tempest into any of these island?, and has
slaves on board, the British Government declares
them free' and, in the case where she has paid for
some of ttose slaves, others are refused on a con-
sul's certificate. This is unjustifiable, and we
shou'd so dec'are it.
The ques'ion then being taken,the resolutions were
unanimously adopted, as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. Alten, Anderbon, Benton,Brown,
Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clay of
Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Dixon,
Fulton, Grundy, Henderson, Hubbard, King, Linr,
Lumpk n, Merrick, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell,
Pierce, Roane, Robm«on, Sever, S'range, Sturgeon,
Tappan, Walker, Williams, and Young—33.
NAYS—None.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill in relation to the irom steamboat, the
New Jersey;
The bill for ihe relief of James Dutton;
The bill for the relief of Peter Warnder, of In-
diana;
A bill for the relief of Samuel White; and
A bul to authorize the payment of invalid pen-
sions in certain cave*,
were severalty read a third time, and passed.
The bill for the relief ef David Waller was ta-
ken up as in Committee of the Whole, and, after
being considered, was ordered to be engrossed.
The bill to revive and continue in force an act,
entitled an act to provide for persons who weredu-
abled by known wounds received in ihe Revolu-
tionary war, was taken up, and, after being dis-
enssfd by Messrs. PIERCE, PRENTISS, and
KING, was, on motion of Mr. K. recommitted to
the Committee on Pennons.
The bill for the reduction and graduation of the
price of the public lands, was taken up, and, after
some remarks from Messrsi CLAY of Kentucky
and CLAY of Alabama, it was postponed until to-
morrow.
Bill for the relief of John McCloud;
Bill for the relief of William Jones;
Bill for the relief of John S. Wilson, of Che
rokee county, Alabama;
Bill for creatirg a new land district in the State
of Missouri, and for changing ihe boundaries of
thesouhwestern and western land distnc's in said
Sta'es;
Bill authorizing the President of the United
States to cause the reserved lead mines belonging
to the United S ates in the several States and Ter-
ritories to be sold as other public lands-;
Bill for ihe relief of Isabella Hill, widow, and
John Hill, Eizabeh Hill, and Samuel Hill, chil-
dren and minor heiis-at law of Samuel Hill, da-
ceased;
Bill for the relief of Jane Waller;
Bill for the relief of sundry citizens of Arkansas,
who los.t their improvements in consequence of the
treaty between the Unued States and the Choctaw
Indian*;
Bill to revive an act authorizing certain soldiers
in the late war to surrender the bounty lands drawn
