330
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
by them, and to locate other lands in lieu thereof,
and for o her purposes.
Bill to authorize the inhabitants of township 8
north, range 32 west, in the Sta'e of Arkansas, to
enter aseciion of land in lieu of the 16th section
in said townships under condition that the same is
surrendered to the United Slates for military pur-
poses.
Bill for the relief of Joseph Paxton;
Bill for the relief of the heirs of Francis Newman;
B11 respecting the heirs of Agnes Dundas;
Bill to confirm to ihe State of Indiana tha land
selected by her for ihat portion of the Wabash and
Erie canat which lies between the mouth of the
Tppecanoe river and Terre Haute, and for other
purposes;
Bill to authorize registers and receivers* to ad-
minister oaths required to be taken by purchasers
of public land;
were severally considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.       /
Bill for the relief of Avery, Saltmarsh, and Co.
was taken up, and, after being discussed by Messrs.
CÍ.AY of Alabama, LUMPKIN, DAVIS, KING,
ant HUBBARD, without taking a question,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday-, April 15,1840.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, by permission, presented certain
petitions from Robert Marshall.
The CHAIR announced that the first business in order was
tha reports of the Committee of Accounts, in relation to the
contracts existing between Langtree and O'Sulliran with the
CUrk of the House, tor furnishing stationery, &c; and the im-
mediate question before the House was the motion to recommit
tie reports to the Committee on Accounts, with the following
in «rustióos:
1.  Whether the prices paifl by the Clerk of this House for
strtioneiy, is a reasonable price, when compared with what
rtitionery can be purchased for from other persons of like
quality.          ,   „
2.  Whether the stationery is not ofarunferior kind, when
comparad with the stationery purchased for this House at the
last two sessions of Congress.
3.  Whether any allowance was«sked by the Clerk, either in
writing or verbally, for the difference in exchanga between Pbi-
laielphia and New York; and, if any, how muchl
4.  Whether any payment has been made by the Clmr, to
the contractor, in advance, on hi* contract, or the auditing of
his account by the committee?
After a few words (rom Messrs. JOHNSTON of New York
and JAMES GARLAND,
Mr. JOHNSTON ofNew York obtained the floor, and moved
the following as a substitute for the above instructions, viz:
- Strike out all after the word "moved," in the first line, and
insrart the following:
That the resolution which passed t'iis House on the 4th day
of March last, upjn the subject of stationery, and the reports
thereon, and the other matters therein contained, be committed
to a select committee, with additional instructions to inquire
and report toth* House:
1.  Whether the prices paid by the Clerk of this House for
stationery are reasonable, when compared with prices for
which stationery of the same quality could have been purchased
of other persons than those of whom he purchased.
2.  Whether the stationery is not of an inferior quality, whe 
CO npáred with the stationery furnished this House at the last
two sessions of Congress.                                         '
3.  In what mode or manner the Clerk has advanced or paid
money to said Langtree, in relation t  said stationery, the
amounts paid, and the different times when paid; and that said
committee have power to send for persons and papers.
Mr. JOHNSTON of New York said he was willing that both
reportsshould be printed, and take their ordinary course in the
House. Gentlemen would see the inconsistency, the impro-
priety, and the illiberaüty, of recommitting the report to the
same committee, who had had the matter under consideration
for seven weeks, and had presented to th& House the only re-
sult at which they were able to arrive. The power to send for
persons and papers was given to the committee, so "that all
d>ubt might be dispelled in relation to the subject, and to prove
the facts required by theiesolution under which the committee
had acted. Mr. J. aid not conceive that the duties of the com-
mittee had been properly discharged, as they had refused to
receive evidence, in subversion, of the resolution. The design
of the mover of it had fallen to the ground. Mr. .1. did not pro-
pose to go into a discussion as to the'merits of the two reports
which had been submitted. When it should become necessary
he would do so. He hoped if there was to be a reference of the
subject* that the good sense of the House would see the pro-
priety of sending it to a select committee, and not to the com-
mittee who had had it under consideration, there to remain seven
WBoks lonccr
Mr. JOSEPH JOHNSON said he regretted that any thing
should have occurred to make it necessary for him to impose
himself oo the patience of the House, even for a single mo-
ment.   But standing in the relation he did, he considered it as
due to himself and the majority of the committee, that he
should make a very few remarks on the subject.   Mr. J. then
a (verted to the circumstances under which the resolution of the
3d of March had been adopted, instructing the com nittee to
make their report.   It would bo evident to all that ihe report
wm based on the instructions given by that resolution, and had
bien prepared after a patient and diligent investigation by the
majority of the committee.    He believed the report contained
all the facts contemplated by the resolution, and he would ask
those gentlemen who were in favor of a reference, to furnish the
committee with something on which they could base their ac-
tion.  If any individual or individuals were to have charges
preferred against them, let the committee have those charges
laid bsfore them, and he would pledge his word that the majo-
rity of the committee would not shrink from a full and rigid
investigation. And he would embrace the opportunity to say,
that if gentlemen contemplated making any charges against
the Clerk of the House in relation to the manner in which he
he had contracted for stationery, etc. he Mr. J. was authorized
by that officer to say that he was very anxious for an investi-
gation into the manner iu which he had performed his duties.
Ifthe gentlemen from New Yoik and Pennsylvania should
succeed in their effort to refer this subject back again to the
committee, without any new matter whereon to base their re-
port, they might be assuied that the committee would arrive at
no other result.
But with reference to the Clerk of the House, the facts
would appear that he had, in all his contracts, taken the utmost
precaution w guard the interests of Government. With a
view of showing this, he would send to the Clerk's table the
two resolutions of 1815 and 1827, under which the Clerk had
acted, and by which he had been governed in making the
contracts.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. JOHNSON said it would be apparent to all, that, >under
those resolutions, the Clerk, was invested with full power to
make all the contracts he had entered into. Under the former
resolution, power was given to that officer to make contracts
for any portion of stationery that he might deem necessary;
and under the latter, he was directed to furnish, such statione-
ry as he might think proper for the House of Representatives.
Now he, Mr. J. was no lawyer, nor would he undertake to
enter into a lesal debate before a hundred and fifty lawyers;
but he was guided by common sense, and he would appeal to
every member of the House whether the Clerk had not acted
in accordance with the plain common sense meaning of the
resolutions in question. In the resolution of 1827, the Clerk
was directed to "furn'sh" stationery, etc. Now what was the
meaning of the word "furnish!" Would gentlemen pretend to
say that the word "furnish" implied that the Clerk should,
with his own hands, and without the assistance of any other
person, perform all the duties appertaining to his office"! F r
instance; one of the duties was to compile a book. But would
gentlemen require that the Clerk should actually go into the
printing office and perform the work of a practical printer?
Again; he was required to furnish fuel for the House; but
would gentlemen insist that the Clerk should shoulder his
axe, enter the forest, and become a wood-chopper'!
He would advise the gentleman from New York tobe a little
careful before he made accusations against the Clerk, and to
pause while he was seeking ground of censure with an avidity
equal to the bloodhounds of Florida. He would tell the gentle-
man, however, that even the backwoodsmen were not to be de-
spised, for he had known instances where backwoodsmen had be-
came Senators, and many a wood-chopper had been appointed to
places of trust and honor. lie would also tell him him that
he had known men inhabiting log cabins being aspirants
forthe first office in the gift of the. people.
After some debate on a point of order,
Mr. JOHNSON alluded to ,the practice of the former Clerk
in the purchase of stationery. He reminded gentlemen that for
some eight or ten years previous to the last Congress, the Clerk
had been in the habit of purchasing directly the stationery for
the House. And what was the result! Why, said Mr. J. you
fared infinitely worse When the Committee on Accounts shall
come to look, they will discover the startling fact, that now, in
one of the committee rooms, is unavailable and useless station-
cry piled up to the amount of some twenty-five or twenty six
thousand dollars! This excess of stationery, under a resolution
of the last Congress, had been sent to New York for the purpose
of being sold; but when put up at auction, it was found that it
would not fetch one-fourth the price it had cost; so it was re-
turned, and most of it remainsonhand to this day.
Now, with a knowledge of thes^ facts, was it not the duty of
the Clerk to adopt some other mode of furnishing the statione-
ty so as to avoid this loss! Yes, it would be remembered that at
the last session of Congressthe Clerk was admonished to adopt
some ouVr means. He accordingly entered into a contract for
the furnishingof stationery of the best quality, at a moderate
price, with a proviso that all which should not come up to the
strict terms of the contract, should be returned. But another
objection was, that the Clerk had made a written contract.
Now he would ask, was the Clebk to be blamed for having ta-
ken the precaution of procuring a written agreement? Was he
to be blamed for doing that which was done by every prudent
man in the management of his private affairs'! It appeared,
however, that the act which was esteemed a virtue in private
life, was a startling offence when practised by. an officer of the
Govern rrlent.
Mr. J. said he had had the honor of serving on the Committee
on Accounts during the last two or three Congresses. He had
associated there with gentlemen of all political parties. He had
had the honor of associating there with his namesake from Ma-
lyland, and with the gentleman from Kentucky, who, as politi-
cal partisans, disputed every inch of ground. But never, till
the commencement of this Congress, had that hydra headed
monster, " party," been permitted to enter the committee room
of the Committee on Accounts. Until this Congress, he and his
associates on that co.nmittee had looked above all party consi-
derations, and, like good servants of the people, they had put
shoulder to shoulder, and labored for the public interests, under
' no other feelings than those dictated by friendship. He would
that he could say the same now; but he could not. He had
been told that soon after the meeting of the House at the present
session, that certain gentlemen, not members of the committee,
had attempted to raise a select committee to inquire
into this very matter; and that, too, at a time when
the standing committees had had no opportunity of mak-
ing a report. He asked wliether such conduct was not
an implied censure on the gentlemen composing the standing
committees. He repeated that, soon after the commencement
of the present session, certain gentlemen had reeolulions in
their drawers, the object of which was to take the matter out of
the hands of the standing committee, and refer it to a
select committee.     
Now he would ask, whence arose all this feverish anxiety)
Was he-to believe that it was for the purpose of manufacturing
political capital for the benefit of the Hero of Tippecanoe? or
was it because one of the parties to the contract was the editor
of the Democratic Review, a talented young man, who had
shown his ability to defend the liberties of his country! or was
it because that gentleman [Mr. Garland] there, sitt'ngat the ta-
ble, had, at the «ommencement of the session, displayed a Ro-
man firmness, in refusing to qualify five gentlemen from New
Jersey, claiming seats under the sanction of the broad seal of
the Governor, and with certificates given in defiance of the ex-
pressed will of the peeple.
Tue morning hour having expired, Mr. J. suspended his
TfHTlRrfes*    when
The SPEAKER laid before the House the following commu-
nications:                                    , ,   ...   , _
1.  Message from the President of the United States, commu-
nicating a report from the Secretary of State, in compliance
with a íesolutiou of the House of Representaiivee of the 23d
March, requesting "the President to communicate to the House,
if not incompatible with the public interest, copies of any de-
mand made by the minister or other diplomatic representative
of Spain in this country, of the surrender to him of the Afri-
cans taken in or belonging to the vessel called L'Amistad, and
of all correspondence between this Government and the said
minister or diplomatic representative, and with any other fo-
reign Government or minstet thereof, relating thereto; also, co-
pies of all instructions from the Department of State to the
District Attorney of the United States in the judicial district of
Connecticut, and all reports of the said Department relating to
that subject"
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, ordered to lie on the table, and
be prin'ed.
2.  Message from the President of the United States, in com-
Shanes with a resolution of the House of Representatives of the
JJ of March last, transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State, with accompanying documents, in relation to the "seizure
and condemnation, by the British authorities, during the year
now last past, of certain American vessels engaged in the fish-
Oii motion of Mr. LO  VEIX, referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
3.  Communications from the War Department, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the House of Representatives of the
23d ultimo, calling for "copies of all orders and instruction  is-
sued from the Department to any officer of the army, or to auy
agent of the Government, requiring his interference with the
Cherokee Indians in the lormation of a Government for the re-
gulation of their own internal affairs, not inconsistent with the
Constitution and laws of the United States, or with any exietiag
treaty; also, copies of all instructions to any officer or agent of
the Government, prescribing any particular form of Govern-
ment for the adoption of said Indians, and interdicting any
other form."
On motion of Mr. BELL, referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, and ordered tobe printed.
4.  Depositions in relation to the New Jersey election.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, referred to the Committee
of Elections.
Mr. J. W. JONES called for the orders of the day; and
moved that the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to take up the civil and diplo-
matic bill.
Mr. ADAMS reminded the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Jokes] that there were two special orders to-day. The bill to
prevent fraudj on the revenue was made the special arder for
this day; and the gentleman had consented, previous to said or-
der, to take it up. That gentleman was aware of its impor-
tance, and he (Mr. A.) hoped that he would, in accordance with
the compromise he entered into on the occasion referred to, con*
sent that it should be taken up.
Mr. JONES was aware of the importance of the bill to prevent
frauds, and was as anxious as the gentleman from Mass, could be
that there should be immediate action upon h. By the arrange-
ment to which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams]
had referred, it was not intended that this bill should have pre-
cedence of the civil and diplomatic bill; on the contrary, a spe-
cial exception was made. The early passage of the appropri-
ation bill now before the House was of the utmost importance.
Many claims were now falling due, for which no provision
was made. He hoped, therefore, that the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts would perceive the importance of proceeding in the
consideration of the bill now before the House, and agree te a
further postponement of his special order for a few days, and
he should then have his co-operation to forward the action
on it.
Mr. ADAMS said be was aware that his special order could
not take precedence of the bill now before the House. It has
not even the privilege of being the order of the day until dis-
posed of; but for this day alone. He had no doubt that the bill
would cause some debate. Mr. A. said he would move to make
it'the special order of the day, after the bill now before ihe
House was disposed of, to take precedence of all other husmeos.
But as he might expect to have opposition from a certain quar-
ter in the House, if he should not exclude private bill and peti-
tion days, he would therefore move '.o make it the special or-
der from the hour of one o'clock daily, (except Mondays, Fri-
day?, and Saturdays,) until disposed of.-
Mr. JONES of Virginia said if the gentleman from Massachu-
setts would move to make it the special order to take prece-
dence of every thing until disposed of, he would consent.
Mr. ADAMS, though he considered the L-iivate bills of
great importance, acquiesced.
The question being taken by tellers- (Messrs. Chapman of
Al abama, and Davies of Pennsylvania, acting as such,) the re -
suit was—ayes 67, noes 38; no quorum voting.
Mr. ADAMS demanded the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered, and were—ayes 95, nays 61.
So the House refused to make it the special order to take pre-
cedence of all other business.
Mr. ADAMS hoped it would be made the special order for
some day. Mr A. then moved that it be made the special or-
der for every day except petition and private bill days.
Mr. JONES remarked that he could not see the "end of the
discussion on the bill, and the pressing character of the appro-
priation bills was such,that if they be postponed by along discus-
sion on this bill, the public service would suffer.
Mr. R. GARLAND inquired of the Chair whether it was
proposed to make it take piecedenceof the special order on the
subject of printing.
The CHAIR re[ lied in the affirmative.
Mr. R. GARLAND.   Then I object.
Mr. JONES of Virginia hoped the motion to make it the apo-
dal-order would not prevail.
The,questioa was then; taken, and the motion was disa-
greed to.
Mr. ADAMS then moved that it be made the special order of
the day for one day only, after the passage of the appropriation
bill now before the House,
