CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
333
committee had nut acted in accordance with the re-
solution referring the matter to it for inves igaüon.
Mr. P. in repl) to that part of the lermtk-. in re-
lation to the accumulation of paper, said, in jus-
tice to the late Clerk, (W. S. Franklin,) tbat,
no damaged paper, or paper of any k.nd, had accu-
mulated since 1835, except forty-eight reams, and
that was sot damaged, but of an inferior quality,
which had remained on hand, because the person
who had it had failed, and become insolvent berore
it could be returned, and that this fact he could
prove.
Mr. WISE said that, after the misconduct, ne-
cessarily inferred from the remarks of the gentle-
man from Penrs}l ania, he, as a member of the
Virginia delegation, fe't bound to demand for the
Clksk a full and thorough investigation. He felt
that the h mor of the State which he represented,
required him, at a personal, though not polit cal
friend of the Clerk, to give that gentleman an op-
portunity of meeting the charges made against bim.
But, until those charges should be proved, he was
bound to presume him innoce it. After what had
.transpired, he felt that the honor of his Stale would
suffer, if any imputation were suffered to rest on
the character of the Clerk.
Mr. W. said that be had, some lime ago, pre-
sented to the House a communication addres ed to
him.by a lithographer of this city. That commu-
nication was referred by the House to the commit-
tee, but had never been reported on. The indivi-
dual alluded to was a practical lithographer and an
eminent artist. He had conversed wi'h him on
the subject, and had bem told by him that Mr.
Langiree, to whom the Clerk had given the con-
tract, had proposed that he, the artist, should do
the work for one half the pnce charged the Go-
vernment. The artist had also assured him, Mr.
W. that he would willingly undertake to execute
the work for one half the price charged by Mr.
Langtree.
This artist was willing to come forward before
the committee, and testify to the facs, whether
they went to inculpate the Clerk or not. Bur, un-
til the charges made against the latter were proven,
he would not believe him guilty* of any wilful i.r
intentional derelic'ion from his duty. This was
the ground he wou d take, and he felt confident
that there was not one of h s colleagues who Would
lot agree with him.
Mr. W. said u appeared, from the remarks of
thegentkman from New York, that the majority
of the committee had refused to hear testimony,
although the resolution of the House required
them to send for persons and papers, and to take
testimony. Now he eon'er.ded that the evidence of
the artist alluded to ought to have been taken, and
reported to the House. He was not desirous of
entering into a debate with his colleague as to th«
be-t manner of executing the work, whether by
contract or not; bu: he thought the C'erk of the
Senate ought to have been examined, with a view
of showing how the business was managed in that
body. He objected to the memoria' furnished by
the Clerk, which he contended the committee had
substituted for a report.
_ Mr. W. was proceeding to propound some inq ú-
ries to h s colleague, [Mr. J. Johnson,] when the
SPEAKER admonished him that the morning hour
had exp red; when,
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the Hon^e re-
solved itself into Comm ttee of the Wfeo'e on the
state of the Union, (Mr. Cas y in the ci-air,) and
took up for consideration the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill; and
Mr. OGLE, who wss still entitled to the floor on
the above bt'l, went into a vindication of the vo'e
of General Harrison in the Ohio Legislature to sell
free white men into slavery, who were impri-
soned as insolvent debtor?, and were unable to
pay cotts. He cited the penal laws of several
States, under which vagrants and thieves are en her
sold into slavery or whipped, as an evidence that
such au act as was proposed to be passed by the
Ohio Legislature was not unpreceden'ed. He ar-
gued that it was no more an set of slavery to sell
out of prison into servitude, than it was to incar-
crate in prison on low diet; hut, on the contrary,
that it was more humane.   He entered into a de.
fence of the military and civil services of General
Harrison; gave a description of his furniture aud
cooktrg utensils, and presented a graphic picture
of the exterior appearance ol his dwelling, as well
as its general interior arrangement, to saow his fit-
ness for the Presidency. In the course of his re-
marks, he charged that the President had prac ised
the greatest extravagance in the purchase of fur-
niture for the President's house.
Mr. LINCOLN said, were it not for the situa-
tion he was placed in reference to the committees,
he would not press himself upon the attention of
the committee at the present time.    It seemed that
after s-ven days consumed in  this debate, it was
about time to inquire what had resulted from the deli-
berations of the committee.   They were the fat'hful
representative^ and servants of the people; and he
said, wh' ther Gen Harri-on was a fit person for the
Presidency or not; whether he should be elected to
to that office or not; whether he was an Abi htton st
or not; whether he was a hero, and entitled to the
confidence of the people, or unworthy of their con-
fidence, could not affect this bill.   This appropria-
tion bill must be passed; for one, be would say that
he would vote for it, whatever might be the condi-
tion or disposition of the Presiden ial question.  He
would vote for it; but before doing *o, he should en-
deavor to nvke it as free from objections! as possi-
ble.   The Government must have means to carry
on its operations.   He presumed that there was no
gentleman in that House who would take upon
himself  the responsibility   of Withholding  such
means as were necessary for that purpose. It was to
pass in some shape or oiher, and he felt bounl, from
a convict on  on his mind of a sense  of duty  and
patriotism, to pass this bill as spesdtly as possible.
j There will be ether occasions on which debates of
the character which had taken place on this bill,
and which bad amused and instructed  us,  and in-
structed the nation, will re more in place, and the
time would be more ample, and attended with less
prejudice to the public Service.
Mr. L. thought it b'gh tirre that some limitation
wre made to the strange latitude of debate in
which gentlemen had thought proper to indulge for
the last f-w days. For his part, be did not feel
authorized, on a subject like tie present, to take up
and d scuss the merits of Geaeral Harrison, al-
though perhaps, on a proper cccasion, it would le
found that he was as able to undertake that task as
some others.
Mr. L. then alluded to h's political rrla'ions with
the other four membTon the Committee on Public
Buildings and Giounds, when it so happened that
he was p aced singl« handed to represent the
Whigs. Whether it was his misfortune or his fault
he would not say; but it was a fact that, rn all
measures in relation to business, (for politics were
cut of the question,) he invariably concurred in the
opinions of those gentlemen. If, in the present in-
stance, they had done wrong, he was also to blame,
for h« had conenrrej wuh them in recommending
the appropriation. It any thing exceptionable had
come from the committee, and had been mtro-
dnc d into the general appropriation bill, he felt
himself bound, in honor, to take his rhare of ihe
reproach. He would consider it mean anl cow-
ardly, when his political opponents en the commit-
tee were attacked, for htm to attempt to esc pe from
censor-, when he was conscious that he himself
had acted with them. He mentioned thai as mat-
ter of little consequence; but he felt bound, who-
ever misht be the accuser, to stand up and do his
associates on the com mi tee jus ice.
He regretted to see that, m relation to some
items ol the bill, there had been some strange mis-
apprehension", and more particularly by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ogle ] He un-
derstood the gentleman otjec.ed to the item of
£3,665 for alterations and repairs to the Presid/est's
House. Now, it would be found that this sum
was made up of a number of smart items, all of
which were perfectly reasonable. But he would
tell Ihe gentleman from Pennsylvania that his at-
tack on such matters was a very small business in-
deed, and before he should conclude, he would
point out to that gentleman much higher game, if
he felt disposed to pursue it.
In the ant place, the gentleman bad entirely
misapprehended the character of the item of Appro-
priation to which he objected. The agjregale
amount consisted of many small items, and he felt
confident that when the gentleman understood how
that aggregate amount was made up, he would no
longer object to it, or deem it so very extravagant.
One of these items was "for the annual repairs
of the President's House and fumiiure, £500."
Now, said Mr. L. I would ask whose duty it is
to do thi*? Was the Pres.dant at liberty to do hi
What tenant, having a lease of a house, could by
law make alterafons? And could the Piesident
make alterations in a house, of which he was the
occupant for four years only? Had he a right to
do this, even were he disposed to do it at his own
expense? No: it vas the duty of the Government,
who first built the house, to keep it in lepair, and
shelter its occupant from the rain and winds of
heaven. Did not Government build the house for
the arcommodatii n of its presiding officer? and
would ihat Government be justified in permitting it
to fall to pieces, and go to ruin, for wat t of a small
appropriation to htep it in repan? This sum of
£500. he would tell the gentleman, was exclusively
lor reparrs to the house, the word "furniture"
having been in«erted merely as a matter of form,
ob-erVed in all former appropnatiot s. The money
was ni t in'ended to purchase a sing'e article of fur-
n ture, but was exclusively for the house; and he
would appeal to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
or any other gentleman, whether an appropriation
of £500 for repairs to a house that cost a million,
was*not a very modetate sum?
8 s des, if General Harrison was to occupy the
house, and he trusted that would soon be the case,
it ought to be kept in good condition. For
his pait, he was not willns tbat Gen. Harri-
son should enter a house in adilapiuated condition.
He wished io have it, at least, provided with the
nenessary articles of furniture, such, for instance,
as a few chairo to sn upon, for the accommodation
of visi'ers and private individuals.
Ano'her item composing the aggregate amount,
was for the service of a gardener, £150; here th s
m n was emplo)ed to attend to the public gardens
and grounds adjoining the President's Hou'e, and
was in fact a'tending to the business of Govern-
ment; for who would undertake to say that those
gardens were of any benefit to the President? They
were open to ihe publ c, and belonged lo the peo-
p'e, an 1 were kept in on'er more for the gratifica-
tion of numbers of Congress than for the occupant
of the White House.
Mr. L. then alluded to another item for the pay-
ment of a few laborers at £1 per day, and asked
if it tta; likely the President would bire thete
laboe s for his own convenience. Certainly not.
Besides, what would be the consequence if they
should refuse to make this small appropriation?
Why, the result would be that those beautiful
mounds and other contrivances, made not for the
gratification of the President, but to please the
public eye, would be neilected. This money was
to keep in repair ihe walks frequented by the pub-
lic, andhe.withotheis, had often visited them; and
would any gentleman contend that the President
himself was bound to keep them in repair, when
they were for the accommodation of the people at
large? No, the grrdens and gounds were tfce
propeity of the peop e, and the people expee'ed
that the labor expended on them should be paid
for. He would ask ihe gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, what difference there was between the pub-
lic grounds around the Preiident's Hoo.sc, and the
public grounds and gardens of the Capí ol. No
objection was made to the paying of laborers on
the litter, and why should there be any with re-
spett to the former? They were alike accessible to,
and for the gratifica'ion of, the public.
Another item was for horse and can hire for the
public squares attached to the Presiden 's HoMae.
How would any one undertake to say that the
President had any thing to do with the enclosing of
these two squares? The giounds had not been en-
closed for his accommodation. But he (Mr. L )
did not attach so much importance to theseamall
items; it was the principle involved for which he
was contending. The very same objections to
these items would, on this principle, apply to sp-
