$34
CJONGRESStONAt. GLOBE.
propriationi of greater amount, and to nearly every
oilier item in the bill. It would alM> apply to any
other appropria'ions which might be recommended
by the Committee on the PuMic Buildings.
It had always been customary for the Committee
on the Public Buildings to investigate the requisite
appropiiations, and then transfer them to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. The present appro-
priation had come ta the Committee of Ways and
Means in that manner.
He would ask whether the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania could assign any reason why this appro-
priation should not be made. Was it inconsisient
with the genius of a Republican Government that
the house of its President should be kept in repair,
and provided with the conveniences of a private
dwelling)
He would submit whether the original Represen-
tatives of the peeple, when they constructed that
palace, designed that it should fall to ilscay, and
become a reproach to the nation, by its dilapidated
condition. When cur forefathers erected that
House, and ordained that it should be the habita-
tion of their presiding officer, did ihey intend that
the walls should tumble to ruins, and the rain and
the storm beat in, for want of a small appropria-
tion to keep it in repair? No nun in his senses
would think of such a thing. When our ancestors
constructed that building, they contemplated it for
the convenience of its occupant, and they surely
never expected an appropriation would be objected
to for keeping it in proper order.
Wonld gentlemen now be understood as object-
ing to provide proper furniture, and such as was
appropriate to the mansion? If they intended, how-
ever, that their President should live in a cabin,
then he wonld readily admit that a great portion of
the present furniture would be unnecessary and in-
appropriate to such a dwelling. He would like
to know if gentlemen had in contemplation the
removal of this President and the one who
was to follow, into any «ther mansion.
If so, why then a very small amount wou'd be re-
quired, as a cabin would incur but little expense.
But if it were intended that the President of this
great nation should still occupy the mansion built
and intended for him by oar forefathers, who won
their rights by toil and blood, why, then, object
to famishing it in a de.ent manner, and in a man-
n?r, too, in keeping with the size of the building
ibelf Í For the actual personal convenience of the
President, he was sure a very little was desired;
but the occupant of the himse, our hishtst Execu-
tive omcer, while there, was the personi&cition of
the people, whose dignity required hat every thing
shoo d be kept in proper order. If the Pres dent's
personal warns alone were the question, why he,
Mr. L. supposed, that, as a mere matter of ut¡I ly,
a small one dollar looking g'ass wcu'd do juntas
well as a large swing mirror. But who would say
that the mansion of the President of the American
people—an officer elected for a term of four years
as the representative of a glorious and proud Re-
public, embracing more than fifteen millions of
freemen—should live in a large house, furni-hed
no better than a log cabin? How paltry would it
look, and what a miserable We* of economy would
it give to agents and ministers from foreign coun-
tries, when they beheld a paltry im« dollar looking-
glass hung up in a building of dimension equal to
the palaces of Europ-? The i-lea was too ridicu-
lous to be entertained for a moment, and yet, by
the principles en which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania had been arguing, this course mast be pur-
saed.
Because our Government was a Republic, was
that any reason why the head of it should not live
and appear with a proper dignity, becoming the
pride and strength of the people over-whom he pre-
sided?   In his humble opinion, the President of a
eonniry like outs had as g od a r ghf, yes, a much
greater right, to be as pr.ud as the pnudest mi-
nan h on the face of the g obe.      And he, Mr. L.
would blush and be a&hamed if the Pres dent shonld
not have it in his power to receive mini-t-rs and
visiters from foreign powers in a becoming way, in
a mansion furnished in keeping with the dignity of
a great nation.     He was sure there was no harm
to be apprehended from a course of this kind, and
thai no bad consequences would result from it.
But he wish d to know who it was that had
complained of the President's House bein? too well
furnished? It had been v sited by hundreds and
thousands of farmers and mechanics, people by
whose vote he had been elected, and had they ever
uttered a complaint and said that the President of
their choice had too much, or too costly fuinturi?
No. H , Mr. L. would undertake to say that no
member had ever heard such complaints, that the
furniture was too rich or too good for the man
whom they had placed in that high and honorable
station. And if the people, who, by thousands,
have visited and witnessed for themselves, make
no complaint, what r ght had any one else? It
would be quite time enough for that, when the peo-
ple themselves were dissatisfied.
Mr. L. then complained of the many extravagant
stories which had' gone through the country in re-
lationjto the|rurn.ture of the President's House. The
people had been informed of things which had no
existence, exc?pt in the imagination of those who
originated such gionndiess s'ories. He then re-
ferred to the similar charges made against his
venerable colleague [Mr. Adams] while that gen-
tleman occupied the house. The country was at
that time made to believe the house was furnished
in a costly and extravagant manner, when in fact
it had scarcely any furniture at all. The things
were not there which ought to have been there;
and those who knew no better, supposed ihu Mr.
Adams was enjoying things which he eught to have,
but did not erjoy. At that time, it was obvious
that such stores were circulated for political eftect;
and was not this the case in the present instance
In his opinion very little cou'd be gained by such a
course. It was a very small business, especially
when much higher ground could be tasen, and
attacks made on mu^h more important objects. He
wou'd cry shame on the man who wou'd represent
that extravagance existed in the President's man-
skn, when in fact there was scarcely any furniture
at all. The furniture was now what it ought to
have been in the time of Mr. Adarr.s, and now it
was no better than it shou'd be.
Mr. L said, that so far was he from consider-
ing the house as too well furnished, that he had ac-
tually reported a bill for it ereasini* the furniture
It was not contained in the present appropriation,
but was ads inct bill, which hi would ask migl.t
be considered at a proper time. In that bill the
Committ e on Public Buil.tings proposed giving
the Pi evident $700 to incrt-as? the furniture. The
$500 in the present bill did not apply to the furni-
ture, but exclusively to repaits for the house.
Would gentlemen ask what part of the House
they intended to famish? He would tell them.
What was the state of the receiving room? There
was not a mirror, even a common seven-Tsy-nine
mirror, in it; theie was not a single table, except
an old pine table in one corner, which, under the
hammer of the auctioneer, would not fetch seventy-
five cents, an! an old Wi rrt out sofa The whole
lot would not fetch $5; and yet this was the ante-
room into which foreign ministers, and visiters of
every description, were introduced to see the Presi-
dent. N< w what did the committee intend to do
with th  $700? Tney did nrt intend to furnish the
hone like a palace, but to supply it wnh good,
simp'e, and substantial furniture, of home manu-
facture. They designed the purchase of good, sub-
stand il chairs, for the accommodation of visiters,
and of gentlemen when accompanied by ladies;'and
it was but reasonable to suppose that most ladie*,
before being introduced to the Pre.-ident, would be
desirous of adjusting their bonnets, etc. (laujhter.)
Therefore, the committee designed to purchase a
plain mirror, of suitable dimensions.
The committee thought that an ante-room for
the reception of foreign ministers, with its com-
mon chair and old cast-away sofa, was hardly the
proper thing, or consistent with the dignity of the
American people. It might be said, however,
that whiit ihe committee proposed doing was not
Demociatic, nrr in accordance with the principles
of our Republic. Such was not his opinion. On
the contrary, he held that it was Democratic to sup-
ply the President with necessary furniture, and
conveniences for the house in which they had ap-
ponted him to live.
[Mr. L. here mide some allurion to his own po-
litical career, which was not distinctly heard.]
He malnained that the supplying of proper fur-
niture to thu White House could have no anti-Re-
publican lendency. He held that it was consistent
with the purest Republicanism to keep the house
in repair, so that it might be fit for the reception
of General Harrison when he should lake posses-
sion of it.
Mr. L then addressed himself to the chairman,
[Mr. Caset,] and said: Sir, I wonder if the occu-
pancy of that chair for the last few days, with its
crimson drapery and other appendages, has had any
tendency to affect your Democratic and Republican
principles. You have the crimson cumins hang-
ing over your head, and you are elevated above us
ail, and yet I cannot coneive for a moment that
it has affected your principles, or done you any
harm. So far as my observation has extended,
your occupancy of that high seat for the last six or
seven days, has made no alteration in your demea-
nor, or in your usual courtesy and gentlemanly de-
meanor to your fellow members. No, I do not be-
lieve that the trimmings of that chair have affected
your mind, or made any alteration in your Demo-
cratic and Republican ientiments, let them be what
they may.
Mr. L. then alluded to the circumstances under
which the curtains and other appendages around
the chair had been placed there; and he took that
opportunity of saying, that if there was any ob-
jection to them, he was responsible for it, inas-
much as he, as a member of the Committee on
Public Buildings, had reported the appropia-
tion for it. It was true, the late Speaker
had the direction of it, so that the chair might be
in keeping with-the rest of the House; but he (Mr.
L.) was responsible, as be had made the report re-
commending the approptiation. If it was proper
to have a splendid dome en Ihe Capitol, it was
also proper to have every oth'r portion of the
building in keeping with it. As it has been deter-
mined to have nnhogany desks, mahogany chairs,
with cu^n/ons, for members, he Wiutd ask whether
it would be in keeping with Ihe other pans of the
hall, to put an indifferent pine table in front of the
chair. He was sure no gentleman woull contend
thatitwojld. They would all agree that it w<>s'
necessary to have one port on of the hall in keep-
ing with another. Now the same p i-icpls which
applied to ihe chair and to ih;s Capitol, would abo
apply to the P.esident's Housí. It' the furnitura
and appendages of either were considered tooccstly,
it was not the fault of membets, or of the Presi-
dent. If, said Mr. L. any body is to be blamed, it
must be your ancestors—those patriots who
thought proper to construct such buildings. If gen-
tlemen felt disposed to throw stones, they must
throw them at their patriotic forefathers, who in
the purity and simplicity of their hearts, did not
deem such bui'dings too costly, or as having an
anti-Rf publican tendency. We had not done it. It
had been in generations gone by, and by men belter
than we w re; and he who would undertake to
deny an appropriation for keeping such buildings
in repair, was casting a reproach upon the memory
of tnose good men. H« would again repeat, that
opposing such appropriations was a small business,
very small indeed, and which would do no man any
credit. There were objects of a far higher characer
to which the gjntltman from Pennsylvania might
direct his attention, and where the Administration
was more vulnerable.
He, Mr. L. was po friend of Mr. Van Buren,
but he wou'd do him the justice t«  fay tha", if
there was any thing wrong in relation to the furni-
ture of the White House, ihe President was not to
blame tor it. Oa the contra y, he, Mr. L. knew
his great delicacy on the subject, and would assure
gentlemen that, whenever the committee had con-
sulted Ihe President in relation to any add.tional
furniture, he had invariably expressed the greatest
reluctance to have any thing expended for that ob-
ject. He, Mr. L. would state, from his own know-
ledge, thai not a single article of furniture supplied
during the last three years, had been supplied at the
request of the President himself.   The oommitte*
