CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                              $35
................                                                                .........■■"■"    ■ ■'                           '' ■■
atone we  answerable, and they would assume the
respoasibili y.   But so far was the President from |
desiring any additions made >o the furniture, that, i
about two y«ars ago, it actu liy became necessary |
for himself and the other members of the com-
mittee to do what he bad never dons before, nor
would he ever do it again.   Did gentlemen wish to
know what that wa ?   He wou'd e!l them.   It
was to go through every room iu another man's
bouse, to se* how much furniture he wanted, and
what conveniences were required.   He hoped that
gentlemen would take notice of this fact, and re-
member it whenever they attempted to cast cen-
sure on the President in relation to h:s furniture.
Mr. L. then gave some particulars of the condi-
tion of the Wh te Hou e, when it was visited by
the committee, before it was left by the late Presi-
dent Jackson.
He said there was one room occupied by the
Private Secretary of the President, with his wife
and family. In that room there were three old
chairs, a stained wasteland, and a shabby old-
fashioned mahogany table, which turned up, and
which was so mean that the wagoner of President
Monroe was ashamed of it, and actually refused o
take it away. When he looked round that room,
it reminded him of his son's college room. Ytt
these three old chairs, stained washstanJ, and turn
up table, was all the furnituie in that room, which
was occupied by the Private Sscretaiy and family
up to the time the la'e President left the city. If
any gent'eman doubted the truth of this ¡statement,
let him gJ through the chambers and nspect íhem
himself. Bu> he hoped he should no longer hear
blame cast on the President wlvn a small appro-
priation was required for the purchase of necessary
furnitu e. If the furniure was considered too ex-
pensive, it was not the fault of the President, but i
the fault oC those who, by constructing the build- I
ing of such dimensions, had rendered it necessary.
Mr. L. expressed his determination to vote for
every reasonable appropriation for keeping the
boose in proper repair. He then called attention
to the sums expended ou the Treasury building,
and went into an argument of soms l-n?ih to show i
that, in this instance, the appropriations bal really |
been abosed; which remarks will be given a; early
as time and circumstances will permit. Mr. L.
having concluded,
Mr. PETRIKIN obtained theflcor, an! intima-
ted a desire to reply to that portion of the remarks
of Mr. Likcjlw in relation to the construction of
iheTieisury, Patent, and Post Office buildings;
and, on his motion, the committee, at 6 o'clock,
rose, and reported progress.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Fridat, April 17, 1840.
Mr. WALL presented a memoriil of cit'zens of
New Jersey, praying the passage of a general bank-
rupt law; which was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the Commifee on
the Judiciary were discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of Williamson and
Smith.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented the memo-
nil of Seth C. McClure and other;, citzens of the
United States, praying an increase of duties on
imported wo dlen goods; which was referred to the
Com mu tee on Finance.
Mr. WALKER presented the peti'ion of the
heirs and Ieg4l represen'aiives of Robert Mor re,
deceased, and the petition of J. B aumont and
Nathaniel Harr son, praying that they may be al-
lowed to enter a quantity of public land; wh'ch was
referred to ihe Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. BUCHANAN presented the petition of
James Ware, a seaman in the naval service of the
United States, praying a pension in cons.deration
of disabilities incurred whilst a prisoner to the
Tripolitans in 1803; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. B. presented the memorial of the pilots of
the Delaware river and bay, praying a repeal
of the act of March 2, 1837; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and oidered to be
printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the .Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Prudence C. Lrring, made an unfavorable report
hereon; wmch was ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD.from the Committee on Cla:ms,
to whxh was referred the memorial of the LegMa-
tore of Michigan, praying that compensation may
be made to citiaens At property lo t or des'royed
during ihe last war, repotted that, in the estimation
of the committee, no further legislation is necessary,
and asked to be di charged from the further con-
sideration of the memorial; which was agreed to.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to which
were referred
The memoriil of the executor of Abner L. Dun-
can;
The memorial of Charles Brenan; and
The memorial of D. S. Gardiner, agent of James
Brooks and other;
made   unfavorable reports  ihereoa   respectively,
which were ordered to be printed.
Jdr. H a'so from the'same committee, to which
were referred additional papers in relation to the
claim of Hill and Stalker, report that they contain
nothing to change their former adverse report on
this claim.
Mr. WALKER, from the Commitec on the
Public Lands, to which was relerrcd the bill from
the Hou^e for the re'tef of the he^rs and legal repre-
sentatives of John Grunball, reported the same
without amendment.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill for the relief of the Steamboat Compa-
ny of Nantucke'; and
The bill for the relief of J. M. Strader,
were severally read a third time, and passed.
Trie bill supplementary to an act to grant pre-
emption rights to settlers on the public lands,
coming up on its third reading, after some remarks
by Messrs. CLAY of Alabama, KING and CLAY
of Kentucky, on motion by Mr. C. it was post-
poned until Monday next.
The bill supplementary to the act entitled "An
act to estab.isi branches of the Mint of the United
States," app.oved March 3, 1835, coming up on
its third readtrg—
Mr. PRESTON moved to recommit the bill, with
instructions to inquire into the expedi'ney of
abolishing or suspending the various branch
mi its.
On this qnes ¡in a discussion ensued, in which
Messrs. PRESTON and CLAY of Kentu-kv ad-
vocated, and Me«rs LUMPKIN, WR GUT,
CALHOUN, BROWN, HUBBARD, HENDER-
SON, and BUCHANAN, opposed, the recommit-
ment; and the question on recommitment being ta-
ken, it was decided in tke negative—ajes 11, noes
27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton*
Crittenden, Dixon, Kn ght, Poiter, Prentiss, Pres
ton, Ru^jles, Smith oí Indiana, and White—11.
NAYS—Mes-rs.   Allen,   Andersm,   Benton,
Brown,  Buchanan, Ca'houn,  Clay of Alabama,  I
Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy,  Henderson, Hubbard,
King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell,  I
Roane, Robim on, Sevier, Strange, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, Walker, Williams, Wright, and Young—27.   j
The bill w.isthen read a third time, and passed.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.                     ]
The bill for the relief of ihe owners of the Eri-
ttsh brig Despatch;
The bill lor the relief of Benjamin Parsons;
The bill for tre le ief of tbe representatives of
Jtseph Barnard;
The bill f. r the relief of E. W. andH. Smith;
The bill for the relief of Pierre Menard, Antoine
Peltier, and Jtseph Pl^cy;                                         |
The I ill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Col. Francis Vigo;
,The till for the relief of Converse and Rees';
The bill for the relief of Colin Bishop;
The bill to refund to Noah Miller and others a
part of the proceeds of the sale of the British sloop
Mary, and caig.>, which were captured by them,
and libelled and sold for the benefit of the Uni'ed
Slates;
The bill from the House of Representatives for
tbe relief of Sutton Stephens;
The bill for the relief of ihe vestry and church-
wardens of the Protestant Episcopal Church of the
parish of St. Philip, in the city of Charleston, ia
the Sta'e of South Carolina;
The bill for the relief of John C. Reynolds, late
disbursing agent of the Government;
The bill for the re ief of William Osleen;
The bill for the reli-f of Hazard Knowles;
The bill for ihe relief of Charles M. Keller and
Henry Stone;
were severally considered as in Committee of the
Whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill for the relief of Ira Day was rejected.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April 17, 1840.
Mr. DOTY asked the consent of the House to
oflVr a resolution, proposing to authortee the Clerk
to have prm ed a cettain map of Wiskonsia; but
the leception of the resolution was objected to
By universal con.ent, Messrs. STEENROD and
REYNOLDS presented petitions.
[Mr. Reynolds ol Illinois presented the memo-
rial of George Render, Joel Whiteside, and Jubilee
Posey, of Madu-on county, Illinois, pra>ing the
adjustment cf certain land claims; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands ]
Mr. BURKE asked the general consent of the
House to present a memorial.
Mr. RARIDEN objected.
Mr. LEE r said his friend from Indiana [Mr.
Rariden] certainly would not object if he knew
the nature of the memorial, it being one from the
Clerk of the House in relation to the subject pend-
ins before the House.
Mr. RARIDEN was understood to withdraw his
objrc'ion.
The CHAIR announced that the first business in
order was the reports of tbe Committee of Ac-
counts, in relation to the contracts existing between
Langtree and O'Sullivan with the Clerk of the
House, for furnishing stationery, &c. and the im-
mediate que-tiou before ihe Hou e was tbe motion'
to recommit the reports to the Committee on Ac-
counts, with the following instructions:
1.  Whe her the prices paid by the Clerk of this
House for stationery, is a reasonable pnce, when
compared with what stationery cau be purchase!
for trom other persons, of like quality.
2.   Whether the stationery is not of an inferior
kind, when compared with the s'ationery pur-
chas d for this Hou^e at the last two session  of
Coni.r.?rs.
3.   Whether any allowance was asked by the
Clerk, either in writing or verbally, for the differ-
ence in exchange between Philadelphia and New
York; and, if any, how much?
4.  Whether any payment has been made by
the Clerk the con'ractor, in advance, on his con-
tract, or the auditing of his account by the com-
mittee?
Mir JOHNSTON of New York moved the fol-
lowing as a subsume for the above instructions,
viz:
! That the resolution which passed this Home on
¡ the four'h day of March last, upon the subject of
station ry, and the reports theieon, and the other
matters therein contained, be committed to a Se-
lect Committee, with additional ins ructions to in-
quire and report to the House:
I. Whether the prices paid by the Clirk of this
Hou e   for stationery as reasonable, when com-
pared with ptices for which s'ationery of the same
quality could have been purchased of other persons
I  than those of whom he purchased.
2 Whether the stationery is not of an infeiior
quality, when compared with the stationery fur-
nishe 1 this House at the last two te.sions of Con-
gress.
3. In what mode or manner the Clerk has ad-
vanced or pad money to said Langtree, in relation
to said stationery, ths amounts paid, and the dif-
ferent times when paid; and that said committee
have power to send for person and papers.
Mr. BURKE then asked leave to present the me-
morial of Mr. Garland, the Clerk of the House.
Mr WISE claimed his right to the floor on the
