^^j.       .-       .i,........       'i      ir mm ir -nw           ------------
Opposition were mainly answerable for the increase;
that they had, in most cases, voted for the objects
causing the mcreasefsoch as 1 got houses, harbors
the pension sys'em, and Indian wars—and they
actually acquiesced in all the appropriations mak-
ing up the aggregate of increase.   He adverted to
one item which bad been specifically referred to by
his colleague,  [Mr. Cosbinq,]  clerk hire—and
showed that in some of the Departments the ex-
pense <m this account bad been diminished since
the   adminis'ra'ion  of Mr.   Adams;  whilst   in
others it had not increased in proportion to the ac-
cumulation of business, growing out of the in-
creased wants, extension, and population of the
the country.    He admitted that the Democratic
party, when the Treasury of the nation was in a
plethoric state, to get rid of the evils which they be-
lieved would result from a distribution of the sur-
plus among the States, were in favor oí large ex-
dendi(ures on national objects—'ueh as fortifica-
tions, the navy, and light-house?.   And how much
better would it be now if that policy had prevailed.
The national defences would now be in a proper
condition, and many of the evils which now afflict
the country, would have been prevented.   He then
adverted to the charge made by the Whigs, that the
Democratic party was the spoils party, and showed
that the Administration   had been  considerably
indugent to their political opponents, by permit-
ting them to remain in office; whilst, on the other
hand, the Wh:gs, in every Sta'e in the Union where
they bad the power, and particularly in Massachu-
setts, had practiced ihe most indiscriminate pro-
scription.   If it was a fault that the Administra-
tion had, in some instances, removed political op-
ponents, the Whigs in Massachusetts had com-
mitted that fault in a tenfold dvgree.   He leferred
to the blue book of Massachusetts, and was under-
stood to say that out of 830 effijers, 800 telonged
to the Whi  pany.   The people, he said, expected
that the Administration would look on their politi-
cal friends w.th favor.   Toe present Administra-
tion had been liberal to a fault towards their ene-
mies.
Mr. P. in reply to the remarks of Mr. Oolb of
Pennsylvania, who had asked what Democracy
was, showed that the Democracy was now what
it was during the war—that it was that which
supported the honor and dignity of the countiy
and preserved the great principle of equal rights
od which the Government was based; whilst on
the other hand, the Whig party, in principle, were
identical with the Federal party which, during the
war, took ground diametrically opposed to the
best interests of the nation, and threw every em-
barrassment in the way of the Government in the
effort it was making to preserve the honor of
itsfl-g, and in defending the sacred rights of the
seamen, to secure them from impressment by the
British Government There never have been but
two parties in thi3 nation—the old Federal—which
was always adverse to the best interests of the peo-
ple, and the Democratic party—and there were
bat two parties now: the Whig, which, in hs
State (Massachusetts) was synonymous with the
Federal party; and the great Democratic party
which now supports the present Administration.
To 8'iow the gentlemaa from Pennnsylvania
[Mr. Ogle] who it was that composed the Whig
party, and «hat Federalism was, he referred to bis
colleague, ÍMr. Saltowstall,] who was one of the
ea 'e« of the Wh g party of the present day. He
did not b*!ieve his colleague bal ever supported a
Democratic Administration. Mr. P. wa* uniler-
, s'ood to say that his to' league was opp.%ed to the
admin ¡si rat oris of Madison, Monroe,''Jackson, and
Tan Bnren. But now he was conspicuous for Ins
support of General Harrison. He was one of the
gr at Central Intelligence Committee, composed of
Wh g members of Congress. Tnis committee, of
which his colleague [Mr. Saltonstall] was a
compicnous member, has called upon the people
to bring back the Government to its loimer princi-
ples ard its former precedents—to place in power
ibose who will carry ont the principles of former
President . New he had  aid that hs collejgue
bad never supplied a Democratic Administra-
tion,tberefore the principles and precedents *o which
he wished to   bring back the Government, and
CONGRESSIONAL GLÜÉE.
to carry out which he wishes to place General
Harrison in the Presidential chair, must be the
principies of the old Federal party, of which he was
a member—principles which must be identical
with those which he is now in support of. To let
the House and the country know what those prin-
ciples were, he read from NileVs Register of Octo-
ber 8,1814, a report made to the Massachusetts
Legislature by a committee, of which his col-
league [Mr. Saltobstall] was a member, recom-
mending the Hartford Convention. Mr. P. read
over the names of those who composed that con-
vention, and showed that all who are living belong
to the Whig party; and that all those who bad re-
cently died, had departed in that faith. The same
party in the Massachusetts Legislature, that au-
thorized and supported the Hartford Convention,
resolved that it was unbecoming a moral and re'i-
gious people to rejoice at the defeats of the ene-
mies of their country. But the people of his State
subsequently expunged that foul blot from the re-
cord of proceedings.
The Hartford Convention passed a resolution
authorizing an embassy to wait upon Mr. Madison,
to say to him that he must change his policy or re-
sign. All the gentlemen now living, *ho consti-
tuted a part of that embassy, are members of the
Whigp rty; and Mr. Sullivan, another member,
recently deceased, died in the faith of Federalism
and Whigery.
Mr. P. after commenting at some length on the
objects of that convention, showed what were its
principles, identified the Whig party with those
who enteitained those principles; and argued such
were the principíente which his c<>lleague,in connec-
tion with other members of the Whig party, in the
appeal to the people, through their circular, wt-h
to restore the Government. Mr. P's lemarbs,
and the documentary proofs, will be published
hereafter.
Mr. SALTONSTALL obtained the floor in re-
ply; when
Mr. ANDREWS, remarking that he had been
here since 10 o'clock this morning, attending either
in committee room or on the House, moved that the
committee rise.
On which motion no quorum voted.
And the committee rose, and their chairman re-
ported the fact to the House.
The SPEAKER laid before the House further
testimony in relation to the New Jersey contested
election; which, on motion of Mr. SMITH of Con-
necticut, was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
And then, at sometbng after half past 5 o'clock,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, April 31,1840.
The CHAIR submitted certain resolutions of
the Leg slature of Florida, asking that pre-emption
rights may be given to certain settlers npon the
public lands in that Territory; which was referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. NORVELL presented a memorial 0f c¡t¡.
zens of Michigan, praying that the punishment of
William Lyon Mackenzie may be mitigated; which
was ordered to be transmitted to the President of
the Um'ed Stales.
Mr GRUNDY presented the memorial of citi-
zens of Memphis, praying for the passage of a ge-
neral bankrupt law; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
,Mr. YOUNG presen'eJ the memorial of Levi
Owen, and oth<-r cit z"ns of Illinois, praying that
measures may be taken for the occupation and set-
tlnment of .he Oregon Territory, and the appoint 
ment of John Rowan, of Kentucky, as Governor
thereof; which was laid on the table.
Mr. WALKER presented ihe memorial of mem-
bers of the bar in Mississippi, praying a removal
oí the Federal courts from Jackson to Vicksbnrg;
which was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. W. aleo presented the petition of S. G. Win-
chester, praying the reimbursement of the duties
paid by him o  the importation of «train book ;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
■>'■'■    r ■ ■ -if"'.  ii i."~" """ i-rrrr^íHrrirTTwúi~ii^e  in-  ■■■ '■■
Mr. W. also presented the petition of a nnmter
of cttzens of Jefferson county, Missi-sippi^arayint
the establishment of a mail route; whic^ w*s re-
ferred to the Committee on the Poet Qfflos and Post
Roads.
Mr. W. also presented the memorial of a large
■umber of cit.zens of Hinds county, Mississippi,
of both political parties, praying the passage of a
general bankrupt law, which would hje imperative
on banks and merchants, and optional with other
classes of the community.
I      Also, a memorial from citizens of Rankin county,
I   Mississippi, of similar tenor.
I     Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented a memorial,
which he said was signed by a number of reepec-
I table citizens of that State, «ad, like another he
> had presened some days ago, embraced not only
j   merchants and traders, but farmers, planters, and
| i mechauics, of much respectability.
Mr. C. said he would take this oocasion to re-
mark, that he believed some measure of the kin*
was necessary for the seen ity of creditors, ay* well
as debtors. For want of a general bankrupt law,
he said a debtor had the right, in most of the Stales,
if not all, to prefer one or more creditors to the ear
elusion of the otheis. This he thought unfair and
unjust. Wnen an individual had not the means
of paying the full amount of all his debt*, there
should be an apportionment amongst the creditors,
ace rdingjjto some fair and just ratio: Again: he
said it was extremely hard that a man who once
became indebted beyond his ability to pay, (though
it may have happened by misfortune, or causes not
to be foreseen,) should, throughout the remainder
of his life, coi tinue hopelessly involved, his ener-
gies crippUd, and useless to his family and coon-
I try. He hoped some measure would be reported
' to remedy this evtl, upon which all could agree.
The memorial was referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial of citizens
of New York, praying the imposition of a duty on
foreign silks; which was referred to the Committee
on Financ
Mr. W. also presented a memorial of citizens of
Wayne county, New York, praying for the passage
of a general bankrupt law; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. CRITTENDEN presented the memorial of
John Brace; which was referred to lbe<k>nrmjttee
on Claims.
Mr. BUCHANAN, from the Committee;on Fo-
reign Relations, to which was referred the men
norial of J. M. Clayton, and other citizens of De-,
laware, on the subject of a canal aeross the isthmus
of Darien, askel to be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, and that it be transmitted to
the President of the United States; which was
agreed to.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referreu the report of the Se-
cretary of War, relative to the process termed
"Kyanlzing," reported in fawor of printing the
same; which was agreed to,
Mr. FULTON, from the Committee on the Pub-
lic Lands, to which was referred the bill in relation
to donation* ol land to certain* person* in the
State of Arkansas  reported the same wiihout
amendment.
Mr. SEVIER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which was referred the petition and pa-
pers o''George C. Johnston, asked to be discharged
from their further conside ation, and that they be
pi in I'd; which was agreed to.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Public*
Landd, to which was inferred the memorial of the
Legislature of Alabama, requesting Congress to
cede te the State of Alabama the Muscle Shoals
Canal, rep rted a bill for that purpose; which was
read, and ordered to a second reeding.
Mr, NORVELL, from the Committee on Com- 
mtrce, reported a bill authorizing the erection of
certain light-houses and light boats, and the esta-,
blishment of certain buoys and beacon lights;
which was read, and ordered to a second renav *,
and .made the special order for neat Thursday
week
Hr.;CJ4AY of Alabama, frojn  *?•*?**••*
the Pnblte Lands, to which was referred the m .
