34ft
S^*""^^^^^mT^            '                       '        '            .1    '              "
mortal of the Legislative Assembly of the Territory
of Iowa, that settlers on the 16th sec ion be allowed
a pre-emption right to the same; and also,
Resolutions of the Legislature of Florida, for the
pas*k«e of a law granting floating pre-emption
righys to certain s-et tos, asked to b^ discharged
from the farther consideration thereof; which was
agreed to.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which "was referred the pett'ion ot Willi 
McDonald, made an adverse report ihereon; which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN, trom the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the bill for
the relief of Elihu Hall Bay," reported the *ame
without amendment.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to which «as referred the petition of Zadock
Smith; made an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
•    Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial of John Moore, re-
ported a bill for his relief; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. H- also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the bill from the H «use for the
relief of the heirs of John Wilkinson, t'eceased;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill from the House for the relief
of Cornelias Tiers, reported the same with an
amendment; the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHITE, in pursuance of prev ous notiee,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for the
construction of certain harbors on Lake Michigan;
whteh was read, and ordered to a smon I reading.
•   Mr. WHITE submi'ted the following motion
for consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to lay before the Senate a statement
of the names of banks in wh.ch special de-
posites in fpecie were made to the credit of
the Treasurer of the United State*, m an-
ti-ipation of receiving Iherefor Treasury noies
)—ud under ihe tcis of 1837, 1838, and 1839—
and if ilir dale and amount of each delivery of
Treasury notes on account of having received cer-
tificates of such -vpec al deposites; with the rates of
interest Jof such Treasury notes, and the names
of the persons or banks to whom the same
wera. delivered. Also, a statement of the amount
remaining in each of such banks to the credit
of the said Treasurer,at the date of the firU of such
certificate issued by such bank. And also, a
monthly statement of the amount of all other de-
posites to the credit of said Treasurer, in such
banks, for each month daring the period between
the dato of st><h fir-a certificate and the date of
the payment of such Treasury notes. And also, a
statement cf the drafts drawn against such special
or other deposites in each month dunngsdeh period,
stating ihe transactions with each bank in a se-
parate account. And also, copies of all corre-
ipondence between the Department and fuch banks,
and any person or persons, relative to the making
seen special deposites, and to the delivery of such
Treasury notes.
BILLS PAS3ED.
The bill for the relief of the corporate authorities
of the city of Mobile;
The bill for the relief of Hezekiah Cunningham;
The bill for the relief of James Smith of Arkan-
sas;
The bill for the relief of John L. Scoct;
The bill for the relief of Zadoc Martin of Mis-
ión ri;
* The biH for the relief of Gregoire Sarpy, or his
legal representatives;
The bill for the relief of Daniel B. Bush;
The bill'for the relief of John W. Monette; and
The bill tor the Telief of Samuel Crapin;
were severally read a third time, and pa-sed.
The bill granting to the State of" Michigan a
quantity of land to aid said State in the eons ruc-
/ lion of a canal around the falls ef St. Mane, wat
I taken up on its third reading, and was opposed by
. Me'sre. CLAY of Kentueky, PRESTON, CRIT-
\ TENDEN, and BUCHANAN, and advocated by
I   mma. WORVEIA, HENDERSON, PORTER,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and WALKER; when, after some remarks by Mr.
TAPPAN, it was, on his motion, recommitted to
ihe Committee on the Public Lands.
The bill supplementary to an act to grant pre-
emption rights to settlers on the public lands,
coming up on its third reading,
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky addressed the Senite,
at length, in opposition to the bill, and was replied
to by Messrs. CLAY of Alabama and WALKER.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky then moved to recom-
mit the bill with instructions; which was nega-
tived—ayes 8, noes 25.
The question was then taken on its passage, and
it was decided in the affirmative—ayes 26, nays 9,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Alabama, Faltón, Grundy, Hen-
derson, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Nicholas,
Norvell, Pierce, Porter, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of
Indiana. Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, White, Wil-
liams, Wright, and Young—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Calhonn, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Knight, Pren-
tiss, and Roane—9.                       '
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, April 21,1840.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the resolution reported from the
Committee on Public Expenditures by the gentle-
man from Massachu.'-et s, [Mr. Brigos,] proposing
to abohs'i that committee, on the ground that the
duties belonging to said committee had been trans-
ferred t > other committess.
Mr. HALL, who was entitled to the floor, was
about proceeding in continuation of his remarks;
when
Mr. CUSHING wished, before the gentleman
from Vermont proceeded in his remarks, to call his
a'tention to a portion of his speech which appeared
in the Globe of last evening. The gentleman was
represented as referring to a new era of investiga-
tion, and to the new born zeal of the gentlemen
from Massachusetts and Virginia at the present
session. Now he, Mr. C. would remind the gen-
tleman from Vermont thattoth him elf and the
gentleman from Virginia had, at the last Congress,
repeatedly called on the committee to repoit. He
recollected distinctlj that Mr. Wi^e had more than
once demaided of the ccmmit'ee whether t' ey
were ready to report. So far as reyardtd himsel', it
was true that he di I not move a resolution to com-
pel the committee to act, because that course, in
hi ; opinion, would have been very insidious. But
when the subject was broaght directly before the
House, he thought it his duty to pursue the course
he had.
Mr. WISE said that, for himseF, he recollected
having repeatedly called in the committees for re-
ports. Also that, on one occasion, he gave no-
tice that he should renew his demand daily, until
reports should be made.
Mr. HALL had no distinct recollection of what
he did say on the occasion alluded to, but if he had
stated any thing which did ir.justice to the gentle-
man, he would willingly correct it. Bat he had
understood the gentleman frtm Mas>achu<etts as
taking the ground, that as the Committee on Pub-
lic Expenditures had now a majority of Opposition
members, under these circumstances much more
was to be expected from them than had heretofore
been done. He had understood the gentleman
fiom Virginia as having taken the same ground.
It was that which had induced him to speak of their
new-born zeal, as he had shown that during the
time of Mr. Speaker Polk, there was also a ma-
jority of Opposition members on that committee,
and that Ihe zeal of the gentlemen was just as ap-
plicable tj that period as it was now. His remarks
had been based on that understanding, viz: that the
gentlemen expected more from the committee now
than formerly, whereas its political character had
been the same during the whole of the 1. st Con-
gress as it was now. If he had misapprehended
them, he was ready to make a correction, as, in
the remarks he made, he did not intend any offence
to either of the gentlemen.
Mr. WISE repeated that it would be in the re-
collection of many old members of the House,
that he did call repeatedly for reports during the
last session. The gentleman might «tate the fact
or not, just a^ he pleas d.
Mr. HALL said he had himself a distinct recol-
lection of the gentleman from Virginia having
made a call upon the committee for a report. But
it was on the point that the gentleman considered a
new era had arrived, owing to a different political
complexion of the committee, that his remark* had
been founded, and which had induced him to show
that its complexion had been the same during the
whole of the last Congress,
Mr. H. made a long argument in support of his
position, and made some remarks in reply to Mr.
Wise, to which that gentleman responded.
Mr. LEET obtained the floor, and havingspoken
a few minutes in opposition to the adoption of the
resolution for abolishing the Committee on Public
Expenditures,
The SPEAKER announced that the morning
hour had expired.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the House re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and took up the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
Mr. SALTONSTALL prefaced his remarks
by an allusion to an article which had appeared in
the Globe, and which, he had been informed, was
sent to that paper in the shape of a communica-
tion, furnished probably by a member of the
House. The artice Mr. S. read, and said the drift
of it was to show that he was peculiarly sensitive
in relation to the Hartford Convention. Mr. S.
then went on to make comments on the dialogue
said to have taken place, on the occasion alluded
to, between him and Mr. Watterson, and denied
having said any thing about thu Haitford Conven-
tion.
Mr. WATTERSON said he did not distinctly
hear what the gentleman from Massachusetts said
when he had called him (Mr. W.) to order the
day. But he had understood him to say that "he
would like to know what the Hartford Convention
had to do with the question before the House." He
(Mr. W.) could not hear the words distinctly him-
self, but was informed by several genilemen, who
were near him at the time, that the gentleman from
Massachusetts had used the words attributed to him;
but, as that gentleman had denied having used the
i language, he (Mr. W.) could have no doubt bat
that the gentlemen were mistaken.
Mr. SALTONSTALL repeated that he did not
use the words, and he challenged any gentleman
to get up in his place and say that he did say any
thing in relation to the Hartford Convention.
A member here rose and said, that he happened
to be standing near Mr. S. at the time alluded to
by the Globe; and he was certain that the word
used was Harrisburg, and not Hartford Conven-
ts n.
Mr. WATTERSON was understood to say that
he did mak* the remarks attributed'to him in the
communication published in the Globe, but there
l was so much confusion in the hall at the time, that
it was doubtful whether he was heard on the other
side of the ball or not.   But that was of bo conse-
| quence, as, if the gentleman did not on that occa-
sion allude to the Hartford Convention, he had risen
I    now for the purpose of defending it.
Mr. SALTONSTALL denied that his present
object was to defend the Hartford Convention. He
had risen for another purpose. Mr. S. then pro-
i ceeded to notice an article which appeared in the
1 Gobe of last evening, and which charged him and
others wrth circulating in Virginia a ceitain docu-
ment, giving a false statement of the different
amounts of expenditure of the present and former
Administrations, calculated to prejudice the pabltc
mind, by a presentation of statements tx parte in
their nature. Also, that the said document was
got up in a form calculated to lead the people to
suppose it was an official d< cument of the House.
Mr. C. denied the allegation. He sa'd it was
neither more nor less than a copy of a report frott 
the Secretary of the Treasury, w>rd for word.
At the request of Messrs. WISE and RICE
GARLAND, the document wa« read by the Qucjuc,
