CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
r***em
&43
«ad oompared with the oficial papan, of which it
«as said to be a copy.
Mr. WISE itaied, ia behalf of an absent col-
league, that the document was prepared for the
press by that gentleman, and he was responsible
for incorrectness; and thatit was a true and faith-
fal copy of the offieial papers, from which it was
compiled. Mr. W. then called apon his colleagues
to point oat any instance, if tbey could, where the
document was not a true copy.
Mr. HOPKINS said, that for his part he had not
examined the document, nor had he heard of its
existence previous to its production by the gentle-
mant frrm Massachusetts, [Mr. Salton>tall.]
Bat be would submit to hi; colleague whether it
was not due to them, as an act of ju-tice, to hare
presented with that docomrnt the names of the
individual members who had voted for the appro-
priations of the public money. He put it to the
gentleman [Mr. W.] whether a majority of his
political fnends bad not themselves voted for those
appropriations.
Mr. WISE said his colleague had given no an-
swer. He repeated his ques-ioi, and asked him
whether the document was a true copy or not. It
was not the business of his party to present the
views of the Administration with the document
they chose to present to the people. Mr. W. in
anacer to a question, admitted that the document
bad been sent to Virginia with a view of influenc-
ing the election; and as the correctness of it was
not called in question by his colleagues, he should
forthwith take 2,000 of them from trie piinter, and
send them for d.stribntion, as correct.
At this moment great confusion prevailed in the
hall, aru-ing from a sudden personal re neon re be-
tween Messrs. Rick Garland and Btndm. The
combatants were immediately separa'ed by the
interposition of other members, amidst great noise
and confusion.
The SPEAKER, at the request of several mem-
bers, took the chair, and, with much d fficulty, suc-
ceeded in restoring order.
Mr. WISE moved that the gentlemen be taken
into custody by the Serjeant-at-Arms.
The SPEAKER said that as the Committee of
the Whole bad not regularly risen, now ihat order
bad been restored, he would call upon the chairman
of the committee [Mr. Casey] to tesóme the chair.
Mr. DROMGOOLE knew nothing of the com-
mencement or cause of the affair which had just
disturbed the harmony of the proceeding*, and did
not mean to impute inceptive fault to any one, but
he, for one, eos Id not consent to resume the busi-
ness in committee, without some action being had
thereon. He felt it hi3 duty, and the duty of
gentlemen of all parties, to unite in preserving the,
order and dignity of the House. It was doe to
themselves, and to the people whom they repre-
sented, that a stop shonM be pot to such disgrace-
ful proceed n.s, and that the disorder should be
prevented from going any further.
Mr. WISE, before any motion wjs made, wou'd
ltke to know from the SpEáKER, what was the
parliamentary course of proceeding in such cares.
The SPEAKER was understood to say it would
be parliamentary to raise a committee for the pur-
pose of iovisiigiiicg the facs. It had also been
the practice to pat a specific m t on to ihe House
itself. Here'o'Ore, he believed, the Hou-e had not
gone for.her than to entertain a motion submitted
to itself, and not to send the matter to a committee
•f inquiry.
Mr. UNDERWOOD caid he had been here
some years, but he must confess that the scenes be
had witnessed during the present session were very
different from conduct pursued heretofore. He
regretted this change very much indeed. Bat he
mast be permitted to remark, that unless some steps
were taken 'o produce a change in the manner of
conducting the business here, members might as
well go home at once, for this state of things could
not last much longer. It was not only a disgrace
to themselves, but a disgrace to the country. Mr.
U. then offered ihe following re.-olution:
Resolved, That a committee of five bs ap-
pointed to investigate the tacts relative to the dis-
order and personal violence which has just taken
place between two its members, to wv: Rtc« Gar-
land and Jbssjb A. Btndm, and that said com nit-
tee report with all practicable despatch the facts-of
the case.
Mr. CONNER approved of the motion just made
hy ihe gentleman from Kentucky. It must be ob-
vious to all that it was necessary to preserve order
in the House; and he was in favor of an imme-
diate investigation, and that censure should fall on
the offender, whoever he might be. He had been
an attentive observer for some time past; and he
was sore that not only members, but visiters in the
galleries,, must have seen that something was ne-
cessary to preserve the order and dignity of the
body. Those members who had been here more
than two or three terms, could not but regret the
sad change which had taken place in the mode of
conducting the business of the House. Mr. C ap-
pealed to the recollection of the Spcabkr in i ela-
tion to a former case of disturbance, not precisely
like the present, but which, for the sake of preserv-
ing the credit of the House, had teen quashed.
Bat now the time had come when the most dis-
graceful language was n-ed, not only ia the under
current, but openly, ia ihe face of the House; and
we had beard quite as much vulgarity and abuse
as was ever h ard at the tail of a cart, or at a mili-
tia muster in ihe district which he represented. In
every legislative body, it was necessary that order,
peace, and harmony, should be preserved; and be
hoped that every lover of order would unite te
keep down th's turbulent spirit, which was
ever calculated to disturb the harmony of their
proceedings. The reputation of the House of
Representatives of the tinned States was now mea-
surably gone into disrepute, and from the course
pursued it was no more than could be expected.
What had been ihe mode of procedure for the last
ten or fifteen days? Instead of attending to the
questions before them, had it not been one continu-
ed attack on the high officers of our Government,
who «ere charged wiih the grossest corruption? He
did nothtand there to vindicate those officers if they
were in fault, but he stood there as the friend of
order.
Mr. C. then alluded to a case which occurred
some years ago, wh< n the Secretary of the Presi-
dent of the United States was assaulted in the Ro-
tundo by a printer. Oq that occasion a committee
of investigation wasappo nted, and he well remem-
bered the indignatRn expressed by members of all
parlies, and their readiness to resent it, although
the individual was but the Secretary of the Presi-
dent. He also alluded to the instance when a
memtrer of Congiess was attacked in the street,
and said he believed that he was one of the twenty-
five, who voted to take no notice of it,believing that
the House had no cognizance. But he referred to
it merely to show the feeling which existed on the
snbj'Ct. He also alluded to ano her iostacce when
one night a rencontre was prevented between two
members, by ihe interposition of their friends. But
the evil was now mc easing to an alarming extent,
and with the gent'eman from Kentucky, he would
say that unless a stop was put to it immediately,
C<ngre-s might as well adjourn forthwith, and
members return to their constituents to inform them
that they, their Representa i ves, were unable to do
any business.
Mr. BANKS said he rose under th* influence of
feelings of a painful nature. He had been ra'sed
in thai school which taught him to look on order
and d corum in a public body like this, as essential
to its dignity, and to the dignity of the people who
>ent them there. He could not look but with pain
and mo< hfication on the recent course of debate, in
arraigning at the bar of ihe House members of a
co-ordinate branch of ths Legislature, and expos-
ing the piivaie characters of individuals who had
no opportunity to reply. He considered it undig-
nified, and unparliamentary, in arraigning the
high officers of Government, instead of attending to
the legitimate bus n^ss before them. But although
g ntlemen had thought pr< per to protract this de-
bite, without attending to the business of the coun-
try, yet now he .trusud th.-y would pause, and that
membctsof both patties would unite in, preserving
order.
Mr. B. then stated that he happened to be near
the two gentleman at the time the rencontre occur-
red, and that, with others, he had lent bis aid to
separate them. He would say nothing now as to
the cause whioh gave rise to the unfortunate dis-
turbance; bat he had risen for the purpose of en-
treating all parties to unite with him in preserving,
in future, the dignity of the House, and thereby
the dignity of the people of the United States. As
regarded the present case, he hoped the House
would act promptly, and that a committee would
be raised at once te ascertain the facts which gave
rise to the disgraceful scene, let the blame fall
wherever it might. He wat anxious for the adop-
tion of any course for preserving the dignity of the
House.
Mr. BRIGGS said we bad now arrived at a
point where we must stop. This system of vul-
garity and abase could be tolerated no longer.
He was ashamed to say that in this body language
was indulged, in which, for coaisene s and vul-
garity, could not be exceeded «n the highway; and,
as might b - expected, such language bad at last
led to personal violence in the face of the House.
He was convinced that members on both sides had
felt disgraced by such proceedings, and were de-
sirous of adopting a remedy ¡but they bad suffered
the evil to go on too long, until it bal at length
terminated in the most unhappy occurrence. Bat
he would now call upon all to jo n with him, and
from this moment to put shoulder to shou'der, and
mind to mind, for the pujpose of adopting a coarse
that would elevate the House to the height from
which it had fallen, and restore its dignity. It
could be done, and must be done; otherwise all
hopes of order would be gone. He hoped a com-
mittee would be app anted at once to investigate
the unpleasant occutreoce, and would make no
fuither remarks until the facts had been investi-
gated.
Mr. ANDREWS said he was a young member,
but he hoped the House would excuse him when be
gave his humble opinion that no good conld arise
from prolonging this debate. He hoped the gen-
men would consent to the immediate adoption of
the resolution, and he therefore moved the previous
question
The previous question was seconded and the
main question having been ordered on the adoption
of the resolution, the question was taken and the
resolution was agreed to, and the following gentle-
men were appointed to serve on the committee,
viz: Messrs. Underwood, Bon.cn of Ky. Bbioss,
Coopxk of Ga. and Clifford.
Mr. WISE hoped the committee would be direct-
ed to proceed at once, so that the matter miaht be
disposed of to-dar; and on his motion the commit-
tee was granted leave to sit during the sess.oa of
the House.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the House
again resolved itself ino Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union and resumed the conside-
ration of the civil and diplomatic appropriaton
bill.
Mr. SALTONSTALL then resumed his re-
majks, and spol-e in reference to the late war with
Great Britain, and said that those who con-
demned it were contending for great princi-
ples; and whatever might have been their motive*,
they ought not to be misapprehended. At that
ti ne, war had ravaged Europe. It appeared mat
Napoleon was carrying all before him, and it
itemed that he woald concen rate all power; and it
wasci nreived that we had more to fear from that
mevemtnt than from any ether. The minority in
his State were opposed to the war, and he wished
to state to the House the situation of the country at
the time; and men'ioned, among other reasons, that
Napo'eon was then on his march to Russia; that
all Europe was making a combined movement;
that our country was not prepared for war; and
that all our commerce was exposed to the enemy.
Mr. 8. said that his name had been read by bis
ol league [Mr. Parmintir] In connection with
the Hartford Convention, and he took the occasion
to say that he, Mr. S. could add his testimony to
that of Sheiman, Otis, the secretary of the con-
vention, and others, who were there present, ihat
never was there a mention of a dissolution of^m
Union; and if there had been, it would have been
looked upon with abhorrence. The Hwtfoid gw*
