544
vention was regarded as odious; bat as to its de-
sign, it was as innocent as the conventions recently
bald at Harrisburg and Columbus.
Mr. S. then proceeded to read the names of those
associated with the convention, and eulogized them
severally; and asked the gentleman from Maine
{Mr. A. Smith] a question in relation to Stephen
Longfellow, jr.
Mr. A. SMITH replied that he knew Mr. Long-
fellow to be a high minded man; and would bear
testimony to his undeviating consistency. Mr. L.
was a Federalist, and is now a modern Whig.
Mr. STUART obtained the floor, and said that
it was with great regret that he was induced to
mingle in the discussion. The remarks which be
should make, would be called from him by his col-
league, [Mr. Reynolds,] who intended his re-
marks fur Illinois. H¡s (Mr. S'>-) al<o were in-
tended for the same latitude. He did not intend to
speak of the Hartford Convention, but on the sub-
ject of the Cumberland road, in reply to the re-
marks of his colleague. After going into a history
of the proceedings on that bill, he s id he did not
hold either party in that House responsble for the
defeat of the Cumberland road. Gentlemen be-
longing to both parties hacT voted for and against
it. He went into an examination of the sev ral
votes which had taken place at this session, in sup-
port of the ground assumed. And also at the last
session, he said, the bill was laid on the table, and
that the larger portion of the Democratic party
voted in the affirmative on that question. He cen-
sored the proper departments for not reporting to
Congress the estimates for that road in the u>ual
way; and hence he argued that the responsibility
of the defeat of that measure rested with the Presi-
dent. He also adverted to certain votes given by
Mr. Van Buren when in the Senate of the United,
States, to prove that the President was opposed to
the road. He replied at some length to the remarks
of his colleague, that the old Federal party had
been merged into the present Whig party, and that
their principles were identical. He bad heard the
same course of remark during the last sum-
mer from his political opponent. His cel-
1-igoe, a'so, bad commenced the canvass in
the southern district in Illinois, in the same
way. All those who wished to delude the
people, made use of the same kind of dema-
goguism. The old Federal party, as a party, he
said, had been long since disbanded. He then ad-
vened to the operations of the Sub-Treasury sys-
tem; and argued that it would work injuriously to
the interests of the West. He spoke at some
length on various other topics. His remarks wilt
be given hereafter.
Mr. JAMESON obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee rise; and, on dividing the com-
mittee on that motion, there were, ajes 53, noes55:
no qU' rum voting.
Mr. JONES demanded tellers for another count.
Mr. JAMESON said he had not expected to get
the floor this evening, and was not well  prepared
to go on with his argument, and would much pre-
fer that the committee would rKe.
Messrs. Bcikne, and Davhs ef Pennsylvania,
havirg been appointed tellers, to take a count, re-
ported that there were, ayes 69, noes 57; whereup-
on the committee rose.
Mr. DA VIES of Pennsylvania meved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama demanded the
yeas and nay?; which were ordered, and were,
yeas 55, nays 87.
So the House refused to adjourn.
On motion of Mr. DROMGOOLE, the House
•gain resolved itself into Committee of the Who'e,
(Mr. Casbt in the chair,) and resumed the consi-
deration of the civil and diplomatic appropriation
hill.
Mr. JAMESON resumed the floor and replied.at J
great length, to the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Stüart.]   He said the stale stuffso
often charged, and so often refuted, that Martin
Van Buren was opposed to the war, and that he
was the friend of Rufus King, he did not think
worth consuming the time of the committee to re-
ply to.   It has been again and again refuted.   In
rslttiea to the charge oí the gentleman from Jlji-
00NGRES8I0NAL GLOBE.
nois, in relation to the Cumberland road, he would
ask whether it would have been possible for Mar-
tin Van Buren to have escaped the denunciations
and abuse of the Whig party by any course of
action in relation to that road. If he had recom-
mended it after the decisive expression of opinion
again"t it by the last Congress, he would have
been denounced by the greater po tion of these same
Whig gentlemen, because he had presumed to dictate
to them a course of anion different from that whieh
the Leg;slalive department had determined upon.
Who gave the veto to the Cumberland road bill?
The Congress of the United States. The
President, in accordance with the settled prac-
t:ce of his predecessors, recommended this bill
to the consideration of the previous and last
sessions of Congress. But Congress forrhed
a new precedent, and settled a new princip'e, by
rejecting it; and now, forsooth, b?cause the Pi esident
had paid proper deference to the opinion expressed
by the legislative branch of the Govern ment, and did
not recommend it, the Whig gentlemen who
had been so clamorous against Executive dictation,
will not vote for a measure because he will not
dictate to them that it is right, and that they must
vote for it. They are not willing-to lake the
responsibility of legislating without Executive dic-
tation. Last Congress tuok the responsibility to
give the measure its death blow, and Mr. Van
Buren punned the course of his predecessors, and
paid some respect to the express-on of opinion by
the last Congress. A  the death blow was given
by Congress, it was their duty to resuscitate. The
Executive then, a* in duty bound, will pursue
your lead. Let it be revived by the same hands
that killed it. But the measure was first diseased
by the action of the Legislature of the State from
which the gentleman [Mr. Stüart] came. That
body determined that the road should not pass
through the State unless it parsed a particular
point. You then gave a death stroke to the road.
The friends of it, falling out among themselves,
weakened it; the enemies of the measure seized
upon that circumstance and worked its rain. It
can be only revived again in forty-three or in fifty-
three, under a new census. The gmtleman had
intimated that the measure was opposed in the
message. Such was not the fact; it was silent upon
the subject. Therefore the gentleman cannot draw
either from the message, or from any thing that
the President has said, that he is unfriendly to the
road. He (Mr. J.) came to the conclusion, from
the reading of that document, that the Pi esident
would have been charged with d ctation to Con-
grew, if he had recommended it in his mes-
s?ge. This party, which has declaimed so
loud against Executive dictation, and charged
the Democratic party with having been con-
trolled by it, now come forward and say—in
extenua'ion of their votes against this mea-
sure, and assent to and avow the Federal doc-
trine—that they will not take the responsibility of
voting for a measure because they think the Exe-
cutive is opposed to it. Therefore, mat this Whig
party is to be the tool of the President—that it will
stoop so low to Executive power, that it will not do
except what it is bid to do. If that odious doctrine
was to obtain there, they had better go home. Just
see what the Executive wants—do his bidding,
without investigation, and go home. He did not,
nor did the Democratic party, subscribe to that odi-
ous Federal doctrine. He believed the Legislative
body "should act independent of the Executive. '
Such was the principle of the Constitution, j
He argued that all the power emanated from and .
was concentrated in the people. They appointed
the Senat  and the Congress, and they were both
responsib'e to that source of power. Each branch
of the Government was independent of the other— '
they were made so by the Constitution—and all
the powers were regulated and controlled by the j
Con«t'tution and the laws. If the doctrine which
has been contended for by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Saltonstall] that there was
a dependence of one branch of the Government
upon, the other, or that Congress was to listen to
the dictation of the Executive, Republican liberty
conld not long be maintained. The great fabric of
our Government mast soon topple and fall.   The
I         -       .....-------    niiiitim n    I
Executive, like Congress, was responsible to
the people. The duties of the Executive are de-
fiined by the Constitution and the laws. Thej are
different from those of the Legislative branch of the
Government. It is the duty of the Legislative de-
partment to originate and pass measures, and the
duty of the President to executJ them. Yet the
gentlemen of the Opposition complain because the
President will not overstep the powers assigned to
him, and as<unae to himself to recommend estimates
for purposes which Congress had declared that it
could not appropriate money to, they refuse to act
for themselves, and vote aganst propositions that
are brought forward for that purpose. They do this
too to make a pretext for throwing the responsibi-
lity of the defeat of that measure upon the Execu-
tive. Mr. J. spoke at some length on various other
topics, which will be published hereafter.
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky obtained the floor,
and offered a modification for the whole bill, pro-
posing to graduate and reduce the salaries of the
officers of.Government in a certain ratio; also, to
reduce the proposed appropriation to the contin-
gent fund of the Senate from $50,000 to $30,000;
and that of the House of Representatives from
$100,000 to $75 000; and to reduce the miscella-
neous appropriation from $67,000 to $30,000; with
certain provisos.
Mr. D. said he was aware that the amendment
j   was not then in order; but he merely wished to
have it read to admonish the committee that the
j   civil and diplomatic bill was before them.   And
having intimated his intention te confine himself to
the subject under consideration, before proceeding
!  further, yielded the floor to
! Mr. OGLE, for a personal explanation,which he
deemed necessary in consequence ef the manner of
the replies of his colleague [Mr. Keim] and of Mr.
Jameson of Missouri, to the remarks made by him
a few days ago. Mr. O. having gone into an ar-
gument, instead of making a personal explanation,
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama rose to a point of
order. He inquired of the Chair whether it was"
in order for one gentleman, who had not spoken on
the bill, to get the floor and yield it to another gen-
tleman to make an argument, who had already
spoken once, and thus deprive other gentlemen,
who had not participated in the debate, of the pri-
vilege of speaking.
The CHAIR was understood to say that it
would be in order if the gentleman confined him-
self toa personal explanation; but it would not be
to make an argument.
| Mr. OGLE again proceeded in his remarks, and
; was commenting on the qualities of the furniture in
the President's Hnuse, when
. Mr. SMITH of Maine inquired of the Chair
whether, if the gentleman from Pennsylvania pro-
ceeded in that course of remarks, the genuV-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] would be entitled
to the floor.
The CHAIR decided that he would not; and
after a conversational debate, in which Messrs.
SMITH of Maine, OGLE, DAVIS of Kentucky,
DROMGOOLE, and LEET participated, Mr.
Ogle was ruled out of order, and
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky claimed the floor, and
was about proceeding in his remarks, when
Mr. RARIDEN moved that the committee rise.
Mr. VANDERPOEL having demanded 'ellers,
and Messrs. Hobbard and Davis of Pennsylvana
having been appointed such, reported ayes 44, noes
74, no quorum voting.
The committee rose, and the Chair reported that
fact to the House.
Mr.  COOPER of Pa. moved an adjournment.
Mr. DUNCAN demanded the yeas, and nays;
which having been ordered, were—jeas 50, nays
80.   So the House refused to adjourn.
A quorum being present, the Hou*e again re-
solved itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and resumed the consideration
of the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill, and
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky resumed.his remarks.
He spoke at some length, and contended that th<*
present Administration was the continuation of the
same Administration which succeeded Mr. Adams,
and promised the country retrenchment and reform,
and that that promise had been violated, by an in-
V----L            .„-.     ,,_
