whether or not it had any thin? to do. But, Mr.
Speaker, sa;d Mr. L. did (hose former committee*
ever make any investigations* D.d they ever ex-
amine into any of tre departments, or anv of the
varióos branches of the department ? They never
did, so far as I am informed.
But, sir, as to these repotts, touching their own
powers.   What was done with them?   What ac-
tion wav taken by the House"!   Were they consi-
dered, debated, and adopted? No.   Of course, then,
they cannot be regarded  a* authoritative.   They
are good evidence, it is true, of the various opi-
nions of honorable and experienced gentlemen in
regard to the powesof this committee; hut nothing
more.   These opinions, thus exprés -ed in the form
of rep. rt<, are certainly entitled to great considera-
tion, and receive it, too, at my hands.   So far,
however, as the action of this Hou e is concerned,
I contend, said Mr. L. that it goes far to sustain
the position, that the rule raising the Committee on
Public Expenditures still exists in full force.   Mr.
L. continued and said, that there were not only
shades of difference, but really material and sub-
stantial differences in the powers of this committee
and the six committees on expenditures in the De-
partments.   The   powers of this  committee are
more    extensive     than    those    of    either   of
the    six    Department    committee?;    and    are
coequal with those   of all the  six   Department
committees combined.   Toe language of the 71 t
riléis, it shall be the duty of the Commit tee on Public
Expenditures to examine into the "stole" of the several
public departments. Now, sir, what does the word
"sM«" mean?   It has vaiimis significations.   It
means, acor ding to the most apporved lexico-
grapheis, when connected with other words, which
indicate the sense in which it is use i, a body politic.
In the way in which it is ns-d in this in*tance, it
evidently means the affairs of the body politic;
not some of the affairs, bnt any or all the affairs of
Sate.
The committee (said Mr. L) have a commis-
sion given to them by this House, acting under the
authority of the Constitution,in virtue of which, they
«in go into any Department of this Government,
aid examine every thing there in which the people
are interested. The Commttee on Public Expendi-
tures have general powers; the other six committees
relating to the departments hive, each, special
powers.
But granting, (said Mr. L.) that the aggregate
powers of the six committees, are equal to those
of the Committee on Public Expenditures; yet the
jurisdiction is concurrent. Concurrence of juris-
diction among several committees can form no
reason for abolishing any one of tbetn. That
on Public Expenditmes, I cob tend, has no right to
look into and decide upon the jurisdiction of
other and similar committees. For ins'ance, it
cannot decide upon the powers of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. In this respect, these
committees d.ffer from courts of law. In some
ma ters, several courts may have, or be supposed
to have, jurisdiction; and if a suitor enter his plea
to the jurisdiction, it is incumbent on the court to
adjudicate en the plea. Th s would be all right.
But no court would institute an inquiry to see u
some other judicial tribunal had not the same
powers it had; and if such a one was found, then
decline taking cognizance of such suit or plea a 
might be preferred before it. But, as I said be-
fore, (remarked Mr. L ) if a plea to the jurisdic-
tion is made, the court must decide; and if it
finds that it has n  jurisdiction, (not if it concludes
it has concurrent jurisdiction,) then it; will re-
fuse to entertain the suit. It strikes me (said Mr.
L.) that all that a committee of this House has
to do, is to exercise the powers conferred upon it
by the rule creating it.
Again, sir: all the rules, and this among the rest,
have been adopted at each successive Congress.
This present session, the 71st rule, the one now in
question, was re-enacted. Certainly, therefore, it
cannot be successfully argued that this rule is re-
pealed. To sustain such a position, would seem
almost to deny our own senses. We have all, or
at least most, of us, have witnessed the enactment
of this very same rule, which, according to the ef.
feet of tbe resolution, if adopted, must be const-
CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
dered as repealed.     The rule for construing sta-
tutes, namely, that a subsequent  law  repeals a
prior one, so far as it is incompatible therewith,
does not apply in this case, because all the rues
involved in this debate were solemnly enacted by
the House at the same time, and consequently all
must have equal force and equal validity.   Now,
sir, said Mr. L. there h another aspect in which
this resolution i< objectionable; he meant it was
clearly inexpedient.     In what I have to say upon
the point of expediency, I will, said he, "keep the
ttate of the question in my eye."    I do not want to
mingle po'itical topics in the debate upon  this re-
solution, nor shall I wilfully subject myself to be
calif d io order.     He contended thre wire mmy
and powerful considerations, some of which were
applicable to the House itself, and o hers more
especially applicable to the Opposition party, why
this reso:ution ought not to pass.      Have we not,
said Mr. L. year after year, heard long and loud
complaint* about the alleged wasteful and prodigal
expenditure  of  the public moneys.?   Have  not
abuses, in every Department of the Government, II
been charged and trumpeted through  the party
presses from one end of the nation  to the  othei?  j
These comp'aints were heard duiing the Adminis- ]
tration of the honorable gentleman from Masía- I
chusetts, [Mr. Adams.]     We have heard them in
still   louder   tones   during    the    administration
of General Jackson, and we hear them even now
made against the administration of the preheat dis-
tinguished and able Chief Magistrate, Mr. Van
Buren    All  appropriations,   of  wha'ever   kind,
must,  according to the Constitution, receive the  I
sanction of this House; not one dollar can be ap- '
plied to  any  purpose, by any officer of Govern-
ment,   except  in pursuance of   law,  in the pas-
sage of  which   this   House   must   of  necessity
have a voice.   Vast sums  are annually received  ;
and disbursed by the different departments.    Mil-
lions flow into and out of your Trea ury  every
year. The people look to the Lesislative branch of
the Government to extend  their aid, at all events,    :
in preventing abuses,  and  in correcting such as
may creep into the management of the   public
trt asure, in any of the various ramifications of the
business of the Government.    What, sir,  shall we    ;
be told that there is nothing for the Cwnmit'ee on    i
Poblie Expenditures todo?   The ready response   i
is, there is the, Tieasury D.-partment, through ihe
various branches and agencies of which p*ss mil-
lions  of dollars every  year; there is your Navy
Departu-.ent, aad all the expenditures connected
with it;  there   is   yonr Post   Office Department;
and  there   is   your   Department   of  War,   and
its   large   expenditures,   and  in close cot. nect on
with this  may   be   ranked oar  Indian affairs—  i
the expenses of removing Indians, and of buy-   ;
ing OHt   their rights to lands, &c.    Will not all   !
these va>tand magnificent fields furnsh sufficient  i
ground f« r acommittee, however experienced, how-
ever learned  and laborious, to  explore?    Sorely   I
they wi'l; and, indesd, in my humble opinion, said   j
Mr. L. instead of lessening, we should rather aug-   i
merit, the number of commi'iees, and more equally
distribute labor among the members of this House.
In this   view  of the subject, I would most re-
spectfully   and   anxiously   inquire,   in   the   Ian-   jj
guage   of   the resolution,   why  will you   abolish  I
one of  the  most important  committees,   which
has   be^n   raised   for   the   purpose   of  having
and exercising' a   supervisory   power   over   all
the affairs of State, so far as expenditures are
concern>'d?   Why deprive ourselves,  y a kind of
suicidal act,  of the main instrument which the
Constitut on of  our country has placed in our
hands for accomplishing these great purposes?          |
I do not, saW Mr. L. wish to be understood as
admitting that any abuses now really exist, which
demand the attention of the committee. 1 know
of none; and from my confidence in the President
and heads of the Departments, cannot suppose any
are allowed to exist. The non-existence of abuses,
however, forms no argument in favor of doing
away with the committee. Destroy your commit-
tee, and you will at the same time lose every par-
ticle of moral influence which the having a stand-
ing tribunal, which can look into the various
branches of Government, whenever it chooses, is
H*
calculated to give the House. Sir, I would, said
Mr. L keep the committee; I would preserve this
board of visiters, in order that every Administra*
tion, in time to come, may at all times keep its
''house in order," not knowing "the day nor the
I hour when they may be called upon tJ give an ac-
count of their stewardship."
I  confess, sir, when I saw the Committee on
Fublic Expenditures composed of a majority of
honorable gentltraen oppe ed  to the President, I
expected that every  department  where any abuses
might be suspected to exist, would be probed to the
coie.    I had a right to suppose this would be the
cate; and, in all candor, I declare that, in my opi-
nion, nonecouli doubt as to the talents, experience,
and peculiar capacity of the honorable gentlemen
composing the committee, to pursue any inquiry
they might deem it proper io undertake.   But, sir,
the committee  have not  ma.le any investigation.
Shall I say that "a chanee has come o'er the spirit
of their dreams?" or, rather, may I not say that
they have no grounds on which to found a reason-
able >elief that ih'se crying abuses,  about which
we heir so much, (I don't mean m this House, hot
elsewhere, all ov r the country,) do exist?    A great
political contest is now  going on; and those who
war against the present  worthy incumbent of the
Presidential chair, will hive to address the under-
standings of the people,   if they expect to make
any ihing out of alleged abuses in the public ex-
penditures.   The people are intelligent, and before
they set their faces against the present Administra-
tion, they must b? convinced.   If there be any
abuses, hnw could they be better pointed out. how
or by whom more satisfactorily shown to the Ame-
rican people, than by a committee of this House?,
Mr. Speaker, some short time ago  my disin-
guished colleague, [Mr. Biddle,] in on-s of his elo-
quent speeches, alluded to that portion of the Pre-
sident's  la*t message, wherein he says, "I have
directed fie estmates for 1840 to be subjected  to
the severest scrutiny, and ti be limited to the abso-
luto requirements of the public service.    They will
be found less tr>an the expenditures ot 1839 by over
five millions of del ars."    My distinguished col-
league allude I to this part of the message in bis
comments upon the subject of the proposed appro-
priation to the Cumberland road, and argued with
great ability that Congress ought not to make any
appropriations which were Áot embraced in the
es'imaet of tb.p Departments;that the Presidei.t held
out the idea of economy and retrenchment in pub-
lic expenditures, and friends of the Administration
in thf House advocated appropriations in addition
to thise included in the estimates.    Th'S course he
cons dered  wrong, and pronoanced it deceptive.
Now, sir, the Hou^e are not bound by the estimates
of the heads of D putments.    Ii has a  constitu-
tional right tooriiinate all bills of app'opriation,
and m y, at its plea*-ure,connne itself to the estimates,
orgu heyond^hem. M¡ghtJnota,saffiendoftheAd-
ministration, wuh equal propriety, say in reference
to the Oppostion, that ths thing of keeping up the
cry of  abus s in the expenditures of the public
treasure, and not  investigating them, when  they
now have.and during the'asiCongress had,the power
of doing it to  their entire satisfaction, is "keeping
the pr imise to the ear, and breaking it to the hope?"
Is not this cnur>e well calculated  to lead a confid-
ing people into error   In sayin? this*, I beg leave
to remark, that nothing disrespectful to the honora-
ble gentlemen on the comruitiee is intended.    I do
not complain that they shrink from any necessary
labor or duty.
Bur, sir, in concli'ston, allow me to say, that I
could not vote for abolishing this Committee on
Public Expenditures. How would I justify or ex-
plain such a course to an honest and enlightened
constiuency. I take pleasure in saying, sir, here,
in my place, that I have reason to ft el proud of
such a constitnency as I have the honor to represent.
Would they be satisfied with my telling them ihers
was no necessity for this Committee on Public Ex-
penditures? Would they agree that the  n/y com-
mittee, which had a jurisdiction commensurate with
all the departments of Government; which could
march into any of the places where the rublie
treasure was kept, and detect abuses, if any pre-
vailed; would they, I say, agree to have that com-
