CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
351
the people could judge for themselves ss to who
«  responsible fur the extraordinary expenditure .
Mr. H. said he would refer to a single instance
where an appropriation to a great amount had been
made, by an almost unanimous vote <jf both par-
íes, but wh ch was set down in the document ax a
part of the extravagant expenditur*s of the Admt-
msrattoa. He referred to the appropriation of ten
millions made last year, to provide f<r contingen-
ctes which might ame from the excitement then
existing m relation t > the Northern front er. Now
that appropriation was made by an almost unani-
mous rote of both parties, there buug only 6
Totes in the negative; and yet, strange as it might
appear, tbn large item was set down in the docu-
ment, and formed a part of the charges made «gainst
the President. Was this fan? Was ihi  justice?
Was it u?lit to hold the President responsible for
an appropriation carried by an almost unanimous
rote of the House? For his part, he must and
would denounce it as unjust, as calculated to de-
ceive the people of the country, and to raise un-
just prejudices against an individual, against whom
not the slightest blan e was to be attached.
Having mentioned that instance, he would also
refer to another, where similar injustice had been
attempted. It was 1  relation to the indemmt es
received from loreign nations. These indemnities,
it was well known, were received by the Govern-
ment, acting in the capacity of a trustee only, and
the moneys were paid out again to the individual
citizens to whom they belonged; and yet th°se were
also charged against the Administration, and
formed a part of the aggregate.
Mr. H. proceeded to show that the millions re
covered from France, Spain, Denmark, Naples,
and ether nations, and merely passing through the
Government to merchants and others, for whom
they were recovered, were all set down in the do-
cument as an expenditure out of the Treasury of
the money of this country, when in fact this was
money paid by foreign countries oat of their trea-
sury to American citizens. He appealed to the
candor of gentlemen whether such a course was
fair, to charge the Administration with the expen-
ditures, when the Government was acting merely
as the trustee of others.
Mr. H. then alluded to the several items ttt
down hi the document fur harbors, the pension
rand, 'he Ciroberland road, Indian expenditure ,
etc all of which he proved bad been supported by
the Opposition themselves.
He also referred to the item for defraying the
contingent expenses of the House, which, of late
had increased to such a great amount, an<l which,
likewise, was charged in the document against the
President. He a>ked whether it was not mon-
strous to attempt to blame that officer for such an
item. How was it possible that gentleman could
attempt to bold the President of the United States
responsible fur ao increase of the contingent ex-
penses of their own body? Had the President any
thing in the world to do with it? And yet this hap-
pened to be one of the appropriations charge! in
that document against bim. He would ask if
there was a single gentleman on that floor who
would get up and attempt to argue that any one
but themselves wa* responsible lor such an appro-
priation? Certainly not. Then bow great was the
lDjustce of attempting to throw the responsibility
on the President. For his part, he bad no hesita-
tion in admitting that the contingent expenses of
the House were, in some respects, too great, and
he won Id most willingly co-operate with others for
the reduction; but still that did not alter the ca>e
in relation to the responsibility of the House iuelf.
He might go on and mention many other items
of a similar character, and before he concluded,
he should have occasion to refer to official docu-
ments, for the purpose of proving the facts.
Mr. H. after adverting at much length to the va-
rious items of expenditure of past years, and show-
ing that the items complained of bad been sup-
ported by the Opposition them*elves, expressed his
astonishment at the course of the latter. He said
if they would take the trouble to examine the va
lioui items of those extraordinary appropriations,
and deduct them from the aggregate, they would
find that the amount of difference was very small
indeed.
Mr. H. then went on to say, that with a view
of all these fact , and considering how the Opposi
uon themselves had acted in supporting those
appreciations, he could not say less than that, by
the publication ot the document in question, crying
and barefaced injustice had been done 10 the Pre-
sident by those who attempt to hold him responsi-
ble for the whole expenditures.
The remarks of Mr. H. wilt be give in fall
hereafter.
Mr. ANDREWS obtained the floor, but, at bis
solicitation, yielded it, for the purpose of personal
explanation, to
Mr. CORWIN, who replied at great lengih to
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr
Hopkins,] and particulaily such parts as related to
the document, purporting to give a vtatement of
the expenditures ot the Government, wh ch had
been sent out by the Whig Central Intelligence
Commi'tee, of which Mr. C. was a member. That
document, it seemed, had given rise to great specu-
lation. Mr. C. said, m consequence of the terms
in which ihat gentleman had characterized H, and
as bis name was signed to it, some explanation was
required from him. That gentleman, in character-
izing it, had used one or two adjectives too much.
He understood the gent'eman to say that crying in-
justice had been done to the President by sending
out ti.at leaf of printed matter to which he had ad-
verted- Mr. C. did not know whether he signed
that document as an executor or a witness; but,
tince tbe gentleman had connected his name with
it, and had attached to the document so suspicious
a character, and thought it had done such crying
injustice, it became him to make some sort of apo-
logy. Mr. C. after some preliminary remarks, said
tbe statement was made up of the words and figures
taken from the public records: that it was made in
reply to a resolution of the House, by tbe Secre-
tary ot the Treasury. It was a statement of facts
and figures sent in by that Secretary. It was
called for for tbe purpose of disseminating tbe infor-
mal on it contained among the people. But tbe
chief complaint seemed to be, that no explanation
of the cjuses ot the increase had accompanied the
statement. He knew that it was very easy to
show that the appropriations to light-houses
had caused a part oí ibis increase, and that
a large portion had been sunk in the swamp 
of Florida. The wh >le crime seemed to be, that
they did no* go into an investigation to show these
facts to the people. He argued that if the Whigs
did vote for the appropriation making the aggregate
in the years of the past and present Administra-
tions, included in tbisdocnment,it would not add any
thing to the stock of knowledge of the people to tell
them so. All that he had to bay was, that if the Whigs
did vote for them, turn them out. Mr. C was un-
derstood not to coincide with the views of the
friends of the Administration, that the Pres dent
was not responsible for the increase in the expen-
ditures on the ground that he could not exercise
any influence over ^he deliberations of Congress;
and went into an argument to show that such influ-
ence might be exercised. The friends of the Ad-
ministration could not, he said, rid themselves of
the responsibility of the increase of the expenditures
en the ground that the Whig party had voted for
them. He did not believe that the Whig party
had votel more unif. rmly for the large appropria-
tions which swelled the expenses of Government
than the friends of the Admtnitration.
Mr. DUNCAN inquired of the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Corwik,] wbeher the document sent
out to influence the Virginia election, contained
the whole document reported from the Depart-
ment?
Mr. CORWIN replied, that if the gentleman
alluded to the report of the Treasury Department,
that was entire; but if he alluded the other part of
the printed pages, it was not all there, but mere ex-
tracts. God lorbid that it should be all there Mr.
C said it was not fair for the gentleman from Virgi-
nia [Mr. Hor-Kiira] to charge them with doing injus-
tice because they did not make an elaborate explana-
tion of tbe items wh'ch made the aggregate of th 
expenditures in that statement   Mr. C. then spoke
at great length in reply to attacks on the principios
of General Harrison; and part cular'y tho excep-
tions which had been taken to his refusal to reply
to the interrogatcries which had been put to him to
draw out his opinions He did not consider it of
so much imnortancc that his opinions should be
kuown on one or two isolated que tions of the
thousand subjects which occupied the public mind.
Mr. C. spoke at some length on various other to-
pics, and after concluding,
Mr. McKAY obtancd the floor; wl en. on bis
motion the committee ro.se.   Then
Tbe House, at 8 o'clock, adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, April 23, 1840.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama presented the petition
of the Florida, Georgia, and Alabama Rauroad
Company, praying a further extension of time on
certain duiy bonds; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky presented a petition
from citiz-ns of Pennsylvania, praying the passage
of a general bankrupt law; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. PORTER presented the memorial of a num-
ber of citizens of Detroit, pray in; the adoption ot
measures for the pre ervaiion of the records of the
Board of Commissioners for tbe adjustment of land
titles in Deirou; which was referred to the Com-
mitiee on the Juoiciary.
Mr. LINN, from the'Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the memo-
rial of Miguel E«lava, made a favorable report
thereon, which wasoidered to be printed.
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on Com-
merce, tj which was referred the memorial of
sundry inhabitants of St. Clair, in the State of
Michigan, praying that a duty of five cents may
be imposed upon every pound of fish imported
from the Cañadas into the United Slates, said that
he ha I been instructed by the committee to ask to
be discharged from the further consideration of loo
memorial, and to move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance. The subject was one of im-
portance; but he supposed that it could not be ma-
turely or successfully acted upon until the tariff
generally should be taken up. That will and must
be done at the next session. He presumed that no
partial movement in re'ation to ¡t could succeed,
and that this memorial must take its chance with
the tariff. The motion was agreed to, and the me-
morial, properly belonging to that committee, was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SEVIER, fren the Committee on Indian
Affairs, to which had been referred the petnion of
J. L. Schoolcraft, made an adverse report thereon;
which w«s ordered to be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which had been referred the petition
of James Ware, mads an adverse report thereon;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, to which was referred the bill for altering
the time of holding the teim of the courts in the
Western D.stiict of Pennsylvania, at Williams-
port, reported the same without amendment.
On motion of Mr. W. the bill was then taken up,
conndered as in Committee of the Whole, and or-
dered to be engros>ed for a third reading.
The bi'l for the relief of Avery, Saltmanh, and
Company, was taken up, and after a discussion,
in which Messrs. SMITH of Indiana, CLAY of
Ala. LUMPKIN, TAPPAN, KING, WHITE,
and HUBBARD, participated,
Mr. TAPPAN moved to lay it on the table;
which was disagreed to—ayes 16, nays 18.
On motion of Mr. WHITE, it was recommitted
to the Committee on Claims.
The bill to amend the act entiled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act for laying off the
towns of .Fort Madison and Burlington, in the
county of Des Moines, and the towns of Belleview,
Dubuque, and Peru, in the county of Dubuque,Ter-
ritory of Wiskonsin, and for oiher purposes,'"
was taken up, on motion of Mr. YOUNG, and af-
ter being discussed, was uniformly passed over for
the present.                                        ,          ..    , M1
On motion of Mr. CLAY of Alabama, tb* Ml
