35*
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
providTJ? for the reduction and graduation of the
price of the public lands was taken up, when a
hishly animated and interesting discussion took
place, wherein Messrs. CLAY or Alabama, CLAY
of .Kentucky, WALKER, MERRICK, BENTON,
HUBBARD, WHITE, CRITTENDEN, PRES-
TON, SMITH of Indiana, CALHOUN.and others,
participated.
Mr. HUBBARD moved to strike out the third
and fourth sections of the bill; the question having
been taken, was decided in the affirmative, as fol-
io* :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Brown, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay of Keutucky, Clayton, Crittenden,
Cuthberi, Dixon, Hubbard, Lumpkin, Metrick,
Pierce, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Ruggles, Stur-
geon, Williams, and Wright—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Clay ef Alabama, Ful-
ton, Grundy, Henderson, King, Linn, Momon,
Nicholas, Norvell, Porter, Robinson, Sevier,
Smith or Indiana, 1'appao, and Walker—16
Mr. PRESTON moved to strike out the second
section, but, at lhe suggestion of Mr. Clat, li-
mited his motion to strike out that part only in lhe
section which conferred the pnv.l-'ge of purchasing
at a less price to settlers on adjacent lands.
After some furthe- debate on this motion, the
question was taken by yeas and nays, and decided
in the negative, as followi:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, MerricK, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Roane, Ruggles, and  Williams—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthberi, Fulton, Grundy, Hender-
son, Hubbard, Kin?, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton,
Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Porter, Robinson, Se-
vier, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
White, Wrisht, and Young—26.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed by the
following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Clay
of Alabama, Cu hbert, Fulton, Grundy, Hender-
son, Hubbard, Kid?, Lina, Lumpkin, Mcuton,
Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Porter, Robinson, Se-
vier, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon. Tappan, Walker,
White, Wil iams, Wright, and Yoan —27.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Ken-
tucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon, Merrick, Pren-
tiss, Preston, Roane, and Ruggles—11.
And then the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursda?, April 23, 184$.
The CHAIR announe  d that thejbusiness fi'Stin
order during the morning hour waé the following
resolution, reported, by the gentleman from Mas-
sachu-ett5, [Mr. Briggs J from the Committee on
Public Expenditures, viz:          -'
Rejeiced, That the duties o/ginally ass'gned to
the Committee on Public Exnendi'ures, by the rules
ot the House, having sintfe been transferred to
trther committees, and. the /aid Committee on Pub-
lic Expenditures having oo duties to perform, that
the tu'e for its appointment be abolished.
Mr. ADAMS, «ho*as entuled to the floor, ar-
gued generally to show why the Committee on Pub-
lic Expenditures should be continued in exigence.
He sa.d that there were, perhaps, not many mem-
bers in the House who knew better than h; did,
that a strict examination of the accounts of the se-
veial Departments was not a very agreeable thing.
Mr. A. men adverted to the cour e of argument in-
dulge! in by the gen leman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Ogle ] to which he was understood to take
exception, and to censare. He said that whei his
colleague, [Mr. Lincoln,) who, during his neces-
sary absence, permitted htm [Mr. A.] to occupy the
seal from wh ch he was now speaking, spoke in his
place, and gave an account here of the manner in
which he went to the President's house, and ex.
amined into every chair, and table, and b=d, and*
bedding, and washstand, and all the other furniture
of a bed chamber, the good feelings of his col-
league's nature could not restrain him from  saying
that it was a painful duty, and that he hoped he
should never b<  called topsrforui it again.
Mr. A. had undergone the process of examina-
tion more than once, and knew what it was-, and
hoped every member, without regard to party poli-
cy, would put the que>tion to himself, whether it
would accord with his feelings to hive his domestic
sanctuary violated by the scrutimzmz visit of a
stranger—his household, his castle—which is so ac-
knowledged to be by the common law. The conse-
quence («aid Mr A.) of the late examination of
the President's house has been exposed to this
House and to tbe nation; and, so far as re'ates to
that subject, he believed the examination nude by
his collesgue, and to which he had refened, was
made as chairman of the Committee on the Pub-
lic Buildings.
Mr. A. would recommend to the Speaker of the
House, (who had appointed the committees at this
time, and all who miglst hereafter become Speakers
of the House,) to appoint persons to perform ser-
vices of ihat nature, men of delieaie feelit gs, and
who would discharge their duty in a manner simi-
lar to thit of his colleague. Mr. A. would say to
the commi'tees who might undertake to examine
into the several Departments of trie Government:
when you go to ihe head of any Department to ex-
amine expenditures, go there with the feelings of
men, and not as party politicians; go there, consi-
dering what would be your feelings were)ou p'acel
in that siuation. If you apprehend the affairs of
any department are not properly conducted, go to
Ihe head of it, and ascerain facts. If the commit-
tees on the expenditures sf the several departments
should d<> their duty, they would be auxiliary t« the
general Committee on the Public Expenditures, and
would enable them to make more sarifac'ory re-
ports than have ever been made. Mr. A w¿uld
specify an occurrence du'ing one session, about
the year 1820 When he was at the head of the
Department of State, the Committee on the Ex-
pend.tnres of the Department of Sta'e came to that
Department, and he pointed out every article of ex-
penditure to ihem, and laid (he Kit before them,
and they inquired into the cause of them. They
also require of him a written statement of the ex-
penditures cf the Department. Mr. Wood, the
cha'rman, reported to this House, and appended
his (Mr. A's) statement to the report, which was
entire'y satisfactory to all parts of the House. If
such a thing was done at one session, why n t
(«aid Mr. A.) do it at every s-ssion ? Why not?
Why should it not be done? He believed it would
save a great deal of expense; and stated this as
his reason for the vote which he would give against
the resolution to abolish the Commutes on Public
Expenditures.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi said it was of
the utmost moment that the various reports and
bills which had been accumulating on the hands of
the several committees should be rep< ned and
acted on. The Hou?e had been detained for nearly
a week with the question unler discussion. For
himself, he was ready to vete upon it, and he be-
lieved the whole House was pepared to vote upon
it; and, theiefore, he called for the previous ques-
tion
Mr. CUSHING said that this question had been
a subject of controversy, and solemnly seit'ed at
previous Congresses, and therefore called for the
yeas and nays; which were accordingly ordered,
and resulted—yeas 6, n*y< 148
So the resolution was rejected.
On motion of Mr. JONES, the House then re-
solved itselt into Commi'tee of the Whole, (Mr.
Caset in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the civil and diplomat c appropriation bill.
Mr. McKAY, who was entitled to the floor,
made an able vindication of the Administration
from ihe charge of extravagance, which had been
alleged by the Opposition in the Houss. He ad-
vened to that part of the message of the Pieiideut
of the United S'ates, which expressed a desire for
an economical administration of the Government,
and which said that if Congress did not exce d the
estimates, that there would be a reduction of seve-
ral millions of dollars this year in the expenditures.
The chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Mean*, said Mr. McK. had told the House that
that committee had reduced the amount on some of
the items in the estimates; he thought that the pro-
bability was, that at tne end of the present session
of Corgress, the appropriations would not exceed
the estimates—that a retrenchment of some twelve
11
millions would be effected at the end of the three
years of the present Administration. This he
thought at least a guarantee that the promise of re-
trenchment was not a hollow profession; but that
it would be actually effected to that large extent.
Notwithstanding the expenditures were something
more at the present time than at the last year of the
administration of Mr. Adams, it was no proof of
extravagance. Extravagance did not consist in the
amount expended, but in the manner of the expen-
diture—whether it was legitimate and advantage-
ous to the great national interests which are pecu-
liarly committed to the fostering care of the General
Government. The expenditures in old and esta-
blished Governments ought not to increase with its
growth in population and wealth; but the case of
the Federal Government was a peculiar one. A
large portion of the country was comparatively
new, and every thing had to be created; and
therefore the expenditures mu«t, to a cer:ain
extent, keep pace with the developmrnt of the
resources ot the nation, and the consequent
wants of the Government, growing out of the rapid
increase of the popula ion or the country, and its
extension over an immense territory. By the addi-
tion of new States to the Federal Union, new wants
necessarily arise, and some augmentation of the
expenditures consequently grow out of it. Mr.
McK. then exhibited statistics, shewing that the in-
crease in the expenditures, in proportion to the de-
velopment of the resources of the nation, new wants
by the addition of States and increase of population,
had been less since General Jackson came into
power, than prior to the end of Mr. Adams's admi-
nistration. He also adverted to statistics showing
the progressive incieise in the expenses of the
State Governments, particularly the States of New
York, Pennsylvania, and Maryland, and that such
increase had been rapid and regular from year to
year, more so than that of the National Govern-
ment, without even taking into the account the
enormous debts incurred by the States for conduct-
ing their works of internal improvement. The mere
fact of the increase of the amount of expenditure ,
if laid out constitutionally and beneficially, was
not proof of extravagance. To carry out the views
above taken in relation to the progressive increase
which was inevitable and unavoidable, fr«m the
extension of the Union, Mr. McK. adveited to the
Post Office Department, and the great amount ne-
cessary to carry on i s operations. This Depart*
men! derived nothing from the Government for its
support; yet, since the administraiion of Mr.
Adam-, the $5,000,000 in round numbers necessary
to carry on its operations, have to pass through the
Treasury, and be appropriated in the bill be-
fore the House, and thus to that amount ap-
parently contributed to swell the expenditures
of the Government, without in fact constituting any
part of it. If the Whig argument wascorrect,that in-
crease in the expenditures was proof cf extrava-
gance, why there was great extravagance in this
Department. The rates of postage remained the
same as they were at the time of Mr. A Mams, and
vet its revenues have swelled to near $5 000,000.
But during he administration of that gentleman,
the revenue of the Department was only $1,600,000.
He. asked if there was a gentleman belonging to
the Opposition in the House, who had the boldness
to rise in his place and assert that the disbursement
of this large sum of money was proof of extrava-
gance. Look at the great increase given to the
mail facilities throughout the country—the great
increase in the post offices from about seven thou-
sand to near fourteen thousand. And all this, too,
effected without a single dollar of increase of
taxes on the people. This shows the great develop-
ment of ihe resources of the nation, and the wants
consequent, and increased appropriat ons necessary .
to supply such wants. The gentlemen in the Op-
position, in their desire to throw the responsibility
of the increase of expenditures upon the Executive
Department of the Government, lose sight of the
fact, that the President cannot originate money
bills, or add any thing to the burdens of the appro-
priations, or take them off. Congress alone has
that power, and is, therefore, responsible to the
people for the amount of money taken from th<>ir
pockets.   The President has no control over the
