CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
355
directed to lay before the Senate a statement of the
names of banks in which spec al deposites in specie
were made to the credit of the Treasurer of the
United States, m anticipation of receiving therefor
Treasury notes issued under the acts of J837, J838,
and 1839; and a monthly statement of the amount
of Treasury notes delivered on account of having
received ceit.ficates of such special deposites, spe-
cifying the date and amount of the first of such
Treasury notes sodelivtred, with the rates of inte-
rest of such Treasury notes, and the names of the
persons or banks to whom the same were
delivered Also, a statement of the amount
remaining in each of such banks to the raid
Treasurer at the date of the first of such certi-
ficates issued by such bank And also, a monthly
statenent of the amount of all other deposites to
the credit of said Treasurer, m such banks for
each month, dunng the period between the date of
such first certificate and the date of the payment
of such Treasury notes. Also, a monthly statement
of the aggregate amount of drafts drawn against
such special or other deposites in each month dur-
ing such period: staling th? transactions with each
bank in a separate account. And, also copies of
all correspondence between the Department and
snch banks, and any person or persons, preceding
and accompanying the making such special depo-
sites, as first above named, and relating thereto, or
the delivery of such Treasny notes
Mr. BENTON submitted the foHowirg resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to: ~
Resolved, That the Secretary ot the Treasury re
pirt to the Senate the aggregate amount of all ex-
penditures or payments of everv kind from the
Treasury in each year, from 1824 to 1839 inclu-
sive, m one column; and in another column, for
each year, the aggregate amount, independent of
the payments on account of the public debt, whether
funcL'd or unfunded; and in a third column the ag-
gregate amount for permanent and ord nary pur-
poses, excluding payments oa account of ob-
jects either extraordinary or temporary—such
as the public deb', trust funds and indem-
nities, claims of S ates for war del ts or 3
per cents, on lands so'd, rccas onat donr-
tions in money to objects in the Di&tnct of Co'um-
bia or otherwis;, survey of the coast, taking the cen-
sus, duties refundid, the exploring expedition, and
materials collected for the gradual improvement of
the navy, durable public buildings of all kinds,
bridges and fortifications, all roads, canals, break-
waters and improvements in rivers and harbors,
arming militia and forts, all pensions exc*pt those
to invalids, and the purchases of life to lands from
Indian*, the removal of Indians and the ware, with
such other payments as may have been made m
those years for property lost or injuries comrm ted
during any hostilities.
Mr. NORVELL submitted the following resolu-
tion, which was considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee en C mmerce be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
modifying the laws regulating the drawback if
duty upon foreign merchandise imported nt> the
United States, that such goods, transported from
the Atlant c ports within and through the States,
and re-exported from any port in the United States,
situate upon the Upper St. Lawrence and the lakes,
to any port or p'are in the British possesions, up-
on those waters, shill be entitled to the same privi-
leges of drawback as similar merchandise re-ex-
ported from an At'antic port to a foreign country.
Mr. "WHITEsubmitted the follow.ng resolution:
Rtsohed, That the Secretary of Wat te diree'ed
to report whether it is practicable to construct, at a
small expense, temporary piers for the tc:ommo-
dation and security ol tr^de and commerce at the
towns of Racine End Southport, on the western
shore of Lake Mich gan; and, if so, that he submit
a plan of said works, and the probable cost thereof.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill for altering the terms of holding the
terms of the Feder.il courts m the Western dis-
trict of Pennsylvania at Wilhamsport, was read
a third time, and passed.
The btll providirg for the reduction and gradua-
tL0n°f the price of the public lands, was read a
third tim , and passed by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. All n, Anderson, Benton, Bu-
chanan, Clay of Alabama, Cuthbett, Fulton, Grun-
dy, Henderson, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Porter, Robin-
son, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon, Tap-
pan, Walker, White, Williams, Wright, and
Young—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Calhoun, Claytou.Cnt-
tenden, Dixon, Knight, Merrick, and Preston—8.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The following bills were taken up, considered as
in Committee of the Whole, and ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading:
Bill for the rel ef ef Joseph Basset.
Bill for the relief of John S. Billings.
Bill for ihe relief of Henry Wilson.
Bill for the relief of John Compton, assignee and
representative of Gamgues Flaujac.
Bui for the relief of George de Passau, of Louisi-
ana.
Bill for the relief of N. G. Hamilton.
Eill for the relief of Samuel Lord.
Bill for the relief of Tyler Spafford.
Bill for the relief of Casoer W. Wever.
Bill for the relief of Mary Neal, widow of Sa-
muel Neal, deceased.
Bill for the relief of Jacob Pennell and others,
owners of the Eliza, of Brunswick.
Btll for the relief of Francis A. Harrison.
BJ1 for ihe relief of Jean Baptiste Comeau.
Bill for the relief of the legal representative or
repre entatives of Pierre BonhoTime.
Bid for the relief of the legal representatives of
John Scott.
Bi 1 granting a pre emption right to Enoch
Evans.
Bill confirming the claim of the he rs of Joseph
Thompson, deceased, to a tract of land in Mis-
souri.
Bill for   the relief of Thomas P Copes.
Bill for the relief of Samuel Mackay.
Bill for ihe relief of the legal representatives of
Aaron Vail, deceased, late consul at L'Onent.
Btll for the relief of Alfred P. King.
Bill for the relief of Henry Lucas.
Bill granting a pension to Pamela Allen, widow
of Samuel Alien, a soldier of the Revolution.
Bill for the relief of the legal representatives of
Geo'ge Duval, and others.
Bill foi the relief of Jubal B. Hancock.
Bill for the relief of Charles McKinzie.
Bill for the relief of James H. Relfe.
Bill for the relief of 1 homas and Ralph Has-
kms.
Bill for the relief of Francib Laventure, Ebene-
zer Childs, and Linus Thompson.
The further consideration of the following bills
was indefinitely postponed:
Bill for the relief of Jamss Tongue, and the ad-
ministrator of William Hodson.
Bill for the relief of Zichanah and Robert W.
Williams.
The following bills from the House were consi-
dered as in Committee of the Whole, and ordered
to a third reading-
An act for the relief of Richard Booker and
others.
An act for the relief of Thomas W. Taylor.
An act for the relief of Gamaliel E. Smith.
An act for the relief  r John T. Addoms, execu-
tor of John Addoms.
An act for the relief of Me g? D. Benjamin and
others.
An act fcr the re'ief of William Wickham.
An act for the relief of George Willis.
An act for the re'ief of Robert Milnor and John
Thompson.
An act for the rel ef of Nathan Levy.
An act to author.ze James Alexander to rehn-
qmsh a tract of land, anl to locate other land in
lieu thereof.
An act for the relief cf James Brewer, of Ohio.
An act for the relief of James L Cochran.
An act for the relief of the heirs and legal re-
presentatives of John Grimball, senior.
The following bills from the House were con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole, and their
further consideration indefinitely postponed:
An act for the relief of Lewi? H. Bates and Wil-
liam Lacon.
An act for the relief of James W. O.borne.
An act for the relief of Samuel D. Walker, of
Baltimore.
An act for the relief of Josias Thompson, Super-
intendent of the Cumberland road between Browns-
ville and Wheeling.
An act for the relief of Benjamin C. Roberts.
An act for the relief of Garret Vleit.
An act for the relief of James Cox.
An act for the relief of William Bailey, survivor
of Bailey and Delord.
An act for the relief of the owners ef the schooner
Three Brothers.
An act to amend the act entitled "An act for lh«
relief of Chauncey Calhoun," passed March 3,
1839.
An act for the relief of Zachanah Jelhson.
An act for the relief of John Howe.
An act for the relief of Nicholas Hedges.
And then, having disposed of the private bills on
their calendar,
The Senate adjourned nil Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, April at, 1840
The SPEAKER announced that the first business m order
was the resolution reported by the chairman of tbe Committee
on the Public Buildings, [Mr Lincoln,1 in relation to procur-
ing a chandelier for the Halls of the House.
Mr PETR1KIN said the chairman of the committee was ab-
sent, and, if there was any opposition, he would ask the House
to postpone the consideration of the resolution until his return.
He was not aware that any objection would be made to it. He
considered it as a matter ol economy to procure a chandelier,
and also as important m regard to the health of members, the
smoke and carbon generated by candles having a deleterious
effect. Mr P would not w ish the motion to postpone to be
put, unless objection should be made to the consideration of the
resolution at this time
Mr W C JOHNSON said, as one who had long been in the
House, he would not object, and should vote for the chandelier
to be suspended in the Hall
Mr PETRtKIN would state one thing for the information of
the House Therhauman, if he were present, could prove that
a chandelier would be much cheaper than candles The com-
mittee were unanimous in then rp|iort as to the fact stated
Mr W C JOHNSON would state one fact which came un-
der hisobservation when he wason the Committee of Accounts.
Whenever candles were hghted, and but partly burnt, they
were not again used, and a loss was occasioned thereby almost
equal to the expense of a chandehei
The question was then taken and the resolution was adopted
The SPriAKLR then called upon the set eral committees for
reports, when
Mr RUSSELL, from the Committee of Claims, made unfa-
vorable reporta on the cases of Matthew J Keith, James W.
Anderson, and Joseph P and Joseph W Johnson; which re
ports were ordered to lie on the table
Mr R from the same committee, reported back to the House,
without amendment, bill fiom the Senate entitled "An act for
the relief of George W Paschal "
Also reported back to the House, without amendment, Senate
bill entitled "An act for the relief of Charles M Keller and
Henry Stone, and Senate bill entitled "An act for the relief of
E W and II Smith which were severally committed to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
Mr MALLORY, from the same committee, made an unfa
vorable report on the case of Brilton Evans, which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr BANKS, from the samoeommittee, made an unfavora-
ble report on the case of William Jennings, executor of John 8
Westwood, which was ordered to lie on the table
Mr COR WIN, from the Committee on the Public Lands,
reported a billto extend certain land districts, which was read
twice, and committed
On motion of Mr CORWIN,
Ordered, That the Committee on the public lands be dis-
charged frora the further consideration of the following cases,
viz The petitions of Hugh Riddle, of Alexander Grant, of citi-
zens of Green county, Ohio, respecting school lands, of Henry
Brandenburg, of William Davis, Charles H Smith, Benjamin
Pegg, Thomas Richmond, Bnce Wilson, and the petition of the
president and directors of the Portsmouth and Columbus turn-
pike company of Ohio and of the State of Ohio, in behalf of
said company  severally ordered to he on the table
Mr REYNOLDS, from the same committee, reported a bil I
to amend an act entitled "An act to grant a quantity of land to
the Territory of Wiskonsin for the purpose of aiding in opening
a canal to connect the waters of Lake Michigan with those of
Rock river," which bill w^sread twice
Mr JACOB THOMPSON, from the same committee, report-
ed back to the House, with an amendment, Senate bill enti-
tled "An act to relinquish to the Sate of Mississippi the two
per cent hind accruing by the act of the admission of said State
into the Union," which was committed
Mr T from the same committee, reported a bill amendatory
to the act entitled "An act to carry into effect in the States of
Alabama and Mississippi, the existing compacts with those
States in regard to the five per cent fund and the school reser
vations," and for other purposes, which was read twice, and
committed
Mr T from the same committee, reported a bill to «h™"™
certain purchasers ol the public lands under the act of the l*«n
June, 1S34, when was read twice, and committed        ..     v,„
Mr   HUBBARD, from the same committee, ' r*f edpf" ™
the House, with an amendment, Senate bill entitled   An «
authonz ng the President of the United States to caussjhej^
served lead mines belonging to the United States, ir,i jn  ,
States and Territories, to be sold as other publK un«.
