360
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2B3SSE
and make chaises against an individual, unsupported by evi-
dence, if aoy "ini^cieMcy existed in that office, it was at the
last period of Mr. Anderson's service;" when,
Mr. Bell rose, and inquired whether any corrupt conduct
was imputed to Mr. Anderson.
Mi. Wagbkbr promptly replied, most assuredly not. Ilia
inefficiency was imputed to his infirmities and old age.
Mr. Bell made no inquiry as to the conduct of Mr. Barker.
So far from Mr. W. or the minority of the Swartwout com-
mittee, imputing any want of energy to Mr. Barker, they, on
the contrary, exculpate him from any blame, and accord to
him. in connection with the late Solicitor of the Treasury,
much praise for their laborious investigations into the defalca-
tions ot'Mr. Swartwout, (at the city ot New York,) as soon as
suspicion was excited of his enormous peculations.
Mr. DAWSON said, ii the gentleman from Pennsylvania
supposed the majority report contained any charges against the
Comptroller not sustained by evidence, he was mistaken. The
report charged that officer with culpable disregard of law; and
he could show that the charge was fully substantiated. Mr. O.
then read the laws applicable to the office of Comptroller, and
contended that if the present incumbent had regirded those
laws, the defalcations of Swartwout might have been checked.
He wished to be distinctly understood as making no charge of
corruption against the present officer, hut as blaming him only
for not enfoicing the law; in doing which, however, he. was
merely following the example of his predecessor. Mr. G. in
the course of his remarks, stated that every gentleman in the
Treasury Department with whom he had conversed, had admit-
ted that ii the accounts with Swartwout had been kept up, in ac-
cordance with law, the defalcations must speedily have been
discovered.
clerk in the Land Office, at a salary of 51200 a year, and that
he larmed the office to soma individual for $800 a year, while he
was employed as a Reporter for the Globe.   Now, all he knew
was, that Mr. Washington   stood    high wherever  he was
known, as a gentleman whose character and integrity could
not lie surpassed.   He had known Mr. Washington for some
time, and he felt it his duty to say that his conduct was correct,
and his actions influenced by some of the noblest feelings that
adorn our nature.   He would vouch for it, that the character of
that individual was equ.il to that of the gentleman from North
Carolina in honesty and integrity.   Mr. S. then referred the
member from Nort'i Carolina to a statement published by Mr.
Washington in relation to this matter, and which, Mr. S. under-
stood, declared that the substitute who performed the duties in
the Land Office recived every dollar of the salary.
Mr. PCTRIKIN was oppjssd to this m >de of attacking indi-
viduals upsn the fljor. Ii there was any thing wrong, the pro-
per course would ha to have a fair investigation. The Com-
mittee on the Public Expenditures, which was composed of a
majority of Whigs, have full power to attend to such matter.
If there be any thing wrong, let them investigate and conect it,
Mr. JAMBá GaKLAND felt himself calledupon, as an act
of justice to Mr. Washington, to say, upon the authority of the
Recorder of the Land Office, that that gentleman does not re-
ceive one cent from the Government. His place has been filled
by another gentleman, of efficiency and ability, who receives the
full salary attachod to the office. He could also certify to the
ability and highuiindedness ofMr. Washington.
Mr. BANKS knew but very little about this business, but he
thought hi'uself authorized to say, from the information he had
received, that Mr. W. was not, in fact, a clerk in the Land Office,
njr did he receive a cent from the Government as clerk.
Mr. RAMSEY did not approve these discussions got up on an
appropriation bill. In relation to Lund Washington, he knew
nothing about him, and he cared as little. If gentlemen ima-
gined tnere was any thing wrong, let these charges be investi-
gate.!, and he would willingly co-operate with them. But he
was opposed to this mode of bringing up individuals before the
House. He believedj from what he had heard, that this Lund
Washington was an Jionorab'e and estimable man, and he hoped
the gentleman from Noith Carolina would see the impropriety
of bringing charges, without accompanying them with proof.
If there was any suspicion of wrong in any quarter, the only
proper mode was, in the first place, to investigate the charges,
and not present them to the House upon mere rumor.
There were also charge  intimated against a high and worthy
Mr. PETRIKIN defended the Comptroller, who, he said, was
appointed but two months before Swartwout was turned out|of
office. The defalcations of Swartwout had commenced years
before the present Comptroller came into office; they began as
fat back as 1832. The gentleman from Georgia had disclaimed
any charge of corruption against the Comptroller, but had, at
the same time, charged him with a culpable neglect of duty.
What was that but corruption? Mr. P. then went on to show
how very easy it was to make a charge on the floor against an
individual who had no chance of defending himself. As for the
present Comptroller, he had kuown him lor years, as an honest,
upright man—yes, as honest as any gentleman on the floor.
The Comptroller might not, perhaps, be quite so good in point
of talent as some members, but he was far better in point ol ho-
nesty. [Laughter.] But the Swartwout committee not only
made bun shoulder the blame of his predecessor, but saddled
him with the whole crimes of Swaitwout and his coadjutors,
the banks. Mr. P. then alluded to the manner in which the in-
vestigating committee was appointed. He denounced It as a
par.y affair, and complained that the report was kept back until
within a few days before the session closed, so that the falsity of
its charges could not be shown. Other gentlemen might act as
they pleased, but for himself, he would never make a charge
against any man on ex parte evidence.
Mr. DaWSON explained that, during the investigation, he
had derived much valuable information from Mr. Barker;
and he would repeat that he did not impute to him any thing
like corruption, but an unintentional disiegard of the law. Mr.
I), then read extracts from the majority report, showing, from
the Comptroller's answers to interrogatories, that he himself ad-
mitted the impossibility of fraud on the part of Swartwout, had
the proper checks provided by law been put in force.
After some further delme of a desultory character, the ques-
tion was taken on the motion to strike out, and it was negatived.
Mr STANLY then moved to strike out the compensation to
the First Auditor of the Tieasury; and the question being
taken, the motion was disagreed to without a count—when the
paragraph for makine appropriations to compensate the clerk 
in the General Land Office was read by the Clerk.
Mr. STANLY wished ;o ask Mr. Jones whether Lund Wash-
ineton wa* still a clerk of' the Treasury Department.
Mt. JONES replied that there were some hundreds of clerks
ifí lije Oepar-tmauts, and that he had not the pleasure of know.
jog many of them.   He was understood to say that he was un-
able to 6ay whether Mr. Washington was a clerk or not.
Mr. STANLY then made some further remarks in relation to
Mr. Washington, who, he contended, had been a Clerk in the
Land Office, and was one of the Reporters of the Globe at the
same time.
Mr. ALBERT SMITH said ha understood the gentleman
from North Carolina to infer that this Mr. Washington was a
officer of the Treasury. As to the official transactions of that
gentleman, he knew comparatively nothing; but he would say
that any charge, impeaching him with r.ulpahle neglect, he
weuld denounce as without foundation. He would meet these
charges here at the threshold, and defy gentlemen to prove
them. He appealed to the House and to the country to say
whether it was fair for gentlemen to be attacked here, befoie
they had been even notified of the charges, or hadan opportu-
nity of being heard in their own defence. Gentlemen seemed
to know a great deal about these defalcations; but as regarded
that officer, they had searched in vain, for they had found
nothing against him. He would ask, who it was that commit-
ted these fraudsl He would tell them that the offenders were
members of their own party, and that Swartwout was one of
their own men; yes, that man, after all had been said, was of
their own party, and had been named by them as a candidate
for the Vice Presidency.
Mr. STANLY replied at some length, and, in the course of
his remarks, denied that Swartwout was nominated for the
Vice Presidencv by the Whig party.
Mr. RAMSEY referred Mr. S. to the New York Courier and
Enquirer, for the purpose of proving that Swartwout had been
nominated by a portion of the Whig party. He referred to the
time when Swartwout was ordered to collect the public dues
in specie only, but which order he disregarded, and received
instead the worthless trash of bank paper.
Did the Administration laud him for that? No. But he
was praised by the Whigs, and he acted with them, as the New
York Courier would show.
After some brief remarks from Messrs. GENTRY, POPE,
and RAMSEY, the question was taken on the motion to strike
out, and it was rejected.
Mr. STANLY moved to strikeout from the item making ap-
propriation for the contingent expenses of the Solicitor of the
Treasury, 4500 for the purchase of a law library for the use
of that office.
A debate ensued, in which Messrs. STANLY, JONES of
Virginia, DAVIS of Kentucky, JAMES GARLAND, EVER-
ETT, CU3HING, FILLMORE, PETRIKIN, ADAMS,
EVANS, McKAY, and GRAVES participated; when
Mr. STANLY demanded tellers on the question of striking
out; and Messrs. Hopkins and Davis of Pennsylvania having
been appointed as each, reported—ayes 60, noes 44; no quorum
voting.
The committee rose, and the chairman reported that fact to
the House.
Mr. STANLY moved a call of the House.
Mr. VANDERPOEL raised a question of order, by way of
inquiry whether it was the duty of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the state of the Union, under all circumstances,
when found without a quorum, to rise; and whether he had
no means to ascertain whether there was a quorum of the com-
mittee.
Mr. CASEY, the chairman,said there was no other means
by which the chairman could ascertain whether there was a
quorum, except by the members passing through tellers; that
had been done, and no quorum having voted, it was the impe-
rative duty of the chairman to rise ana report that fact to the
House.
Mr. BRIGGS having called for the opinion of the Speaker
n relation to the duties of the committee under the circum-
stances above alluded to.
The SPEAKER stated his opinion in substance, that when
the committee found itself without a quorum, it was poweiless,
and in conformity to its past practice, should rise and report
that fact to the House,
The SPEAKER then counted the House to ascertain whether
there was a quorum; and there being 127 members present,
The House then resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, Mr. Cabby in the chair, and resumed
the consideration of the civil and diplomatic appropriation
The question was then taken en striking out, as proposed by
Mr. Stanley, and agreed to—ayes 73, noes 57.
Mr. TR1PLETT moved to reduce the contingent expeoses of
the Secretary of War, from $3,000 to 32,500; and after a few re-
marks from Messrs. GRAVES and DROMGOOLE, the amend-
ment was rejected without a count.
Mr. GIDDINGS proposed an amendment requiring the
heads of the several Departments to present annually,in delail,
estimates of the contingent expenses; and after a few remarks
by Messrs. JONES ol Virginia and R. GARLAND, showing
that it would be impracticable; and by Mr. GIDDINGS in fa-
vor of the amendment, on the ground that it was absolutely ne-
cessary to save the time of the House by preventing discus-
sion when the appropriation bill is under consideration, the
amendment was rejected without a count.
Mr. R.GARLAND moved to strike out "the compensation
of extra clerks, when employed in the War Department, three
thousand dollars;" and after a debate, in which Messrs.
JONES of Virginia, JENIFER, BELL, CONNOR, PETIK1N,
R. GARLAND, and STANLY participated,
Mr. PROFFIT obtained the floor, and spoke at some length
in defence of the Whig party, as connected with the question of
Abolition. He denied that the Whigs and Abolitionists were
identical as a party—but that the Abolitionists belonged to both
political parties; or, if they existed as a party at all, they ex-
isted asan independent party. The Whig party, it had been
said, were made up of discordant mateiials. He admitted that
it was made up ef men possessing different principles, but who
were willing to merge all minor differences of opinion for the
great common purpose of breaking down this Administration.
He was understood to say that he would rally on any man,
whatever his principles, to effect that s;reat purpose. He ex-
amined the pretensions of General Harrison to the Presidency,
as compared with those of Mr. Van Buren, contending that the
claims of the former were superior to the latter.
Mr GOODE followed, and, in the course of his remarks, ex-
amined the character of the Treasury Note bill, contending that
it was not constitutional. He was arguing that the Sub-Trea-
sury system was as much in conflict with popular rights as the
banking system. He was about proceeding into an examina-
tin  of its principies, wh«n
Mr. VANDERPOEL made a point of order. The bill before
the committee was the civil and diplomatic appropriation bill;
and the gentleman was discussing the Sub-Treasury bill. He
therefore called the gentleman to order for irrelevancy of de-
The CHAIR said that he "had, at an early part of the discus-
sion on this bill, when the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Wellbr]'
was called to order for discussing this very question, promptly
decided that he was not in order; but the committee thought
proper not to sustain the Chair. As the question was, how-
ever, again raised, he must say that the gentleman from Ohio
was not in order to Indulge in this irrelevancy of debata. As he
was called upon to decide, he must say that the gentleman was
out of order; and after a few remarks from Messrs. VANDER-
POEL, BROWN of Tennessee, and DAWSON,
Mr. L. WILLIAMS appealed from the decision of the Chair
on the ground that the House went into Comittee on the state of
the Union generally; and particularly the bill before it. The
gentleman was therefore perfectly in order in the latitude of
discussion he had taken.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama said it was the understanding
that the utmost lattitude would be allowed to this bill, and
hoped that the gentleman would withdraw his point oforder;
but on some other bill, the first that should come up, he was
determined that irrelevancy of debate should be prevented; and
he would raise the question of order, if no other person thought
proper to do so.
The question being on the appeal, the committee was divided;
and there were—ayes 49, noes 25; and no quorum voting,
The committee rose, and the chairman reported that fact to the
Mr L. WILLIAMS moved that the House adjourn; but the
yeas and nays having been ordered, he withdrew the mo-
On motion of Mr. STANLY, a call of the House was or-
dered, and having been proceeded in until 122 members an-
swered to their names, all further proceedings in the same was
dispensed with.   A quoi um being present,
The House again resolved itself into committee, and resumed
the consideration of the civil and diplomatic bill.
The question being on the appeal, and Messrs. Carter and
Davis of Indiana, havins been appointed tellers to take a count
reported—ayes 86, noes 22: no quorum having voted.             ,
The committee again rose, and the chairman reported that
fact to the House.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moveda call of the House.
Mr. R GARLAND moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. WELLER demanded the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered, and were—yeas 32, nays 89.
Mr. GOODE intimated to the House that he would not trou.
ble the committee with any further remarks, and hoped the
House would again go into committee, and dispose of the bill.
Mr. ADAMS did not think it was proper, after so much irre-
levancy of debate as had been indulged in by other members,
that the gentleman from Ohio should be put down. He moved
that the House adjourn.
The Sl'EAKER decided the motion was not in order, no ac-
tion having been had by the House since the question was taken
on the motion to adjourn.
The House again went into committee, and resumed the con-
si deration of the bill.
The question being on the appeal, both the appeal and the
point of order were withdrawn; when
Mr. GOODE finished his argument in relation to the Sub-
Treasury bill, and gave notice that he intended, when that bill
came up for consideration, to go moie into detail.
Mr. OGLE rose, and was addressing the committee in relation
to the furniture in the President's House, and by way of expla-
nation and reply to the two gentlemen from Massachusetts,
[Messrs. Lincoln and Adams, J and the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Jameson,] who attacked his former remarks on that
subject; but, before he proceeded far,
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi rose to a point of erder.
He called the gentleman to order for irrelevancy of debate;
and put it to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Oolb,]
whether it comported with his dignity, and hie sense of what
was due to the committee, after already occupying three days
in discussing this question on thobill now under consideration,
to indulge in a debate of this character at this late hour (12}
o'clock.)
The CHAIR again reiterated his former decision—that the
gentleman was out of order.
Mr. OGLE was about proceeding, but
Mr. PARRIS objected to his proceeding without permission
of the committee.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS appealed from the dec'sion of the Chai*;
and
The question being, "Shall the decision of the Cbaíb stand,
as thejudgment of the committee!" tellers were called for to-
take account, and Messrs. Lincoln ard Parris having been ap-
pointed such, reported ayes 79, i.oes 34; and no quorum
voting,
The committee rose!  nd
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair,
The chairman of the committee reported that fact to the
House.
Mr. PARRIS moved a call of the House.
Mr. WILLIAM B. CALHOUN moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the yeas and nays; which having
been ordered, were—yeas 34, nays 85.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. DUNCAN moved a call of the Douse; which was or-
dered; and having been proceeded in till 114 members answered
to their names.
Mr. FILLMORE said experience had taught him that all at-
tempts to compel the attendance of members, and to forre ques-
tions, ateuch an unseasonable hour, proved abortive; he there-
fore hoped, by universal consent, the Houue would agree to ad-
journ, with that understanding, by oil parties, that the question
should be taken on the bill to-morrow. He accordingly made
that motion to adjourn.
Mr. DROMGOOLE demanded the yeas and nays; which bar-
ing been ordered,
Mr. FILLMORE withdrew his motion.
The call was then proceeded in until 123 gentleman an-
swered to their names; and inelist ol absentees having been
called over for excuses, the following gentlemen were excused
for various reasons, viz: Messrs. Andrews of Kentucky
Marvin, Anderson of Kentucky, Biddlx, W. O. Btrr-
leh, Camfhsii, ol Tennessee. Mark a. Coopsr, ProtTITi
