CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361
■-- -^—-" -——' ■ -—■—■ ' "■-----------------------------------------------------------
Dates, Fletcher, Granger, Hall, Hook, Jomhson of Ten
new*, Lawrence, MoCulloch, Medill, Naylor, Parmen
tkr. Pbok, Pope, Raynbr, Chas Sbeppard, Reed, Smith of
Indiana, Taliaferro, Tdrney, Underwood, S Williams,
Rhbtt, Bynum, White of L luisiano, Everett, Petrikin.
The House refused to excuse the following gentlemen, vif¡
Meesra. Anderson, Jotson Alls , Bond, Botts, Briggs,
Brown, Carroll, Clark, Craí>ston, Curtis, Garret Davis,
Hopkins, Kbim, Marvin, Montanya, Strong, Stewart,
Thompson of South Carolina,  Wise,  Worthinoton,   and
FlCXBHS
Mr DAWSON suggested that it would be better to adjourn
now, with the understanding that the question should be taken
on to-morrow. He, therelore, moved all lurther proceedings
in the call be dispensed with
Mr DUNCAN demanded the yeas and nays; which liav-
in" been ordered, the question was taken, and disagreed to.
Mr LINCOLN said there were items in the bill which
would necessarily create discussion; and it was obvious that
the bill could not be got out of committee to night, he tlierefore
renewed the motion to suspend all further proceedings in the
call
Mr McKAY hoped gentlemen would see the reasonableness
of the proposition of tue gentleman from Massachusetts He
hojied the suggestion would be acted upon.
Mr FILLMORE meved that the House adjourn.
Mr. STEENROD demanded the yeas and nays; which hav-
ing been ordered, the motion to adjourn was withdrawn.
Mr MONTGOMERY said that, on all former occasions, he
had protested against undeistandings of this kind; and he did
so on the present occasion
Mr STANLY also protested.
The question was then taken on the motion to suspend all
further proceedings in the call, and decided in the negative.
Mr. STANLY hoped the House would adiourn, and meet
again in the morning. He did not see what good could be ef-
fected by remaining t ere. He had several amendrrenU which
he thought it his duty to offer.
Mr DAVIS of Indiana moved that the absentees be sent for
and taken into the custody of the Sergeant at-Arms
Mr. DAWSON appealed to the chairman of Ways and
Means whether his experience did not teach him that it
would be impossible to get members there before four o'clock,
when a call was ordered under such circumstances
Mr. JUNEa agreed that we might not get the members there
befare four o'clock But he was satisfied that, unlesstheydub-
muied to privations, they would never get through with the
public business
Mr CUSH1NG suggested that it would be very improper to
continue the call, and drag members from their beds to decide
upon a point of order. If the House consented now to adjourn,
that qu-suon would not come up before one o'clock; at which
time the members would be in a good humor He appealed to
tb.3 House whether a quorum could be procured helore six
o'clock Even then nothing could be gained by it, as the House
must shortly afterwards adjourn to enablejnembera to seek
that repose of which they have been so unnecessarily deprived
Mr. BOYD moved the previous question on the motion to
send for the absent members; which was seconded, and the
mam question ordered
Mr. CUSHING hoped that the motion might be put in writing,
so that there might be a regular and legal call. The call oi-
deredon recent occasions was not legal
Mr. DAWSON moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 35, uays 6". So the House re-
fused to adjourn
The question then recurring on the motion to send for the
absent members,
Mr FILLMORE suggested a modification of the motion so as^
to require that the Sargeant-at-Arms should produce the absent
members by ten o'clock In the morning, to which time he
hoped the House would have a recess.
On motion of Mr THOMAS of Maryland, the yeas and nays
having been ordered on the motion to suspend the motion to
send for the absent members, were—yeas 57, nays 37. So the
House determined to send for the absent members.
Mr GRAVES said it was evidently impossible to get through
this bill in twelve hours; and moved to leconsider the vote^to
compel the attendance of members.
Mr. WELLER moved the previous question on that motion;
which was not seconded.
Mr. PEIRIKINsaidashe had been excused, he would, as
an impartial man, move to reconsider the vote; and that the
Sergeant at-Arms be authorized to compel the attendance of
members at 10J oclock, and that the House take a recess till that
hour.
Mr. RIVES thought it was unnecessaiy to move a reconside-
ration, lie was in favor of compe ling not only those who were
absent on the first call, but all those who had answered to their
names and subsequently absented themselves.
Mr BANKS thought it would be bettor that the Sergeam-ar
Arms be instructed to have the absentees forthcoming at 11
o'clock. He did not wish to avoid the rule by such suggestion,
but to have it executed. He thought it would be better to re-
consider the former vote, and adopt a resolution to compel the
attendance of the members at that hour
After a few remarks by Mr. GRAVES,
Mr DILLET said he felt some indignation that the gentleman
several hours ago did not agree to suspend the proceedings in
t is matter. As they were unwilling then, he was perfectly
willing u> let them work it out their own way. Let those who
were so strenuous seme three hours ago, pursue the call, and
see what they can make of it
Mr. STANLY moved the previous question on the motion to
reconsider; which was seconded, and the main question or-
dered
Mr. DUNCAN demanded the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered, and were—yeas 45, nays 50
So the House refused to reconsider the order to compel the
attendance of members
Mr RIVES moved that the House take a recess un ll 11
o'clock
Mr. CUSH1NG sn< muted to the Ciure, ai a po nt of order,
that the mot on of the ¿entleman from Virginia [Mr Rives]
was not in oiler, the Hume being m the proo-Jsof et.ee mingan
order for a call of the House.
The SPEiKER, in reply to the question of order laised by
Mr. Cfbhinu, said that a motion to adjourn was at all tunes in
order.
Mr. CTjSHING submitted that there was a difference between
a recess and an-adjournment.
Mr KEMBLE moved that the House adjourn
Mr DUNCAN demanded the yeas and nays, which having
been ordered, \v ere—j eas 22, nays 65
So the House reluseJ to adjourn
Mr  RIVES moved to take a iccess till lOe'clock
Mr   CUSHING raised a point ol order    The House must
either continue or suspend the call    It could adjourn, but not
take a recess
The SPEAKER decided that the motion was not In order
Mr HOLLEMANaigned that it was in order, and took an ap-
peal from the decision ot the Speaker
Messis DROMGOOLE and CUSHING supported the deci-
sion of the Chair in a lew remarks, when
Mr DUNCAN said that the House was told eve y day that
the Administration had a majoiuy, yet it would be seen that a
a minority had as much piwir as that nujoiity It can render
the majoiuy powerless by the coulee ol proceeding a'opted
this night, and defeat action on the pu1 lie business The power
of this mmoruy «as a negative one, which was equal to a
positive power. Ihe circurratances of the country imperi
ously demand that this bill shall be passed The public ser
vice is suflsrmg throughou'tvery branch, and he was anxious
that the country should know what party u was that was now
delaying auion on the public business
After a few remarks in oppositwn to the decision of the
Chair,
Mr DAVIS of Indiana moved the previous question on the
appeal; which having been seconded, the mam question was or-
dered, which main question was, "Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Housel" and the said ques-
tion havins been put, ihe decision was sustained
Mr FILLMORE mqu'redif it was morder soto re orderthe
call as to compel the attendat ce   f those who left the hall after
having answered to their names when the roll was first called
The CHAiR decided that it was not in order to have two calls
at ihe same time
Mr FILLMORE took an appeal from that decision of the
Chair
Mr LINCOLN advened to former piecedents in opposition
to the opinion of the Chair, that all who absented themselves
after having ant-weredtotr-eir names when the roll was called,
weie included in the older, and compe!l d to attend This was
done by first calling over the names seam
AfterafvWiemaiksby Messrs BANKS and LEWIS WIL-
LIAMS,
Mr GRAVES said no good ciuld grow out of th's proceed
mg, and moved a'l fua'.er actum in the same be dispensed
with
Mr HAND appealed to the gentleman whether it v-a3 not
due to the memberswho were hc"e, and to facilitate the public
business, that th° ta'l should be proceeded in It was the second
time lhat he had been compelled to remain theie all n'ght, an 1
more than one hall of the membcis weie peimitted to absent
themselves He suggested whether the consequence of letting
them off at this lime would not be taken edvaniageof hereafter,
to agreater extent 1 shall insist that the order be fulfilled,
and they be compelled to attend Break up the naps of these
quiet gentlemen. Let the Sergeant at Arms bring them up,
and let them be dealt with them as they merit Mr II con-
cluded by moving the previous question on the motion to sus-
pend the call; which was seconded, and tne maw question or
tiered
Mi DUNCAN demanded the yeas and nays on the main
question; which having been ordered, were—yeas 31, nays 61
So the refused to suspend all further proceeding in the call
Mr HABERSHAM suggested tha*, by the list ol yeas and
nays just taken, it could bo ascertained what members had ab-
sented themselves since they fir=t answered to their names,
with a view of compelling then attendance.
Mr. DROMGOOL*< presumed that the door-keeper did his
duty, by preventing gentlemen passing out except on a plerise
ol return The presumption was that no gentleman had vio-
lated. If thev had, he would be for ariaigMng them for com-
mitting an oflence against the rule
Mr LINCOLN moved an order, in substance, that all the
membets who bad absented themselves since the call was com-
menced, after having answ ered to their names, should be taken
into the custody ol the Seieeat-at-Arms, to be dealt within
the same manner as those who were absent previous to the
call.
Mr. GRAVES objected, and raised the point of order, that
it was not motdei for a minority todo but two acts- to adiourn
or to compel the attendance o membeis There being but a
minority prest nt, they cou'd not adopt this order, or transact
any other business
Mr FILLMOUfcl argued that if a minority had the right to
have a call, they could prescribe the mode to carry out that
call.   The proposition was clearly in order.
The debate havinp been fmther continued by Messrs. TIL-
LINGHAST, LINCOLN, and SMITH of Mame
Mr. CUSHING demanded the previous question, which was
ordered.
Mr. GRAVES then demanded the yeas and navs on the main
quest! >n, which were nrdeied, and were—yeas 61, nays 11 So
the order was adopted, and the Bergeant-at Arms directed to
take the absentees into custody.
ThenameofMr Briogs b<nng firston the list, he stated that
he had no excuse that would be considered valid. He had re-
mamr-d in the .House until 11 o'clock
Mi. RIVES moved that Mr Briggs. bo discharged on payment
of the fees.
Mr DROMGOOLE opposed the motion His experience
had taught him ihe fint was in most cases nominal He thought
a pioper cxamp'e ought to be made ol those who had thus
stayed away all night Mr D then movetito auiend the motion,
so as to fine Mr Briogs ten dollars, leaving his dischaige asan
after consu'eratio i
On the motion to amend, Mr. L. WILLIAMS demanded the
yeas and nays, which he,ng ordered, w^re—yeas 46, nays 34
So the amendment was agreed to
The quemón then being on agreeing to the motion as amend
ed, it was decided in the affirmaiivc
Mr BRIGGS wished to know, first, where the rule was to be
found undei which the "ine had b'en inflicted, and, second,
whether he was required to pay the money before proceeding
to hi* duties.
Mr. Tolano being next called, Mr DROMGOOLE made the
same mo-«on in relation to him, as he thought the sama fine
ought to b  exacted from all,
Mi. VANDERPOEL moved to amend that motion, so as to
empower the Seigeant at-Arms to deduct the amount from the
per diem allowance ol Mr Toland, hut subsequently modified
it, so that Mr T should not be discharged until the fine bad
been paid
A long discussion then took place between Messrs HAND,
BRIGGS, VANDERPOEL, RIVES, DROMGOOLE, Mc-
KAY, anl LEWIS, in relation to the constitutional power of
the House to impose a fine exceeding that specified in the
ru.es Messrs BRIGGS, HAND, and LEWIS contended,
with much earnestness that the House had no such power.
Mr. LEWIS subsequently moved a reconsideration of the voto
by which thefine of $10 had been inflicted uponMr Briogs.
On this motion, Mr. DAVI8 of Indiana called the previous
question, w Inch was seconded The question was then taken
on the motion to reconsider, and it was decided m the affir-
mative
The question then recurred on the adoption of the propoei-
on to tine
ti Mr H VND moved to amend the resolution by striking out
the tine ofslü, and instrtirg that Mr BsioGsbc discharged on
payment of the regular fees This amendment was agreed to,
and the resolution, as amended, being adopted, Mr Briogs was
ordered to be discharged on payment of the fees
Mr DROMGOOLE then withdrew his motion in reference
to Mr Toland, inasmuch as he considered the vote just taken
as giving the sense of the House on the subject.
Mr Toland was then discharged on payment of the regu-
lar fees
The following gentlemen, in the custody of the Bergeant-at
Arms, whose excuses were not deemed sufficient, were dis-
charged fiom his custody by the payment of lees viz Messrs.
Mason of Ohio, Warren, Giddings, Drown of Mississippi,
Worthinoton, Smith of Connecticut, Sweney, W. Thomp-
son, Allsn olO'no, Bell, Griffith  and Starkweather.
The lolloping gentlemen were discharged without the pay-
ment of fees, viz  Messrs Strong and Henry
The following gentlemen having been returned as sick, were
excused, viz Messrs Brockway and Butler of South Caro-
lina
Mr. FILLMORE moved that the Honse adjourn.
Mr HAND demanded the yeas and nays; which were order-
ed, and were—yeas 25, nays 66.
So the House refused to adjourn
Mr FILLMORE moved to dispense with the further proceed-
ings of the rail
Mr* DUNC \N demanded the y eas and nays.
Mr MASON hoped the House would go to breakfast The
House could take a recess. We want to shave and wash; hoped
the motion would prevail
The j eas and na> s havirg been ordered, were—yeas 24, nay 
60
So the House refused to dispense with further proceedings in
the call
The following gentlemen were discharged from the custody
of the Sergeant at Arms, on the payment of fees, viz Messrs.
Storrs, Mitchell, Evans, Saltonstall, Gentry, Thomp-
sjn of Mississippi, and Jameson, and Mr. Crabb was dis-
charged without the payment of lees.
Mr BRIGGS suggested the propriety of of the House taking a
recess, with the understanding that the bill should be disposed
of to-day; qpon which suggestion Messrs CLIFFORD and
HAND objected, on the ground that all their efforts of the nigbt
would prove abortive, and all the arrangements of the kind
heretofore made had been violated; it was, therefore, impracti-
cable
Mr. HAND said, a great many of the members that a few
minutes ago had answered to their names, bad absented them-
selves, ami hoped tl.ej would be taken Into custody.
The CHA1U "aid if the gentleman WOiilcT name any mem-
bers, it would be competent to authorize the Sergeant-aiArm 
to take them into custody
Mr HAND said he could name the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr A Smith ] and he would make the motion that he be taken
into custody, which was agreed to.
Mr PRENTISS m >ved to rescind that order The gentle-
man from Maine had been in his seat all night
Mr CLIFFORD said his colleague had been there all night,
and had ju«t lhat moment stepped out.
Mr HAND, for the purpose of ascertaining who had left the
hall since they answered to their names, said he would call for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered, and were—yeas 62,
nays 12.
So the order in re'ation to Mr Smith was rescinded.
The following gentlemen, having been called up for excuses,
they were heard and deemed unsatia actory, and were dis-
charged from the custody of the Bergeant-at Arms on the pay-
ment of fees, viz Messrs J Garland, RogSrb of New Yoik,
and Daisa. when
Mr. MONTGOMERY moved that the House adjourn. Oa
which motion,
Mr JONES of Virginia demanded the yeas and nays; which
wereordered, and were—yeas2il, nays62.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr McKAY, at about 9 o'clock, a. m. offered the following
resolution
Resolcecl, That the Bergeant-at Arms he directed to take ef-
ficient measures to have the remainder of the absentees before
the House at 12 o'clock this day, to wit Tuesday, the 2Slh of
April, and that the House do now adjourn to that hour.
Mr McK hoped that the House would adopt the resolution,
nad let the members go home to their breakfast, and then they
cou'd meet at the time specfiedin the resolution.
Mr. A. SMITH would ask leave to say a word personal to
hmsell. It was the first time that he had had occasion to do so.
After a session of twenty-lour hours, without rest, he had left
the hall for not more than twenty minutes, to obtain such re-
fieshment as his exhausted strength required. Almost every
member who had remaine 1 in the hall dnnug the night, had
done the same, During this ¡short absence, Mr S. learned that
a member [Mr Hand] had taken the liberty to propose that
he, with twoother gen'lemen, be sent for and brought into the
House. It is a true maxm, "de gustibus n i etl disputan-
dum " He had no disposition to dispute any gentleman's ngM
to make himself appear ridiculous before this House and the
«untry He claimed the right, lnwever, to let his constuueojjr
and the country understand the reason that such a
been spread upon the lecoidi of the House, and he i
the sat isfaction which the gentleman might enjof'
singled lum out for arrest hy the Sergeant at ai«—"
cumsiances named,
_    "trig
fertkecir-
