368
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIR decided that the gentleman from Massachusetts
was In order.
Mr. CUSHING said it was in order for him to show that a
portion of this amount should not be appropriated to rivet the
chains on these gentlemen any longer. Their imprisonment
oughi not tobe con'inued. Mr. C. was again proceeding todis-
tu«* the merits of the imprisonment, when
Mr. TPKNEY said, ifthe Chair decided the gentleman in or-
der, he would take an appeal.
Mr. CUiHING made a few remarks on the appeal, to show
that he was m order; when
The question was taken by tellers (Messrs Woiuuixoton
aril Dawson acting as such,) whether the dec stem of the
Chair should stand as the judgment of the Committee, and
resulted—ayes41, noes 6S: no quorum voting.
The committee rose, and the chairman reported that fact to
the House.
Mr. GALBRAiTH moved that when the Hou=e adjourn, it
should adiourn until 11 o'clock tomorrow, which motion was
disagreed to.
Mr. EVANS then moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. MILLER demanded the yeas and ntivs, which not hav-
inirbeen ordered,
The House, at 11 o'clock, p. m. adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, April 30, 1310.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of War, made in obedience to a resolution of the
Senate in relation to the practicability and expense ofronstruct-
i -g temporary piers at the towns of Racine and Southport on
the western shore of Dike Michigan; which was read, and
•idered to b  printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of a numbei of ciii-
tens of Lansingburgh, in the Slate of New York, praying the
passage of a general bankrupt law; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. WEBSTER, presented the petition of a number of citi
lei'sof Beaver county, Pennsylvania, prayine the establish-
ment of a National Bank, and a protect, ve tariff
Mr. W. said that at this late period of the session no action
could be had on the subjects embraced in this petition, and he
would therefore ask that it might be laid on the table, inform-
ing the Senate, however, that before the close of tlu session he
would take occasion to offer sc.me remai ks on these and other
subjects connected therewith.
Mr. NORVELL submitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the PresMeut of the United Siates be, and he
Is hereby, requested to pirdon and direct the release of William
Lron Mackenzie, imprisoned in the jail at Rochester, New
York, for a violation of the laws to preservo the ne'i:ral obli-
gations of the United Slates; and also to direct the remission of
any fine which may have been imposed upon him for the same
offence.
The bill granting to the State of Michigan a q.iamity of land
to aid in cons'rustini a canal around the falls of St. Mary, was
nail a third time, and passed.
The bill to authorize the Mount Carmel and New Albany
Railroad Company to enter, on a credit, a quantity of Ian I to
land to aid the company in the construction of a railroad from
New Albany, in the Slate of Indiana, to Mount Carmel, in the
State ef Illinois, and for other purpose , was taken up, and. af-
ter a debme. in which Messrs TAPPAN. HUBBARD. BEN-
TON, CLAY of A abama, SMITH of Indiana, Will TE, CAL-
HOUN, and YOUNG participated, was recommitted to the
Committee on Roads and Canals.
The Dill for the benefit of the Sel ma and Tennessee Riilroad
Company, was taken up, and, after some remarks from Messrs.
KING and WHITE, was read a third time, and passed.
Th  Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, April 30,1?40.
By general consent, and on motion of Mr. HAMMOND of
Pennsylvania, the bill to alter the time for holding the Dm net
Court of the United States for the Western District ot Penn-
sylvania, at Williamsport, was taken up, read a third time,
and passed.
On motion of Mr. PETRIKIN, the joint reeo'mion in rela-
tion to the case of Mastersoo and Smith, which had been re-
lumed from the Senate with an amendment, (which gives dis-
eietlonary power to the Postmaster General.) was taken np,
and th  amendment was non-concurred in
On leave, Mr. CUSHING, from the Committee on Foreian
Affairs, reported a bill to carry into effect the convention be-
tween the United States and the Mexican Republic; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the sta'e of the
Union, and order d to be printed.
Mr. C. gave notice that, under instructions from tl* Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, he would, at an early ilay, ask the atten-
tion" of the House to the consideration ol"this bill.
On motion oíMr GOODE,
Ordered, That the resolirion of the House of Representa.
lives of the 14ih January 1339, relative to Albemarle sections
oflandinthe Miami and Maumee canals, be referred to the
Committee on the Pa' lie Lands; siso, that the resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 2d January, 1938. relative to
the sale ol alternate sections of land on the Miami canal, and
on the Wabash and Erie canal, be referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. BUTLER of Kentucky presented testimony in the cases
of Susan Foster, Mrs. Moore, widow of William Moire, and
Atthut Connelly; which testimony was referred to the Com-
mittee ori Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. HOLLEMAN presented a petiton of rulots licenced by
the State of Virginia, praying a repeal of the act of the 3d
March, 1837, concerning pilots; which petition was referred to
the Comi.iitiee of Commerce.
Mr. SAMUELS presented evklenco in tho case of James
Chambers; which was re/erred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
Mr. STEENROD, from the Select Committee, appointed on
the 16th of March, on the rase of Peter Yarnall end Samuel
Mitchell, made ¡> report accompanied by a bill for the relief of
Peter Yarnall and others; which was read twice, ané committed
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CONNOR, from tho Committee of Ways and Means,
made an adverse report on the case of Michael Ferrall; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee of Claims, reported
buck t9 Um Hqum 8to«tt bill Mo. 1, entitled an "Act for the re,
liefof William H. Robertson, Samuel II. Gnrrow, and J. W.
Simonlon," which was committed to the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. R. a'so made a report on the cise of Charles S. Matthews,
Charles Wood, and James Hall.
Mr R. also made'an adverse report on the case of Lorenzo
N. Claike, which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CIIAPMVN, of Alabama, from the Committee on the
Post OftVe and Post Roads, reported Inc!; to the House, Senate
hill. NoOl, entitled 'An act for the relief of the heirs of Colin
Bishop," without amendment; which bill was committed to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the Committee on the Public Land*,
reported a bll to reserve one township ol land fiotn the sale for
an asylum for the deaf and dumb in the Territory of Iowa;
which was lead twice, and committed to the Committee of the
Whole.
On motion of Mr. ELY, the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims was diseharscd from the further consideration of the
petition of the heirs of John Reynolds and Mary Reynolds;
also, from the further con-ideratit.n of the petition of the heirs
of Thomas Richards: which petitions were laid on the table.
Mr. BUTLER of Kentucky, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, made a report on the petition of Thomas W,
Chinn, accompanied by a bill for his relief; which bill was read
twice and ronvni'ted to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. W. C.BUTLER, fiom the same commitiee, made an
unfavorable report on the petition oí Andrew Johr.son ; which
was read, and laid on the table.
Mr. M. A. COOPER, from the Committee of Wavs and
Means, made an unfavorable report on the petition of Thomas
Wa 'e; which was read, and laid on the table.
Mr. C from t''e same committee, reported abill for the relief
ot John B.Rogers; which was read twice and committed to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. BELL, from the Committee on Indian Affiirs, reported
back to the House Sena'o bill No I'.M, entitled an "Act for
the relief of John C. Reynolds, lite disbursing agent of the In-
dian Department, without amendment.
Mr. REEI), from the Committee on Naval Affairs, made a
report on the m morm! of Boyd Kcilly, accompanied by a bill
for his relief: which was read twice, and committed to the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. GRANGER, from the Commrtee on Foreign Affairs,
male a memorbl on the report of Charles O Ridgb-y, accom
panied by abill for hisrelief: whir1; wis read twice,and com-
mitted to the Commit'eeof the M hole.
Mr. COR WIN, from the Commi ee on the Pitblic Linda,
reported a bill to grant a quantity of land to aid in opening a
communica'ion by water from D lcorra to Maiqtietta, in the
Territory of Wisconsin; which bill was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Who'e.
Mr. HAND, from the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, made a report on the petition of Mary Johnson, accom-
panied by a b 1! lor her relief: w'ei-h was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of'he Whole.
Mr. H. also made a report on the petition of Nancy P^rry,
late widow of John Davis, accompanied by a bll lor her re-
lief; which was read twice, and committed to the Committee of
the Whole.
The committees havinübeen ra'lcd through, the notise pro-
ceeded, during the resi'ne if the morning hour, to dispose in
orderof the business on the Speaker's table.
The fir~t subject was a motion to print 5,000 extra copies
of the report of the Secretary of the Treasnrv on the expen-
ditures and defalcations since the year 1780; which was
agreed to.
The next was themn'ion of Mr FnxvoTEto print's OOfl extra
copies of the report of continúen' expenses of the State Depart-
men*; which mi'ion was agreed to.'
Mr. R. GARLAND ho ed tho vote wonld he reconsidered.
The printing of the report would only cover the tables of mem-
bers with documen's, which, heundetlook to say, not ten mem-
bers would read.
Mr. BROWN of Tennessee moved a reconsideration.
Mr. FILLMORE hoped some additional copies of all the re-
ports from the several Department , showing the expenses of
the contingent fund, might be distributed "among the people.
The House had been in the habit ofsuppressing information, by
only printing rnoush for themselves.
Mr. R. GARLAND slid the printing would cost considerable,
and i here was no necessity for it. But ifthe committee thought
it necessary, he would i"t oppose it. Mr. O. moved to refer the
resolution to the Committee on the Expenditures of the Depart-
ment of Sate.
Mr. PETRIKIN wanted no one-sided reports, but all the
frets.   They hsd already had evidence of girblcd statements.
Mr. CARR presumed that.every gentleman -as prepared
to vote upon the subject; and, therefore, called for the pre-
vious ques'on.
Mr. FILLMORE called for the yeas and nays; but they
were not ordered.
The question was then taken upon reconsidering the vote
by which the report was ordered to be printed; which was de-
cided in the affirmative.
Mr. R. GARLAND then movel to refer the motion to print
to th? Cimmtttee on Expenditures of the S'ats Department.
And the question being 'akrn, no q'toritin voted.
Mr. HUBBARD moved to l.iy the moi.nfor reference on
the table; which was agreed to.
So the subject was laid on ihe table.
The mntirn of Mr C. .TUilN'f'ON to print C.C00 extra co-
pies of the r port of ihe Seciet-ry of the Treasury, of payments
made at the Treasury from 1S31 to 1SC9, then coming up for
consi 'cration,
Mr. ADAMS said he saw no reason why the document
should be printed after the other report had been laid upon the
table. He did not know on what grounds the motioi was ori-
ginally made in the discussion, at the time it was presented.
ITe thought, however, that it otijht to be treated like the one
just decided en.
On motion of Mr. BUTLER of Kentucky, the motion was
laid on the table.
On leave given, Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reponed, without amendment, a Senate bi 1 in relation
to the iron s.eamboat New Jersey, formerly called the Robert
L. Stockton.
On motion of Mr. C.  the bill was read a third time, and
Mr. GRAHAM asked leave to offer a resolution, providing
that Che House will, after Monday next, meet at 11 o'clock.
Mr. R. GARLAND objected to it.
Mr. GRAHAM moved a suspension of tho rule, and called
for the yeas and nays; which, being ordered, resulted—yeas 01,
nays bo: not two-thirds.
So the rules were not suspended.
GENERAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. JONES of Virginia, the House resolved it.
self into Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Casey ol Illinois in the chair,) on the bill making appro-
priations for the civil and diplomatic expénsese! the Govern-
ment for the year 1840.
The item under consideration Ian evening was the following:
''For defraying the expenses of the Supreme,  Circuit, and
District Courts ol the United States, including the District of
Columbia; also, for juiors and witnesses, in aid of the funds
arisiua from fines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred in the
year 1840 and the preceding year; and likewise for defrajin 
the expenses of suits in which the United States are concerned,
and of prosecutions for offences committed against the United
States, and for the safe keeping of prisoners, «300,000."
Mr. CUSHING was addressing the committee, and was called
to order.
The Chair had decided that Mr. C. was in order; from which
decision an appeal had been taken, and the question being put,
no quorum voted; the committee rose, and the House adjourned.
Andthe question now pending was, 'Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the committee!'
After some desultory discussion, the question, "Shall the de-
cisión of ihe Chair stand as the ludgment of the committee"!"
was taken, and decided in the affirmative—ay. s 113, noes 15.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. CUSHING then proceeded to address the committee, and
said that he proposed to discuss the question whether it was
proper to appropriate money (and if so, how much) for the
safe keeping of certain prisoners of State, who were held in pri-
son in the Slate of New Y oik; and if that, was not in order, he
would propose an amendment to make it so
[Cries of '-Offer your amendment."]
Mr. 0. then offeied the following amendment: "Five thou-
sand dollars thereof to be applied to the more commodious
sa<e-keeptngof the two prisoners of State, held in pris.n in the
State of New York for alleged violation of the neutrality act,
so called."
[The persons alluded to are Messrs. Mackenzie and Van Rens-
selaer.]
Mr. C. then proceeded to state reasons why additional consi-
deration should be shown to these individuals, as being victims
of State policy for State reasons
Mr. CRAIG called Mr. C. to order: first for irrelevancy; but
subsequently changed the ground, eo as to make his point of
order against the amendmentitsair, on the ground that It pro-
posed to change the existing laws as to the mode of keeping
Suite prisoners.
The CILSIR decided the amendment to be order.
Mr. CRAIG appealed from that decision
The  appeal was debated by  Messrs.   BRIGGS.   MASON,
DROMGOOLE,CRABB, TILI.INGHAST, and CLIFFORD.
The question was then taken, and the vote stood—ayes 28,
noes 9?.
So the decision of the Chair whs reversed.
Mr. CUSHING demanded from Mr. Jones the estimates on
which this item was founded. Since the discretion of the Ex-
ecutive might not be controlled, and he must vote manacled
hand and foot, he wanted at least to know how much of this
sum went to provide for the incarcetation of those victims of
Executive policy.
Mr. JONES explained, and laid before the House a commu-
nica'ion from the Treasury Department refening to the esti-
mates from the marshals. The details had all to be audited be-
fore the money could be paid, but it was impossible to fore-
know then) now.
Mr. CUSHING said then he must submit to a policy which,
foracs rewarded in England by knighthood, the Executive ga^e
imprisonment in a jail.
Mr. EVANS moved the following amendment: "For the se-
cond and third volumes of the Documentary History of the
American Revolution, agreeably to the act of Congress ap-
proved Msrch 2, 1833, an.l the contract made in pursuance
thereof with the Secretary of State on ti.e 19th March, 1833, for
ty-fivethousand dollars.''
Mr. VANDERPOEL said, as this wotk was printed under
contiac.t, and had been delivered, it must be paid for.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked whether the work conformed to
the con'ractt
Mr. EVANS said the Secretary of S'ate was the judge of
this, under the contract, and Ikj was satisfied, and had reported
accordingly.
The amendment was then agreed to.
CUMBERLAND ROAD.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana, moved to strike out the appropriation
of $100,000 for coast surveys, and insert the following:
''Be it further enacted, That the following sums be, and
they are hereby appropriated for the continuation of the Cum-
berland Road, viz- For the State of Ohio 875,000, Indiana,
$100 000, Illinois $100,000. These sums to be expended under
the direction of the Secretary of War, subject to all the restric-
tions and regulations of former appropriations,"
Mr. PETRIKIN said the amendment was out of order, as it
was not in pursuance of any law.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to he in order.
Fiom this decision Mr. T11RNEY took an appeal.
Mr. DAVIS asked what law there was lor this appropriation
for coast surveys?
Mr. JONES explained. The coast survey had been com-
menced under a s'atute which he cited.
Mr. UNDERWOOD opposed the amendment as out of order,
and insisted on this point of order, on the ground that the rule
male a distinction between amendments and elauses reported
by a committee.
Mr. STUaRT, of Illinois, supported the amendment, con-
tending that the Cumberland Road had been commenced under
a law as much as the coast survey. They stood on the same
ground. And it rested, besides, on contract, in which it had
the advantage.
Mr. R, GARLAND replied to Mr. UNDE«wooD,aml quoted the
rule to show that it made no such distinction as Mr. U. had sup-
posed ; the amendment was as much in order as the clause pro-
posed to be stricken out.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he was satisfied.
The question being taken on the appeal, tellers were de-
manded and ordered ;' and the vote was, ayes 54, noes 42,
