370
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*•«, came at last to the conclusion, that it was the duty of the
President to close all the land offices where there was little or
nothing to do. This was the most monstrouB stretch of Execu-
tive power ever before contended for in this counu y. The peo-
ple of Kentucky would stare when they heard that such an argu-
ment had been made by one of tueir Representatives upon this
floor. Mr. S. asked the gentleman from Kentucky to point out
any law authorizing it under which the President could do this,
close an office, ereatid and established by law ! As well might
the President order the custom-house at Philadelphia or New
York to tea shut up.
Mr. 8. thought that the gentleman from Louisiana and his
assocAtes, who had opposed this bill weie deserving of much
cremt for the manner in which they had managed to escape
when cornered by the consummate ability of the chairman oí"
the Committee of Ways and Means.   He had been fe™ñded
?y,K.0KtK'.afí>rt?0Vh,9ruth- Heh*d°f n, When a boy, been
m the habit of mingling In gymnastic spot ; and he had often
¡ftí,¿*..í?.U^??OC?.tes' whe«torownflat upon their backs in
a fair scuffle twist and turn ail possible ways to turn his antago-
nist; generailywith ill*ttcc««H The su-u^ies 0f the genfle-
SLTe^r^f ^ *? « circumstance, and they were as
¿, ^SÍS.'^**!™81 toe chairman of the committee:
 >,. Jui.„ Í .u^-m rsome Preliminary remarks in relation to
.hi ÜÜÜL Mw!>,u, SaT* ««"ce that he would move to amend
 7m ^•V-í1S??ímít?nt e*Penses  °road of foreign missions, by
ÍT..1.5 ''*A<W0 for the appointment of diplomatic agents to at-
tojrtW the tobacco interest. Mr. J. said, if in order, he would
one? the amendment at that time. After some debate of a con-
versational character, the amendment was ruled out of order.
The question was then taken on the motion of Mr. Gar-
land to strike out the item providing for the salaries of regis-
tors ana receivers of land offices, and it was negatived.
LJ' W- jones moved to amend the bill: to come in after
the 404th line the words following: "for marking and fixing the
sHftrtm"7       belween toe United States and Texas the sum of
Mr. R. GARLAND did not object to' the amendment, but he
would like to have some information on that subject, as to what
progress had been made by the commissioners. It was a mat-
ter of great interest, to the people of his State; he represented
the dietrict immediately bordering on the line. A considerable
amount had bee  expended for this purpose, and he wanted
to know how it had been expended.
Mr. JONBs replied that the amount appropriated at the last
««anon, to enable the individual  who were appointed to attend
to this mutter, had not been entirely expended, but had been so
far expended, that before the next session, an additional amount
wop.'.d be required.
Mr. J. then alluded to the unexpected difficulties which the
officers had to encounter, owing to the condition of the country
through Which it was necessary they should pass.
Ht. GARLAND wished to be informed whether the salary of
the officers had been paid ever since their appointment.
Mr. JONES said he had not thought it necessary to inquire
into the matter, as to whether the salaries had been paid or not.
He had contented himself with the belief thatthe money Would
be properly applied by the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. I. subsequently alluded to the law, and informed Mr.
Garland that the salary of the Commissioner was not autho-
rized to be paid until he was ready to commence service, and
the salaries of the subordinates not until they had been actually
in service. His information was, that the Commissioner had
not received pay until he was ready for service, n >r had the sub-
ordinates until they were actually engaged in service.
The amendment was then agreed to.
Mr. JONES then offered another amendment providing for
the salary of a commissiner, surveyor, and clerk, •5,700; which
was agreed to.
Mr. STANLY then moved to strike out the item of " twelve
dollars and twenty cents," being a balance due to the commis-
sioner appointed to superintend the erection of buildings and
machinery of the branch mint at Charlotte, North Carolina.
Mr. JONES explained that this small item was for the pay-
ment Of labor performed, and he was surprised that his friend
from North Carolina, who professed to to be the advocate of
working men, should object to it.
Mr. STANLY then withdrew his motion.
Mr. JONES offered an amendment, appropriating $10,000
for the payment of a balance due for the construction of the
branch mint at Dahlonega.
Mr. R. GARLAND made some objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. JONES explained the circumstances under which the
balance in question was inserted in the bill, and expressed bis
astonishment that the gentleman from Louis ana, who generally
paid such close attention te the business of the House, had not
been better informed as to the fact, as set forth a short time be-
fore, when the subject had been up specifically.
After some further remarks from Messrs. STANLY, R.
GARLAND, JONES, L. WILLIAMS, DAWSON, MASON of
Ohio, COOPER of Georgia, and OGLE, the question was
taken en the amendment, and it was agreed to—ayes 100,
noes 21.
The ¡paragraph "appropriating $51,000 for continuing the
construction of the new Treasury building" having been read,
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to amend it by striking out #51,000
and inserting #105,000 to finish the colonnade, portico and out of-
fices. Mr. P. said this was exactly the amount cal led for by the
estimates of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Mr. JONES «aid toe #51,000 was inserted in exact conformity
with the estimates furnished the Committee of Ways and
Means. It was believed by the Secretary that it would put the
building in a condition to make it comfortable te the occupants;
and it was deemed by that officer prudent, considering the pre-
sent exhausted condition of the Treasury, not to ask for more
thin was required to render the building comfortable. The or-
namental work it was not deemed prudent to progress with at
this time.
Mr. PETRIKIN said the chairman was was not properly in-
formed on the subject. There was #53,000 already expended.
The amount in the hill did not cover the amount due the hands
for the work already done; and, therefore, that amount cannot
make it comfortable, as Che gentleman says.
Mr. LINCOLN said he had no predilections for this building.
He did all he could at the last sessions to prevent its being built
in its present location. He was willing that its walls should re-
main as a monument of the folly Mthose who had authorized
the location and manner of construction; but he felt himself
constrained to shew the amount of money expended, and the
manner of the expenditure.   He then went into a history of the
whole matter, and censured the course of the Sectetary in re-
ference to it. He defended the appropriation under the cir-
cumstances as absolutely necessary; for if it be withheld, the
consequence would be a great loss to the Government; and it
would it be doing crying injustice to the mechanics, to whom
more was due than was proposed to be appropriated. It would
be .improper to discharge them,consiJenng the nature of the cir-
cumstances under which they were brought here. lie con-
cluded by offering the following aa a modificanon of the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, viz: strike
out the #51,000, and insert in lieu thereof, '-including the ar-
rearages due for materials furnished, and labor perlormedon
the said building, certified by the Commissioner of Public
Buildings to amount, on the loth of April, 1840, to the sum of
#53,194 06,the sum ol«105,000 "
After a few remarks from Mr. LINCOLN, in support of the
above amendment, Mr. Petrikin accepted it as a modification
of that offered by himself.
Mr. JONES said the gentleman from Massachusetts seemed
to put the matter on the ground that these men had a right
to enforce their claim, and left it to be inferred that the Presi-
dent of the United States had made a contract with them. If
the gentleman intended to be so understood, he did not think he
was acting with his customary liberality towards the Presideni
and heads of Departments. The committee would however
see how the matter stood, by a reference to the faets. Mr. J. then
explained, that when in October last the money appropriated
was expended, the laborors requested permission to go on
solely on their owarisk as to when Congress should make
further appropriation. He also stated that at the time these
estimates were sent to the Committee of Ways and Means,
he doubted whether more than #5,000 was due. So that at the
time the estimates were presented, there were sufficient to
cover the whole expense incurred, and leave a considerable
eum for going on with the building. But it would be obvious
to all, that there had been no contract nor obligation on the
part of the President, but that the laborers had merely re-
ceived permission to go on at their own risk.
After some remarks by Mr. PETRIKIN in favor of the
amendment; and by Messrs. PROFFIT and STANLY, the
latter gentleman, before concluding his remarks, yielded the
floor to
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama, on whose motion the commit-
tee rose, and the Speaker having resumed the chair, ihe chair-
man of the committee reported progress on the bill, and asked
leave to sit again; which was granted; when,
On motion of Mr. DRuMGOOLE, the House, at eleven
o'clock, p. m.
Adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, May 1, 1840.
Mr. WRIGHT presented i esolutionB of the Legislature of
New York, granting to the Federal Government the right of
constructing a ship canal around the FalU of Niagara; which
were read, laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORVELL presented a petition of citizens of Michigan,
praying that the punishment of W. L. Mackenzie may be miti-
gated; which was ordered to be transmitted to the President of
the United States.
Mr. N. also presented the petition of the heirs of Daniel Pet-
tibone; which was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs,
Mr. SMITH of Indiana presented the memorial of the Mount
Carbon Coal Company; which was referred to the Committee
on Roads and Canale.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, from the Committee on the Public
Lands, to which was referred the memorial of the General As-
sembly of Missouri, praying that certain lands in that State
may be brought into market, asked to be discharged frem
the further consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, rt ported a bill for the relief of the heirs of Capt. John
De Treville; which was read, and ordered to a second reading,
and the report ordered to be printed.
Mr. YOUNG, from the Committee on Roads and Canals, to
which had been recommitted the bill to authorize the Mount
Carmel and New Albany Railroad Company to enter, on a
credit, a quantity of land to aid the company in the construc-
tion of a railroad from New Albany, in the State of Indiana, to
Mount Carmel, in the State of Illinois, and for other purposes,
reported the same back to the Senate, with amendments.
Mr. Y. said he was instructed by the committee to ask the Se-
nate that the bill might be taken up, and the amendments con-
sidered, at the present time.
Mr. PIERCE said that his colleague, [Mr. Hubbard,] who
was necessarily absent from his seat, had taken a prominent
part in the discussion of this bill yesterday, and for this reason
he hoped the Senators interested in it would consent to postpone
its consideration until his colleague should be in his seat.
This course being objected to, a debate ensued, in which
Messrs. LUMPKIN, SMITH of Indiana, BENTON, CLaY of
Alabama, YOUNG, TAPPAN, KING, CALHOUN, and
WEBSTER, participated; when, on motion by Mr. W. the
bill, and all similar bills on the calendar, were postponed until
next Tuesday week.
SPECIAL ORDER.
The bill for the reliefof James McCrory;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Frederick Seigle;
The bill for the relief of the heirs of Dr. John Ramsey;
The bill for the reliefof the legal representatives of John
Jordan, deeeased, late a captain in the continental line of artil-
lery artificers;
which were made the special order, being taken up,
Mr. PIERCE addressed the Senate at great length in oppo-
sition to the bills.
After some remarks by Messrs. PRESTON and STUR-
GEON, the bills were informally passed over.
And the Senate adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Fmday, May 1, 1840.
Mr. BRIGG8 moved that the House at once go into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the general appropriation bill.
On motion of Mr. JONES, the Committee on Privilege, in
the case of Messrs. Bynum and Garland, was postponed till
Monday next.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the following commu-
nications, viz:
1. Letter from th« Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a re.
port of payments made from the privateer pension fund, from   j
June, 1812, to Julv, 1837; wnich was, on motion of Mr. SAL-
TONSTALL, referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
2.  Letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting a re-
port of contracts and agreements entered into liy the Board of
Navy Commissioners, during the year 1839; which was, on mo.
tion of Mi. SALTONSTALL, referred to the Commitse on Ex-
penditures in the Department of the Navy, and ordered tobe
printed.
3.  Depositions in relation to the New Jersey election; which
were, on motion of Mr. DAVIS of Pennsylvania, referred to the
Committee of Elections.
The following bills, returned from the Senate, with amend-
ments, were taken from the Speaker's table, and the amend-
ments were eoncuired in, viz:
An act for the relief of William Wickoff;
An aet for the relief of James L. Cochran; and
An act for the relief of John T. Addoms.
Several Senate bills on the Speaker's table were taken up,
read twice, and appropriately relerred.
Mr. HALL moved to reconsider the vote by which the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill for the relief of James L. Coch-
ran was concurred in.
Mr. LINCOLN contended that it ought to be recommitted
to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CROSS hoped the motion to reconsider would not pre-
vail . Without the amendment of the Senate, the bill would be
of no effect. It would give the person for whose benefit it was
passed, no greater privilege than he already enjoyed in com-
mon with all other persons.
Mr. THOMPSON made some remarks in opposition to the
reconsideration, and Mr. LINCOLN iniavor; when
Mr. PETRIKIN obtained the floor, and moved the previous
question; which was seconded, and the main question ordered;
which was on the motion to reconsider.
Mi. II. HALL demanded the yeas and nays; which having
been ordered, by unanimous consent, to save the time of the
House, the yeas and nays were dispensed with, and the motion
was reconsidered, and the bill was committed to the Committee
on Public Lands.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama, the House then
resolved iiself into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, Mr. Casey in the chair, and took up the civil and diplo-
matic appropriation bill.
The question pending when the committee rose last evening,'
was the amendment of Mr. Petrikin to increase the appropri-
ation for the construction of the Treasury building,fiom 451,000
to #105,000, as modified by Mr. Lincolv.
Mr. AUAMS defended the amendment with much animation.
He contended that Government was bound in honor, and by
every consideration of justice and equity, to pay these laborers
for the work they had performed. He wished to ask the hono-
rable gentleman of the Committee of Ways and Means, whether
he intended to adduce the condition on which this money was
earned, as a reason for its not being paid. The gentleman had
told them that the laborers had gone on with the work, with the
express understanding that it w as on their own responsibility as
to whether Congress should or should not make an appropria-
tion. But was that the reason why the gentleman refused to ap-
propriate the money? He would tell the gentleman that if an
overseer on his plantation in Virginia should permit laborers to
work on the same condition, and depending on the gentleman to
perform his promise, there was no court in Virginia which
would not compel him to pay it. But he was sure the gentle-
man would never permit such a refusal to escape his lips. No;
he knew that gentleman better than to think he would refuse to
compensate his laborers under such circumstances. Then why
did he act so differently, when the Government was concerned!
Mr. A. in the course of his remarks, alluded to the certificates
given to the workmen, as shinplastersof the same character as
Treasury notes, and which the Government was equally bound
to pay.
Mr. JONES said it appeared from the remarks of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, that he supposed be, Mr. J. did
not understand the facts. He had, however, imagined himself
throughly acquainted with the facts. But n he had not, the ex-
planation of the gentleman, delivered in so mild a manner, could
not leave him now in ignorance.
Mr. J. said, the gentleman will allow me to say that per-
haps he himself has not paid sufficient attention to the matter,
so as to understand what the facts are. I wish the gentleman
to bear in mind, that so far from my being opposed to the pay-
ment of these men, that on more than one occasion during this
debate, I have yielded my assent to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina, which is intended to cover the
whole amount
The bill would have been so drawn at first, had the money
been then due; but at the lime the bill was drawn, the labor
had not been perfotmedby them; and awat that time the work
had not been done, of course no provision could be made to
cover the present demand.
Mr. J. repeated that he admitted the justice of the claim now
made, and hoped the amendment would take effect, as he had
not the slightest objection to appropriating the whole amount,
whatever it might be, and to the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina he yielded his full ai-sent. But the gen
tleman from Massachusetts had said it was a horrid affair to pay
these laborers in shinplasters. Now, said Mr. J. all I have to
say is, thatthe gentleman has a very strange idea of shinplas*
ters. I should have thought, from the immense amount of
shinplasters issued from his favorite institutions, that he would
have understood the subject better. I will undertake to say
that he is a great proficient in that kind of shinplasters issued in
such abundance from his own State. But was a certificate
given toa laborer, specifying merely the amount of labor per-
formed, a shinplaeter 1
But the gentleman had said we were issuing Treasury
notes, which were also shlnr.ias'ers. Now if they were shin-
plasters, they were such as had received the sanction of some
of the first men of our country. They had been approved by
men in as high stations as that which the gentleman himself
once occupied. These shinplasters had carried u  through
struggles, and brought us safely out of those struggles on mora
occasions than one, with honor to ourselves and to our country.
The gentleman had also spoken of a "contract." Now it
seemed to htm that the gentleman did not understand the na-
ture of a contract near so well as he did that of shinplasteia.
Said Mr. J., my idea of a contract is, that it implies the con-
sent and obligation of both parties. But the gsntleman come 
forward and tells us that the mere assent of the President to
allow thaae men to go on upon their own responsibility, was *
