972
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. JONES of Virginia submitted the following amendment
to the hilL viz:   ,           ,      ,      , ..   „
"For «wnpeofetioo to the Judge of the Superior Court of St.
Augusün , East Florida, for examination of claims under the act
ofTune 2£ 1834, for the year* 183S and 1810, one thousand nine
hundred and forty-five dollars: Provided, That all said claims
in which proof shall not be produced to the said Judge, and
deemed i>y him to be satisfactory, subject to the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury, within the period of eighteen
months from the date of the passage of this act, shall be dis-
missed; and no further proceedings under the act aforesaid
shall bs had; and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby re-
quired.  give notice ef the limitation heiein provided, by pub-
lication in the several newspapers printed in the Territory of
Florida, for the period of six months alter the passage of this
act."
Mr. GRAVES raised a question oforder. He considered the
amendment out of order, on the ground that there was no exist-
ing law authorizing the appropriation; and
After a few remarks by Messrs. GIDDINGS, JONES of Vir-
ginia, and GRAVES,
The CHAIR ruled the amendment out of order, and it was not
pressed by the mover,
Mr. OGLE rawed to strike out $3,665 for repairs of the Presi-
dent's house.
Mr. OGLE then took the floor, and said he would com-
mence by tin examination of a speech delivered by the gen-
tlein.in from Massachusetts, [Mr. Lincoln,] some \ime ago, in
reply to certaiu charges in relation to the President's furni-
ture, etc.
Mr. O. in his preliminary remarks, used, in reference to Mr.
Iinooln, the term "palace influence." He also spoke of cer-
Uin persons, who, perhaps, were in the habit of visiting the
White House, shaking the President's taper fingers, and sip-
ping his wine.
Sir. LINCOLN desired to know what the g ntleman meant
by "palace influence."
Mr. OGLE said he would explain as he progressed with his
speech.
Mr. LINCOLN said he wished an answer then, as he would
submit to no ■ersooal abase  r imputation of his motives from
any one. He would tell the geatleman that he had been in the
President's Hpuse, and drank less of his wines than perhaps
die ¿sntisman himself.
Mr. OGLE was understood to disclaim any intention of im-
pugning ttis jnocfves of Mr. Lmsom, or as intending any thing
personal. He then took up the speech allnded to, and was pro-
ceedme; to examine it, when
Mr. LINCOLN said it might be as well to inform the gentle-
man th^t the. speech in question was delivered one tvening
about a fortnight ago, and he had not seen it in the Globe, nor
did he know it had been published, until a few hours ago. He
íiad left the city at six o'clock the next morning alter it was de-
livered, and consequently had no opportunity of revising it be-
fore its publication. He had, however, told the gentleman
that he observed some little inaccuracies in the report, which
he would correct as soon as he should have time to write out a
correction, and, under these circumstances, he could not repress
hi  astonishment at the course the gentleman was then taking.
He would, however, set patiently until the gentleman had got
through with his abuse, when he would reply to him.
Mr. OGLE then resumed his remarks, and poured out anathe-
mas against the Reporter of the Globe, who, owing to the
noiee which generally prevails in the hall, had been guilty of
not 1w*rtng a portion of Mr. Lincoln's speech, which led to a
tnfliüjTerror    The other inaccuracy was a misprint of a single
figure, tod not the fault of the Reporter.
^Towara  the close of his remarks, Mr. O. referred to the
speech of. his colleague, [Gen. Keih,] delivered some time ago,
on the saine subject, and was proceeding to «peak of certain
•hinplasters issued in the county of BerkB.
For this he was called to order, on the ground of irrelevancy.
Mr. KEIM hoped hie colleague would be permitted to go on,
and empty hie reservoir df filth at once.
Mr. OGLE then resumed, and concluded his remarks.
Mr. LINCOLN fallowed, and with much warmth, and in a
moat withering,manner, repelled the insinuations thrown out by
the .member who last spoke.   [The remarks of Mr. L. will ap-
pear at the earnest opportunity.)
The clause of the bill appropriating «8,000 for the payment
of th  artists engaged in executing four historical paintings for
the vacant panel  of the rotunda of the Capitol, having been
read,
Mr. LINCOLN moved the following amendment, which was
accepted by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Meftns, viz: Provided the paintings are in such a state of pro-
gress as, in reference to the whole sum to be paid to the artists
respectively, for their execution, shall, in the opinion of the
President of the United States, render u proper to make such
payments.   •
After a few remarks from Messrs. ANDREWS, JONES of
Virginia, STANLY, LEW  WILLIAMS, and ADAMS, as to
the nature of the contract, the amendment was agreed to.
The paragraph appropriating «8,000 to Luigi Pérsico and Ho-
ratio Greenough for statues to adorn the two blockings on the
east front of the Capitol, having been read,
Mr. LINCOLN moved the following amendment, which was
accepted by the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
M«ane, aafl ««reed to, viz:
' "Provided, That the work w in such a state of progress as
in reference to the whole sum. to be paid to the artists respec-
tively for their execution, shall, in «he opinion of the President
of the United States, reader it proper to make such payments."
Mr. J. W. JONES moved to strike out the appropriation of
•726,009 for the expenses of taking the next census, and insert
•740,000; which was agreed to.
Some conversation here took place between Messrs. WADDY
THOMPSON, EVANS, and SMITH of Maine, as to the man-
ner in which the sustom-house at New York was constructed,
and as to the propriety of reducing that appropriation.
Mr. ANDREWS of Kentucky moved to strike it out.
Mr. LINCOLN opposed the amendment, and showed that
the amount now proposed to be appropriated was 875,000 less
than the estimates called for.   The site had been altered since
the building was authorized to be constructed.   It was thought
advisable to have it located in aposition more convenient to the
shipping than was at first contemplated.   The consequence
was. that the land on which it is located cost considerably
moré than that on which it was proposed to locate it at first
Altera few remarks by Mr. JONES of Virginia, showing the
necessity of the appropriation, the question was taken, and the
amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. J. W. JONES moved an amendment for the repair of the
public works at Staten Island, the sum of $29,720; which had
been rendered necessary in consequence of the late storm;
which amendment was agreed to.
Mr. LINCOLN here moved that the committee rise; and on
a count being taken by tellers to ascertain whether the com-
mittee would rise, no quorum voted.
The committee then rose, and the chrirman reported that fact
to the House.
Mr. ANDREWS moved a call of the House; but a motion
having been made that the House adjourn, the question was
taken by tellers, (Messrs Goooin and Chapman acting as such,)
who reported—-ayes 29, nays 96.
Sethe House refused to adjoun.
The House again went into Committee of the WJiole on the
state of the Union, and resumed the consideration of the bill.
Mr. CURTIS moved an appropriation of $27,500 to purchase
a lot of ground on the east side of the custom-house, Pine street,
in New York, for the purpose of light and ventilation to that
building; and
After a few remarks by Mr. C. in favor of the amendment,
and Mr. JONES of Virginia, on the question whether it was
in order,
The CHAIR ruled that the amendment was not in order on
the ground that there was no existing law that would authorize
the appropriation.
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved the following amendments,
viz:
For repairs of the custom-house building at New Bedferd,
«500.
For repairs of the custom-house building at New London,
•1.700.
For repairs of the marine hospital at Norfolk, 44.100.
After a few remarks by Messrs. STANLY, JONES, CUR-
TIS, and MONROE, the amendments were agreed to.
Mr. J. W. JONES moved to reduce the appropriation for
the expenses incurred by the commission, under the act remit-
ting duties on goods destroyed by fire in New York, from
•3,354, to the sum of 81,350; and alter a debate in which
Messrs. STANLY, DAWSON, CURTIS, and EVANS, parti-
cipated, and inexplanation by Mr. J. W. JONES, the amend-
ment was agreed to.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to strike out the appropriation
for the full minister to Spain, for the purpose of sending a
Charge, if the President should think the relations subsisting
between these two countries deemed it warrantable; and,
After a debate in which Messrs. J. W. JONES, ADAMS,
EVERETT, and EVANS, participated, the latter gentleman
moved the following amendment as a modification of the above,
to come in at the end of the paragraph making provision for
the salaries of the ministers abroad, viz:
Provided, That the sum of nine thousand dollars, or such
part thereof as may he necessary, may be applied to the outfit
and salary of a Charge d'Affaires to Spain in lieu of a Minister.
Mr. DRDMGOOLE accepted the above as a modification.
Mr. STANLY obtained floor; and on his motion the commit-
tee rose; and then
On motion, the House, at 11 o'clock, p. m.
Adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Saturday, May 2,1840.
After the journal had been read,
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the House resolved
itself into a Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and resnmed the consideration of the
bill making appropriation for the civil and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
1840.
The question pendiDg was on a motion made by
Mr. Evans, to allow the money appropriated for
the salary of the Minister to Spain, in cate of his
return, to be applied to a Charge, to be sent in his
place, if the President should think proper so
to do.
Mr. CUSHING observed there was no quorum,
and thai with so few members present, it would
not be fair to take the question.
Mr. STANLY said he wuuld take that oppor-
tunity to say a few words in relation to Messrs.
Throop and Maxcy, our Charges at Belgium and
Naples  He then referred to the report of the In-
vestigating Committee, for the purpose of showing
that Mr. Throop hail been negligent, while acting
as naval officer at New York, or he might have
prevented the frauds of Swartwout. Also, that
Mr. Maxcy, when acting as Solicitor of the Trea-
sury, had, through his negligence, been one cause
of the frauds of Mr. Price. He wis-hed to know
from the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, how it was that these men had bren pro-
moted to office, instead of being punished for their
negligence.
Mr. SMITH of Maine called Mr. Stanly to
order, on the ground that his remarks were not
relevant to the question then before the com-
mittee.
Mr. STANLY contended that he was no more
out of order than many other gentlemen.
Mr. CUSHING made some brief remarks on
the amendment of Mr. Evans.   He was of opi-
nion that the Department had the discretionary
Íower, but thought the mission  to Spam would
ave to be restored.
L' Mr. JONES having been late in bis arrival, had
^ failed to bear much of what Mr. Stanly had said.
That gentleman had a standing piece of evidence
i on which to found charges against any thing and
[every thing that came up in discussion.   Mr. J's
'objection to it was, that it was an ex parte investi-
gation, directed to objects never contemplated when
¡the committee was appointed,   and  the  officers
charged had had no opportunity of reply and de-
fence.    He protested against allowing such a sort
' of proof to operate against any individual.    He
contended that, in the case of Mr. Throop, his no-
mination  had been submitted to the Senate.    As
to the salan' of the archi'ect, the.office was neces-
sary, and applied to the works of the highest order.
And if the salary was reduced, the Government
could not command the services of a competent in-
dividual.   The salary was, in fact, fixed by law,
but was left discretionary with the President.   Mr.
J. opposed a change of minister for chargéj,in the
i Austrian, Prussian, and Mexican missions.   The
! first two powers complained of a violation of treaty
1 on our part, and it was proper that ministers of
I the first grade should be retained in ports bo im-
■ portant.   A treaty had lately been concluded with
; Sardinia, relating a subject of high importance,
¡providing for the introduction and transportation
¡of tobacco to all the limits of that kingdom, extend-
ing to the borders of Switzerland, France, &c. and
thus opened the door to an extension of the tobacco
trade.   All  the 22 cantons of Switzerland, save
one, (Valíais,) were free to its  admission.     In
France it was a Government monopoly, and sold
under high duties to the population, producing to
the French Government a revenue more than half
as great as that of the United States,  from  all
sources whatever.
Mr. BELL called the attention of Mr. Jones to
the superintendence of the architect of the public
buildings. He thought the circumstances were
such as called loudly for some provision of law.
He then recurred to disbursements made for the
erection of the branch mint at Dahlonega, in Geor-
gia. The officers by whom these disbursements
were made were appointed, he believed, at the dis-
cretion of the President, and no law existed requi-
ring securities to be taken. In- relation to the
buildings in this city the Board of Inspectors, with-
out any direct violation of law, had brought Con-
gress under an obligation which no House of Re-
presentatives dare refuse to discharge. He did not
refer to this as a charge against the Administration,
but only to show the need of further provision oh
that subject.
Mr. JONES said the Committee of Ways and
Means had not had this subject before them, and
no bill had been drawn in the case.
Mr. BELL referred to the case of work done on
the raft of the Red river, where Congress had been
brought under a similar obligation without any au-
thority of law. Here there were three cases, all
showing the necessity of further legal provision to
prevent the recurrence of such abuses.
Mr. JONES could not see how ihis subject par-
ticularly pertained to the Committee of Ways and
Means. It seemed impossible to satisfy gentlemen.
If, in such cases, men were not employed, the Ad-
ministration were blamed; if men were employed,
the Administration were no less censured. Mr. J.
invited Mr. B. to present a bill to suit the cases re-
ferred to by him. It should have Mr. J's hearty
support.
Mr. BELL rejoined, reminding Mr. J. that he
had expressly disclaimed all intention to bring
any charge in this matter against the Government.
As to his own bringing in a bill on the subject,
he perceived it would be utterly in vain. There
might|certainly be some arrangement in relation
to the buildings at Washington, fixing the
responsibility somewhere, and let it be no longer
vagrant between the architect, superintendent, and
Board of Inspectors. Let some one have legal
control of disbursements, so that responsibility
might be fixed.
The question being now put, the amendment was
agreed to.
So it was left discretional with the Executive
Department to replace the Minister to Spain by a
jQhMge.
Mr. CUSHING made explanations, and advert-
