V
A
CONGRESSIONAL GÍ.OBÉ.
i
3/3
ed to a report, stated to him in letters, &c. that
Great Britain was endeavoring. to obtain from
Mexico posse:sion of Upper California, with a
view to its relation to the territories of the United
States, and also of taking a cession of territory as
sscurity for Mexican bonds in England.   She was /
said, also, to have in view the establishment in/
that quarter of a colony of free blacks.   Heno*
be urged the necessary of sleepless vigilance over
the movements of the  British   Government in. I
Mexico.    If the object of England be accom-j
plished (said Mr. C.) we shall be in the grasp of .
the boa constrictor.    He was opposed to any fur-1
ther extension of British territory on the Americanf
frontier.   His argument, from these views, was,
that a minister should be retained in Mexico.    He
also opposed any change in the Prussian and Aus-
trian raissioas, and went into some remarks on the
importance   of  our interests with  the  Austrian ¡
Government, especially in reference to tobacco and ^
cotton.    One  of the   benefits  obtained for our
trade by the late minister at Austria had been the
removal of a forty days' quarantine in her ports.
He dwelt on the advantages thus obtained for the
cotton trade.   Similar benefits were to be hoped
for the tobacco trade and the fisheries. The cost of
the mission was a bagatelle, in comparison to these
benefits.   He then examined the importance of
our mission to Prussia.   A Prussian aibiier was to
settle all questions arising between us and Mexico,
on cur treaty with the latter.   Prussia was at the
head of the  German commercial league, which
was gradually revolutionizing the trade of the con-
ti íent, entirely to the advantage of American trade
and manufactures; and hence he opposed a substi-
tution of a charge for a minister at the^ Prussian
Court.    Negotiations, at this day,  had reference
chiefly to commercial treaties—which afforded an
indication of the spread and strength of the spirit
of peace among the nations.
He agreed with Mr. Joni* a* to the beneficial
character sf the late treaty with Sardinia, and ar-
gued the propriety of our having a charge in that
country. 'Die relations thus established were im-
portant in a p3litic.il as well as commercial point
of view. We were competitors wi'h France And
England, which expos d us to collisions with both
those powers, and hence it was our interest to be on
amicable relations with the other nations of Eu-
rope who ha I hule maritime power, especially those
on the Mediterranean.
Mr. C. concluded by expre«sing his hope that (he
missions to Austria, Prussia, and Mexico, would be
suffered to remain as they were.                          --■"'
"Mr. PROFF1T commented on the remarks of
Mr. C. as impr- per from a member of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations. That gentleman's
remaiks on a former occasion had operated inju-
riously to us abroad, and tended to produce an im-
pression that there wa' a party in this coHniry jea-
lous and unfriendly towards   great Britain.
Mr. CUSHING, in defence, adver.ed to sugges-
t'ons made last evening by the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Evkrett,] and insisted that his re-
marks were in order, and to the point. Because
he was a member of ihe Conrnittee on Foreign Af-
fairs, was his mouth to be closed in all that íela'td
to our foreign affairs? It was an extraordinary
doctrine, and app'ied to no other committee. He
had adverted not to mere rumor , bat to subjects
with which British publications were teeming.
Were we to be restrained from discuss ng our own
affairs io our own way, from a dread of the British
newspapers, or some sensitive member of the Bri-
tish Parliament? He might speak by the hour, the
day, or the week, on party questions, and nobody
would *ay a word against it; but as soon as he
touched the vital, permanent interests of the na-
tioD, he was to be lectured, and catechized, and
choke! down. He spoke as he had a right to speak;
as a member of the House and of Congress, as an
American, he claimed a right to speak freely and
Jujjy on all national questions.                            __
Mr. EVERETT adverted to the remarks he had
made last evening. What he had said then he had]
not said as a member of the Committee on Foreigi
Affairs, but simply on his own responsibility. II
had trodden with great care; he had made no mo
Uon to strike oat the clause in question, but had
j only suggested some changes in the grades of some
, of our foreign ministers, with a view to economy.
He had no wish to dispense with any mission, such
as those to Prussia and Austria, which was benefi-
cial to Southern inteiests,so long as they were doing
any thing; but if not, he was for reducing their ex-
pense. He had had the impression that, since our
treaty with Mexico, there could be no duties which
required the presence of a full minister there. He
should make no motion, but, leave the question to
_jhe discretion of the Executive.
Mr. PROFFIT responded with warmth to Mr.
Cushinu; and being called to order, and ralsd to be
out of order, resumed his seat.
Mr. STANLY then moved to strike out the
item for sa'.aries to Charges to Belgium and Na-
ples, on the ground that their neglecting to prevent
the frauds of Messrs. Price and Swanwout, dis-
qualified them for so responsible a station.
Mr. DROMGOOLE contended, that admitting
the allegation were true, that was no reason why
our relations with Belgium and Naples should
cease, which would be the effect of the gentle-
man's motion, should it prevail. He said it would
be obvious that the withholding of a ministerV-
salary d-d put an end, while it continued, to our
intercourse with a nation to whom such minister
was sent. The incompetency of individuals, even
admitted, was no reason fot discontinuing a public
mission abroad.. He would not be drawn into a
>nsider*tirn of the charges formerly reported
gainst these individuals. They had been lawful-
ly appointed. No complaint was made of the
ischarge of their duties abroad, and he would
tot vote to discontinue their salaries.
Messrs. GRAVES and GRAHAM of North
Carolina advocated the amendment.
Í Mr. VANDERPOEL thought this a most extra-
jordinary proceeding. The report of the Invest-
igating Committee had been quoted, which report
/ referred to men who had no notice of such exami-
j nation, some of whom were abroad at the time it
[ took place, and at home the whole proceeding was
tx parte. Gentlemen wished to cut off the salar.es
of Messrs. Maxcy and Throop, both of whom
were out of the country at the time the committee
were at New York. Was such a course fail?
Was the House resolved into a s'ar chamber to
condemn men without notice, or opportunity to
defend themselves? Mr. V. then alluded to the
friendship which existed betwsen Swartwout and
the Whigs, and to the fact that, when the former
left office, the merchants presented him with a
servke of plate, as a testimony of their esteem.
The fault of Messrs. Maxcy and Throop was, that,
with men of ?11 parties, they had placed too much
confidence in him, and yet for this confidence, their
services abroad, how valuable soever, must be cut
off.    He thought it very unjast.
Mr. SMITH of Maine contended that the item
in the bill did not at all involve the qualifications
of the incumbents of the office proposed to be abo-
lished. He then called the attention of the com-
mittee to a case of culpable neglect and extrava-
gance which had once excited the attention of th'
whole country. He alludel to the appointment of
General Harrison as Miniver Plenipotentiary to
Colombia by Mr Adams. ¡It would be fiofuod that
the hero of North Bend received his |9jé00 outfit
ond $9,000 salary, as Minuter to Colombia, and
yet, instead of proceeding at once to hijpost—
Mes-rs. C. JOHNSON, GRAVER and others,
here called Mr. S. tj ordef, on the ground of iire-
levancy.
Mr. SMITH. Ah! I see how jit is. I see the
shot tells. Whenever I hive a -shot that tells, I
always know it, because the pigeons flutter. 1 ge-
nerally take pretty good aim, and it it perhaps na-
tural that the birds should flutter, when taey know
the shot will take effect.         J
After si'tne debate on the point of order, the
CHAIR decidwl that Mr. SjJÍth was in order.
Mr. SMITH then resqrjfed, and said it was a
well known fact that, after the appointment of
Gen. Harrison as Minister to Colombia, at a sala-
ry of $9,000, with an outfit of $9,000, instead of
proceeding at once to his post, he remained quietly
luxuriating for six months at his palace at North
Bend; and it was not until after the election of the
"'    /iw¿F
Hero of New Orleans that ha saw the. A9QttU}y of
making tracks for Colombia. This oafidj not be
denied; and while gentlemen were attempting to
implicate Messrs. Maxcy and Throop, by a report
not acted upon by the Hou«e, he wished them to
remember the conduct of the Hero of North Bend.
After some remarks from Mr. GRAVES,
Mr. ADAMS said he had no recollection as to
whether Gen. Harrison had, or had not, received
the amount of his salary and outfit. He believed,
however, that the general practice had been not to
pay ministers their outfits until they were ready to
set out on their missions, and never to advance
them their salaries till they Bet out. From this
general rule there were many exceptions, to enable
gentlemen, in particular cases, to settle their pri-
vate affairs, before leaving the country, and there
might have been some advances of outfit, but none,
so far as he knew, of salary. If there were such
in the case ef Gen. Harrison, he knew there were
circumstances which, if made known, wquki justi-
fy it. Mr. A. then complained that whenever a
charge was made «gainst anr officer, which it Mr  
in the power of Congress to correct, the gentlemen
from Maine would call up some casa of equal or
gteater corruption which happened previously.
Mr. SMITH. That is a very good mode of set-
tling accounts.
Mr. STANLY contended that the President, in
appointing Messrs. Throop and Maxcy to officr,
had treated the report of the Investigating Commit-
tee with contempt. He replied to ¡tar. Drom-
goolk, whose course, he said, was harder to define
than that of an eagle in the air, or a seipent on a
rock.
Mr. CURTIS was proceeding io defend the
course of the Investigating Committee, of which
he had been a member, when
Mr. VANDERPOEL disclaimed having in.
timated any impropriety on the part of the com 
mittee.
Mr. CURTIS then quoted largely fr.>m h  re-
port, with a view of showing that had Mr. Throop
exercised proper caution, the defalcations of Swart-
wout would never have occurred. He had no
idea that Mr. Throop had connived at the fraud
commuted, but had be done his duiy that-: fraud
could never have succeeded. Mr. 0. was under-
stood to deny that any service of plate had been
presented to Swartwout.                     „ .,. ¡ -       ,
Mr. VANDERPOEL rejoined. He had hither-
to forborne to enter into the political disunions of
the House, bat when he heard old: aad long tried
friends accused, who had honorably discharged
higiand important duties, he could ¡not: sit still
and abstain from defending them. He then went
into a review of Mr. Tnroop's political history,
and to ihe time when he was elevated to the gu-
bernatorial chair of the State of New York. Yes,
said Mr. V. I remind my colleague of the good old
time when he and I worked shoulder to shoulder
in supporting Mr. Throop and. the Jackson cause.
Mr. V. represented that the head and froat of the
offence was, that Mr. Throop bad" been too confid-
ing in Mr. Swartwout. His colleague could mot,
and dare not, intimate any thing against his honor
and integrity. Then, was it an honorable and
Christian spirit to visit such au offence by cutting
off the present appropriation?
Mr. CURTIS denied having said any thing fur-
ther against Mr. Throop than his neglect of the
duties of h;s station. He was set as a check upon
Swartwout, and his confidence in his frie.id had
induced him wholly to neglect the duties he was
appointed to perform.
Mr. VANDERPOEL asked, where was the ne-
cessity of going back to the neglects of an indivi-
dual's pa.t life. Such a principle, if carried out
would lead to the most disastrous consequences.
He cited the case of excessive confidence.reposed
by the directors of a bank in their cashier. The
bank exploded, but were the directors visited with
unrelenting condemnation ever after? He pro- 
tested against such a course.
Mr. DROMGOOLE contended that, should ,an
impeachment be instituted against these CHarges,
as such, the testimony of their conduct in another
office would be pronounced irrelevant. His principal
object, however, in rising,« as to notice the Strang*
