subject to toe same remark*. It had grown up of
late, and was directed to the good of the State .
In 1824 it was nothing; in 1839 it was $1,775,914.
In the three preceding years it was, respectively, in
rwind numbers, $6,000,000, #6,500,000, and $5,500,-
000. This is one of the largest heads of increased ,
expenditure in recent years, and one of the most
indispensable for the States of the South and West.
It is appurtenant to the purchase of the Indian
lands; and, althoogh large, yet the sales of the
lands will far more than reimburse it.
18.  And, finally, Mr. B. noted the sum of
$232,369 for miscellaneous ov ject , not reduceable
to a precise head, which swelled the list of expen-
ditures, without belonging to the expenses of the
Government.
19.  The Exploring Expedition was th? last of
the items. It was of recent origin, amount ng to
$97,968 in 1839, and to about $560,000 for the
three preceding years.
These are the eiihteen heads of extraordinary
expenditure, said Mr. B. and the amount expended
for each; and now let gentlemen of the Opposition
say for which of these they did not vote, to which
th«y now object, and for which they will not vote
again at this session?
With this view of the tabular statements Mr. B.
closed the examination of the items of expendi-
ture, and stated the results to be a reduction of the
37 million aggregate in 1839, like that of the 32
million aggregate in 1824, to about one-third of its
amount. The very first item, that of the payment
of public debt in the redemption of Trea ui y notes, J
reduced it 11 millions of dollars: it sunk it from 37
millions to 36. The other eighteen items amount
ed to $12,656,977, and reduced the 26 millions to
134. Here then is a result which is attained by
the same process which applies to the year 1824,
and to every other year, and which is right in it- ,
self; and which must put to flight and to shame all
the attempts to excite the country with this bug-
bear story of extravagance. In the first place the
aggregate expenditures have not increased three-
fold in fifteen years; they have not risen from 13 to
39 millions, as incontinently asserted by the Oppo-
sition; but from 32 millions to 37 or 39. And how
have they risen? By paying last year 11 millions
for Treasury notes, and more than 12 millions for
Indian lands, and wars, removals of Indians, and
increase of the army and navy, and other items as
enumerated. The result is a residuum of 134 mil-
lions for the real expenses of the Government; a
sum 14 millions short of what gentlemen proclaim
would be an economical expenditure. They all
say that 15 millions would be an economical ex-
penditure: very well! here is 134! which is a mil- 1
lion and a half short of that mark.
The authentic tables show that the aggregate
expenditures for 1824, came within five millions of
those of 1839; consequently that, without a deduc-
tion for extraordinary expenditures, the charge of
extravagance, waste, ruin, profligacy, «fee. might
have been raised again t the Administration of that
day, and some uninfoimed persons excited against
it by a groundless clamor; yet no one thought of
raising such a clamor in 1824. Ne one then
thooghtof charging, as extravagance, payments on
account of the pub,'ic debt, and for indemities to
merchants, and other extraordinary expenses.
Then all parties made the proper deductions for
payments either temporary or extraordinary in
their sature. No one sought to mystify or to
impose apon the ignorant. No one thought of
palming a story of thirty-two millions upon the
country as the expenses of the country. All that
has been reserved for the present times; it
has been reserved for our day; and may have
been attended for a while with the ephemeral suc-
cess which crowns for a moment the p#tty arts of
delusion practised upon the ignorant. Bui the day
for this delusion has gone by. The classified ta-
bles, now presented, will reach every citizen, and
will cleat up every doubt. They will enable every
citizen to see every item of expenditure—to judge
it himself—and to demand of the Opposition gen-
tlemen, if they did not vote for it themselves, and
if they now object to it? Taking the extraordinary
items as they rise, and beginning with the first, the
sum of eleven millions paid for redemption of
CQNGBFSSIONAL GLOBE.
Treasury notes; and it can be demanded if that
payment was not right? and so on through the
whole list, amounting to twelve and a half mil-
lions. The ordinary and permanent expenses,
amounting to thirteen and a half millions, no one
objects to: all admit that that sum is a mil-
lion and a half within the mark of meri-
torious economy. It is on the extraordinanes
—it is on the difference between thirteen and a
half and thirty-seven millions—that the attack
is made; and now we produce these extraordina-
ries. We give a list of them, item by item,
with the amount paid on account of each; and
call upon the gentlemen of the Opposition to name
the one to which they object? to name the one for
which they did not vote? This is what we do;
and I wid tell you, Mr. President, what they will
do: they will not name One item to which they now
object, or against which they voted ! They will
not name one; and «he reason is, because they
cannot! They voted for all—they approve all—
the country will approve all, except part for pen-
sions and harbors, and of the«e the Opposition
were the leading advocates. And thus these
gentlemen of the Opposition are presented in the
extraordinary light of going abroad to make a
general denunciation of the Administration for
extravagant expenditure; and when we show
them the bill of particular*, and ask of them to
point out the extravagant items, or the ones for
which they did not vete, they will remain silent!
Thev will name no item, because they cannot.
Mr. B. said that this Administration, and that of
General Jackson, were ready for a comparison with
any that preceded them. Aggregates against ag-
gregates, or items against item1', they were ready
for the comparison. If any one shall say that the
expense* of the Government were thirty seven mil-
lions in 1839, or thirty-nine millions in 1838, we
answer that this is only five or seven millions more
than the aggregate of 1824; that the aggregate was
then thirty-two millions, and the increase is onlv
in proportion to the increase of the country. If,
descindmg from aggregates and going into items,
it is' said that sixteen millions must be deducted
from the aggregate of 1824 for payments to the
public debt, and eight millions more for indemni-
ties and other extraordmaries, we answer that eleven
millions must be deducted from the aggregate of
1839 for redemption of Treasury notes, and twelve
and a half millions more fur Indian wars, treaties,
and removals, and a dozen other extraordmaries.
This biings the thirty-seven (Town to thirteen and a
half; and at that point complaint ceases.
Mr. B. said that the table* which were presented
treated every Administration alike. Beginning in
the last year of Mr. Monroe, they came down
through the term of Mr. Adams, and the two
terms of General Jackson, and the three years
which had elapsed under Mr. Van Buren. All
were treated alike. The same ru'e was applied to
the expenditures under each one. The aggregate
was given m every case first; and then the extra-
ordinary, separated from the ordinary expendi-
tures, and the same items charged and credited in
every case. In looking at the aggregates, it will
be seen that every Administration needed this
classification; that the aggregate under Mr.
Adamas administration was not thirteen millions,
as jepeated so many millions of times, but about
the double of that! and that this thirteen millions
for that gentleman's administra.'ion was only at-
tained by deducting extraordinarias! by going
through the very process which reduces the expen-
diture under Mr. Van Buren to thirteen and a half
millions. The smallest aggregate in the whole
table is that of 1835, under Gen. Jackson's admi-
nistration, when the public debt had ceased, and
the Indian wars had not begun. The aggregate
for that year is seventeen millions and a half
Even including the extraordmaries of that
year, and ihe aggregate was but seventeen
millions and a half! And so it will be again.
As soon as we are done paying the Trea-
sury notes, which are issued in li<>u of our
misplaced revenue, and so soon as oar Indian trou-
bles are over, and the payments completed for re-
moval of Indian.*, and purchase of their lands, the
aggregate expenditures will come down to about
____   3^1
what they were in 1835; and the ordinary expenses
will be within fifeen millions.
Mr. B. demanded who ever deemed it an ex-
pense of the Government, when Mr. Jefferson
purchased Louisiana at fifteen millions of dollars?
And who could think of charging as an expense
the large sums which had been lately paid in ex-
tinguishing Indian titles, and in removing Indians?
One would as soon think of charging, among the
expenses of a family, the ou'lay which should be
made by a prudent and thrifty farmer in purchas-
ing additional land, and inclosing it with fences, or
covering it with improvements. The extinction
of the Indian titles—the acqusition of their lands
for settlement and cultivation—and the removal
of the Indians themselves from all the States, was
one of ihe great measures which illustrated Gene-
ral Jackson's administration, and was beneficial
both to the Indians and to the States. So great an
object could not be effected without a large ex-
penditure of money; and who is there now to stand
up and condemn the Administration for this expen-
diture?   Who wants these Indians back?   Who
! wants Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and all the
¡ other States, again incumbered with the Indians
¡ which have left them?
! Tbat the expenses of the Government had in-
creased in the last twelve or fifteen years, Mr. B.
said was just as certainly true as it was naturally
to have been expfc'ed. The country itself had
increased in that time: several new States had
been admitted into the Union, and several
new Territories had been created. An additional
impetus had been given to the public defences in
the increase of ihe army andnavy—wars with seve-
ral Indian tribes had intervened—vast purchases
of Indian lands had been eflected—whole tribes,
nay, whole nations of Indians, had been removed,
and removed to a vast distance, and at a vast ex-
pense. This latter expenditure was chiefly for rhe
benefit of the Sou h and West; but where is the
man in any quarW of the Union that can stand
up and condemn it?
Sir, I admit an increased expenditure; and, far
from concealing, I exhibit and proclaim it. I dis-
play Ihe items; they are spread out in the state-
ments now under discussion; I point them out to
the country. I say they will be found, principal-
ly, in the navy—in the army—in the Indian de-
partment—in the pensions— in the light-house es-
tablishment—in Indian wars—in the defence of the
frontiers, North and West—in fortifications—m
preparing aims a d munitions of war—in ihe legi->-
lative department—in permanent and durable fire
proof public buildings—and in assuming the foreign
debt, and making other expenditures for the District
of Columbia. In these branches of the service
will the increases he principally found, and I supj
ported them all except the increase for pensions, har-
bors, some of the light-houses, and the book printing
part cf ihe legislative expenses. I supported all
except these: b«t the gentlemen of Ihe Opposition
supported all that I did, and these besides; and
now go forth to raise a cry of extravagance !
Mr. B. said the Oppositioi not only voted for
these increased expenditures, but in some instan-
ces greatly augmented them This was the case in
the Indian expenditures, and especially among the
Cherokees. The Opposition sat themselves up for
the guardians of these Indians: they seemed to
make political alliance with ihem. The Indians
became parties to our politics: the Opposition be-
came allies to them; and the result was double
trouble, and double expense, and double delay,
and double vexation of every kind with those In-
dians; un'il it required a military force to compel
them to comply with treaties which gave ihem
millions more tnan they ought to have received!
The Opposition not only voted for all the in-
creases, and caused some of them to be augmented,
but they attempted many enormous expenditures
which the Democratic members opposed and pre-
vented. Let any one took to the bills which were
rejected, either in the Senate or in the House of
Repre-enta ives; let any one look to the number
of these bills, and the tens of millions, in the ag-
gregate, with which they were freighted, and then
say what the expenses would have been if '^op-
position had been in power.   One of these bill 
