3S£
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
alone, the French spoliation bill, was for five mil-
lions of dollars; others were for vast sums, e<pe-
cially the harbor bills. They were rejected by the
votes of Democratic members; and if they hid not
been—if they Wad passed—they would have swelled
the thuty seven to near fi'ty millions; and would
have been charged upon us as reckless, wasteful,
homb e extravagance.
Mr B. said that financial statements were a dif-
ficult subject to handle—hard for a speaker to un-
derstand himself, and harder still  to make himself
be understood by others.    It was a point at whiGh
the mo t unfounded impressions might be made on
the public  mind—on  which  ihe greatest   errors
might be propagated.   Yet it was a point on which
conect information   shou'd be disseminated—on
which every citizen should be liiormed—which
every one should make it his  business  to under-
stand.    Economy should be the cardinal virtue of
a free Government, anl the whole body of the citi
lens should be the guardians of that virtue.   Tney
should guard the national finances; and  for that
purpose should understand them.   They should
know how much money was raised, for whit pur-
pose, and how expended.   They could not  be too
jealous   of    the   misapplication   of   the   pobhc
money*;    they     could      not     scrutinize    too
closely   the   public   accounts.   Those   accounst
couldnotbe toooften presented to them, norm a form
loo simple and obvious.   It has been m   endeavor,
said Mr. B.  both in calling for ihe v tatements
which had just come in from the Treasury, and in
what I have said upon them, to Dresent the difficult
subject of our finances in a plain, obvious, and in-
telligible form.   My object has been to elucidate,
and not to mystify—to enlighten, and not to con-
fase.   I have endeavored to present a full, plain,
and authentic statement of the public expenditure"!;
such as every citizen can s-e  and comprehend
Our adversaries present an aggregate—rush at the
passions, and   endeavor to alarm, or to enrage,
the people.   I present the part culars, and ask íor
their deliberate judgment.   Sir, I have confidence
in the capacity of my countrymen.    I ha\e confi-
dence in their capacity fortelf-govemment; in their
moral and intellectual capan'y for governing them-
selves—for sustaining and carrying on the frame
of ^Government which our ancestor* rrovided for
us.    I believe that my fellow   citizens   possess
the requiii e qualities for self government—juJg-
ment to understand—virtue to choose—aud pa-
triotism to sustain—the pnncip'e  and the mea-
sures which are best for themselves.    I do not be-
lieve in the monarchical idea, that the people are
ignorant, venal, faenous, that  they have no en-
lightened views of men or measures, that reason,
truth, and sound argument, are lost upon them, as
peai Is thrown to the swine, that the  only way to
govern them is to bamboozle and debauch them.
I believe in none of these monarch cal opinions, and
have never practised upon them.   I  have never
addres-ed myself to the supp< sed ignorance, ve-
na uy, (action, or caprice ot my countrymen, but
aiwajs to their mtel ígence, virtue, and patriotism.
The argumentum ad ignoranhani has had no  place
in my speeches: the a> gumenlum ad judicium  has
been my aim.    I cannot say that I  have spoken
with judgment, but I can affirm that I have al-
ways paid my eoun'rymen   the   comp unent of
speaking to their accredited judgment—never to
their supposed iolly.    I have spoken  to the ra-
tional minds,  to the virtuous hearts, and to the
lo'ty generous, and patriotic feelings of my coun-
trymen, and I am too .veil content with the  effect
which this plan of speaking has had, to change it
now.   Facts, and reasons, are my materials—sim-
plicity my style      Away with exordium—away
with   peroration—away   with holyday phrases—
away  with   theatrical   display—away   with   all
fisures, but figures of arithmetic, and of these I give
many, and never more than in this short speech
This has been my plan of speaking, afid lnis it is
now.      I  have procured plain  statements to be
made out, and have delivered a plain speech upon
them.    I have endeavored to make myself inteli-
gib'e on a subject m which intelligibility is some-
what difficult—on which it is easy for the speaker
to get both himself and his hearers into a foa.    1
have aimed at perspicuity, and flatter myself that Í
have been understood. I wish the country to judge
the expenditures of the Government—the particu-
lars as well as the aggregate—and therefore place
the whole before the public. Our adversaries at-
tack the aggregate: Let them examine the particu-
lars, and name the one to which they object, and
for which they did not vote'
Mr. B. then appealed to Senators of the Demo-
cratic patty to name the number of extra copies of
the report which they would propose to print, pro-
fssang htmselt ready to agree to any number that
was satisfactory to his fnends.
Mr. HUBBARD propos°d thirty thousand.
Mr. BENTON accepted the proposition, and
moved that thirty thousand extra copies of the re-
port be printed tor (he use ot the Senate.
This motion gave rise to a very interesting and
animated discussion, in which Messrs. BROWN,
HUBBARD, CALHOUN, and BUCHANAN,
advocated, and Messrs. PRESTON, SOUTHARD,
CLAY, of Kentucky, and WEBSTER, opposed
the motion, and a sketch of which will be given
at an early day.
The question being then on printing thirty thou-
sand extra copies ot the report, it was agreed to—
yeas 22 nays 14, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs.    Allen,    Anderson,    Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Cuthbert,   Fulton,   Hubbard,   King,   Lumpkin,
Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, 8e
vier, S uigeon, Wall, Williams, and Wright—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Cay of Kentucky,  Clayton,
Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Knisht, Purler, Prentiss,
Preston, Ruggles, Southard, Tallmadge,  Webster,
and White—14.
The Senate then adjorned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, May 7,1840.
Pursuant to adjournment, the House of Repre-
sentatives re-assembled this day, at 12 o'clock.
The SPEAKER announced the business first in
order to be the report or the select committee ap-
pointed to investigate the facts relative to the re-
cent breach of privileee on ihe floor of the House.
Mr. ADAMS reminded the House that this was
the day set apart for the consideration of the bill
numbered 100, heretofore repor'ed by him from the
Committee on Manufactures, entitled ' A bill to en-
sure the more faithful execution of the laws relat-
ing to the col'ection of duties on imports."
Mr. A. «aid it appeared doubtful whether any
u>e or benefit would anse from the consideration
of the report of the select committee on the ques-
tion of privilege; and, in his opinion, the best way
to dispose of it was to get rid of it at once. He
moved, therefore, to lay it on the table.
Mr. BRIGGS hoped the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Adams] wou'd modity his motion
so as to postpone the consideration of the report to
a fuiure day.
Mr. ADAMS thereupon moved that the further
consideration of the report be postponed until
Thursday next, which motion prevailed.
And the fuither consideration of the report was
postponed accordingly.
Mr. ADAMS then moved that the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the bill above mentioned; which
motion was aereed to.
Mr. ATHERTON intimated that the bill mak-
ing appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Goverment, for the year 1840, had
undergone some amendments in the Senate.
Two of these were mere amendments of form;
the third might give rise to a little debate. He
thought, however, that they might all be disposed
of in a short space of time, all of them being of
such a nature as not to require commitment. He
hoped, therefore, that when the bill was sent from
the Senate the House would take it up and
dispose of the amendments at once.
Mr. ADAMS intimated that one of the amend-
ments was of a character which, at a former ses-
sn n, had given rise to some difference of < pinion
between the two Houses, the result of which had
been the appointment of a Committee of Con-
ference.    He would desire that questioi to be
disposed of with a fall House.   He hoped that
the House would go into committee on the bill
indicated by him; and, when the House was more
full, the amendments in the other bill might be
taken up and disposed of.
The suggestions on both sides were acceeded to.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, who had for some time
past been detained from the House by mdirposi-
tion, a^ked that the House, the same cause conti-
nutng, would relieve him from further service on
the Committee on Military Affairs.
And Mr. J. was excused accordingly.
A message was received from  the  Senate, by
Mr A. Dickins, their Secretary, setting forth that
the Senate had passed the bill making appropria-
tions for the civil and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year 1840, wi'h certain amend-
ments, m which the concurrence of the House was
requested.
On leave given, Mr. CARTER presented cer-
tain additional testimony; which was referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
COLLECTION OF DUTIES ON IMPORTS.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, the House resolved
itself into Committee ot the/Whole on the state of
the Union (Mr. B|:ll of Tennessee in the chair) on
the "bill to ensufle the mfcre faithful execution of
the laws relating to the collection of duties on im-
ports "                           /
Mr. A. asked that, before the reading of the bill,
one of the petitions on which it was founded
might be read. The Sections of the bill were ac-
commodated to th¡e prayer of the petitioners. There
were as many as' fifty petitions coming from all
the rnanufacturing,j5iates of the Union, setting forth
the difficulties that existed in the collection of the
revenue. The object of the bill was to remedy
these inconveniences, and to ensure the collection
of the revenue.
One of the petitions was accordingly read by the
Clerk.
After which, the bill, having been first read
through, was taken up by sections. And the first
section bemg under consideration—
Mr. RHETT said that this bill had been re-
ported some time since, and that there had been
laid on the table a number of amendments thereto;
say from 15 to 20. If these amendments had
"overed the objections which he entertained against
the bill, he would have had nothing to say, bat
would have let the sense of the committee be taken
upon them, and the bill be passed, if the House so
determined.
The CHAIR inquired of the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Rhktt] whether he proposed
to amend the first sectun of the bill?
Mr. RHETT said he was opposed to the whole
bill.
The CHAIR said the gentleman could then stale
his objections te the bill alter the sections had been
gone through with in order.
Mr. RHETT moved to recommit the bill to the
Committee on Manufactures.
The CHAIR said the motion was not in order.
Mr RHETT thereupon moved to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill. In support of this
motion, Mr. R. addressed the committee at consi-
derable length, setting forth tae objections be
he'd against the bill, and which, in substance, are
as follows*
He said he did not desire to extend protection to
those who commititd frauds upon the revenue.
He wished that a bill should be passed, but he
wished it to be such a one as was in conformity to
the Constitution of the United States. He did not
think that the present bill was so; and, from the
number of amendments which the Committee on
Manufactures had themselves proposed—aone of
which, however, embraced the constitutional objec-
tions which he entertained, and which were four in
number—the bi'l was evidently in so crude a state
as to render it unwise to act upon it in its present
form. As, however, the Chair had decided that a
motion to recommit was not in order, he had sub-
stituted for it a motion to strike out the enacting
clause.
And the question having been stated to the com-
mittee,
Mr. RHETT proceeded.     He did not wish to
