say any thing which might look like a reflection on
the collector of the port of New York; so far as he
(Mr. R.) knew any thing of that gentleman, he
was worthy of all the confidence which was re-
posed in him. Nor, he (Mr. R ) hoped, would
any gentleman suppose it to be his wish that frauds
perpetrated on the revenue should not be sup-
pressed. He would go as far as any man in all
proper means to suppreis them; for if it was right
that laws should exist, it was right, also, that they
should be enforced. It was due to the honest and
upright merchants of the country that such frauds
should bs suppressed; and if the bill had not been
liable to objections under the Constitution, he
should have left it to those who represent the com-
mercial interests, the large commercial cities, in
ord-rihat they might arrange its details and pro-
visions.
The first objection which he entertained wastothe
sixth section, (which he asked the Clerk again to
read,) and which is as follows:
"Sec. 6. And be it farther enacted, That it shall
be lawful for the collector or appraisers of any
port or district to call before him or them, and ex-
amine, upon oath, any owner, importer, or con-
signee, or other person, touching any matter or
thing which they may deem material in ascertain-
ing the ownership or true value of any goods,
wares, or merchandise, imported or enteieJ, or
which may be about to be entered, and to require
the production, on oath, to the collector, or t  any
permanent appraiser, of any letters, accounts, or
invoices, m the possession or under the con'rol of
such owner, importer, or consignee, relating to the
same; for which purpose they are authorized to ad-
Hiinister oaths, and to pat such interrogatories or
questions as such collector oc appraisers shall
deem proper; and if such owner, importer, or con-
signee, on being served with personal notice,
one day before the time appointed for attend-
ing before such collector or appraisers, *hall
fail to attend, unless prevented by sickness or
by the consent of the collector, or, when attend-
ing, shall decline to answer such interrogato-
ries or questions put by such collector or ap-
praisers, or shall fail to produce any of the letters,
accounts, or invoices before referred to, when and
in the manner required bv said collector, such mer-
chandise shall be forfeited, and the proceeds there-
of distributed according to law. And in case a
notice so to appear before any such collector or
appraisers shall be served by being left at the usual
place of business of such owner, importer, or con-
signee, and he shall fail to attend in pursuance of
such notice, for a period of thirty days, ihe appraise-
ment or value fixed upon such merchandise by
said appraisers shall be final and conclusive in all
courts or places, any law or act of Congress to the
contrary notwithstanding; and any person, other
than such owner, importer, or consignee, who hav-
ing been so called, on personal notice, shall fail to
attend before such collector or appraisers, shall
pay one {thousand dollars as a forfeiture to the
United States, t  be recovered as in an action of
debt; and any person who shall swear falsely on
such examination shall be deemed guilty of per-
jury, and if he shall be the owner, importer, or
consignee, the goods, wares, or merchandise shall
be forfeited."
This clause (Mr. R. said) proposed to give the
collector power to summon either the importer,
owner, consigner, or any other person, touching
any matters or things therein enumerated. But it
did not end there. If they did not, on personal
notice given one day before the time appointed
for attendance, the goods were forfeited—the col-
lector (being the informant) to take one half, and
the Government the other, (as under the existing
law.) Now, his (Mr. R 's) objection to this was,
that it gave to Jhe collector judicial power;
that it erected aim into a court, by which he was
to try whether the goods were fraudulently import-
ed or not—a power nnder which he could sum-
mon witnesses and put parties before him upon
oath. He called upon the commit'e  to say in
what portion of the United States such power was
ever given to any public Executive officer—that
he himself, ihe party interested, should be the judge
to call the parties before him, and to condemn
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
hem.    And there was after trial in the matter, be-
cause the section distinctly said :
"And if such owner, importer, or consignee, on
being served with personal notice, one  day before
the time appointed tor attending before such col-
lector or appraisers, shall tail tj attend, unless pre-
vented by sickness or by   the consent of the col-
lector, or, when attending, shall decline to answer
such interrogatories   or  questions   put   by   such
collector or appraisers, or shall fail to pro 'uce any
i of the letiers, accounts, or invcces, before referred
to, when and   in the  manner required by said
1 collector, such merchandise shall be forfeited, and
| the proceeds thereof distributed according to law."
i      Was not this an incongruity with the Constitu
tion ol the United State ?   The amended article of
I  the Constitution [No. 7]  declared that "in suits at
common law, where the value in controveisy shall
I exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury
shall   be   preserved."     Here   the   value   was
| not   twenty   dollars—it  might  be an unlimited
¡ | amount.   The act of 1799 declared that any officer
i who would  te entitled to a share in the penalty
i j should not, if he acted as a witness, have any por-
[ tion of it.   But in this bill there was no such pro-
vision.
Again. This clause compelled the parties to an-
swer on oath before the collector. The fifth
! amended article of the Constitution oí the United
  States declares that no person "shall be compelled,
in any criminal case, to be a witness against him-
self, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
without dua process of law." Here the Constitu-
tion declared that a man should not, in a criminal
case, be a witness against himself. T íe gentleman
probably might say that it is not a criminal case;
yet it was so, because the individual himself was
liable to be indicted, imprisoned, and fined. If an
individual was called ur , he was compelled to an-
swer. How could gentlemen reconcile this provi-
sion wnh our institutions—that a man should be
compelled to criminate himself—and that, if he did
not answer, his goods, as provided in this bill,
sh >uld be forfeited? Mr. R alluded to ihe ancient
law of England, where, in case of an accused par-
ty standing mute, a jury were compelled to find the
fact; yet, under th's bill, without any jury render-
ing a verdict at all, the forfeiture ensued immedi-
ately and irreclaimably; and thus a man's whole
estate might be put upon an issue of this kind be-
fore the collector.
Mr. R. then alluded te the penalty imposed by
this section upon non-attending witness ; and
contended that such a penalty had never been
known s.nce the world began. Was it consistent
with that article of the amended Constitution which
declared that "excessive bail should not be re-
quired, nor excessive fines imposed?" Would any
man say that this fine was not excessive? Mr. R.
commented on that portion of the section which
excepts from its penal operation only persons pre-
vented by sickness, or those who were absent by
consent of the collector; and expressed his belief
that a bill filled with such crudities could not ob-
tain the sanction of the committee.
He maintaned the distinction in the Constitu-
tion, in relatien to trial by jury, to be this: the col-
lector might seize the goods, might dispossess the
individuals of them, when there was good ground
to suppjse crime; but there was the beginning and
the end of the power under the Constitution. The
question whether there was fraud or not was a
question of fact. To go beyond that was to vio-
late that clause of the Constitution which guaran-
tied to every man trial by jury.
Mr. R. then turned the attention of the commit-
tee to the 9th section of the bill, which is as fol-
lows:
"Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever a suit shall be tried in any court in the
United States in which is involved any question of
duties on importation of goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, no person having an interest in such question
shall be competent as a witness on such trial, un-
less called to testify by the adverse party."
Mr. R. continued. One of the amendments re-
ported to the bill provided that no person having a
iimilar interest with the party to the suit should be
a competent witness, unless called by the adverse
383
party. Th' section as originally reported said any
interest at all. The amendment rendered the clause
less objectionable than it was; but he still doubted
whether it did not interfere with the right of trial by
jury Because.ifyoualtered the testimony thatshould
go to a jury, you certainly afiVcted ihe trial by jury
itself.   It you could interfere in  one form, you
1 could in another. The principle of the common
law was,  that no man interested in the event of a
, suit should be a competent witness; but the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts went farther, and said
if a peison   had a limitar  interest   he i-hould not
I   be competent.   The common law, did not exclude
I  such a person—it  simply   declared that the fact
I, should go  to his credibility with the jury.    The
gentleman from Massachusetts, not content with
that, would exclude the testimony altogether.
These were grave matters.   He (Mr. R.) might
[ be willing to go as far as the furthest, to detect
and punish frauds; but he would tell gsntlemen
that he would not touch the Constitution of the
United States for the whole revenue of the Union a
million times told over. It was the charter of our
liberties and rights; if it could be touched for one
purpose, it could for another, and so on until all
our liberties might be destroyed.
Mr. R. then called at ention to the 11th section,
which is as follows:
"Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That when
any collector, naval officer, or surveyor, shall have
cause to suspect that any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, in any house, store, or other place, have
been imported into the United States without any
duties having been paid or secured to be paid there-
on, or less duties having been paid thereon, through
the fraud,of the importer or importers, or any per-
son or persons acting on their behalf, than they
are by law subject to pay, then, in every such case,
it shall and may be lawful tor the judge of the dis-
trict court at the d'stnet in which such goods may
be foun I, on application, under oath, of said col-
lector, naval officer, or surveyor, to issue a war-
, rant authorizing such collector, naval officer, or
surveyor, with such assistants as may be necessa-
ry, to enter any such house, store, or other place,
in the daytime only, and there to search for
such goods, wares, or merchandise; and
if any such goods, ware-, or merchandise,
be found in the hands or possession of the original
importer or importers thereof, or any other person
or persons who purchased or received the same,
knowing tbem to have been illegally imported with-
out pijment of the duties required by law, to
sejze and secure the same for trial; and all such
goods, wares, er merchandise, on whuh no duties
have been paid or secured, or on which, through
the fraud of ihe importer or importers, or any per-
son oi persons acting on their behalf, less duties
have been paid or secured, than they are by law
| subject to pay, shall be forfeited; and such collector,
j naval  officer, or surveyor, may, at the time of
, | making such se zure, call on such importer or im-
1  porters to produce and exhibit the original invoices
| of said goods, wares, or merchandise, or comes
thereof; and a refusal to produce the same shall be
considered prima facie evidence of an illegal im-
portation of such goods, wares, or merchandise."
Mr R continued. This section gave the power
of search—a power most jealously guarded by our ■
ancestors—for they knew it was liable to abuse.
The 4th article of the amendments to ihe Constitu-
tion declared that " the right of the people to be
secure in iheir persons, houses, papers, and effects,
against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall
not be violated; and no warrants shall issue, but
upon probable cause, suppo. ted by oath or affirma*
tion, and particularly describing the place to be
searched, and the persons or thirg? to be seized."
Now, could not the gen'leman have put the Con-
stitution into this clause, if he meant it to apply?
Mr. R. contrasted this provision with the provi-
sions of the act of '99.
One would have supposed that five or six objec-
tions were enough; but there wera other objections,
though probably not so great. Mr. R. AeHaUadfld
to that part of the tenth section, wWeH, « **"'
tion to other things, imposed civil di-ability on
public officers found aiding and abetting the com-
mission of frauds.   If the C©i*«ntk>n was now
