384
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
making, he said, he might be willing to sav that
any man convicted of a criminal offence in the
courts of our country should not ho'.d office, but, by
the Constitution of the United S'ate«, th* qualifica-
tions of President and Members of Congress are
fixed.
In the last clause of the 12ih amended article,
it was declared that "no person constitutionally
ineligible to the trnce of President shall be eli-
gible to that of Vice President of the United
States." What was the meaning of constitutional
eligibility? Could Congress superadd to the Consti-
tution of the United States, save by two-thirds?
Could it mperadd a disqual'fication which the
Constitution did not contain? Suppose Mr. Swart-
wout had returned from Europe—suppose that the
laws of the United States had rendered his acts
felony, and that he had been tried, convicted, and
punished; suppose the people should think proper
to elect him Vice President, or even President;
would the gentleman's law, if passed by Congress,
hinder Swarvwout from taking his sea1? No, he
would hold up the Constitution and say, this de-
signates my eligibility, your law is a nullity; and
ao would every tribunal in the land declare. He
(Mr. R) contended that this was not a constitu-
tional provision, unless the Constitution declared
the inability.
Mr. R. after urging one or two more objection',
not of a constitutional character, said that he op-
posed the bill because it gave improper power to
the Executive arm of this country—a power given
in no other country.* If such enormous power were
required to collect duties, it would be infiniiely bet-
ter that this whole system f-hou'd be abandoned.
He believed the great fault of the Constitution was,
that it gave the Government this power of indirect
taxation by duties. He believed we never should
have proper and effectual responsibility in the Go-
vernment, until we came back to a system of direct
taxation. Whenever that time came, we should
find no cause to complain of Executive abuses in
the expenditure of the public money.
Mr. ADAMS obtained the floor, but at the sug-
gestion of Mr. Atherton, yielded it; when, on
motion of the latter gentleman, the committee
lose, and the Speaker of the House having re-
sumed the chair, ihe Chairman of the committee
reported that said conrim'ttee had considered the
bill, and come to no resolution thereon.
O i motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the Hohm;
took up the bill making p.pproprtations for the
civil and diplomatic expsnses ot Government, to
consider the amendments made to that bill by the
Senate.
The two first, which were merely formal, were
concurred in. The third amendment proposed to
strike out the item appropriating 45,000 dollars for
tht Documentary History oí the American Revo-
lution.
Mr. ATHERTON moved  that the House con-
cur with the Senate   in the amendment; and he
went into a long and critical examination of the
contract and the law under which it had been made,
and  urged   the   concurrence   of the   House  in
the   amendment, with a   view to   have an  in-
quiry instituted into all the circumstances of the
case, so that the House might act understandingly.
He disapproved of the manner of the distribution.
If the work was to be progressed with, he was un-
derstood to be in favor of iis distribution to public
libraries of the country, instead of tbe members of
the Twenty-fourth, Twenty-fifth, and Twenty sixth
Congresses, as provided for in  the resolution, au-
thorizing the distribution.     There  W3S no provi-
sión for extending the distribution to the presenter
future Congresses.     He was understood to say
that, by the terms of the contract, the publishers
were   unlimited   at to the size of the volumes.
There had been no person appointed  by the Go-
vernment to superintend the publication; but that
the contractors had the authouty to go on and pub-
lish all the newspapers published in the country at
that time.    He maintained that the proper course
would be for the Hou«e to concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate, and have a committee of  in-
quiry to investigate the nature of the contract; and
to enable such a committee to come to a correct
conclusion,   it would be necessary to  examine
many and voluminous documents. Ttiere was
not then sufficient time affordeJ to make an ex-
amination, such as would justify the House in vot-
ing for the apptopiiation in this bill. They
shou'd vote understandingly when they do
vote; but the exigency which calls for imm"diate
action on the bill, could not afford sufficient time
to bring them to a propvr understanding of the sub-
ject. It was not his intention to do injustice to the
contractors; but was willing to give them the bene-
fits of the contract, so far as it was uodtrstanding-
ly entered into, and acted upon. He thought a
committee of inquiry, to ascertain whether the
prices were conformable to the resolution, and
whether the contract was legal, was right, and pro-
per. He was understood to say, that by a letter of
the Secretary of State, it would appear that a saving
of $200,000 might be effected on the publication,
by an investigation of the matter. Notwithstand
ing the number of volumes was limited to twenty,
which was estimated to cost about $500,000, yet
there wat no limitation to the number of pages in
the volume, and they mi«ht be increased to such an
extent as could make the work cost $1-000,000.
He did not believe that the members of Congress
who voted to authorize the contract believed that
they were voting for the distribution of a million
of dollars, in boiks, among themselves, and their
successors. He then read a report of the Commit-
tbe of Ways and Means, at a former Congress,
showing that tha prices paid were not in conformity
to the act of Congress. He then read the act on
which the prices were based, and a brief his'ory of
the proceedings of Congress in relation thereto, m
proof of his position.
Mr. EVANS spoke in reply, referring to former
discussions in the House on this subject, and con-
tending that Congress was bound by the contract,
and must fulfil it. He considered the objections
advanced by Mr. Atherton as involving the in-
tegrity of Congress and the capacity and know-
ledge of the late Mr. Livingston, (with whom
the contract was made,) and repelled with warmth
the charge that Messrs. Clark and Force had been
guilty of any fraud or impropriety whatever. He
went into a recapitulation of the whole matter
from the beginning: insisted that the contractors
had fully compli«d with their engagement; stated
that the work had been printed, and delivered, and
received at the Departments; and remonstrated
with earnestness against the proposed refu-
sal to appropriate money to pay for it. He
had no objection to a committee of inquiry, if
gentlemen thought it expedient; but, in the
mean time, there was no reason why the sum
now justly due should not be appropriated. He
quoted the opinions of Mr. Livingston on the
work, and scouted the idea advanced by Mr.
Atherton that it was useless, and would never be
read. He adverted to the vast expense incurred
by other nations in illustrating their past history,
and the honors and profits coufeired on those who
colleced and preserved the monuments of that
history for posterity. Tbe prei-eit work was
limited in its extent, was worth mo'e by far than
all its cost; and would be an invaluable contribu-
tion to the libraries of our public literary and po-
litical institutions.
Mr. E. said that it was at the instance of the Se-
cretary of State that Messrs. Clarke and Force
memorialized Congress. They sent in, accompa-
nying this memorial, the correspondence between
the Secretary and themielves, directing the matter
as minutely as it could be. They then stated to
Congress that the work was of such magnitude, so
large and expensive, that it could never be under-
taken by private indiviluals. They gave Con-
gie^s proper warning, and yet gentlemen came for-
ward to make an impression that these gentlemen
had used some decep'ion. They even memorial-
ized Congress to appoint a board of superintend-
ence. The subject was before Congress two years;
and the members were properly informed before
the resolution authorizing the contract was passed.
Congress then saw fit to pass a law authorizing the
Secretary of Siate to make a contract on the basis
of the memorial. The contract was drawn up by
that Secretary without consultation with the
contractors,   and    submitted   to   them.     They
refused to sign it on the ground that the price per
volume was not sufficient. The contraci was then
placed in the hands of the Attorney General. He
decided that the law was ambiguous, so far as it
related to the price to be paid, which was to be
based on the price paid.for the first volume of the
Diplomatic Correspondence. There being two works
differing in the price, the Attorney General decided
that the safest way was for the Secretary to take
the work for which the smallest price was paid per
volume, as a basis. These gentlemen refused to
enter into the contract, believing it should be based
on the highest price; and the Secretary, who felt
great and praiseworthy interest in the matter that
the work should be published, actually solicited
them to enter into the contract as drawn up by him;
and after some assurances, not on paper, they
agreed to do so.
Mr. E. said the contractors had actually de-
livered two volumes of this work, and another was
nearly finished, and would be delivered shortly.
They were actually suffer ng for the money now
due them; and if it was to be withhe'd for the
possible contingency of a modification ot ihe con-
tract, it would be doing them crying injustice; and
he remonstrated against the cruelty, injustice, and
oppression of attempting to coerce the industrious
and enterprising contractors for this work, by keep-
ing them out of iheir just dues,until they might, from
embarrassments, be induced to relinquish their con-
tract. They had already expended $106,000 paid
out, and mostly now due, and for which they
were now daily called upon to meet, ani
the Government had as yet paid them but
$25,000. These gentlemen have been in|every
State of the Union, and in England, collecting
materials for this work; and have had a great num-
ber of clerks transcribing important documents in
all those places, and have actually collected an im-
mense quantity for future volumes. The amount
now proposed to be appropriated would not com-
pensate them for the outlay they have made for
this purpoje alone. It would be ruinous to them
to withhold the money. He then adverted to the
past practice of Government in paying persons to
supervise and edit works, under the patronage
of Congress; but that these gentlemen do not get a
cent for their immense labor of this kind. The
copy of other works referred to was furnish-
ed to the printer in proper order to print;
but these gentlemen are compelled to pre-
pare the matter themselves, and thus to that extent
lesjen the profits on the work. They actually re-
ceive nothing fur the expenditure for the labor of
clerk , and for their editorial labors.
In reply to the arguments advanced for the dis-
continuance of the work, to indemnify the contract-
ors, he said it would cost almost as much to justly
compensate tbem, as it would do to go through with
the contract. Mr. E. said so far as the validity of
the contract was concerned, that the Secretary of
State did make a detailed report, which was refer-
red to the Committee on Finance; and that that
committee made a report, and declared that it was
a valid and binding contract, based on law, and
that the publishers had performed their part of the
contract.
Mr. E. then adverted to Ihe fairness with which
the contractors had acted in their efforts and solici-
tations to prevail on Congress to appoint a board
to which they wished ihe whole matter to be sub-
mitted for investigation—and their anxiety for
Congress to authorize a proper person to supervise
and select the matter for publication. Yet Con-
gress did not choose to do so. They have literally
fulfilled their part of the contract which was made
by the Secretary of State under the direction of the
Attorney General; yat gentlemen complained that
all was not right in the contract—that there was
some deception. They actually warned you of
the magnitude of the work, and urged upon you to
superintend it* publication, and you neglected to
do so. On .your part, then, there could be no jost
cause of complaint.
Mr. E said he would agree to any proposition to
limit, or supervise, or examine the matter; but the
expense had been incurred for these three volumes,
and they had been delivered, and should be paid
for, without reference to the future action of Con-
