CONGRESSl(ÍNtóOTX)M^
ss#
raceived it had a right do with it as they pleased. Aa to con-
tractor!, they atood ma relation a lit'le different, and not very
different from that of Government officers, and it mntul ba, tliat
inconsequence of disclosures now made.aclause would be in-
terred in Inture contracts, requiring contractors to pay out the
bard money they received from the Government, but we all,
■aid Mr. B see the effect that this state of things has upon
the characierof the Administration, ami the injury it does to the
country. We see that having collected hari money, it is panl
out in «.depredated currency, and even in United ¡states Hank
notes. The time, however, had come to apply the remedy.
We are now receiving information on the subject, and when it
all came in. it would be time to act.
Mr. SEVIER would onlysay that he did not believe that
there ever had been a payment made by the Government except
in specie or its equivalent, and was convinced that the Govern-
ment bad, in every instance, fulfilled its obligations.
The question was then taken on printing the document, and it
was agreed to.
And the «Senate adjourned.
HOUiE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, May 11,  1810.
Mr.CR.ABrj asked poi mi.-sio.i of the House to offer a resolu-
tion; which was read ''or in formation, and which proposed to
change the hour of meeting from 12 to 11 o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS of Pjnosylvania asked   eiinission to amend the
resol utim, so as to take a lecess from2i to 4 o'clock; and
Mr. DAWSON also gave notice thai"should theruhs besua-
pended, he would move an amendment proposing, by (he con-
currence of the Senate, to adjourn Congress on the 15;h of June
next.
Mr. EVANS objected to the introduction of the resolution.
Mr CRABtt read  the  new rule relating to tuljournments;
which rule says that a motion to adjourn, and tn fix a day to
adjourn, shall always beinorder, and inquired of the £pbakeh
whether it was not in o.der to receive the resolution, notwith-
standing the objection.
The SPExKLIR drcidednot.
Mr. CRaBU then moved to suspend the rules.
Mr.CRAlG demanded the yeas and nays, which were ordered;
and the question having been taken on tlu motion to suspend
th  rule3, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 120, nays 23.
So the resolution was receive,!; and, having been read,
Mr. TURNEY moved the previous question on its adoption,
which motion having receiveda eecoiv'tthe main question was
ordered and put, and the resoluiion was agreed to.
The CHAIR announced that the business belore the House
was the special order on the report of the Select Committee on
Public Punting.
Mr. ADAMS s?i.l, as that was the subject first in order, he
would move to Idle; up the untin'shed business of Saturday.
The chairman of Ways, md Maui had been so g'>od as to allow
the bill to be made toe special order for one day, during which
he was absent; he hoped he wutilil consent that it should be
made the special order for another day, now that he was in the
House.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked the consent of the Rouse to offer a re-
solution; which was read for information, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary 'of the Navy be requested to
inform this House how many officers of the navy are absent oh
leave or on furlough, including passed midshipmen, giving the
name of each officer, the cause of his absence, the length of
time he or they have been absent or excused from service.
If furlonghed, when does the leave granted expire, what length
of time have those furloughed served, or been at sea at any
one time for the last twenty years; what business have the
absent officers been engaged in during the absence on leave, or
furlough, and how of en has the leave or furlough been renewed
to any individual named as now absent.
There being no objection to the resolution, it was received,
read, and agreed to.
Mr. R. GARLAND, by permission, presented further testi-
mony in relation to a case pending before a committee.
Mr. JENIFER submitted a memorial and documents from the
tobacco convention; which were, on his motion, ordered to be
printed.
Mr. J. made a motion to have an extra quantity of said me-
morial and documents priuted; which motion, under the rule,
lies on the table for one day.
On motion of Mr. ADAMS, tU; house then resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union(Mr. Belliu
the chair) on the bill reponed from t'.ie Committee on Manulac-
turcs, ''to ensure the more faithful execution of the laws relating
to the collection of duties on imporis."
The question pon ling when the committee rose on Saturday,
was the motion of Mr. Rhett to strike from the bill the ninth
section in the word* following:
"And be it further enacted, That whenever a suit against any
collector, or other officer of the customs, for the seizure of goods,
wares, or merchandise, un'iwfully imported into the United
States, or forieiied for the unlawful euti y «f the same, shall he
tried in any comt of the United States, in which suit is involved
any question of dutieson importations of goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, no person having the same interest with that of the
party to the suit in the question at issue shall be competent a3
a witness on such trial, unless called to testify by the adverse
party.
The qnestion was taken by tellers, (Messrs Crabb ar.d
Craig acting as such) and decided in the negative by—ayes
62, noes 83.
Mr. RHETT moved to amend the tenth section of the bill
by striking out that part of the penalty in case a custom-house
officer should aid or abet any person to commit a fraud on the
revenue, which says that ihey 'shall be thereafter incapable of
holding any office of pioñt or trust under the United States."
Mr. R. coiiBideiedUiinpi-op.r for Congros to legislate on that
subject, as the Cons-notion alieady provided in- -.t¿h cases.
Mr- TILLIXGHAST was of a different opinirn. He con-
sidered there was Mhins in the bill, as -iineiided, wlu> h, on
careful examina-ion, would be found at variance to any of the
grea: principles of the Constitution. It was true that the Con-
stitution prescribes the qualification of officers of tnj Govern-
ment; it also prescribed thatthey should be disqualified for of
fences against the laws. It gives the power to C .ingress to legis-
late for bach offences against the laws, and to prescube thecrimes
which g i to disqualify. The disability to hola office has been
recognised as proper penalties, in other legislation, tor crimes or
violations of law. The constitutional power of Congress to
disqualiiy an individual from holding office for offences against
United States."
ihe Uws, had never been heretofore disputed. In the revenue
law of I79y, the disability to hold office is made a part of the
penally for committing offence against the law.
Mr. ADAMS said thatso fai from it b: ing unconstitutional for
Congress to legislate on this mato r, it was expressly authorized
by the Constitution so to do.   The Constitution gives the sole
power to the Senate to try all impeachniei.it.; and it expressly
says that "judgments in cases of impeachment shall not ex-
tend farther lhanto removal from i>ffke, and disqualification to
hold and enjoy any office of hoaor, trust or profit, under the
,       Mr. A. argued that the power w s leit to Congress to specify
i   what particular crimes  shall disqualiiy an  individual from
•   holding office; and that was what the bill before the House pro-
.   p-«ed todo, and nothing more.   Afer pursuing this argument
\   to someexient in support of the position he assumed, Mr. A,
said be considered a breach of trust in an officer as an infa-
mous crime, and which deserved the severest punishment.  The
punishment proposed operated on the mind; it brought infamy
and diserace, and was, therefore, a very proper punishment.
Mr. CUSHiNG wished to inquire of his colleague whether
the bill had any reference to the bribes which he was intormed
it was the practice of the custom-house officers in New York to
receive from importers and others. If he was wrong, he would
be glad to be corrected; but he had been informed that such
wasthe open practice for sums of money to be given to these
subordinate officers by importers and merchants for preference
over others hi receiving theii papers, etc. For instance, it
frequently happened that ten or twelve gentlemen received
their consignments by a pariicular ship, and it was then a mat-
ter of competition as to who should receive his papers first.
So the clerk sometimes received a lee or bribe of $50 or 8100,
to give one the preference over another. Azain: a half dozen
ships might come in on the same day, wnen the passengers, ne-
cessarily finding delay insetting their papers, would pay the
same bribes 10 receive their papers beloreothers. It mightalso
occur that some passtngjrs might pay a bribe to the officers for
the purpose of getting their baggage through with an easy in-
spection, or without any inspection at all. Any one who had
been to Europe, must be aware of the shameful system prevail-
ing among custom-house officers abroad, who not only received
bribes forgiving preferí nee, but bribes lor the performance of
their duty.
He stated these facts alleged in relation to the custom-house at
New York, with the hope that, if true, they would be marked,
and a proper remedy provided. He held it wrong for those
officers to ieceive any such fees, as it opened the door to cor-
ruption, inasmuch as it habituated them to the reception of mo-
ney which ¡hey had no right to receive. He denied that any
custom house officer had a right to receive money, oiher than
his salary, even in the shape oT presents, to urge him to the
mere piumpt peiformance of h's duty. His pay from Go-
vernment was a sufficient reward. If any officer received
money over and abovs his sa ary, for the perftn manee of his
duty, it was bribery, and deserved punishment. If the amend-
ment did not reach this class of cases, he would offer an amend-
ment which should reach them.
He stated this on common i umor, as what was bel ieved to be
a system very extensively practised. He did not intend to
make any imputation on the collector himself, as he had no
reason to believe that he was a party to them. On the contrary,
he knew that the collector had discharged several indididuals
who had been guilty of receiving such bribes, and for doing
which, he had been severely censured by the New York pa-
pers.
Mr. VANDERPOFX suggested whether the word "other-
wise" in the 7th line, did not apply to such cases.
Mr. CUSHING said it did not, but applied solely to bribes,
with intention to defraud the revenue. These fees were not
given with any intention to defraud, but still they were bribes,
and calculated to produce a very injurious effeet.
Mr. ADAMS replied that the evds of which his colleague
complained was of an entirely different nature to those which
the bill intended to remedy. The practice of officers receiving
bribes Pt the giving of prelerencc in the performance of their
duly, was not defrauding the revenue, and therefore could not
be relevant to the present measure. He suggested to his col-
league whether he was prepared to act upon mere rumor, and
newspaper charges, against these subordinates. But in case it
were proved to be the case, would it not be much better to
provide aremedy m another bill, ap 1 at another time?
Mr. FILLMORE spoke at some length on the nature of the
power given by the Constitution to Congress. He agreed that
if we did possess this power of punishing a certain class of offi-
cers, it would be very proper to exercise it But the danger
was, if we did not possess the power, and yet presumed to exer-
cise it, that at some future time it might be extended to cases
where it ought not to be applied.
Mr. CRABB was fully disposed to punish every officer who
should be guilty of such crimes. Hut, at the same time, he must
have due regard to the Constitution. He did not believe that
we had the power of adding to the qualification or disqualifica-
tion of any officer, when the qualifications and disqualifications
of officers weie designated by the Constitution. But as to any
peti y officer, which this Congress had power to create by law,
he thought we had the power to designate what their qualifica-
tions or disqualifications should be, and to provide any punish-
ment we might think proper. But as that clause applied to
every officer, whether appointed by the Constitution or by the
law of Congress, he could not vote for it. He therefore moved
to amend by inserting, after the words United States, the words
" created by the authority of Congress."
The question being taken on this amendment, it was re-
jected.
The question then recurring on the motion of Mr. Rhbtt, to
strikeout the words "and shall he tln-i-eafter disqualified from
holdingany office of trust under the United States." after some
brief remarks from that eentlemau and Mr. BRIGGS, i: was
rejected—ayes 48, noes 82.
Mr. ADAMS moved to amend by striking out after the 27th
line, the word "double:" agieed to.
Mr. RANDALL r"oved to amend by inserting in the ISth
line after the Words "custom-house," the words, "with intent
to defraud the revenue."
This was objected to on the ground that it would go to lega-
lize the practice complained of by Mr. Cusiiing, inasmuch
as the penalty would apply only to such cases of bribery as
contemplated a fraud on the revenue.
The question being taken on this amendment, it was re-
jected.
Mr. CUSHING then offered the following amendment, to be
added to the 11th section:


: ^Jmdb* it further e?iacled, If any collector naval officer,
surveyor, or depu'y, or any other cujo mi huu.se officer, orpci-
■Mi employed in the customhouse, or in the coiution of the
revenue, shall, loi .he performance of any of t>>« ¡unes oí Hs
office,or forgiving preference, ftvor, or ilespin h. in ihe j.er-
iormance ol the s in-, direcuy or in irccily, reo "v,- frwi, «toy
personany moic),(.r oilier ttiins ol vame, other >h.in his legal
compensation, he shall, oncouviemn thereof, pay a fine of not
itss than one Im, ilied, not more than one thousand uullars, for
each arnlevtvv such offence."
Mr. TILLIÑUHASr though the section they had just passed
upon covered the same ground taken by theam^i diurnt
Mr. CUsJHING contended mat it did not, bit hail ref.-rence
only to such cases where bribes were received v, uh a view to
defraud the revenue.
Mr. HAND made some remarks, in which be disapproved
the course of gentlemen in making these general charges upon
mere rumor.
Mr. CUSHING replied, that what he had alluded to was spo-
ken of asa matter of notoriety among commercial men in New
York.
Mr. HAND thought It would be better not to charge the mer-
chants, as a class, with giving these bribes, and being guilty
oUuch crimes, without satisfactory proof.
Mr. MONROE said his colleague appeared to mink there
was something very corrupt in the practice of giving fees to ihe
clerks. For his part he did not see anything which, «fife: ted
the morals either of the clerk or merchant. However excep-
tionable the piactice might be, there was nothing corrupt
about it It was well known that, in the regular course of bu-
siness, merchants had to wait a long time lor then- papers, and
it was an open practice to givea fee to the clerks for expediting
the business, who, In doing it, probably worked extra hours.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to amend the amendmeni by adding
the words, "one hall of the penalty to be paid to the person
giving information thereof."
Mr. P. advocated his amendment, on the ground that it would
be in vain to hope for a proper execution of ihe, law without
some sugh inducement.
After some brief remarks from Mr. HAND,
Mr. WISE said, as it appeared witnesses were wanted to
prove the fact in relation to these fees or bribes, he would give
some information .on the subject. He would tell them that
when he was in New York on the Swartwout committee, mer-
chants of both parties, men of high character, came to hint
and complained that they were compelled to do it. Yes; owing
to the practice which hud grown up, the merchants assured him
that they not only had to pay temporary fees, but regular sa-
laries to these officers per annum for getting their business
transacted, although 'hey were paid by the Government. These
merchants were gentlemeu of hiah standing in the city of New
York, and they stated that the practice was by no means clan-
destine, but done openiy, and that it was impossible to get
alw g without it. Such was the hight of co.ruption, that the
clerks in the custom house would not do their duty without
it. He stated, on his own personal veracity, that upwards
of a dozen merchants had complained to him of the prac-
tice.
Mr. HAND said if such was really the state of the facts,
and that the intelligent merchants ol New York had submitted
to it so Jong, he could only express his utter astonishment. And
he was sure the people of the United States would be equally
astonished that these merchants had suffered it to grow up into
general practice. As such, it appeared, was the ease, the mer-
chants were equally guilty, with the officers, and he would no
longer defend them. He thought it high time there was some
law on the subject.
Mr. WISE explained that the merchants complained of the
system as an extortion which they dare not resist, owing to the
extent to which it was practised.
Mr. HAND said that the merchants of New York were
shrewd business man, and must know such a practice could not
be sanctioned by law. If they chose to submit to the extortion,
all he had to sav was, that they were fools for s.i doing.
Mr VANDERPOEL said if such was the practice, it had
long prevailed. He did not believe with his colleague [Mr.
Hand] that the merchants were to blame, because they had la-
ken means to obtain their perishable commodities in advance of
others, for a small consideration. He would, however, cheer-
fully vote for the amendment, without considering it was us-
ing any imputation on the merchants of New York.
Mr. SERGEANT sugggested to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Petrikin] that there was already a law making
provision for an informant. He hoped the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr Ccshing] would be agreed
to. The practice complained of in some of the custom-houses
was the germ of bribery, antl, without restraint, would grow to
great height and great strength. This amendment, in his opi-
nion, would have a salutary effect.
The question being taken on Mr. Petbtkln's amendment, it
was rejected.
Mr. ADAMS was willing to accept the amendment of his col-
league, [Mr. Cusiiing.] because its tendency was to arrest the
evil complained of as soon as possible. He would be glad if
his colleague would take up the subject of his (Mr. C's) amend-
ment te the fullest extent, and offer a bill to the House which
would not only operate on clerks who receive $508 a year, but
on the highest men in the Union, in the Executive and Legisla-
tive departments, as well as on custom-house officers.
Mr. COOPER of Georg-a expressed h:s regret and astonish-
ment, not only at the extraordinary developments which had
been made on that floor, but at ihe remarks made in relation to
them by gentlemen of both parties, by way of extenuating and
narrowing down the stress crimes of bribery and corruption.
What did we seel Why, it appeared that we had a sysn m of
open bribery and corruption amoi-g our custom-house officers,
and that pay was received for favoritism, the same as in Europe,
If such tilings were allowed, no man in this Congress netd ba
surprised if tho very state of things existing in foreign coun-
tries, should soon be advocated here. Wwuld they pass a la w for
the punishment of these Yoikshire traders, and not punish their
own salaried officers for receiving bribes! The very same prin-
ciple would apply to both.
Mi. McKAY did not approve the practice of paying fee- ti
any salaried officer. He hoped it did cot exist to tf:e exten u
was imagined. His object in rising was to remiiidgei'oer^n,
that some years ago a requisition had been issued frorr i:e
Ireasury expressly forbidding any.«jcb r*Ktte«, an1 thamt •
ing the case, he wis disposed to tliink ihc.nl «idw exit*
«o extensively as son  g«riein« f2*,"* "SJ pSthhcin
After some further debate, in winch Messrs. PfrTHlKlN,
