CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
tag inquiries as to the last process by which this amendment
could be finally reached, and in which Mr. SPEAKER and
Mesare. ANDREWS, FILLMORE, RHETT, PETRIKIN,
ADAMS, EVERETT, ant) CRAIG, participated.
After which (a demand made by Mr. PETRIKIN for the pre-
vk>us question having been rejected) the question was taken,
and the amendment to the section was concurred in.
And the question then recurring on agreeing to the section
as amended,
Mr. FILLMORE moved to strike out the same.
Mr. BROWN of Tennessee called for the reading of the sec-
tion; which having been read-
Mr. ADAMS had a single word to say. The gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Rhstt,] in opposing this section, had ar-
gued as if the word "similar," instead of '"same" (interest) had
been intioduced into the bill; and much of his argument had
been based on toe sunsttturtbn of the ormer wont or the lat
ter; and even the Reporters for tlie National Intelligencer, who
were generally very correct m their reports, had, in the paper
issued this morning, taken up the expression us d by the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, as though it were the expression
contained in the bill. The woids of the section were, that "no
pers n having the same interest with that of the party to the
suit," should be competent as a witness, etc. Every member
would see the difference between sam? and similar. A similar
interest was one thing—the saine interest was another.
Mr. A. was understood to add that this was the very point
whkh he had met in Committee of the Whole. He wished to
have the section pet fectly understood by the House and the
country. The bill did tot propose to disqualify a person hav.
ing a similar interest. The words were, havirg '/Ac same in-
terest." And he wished the R- porters of the Intelligencer par-
ticularly to take notice o. this, and that the Editors ol that paper
should correct the statement in their publication of this day, by
which the bill was represented as excluding persons having a
similar, and not the same interest.
Mr. HOLMES addressed the House at much length in oppo-
sition to the principles and general features of the bill. He de-
nounced itas fraught with incalculable evils. In the course of
his remarks, (which will appear hereafter,) he contended that
it was one of the most extraordinary measures ever introduced
into the House, arid was calculated to benefit the manufacturing
at the expense of the commercial interests of the country. Also,
that trie whole thing was based on a system of-tariff, which
would expire in two years. He went on to show the conse-
quences which must result from the adoption of so harassing a
system at our Northern custom-houses, and contended that it
would have the effect of driving the business to Texas and other
Southern ports, from whence foreign merchandise would be
smuggled through the country, in spi'e of all the Government
could do to prevent it. It was therefore, in his opinion, a sui-
cidal measure to the.North, whose cities must necessarily be-
come deserted by the diversion of its commercial business to
other points. He hoped gentlemen would pause before they
adopted so dangerous a scheme.
After which, Mr. PETRIKIN moved the previous question.
And, after soms conversation on a point of order, the ques-
tion was taken, and there was a second.
And the main question (being on the motion of Mr. Fill-
moss to strike out the sec. ion j was ordered to be now taken.
A motion to adjourn was made, and rejected.
Mr. FILLMORE asked the yeas and nays on the main ques-
tion, which were ordered; and, being taken, were—yeas 72,
uays85, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Andrews, Baker, Barnard, Biddle, Bond, A V
Brown, S. H. Butler, Bynum, John Campbell, Claik, Colquitt,
Conner, Crabb, Cranston, Curtis, Davies, Dawson, DeJle!,
Fillmore, Fine, Fornance, Galbraith, Rice Garland, Gogcin,
Goode, Green, Griffin. Grinnell, Hand, John Hill wf Virginia,
John Hill of North Carolina, Hoffman, Holmes, Hunt, Charles
JohBston,Leadbetter, Leet, Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas, Marchand,
Monroe, Morgan, Paler, Peck, Pope, ProfBt, Randall, Randolph,
Reed, Rhett, Ridgway, Edward Rogers, Saltonstall, Sergeant,
Shepard, Albert Smith,Truman Smith, Thomas Smith, Stanly,
Storrs, Stuart, Sweney, Taliaferro, W. Thompson, Tiliinghast,
Toland, Underwood, Peter J. Wagner, Warren, John White,
and Wise—72.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson,
Atherton, Beatty, Briggs, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Calhoun,
Carr, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Cotes, James Cooper, Win. ]?.
Cooper,Cushing,Dana. John Davis.Derinis.Doan, Duncan, Earll,
Eastman, Edwards, Ely, Evans, Floyd, G*te2, Gentry, Gerry,
Graves, Hammond, John Hastintr?, Hawes, Hawkins, Hook,
Hubbard, James, William Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, Na-
thaniel Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Leonard, McCarty, McClel-
lan, McCulloh, McKay, Mailory, Medill, Mitchell, Montgomery,
Naylor, Newhard, Ogle, Parrish, Parmenter, Pariis, Petrikin,
Prentiss, RamseJ, Rariden, Robinson, Shaw, Simonton. Slade,
Steenrod, Swearingen, Triplet, Trumbull. Turney, Vander-
poel. David D. Wagener, Watlerson, Weller, Edward D.
White, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Thomas W. Williams,
Henry Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and
Worthington—85.
So the motion to strike out the section was rejected.
The question then recurred on ordering the bill to be engrossed
for a third reading.
Mr. MONROE asked leave at this time to make a brief per-
sonal explanation.
And no objection having made—
Mr. M. said that he had received a letter this morning from
the collector of the port of New York, in which that officer
stated that he had been misrepresented by him, (Mr. M.) He
simply wished to read to the House the contradiction which
seemed to have occurred, that he might put himself and the
collector right before the country, la the first place the letter
said:
"I notice a letter under dale of 8th instant, from Washington,
published in the Journal of Commerce of this morning, in which
there is the following paragraph: 'But it was stated to-day by
Mr. Adams that neither he nor his sommitfee, nor the manufac-
turers, had sny thing to do with it. The bill was drawn up by
Mr. Butler, the district attorney of New Yoik, and Mr. Hoyt, the
collector, and came to the Commitlee on Manufactures through
the Becietary of the Treasury.' "
Then came the part that more immediately affected him-
"There is also in the sane'paper a letter from the same
place, under date of the 90  «want, ia which there is a para-
graph in these words, said to have been uttered by yeu: The
collector has shown hinithebl, but he told him that he did
not approve of it, and that he did not consider il a RepaMfcan
new are.'"
The brief explanation of this matter (said Mr. M.) is, that the
Collector is here made to say to me that which in fact I said to
the collector.
And the question again recurring on ordering the bill to be
engrossed lor a third reading—
Mr. UNDERWOOD moved an adjournment, but the
yeas and nays being demanded and ordered, he withdrew the
motion.
The question was then put on ordering the bill to be read a
third time, and decided by yeas and nays, as Ibllews—yeas 122,
uays 32.
YEAS—Messrs. Adims, Judson Allen, II. J. Anderson, An-
drews, Atherton, Baker, Beatiy, Beirne. Biddle, Blackwell,
Brings, A. V. Brown, Burke, Bynum, Calhoun, - Carr, Oasey,
Clark, Coles, Connor, James Cooper, W. R. Cooper, Corwin,
Cranston, Gushing, Dana, Davee, Davies, John Davis, Deberry,
DennH Dellet, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Edwards, Ely, Evans,
Fine,Floyd,tía!braith. Gates. Goode,Granam, Gieen, J.Hastings,
Jiawes, H.twkms, Hill of Virginia, Hill of North Carolina,
Hook, Howard, James, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keim,
Kemble. Kille, Leet, Leonard, Lincoln, Lowell, Lucas, McClel-
lan, McKay, Mailory, Marchand Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Mon-
tanya, Montgomery, C.lvary Morris, Naylor, Newhard, Ogle,
Parmenter, Petrikin, Pope, Prentiss, Ramsey, Randall, Ran,
d lph, Rariden, Reed, Reynolds, Ridgway, Robinson, jr. Ryall,
Saltonstall, Sergeant, Shaw, Simonton, .Slade, Albert Smith,
Truman Smith, Thorn is Smith, Stcenrnd, Storrs, Stunig, Stuart,
Stvearinpen Sweney, Tillnghast. Toland, Triplett, Trumbull,
Turney, Und^wooJ, David" D. Wegener, Watterson, Weller,
Edward D. White, John White, Wick, Jared W. Williams,
Thomas W. Williams, Henry Williams, Lewis Williams, Jo-
seph L. Williams, and Wor'hir.gton—U2.
NAYS—Messrs. Barnard, Bnvd, Chapman, Chittenden, Col-
quitt, Crabb, Curtis, Dawson, Fillmore, Rice Garland, Goggin,
Graves, Griffin, Grinnell, Habersham, Hoffman, Holmes, Ifub-
bard, Hunt, Lewis, Monroe, Morgan, Parrish, Proffit, Edward
Rogers, Shepard, Stanly, Sumter, Taliaferro, Waddy Thomp-
son, Warren, and Wise—32.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
It was then read a third time, passed, and sent to the Senate
for concurrence.
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, May 13,1840.
A message was received, from the President of the United
States, in reply to a resolution of the Senate of the 29th De-
cember, in relation to bonds issued by the Territory of Florida;
which was laid on the table, ami ordered to be printed.
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition Alexander Coleman, pray-
ing to !>e allowed to locate asection of land; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Mr. YOUNG presented the memoral of a number of citizens
of the State oí Illinois, praying an appropriation for public
land, to be applied to the construction of a railroad from the
Atlantic in the Mississippi river, by the way of Boston and Bul-
falo, New York; which was ordered to lay on ilie table and be
printed
Mr. NORVELL, from the Committee on the Public Lands,
to which was referred the bill to cede the public lands to the
States in which they lie, upon certain conditions, made a re
port thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
On motion 20,000, extia copies of the report weie ordered to
be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD, fiom the Committee on Claims, to which
was releried the memorial of Thomas Watkins, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration (hereof, which was
agreed (o.
HOUR OF MEETING.
Mr, LUMPKIN said his objert in risng was to ask the con-
sideration, at this time, of a resolution which he had the honor
to introduce to the consideration of the Senate several wet ks
ago, proposing io cb.ir.ge the hour of the meeting of the Senate
from t2 to 11 o'clock, lot the remainder of the prerent session of
Congress. At that time the Senate declined acting upon the
resolution, and ordered it to be laid upon the table. The days
have since continued to increase in length; and the most im-
portant business at that time, under the investigation of the se.
veral committees of the Senate, is now before trie Senate in the
form of reports. Therefore we have no legislative duties which
can now cmploythe entire lorcnoon of these long days. This
morning, sir, (*ai.! Mr. L ) I was up, and beheld with admira-
tion and delight, the glories of this lovely bright day spreading
the rays of ltght over the beauties of nature,"by which we are
surrounded. I then paid ¡he necessary attention to my per
sonal comfort, enjoyed my mcrr.h g repast at breaklast;
and then sallied forth in a walk over a considerable portion of
this extended city, enjoying my own reflection, and attending
to some matters of business, at various points, in the line of
my walk. Then, sir, I came to this hall, at the hour of nine
o'clock; since which time 1 have written some half dezen let-
ters, and directed and franked to my consiituents several hun-
dred communications, printed by oiderof the Senate for the in-
formation of the people.
Sir, I am a member of four important standing committees
of (his Senate; I endeavor to discharge my full share of duty
on these several committees; I have on my hands a very exten-
sive and heavy correspondence, none of which is neglected;
during the sessions of the Senate I am always at my
post; anil yet, sir, I find It difficult for me to find use-
ful employment, out' of this chamber, through these long
forenoons. Sir. I have never been in the habit of post-
poning the commencement of my day's work till noon
No, sir: if the forenoon of all our days had been spent in idle-
ness, but ve i y few ol us wou Id now have the honor of a seat in
thishonorabe body.
For myself, sir, I am very sure (hat I should never have
had the honor ol a rest in tins hall, if the momiugs of my life
bad been siient in idleness and sloth. We may, sir, make plau-
sible excuses for our waste of public time here, apologies which
may satisfy ourselvesand each other. But, sir, our lwholders,
the unofficial people, cannot respect or credit our excuses. The
people all know that noon is rather late to commence the task
of a full day's work. A day's wages demand  a day's work;
and it requires no argument to sustain a proposition so simple
and so plain.                                        .     ...
I may be met by the old argument, that the business of the
Seriate ia greatly in advance of the House—that we have al-
ready disposed of the greater portion of our business—that it
will require week  for the House to pass upon the business
already wnt to that body by the Senate.   All this is Uuqyat
will notour example have its salutary effect? Let us do all that
duty loquires at our hands—leave nothing undone, which ought
to be done.
Moreover, sir, the Senate has still before it several very Im-
portant and deeply interesting subjects to the whole country.
Therefore, by meeting atan earlier hour of the day. we shall
afford more time for gf ntlemen fully to discuss these important
subjects. We are a talking people, sir—atalkingGovernment.
Let. us afford ample time for every honorable Senator to deliver
himself fully and freely from all the burdens of the spirit of
speech-making. I hope, sir, the resolution will be agreed to,
and that we shall have an opportunity of witnessing the salu-
tary efl'ects of the proposed change.
Mr. DIXON said he had been a member of the Senate too
short a period to beable to correctly judge of the propsr duties
or hours ol meeting for ihebody. But he had no;iced that when
rules were once established for the transaction of business in a
deliberative body, it was best to adhere to them, unless there Was
good reason for their alteiation. He had listened attentively to
the remarks of the honorable Senator fiom Georgia [Mr. Lump-
kin] who had offered this resolution, and he was convinced, from
those remarks, that it woul<! not be good policy to change our
present hour of meeting. It Wis known to every Senator that
tie business ol tins body was ereatly in advance of that of the
House, and therefore there was no plea of a pressure of busi-
ness to meet at on earlier hour. The honorable Senator says
that by the present ¡irrang'-mrnt he has a good deal of leisure;
but if the hour was changed, it would make but little change in
this respect, as we would probably adjourn earlier in the alter-
noon. By the Senator's accouut, his hours are devoted to useful
lab ir, and the proposed change would only abridge those useful
hours. Beeides,sir, he informed us that he has had time to take an
excursion this delightful summer morning and to enjoy the
scenery of this beautiful city and its environs. Of all this en-
joyment he would have been deprived, had the hour of meeting
been earlier. He has also mentioned that he has sent off two hun-
dred communications to his constituents. Now, sir, would it
not be wrong, by changing the hour of meeting, to deprive these
constituents of the saturfaction which they undoubtedly derive
from these communications of their honorable representative on
this floor? For the business of the committee room, for atten-
uon to the business of our constituents at the Departments, for
answering the communications of our constituents, he consider-
ed the leisure hours of the morning as the moat appropriate and
convenient, and on this account he was opposed to any change
in the hour of meeting.
Mr. SEVIER was much as'onished at the objections of the
Senator from Rhode Island. He had expected that the gentto-
man, as one of the oldest members of the body, would set thern.
an example of industry and good habits. Like his friend from
Georgia, [Mr. Lumpkin,] he was on two committees, and hard
working committees they were, too, and he had not had, for a
month, business enough to amuse him. After breakfast he
could get his horse and ride a few miles, and then be here
some time in perfect idleness, before the business of the day
commenced. He was glad that his friend from Georgia had
moved in ihis matter, and he hoped that he would persist in it.
At ail events, said Mr. S. il we continue to meet here at 12
o'clock, and sit here doing nothing, let those, whose fault it is,
take the responsibility. He wanted to go home, and in order to
do so, they mu3t despatch promptly the public business. He
hoped that his friend from Rhode Island, who came from a hard
working county, would join him in voting for this resolution.
Let us, said he, meet early, andsit late, anddischareethe bus'r
ness confided to us. We shall then be able to go home with a
good conscience. Mí. S. called for the yeas and nays on the
question, which were ordered accordingly.
Mr. NORVELL said if he believed that the change in the
hour of meeting would accelerate the progress of the public
business, he would most cheerfully yote in favor of the mo-
tion. But we were already, as was well known, fiu ahead of
the other branch < f Congress in our business, and he could see
nó good to be attained by meeting at an earlier hour, under
piesent circumstances.
Mr. DIXON said he could not submit, for a moment, to the
imputation that his opposition to the motion was occasioned by
disinclination to labor, Or to further the business of the session.
Such a motive would comport illy with the habits and disposi-
tion of the people which he had the honor in part to represent
on this floor. But the Senator from Arkansas was aware that
our progress in business was dependent on the action of the
House, and it was well known that the business of that body
was greatly behind ouf own. And are ne to come here at sun-
rise, when we have no business before us to attend to? He was
aware of the proverbial industry of the honorable Senator from
Arka nsas, and he was surprised at hit complaint that his leisure
time hung heavy on his hands, fofit is not generally the indus-
trious who make such complaints. Those disposed to be idle,
are those whose time generally hangs heaviest. Theinduttri-
ous man always finds something to do. He thought the present
arrangement was the best calculated to promote the conre-
nience of members who had out-door business to attend io, and
had heard nothing in the observations of gentlemen to change
his opinion.
Mr, KING thought that his Mend from Rhode Island waa
mistaken with regard to the propriety of changing the time
of meeting. He did not recollect, in the course of a very long
service here, that the Congress of the United States had ever
sat more than five months without changing the hour of meet-
ing to 11 o'clock. The business of the country would be m uch
better transacted if they took time to discuss each subject
calmly and deliberately without being hurried off to get their
dmneis; and this could be done by meeting one hour
earlier in the morning. At the commencement of the
session it was necessary to allow the several siaading
committees leisure enough in the mornings to mature
the business lor the action of the Senate: but after the
committees had made tlieir reports and the busirje. 
was on their tables, there was no longer any reason for so late
an hour of meeting as 12 o'clock. For himself, he found that,
with nut a great degree of industry, the mornings were long
enough for all his ordinary business, not connected with ha
legislative duties, and in that time he had leisure enough to
look over «great many paper connected with Iefialaiio . Ha
thought there had been a disposiiiOB to protract in  a* 10" to
an unreasonable extent. He knew not why it wa  that ihey
should not follow the example set them fcy th  House or.Re-
presentatives, which now met a  eleven. Cireumetanew wnrcn
every gentleman understood, had prevented thatbody from
doing much buainet- hitherto, but he now wj*1**** " 
wu a dispositioa mtnifeawd *b* í *• mtmbe" ia •" *r"
