392
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
nestly io wwrk, and proem) with the husinessentnisted to them.
His impression was, iKat ll gentlemen nould beitieposedtii look
m >re «Una business ol lite coun ry, and less to matteis beyond
lh -se «.ills, thfj wvuld get aluns better wuli their legislative ilu-
ties, «ml he *ble t0 brin? ih  session to a close much sooner He
ha>1 noituposnioii to prevent discussions here He liked lo
he-irtheni, and wished ihe people to have light on all ihe mi-
nor ant question* brought up beiore Congress, ol which there
were several. There was the bankrupt question, which he
had no hesitation in sayine would requ.re a considerable dis
ciuhkw The people wished information on Üvs subject, and
he hi'iselt bad son'e doubts with resard to it, and therefore
wished to hear it lully discussed. He honed the resolution
wou'dba adop.ed, and 'hat the busiwre of ihe Senate might be
commenced at an earlier hour of the day.
The question was ihen taken on th<- adoption of Mr Lump-
kin's motion, and it v, as carried—aj es Ü?, noes 1T, as follows:
VE\S—Mtssrs. Allen, Anderson. Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
CinhKert, Davis, Fukon, Grunly, Henderson, Hubliard, King,
Kn eht, Lumpkin, Mou'on, S¿\ .ee,'Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon,
Tappin, WVker, W.il', Williams, andWrishl—22.
NA.YS—Mcsis. Clay ol Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden,
Dixon, Merrick, Nicholas, Norvell, Poner, Prentiss Roane, Ro-
bmeo i, Kuji-les, Southard, Strange, Tallmadge, Webster, and
Young—17.
BILLS PASSED.
Tlie bill authorizing the g, anting of letters testamentary
and of administration to aliens in the District of Columbia;
and
The bill for the relief of certain companies of Michigan
militia;
were severally read a third time, and passed.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The bill to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the lTnitedStales being taken up,                                          I
Mr. CRITTENDEN spoke at length in opposition to the
■uhi-itute proposed by the minority of the Cornuu'.iee on the  |(
Judiciary.                                                                               i
Mr. WALL replied to the remarks of Mr. C ; and after some  I
further remaiks by Messrs. WEBSTER and WALL,                  I
The Senate went into Executive session,
And then adjourned.                                                             |
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,            I
Wedne=dít, May 13, 1840.                    |
Mr. HENRY of Pf nnsylvanii, by general con-
sent, presen'ed a memo ial from a large number on ¡
the cit zeos of Beaver county, Pennsylvania, play-
ing for an increase of the tariff so as to give af
ample protrcuon to all kind  cf goods manufac-
tured in the United State*; which was accompanied
with the pioceedings of a public meeting on that
subject held in said county. All of which, on rao- j
tion, were referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.
Mr. BEIRNE presented petitions in relation to
Peggy Duncan; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions.
Mr. GRAHAM of North Caro'ina prevented a
memorial of the members of the bar of the courts
of the District of Columbia, and of o'her citizens
of sa.d District, praying that an innocent defen-
dant, who has been acquitted of a criminal charge,
may be reimbursed his taxed cos's: referred to the
Commit ee for ihe District of Columbia.             .
Mr. FLETCHER presented the petiton of Harry
Richardson, of the S.ate of Vermont: referred to
the Committee of Claims.
The SPEAKER laid before the Hous  a letter
from the PostmaNter General, communicating the
information called for by the House en ihe 6th of
April, in relation to the delay and irregularity of
the mails between the cities of New York and Eos- '
ton; which was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Navy, transmitting
the information called for by the House on the 6'h
of April, in relation to the establishment of a naval
station south of the Chesapeake Bay; which was,
on motion of Mr. BANKS, ordered to lie on ihe
tibie, and be pVin'ed.
A number of Senate bills on the Speaker's
table wer/ read twice, and appropriately re-
ferred.     '
/THE PUBLIC PRINTING.
1         The/r-t subject in order was the report of the
j     Selee/Committee on Public Printing; tne resolu-
tioowa the report were read.
!wr. EVANS movetl to amend by striking out all
the/resolutions, and inseiting another set of ret-olu-
tidhs reported by the minority of the committee.'
/These, also, were read.
/ Mr. E. inquired whether the chairman of the
/committee had any exposition to present of the
s* grounds oí ihe report.
Mr. BLACK said it had been his intention to
say nothing on the report; the report itself con-
tained the measures proposed by the committee,
and the reasons on which they founded them. If
the minority of the committee had any thing to
submit in opposition, or in preference of any otner
plan, he was ready to hear, and would then reply.
'Ihe report of the minority referred to the present
Congress onh; that of the majority contained no
such restriction.
Mr. EVANS addressed the House in explana-
tion of the report of the minority of the comma tee.
The minority did report a pian ior the present
Congress only, because the directions of the House
to th  committee (which had been drawn up by
Mr. Black hiaiselt) went no further, and because
this House had no authority to proscribe for future
Congresses. That must be dona by law, and not
by a simple resolution of one of the Houses.
Mr. E then went into an exposition of the
report. The majority had been in favor of a g«-
neral reduction of 15 per cent, from the standard
fixed in 1819; the minority, of an average reduction
of 25 per cent. He compared the prices of mate-
rials and of labor in 1819 and at the present time;
and also the great difference in the amount of
work crdered; and went into a series of calcula-
tions to show the profit accruing under the present
rates of printing, and inferred the propriety of a
larger reduction than that reported by the majority
of the committee. He stated that the chief expen-
diture in printing was occas oned by printing extra
numbers of documents proceeding from the Depart-
ments, especially those containing a great deal of
figure work; and on these documents the profits
ot the piinter were the largest; ihe chief profit
being on paper and press-work, in both of which
great reductions had taken place.
He went into the deductions to be made for ex-
tra labor at night and on Sundays, and tor the in-
equality of the pressure on the office, but thought
these were greatly overrated; the introduction of
power presses havirg obviated the npce.sity ot
keeping so many hands under wages while without
steady employment. He dwelt on the peculiar ad-
vantages enjoyed by the Congressional printers in
the promptitude and certainty of payment; the
absence of dead stock on their hands. Mr. E.
then went into the mystery of printer's "fat,"
which he explaned and endeavored to make com-
prehensible to the House, and insisted that this
' fat" more than made up for all disadvantage
from illegible copv, night work, &c.
Mr. E. next referred to the opinions of witnesses
as lo the propir ra'e of deduction to b  made irom
t>,e pr.ces paid to the Prin'erot Congres-, quoting
from the panted testimony submitted with the re-
port, and .arguing to : how that an average of
twenty-five per cent might be deducted, and yet
leave a 'arge profit to the printers; but hf proposed
to distribute the deduction in different proprortions
on different classes of the work done; the reasons
for whicn he explained at great length.
He stated the offer of Messis. Gideon, Stam-
baugh, and others, to execute the woikat this ge-
neral rate of deduction, end went into exten-ive
calculations to show the existing prufi s of B'air
and Rives, in confirmation of the general views he
had submitted, exclushe of ih<3 punting for the Sá-
nate and the binding of documen's, &c.
He concluded by insisting that by th-j establish-
ment of a Government punting-effice the work
might be better done, and ior half the money now
paid.
Mr. BLACK adverted to the incapac'ty of men
not professionally acquainted wiih printing to form
a correct judgment of the details cf ihe present
i s ibject. He referred to portions of the testimony
taken before the cmmittee, given by parties who
had heretofore executed the Congressional print-
ing, and on whose testimony the majority of the
committee maidy relied; and argued to show that,
i taking this testimony as true, it would be unrea-
sonab'e and injurious to reduce the pesent prices
more than fifteen per cent He dwelt upon the
great and peculiar hazards attending the investment
of large capital; on tne chance oí executing, for
any period of time, the public printing of Congress;
the immense loss from dead capital ly ng absolute-
ly useless on the hands of the proprietors, some-
times for years together; the irfegulatity of the
employment; on the necessity which compelled the
Printer to keep a large and extra number of work-
men, who were employed also in extra hours, and
I of course at extra compensation, which went greatly
i to add to the expenses incurred.
Mr. B. admitted the reduction ,'n the pric* of pa.
! per, hut doubted w! ethpr there tras any strength in
I   the arjuinent whteh h? d been nrced, that addii n>nal
cheapness was atiauied by the o^e of the newly in 
venttJ > team cy'inder p'ess. There was, indeed,
addi.ic-nül laci tty in printing; bot he considered
th it, if not m< re than counterbalanced, it was at
least dearly p« i i for, by tie < ri^inal cost of the
press—which was alout $3,000—the wages of the
engineer, the outlay fur od, f.;el, and water, the
wear and tear ot the type, the destruction of paper,
&c. If gentlemen would take all these mati rs
into comidrrat on, le Vieved it would be .oiind,
when they lun the pata lei b t vetn tne ejpe¡:se of
j priming by ih> oil hand pre*sand that of the steam
j press, that there wa- no ma e ni d íf-rence, u any,
in favor of the la ter.   He b'auied no man's no-
' tions of economy; he only tubmired h,s own, and
i he was willing to submit  t^em  to h"  cmstituents.
He believed,  if the  i flWrs  of t'ic Gove nment
were better pail, there  \v< uld be fe ver delinquen-
! cies and more  efficient scvice.    He  would not
I  stand by and see any ma-. die it the Government,
' but he and his constituent-, felt a deeper interest in
the efficient discharge of the duties of the office,
(whatever it might be,) than he did in legard to
the dollars and cents; and he bel eved that, it more
attention were paid to the former consideration, and
' less to the latter, it would be lor the benefit of the
, country.
Mr. B. replied to the argument that the public
II   printing bad i'-crea-e 1 greatly within a few years.
He Remitted ihe fací; hi t who tt a  to blame? The
¡ pnnt-r or ex-printer? Sjrelv not. This was an
, extraiagancs v.ii.c'r was t> be charged to the
body itstlf; and cou'd m t be h'id rs an argument
why the printer shou'd not be paid a proper
amount for h s labor. Was the nimter tj be re-
duced and cut down to a statv.n? salary because
the House itse'f chess lo expend more money
than ought to be expended on public printing?
Nothing could be more unreasonable—nothii g
more unjust Ccnjiess itself w.'S an<werable.
Would they reform it? Order no more documents
and frivolous reports, &c. to be printed. The re-
medy was to cease to make thofe wild, extiavagant
orders to print documents which ueie u ed only
for wrapping pipe-.
In com lusiun, Mr. B. alluded to the report of
| the majority, wh ch recommended a deduction ef
i fifteen per cent.    He candidly confessed, however,
1 that he   did  not    think   that that would * leave
'I the printer a lair and sufficient compensation, nor
i i such as he ought to receive even in comparison
! with oilier avocations in life  involving outlay of
capital, and a hazard greater than that attending
! any o'her business in the country.    He did not
I believe that the ] r,nt r could gH along with lhat
¡  reduction; but tha Hou>e could  decree it if they
thought prrper.    Pi r his own part, he should vote
II   against the lesolution. He thought lhat the very
!| lowfst reduc' on shou'd te ten per cent, and even
I    under that he thought tne printer wolftkt make but
il  poorly out.
' Mr. R. GARLAND w'shed, he said, to state
' i some facts, but as there were only >ome thirty mem-
<\ bers prtsent, he wwuld move that ihe House take a
¡ recess.    [It was now aquarter past 3 o'cl ck ]
| i      Mr. R. G4RLAND sa'd, well, then, the House
■' would not take a recess, he would move an ad-
'' journment; on which motion the yeas and nays
II   were ordered, and being taken, were—yeas 15,
ii  nays 52.
'!      So the House refused to adjourn.
>■     Mr.   RAMSEY moved a call of the House;
¡i which motion was rejected.
Mr. ADAMS addressed a remark to the Chair,
i which was understood to be that he was willing 10
¡ stay here as long as eny ont; but as the House
i could not do business without a quorum, and as
I they would not adjonrn, he suppo-ed they had no-
thing to do but sit there and amuse themselves in
j the best way they could.
i Mr. CUSHING sa>d that it was not just that the
gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Garland] should
address seventy members on a business question,
which required the presence and intelligence of
