tu
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
for as heretofore provided fcr, and agreeably to all
the reservations and provisions contained in the
joint resolution of the 3d of March, 1819."
The House havirg adjourned on jesterdayin
the midst of au unfi: ished call,
Mr. BR1GGS now moved that all further pro-
ceedirg* on 'hat rail be suspended.
Mr/GRAVRS hoped not. He desired to have
a full House when the question veas tpken.
The SPEAKER stated that, if the call was pro-
ceeded in, it would extend only to those mem-
bers who were absent at the call of t'ae roll last
evening.
On motion 0/ Mr. GRAVES, all further pro-
ceedings on that call were suspended; and Mr.
MORGAN moved a (new) call of the House.
Mr. GRAVES asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
The SPEAKER then sated that the first busi-
ness before the House was ihe question of privi-
lege, be ng the report of the Select Committee raised
to intest'gate 'h-* fdcts in the ctue of Messrs. R.
Garland and Bynum.
So Mr. MORGAN suspended his motion for a
call of the Hou-e, and Mr. GRAVES withdrew
his motion f r the yea* and nays.
In reply to an inquiry from Mr. BLACK, the
SPEAKER seated that the report of the Select
Committee en P.'inting wou'd be the business liext
in order, after the ca^e of privilege should have
been disposed of.                 s
BREACH OF, PRIVILEGE.
The business now Wffore the H«>t:ss being the
"report of the SeleeuCommittee appointed to in-
vestigate thefactsjTlative to the disorder aDd per-
sonal violence «ffich took place in the House be-
tween two if iff roernbeis, t.iwit, Rice Garland
andvesse A/BvNrM,"
MKjiSfDERWOOD hoped, incase ihe report
was taken up, that either prompt action would bj
had thereop, or that «he ma'ter would be indefi-
nitely postponed. With that view, he would take
the liberty of presenting some retoutions he had
prepared, for the purpose of submiitiug a few
points for the consideiation of the House.
In making the motion for the appointment of a
committee to invtiesgate this matter, he had been
careful to word it in such a way as not to require
the committee to report any proposition for the
action of the House. He had good reasons for so
doing1, which would appear in the sequel. What
he now proposed carne entirely from himself as
an indiviJual member of the House, without being
sanctioned by any member of the committee, in anv
way whatever. When on the cemmitee, he did
not think h? had,under the resolution of the House,
any ngiit to iecommend any ruch proposition for
their action, but had intended to offer the resolu-
tions he now presented, when the matter shall be
taken tip by the House.
At the nqaestof Mr. CORWIN, Mr. TJ. here
yielded th  floor for a mxmsnt.
Mr. CORWIN then said ¡hat, as he was com-
pelled to leave the city on indispensable business,
he would ask the House to grant him leave of ab-
sence for three weeks from Saturday next.
And the leave was granted.
And, on his motion, Mr. Cobwin wasdischarged
from further service as chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands.
. Mr. CRABB of Alabama asked to be excused
fromfu ther service on the Committee of Elections.
He took this course from a sense of duty no less to
himself than to the panies  to u.e ssvcral contests
peniliag before that committee.   Such were the ge-
neral state of his health  and his imperious   duties
to his immediate constituents, as to ¡orbid his giv-
ing tha- a:'ention to the important questions before
the committee, which he was in the habit of giving
all matters coming specially under h'S considera-
tion, and he felt that, under the circumstances, to
omit the request he had now preferred to the House,
would b: palpable injustice to tho partes ernterned,
to the House, and to himsel.   He felt that he could
not sustain himself under the severe labor which
must necessarily be incurred by every member of
that committee who shall do his duty, and less than
that he   was unwilling to   do  in any capacity in
which be may be called to act.   He assured the
House that, if it were prac icable for him further
to prosecute his duti-s on said committee in a pro-
per maimer, he should be v. ry far from making
this reqne-t.
And Mr. C. was excused.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then resumed, and said he
would make a few comments on the resolutions he
intended to otfer, but which he dssired might be
first re?.d by the Clerk. The resolutions were
then read, as follow:
Resolved, That experience has sho'sn the neces-
sity of defining with clearness what shall consiiute
d'sorderly conduct, and a contempt of this House,
and of prescribing the punishment for the offence
before the ded is done.
Resolved, That it i; incompatible with the spirit
of the Constitution, if not in conflict with its letter,
to punish a citizen or a member of Coopress for dis-
ori'eily conduct, for a contempt, or a breach of pri-
vilege, until the nature of the offence, the facts ne-
cessary t:> constitute it, and the punishment to be
inflicted, have been clearly defined and promulga-
Id..
Resolved, therefore, That the following shall
henceforih constitute a part of the standing rules of
this Houce, viz:
1.  If any person or persons within the Capitol,
or any of the enclosed grounds around it, or within
any street passing by or around such enclosed
grounds, shall he reader make a nois?, or do any
other act disturbing or interrupting; the delibera-
tions or business of the House of Representatives,
or any of its committees, the person or persons so
offending, being thereof convicted, by a vote or re-
foluti. i. of ihe Hmise, shall, far such contempt, b?
severely reprimanded, or imprisoned not less than
one nor more than ten days, at the discretion ol the
House of Repre-entatives.
2.  Ifanyp'r-on or persons shall hereafter as-
sault or f tnke any member of the Houss of Repre-
sentative s, or any other person wiihin the Capitol,
or any of the enclosures around the gKout,ds of the
Capi'ol, except it 1c ia silf-de'ence, or s>me lawful
purpose, the person or persons so offending shall
be adjudged guilty of a contempt to the House of
Reprisentatives; and being thereof convicted, by a
vole or resolu'ion of the House, shall be imprison-
ed therefor for a space of time not. less than sixty
nor more than one hundred and eighty days, at the
discretion of the House of Representative:-.
3.  The person or persons offending within the
purview of the two preceding rules, or either of
them, «-hall be arrested by the S^rgeant-at arms,
upon the warrant of the Speaker, to be issued upon
the oath or affirmation of the party applying there-
for.
4- Any member of the House who shall, by con-
tumelious words or actions, insult any other mem-
ber of Congress within the Capitol, or any of the
enclosures around it, inc'uding the enclosure <o the
east of the Capi'ol, shall, on conviction thereof, hy
a vote or resolution of ¡he House, te severely re-
primanded for the first offence, and expelled for
tha second.
5.  Any member of the House who shall assau't
or strike any other member of Congres3 within the
Capitol, or within any of the enclosures around it,
includtng the enclosure to the east of the Capitol,
unless in self defer,ce, or some lawful purcove,
shall, on conviction thereof,by a vote or resolution
of the House, be expelled.
6.  It shall require a majority of four-fifihs lo
suspend the ru'es in order to permit a member lo
notice End lepel any statem'en's which may be
found in print or manuscript, reflecting upon the
moral, political, or official character of any or.e.
7.  Resolved by the Senate and House of Represen-
tatives, That the following shall constitute an addi-
tional joint rule of the two Houses: In cases of
personal intuit or conflict between a Senator and
Representative, a committee of two from the Se-
nate and three from the House shall be appointed
to inves iga'e the facts, and report to their respec-
tive Houses the facts of thec.nsr; whereupon that
House of which the party in defaults a member,
shall proceed to punish him according to the rules
of either body which he may have violated.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON rose to inquire of
the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. Underwood)
whether it was his intention that these resolutions
should first be considered and acted on, before the
House had considered the report made by the com-
mittee?
Mr. PETRI KIN (pending Mr. Underwood's
reply to Mr. John on) rose to a question of order.
Hs submitted to the Chair that these resolutions
were separate and d.sinct from the report of the
cotnmttiej, and that they could not be entertained
save by a suspension of ihe rule.
The SPEAKER was of opinion, he said, that
these resolutions were germano to the subject. The
corrmi'ee had repore I the lacts, these facts were
before ihe House, ar>d it was in order for gentle-
men to move any resolutions appertaining  thereto.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he would show the re-
levancy if thee resolutions to the report of the
committee, and hoped al-o to be able to show that
they ought to be a 'opted.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON then requested the
genilemaii from Kentucky to answer his interro-
gatory, whether it wa; his (Mr. U's) intention that
tn?se resolutions should be considered and acted
upon before the Elouse had considered the repoit of
the committee.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said, yes—he wished these
resolutions to be acted upon first, and he wished
them to be the only action of the House on the sub-
ject. It was his desire to show brkfly the reasons
which inducer him to off' r them.
Mr. U- afer explaining the purport of the 1st
and 2d ¡evolutions, proceeded to say that it was
needless to call the attention of membeis to the
provisions of the Constitution which laid down the
principles he had enumerated. Ail here were fully
aware of ihem. He uould then ask whether this
House had ever undcta'en to prescribe what
should constitute contempt or disorderly conduct.
Lo'ik at the rules: from the foundation of the Go-
vernment down to this time, there was not a sen-
tence on th;s subject. Upon what, then, did the
whole syslem drp?nd? It depended upon legisla-
tive usage, without the positive action of any le-
gislative body; and we had to collect authorities on
the subjtct in the history of the British Parliament,
in the history of this body, and in the history of
the various legislative assemblies of this country.
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON rose to a point of
order. In his opinion, it was impossible to punish
the gentlemen, who were not, by the laws of the
House or of the country, subject ta punishment
before these resolutions were introduced. He
thought the resolutions were not relevant to the
matter.
The SPEAKER said there could be no doubt
that these resolutions were in order, inasmuch as
they wer* germane to ths subject-matter of the re-
port. That report related to a case of breach of
privilege. On examination, the gentleman from
Keutncky had been of opinion that thete was no
remedy for that particular case, but that it fur-
nished a strong inducement to pass laws or resolu-
tions to govern the conduct of the House, aud by
which such occurrences might, in future, be pre-
vented.
Mr. PETRIKIN appealed from the decision of
the Chair.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON had one word to say.
These resolutions, he understood, were not the re-
sult of the deliberations of the committee; they
were not reported officially as the results of that de-
liberation; but they came from an individual mem-
ber of the committee. They were net the tifficial
acts of the organ of the House, but of one indi-
vidual member of it.
The SPEAKER said that cases had frequently
occurred in which the committee reported merely
fact*, and in which some member moved a resolu-
tion connected with the subject matter of that report.
For instance, in the contested election between
Prentisi and Word and Claiborne and Gholsen,
the committee reported only the facts; a gentleman
then rose, and moved that one party or the other
were not entitled to their sea's. That was a resolu-
tion growing out of the facts of the case.
Mr. PETRIKIN regretted his ideas of order dif-
fered from those of the Chair, and it was with
great reluctance that he had taken the appeal. Bat
if these resolutions of the gentleman from Ken-
