396
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
them ícnthf Siate of Matylat.d, if voj had the
po«er, i ia'ihey niisht s'and dv ,r trial before a
jnrv<f the ciuii'iy upun Lidies which would, if
they w*re «uiliy, have sent them to the gallows,
or which at eist orght to have hung them it guilty,
yon pior-osfd to ('rop the case, and to ad«'pt
u trrior, pn^rective kg slauon; and thus you
stigmat z-'d th« raen erased m that transaction,
without d^riiing upon i s merits What has been
the consequence? Cn th.s point I have one word
to say, and, indeed, it iras my cuef object in ris-
ing. Afi^r ' íe ulterior legislation that was
adapted—legation tyirg every man to the stake
to be shot at bv enrv bodv who chose to insult him
in and out of h s place—I call upon my fellow-
membe-s here to tear me v.itness that I hare, as
my conduct will attest, sciupulously forborne to
use offensive or pergonal language here. I would
now, snee the parage of the ant -duelling law,
sooner strike a woman than I would intuit a mem-
ber of ih« House. I would do any act of mean-
ness or ot baseness rather than I would insult a
man whose hands are t.ed. I have forborne and I
intend to iorbear. Bui I ask you, sir, I ask the
members of this Hou-e, I ask the moral poition of
our common U, as some denomínate tuemselves,
in case I am insulted, before I fly to the sanctuary
and prepare with angeuc spirit to turn oae cheek
when the othei is smitten, what am I to do? Am
I to hive a battle with cut-glass inkstands, or at
fisticuffs, or a pulling of noses, or a scene of harsh
and strong epithets? As you have tied my hands,
what ougbl you to do for me, and for each and
every member of the House? You would do
exact y what I knsw you would do in this case;
you will take it up, you will have the parade of
getting up a committee to report the facts, and,
after they are reported tor you to act on, you will
lay the whole matter on the table! In conclusion,
I say—and w.th a hope, God knows how sincerely
uttered, that I may never be called upon again  o
interfere in such matters—ei.her repeal your anti-
dnellmg law, or enforce your laws of order with
rigidity.   Beyond this I have nothing to say.
Mr. FOPE rose (he said) to t""':e a motion
which he hoped would meet the approbation of
the House. He had paid «ome attention to this
proceeding, and was of opinion that the occur-
rence to which th<* report of the committee re-
ferred had done rather good than harm in this
body. Such an occurrence wa« the necessary re-
sult of the cturse of proceeding here during the
pre ent sess on. He spoke without distinction as to
parties. The Speaker had not been ao,e to pre-
serve order, owing to that course of proceediue.
When a Whig got up and wat lashing away at a
gentleman on the other side, the cry would be "go
on" wherever an attempt was made to arrest him.
So on the other side. Wh-n a member of the Ad-
ministration pany was speaking harshly of a Whig,
any attempt to arrest him was voted down; and
thus gentlemen were permi"ed to proceed pretty
much in what way tney rlea&ed. Ihb state of
things could not ecd any c.herwise than as it did.
One gentleman [Mr. R. Garland] had made a di-
rect apology to the Hoase, ami he hoped that such
would be the case with ihe other gentleman,
and that thrs the harmony of the House might
be restored without resort to further proceedings.
Under these circumstances, the suggestion of his
friend and colleague [Mr. Underwood] that no
further action should be taken, met his (Mr. P's)
approbation. The committee bad been unani-
mous in their report of the facts, and the conduct
of both parties was fully and fairly betore the
country. Wi hout giving any opinian either on
the one side or the other, he thought it would be
better to let the subjsct drop, and 10 leave to public
opinion to censure or not. The House had be-
haved much better since the recurrence took
place, ¡>ad he hoped that they woolds'iuw, by their
future conduct, that they  regretied the course of
proceeding which, as  all must admit, had been
tolerated too long
After a few remarks as to the condition of the
pub'ic business and the necessity for action, Mr. P.
concluded by moving to lay the whole subject on
the table.
Mr. BRIGGS asked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 86,
navs 93
So the House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
Mr. JENIFER offered the following resolution:
Resolved, That should any member on this floor
S3 far forget the respect he owes to rus own charac-
ter and duty to the House, as to use offensive lan-
guage to any of his iVIIow-members, upon being
called to order and decided to be cut of order, such
offerdmg member shall be immediately called on to
make a lull and ample apology to the House and
to the membsr so offended, aud upon refusal be ex-
pelled from h sseat in this House.
The SPEAKER decided this resolution to be out
of older.
Mr. HOLMES said: Mr. Speaker, I agree most
fully with the view taken by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Wise,] that justice demands that
prompt and decisive action should be taken. Yes,
sir, justice to the gentlemen concerned, but em-
phatically justice to this House, and to the people
of this natron, whose Representatives we are. I
move the resolution I hold in my hand, under the
most painful emoiions which I have ever expe-
rienced in any parliamentary body. But, sir, jus-
tice demands that this course should be taken, and
when justice demands, sympathy must give way.
Sir, I beg leave to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the conduct of Rice Garland
and Jesse A Bynün, in fighting upon the floor of
the House of Representatives during the session of
Congress, was a gross violation of the dignity of
the House, and calls upon the House to vindicate
its dignity by an expulsion of the said Rice Gar-
land and Jesse A. Bynum.
Mr. CHINN asked for the yeas and nays: or-
dered.
Mr. CRAIG was not prepared, under all the
circumstances of the case, to vote for this resolu-
tion. It savored rather of an ex post facto proceed-
ing. He proposed, therefore, to amend it by strik-
ing out all after the word "Resolved," and insert-
ing:
"That the report be recommitted to the same
commi'tee, with instructions to report what action
should be had in the case; and also what measures
should be adopted to prevent like occurrences'in
future, and to protect the members of the House
from insult and violence."
Mr. PROFFIT moved the previous question, but
withdrew the motion.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to amend the amendment
by striking out all after the word "Kesolved," and
inserting the following:
"That Jb^se A. Bynüm and Rice Garland are
guilty of a breach of the privileges of this House."
Mr. BRIGGS said that the committee, in accor-
dance with their instructions, had reported the facts
of the case, and it was now for the House to fay
what proceeding they would take. If both gentle-
men had committed a breach of privilege, the
House ought to say so; and when that fact should
be established, the next quesnon was, what pun-
ishment, if any, should be inflicted. When the
House came to decide upon this question, it would
become them to look into the character and details
of the transaction; and to see whether, if both were
guilty, they were guilty alike. If not, if one was
a greater offender than the other, justice and pro-
priety required that the punishment should be dif-
ferent, because'he same punishment should only
follow the same offence. He was prepared, in
view of the facts, to go at least as far as this reso-
lution went, and to say that both members had vio-
lated the privilege of the House. And he was will-
ing to say so by bis vote.
Mr. M. A. COOPER asked Mr. Holmes to ac-
cept the fohowing as a modification of his resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the whole subject be recommitted
to the same committee, with instructions to report
what further proceedings are necessary on the part
of the House, and also the form in which said pro-
ceedings shall be had.                    /
Mr. HOLMES declined to do so.
Mr. JENIFER expressed himself opposed to any
proposition that would not bring the Honse to a de-
cisive vote.   He was glad that the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] had offered his pro.
position; and although he (Mr. J.) intei.ded n0
censure on the committee, yet he thought that such
a preposition should have come trom them Ion 
since. If this proceeding went unrebuked, how
would the House ever hereafier punish any man
for a violation of its privileges? He would vote m
favor of the resolution of the gentkman from South
Carolina; he should do so with íe uc'.auce, still he
would do it. The House owed it to us own cha-
racter and te- the character of the country not only
to rebuke this proceeding in the strongest manner
but now to take a stand and prevent the recurrence
of such scenes in future. It was with this view
that he had offered the ^ proposition which the
Speaker had declared to be out of order. Mr J.
j spoke of the calumnies and abuse which the House,
' by its own course, had let in upon itself. Some-
thing must be done to arrest it. He believed that
any oiher man would have done what the gentle-
man from Louisiana [Mr. Garland] had done ua-
der the circumstances, but still nothing could j isti-
fy it here, and he (Mr. J.) wou'd, reluctantly, as ht
had said, give his vote for expulsion, aad that, too,
wnhout discrimination.
Mr. PROFFIT was astonished that the gentle-
man from Maryland should be capable of ihtnkmg
for a moment that they ought to expel the gentle-
man from Louisiana, [Mr. Garland,] in the face
of the evidence reported to the House. Neither
could he vote for the expulsion of the gentleman
from North Carolina, [Mr. Bynum,] because, pre-
vious to the unfortuna'e occurrence, the House
had permitted disorderly speeches to be made,
which must ever necessarily terminate in such dis-
graceful scenes. He did not pretend to be very
orderly himself. He hoped, however, that the
Hou*e would not vote for the expulsion of the par-
tie«, but in future enforce its rules uf oider, so that
a recurrence of such events might be prever ted.
He considered the resolution of the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Holmes] as at least an impru-
dent act.
Mr. BRIGGS demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and being taken, iesnlted as follows:
yeas 73, nays 10G.
So the House refused to lay the subject on the
table.
Mr. PETRIKIN moved the indefinite postpone-
ment of the whole subject, because he was satis-
fied that if the House should determine to go into
a proper investigation ot the matter, it would con-
sume several weeks, and resulc 'n no healthy ac-
tion. It would then be laid on the table, or be in-
definitely postponed. He contended that they
should be doing tLe business of the country instead
of wasting the time in the manner they had been
doing. The seamen in the employ of the United
States, were now suffering for their pay. There
was no money to fit out the vessels necessary to
protect our commerce on the coast of China.
Even- interest was being sacrificed by the course
of legislation here, by wasting thetime of the peo.
pie in idle discussions. It was too late now for
these gentlemen to be talking about their dignity,
and the dignity of the House; why did they not
begin several years ago. This was not the first time
that the dignity of the House had been offended
against by those very men who now talk so loud
about it, and who pretend to be so anxious to de-
fend it. He saw no good reason why these gentle-
men should be made a mark to be shot at, when
there were many others, who bad been twenty
times as guilty as they, who were permitted to es-
cape—who had violated the rules, time after time,
by us ng offensive language, and by refusing to
vote, and thereby setting at defiance the rules of
the House. Others may wish to postpone the bu-
siness of the country, to amuse themselves, by try-
ing those gentlemen for offending against their
dignity; but he was opposed to it. He had no
doubt that there were many in the Hou«e, who
make so much noise about the offended dignity of
the House, who did more to commit violations of
it than tho.se who said noihmg about it. He
thought those gentlemen had been sufficiently pu-
nished for this rash act, which was committed in
the heat of passion. There was no one who was
prepared to say that the act was done intentionally.
