CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89Í
There was nothing premeditated—it was the re-
salt of passion. If they had committed a worse
act, witho u intention, we could not, as jurymen,
dec'are them guilty to the same degree as if the act
had been premeditated. I was the intention that
made the crime. W-u!d to God that this was the
only insta-ce of disorder and indeeomm that the
House had witnessed. But far worse scenes than
that had transpired. Men who had been the fore-
most in violating the rules, by refusing to vote, and
other disorder, now come forward, and affectedly
claim to be the only conservators of the decorum
and roles ef the House. Let every member exa-
mina his own conscience, and see whether hé can,
consistently wi'h his own conduct, vote to expel
these gentlemen for this indscretion
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON addressed the House
at considerable length, insisting on the importance
of some decided course being adopted to prevent
the occurrence of such cases of violence in tuture.
Should the House relume to punish, its membets
would be ab?ndoned to th^ir own protection, and
tempted to ii flict the most violent retaliation incase
of personal insult. Language that would disgrace
the purhe is of Billingsgate and St. Giles had al-
ready been uttered over and ov  r on the floor, and
if these things were suffered to proceed, the House
would fall into confusion and public contempt. It
was no excuse to say that the conduct of these gen-
tlemen was the result of a momentary impulse;
gentlemen must learn to practise self-restraint, and,
if they had injuries to punish, to reserve the settle-
ment of such matters to a more suitable time and
place.   He was opposed to the postponement.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said he had votid against
all propositions to postpone or to lay on the table,
and hi* object had been to let new members see
what course was to b? expected here in cases like
the present. He adverted to '.he vain attempts
formerly made to punish disorders in the House,
and attributed the whole difficulty to the radical er-
ror of having no rules of the House to declare
what should be esteemed disorderly conduct, and
how it should be punished. Mr. U. insisted that
this was not a case of breach of privilege, but a
case of contempt. The Constitution conferred but
two privileges oa members of Congress; one was,
exemption from arrrest; the other was ezemp-
uon from being called on out of the House to
answer for words spoken in debate.
Mr. U. quoted largely from Jefferson's Manual,
commenting as he proceeded.
Mr.-CUSHING suggested to him another pas-
sage in the same book, dec'aring quarrels in ihe
Houre to be breaches i f privilege.
Mr. U. denied that authority as contrary to the
Constitution, and went on to insist that there
oTí«ht to be prospective legislation by the House,
specifying offences and punisments for members of
Congress in the House, as laws were provided in
the community for other citizens out of doors. Mr.
U. having made a full exposition of his views on
this point, said he now washed his hands of this
case: holding the principles he did, he could not
vote to punish the individuals now implicated.
After some brief remarks from Mr. STANLY.
Mr. BANKS moved the previous question.
Mr. BYNUM remonstrated, and said he should
like to be heard before a final vote was talren.
Mr. BANKS thereupon wihdrew his motion.
Mr. PETRiKLN declared himself now satisfied
that his motion for indefinite postponement was not
in order.
Mr. McKAY advocated a recommittal of the
whole subject to the same Select Committee, to re-
port whether the House could take any, and what,
action in this case. The committee would, donbt-
less, have done this, but the resolution under which
they were appointed did not admit of it, as it
directed them simply to report the facts as they
happened.
On a former occasion, he had voted to lay the
whole matter on the table; but as the House had
hooght proper to refer it to a committee, he
thought, after that, some action should be had
thereon. But he was perfectly satisfied, not only
from what had occurred that day, but from expe-
rience in such cases, that no good was to be
attained by prolonging a discussion,   it was with
that view that he had voted against motions to lay
on the table, in the hope that the Heuse would
become satisfied that no g. od could result, and
consent to a recommittal, with instructions to the
committee to recommead some action on the mat-
ter. It was possible tnat thi' committee might aeree
with the gentleman fiom Ken'ucky [Mr. Under-
wood,] that tha offence could not be defined. But
whatever might be tht-ir conclusions, it was due to
the dign-ty and consistency Houte to make a final
disposition of the matter, now they had gone thus
far. And if the committee should report that
the offence could not be punished, owing to there
being no specification of it, even that would exone-
rate the Hous-e, and show to the country that all
had been done which the nature of the case ad-
mitted. For his part, he had great confidence in
the committee, and if they should come to the con-
clusion that the House had no authority, that would
be satisfactory to the country. But by leaving the
matter as it now stood, after having gone so far as
to print the facts, it would be a disgrace to the
House in all time to come, and establish a dan-
gerous precedent for all future cases. He hoped no
gentleman wou'd obj.-ctto the recommittal, as the
committee was so happily constituted, that whatever
report they might nuke could not fail to be satis-
factory to all.
Mr. RHETT replied to Mr. Underwood, insist-
ing that, without further legislation, the House was
fully rmpowered to punish disorderly conduct.
Some acts were so manifeNtly disorderly, that no
doubt could be pretended in relation to them, of
which fighting on the floor durisg the sittings of the
House was certainly one. Mr. R. said there could
be no law passed defining what should be deemed
disorderly conduct, without the concurrence of the
Senate and the President. Did the gentleman wish,
then, to act on a question of the privileges of mem-
bers of that House? He presumed not. He th"n
quoted th; clause of the Constitu'ion which makes
the House the so'e judge in such cases, and em-
powers it to punish.
Mr. WISE thought all the resolutions which had
been offered premature. The House must act ju-
dicially ia the matter; refer it to no committee, bat
judge of the evidence for itself; and even this it
could not lawfully do till the parties had been taken
into custody, and arraigned on articles of accusa-
tion, and put npon their defence. There was not
the shadow of a „doubt as to the power of the
House to punish; but it must be after a regular
trial.
Mr. UNDERWOOD replied, and spoke in vin-
dication of the^round he had before assumed. He
quoted other passages of the Constitution in reply
to Mr. Rhett, arguing that though Congress pos-
sessed power to punish piracy, that did not prevent
the necessity of its first * defining" what piracy
was, and pas-ing laws for its punishment.
The doctrine of contempts was a doctrine of ihe
common law; but in Kentucky it had been found
necessary to limit and define it by satute, and
there was the same necessity here. He scouted
the idea of going into a formal trial, as proposed
by Mr. Wise; it wou'd occupy the re<t of the ses-
sion, and after all, would result in nothing.
Mr. CHINN bow moved the previous question,
which was seconded, put, and carried.
But, on Mr. ADAMS'S remonstrance, who de-
clared he could not vote unless the parties had an
opportunity to be heard,
The vote for the previous question was, on mo-
tion of Mr. ANDREWS, reconsidered—ayes 69,
noes 60.
Mr. BRIGGS then proposed that the parties b
now called upon to state their objections, if any
they could show, to the adoption of the amend,
ment declaring them guilty of a breach of the
privileges of the House.
Messrs. GARLAND and BYNUM declined ad-
dressing the House.
Mr. McKAY read an extract from one of the
documents of the Hou^e, in which was a case in
point, where the House had, in a similar case, pro-
ceeded thus far, and afterwards re-committed the
whole subject to the same committee. In the pre-
sentcase, the committee had been unanimous in
thei; report of the facte; and was there not good
reaeon to expect the same unanimity in any re-
commendation tbey might make? And if they
agreed that in their opinion the H^itse had no
pow<-r to pnni-h. that would be perfectly satisfac-
tory, ?nd « oa' i go out to the country, as the reasoa
why the H > i-e had not ¡icted on the matter.
Mr. JQHNS'JjN of Maryland was cpuosed to
recommiirrenr. By referring the subject to a
committee, it would be transferring the power of
House to examine into the facts, to that committee.
It was the duty of the members, as the judges who
were to try the case, to hear and examine the facts
the facts them eives. The persons accused had
not been afforded an opportunity to defend them-
selves on thü floor, the only proper p'ace in which
they should be heard. The House was the only
proper place in which to interrogate witnesses.
They were the triers, and fhould hear all ihe testi-
mony. If he should ever be so unfortunate as to
be involved in a difficulty with a lellow member,
he would never consent to be tr.ed in the damp
dungeons of the Capitol by any committee, but
claim to be heard befoie the jury which was to de-
cide on his case—the House. Mr. J. went into an
argument to show why ques'ions of privilege should
be tried in the House aio ,e. He was opposed, on
principle, to refunng the character and standing of
member.-i to a co*-nmittee; because the committee
might be so constructed by% partisan Speaker as
not to afford an impartial examination into the
facts. It would, in effect, be giving the whole
power of the House to try, into the hands of the
Speaker, operating through his commttue. After
showing the necessity of action on the subject, he
said if the House declined to give any action, the
whole subject had better be laid on the table; but if
it felt disposed to check indiscretion and disorder,
now was ihe time to d>) it.
Mr. TILLINGfHAST read the following, which
he thought would be proper as a preliminary reso-
lution, to precede the amendment proposed by Mr.
BaiGfl <
"Whereas the committee appointed to report
the facts of the case of violence that occurred
in this Hoese between Messrs. Rich Garland
and Jesse A. Btnum; have made thei' report, and
this House is now about to take order thereon:
"Resolved, That Mr. Speaker call on the said
Rice Garland and Jesse A. Btnüm now to show
cause, if any they or either of ihem, have, why
the House should not now proceed to act and ad-
judge upon the facts as set forth in said report,
and that they now have an opportunity to be heard
in respect to the facts so reported, and in respect to
the action and judgment of the House thereon."
The CHAIR ruled this íesolution not to be in
order at present.
Mr. BRIGGS then went into a recapitulation of
the successive steps which had thus far been
taken; and insisted thatihe parties had had the full-
est opportunity before the committee of adducing
their witnesses and cross-examining them, and of
making their own statements at large. Since then,
they had had an opportunity afforded them in the
House; and had declined availing themselves of
it. What was now in the way to prevent the
House from proceeding to act on tne report of the
committee? As to what Mr. PrnurcíN had said
about former disorders, one evil did not excuse an-
other; and the frequent recurrence of such cases
did but the more cl°arly show the necessity of some
decided action on the part of the House to prevent
them in fn'ure.
Mr. EVERETT made some remarks scarce
heard at all by the Reporter, but which were under-
stood to deprecate the parties being judged without
a hearing before the Housj, and such proceedings
as might appear on its records as a judicial transac-
tion. He thought the- accusaton otjght to be
brought to a point, and presented in an explicit
form. And he proposed a -resolution going to re-
commit the subject, with instructions to the com-
rni tee to report what coarse oujht to be taken, and
what should be the mode of proceeding.
The CHAIR ruled t!<  amendment not to be in
order, it being, in substance, the same with one al-
ready offered bv Mr. Craig.
Mr. RHETT, in reply to the arguments of Mr.
Wm, that the member should be arrested by the
