398
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Sergeant-at-arms, and arra g.ied at Ibe bar of the
House, deuiet iba' u was at ¡ill  eces-.uy. The
object of ane<t w*s to bntu belorf toe Hi.me
such ptis ns as were not m ih- Hou e, but the
memoer was in ih¿> House, and had a right lo de-
fend himself, and le heard, u he thought proper to
do so, without any tormal mutton to that efTec;
«rid no member had a right to call him to order, it
he were to rue toaddre-¡> toe House. He defied
the gsutleman to proiuoeone instance id parlia-
mentary history, where a member was arrested,
and arra'gned, under the circumstance , a-i was
contended lor by the gent eman from Virginia,
[Mr. Wtss 1,
Mr. WELLER moved the previous question,
but withdrew it at ihe request of Mr. Ciuia, who
wishe' to >h4ii¿e the relative order betAeen his
ovia atnenliit'iit and that ifi\-rel atteiwards by-
Mr. BriQjS: he wishe I Mr. Brigc^'s to go first, and
his own to folio v. He according y wihdrew Ins
ovva auvmd.nent, and itien odeieu it a  an amend-
meat t > th¿ amendment of Mr. Bkicgj.
The uuv-'ion bu'ig about to bt: Uken,
Zar. TURNEY mo.-ed to lay the whole subject
on the table.
The yea', and nays were demanded by Mr.
BRIGGá; am! being taken, resulted as fulloivs:
yea  63, nays 95.
So the Houac refustd to lay the subject on the
table.
Mr. WELLER renewed his call for the pie7ious
question; but s^.d he would withdraw" it, if either
of the gentl-men ¡vished to address ¡he House. It
was secunde!, pu', and catried.
Mr. COOPER oi Georgia ofered the folio wring
resolution, and expressed a wi>h that Mr. Ciuia
would accept ¡t; whic i w„s re^d as ¡oil^ws:
Resolved, That rie w.io.e subject be recoT miifed
to Ihe Select Comuimee, with instruc urn to re-
port what fuither proceedings are necsssary on the
part of in; Hou e; an I also the form in which the
said proceedings shall be had.
Mr. CRAIG accrpttd it ss a modification; and
the question being oa l's adcp'ioa,
Mr. PETRIKIN demanded the yess and nays;
which having been ordeieJ, were—yeas 106, nays
57.
So the whole subject was recommitted.
Mr. ANDREW S movtd that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. PARRIS demanded the yeas  and nays;
wh.ch havrng been ordered, were—yeas 83, naj s
79.
The House accordingly adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, jlay IS, 1310
Mr BUCHANAN piesented t em "norial of the Chamber
of Commerce •>( the rity ei Philadelphia, prayinz for the con-
struction of a harbor in the river Deitware, and the erection
ofaligut-nouseo i BranJywnae Spoils.
Also,;  mPin anal from the same, \ raying  for the establish-
ment of liuovs in the river Delaware and bay;
both of which were refeired lo the Committee on Commerce.
A'so, a mernoiia' ¡,o a a number of citizens ofl'.ulalelplua,
praying lor the erectio i of a n w ci-'oui house- referred to
the Committee on Commerce
Also, the memorial oi Catharine Rinker, praying for a pen-
sion   relerrtd to the Committee on Pensions.
A'so, the memorial ol a number rn c iz°ns of Philadelphia,
prai ing an appropriation for ihe completion of the l.ght house
on Brandywme Shoals: referred to the Commutes ou Com-
merce.
Mr MERRICK presented the memorial of the Board of
Trade ol the city ol Baltimore, praying the passage of a bank-
rupt la*. I.ii.: on lite utile
Mr. WHITE presen fed the affi'avits of sundry individual
of Widkonsin Territory, on ihe subject of a claim to lands at
Milwaukie. laid on the table.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee of Cla'ms, reported a
bill for the rebel if Diuiel S eenrod, which was real, and or-
dered to a second readms
Mr. NICHOLAS, Horn the Committee on Military Affairs,
reported
A bill for the relief of Mary W Thompson;
A bill authorizing the purchase of an island at the confluence
of the St Peiers and Mississippi rivers; and
A bill making appropriations to complete certain military
road* in the State of Arkansas,
which were sever illy read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Naval Affairs, ask-
ed to be discharged from the fur her consideration of the peti-
tion of Henry Wilson; which wasasreed to.
BILLS PASSED.
The bill for the relief of David Stone, and
f The bill auth >rizmg the harbors of Sippican and Mattapoi-
•ett, in the State of Massachusetts, to be known hereafter as
porta under those names, were read a thud time, and passed
The bill lor the relief of Fiancis Cazeau was ordered to be
engrossed (or a third reading.
The toil fot the relief of Thomas L. Winthrop and others,
after some remai ks fi «in Messrs STRANGE and CALHOUN,
was recommitted the Committee on the Judicial)'
I lie bill to create an ad itioual land office in the State of
Michigan hav ng been read a third time, and the question being
un its |' i~«ue.
Mr POKl'ISK objected to the bill, on the ground t! at ihera
were no white seiners hi the new district pioposed lo be esta-
blish d, and none like'y to go iheie loi some time to cumi lie
saw no noreS'-iiV foi a Hher land disti ctin All lngan Asuffi-
cient nu liber weie ea'abhsned in ih.u state alteady. He did
not think it piobtble that.in\ lands would be pun based in the
piopuse I disu.ct Uu «onu \vais, nirihat anyiittitnienta ol
white pio.ile would be made m it tor alo ig tun"' lit1 ad been
mlormed bya mombei ot ihe Senate oi M.ciiigin [the Re
poiter uutUrsiood him to say Mr Budge] mat at additional
lau.t i fti e was unnecessary in that connuy; and he hid de-
rived oilier tacts which led him to h s coin Iumuiis, lrom Mi Ro-
bertStewirt, now ui this city In the routse oflus rtmaiks, I e
al->o staled that theie wer-nu orgi uzed counties nor any oilier
counties with any ituei lhan lmigioaiy miss, within the pro-
po-ed new distuct.
Mr NORVhLL said, that the bill now before the Senate,
which had yesterday bcenoidertd to a third itaiing, proposed
tidiv Ion   G.ii'R id land di>inci into two thsu cis, and
10  esubl s'. a ik* one, to b •. 'He I the Gran 1 1'iaverse Disiiic,
in a portion ot i le iwth iiisccnon ol M.chig.tp Since the
litesuiveysWLia uiu' .u thaG.and m\ el i'isiriLt, it h ij been
a-s.'.'ruined thai it ron'aine I ab >u ten mil ons ol acie-) ni land
actually surveyed, and n^aily <>■ quite rta.ly to be biot>ghi into
niaiket, besides atxut o.ie uu lion le naming to b s uveyed
Tne existing disinrt, as piopoaed to be limite' by ihe bid, 1.01
lamet up.vanls ol five ullioinot un?ild laudt>, a.id the in w
distil u about the same quantity. Eii'h of these «listucis wis,
as h • unduritoo 1, latter uuu almost any other land distr ct in
the Unned Sia.e« trieb I had met the approbation (I the
Committee on Public Lands in the Sena'i, tie tomante
in tha otoef Hius', and the Co nmHsioierof the Geneial
Lmd Ofhce. It contained ouiei provi ions besides those
to wh'c'i he hid alvt-ued Ii mnexo 1, for the pre-
sent, all the Uo ier Páiii'isuia ol Michigan, wi h the l-landi
in Lak ■ Huron, and it  waters, lyii'J wi In 1 the limits
ot the State, to the 1) tioit luid di^rnt-t And it au-
i'ioiize I the Piesi len to c ,a ,'e the lora'ion 01 cei am of the
lmd offices, whenever, in his indjment, the pub'ic inttie ts re
quire.Ut. lie was rea 1> at a It.-u to um'.erstanl tilt motive 01
the otject ol his colleague, in the opposition which he had just
disclose I to the bill It was tht first time that he had evei heard
it alleged as an objection to the establishment ol a I md district
anda land ollie, that the v\ hite «eulemeius in lite district were
small, or that there werenon  in tc il" had supposed that ihe
oi|>c*ol rstibliohingsui.h d'stnets and offices aas to attract
settlers—'oenablethem tomik' their selections, ardent r their
land  witu convenience, and thm to accelerate ttie settlement ol
the country For hiinsel', he would say that he should nevei
be the man who would resist any mea-ure calculated to facili-
tate and hasten the set lement, cu'tivauon, and population ol his
own State. Thai was a policy wnicli he could never reconcile
to his feelings, or to hi"  sense ol duty to the Suite which had
conferred upon him the honor whicn lie erjoyed oftepresenmg
her in the councils of the nation
Lut, in po.nt ol fact, he had understood from the Representa-
tive of Michigan in the other House who resided 111 the western
section of ihe State, thai a white settlement commenced two
years ago, and was going on within the proposed new landdis-
11 let, orí the Mauistee nver. Valuable 1 amis were lound 111 that
district Iheyweie destined to an early occupation and settle-
ment. The country would piobably till up rapidly When
ihe fust land office was established in Michigan, the whole pe-
i liiiu 1, containing motethtn twenty-fivo millions of acre1?, had
not five thousand wuite mhab.tants within its limiu Tne
western sec ion had 1101 been occupied b> a single white man
In rtsard to the counties alluded to, he had never belore heard
of a county in Michigan bounded by imaginary lines There
wasni such thing Every county was distinctly described,
and Us boundaries laid down in the law jje had learned that
the whole country in quesi.on had been laid off into counties
at ihe late session of the LegHla'ure of the State Counties in
that S.ate were at fiist orgtnized lor mdiv dual purposes, and
annexed to older counties lor political purposes. When ihey at-
tained a particular and designated amount of population, they
were fallvorganized forallpurp ise1  But even count) hal,tiom
t<ie beginning, not its imaginary, I at its =pet 111c boun«faues In
relation to theuumberof land distucts in Michigan, there, rt ere
at this time but five, wuen she ha I upwards of twenty millions
of acres ol unsold public lands lying within her limit . O her
States hada much greater comparative number nf land offres
Illinois ha 1 ten, with only about euli'een millions of acres of
unsoldlands By 1 bill winch had pissed the Sena e, one ol the
land d "tnctiin Mich gan would be abolished at onct, because it
contained but a few thousand acres of Ian 1 remaining to be sold
Another ot them, by the progress of siles, would, uruhrihe
operation of that bill, be aboiis ,e.l in a year or two He hoped
that the bill now before the Senate would pa^s, without further
opposition
Mr. WALKER submitted his views in favor of the bill. He
said that 'he Committee on the Public Lands had always acted
witn caution in the crettion of new land districts; and they had
carciu ly ascertained the necessity ol establishing the one in
M.chigan, embraced by the b II, before thev hal determined to
repnri it Upwards offive n nlions of acres of land were in-
cluded in the new district, and a larger quantity in the old dis-
turt fio.n «Inch the newone nid taken This was a larger
district than perhaps any othei in the United States. As to
setilert in the new district, it was not maternl whether there
were few or many Fojr distucts had been ealabli-hed in
Mississippi, with very few settlers many of ihem They were
established before the Ian Is wefe ready to be brought into
mark-t The hill whirh passed this body some time ago, abo-
lished nine or ten land distnc.s,and at least one lq Michigan No
increase ol districts would be made by this bill.
Mr CLAVof Kentucky opposed ihe bill, and
Ml. CL\Y of Alabama supported it.
Mr. KIi\G suggested an amendment, withholding coropen~a-
tlon frim the Reg ster and Receiver until they entered on the
discharge of their duties
Mr NORVELL presented such an arrendmen*; which was
unanimously dgreed to.
The question was then taken, and the bill passed—ayes 22,
noes 12, as follows-
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Anderson, Benton, Brown, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Cqthbert, Grundy, Hubbard, King,
Mouton, Nicholv, Norvell, Robinson, Strange, Stunrmn t ^
pan, Walker. Wall, Wught, and Young-Si            *     ' f,,P-
NA\S-Messrs Clay olK n'ti. «y, Clayton,C lttenden n.
v|s, Dixon, Lumpkin, Merritk, Poitei, Pientiss, Ruaele  t!'
madge, and Wane-12                                               SS «e. TaU.
The bi Uoidaietl to bo esgrossed yesterday were sererall
rea I a thud time, and passed.                                                   'J
The bill for the relief ot Thomas L Winthrop and other*
directors of an association Called "The New England Mississin
pi Land Comp mv " was taken up and after some remarks hi
Messis STR\NGE and CALHOUN, wis, on motion of ¡¡ft
HUBB\RU, recommitted to the Co nmittee on the Jutliciar 
The bill loi the renel of ihe legal rep-esentativts ol Franci
Cazeau, wis cnn-nleied in committee ol the whole, and or'
deied to be encrosstd
SYS1EM OF BANKRUPTCY
The Senate resumed the const lt>ition of ihe bill to catab.
lish a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the Unitsj
Sta es; and the question was still on Mr Wall's substitute tar
ttiebi!'
Mr SMITH of Indiana argued at large on mo«t of the grsat
and impoitant topics alieady mentioned as belong ng to the
siibiect He examined anil discussed the peculiar principle,
jnii piovisions of the substitu e, oppos ng it, and repudiating
them as wion  and inexpedient, aid advocating, wuh mucj
zeal and eirnes'neos, the anginal bill from the commi'lee
Mr WEliSTiSR having intim.i'edhis desire to address the
Senate on tl-issubpct—
' On motion of Mi HUBBARD, it was postponed to Monday
next.
On motion of Mr RUGGLES, ti e bill to provide foi the bet.
tersecurity of ih" lives ol passengers on bo.nd of vessels pru,
pc'itd in whole or 111 part bv eteai-i, was taken up, an 1, after
liaung been ame 1 tied in seveial pariiculars, its lurther consi
deration was postponed unid M mil iy next.
On motion, the Senate ai'journed 10 Monday
HOUSE OF REPaESENTATIVaS,
F,.iDáY, May 15, 1840.
Mr. CAMPIit.LL vf South Carolina atdted
leave lo reftr a pptttton, on a subject alieady be-
fore the Hou^e, to the appropriatecjramitiee.
Mr. REYNOLDS also asked leave to refer a
petition to the Comimitee on Revolutionary
Claim*.
Objectp n beins ma'le, leave was rot g anted.
Mr. CAMPBELL a-^ed ¡f it would be in order
to devote the morning h^ar to ihe reception of pe-
ti ions.
The SPEAKER replied that it could be done
only by the consent oí two-ih rds.
The SPEAKER then laid beiore the House the
following communications:
1.  Letter from ihe Secretary of War, transmit-
ting *he information required by ihe resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 23d of March
last, respecting the progress which ha? been made
in effecting a treaty with the Wyandott Indians for
the purchase of their lands in Crawford county,
Ohio.
On motion of Mr. L. WILLIAMS, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
2.  Letter from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting, in compliance with the resolution of the House
of Repiesentatives of the 9th ultimo, a system of
national derence and the establishment of a Na-
tional Foundry.
On motion of Mr. WISE, fo much as relates to
a national foundry was referred to the Select Com-
m/itee on the subject.
On motion of Mr. W. THOMPSON, the report
and accompanying documents were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and 2,000 extra
copies ordered to be prin'ed.
Mr. C. H. WILLIAMS offered the following
resoluiian:
Resolved, That ihe first Wednesday in June next
be set apart by the House to the exclusion of all
other business, for ihe bills, resolutions, &c. re-
ported by the Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia to be ac'ed upon.
Mr. PETR1KIN objected.
Mr. WILLIAMS then moved a suspension of
the rale-, and called for the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 73,ynays 81.
So the rules were net suspended
Mr. BANKfi asked the favoi of the House to
take up two shrjVt bills; whichihe said, could be
pa^ed in two minutes.             i
Objections beitg made,      /
Mr. B. withdrew his request.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
The unfinished business/brine the report of the
Select Committfáon the Public Printing, and the
pending question i\om Wednesday last being on a
motion for the previous ajuestton on an amendtneat
offered by Mr. P^aisffw, of Pennsylvania, to
