/
íi/Eyahs,
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
399
of
hat contained in
the commifee )
ay  be more fully
resolutions repott-
ittee, and moved in
chairman; they are
another amendment moved  by  Mr,
Maine—
Mr. Petrikin withdre^ his amendfcion<,
The question, therefore! was nii/ou the call for
ihe previous question, bit applieple now to Mr.
Evan's amendment, (which
a report   from th*1 minojrity
That the stats of the quésti
understood, we insert, first,
ed by the majority of the dpi
the House by Mr. Black, "
as follows:
Resolved, That ihe printing of Congress, unless i
when otherwise specially ordered, shall be done
in the following manner ana form, and to be paid
for at the prices hereinafter set fonh.
For the composition of every page of bills, 85
cents of every page of small pica plain work, 85
cents; of every page of rule work, #1 70; of every
page of brevier rule work, $2 98; and, for a larger
form of trevier rule work, in proportion.
For the press work of bills, including paper, fold-
ing, and stitching, tor fifty copies, 214 cents per
page; for four hundred copies, $1 06i per page; for
the press work of table*, other than thuse in the re-
guiar octavo form, for sis hundred copies, includ-
ing paper, folding, and stitching, $4 67 i p3r iorm;
for the press work of the journals, oí nine hundred
copies, including paper, folding, and stitching, 85
cents per page; for all other printing in the octavo
form, of six hundred copies, including paper, lold-
iog, and stitching, 74 4-10 cents per page; and fora
larger or smaller number in proportion.
Rejoiced, That all bills shall be printed on cap or
double cap "sized" paper, of quality equal to that
on which bills are at present printed, and f-hall con-
tain not less than 1,888 p ca ems; joint resolutions
shall be printed on the same paper, in the same
type, and estimated in the same way as bills. Every
octavo page of printing, in small pica, rhall be ex-
eeu:ed on paper of royal cr double royal mzc, of
the same quality as now used, and shall contain
not less than 1,732 ems; and every brevier page
shall correspond with the above in size and qua-
lity, and shall con'ain not less than 3,060 ems.
The orders of the day and calendar shall be printed
in small pica type, on cap or double cap piper of
the quality now used for bills; and each page shall
contain not less than 3,325 ems: the composition
thereof shall be paid for at and after the rate of
price paid for royal octavo pages of small pica; and
the press work thereof shall be paid for at the same
rate as charged for the press woik of bills.
All plain or figure work shall be set in small
pica; and, when ihere are notes or side notes, thsy
«hall be set in brevier. All rule or rule-and-figure
vork shall be set in small pica, when it can be
brought into pages in that type; and when it can-
not be brought into pages in small pica, it shall be
set in brevier; and, when it cannot be brought into
pages with either, it shall be set in a brevier broad-
side.
Mr. EVANS, of Maine, one of the minority of
the same committee, moved the following amend-
ment, in conformity to the report of the minority
of that committee:
"That, as it appears by the evidence, two offers
have been made to execute the public printing for
this House, one at the rate of 25 percent, less than
the price fixed by the joint íesolution of March 3,
1819, and the otner at the rate of 20 per cent, less
than the said prices, this House do not (feein it ex-
pedient to pay the printers thereof a higher rate of
compensation than the prices at which other per-
sons are willing to do Ü13 work who are competent
to perform it:
Racked, That the printing of the present House
of Representatives, executed since the eleciion of
the prm'ers to the House, and hereafter to be exe-
cuted, ¡-hall be paid for at a reduction from the
prices fixed by the joint resolution passed March 3,
1819, at the following rates, to wi':           Per cent.
For the price for composition of every page
of small pica, plain work, at a redutt.on of   10 •
Of every pag« of iule-work, small pica, at a
reduction of            .           .           _           -40
Of every page of brevier rule-work, at a re-
duction of -           -           .           .           ,30
Of composition of all other kinds, at a reduc-
tion of                    .           .            .           -    15
For ihe price of press work of every descrip-
tion, including paper, folding, stitching, in-
cluding all  materials and   delivery at  ihe
Cap.tol, where the t rdinary number of co-
pies are required, at a reduction of             -    15
And  where an  extra number of copies, not
exceeding 5,000, are required, at a reduction,
on the extra numbers, of    -           -           -    30
And where more than 5,000 are required       -    40
Resolved,   That  the accounts for printing shall
be   made out   as heitofjre, at the   prices   fixed
by the íesolution of 1819; and, in anoihsr column,
against the amounts carried out against each head
ot expense, sha'l be set down the reduction on each
sum at the fore going rates; and, in a third column,
the nett amount to be paid agreeably to  the fore-
going resolution.
Resolved, That when the same document or pap-r
is rr nt«i tor both Houses ot Congress, and Ihe com-
position of the same is charged in the Senate's prim-
ing, no charge for compo>iuon sh-Ulbe made in t^e
House printing, eicept for sunli neaessary altera-
tions of head lines, &c. as is required."
On this amendment ihe previous question had
been moved.
The qu?sii:n being about to be put on seconding
the call tor the previou-. question,
Mr. CHINN moved a call of the Hou.>e.
,     The yeas and nays were demanded on this mo-
lion, and, being ord-rcd, were taken, and resulted
as follows—yeas 70, nays 105.
i      So the House ret used the call,
I      Mr. BLACK rosf, and wishel to submit some
remarks to the House; but, the previous question
havtrg been moved,  he was callH to order by
many member-!, and also by the Chair; when he
resumed his teat.
The call for the previou- question was seconded,
put, and carried; and, the question recurring on
adopting the amendment of the minority, moved
by Mr. Evans, as a substitute for that of the ma-
jority, moved by Mr. Black,
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana moved to divide
the question, and that the question be first put on
striking out the report of the majority, and then on
adopting the substitute. On this motion a discus-
sion on order arose, in which Messrs. GARLAND,
BANKS, and several other gentlemen took part: it
was very irregular, several gentlemen rising at the
same time.
The CHAIR decided that the question to strike
out and insert was indivisible.
The resolution of the committee and the pro-
pose! substitute were then both read agiin.
The question was then put on adopting the sub-
stitute moved as an amendment by Mr. Evans of
Maine, and decided by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adama, Al ford, J. \V. Allen, Andrews, Ba
ker, Barnard, Bell, Biddle, Bnggs, Brockway, Anson Brown,
Caihoun, W. B Cam bell, Cauer, Casey, Chum, Chittenden,
Clark, James Cooper, Crabb, Cranston, Curtis, dishing, Daw-
son, Deberry, Dennis. Deile', Edwaids, Evans, Eveittt, Fill-
more, Rice Garland, Gates, Geutry.Giddings, Gosrein, Goodc,
G aham, Graves, Green, Grmnell, Hall, Wm 3. Hastings,
Hawes, Henry, Hill of Va. Hoffman, Hopkins, Hunt, James,
Charles Johnston, Wm. Cost Johnson, King, Lincoln, Mt-Carty,
Marvin, S Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, M< i ¿an, Calvary Morns,
Naylor, Ogle, Osborne, Talen, íeck, Pope, Proffit, Kan all,
Randolph, Rauden, Rayney, Reed, Rulgway, Russell, r>er-
geant, Simonlon, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Storis, Sluait,
Taliaferro, W. Thompson, Tillinghast. Toland, Tnpleit,Trum-
bull, Underwood, Peter J. Wagner, Warren, E. D White, John
White, T. W. Williams, Lewis Williams,, Joseph L. Williams,
Christopher if. Williams, and Wise—98.
NAYS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, llenne, Black, Blackwell, Brewster, Aaron V.
Brown, A G Brown, Burke, William O Butler, Byuum, John
Campbell, Carr, CarrüIl,Chapman, Clifford, Colts, Connor,
Mark A. Cooper, Wm. II. Cooper, Craig, Cross, Dana Da
vee, John Davis, Doan, Doig, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely,
Fine, Fletchi-r, Floyd, Fornance, Galbrauh, Gerry, Gnfiin,
Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, Hawkin*, Hill of N C. Hil-
len, Holleman, Hook, Howard, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Na-
hamel Jones, John-W. Jones, Kenn, Kemble, Kills, Lead
better, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, Mi Clellan, Mc-
Cuiloih, McKay, MdlUry, Marchnnil, Meclitl, Miller, Mon-
lanya, JIoni«omery, Samuel W. Morns, Nevvhard, Parish,
Farmenter, Pal ris, Pa> liter, Petrikin. Pientiss, Rams-ey, Rey-
nolds, Rhett, EdWciid Rog.rs, Ryall, Shaw,Shepard, A. Smith,
John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong,
Sumter, Sweanngen, Swuiey, Taylor, Jacob Thompson,
Turney, Vanderpoel, Vrooni, D. D. Wagener, Watteison,
WellT, JaiedW. Williams, Henry Williams, and Woilhing-
ton—107.
So the proposed substitute was rejected.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia presented the follow-
ing, which be wished to move as a substitute for
it
the resolutions of the majority, and asked that it
might be read for the information of the House:
"Whereas, the House of Representa uves hasen-
gaged certain individuals to do 'he printing, which
is now in progress of execution, by which this
House is laid under obligations to pay for the same,
according to the fair and reasonable worth of the
work and labor done and to be pertorme,-'; and for
as much as Ihe pr.ee, thereof cannct now te fairly
and jiss'ly d'termired by reference to the principle
of lowest bidde., it i3 theref ire
"Resolved, That the prices for printing of the
Houvp, during ihe pie-ent Confess, shall be fixed
on the basis if those of 1319, with a reducticn
thereon offif'e.'n p?r cent.
Th« CHAIR decided that it was too late, the
pievious question hav.rg been ordered.
The question then n-eur, ing on tne adopting the
rpsolutionrepcred b> the m?joriiy of the c< mmit-
tee, it wai decided by yeas and nays as follows—
yeas 175, nay  13:
YEAS—Messrs. Alford, Jnjson Allen, John W. Allen,
Hugh J Anderson, Andrews, All,-non, Hank«, BeJtcy, Beirne,
Be1!, Black, Blackwell, Biew-ttr, Bnggs, Brocfcwav, A. V.
Brown, Albert G Brewn, An-on Brown, Burke, William O.
Butler, Bynum,CaliU>uu, John Cunpbeil, VVilnam B. Camp-
bell, Carr, Cauoll, Carter, Casey, C apman, Chinn, Clark,
Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Connoi. .Tjrrn C >oper, ?.lark A.
Cooper, William I!. Cooper, Crabb, Craig. Cianoton, Dana,
Davee. John Dav s, Debei iy, Dermis, Ijellet, Doan, Doig,
Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Edwartis. E.y FiHuioie, Fine.Heicher,
Floyd,Galhrai'h, Rice Gailanfl, Gates, Gentiy.Gerry, Goggin,
Goode, Graves, Green, Gnfhn, Grmnell, Hall, Hammond,
limit, WilliamS Hastings, John Has'ines, Ilaw.s, Hawkins,
Henry, Hill of Va Ilillen, Hoffman, Holleman, Hook, Hop-
kins, Howard, Hubbard. Hunt, James, Jameson, Charles
Johnston, Cave J ihuson, Nathaniel Jones, John W Jone ,
Ke'im, Kemble, Kil e, Leadbetttr, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lin-
coln, Lowell, Lucas, MeCarty, Mi-ClWian. McCulloh, McKay,
Mallory, Marchand, Marvin, Mason,Metlill, Miller, Monroe,
Mnntanya, Montgomeiy. Morgin, Samuel W Moiris, Calvary
Morris, Nailor. Newhard, Osborne, Palen, Parish, Parmenter,
Paynter, Pope, Premies, Kinder, Randall, Randolph, Rayner,
Reed, Remolds, Rheti, liubwiy, E Rogers, Russell, Ryall,
Shaw, Sh paid, S montón, A Ism th, John Smith, Tinman
S i nil, Thomas Snuin, Stinlv, H eenrol, Storrs, Suong, S'nnrc,
Sumter, Sweannten, Sweney, Talialerro, Taylor, Jacob
Thompson, TillingI a>t, Toland, Tri,>¡ett,Turne\, Tjntlerwood,
Vanderpoel Vroom, David D. \i agener, Watteroon, Weller,
Edward D White, John White, Jaied W Williams, Thomas
W Williams, Henry William1 , Lewis Williams, Joseph L.
Williams, Cnnstopher II. William-!, and Worthington—175.
NAYS—Messrs Adorns, Baier, Barnard, Cushing, Dawson,
Giddmgs, King, Ogle, Parns, Petrikin, Randen, Sergeant, ana
Wise—13.
After the calling of the names of members had
been gone through with,
Mr. CUS HI ¡NG rose and said he had already
vote 1, and in the negative, upon the piio.ted copy
of the resolutions before him; but it might be that
the printed copy was erroneous, which was what
he wished to know. As printed, the resolution,
though only a House resolution, was in effect, ac-
cording to its terms, a law of Congress, governing
the Spnate, and was thsrefore unconstitutional.
The SPEAKER said it was now too late to
amend the resolution.
Mr. BLACK sail he was qui'e willing that the
error, which was a misprint, should be corrected
by substituting for "the printing of Congress" that
of the "House of Representatives."
The SPEAKER said it was now too late, unless
by general consent.
Mr. BLACK. Then if there be no objection I
move that-it be corrected.
The motion was objected to by the Whig party
generally.
Mr. B said:   Then let it stand.
Mr. CUSHING then said that he must adhere
to h's vote ia the negative.
S-í the report of the committee (in favor of fif-
teen per cent, reduction) was agreed to.
Mr. R. GARLAND moved to recommit the re-
sidue of (lie report, viz: that part which relaUs to
separating ihe public printing from the political
press, with msiruciions to report the bill, a projet
of which is contained in the minority's report.
Mr. BLACK reminded the Flouse that the ma-
jority of the comm ttee bad reported no bill, but a
resolution.
The reading, both of the bill proposed by th«
minority and also of the res'jmiion reported by the
majority, was deminded.
They were read accordingly.
Mr. ATHERTON moved to lay the whole sub.
ject on ihe table.
Mr. WISE demanded the yeas and nays, which
