402
CON&R&SSIONAL GLOBfc.
On motion by~*r. SEVIER, the petition «ml papera of
Captair  Fitx£«r ld were permuted to be withdrawn lrom the
file  of the Senate.
Mr WALKBR, from the Committee on the Public Lands, to
which ww usfcrred the bill to confirm the surrey and location
of claims br lands in the Slate of Mississippi, east of Pearl
river, «minouth of the 31st degree of north latitude, reported the
•mm withont MaendttMOt.
Mr* BA.VIS. from the Committee on Commerce, to which
was referred the petition of frith, Smith, and Co. mads an ad-
rvsjatteport thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
¡Kn .D also, from the same committee, to which was referred
certain documents exhibiting the relative consumption of oil
in light-houses by means of reflectors and lenses, made a favora-
bl  redr rt thereon; which was ordered to be printed.
Mi. PRESTON, from the Committee on Military Affairs, to
which was referred a memorial of the State of Kentucky, for
a_*sMiMilian of certain arma furn'shed by that State for the use
of the General Government, reported a joint resolution on the
s^tljeel; which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
fir,STRANGE, from the Committee on the Judiciary, to
which was recommitted the bill for the relief of Thomas L.
Whithrop and others, made a special report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce, reported a
bill for the establishment of ports of entry in the States of Mis-
seOti «*J Arkansas, aad to allow debenture m certain cases;
wtabwaa read, and ordered to a second reading, and the docu-
is*Bi%£onnected therewith ordered to be printed.
Mr. K. also, from the same committee, asked to be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the petition of David
E,.Brockeit; which was agreed to.
Mr. K. also, ftorn the same committee, asked to be discharged
flora the further consideration of various memorials in
islafien u>a new custom-house in the city of Philadelphia;
which was agreed to.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions, reported a
bilk for the relief of William Raud; which was read, and or-
dered to a second reading.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, to which was recommitted the bill for the relief of
Avery, Saltmarsh and Co. reported the same without amend-
ment.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolution for conside-
ration:
Reaolved, That, after to-day, the Senate will take a daily re-
cess from half past 2 o'clock, p.m. to 4 oclock, p. m.
The bill for the relief of Francis Cazeau was read a third
lime, «ad passed.
The bill for the relief of Richard Robertson was taken up,
acta committee of the whole, and, after being discussed by
Messrs. CLAY of Alabama, WILLIAMS, HUBBARD, and
TAPPAN, war iedefimmlely postponed—yeas 21, noes 12.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
HmMI to establish a uniform system of bankr uptcy through-
out the United States being taken up,
Mr. WEBSTER addressed the Senate at length in opposition
U> the substitute proposed by Mr. Wall, and in favor of the
bul «aponed by a majority of the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STRANGE intimating an intention to address the Senate
on thisnbject, it was informally passed over.
The Senate then weal into the consideration of Executive bu-
And then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday. May 18, 1840.
XHE INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr. ATUERTON said he rose for the purpose of submitting
a. motion to suspend the rules to enable him to make a motion
that the House resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, for the purpose of considering the bill
from the Senate, commonly called the Independent Treasury
Bill.   He accordingly made the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr, CUSHING objected to that motion.
Mr. LINCOLN demanded the yeas and nays on the motion
to aMBapd the rules; which were ordered.
Mr.fiVANSsaid there was a very thin House, and he there-
iare moved a call; and, on that motion, demanded the yeas and
nays; which, having been ordered, were—yeas 86, nays 48. So
the House determined to have a call; which was proceeded is,
and is^aruwered to their names. The list of absentees was
then called over until.
On motion of Mr. LEET, all further proceeding in the call
waadjeBeasea1 with.
The question then recurred on the motion to suspend the
rules; which having been taken by yeas and nays, resulted—
yeas 105, nays77.   So the rules were not supended.
Mr. ATHERTON then moved to suspend the rules for the
purpose of introducing a resolution in substance that the House
would, on to-morrow, at the hour of twelve o'clock, resolve it-
«stf ime'Otmrnittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to
take up the tadependent Treasury Bill, and that it be made the
•paejarorderlor that day, and erery subsequent day, from the
same hour, to take precedence of all other business until dis-
posed of.
Mr. R-GARLAND inquired of the Chair whether it would
wnt.be; in order on to-morrow to move the resolution?
■The CHAIR said it would not, except on a suspension of the
rules for that purpose, the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Tenasaeej Mr. Bbll, to secure the freedom of elections, being
theUost business in order on the calendar.
Mr. WELLER demanded the yeas and nays on the motion
•OuUipuiiilthe rules; whi h, having been ordered, were—yeas
}8J, ay*T9, as follows:
"^ASM-Messrs. Alford, Jodson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson,
Atherton, Banks. Beatty, Beirne, Blackwell, Brewster, Burke,
Sampson ft. Butler. William O. Butler, Bynum, Carr, Carroll,
Chapman, Clifford,  Coles, Colquitt,  Connor,   Craig, Crary,
. Cross, Dana. Davee, John Davis, John W. Davis. Doan, Doiff,
Bromgóole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Fillmore, Fine, Fisher,
"Fleterier, Floyd, Fornance,  Galbraith, Gerry, Griffin, Ham-
mond, liand, John Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of 'North Caro-
lina, Holmes, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Hubbard, Jacksos,
Jameson, Cave Johnson,  Nathaniel Jones,  Kclm,  Kemble,
Xtlte,  Leadbetter, Leet,  Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, McClellan,
. McCu(!«ch, McKay, Mallory,  Marchand, Miller,. Montanya,
Montgomery,  Samuel  W. Morris,  Newhard, Parrisb, Par-
-mewür, "yarns, Paynfer, Petrikin, Prentiss, Reynolds, Rives,
Robinson, Edward Rogers, Ryall, Sártrpels, - Shaw, Shepard,
Simonton, John Smith, Thomas Sm th, S-arkweather, Stean-
rod, Strong, Sumter, ^wearingen, Sweney, Jacob Thompson,
Turney, Vroom, Watterson, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Wil-
liams, and Henry Williams—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Btrnard, Bell, Biddle, Briges, Brockway, Anson Brown, Cal-
houn, William B. Campbell, Carter, Casey, Chittenden, Cran-
ston, Curtis, Cashing, Davies," Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry,
Dennis, Dellet, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Rice Garland
Gates, Gentry, Giddinga, Goggin, Goode, Graham, Graneen
Green, Habersham, Hall, William S. Hastings, Hawes, Hen-
ry, Hsffman, nuntl James, Jenifer, Lincoln, Marvin, Monroe,
Morgan, Osborne, Palen, Peck, Pope, Promt, Randall, Ran-
dolph, Rariden, Reed, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Sei-
geant, Slade, Storrs, Stuart, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson,
Tillinghast, Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Wagner,
Warren, Edward D. White, John AVhite, Thomas W. Wil-
liams, Lewis Williams, and Christopher II. Williams—79.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. MONROE of New York made a motion to suspend the
rules to enable him to move a resolution that the House would
on to-morrow, at 12 o'clock, and every subsequent day, except
Fridays and Saturdays, at the same hour, resolve iiself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, to take up the
several appropriation bills in the order in which they stand on
the calendar; and that said bills be made the special order to take
precedence of all other business until disposed of, excepting
private bill days; and that then the Independent Treasury bill
should be taken up aud disposed of after the same manner.
Mr. R. GARLANDsaid the resolution would not change the
order of business. These bills came up as a matter of course.
Mr. ADAMS moved to lay the motion to suspend the rules on
the table.
Mr. IROFFIT demanded the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered.
Mr. McKAY inquired if it was in order to do a thing by reso-
lution which was already provided for.
The CHAIR said the gentleman had made a motion to sus-
pend the rules for that purpose, which was in order.
Mr. TURNEY hoped the rules would be suspended.
Mr. MONROE having modified his resolution, after some con-
versation, wiihdrew it.
The SPEAKER announced that this being the day set apart
by the rules for the reception of resolutions, he would proceed
to call the S'ates for that purpose; but
On motion, the rules were suspended for the purpose of pre-
senting petitions; when
The SPEAKER called the States for that purpose, commenc.
ing with the State of Massachusetts.
Petitions were then presented by Messrs. ADAMS, BRIGGS,
REED, BAKER, PARMENTER, H. WILLIAMS, CUSHING,
andW B.CALHOUN, of Massachusetts.
By Mr. TILLINGHAST of Rhode Island.
By Messrs. OSBORNE and TRUMBULL of Connecticut.
By Messrs. HALL, SLADE,  and FLETCHER of Vermont.
[Mr. Fletcher presented memorial of several citizens of the
city of Rochester, Monroe county, New York, praying the re-
lease of Wm. ¡L. Mackenzie; (this memorial was nearly forty
feet in length, and signed by names on tiro columns, the whole
length.)   Memorial of John G. Parker and numerous signers
of Rochester, New York, on the above subject    Memorial of
Morgan Penfield and other citizens of Monroe county, New
York,on the same subject. Memorial of J. D. Langdon and others
of Genesee county, New York, on the same subject.     Me-
morial of J. P Ballard and others of Murray, Orleans county,
on the same subject.   Memorial of H. T. Camp and other
citizens of Stowe, Vermont, praying for the relief of Wm. L.
Mackenzie. Petition of Harvey Richardson of Montpelier, Ver-
mont.   Petition of H. W. W. Miller and others, praying for a
grant of land in Oregon Territory.]
By Messrs. HAND, PRENTISS, STRONG, WAGENER,-
BROWN, VANDERPOEL, BREWSTER, DANA, LEO-
NARD, MONTANYA, ALLEN, JACKSON, FLOYD, MAL-
LuRY, CUKTIS, BARNARD, NATHANIEL JONES.HOFF-
MAN, FILLMORE, HUNT, MORGAN, FINE, GATES,
KEMBLE, CHITTENDEN, GRENNELL, MONROE, PA-
LEN, and ROGERS, of New York.
[Mr. Hand presented the following petitions- Of Joseph El-
lery for a pensioa. referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions. Of Stephen Howard, a Revolutionary soldier, for a grant
of land: referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.
Of Alexander Ferrishj and others, praying for indemnity for
losses in the Revolutionary War: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims. Of Jeremiah McCready, praying
for reimbursement of moneys advanced to two companies of
United States troops during the last war: referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims. Of John Clark, for a pension: referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions. Of children of
Joseph Plumb,for arrears of pension: referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions. Of children of Mary Addones, for
arrears of pension: referred to the Committee on Revolutiona-
ry Pensions. Also, on his motion, the papers of Squire Ferris
were referred to the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions.]
[Mr. Jones of New York presented the petition of 126 voters
of the third district in the Seventh Ward of the city of New
York, praying that William Lyon Mackenzie may be speedily
released from imprisonment. The said Mackenzie having been
released, Mr. J. moved to lay it on the table.]
[Mr. Strong presented the following petitions: Of William
Wilcox and Truman Henninway, for relief: referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary. Of Isaac Goodwin, praying the
passage of a law making provision for the payment of his pen-
sion: referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions ]
[Mr. Prentiss presented the petition of Jeremiah E. Cary
and 49 other citizens of Cherry Valley, Otsego county, New
York, praying for the passage of a general bankrupt law.]
[Mr. Hunt of New York presented three memorials from
717 citizens of Troy, New York, praying Congress for the pas-
sage of a general bankrupt law.
Mr. H. said that upon presenting these memorials, he would
claim the indulgence of the House to submit a single remark,
though strictly out of order. He wished to call the attention of
the Committee on the Judiciary particularly to the subject of
the memorials. It was one of more general and engrossing in-
terest than any now before the country, and in his estimation
called for immediate action of the House committee, without
waiting the progress of the propositions on the subject of bank-
ruptcy, now pending before the other branch of the National Le-
gislature.
He, therefore, w«hed to bespeak the immediate attention of
the Judiciary Committee to the subject, and without further
trespassing upon the kindness of the House, would move the
reference [of the memorials to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Also, the memorial of 146 citizens of the town of Brunswick,
county of Rensselaer, New York, asking the House of llepre-
sentativesto inquire into the case of William Lyon Mackenzie,
imprisoned at Rochester, New York, under sentence from one
of the Federalcourts, fora violation of the neutrality laws of
the Government; and intercede for the release of said Mac-
kenzie.
Mr. H. said that, since receiving said memorial, and before
any opportunity hart been presented of offering the same to the
House, he had perceived from the public journals that the
prayer of the memorialists had been aomplied with by the Ex-
ecutive of the country, and he therefore would move to lay the
memorial upon the table.
Mr. H. also stated that he had in his possession resolutions
from the Legislature of his own State, in relation to the na-
tional domain, and also in reference to the consent of the State
to the construction by the General Government of a ship canal
around the Niagara Falls, and urging the passage by Congress
of a law for that purpose, but he would forbear sending said
resolutions to the table, as similar ones had already been pre-
sented by those who had preceded him this morning.]
Mr. RANDOLPH of New Jersey presented a petition from
certain citizens of that State, praying that the nett proceeds of
the public lands be distributed among the several States.   He
moved that it be referred to  the Committee on the Public
Lands, with instructions to report a bill, to go into effect after
the year 1840, in accordance with the prayers of the  petition-
ers.   Mr. R. moved the previous question on the motion.
Mr PETRIKIN moved to lay the whole subject on the table.
Mr. RANDOLPH demanded the yeas and nays
Mr. LEWIS moved that there be a call of the House, and on
that motion demanded the yeas and nays; which, having been
ordered, were—yeas 37, nays 108.
The question then recurring on the motion to lay the whole
subject on the table, it was determined in the affirmative on
yeas and nays, there being ayes 89, nays 69.
Petitions were then further presented by Mr. VROOM of
New Jersey.
By Messrs. PETRIKIN and JAMES of Pennsylvania.
[Mr. James presented a petition on the subject of Aboli.
tion, which he said he knew came within the rules on that
subjec; but he moved that the rules be suspended to enable
him to present them to the House. ]
Mr. LEWIS demanded the yeas and nays on the motion to
suspend the rules; which were ordered.
Mr. WISE moved to lay the motion to suspend the rules on
the table.
Mr. HUBBARD demanded the yeas and nays; which having
been ordered,
Mr. JAMES withdrew his motion to suspend the rules.
Petitions were further presented from Messrs. JAMES,
LEET, RAMSEY, TOLAND, EDWARDS, McCULLOCH,
MARCHAND, PAYNTER, OGLE, NEWHARD, HAM-
MOND, FORNANCE, and SARGEANT.
[Mr. Leet of Pennsylvania said he had received end was re-
quested to present a memorial adopted at a large and respecta-
ble meeting of citizens of the Territory ofWiskonsin, held at
Green Bay, on the ]2th of Februaiy last. This memorial, said
Mr. L. requests Congress to make appropriations in aid of the
improvement of the navigation of the Fox and Wiskonsin rivers,
as also the military road from Fort Howard to Fort Crawford;
which appropriations, it is suggested, shall be expended under
the direction of the War Department. The memorialists also
pray that a port of entry may be established at the town of
Green Bay. Mr. L. moved that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on the Territories, wnich was agreed to.]
[Mr. Petrikin presented the petition of sundry inhabitants of
Pennsylvania, for a grant of land to the officers of the army of
the United States who served during the late war with Great
Britain: referred to the Commitme en Military Affairs. Also,
the memorial of Daniel Nesbitt, and 43 oilier inhabitants of
Lewisburg, Union county, Pa. asking the passage of a law for a
protective tariff on all goods imported from foreign countries
into the United States: referred to the Committee on Manufac-
tures.]
[Mr. Paynter presented a petition from the citizens of Penn-
sylvania, asking that a law may be passed allowing a donation
of land to such officers as served during the war of 1812: refer-
red to the Committee on the Public Lands.]
At this stage of the proceeding, the House, in accordance with
the resolution adopted on Saturday last, took a recess from half
past 2 to 4 o'clock.
[evening session.]
At four o'clock the Speaker resumed the chair, and the call
on the States for petitions was continued.
Petitions were presented by Messrs. SERGEANT, BEATTY,
MORRI3S, and McCULLOCH of Pennsylvania.
[Mr. Bjbatty presented a petition signed by a large number
of the inhabitants of Western Pennsylvania, praying that a na-
tional road may be made from the base of the Laurel hill, by
way of the arsenal, near Pittsburgh, to the harbor at Erie.
Also one from a number of the inhabitants of Jefferson and In-
diana counties, praying that a post route may be established
from Brookvilleto Smicksburgh. Also one from a number of
the inhabitants of Alleghany and Beaver counties, praying for
a post route to be established between Pittsburgh and Hocks-
town.
Mr. B said he held in his hand, one signed by thirteen of the
inhabitants of Armstrong county, in his district.   He had not
the pleasure or knowing them, but he presumed they were
very respectable, as all his constituents were.   He regretted
that they were disturbed about slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia.   As it would be against the rule adopted In reference
to slavery, he wouldnotpress its reference.]
By Mr. ROBINSON of Delaware.
By Messrs. CARROLL and DENNIS of Maryland.
By Messrs. RIVES, TALLUFERO, and the SPEAKER, of
Virginia.
By Mr. SHEPARD of North Carolina.
By Messrs. HOLMES and CAMPBELL of South Carolina.
[Mr. Holmes presented  the memorial of the Chamber of
Commerce at Charleston, South Carolina, asking the passage
of a general bankrupt law, which on his motion was referred
to the Committee on Commerce.   Also, the memorial of a
steamboat company, in relation to compensation for carrying
the mail: referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads,]
