404
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
forthetn
____ r. i«w«rt.hlbhing «lihe of four horse post coaches,
wrtht transportation of the mail twice per week from Boone-
Cine. Coooeroountr, Missouri, by Georgetown, Calhoun, Clin-
üjnYandOceoU, to Springfield, and from thence through Berry
¿3 N8wton counties, in said State, to Fayetteville and Little
Sock in «he State of Arkansas: referred to the Committee on
thePost Office and Post Roads.   Of Amos Fristoe and other ,
asking tee passage of a law establishing a line of four horse
post coaches, for the transportation of the mail twice a week
from  Booneville, Missouri,  by  Georgetown,  Warsaw,  and
Bolivar, to Springfield, and from thence through Berry and
Newton counties, in said State, to Fayetteville and Little Bock,
in the State of Arkansas: referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.   Of William Y. Slack, Tho. R. Bryan,
and others, asking the passage of a law establishing a post road
la Missouri, from Carrollton, Carroll co. to Blufl Grove, in Davis
co. by the way of Le Barron and Chillicothe, in Lexington co:
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Of J. H. McBiUle,H. J. Durkee, and others,asking the establish-
ment of a post road from the mouth of the river Des Moines, in
Clark county, Missouri, by Sheiby ville, in Shelby county, to
Paris, Monroe county, in said Sta'e: referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.    Of Alfred Deatherage,
John Jones, and others, asking the establishment of a post road
from Van B'iren, in Ripley county, Missouri, to Piney Post Of-
fice: referred to the Committee on the Post .Offi ej and Post
Roads.   Of Amos Burdyne, of St. Charles county, Missouri,
arraying that relief may be granted him, in reference to a tract
of land settled by him, all of which is set forth insaid petition:
referred to the Committee on Private Land Claims.   Of F.
Church, and others, of Clark county, Missouri, praying the
passage of a law granting them special rights of pre-emption
to certain lands therein described: referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.   Also of papers of William Warden, of Mis-
souri, praying the passage of a law by Congress, refunding to
him the sum of «706, of which sum he alleges to have been
robbedjby the Sac and Fox Indians, in tbe yeartlSI4,and to make
him compensation for other property taken from him at the
same time by tbe said Indians: referred to the Commute of
Claims.)
[Mr. Leonard presented the petition of John Jordon, an inva-
lid soldier of the late war, praying to be inscribed on the pen-
sion roll. Of citizens of the counties of Steuben and Chemung,
in the State of New Vork, for the establishment of a mail route
from the village of Corning, in Steuben, to the village of Fair-
port, in Chemung. Of Asa H. Truman and sixty eight others,
Maoist the admission of any new átate into the Union, whose
Constitution tolerates slavery. Also, a memorial of one hun-
dred and ninety-eight citizens of the county of Tioga, in the
said State, for the release of Wm. Lyon Mackenzie.]
Mr. PETRIKIN asked the House to excuse him from serving
on the Joint Committee in relation to the contract with Clark
and Force, for the publication of the Documentary History of
the United States. His first reason for wishing to be excused was,
that his duties on other committees would not allow him to give
that attention to the subject which it merited; and the second
was, that he had some personal feeling on the subject, which
should not be brought to bear.    Mr. P. was accordingly ex-
J^~           CONVENTION WITO MEXICO.
^ On motion of Mr. CUSHING, (the rules having been sus-
pended for tbe purpose,) the House resolved itself into Com-
, mitts* of the Whole on the state of the Union, [Mr. J. Garland
In tbe chair.] on the bill heretofore reported from the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, entitled "A bill to carry into effect a
convention between the United States and the Mexican Re-
public."
The bill having been read-
Mr. CUSHING said he would not detain the House further
than to say a few words in explanation of the reasons why, un-
der the direction of the Committee ou Foreign Affairs, he had
called tip this bill for action.
It was known that much time had elarsed in obtaining a treaty
with Mexico for the liquidation of the claims of our citizens. A
treaty had at length been concluded upon just and equitable
terms. One of the provisions of it was that the joint commis-
sion to be appointed under it should be appointed and should
actually assemble at Washington within three months after the
exchange of the ratification of the treaty. That exchange took
place on the 7th of April, and, therefore, the commissioners,
under the treaty, must be appointed and must actually assemble
here within three months of that time. Otherwise, the treaty
would be at an end, and, of course, the relations between the
United States and Mexic i would again be thrown out to sea. It
was important, therefoie, that the bill should-be speedily passed,
in order that the President might make the appointments, and
that the commission should assemble.
There was also another reason. The treaty provided that the
two Government should address a joint note to the King of Prus-
sia, inviting him to act as arbiter under the treaty, and, if he
declined to act, that the Queen of Great Britain or the King of
the Netherlands should be invited to act in that capacity. He
was authorized to state that the King of Prussia had consented to
act as arbiter, and therefore that difficulty was removed. He had
abo received inforrralion from Mexico, through a private
source, that the two commissioners on the part of that Repub-
lic had been appointed—Mr. Posada and Mr. Castillo—gentle-
men of distinction in that conntry, who might be expected spee-
dily; and it might lead to much inconvenience if the commis-
sioners on oar part were not appointed. Therefore, without
(dine into the details of the bill, unless some objection was made
to h. ne would submit it without further comment to the decision
of the committee.
Mr. I  WILLIAMS suggested that the salary of $3,500 pro-
vided by this bill for each of the commissioners w as greater than
It ought to be.
Mr. CUSHING entered into some explanations as to the ar-
duous and peculiar character of the duties imposed upon the
commissioners, dec.; and said that, under all circumstances, the
Committee of Ways and Means had come to the decision that
the salary of $3,500 was appropriate. The com missioners ap.
pointed under various other treaties had received salaries of
either «3,000 or «3,600; but he was not aware that the amount
in any case had been less than «3,000.
Mr. BICE GARLAND inquired of Mr. Cubbing what might
fee the probable amount of claims upon the Mexican Goyern-
saent, as some of his constituents had a good deal of interest in
them. Be wished also to know what was te be the probable
value of the Mexican Treasury notes provided for in the 9th sec-
ffeH.  |f to ;m4«wtoo£iaieoondjaonpf ihe Mexican Treasury,
and the rate at which their stocks, bonds, &c. were sold, they
were not at a very high rate; and he wished to know whether
there were any provisions entered into by which the Treasury
notes to be issued by that Government were to be of any more
value than their other stocks and securites, or whether the
claimants were to he put off with these notes at the same rate of
value as the bonds, &c. bore, namely, a reduction of about 30
per cent.
Mr. CUSHING was not able to state the specific aggregate
amount of the claims by citizens of the United States, be-
cause many of the amounts were unliquidated. But he re-
ferred Mr. G. to a document which would exhibit an enu-
meration of the various claims, with a calculation as to the
amount, &c.
As to the other point—the value of the Mexican Treasury
notes—Mr. C. said he knew that Mexican bonds and other
credits were at a great depreciation. The reason of that was
to be found not alone in the exhausted state of the Mexican
Treasury, but in the fact that there was no fixed means or pro
vision for the payment of these bonds; they depended on the
solvency and general good faith of the Mexican Republic. And
if this treaty were silent en that point, he should esteem it of
much less value than he did now.
Mr. C. then explained that there was a provision in the treaty
which, to a certain degree, avoided that difficulty, by making
these Treasury notes directly chargeable upon a given source
of revenue, (to wit, the duties not only on imports but exports,)
so as to leave a fair and reasonable prospect in relation to
them.
On motion of Mr. C. there being no further proposition to
amend, the committee then rose, and the bill was reported to the
House.
The question being on concurring with the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, in the amendment reducing
the salary of the com missioners from $3,500 to 93,000,
Mr. HUBBARD demanded the yeas and nays on that ques-
tion; which were refused.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved the previous question; which was
seconded, aad the main question ordered.
The amendment of the committee was then concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed for a third reading;
and having been engrossed, was read a third time, and passed,
as follows:
"A BILL to carry into effect a convention between the United
States and the Mexican Republic.
"Be it enacted by tht Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress as-
sembled, That the President of the United States, by and with
the ad vice and consent of the Senate, shall appoint two com-
missioners, who, together with two commissioners to be ap-
pointed by the President of the MoxUan Republic, shall form a
board, whose duty it shall be to receive and examine all claims
which are provided for by the convention between the United
States and the Mexican Republic, concluded at Washington on
the eleventh day of April, one thousand eight hundred and
thirty-nine, and which may be presented to said commissioners
under the same, and to decide thei eon according to the provi-
sions of said convention, and the principles of justice, equity,
and the law of nations.
"Sec. 2, And be it further enacted, That the President of
the United States, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall appoint a secretary to said commissioners, in be-
half of the United States, versed in the English and Spanish
languages.
"Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That said commissioners
on the part of the United States, in conjunction with the com-
missioners on the part of the Mexican Republic, shall be, and
■ they are hereby, authorized to make all needful rules and regu-
lations for conducting the business of their said commissions,
such rules and regulations not contravening the Constitution of
the United States, the provisions of this act, or the provisions of
said convention.
"Seo. 4. And be it further enacted, That the compensation
of the respective officers, for whose appointment provision is
made by this act, shall not exceed the following sums, namely:
To said commissioners, at the rate of three thousand dollars per
annum for each; to the secretary, at the rate of two thousand
perannum. And the President of the United States shall be,
and he is hereby, authorized to make such provision for the
contingent expenses of the said commission on the part of the
United States as shall to him appear to be reasonable and pro-
per; and the said salaries and expenses, and likewise all that
part of the salary and expenses of the arbiter under said con-
vention which is required thereby to be defrayed by the United
States, shall be paid out of any money in the Trea.ury not
otherwise appropriated.
"Sac. 5. And be it further enacted, That all communica-
tions to and from the secretary of said commissioners appointed
under this act, on the business of the commission, shall pass by
the mail free of postage.
"Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted. That so soon as said com-
mission shall be executed andeompleted according to the pro-
visions of said convention, the commissioners aforesaid shall
report to the Secretary of State a list of alt the several awards
made by them; and the records, documents, and all other pa-
pers in the possession of the commission or its officers, or certi-
fied copies or duplicates thereof, shall be deposited in the of-
fice of tho Secretary of Suite.
"Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
State shall transmit to the Secteiai-y of the Treasury a certified
copy ofthe report of said commissioners, or of the award of the
arbiter or umpire, as provided by said convention to be made
incaseofthedisagreementofsaidcommissioners; and the Se-
cretary of the Treasury shall cause certificates to be issued, in
such form as he may prescribe, showing the amount or pro-
portion of compensation to which each person, in whose favor
award shall have been made by said commissioners or umpire,
may be entitled as against the Mexican Government on account
ofthe claims provided for by said convention.
"Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful
for the Secretary of the Treasury, and he is hereby autho-
rized and required, to cause any moneys which may he paid by
the Mexican Government in satisfaction of said awards, to be
remitted on the most advantageous terms to the United States;
and all moneys received under said convention, or by virtue of
this act, shall be deposited in the Treasury ofthe United States.
and the same are hereby appropriated, to be distributed and
paid to those entitled thereto according to the provisions of this
act; an i the Secretary of the Treasury shall distribute the
same, i nratable proportions, among the persons aforesaid, ac-
cording to the proportions which their respective awards shall
bear to the whole amount received, and at such time or times
as the same shall be received into the Treasury.
" Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That if the Mexican
Government, in place of at once paying the amount of said
awards, shall see   fit  to  issue  Treasury notes  therefor  as
provided by said convention, then it shall be lawful for the
Secretary of the Treasury, and he is hereby authorized and
required to receive the said Treasury notes, and to deliver the
same to the persons who shall be respectively entitled thereto, in
virtue ofthe awards made under said convention, and ofthe
certificates issued as hereinbefore provided.
1      "Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That, in the payment
i   of money or the i?sue of certificates in virtue of this act, the
!   Secretary of the Treasury shall first deductand retain, or make
|   reservation of, such sums of money, if any, as may be due the
United States from persons in whose favor awards shall have
been made undei said convention."
Mr. TILLING HAST asked the general consent of the House
to offer a resolution, which was sent to the chair, and read for
the information ofthe House as follows:
Whereas it is desuable to bring the present session to ail
early termination, and with that view to provide for the speedy
and orderly disposal of all such business as is indispensable or
most urgently necesfary:
Resolced, That on to-morrow, at 12 o'clock, this House will
go into Committee of the Whoie House on the state of the Unión,
for the purpose of considering ihe following bills in the follow-
ing order, viz: Bill No. 6, making appropriations for the naval
service; No. 5, making appropriations (or the sunpoitof the
army; No. 4, makini  appropriations for the Indian Depoitment;
and the other appropriation bills and joint resolutions making
appropriations, that have been and may be referred to said
Committee of the Wnole House on the state of the Union, in
the order in which they were or may referred; and will, on each
day thereafter, excepting the days set apart by the rules for prí-
vale business and petitions, go into such Committee of the
Whole at the same hour, and for the same purpose, until said
bills and joint resolutions are disposed of; and that, until dis-
posed of, they have precedence, in the order aforesaid, over all
other business at and from said hour on each day, except the
days hereinbefore excepted.
Mr. DROMGOOLE objected.
Mr. TILLINGHAST moved to suspend the rules; and on that
motion,
Mr. CONNOR demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland moved to lay the motion to sus-
pend the rules on the table.
Mr. TURNEY inquired ofthe Chair whether it wouldbe in
ordeno amend the resolution if the rules were suspended, so as
to substitute the Sub-Treasury bill for either ofthe bills included
in the resolution.
The CHAIR replied that it would be in order so to do; but
that it would require a vote of two-thuds to adopt the resolu-
tion, inasmuch as it changed the order of business on the ca-
lendar.
Mr. TILLINGHAST, after some consultation, withdrew his
resolution.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the following commu-
nication from the President ofthe United States:
To the House of Representatives:
1 transmit the report of the secretary of War, furnishing a
statement of the amounts paid to persons concerned in nego-
tiating Indian treaties prior to 1829, etc. which completes the
information called for by the resolution ofthe House of Repre-
sentatives, dated the 28th January, 1839, upon that subject, and
the disbursing officers in the War Department.
On motion of Mr. L. WILLIAMS, it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered tobe printed.
On motion of Mr MONTGOMERY,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of granting a
pension to Mary Rand, ef Wake county, North Carolina, for
the services of her husband, Walter Hand, in the Revolutionary
war; also, that the papers, now in the Pension office, be refer-
red to said commitiee.
On motion of Mr. JAMES,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
inquire into the expediency of passings law for the payment
of the pension due to Jacob Wisner, from the time his name
was suspended or stricken from the pension roll, by the Com-
missioner ol Pensions, until it was restored again to said roll.
On motion by Mr. MONROE,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of having constructed a
steam vessel, under the direction ofthe Secretary of War, not
tocost more than $30000, upon the principle of the horizontal
wheel. suggested by Lieut. Wm. W. Hunter.
Mr. SEUGEaNT, from the Committee on the Judiciary, by
universal consent, reported back to the Hou=e, with amend-
ments, Senate bill entitled an act to extend, for a longer time,
the several acts nowin force for the relief of the insolvent debt-
ors of Ihe United States.
Mr. S. said the bill contained no appropriation, and it was
not, therefore, necessary to commit it; he hoped that it would
be acted on immediately.
The House agreed to consider the bill at that time; and the
amendments of the committee having been concurred in, and
the bill having been ordered to be engiossed for a third reading,
it was read the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the morning hour having
expired, the House passed to the orders ofthe day.
Mr. ATHERTON moved to postpone all preceding orders so
as io go into Committee of the Whole on the State of the Union
until the first bill taken up by the Committee ofthe Whole on
the state of the Union shall be finally disposed of.
The SPEAKER, in answer to an inquiry from Mr. Wise, said
a vote of two-thirds would be requisite to accomplish the ob-
ject of ihe motion.
Mr. WELLER demanded the yeas and nays on the proposi-
tion; which were ordered, and were—yeas 116, nays &>.
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Blackwell. A. V. Brown, A. G. Brown,
Burke, Sampson H. Butler, Bynum, Carr, Carroll, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Connor, Mark A. Cooper,
William R. Cooper, Ciaig, Crary, Cross, Dana, Davee, John
Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Dun-
can, Earl, Eastman, Ely.Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornancc,
Galbraith, James Garland, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond, Hand,
Jno. Hastings. Hawkins, Hill of N. Carolina, Hillen, Holleman,
Holmes, Hook, Hopkins. Howard, Hubbard, Jackson. Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Kelm, Semble, Kill*, Leet,
