CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
406
Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McCIellan, McCulIoch, Mc-
Kay, Mallory, Marchand, Medill, Miller, MontaDya, Montgome-
ry, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parish, Parmenter, Pams,
Paynter, Petrikin, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rives, Robin-
son, Edward Rogers, Ryail, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Albert
Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkwea her, Steenrod,
Strong, Sumpter, Swearmgen, Sweney, Taylor, Turney,
Vroom, Watt rson, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry
Williams, Joseph L Williams, and Worthmglon—116.
NAYS—Mess's. Adams, Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews,
Barnard, Bell, Biddie, B uts, Bnggs, Brockway, Anson Brown,
Calhoun, W. B. Camp el', Carter, Cbinn, J. Cooper, Crabb,
Cranston, Cuma, Cushing, Edward Davies, Garret Davis, De-
berry, Dennis, Dellet, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Rice Garland,
Qiddines, tioggio, Goode, Graves, Green, Grinnell, Habersham,
Hall, W. 3. Hasi ings, Hawes, Henry, Hunt, James, C Johnston,
William Cost Johnston, Lincoln, McCarty, Marvin, Mason,
Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Calvary Morns, Naylor, Nisbet,
Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Pope, Promt, Randall, Randolph, Rari-
den, Reed, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simonton,
Blade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Siorn, Stuart. Talialems Til-
liaghast, Toland, Trumbuil, Underwood, Warner, Warren,
Edward D. Wtiue, John White, Thns W. Williams, Lewis
Williams, Christopher H Williams, and Wise—S5.
So the rules were not susp^^ed.
Various Senate bills on the Speaker's table were taken up,
lead twice, and appropriately referred.
Tm SPEAKER announced that the first business in order on
the calendar was the bill introduced by the gentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Bell] to "secure the freedom of elections."
Mr GENTRY who was entitled to the floor on the above
bill, without discussing the principles involved in it, replied
with much pungency to the remarks of his colleague [Mr.
Wattbrson] when the bill was last up. He t barged his col-
league with being a new convert to Democracy, and that he
had supported Judge White as an Opposition candidate. In
the course of his remarks he was twice called to order by the
Skakbr, for irrelevancy of debate; when
Mr. PETRIKIN objected to his proceeding.
Mr. WATTER.SON hoped that his colleague would be per-
mitted to ptoceed in his own way.
Mr. GENTRY said it was not his wish to violate any rule of
the House; but it was impossible to reply to the remarks of
his colleague in ordec
The question was then taken whether Mr. G should proceed
in bis remarks, and it was determed in the affirmative—there
heingonly three opposed to his proceeding.
Mr. G then finished his remarks in reply to his colleague
[Mr. Wattsrson] and in an examination of bis political
course, to prove his inconsistency. After which he went into
a defence of General Harrison from the charges against him,
particularly with reference tothe identity of his principles with
those of the Abolitionists.
He repelled the idea that he was an Abolitionist; and said he
did not believe that there was a gentleman in the House who
believed that General Harrison was an Abolitionist, notwith-
standing some had garbled his speeches to make it appear that
he was one.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia interrupted Mr. G. and was under-
stood to say, in substance, that whether the charge «gainst Gen.
Harrison that he was an Abolitionist were well founded oi not,
was perfectly immaterial. It was a well known fact that he was
supported by the Aooliuomsts; and if he came into power by
the support of that party, he would be influenced by that party
to a greater or less decree, and would be compelled to yield the
policy of hisadmimstradon to the wishes of that party.
Mr. GENTRY was proceeding to deny the position assumed
by the gentleman fiom Georgia, [Mr. Cooper;] but before he
had finished, the hour arrived for the House to take a re-
cess.
EVENING SE3SION.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked for a count of the House; which was
had, and it appeared that there were but thirty-three members
in their seats.
Mr. GENTRY resumed hi? remarks. He contended that the
Abolitionists did not belong exclusively to either party; but
that they hod affected a separate orgamzition. Mr. G justi-
fied the rallying ciy of "log cabins" and "hard cider," now
used by the VVhg party, on the ground that it deprived the
Administration of one «fits most successful means of influence
by which they appealed to the prej udices of the people, and
ii.etit on its own mode of warfaie. He agreed with his col-
league [Mr. Bbll] that the evils which this bill was intended
to remedy were of great magnitude; but he did not believe,
though the bill was one of great magnitude, that it would be
fully efficacious—that it would accomplish the end desired.
The only effectual remedy for the evil would be found in an
f nhghtened public sentiment, or through the ballot box, or by
altering the Constitution, so as to have but one Presidential
term; or by making some statutory provision limiting the ap-
pointing power; or by restricting the power of removal from
office by the Executive, without hisgiving sufficient reasons for
such removals. He doubted the efficacy of the bill very much;
and thought the Federal patronage ought to be diminished.
Mr. BKOWN of Tennessee obtained the floor, but yielded it
to hu colleague [Mr. Wattehsonj forerp'anation.
Mr. WATTERSON spoke for some time in reply to that por-
tion of Mr. Gentry's re-narks whieh attacked his (Mr. W's)
political career. By a reference to documents and newspapers,
he triumphantly repelled those charges, and showed that the
crime of political inconsistency was more applicable to certain
other gentlemen, who wereso famous for attributing it to their
colleagues.
One charge against him was, that he had formerly supported
Judge White as an Opposition candidate, whereas he was now
in the Van Buren ranks. In relation to that, Mr. W. showed
that when, with others in the Legislature of hu State, he voted
for the resolutions nominating Judge White, he diditon the
ground that the Judge was considered as the ablest candidate to
carry out the great principies 01 Jackson's administration. He
also referred to the speeches of Mr. Bell and of Mr. Peyton,
■bowing that in 1835 they took the same ground, and repudiated
the idea that Judge White belonged to the Opposition. He
most ably vindicated himself from thecharges of his colleague,
and snowed conclusively that he was now maintaining the great
principles of General Jackson's administration,   wh ch  Mr.
íl"\.wjlü brouiht toward to carry out. His remarks will be
published hereafter.
Mr. BANKS obtained the floor, but yielded it to Mr. Brown,
en the condition that he should speak to the present bill; as to
discussion of matters and things in general, he was getting very
tired of it.
Mr. BROWN promised; and then, after going at some length
into a reply to remarks made by Mr. Bell some time ago, on
the general grounds of the bill, ho proceeded to a regular
analysis of lis provisions, commencing with the title, and so
advancing in order. He had entered a short way into the sub-
ject, when he yielded the floor to
Mt. CHRISTOPHER II. WILLIAMS, who moved that the
House adjourn.
Mr. TAYLOR demanded the yeas aad nays; which were or-
dered, and were—yeas 84, nays 62.
The House, at 6J o'clock, adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, May 20,184a
Mr. TAPPAN, from the |oint Committee on the Library, le-
ported a joint íesulution for the distribution of the Digest of
Patents; which was read, and ordered to a second reading.
The report of the Committee on Claims, adverse to the claim
of William and James Crook, was taken up for consideration:
[The history of the case, as given in the le port of the com-
mittee, was briefly this: The claimants were owneis of a ves-
sel on Lake Ontario, which was seized by an officer of the
United States for a supposed violation of the embargo laws.
The vessel was sold, ana the proceeds deposited with Theron
Rudd, the clerk of the dietiict court. A decree of restitution
was afterwards obtained, and the proceeds were directed to be
paid over to the owners of the vessel; but the clerk, in the
meantime, had absconded with the funds. The claim was then
made thesubject of negotiation between our Government and
thit 01 Great Brnain. It was met by the American Minister
with the claim of the owners of the American ship Lydia,
which was governed by the same principles, which iheButish
Government having refused to adjust, the matter rested until
li34, when the British owners presented their claim to Con-
gress. The committee reported adversely, on the ground that
the question remains as an unadjusted subject of negotiation
between the two Governments, and would give an undue ad-
vantage to the citizens of a foreign Government over those of
our ownj
Mr. HUBBARD explained and advocated the adoption of the
report, and Messrs. CLAY of Kentucky, DAVIS, and KNIGHT
opposed it: after some remarks by Mr. WRIGHT, the question
was informally passed over.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The bill to establish a umlorm system of bankruptcy being
taken up:
Mr. DIXON spoke at some length in favor of the original bill,
and in opposition to the substitute proposed by Mr. Wall, and
was followed by
Mr. NORVELL, who, in the cource of his remarks, expressed
his intention of voting in favor of including corporations within
the provisions of the bill; but if this could not be carried, he
would vote for the best bill that could be obtained, believing
the passage of some m asure of the kind imperatively called
for.
On motion by Mr. ALLEN, the further consideration of the
bill was postponed until to-morrow.
The Senate then went into the consideration of Executive
business,
And then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. •
Wednesday, May 20,1810.
As soon as the journal had been read,
Mr. PETRIKIN moved to amend the same by inserting in
detail, the points of order raised on yesterday when Mr. Gan-
try was addressing the House on the oil! for securing the free-
dom of elections. Mr. P. thought such things ought to be made
a matter of record, it could not be denied that of late the pro-
ceedings of the House had been such, as not only to degrade it
as a body, but also to degrade the country.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman from Pennsylvania was
not in order in saying any thing disrespectful to the House of
Representan ves.
Mr WADDY THOMPSON called the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to order, and hoped he would not be permitted to
proceed wuhout making an apology for the disrespectful and
insulting language lie had used in relation to the House.
The SPEAKER taid the gentleman from Pennsylvania had
risen on a motion to amend the j jurnal, which motion was in
order.
Mr. THOMPSON said he had been under a misapprehen-
sion.
Mr PETRIKIN Yes I am in order; I am always in order.
He wished it to be distinctly understood, that he merely wished
a correct statement of ihe facts as they occurred inserted on
the journal. He wished nothing putthere but what the officers
of the House thought right. He thought all such proceedings
of the House ought to be recorded, so that in case any member
should beslandeied or misrepresented to his constituents, there
would be some record to refer to, by which the falsehood could
be contradicted. He appealed to the House, if in relation to the
transactions ol yesterday, he had been fairly represented. No,
he had not, and he wished to have the proceedings officially re-
cordedlo thathe might be able to vindicate himself from such
misrepresentations.
After some desultory debate between Messrs. CUSHING,
BRIGGS, GENTRY, and others,
The quesi ion on the motion t j amend was taken, when it ap-
peared there was no quorum.
Mr. McKAY moved a call of the House, and on that motion
demanded the yeas and nays; which being ordered,
Mr. McKAY, at the suggestion of several members, withdrew
his motion for the call, and demanded the yeas and nays on the
motion to amend.
Mr. MONROE moved to lay the motion to amend on the
table.
On this motion, Mr DUNCAN demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and resulted as follows: yeas 68, nays 83.
So the motion to lay on the table was rejected.
And the question then recurring on the motion to amend,
The proposinon to amend, was then read as follows, viz:
"The SPEAKER calls Mr. Gentry to order for irrelevancy
in debate.
"Mr. rETRIKIN objected to Mr. Gentry's proceeding out of
order.
"Leave, by unanimous consent, was then given to Mr. ¡Gen-
try to proceed.
"Mr. PETRIKIN called Mr. Gentry to order, and sent his
objections, in writing, to the Speaker's table, as follows:
"The gentleman is not in order; what he it now stating, not
being relevant 10 the bill under discussion. The opinions) 0/
membeis of this House, delivered in other places, not being au-
thority here, nor the campaign previous to the election of Mr.
Van Buren in 1836, has no bearing on the present subject now
before the House.
"The SPEAKER did not entertain the point of order, as k
did not state the nature of Mr. Gentry's remarks objected to
by Mr. Petrikin.
"Mr. GENTRY, by common consent, proceeded again.
"The SPEAKER called Mr. Gentry to order.
"Mr. PETRIKIN objected to Mr. Gentry's proeeedtof.
"Mr. WISE moved that Mr. Gentry have leave to proceed,
which was agreed to by the House."
Mr. SMITH of Indiana moved the previous question on th«
motion to amend; which having been seconded, and the main
question ordered, which was, " Shall the amendment be adopt-
ed?'' it was was agreed to—yeas 80, nays 67.
The House resumed the consideration of the question pending
on the 16th instant, when the hour for the reception of reports
expired, that the bill from the Senate, entitled "An act (or the
discontinuance of the office of surveyor general in the several
districts, so soon as the surveys therein can be completed: for
abolishing land offices under certain circumstances, and for
other purposes."
The immediate question pending when the subject was last
up, was the motion of Mr. Taylor to commit the bill to the Co*-
mtttee of the Whole of the state of the Union.
Mr. Taylor withdrew that motion, and moved that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Public Lands, with instruc-
tions to strike out the amendment reported by that rnmmltttt
on Saturday last, and agreed to by the House.
Mr. T. made some remarks in favor of the motion; whsn
Mr. Hdbbard maintained that it was unnecessary to recom-
mit the bill.
Mr. Taylor said the House had agreed to the amendment 
without proper consideratioa. The amendments took from the
Secretary all discretion as to the propriety and inexpediency of
consolidating the offices; and the effect would be to throw an
additioi al expense on those who wished to purchase land* in
the districts to which the law was intended to apply. The
House having agreed to the amendments, no other alternative
was left to havethe error corrected, which it bad fallen into by
adopting the amendment, than by recommitting the bill to the
committee indicated.
The queston was taken on motion to commit, and 1
\ to by ayes 40, noes 92.
The question then recurring on ordering the bill to bo en-
grossed far a third reading, it was earned in the aSrmatrve:
and the bill having been engrossed, was read the third time and
passed.
Mr. CRARY, from the Committee on the Public Lands, re-
ported back to the House Senate bill entitled "An act supple-
mental to the act entitled an act granting pre-emption rights to
settlers on the public lands," approved June 22,1838, with a
recommendation of the committee that it do not pass.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Mississippi, rose to explain how it was,
that the committee reported this bill, with the recommendation
that it do not pass. For all practical purposes, this commhtss
virtually numbers but eight members; other, and perhaps more
important duties, always preventing the attendance of one of
rs members from its meetings. A deep interest was felt in
this bill by the whole committee; and on every question effect-
ing the principle, we stood four for, and four against it Thus
it was on a motion to report this bill without this recommen-
dation, the vote stood, ayes 4, noes 4; and, the committee being
equally divided, the motion was lost. A disposition was
evinced by those opposed to the bill, to bury it in the commit-
tee, and to refuse this House an opportunity of expressing
their views on this subject, and thus to withhold from a large
class of worthy citizens, what justice and good policy impe-
riously demanded. In this condition of thugs, the friends of
the bill were constrained, in order to get the bill ont of the
committee, and thus afford the House an opportunity to acton
this subject, to agree to report the bill with the recommenda-
tion that it do not pass. He hoped the House would reject the
recommendation of the committee, and pass the bill.
Mr. WHITE of Kentucky moved to commit the bill tothe
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union; and
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved to commit it the Committee of
the Whole, and make it the order of the day for to-morrow
Mr. STEWART was in favor of immediate action on the bill,
and apposed to committing it to either the Committee of the
Whole, or the Committee on the state of the Union. The bill
did not contain an appropriation, and whatever might have been
the previous practice of the House, there was nothing found in
the rules of the House which require the bill to be committed.
He hoped it would not be committed. If it was, it would be
tantamount to its rejection, because it would never be
reached.
Mr. LINCOLN contended that the bill ought to be referred
to a Committee of the Whole. He directed the attention of the
gentleman from Alabama to the journal of the House, where it
would appear that asimilar bill had, by a majority, been refer-
red to a Committee of the Whole, and debated therein day after
day. The rule of the House required that every bill involving
an appropriation, should be considered in Committee ef the
Whole, and he would submit to gentlemen whether this, bill
was not one of that character. Did it not appropriate to the
pre emotion settlers the whole difference between the amount
of one dollar and a quarter per acie and the prices such lands
would fetch in the market? Was not this appropriation of the
public lands to pre-emption settlers a means of diminishing the
revenue? Certainly it was; as, if the same lands were sold in the
market, they would fetch ten times the price, and the Treasury
would be benefited by the amount.                                    ^^
The very object of the bill was to grant lands to these settlers
at a minor price to that for which they were sold to othevs.
This was so plain that it scarcely needed «lustration, ««sup-
pose, for instance, a man had made a settlement in «"•**•£
and the spot he had chosen should in a few ™<*'ta.a¿¡?wáSr
be selected as the foundation oía future ciV- waOTyears,
and perhaps in a few months, the land for iwh'«f,h™eBU*2L"
was charged but a dollar and a quarter •« ^f^*" "U_^
w! tess A5SSFS2
