CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE 
m
the bill, when the gentleman from Massachusetts h d moved
to strike out the enacting clause, to defeat it, without giving any
opportunity to debaiethe sections in detail as they came up.
Tmtt being the case, he could only say that it was the duly
of the gentleman to give to the House and to the country his
reason why he had made the motion. /
Mr. CUSHING was about to resume his remarks against the
bill; when                                                .        ...
Mr. BRIGGS moved that the committee rise; which motion
was agreed to.
The committee then rose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, May 21, 1840.
Mr. STURGEON presented two memorials
from citizens of Philadelphia, praying the remodi-
ñcation of the tariff on the basis of that of 1824;
which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. WRIGHT presented ths petition of Alley,
Staunton, and Co. merchants of New York, pray-
ing a remission of the duties upon certain goods
destroyed by fire while in the custody of the collec-
tor of that port; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred
The petition of William Ferguson;
The petition of Elizabeth GarrabrantF;
The petition of the widow of Samuel Walker,
The petition of Jacob Hall;
made adverse reports thereon; which were ordered
to be printed.
Mr. P. also asked that the Committee on Pen-
sions be discharged from the further consideration
of the claim of E. Shaler, and the memorial of
Conrad Walts; which was agreed to.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, asked to be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Thomas Farrar; which
was agreed to.
Mr. LINN, in pursuance of notice, asked and
obtained leave to introduce a bill for ihe relief of
Edwatd Criddle; which was read twice, and re-
feired to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS, in purMiance of notice,
asked aud obtained leave to introduce a bill to re-
gulate enlistments into the army and navy; which
was read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
Mi. WILLIAMS submitted the following re-
solution for consideration:
Raolvtd, That the Secretary of the Navy be di-
rected to appoint a board consisting of navy and
marine officers, to witness an exhibition of Nig-
hill Nutting's patent cylinder fire arms, and report
the results in detail for the information of Congress,
together with their opinion of the advantages to
be derived from the adoption of the same into the
naval service.
Mr. STRANGE gave notice that tomorrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill making certain
appropriations for the Patent Office.
Mr. WILLIAMS gave noiice that he would ask
leave to introduce a bill in addition to an act regu-
lating the pay of the navy.
The bill for the relief of Avery, Saltmar>h, and
Company, wis taken up on its ihird reading, and
its passage was advocated by Messrs. ROBINSON,
LUMPKIN, and PRENTISS, and opposed by
Messrs. WHITE, HUBBARD, CALHOUN, and
DAVIS, and was then laid on the table for the
present.
The report of the Committee on Claims adverse
to the petition of Will/am and James Crook, was
then taken up, and was discussed at much length—
Messrs. WRIGHT, HUBBARD, WALKER,
and CALHOUN sustaining the report of the com-
mittee, and Messrs. CLA.Y of Ky. KNIGHT,
HENDERSON, and WEBSTER, advocating the
claim of the petitioners; when,
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the further con-
sideration of the whole subject was indefinitely
postponed—ayes 25, noes 14, as follows:
"YE &S— Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Calhoun, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy, Hen-
derson, H'.bbard, King, Lumpkin, Nicholas, Nor-
vell, Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Sevief, Strange,
Sturgeon, Tappan,Walker,Williaras, Wright, and
Young-25.                                        -
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Dúon, Knight, Porter, Prentiss,
Preston, Smith of Indiana, Spence, Tallmadge,
Webster, and White—14.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The bi'l to establish a uniform system of bank-
ruptcy being taken up, after some remarks by
Messrs. HUBBARD, CLAYTON, LUMPKIN,
CLAY of Kentucky, WALKER, WEBSTER,
and TALLMADGE,
On motion by Mr. TALLMADGE, the further
consideraron of the bill was postponed until to-
morrow.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, May 21, 1840.
The SPEAKER announced that the first business in order
was the Senate bill reported back from the Committee on the
Public Lands, entitled "An act supplemental to an act entitled
'an act granting pre-emption rights to the settlers on the public
lands,' " approved June 22, 1838. The motions pending on
said billwero thoseofMr. White of Kentucky, to commit the
bill to the Committee of the Whole on. the «late of the Unisn,
and the motion of Mr. I.. Williams to commit it to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, and make it the order for tomorrow.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland moved a call of the House;
which was ordered, and was proceeded in until 136 members
had answered to their names. The list of absentees Were called
over, when the following gentlemen were excused by the
House on account of absence from the city, and indisposition,
viz. Messrs. Adams, Anderson of Kentucky, Boors, Boyd,
Bsbwstbh, McC arty, Fillmore, Grangbh, Jones of Virginia,
Lawrence, Medill, Taylor, Peck, Pickbns, Rodqers,
Williams of Kentucky.
Mr. SMITH of Maine moved that the following gentlemen,
acting on the Committee on the Militia, now in session, be
excused, viz. Messrs. Keim, Goods, Rodgers of New York,
Ridoeway, Griffin, Wagoner; which motion was disa-
greed to.
The call of the list of absentees having been completed, and
163 members having answered to their names,
On motion of Mr. "WELLER, all further proceeding In the
call was dispensed with—ayes 92, noes 40.
The question immediately pending when the bill was up on
yesterday, was the motion of Mr. Hopkins to lay the bill on
the table.
The yeas and nays having been ordered on said motion, were
taken, and were—yeas 53, nays 122, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, J. W. Allen, Banks, Bond, Briggs,
Sampson II. Butler, Calhoun, Csnnor, James Cooper, Cranston,
Edward Davies, Dawson, Deberry, Evans, Everett, James Gar-
land, Goggin, Griffin, Grinnel', Habersham, Wm. S. Hastings,
Hawkins, Hill of Virginia, Hill of North Carotina, Hopkins,
Hunt, James, Jenifer, Kempshall, Lincoln, McCarty, Mitchell,
Monroe, Montgomery, Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne, Randolph, Ray-
ner, Russell, Samuels, Shepard, Slade, Stanly, Storrs, Talia-
ferro, Waddy Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Trumbull,-
Warren, John White, and Lewis Williams—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, Hugh J. Anderson, Andrews, Ather-
ton, Beatty, Beirne, Bell, Black, Btackwell, Burke, William
O. Butler, William B. Campbell, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chap-
man, Chinn, Clifford, Colquitt, Mark A. Cooper, William R.
Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Crockett. Cross, Cushing, Dana,
Davee, John Davis, J. W. Davis, G. Davis. Dickerson, Dellet,
Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Edwards. -
Fine, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, Gentry, Gerry, Gootle,
GWen, Hall, Hammond, Hand, J. Hasting , Henry, Holmes,
Hook, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Chas. Johnston,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keim, Kille, Leadbotter,
I.eet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McGulloh,
McKay, Mallory, Marcnand, Marvin, Miller, Montanya, Mor-
gan, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parrish, Parmenter, Payn-
ter, Petrikin, Prentiss, Promt, Ramsey, Rariden, Reynolds,
Kidgway, Edward Rogers,. Ryall, Seigeant. Shaw, Sjmonton,
Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Steenrod; Strong, ^Stuart, Sumter, Swearingen, Sweney, Tay,
lor, Francis Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Triplett, Tumey-
Underwood, Vroom, David D. Wagenen Peter J. Wagner,
Weller, Edward D. White, Wick, .Tared W. Williams, Henry
Williams, and Joseph L. Williams—122.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
The question then recurring on the appeal taken by Mr. Ca-
sey on yesterday from the decision of the Chair, that the bill
required commitment,
The SPEAKER said the question was on the appeal from
his decision on yesterday, that the bill ought to go toa Com-
mittee of the Whole. On yesterday he had made that decision
according to his own construction of the rule, as he believed it
was in accordance with the previous practice of the House.
But since then he had discovered that in 1831, a pre-emption bill
hud passed through the House wiihout being committed to a
Committee of the Whole. That being the case, he would re-
verse his decision of yesterday, so that the previous question
instead of being on the commitment, would be on ordering Hie
engrossment ol the bill for a third reading.
Mr. LINCOLN understood the Skaker to decide then, that
according to the former practice of the House, the previous
question would apply to the engrossment
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr. LINCOLN said ho considered it his duty to take an ap-
peal from that decision, and wished to say a few words in sup-
port thereof, but the previous question having been ordered,
the Chair informed him that no debate could be enter-
tained.
After a desu'tory conversation between Messrs. BRIGGS
LINCOLN, CASEY, DROMGOOLE, UNDERWOOD, and
others,
The question being on the appeal, the main question was
ordered to be put.
Mr. JAMESON asked for the yeas and nays, which were
ordeled.
And the main question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the ament of the House?" was decided as follows: yeas
100 navsdl.
YEAS—Messrs. Hugh 3. Anderson, Ather ton, Beatty, Black,
Blackwell, Aaron V. Brown, BurkerWilliam a Butler,.John
Campbell, Carr, Casey, Chapman, Chmn, Clifliwd, Mart A.
Cooper, William R. Cooper, Crabb, Cjrai*  Crary^ Crockett,
Cross, Cushing, Davee, Davies, John PavTsy John,\V. Davis,
Dickerson. Doan, Doig, Duncan, Ear!, Eastman, Ely. Fine,
Fletcher, Floyd,  Fornance,  James Garlaría;  Gejtrf,  ííiep ,
McCarty, McClellan, McCulloh, Mallory, Marctuw<£ Maulfl,
Miller, Montanya, Newhard, Parrish, Parmenter, Parris, Te-
trikin, Pope, Prentiss, Proffif, Rariden, Reynolds, Ridgway,
Edward Rogers, Ryall, Shaw, Sirfiontan, Albert Smith, John
Smith, Thomaa Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong,
Stuart, Swearingen, Sweeny, Taylor, Jacob . Thompson,
Turney, Vroom, David D. Wagener, Welle?, Vftkk, J.
W. Williams, Henry Williams, and Joseph L. WH-
liams—100.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Andrews, Banks, Baker-
Barnard, Beirne, Bell, Bond, Bolts, Briggs, BrockvrayvSainp,
son H. Butler, Calhoun, William B. Campbell, Carroll, Coles-
Connor, James Cooper, Cranston. Curtis, Garret Davis, Daw,
son, Deberry, Dennis, Dromgoole, Edwards, Evans,-Everett,
Rice Garland, Gentry, Giddings, Goggin, Grahanfc, Graves,
Green, Griffin, Grinnell, Hall, William S. Hastings,. Hawes,
Hawkins, Hill of Virginia, Hill of North CaroUna-Haitirian,
Hook, Hopkins, James, Charles Johnston, Wflnaitt" Cost
Johnson, Kempshall, Lincoln, McKay, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell,
Monroe, Montgomery, Morgan, Calvary Morris, Nisrjet, Ogle,
Osborne, Peck, Ramsey, Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Reed,
Rives, Russell, Samuels, Sergeant, Shepard, Slade, Truman
Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Taliaferro. Francis Thomas, Waddy
Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplet!, Trumbull, Peter J.
Wagener, Warren, Edward D. White, John White, and Lewis
Williams—91.
Mr. UNDERWOOD inquired of the Chair whether k would
be in order to move the recommitment of the bill.
The CHAIB replied that the previous question having been
ordered, it would hot.
Here the action on the bill was arrested, the morning hoar to
which it was confined having expired, and the House passed to
the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER laid befare the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in compliance with a re-
solution of theHouseof the 23ln Januury, 1>39, a supplemen-
tal report, showing the amount of compensation Which has
been received, whether by fees or otherwise, by the-diatact
clerks, attorneys, and marshals, during thé y ear J839.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR, ordered to lie On th¿ taWa, and
be printed.                                                                    ' 'T
Also a communication from the Secretary  f War, transmit-
ting a report from the Ordnance Department, setting forth the
causes which have prevented an answer to the resolution of
the Houseof Representatives, of 11th February* 1840, in rela-
tion to the prices at which muskets, rifles, and pialéis, night be
made, and delivered to the United stales, &c.
On motion of Mr. McKAY, ordered to lie on the table, and
beprinted.
Senate bill, entitled an act to extend for a longer period, the
several acts now in force for the relief of insolvent debtors of
the United States, having been returned from the Senate with
amendments,
Mr. SaRGEANT said the amendments were merely,correc-
tions of errors, and quite consistent with the anienam;ents of
the House to that bill, and therefore moved that the House con-
cur in said amendments; which was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. ATHERTON, the House then resolved it-
self into committee of the Whole, on the slate of the Union,
(Mr. Banks in the chair) and resumed the consideration of the
Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. CUSHING being entitled to the floor, resumed h  re-
marks from yesterday. After aíludlng.tó the importance of the
measure as emanating from the Executive, and its prevails re-
jection at former Congresses, he expressed bis disapprobation
at the course now pursued by the Administration in again urg
ingit. He intimated that, since its last rejection, the people
had been listening to the voice of the tempter, and were now
thought more favorable to its adoption. But he called upon the
people to arise in their might,and cast aside the snare, lest, when
it was teo late, they would find themsetveff-like another Samp-
son, bound hand and foot, and delivered over to the- Phttiatwes.
He complained that this great measure came, up without any
affirmative defence from the Administration. He said it ap-
peared that this' course of ptocreding was equivalent to saying
that the Executive found himselj strong enough to pas* it* add
therefore did not deem it proper to make any affirmative-de-
fence. He contended thai this was not an untried expeiiment.
The fact-wu the experimentIMd-Heap tried by the Executive,
and it had failed, ami the JlTus  was called -un<  to sanction
and make into a law that which had been, tried "and failed. He
contended that this was but a sequel to* the great State bank ex-
periment of General Jackson, which had failed,and had-'in-
volvedthe country in disgrace and ruin. That great-failure
had taken place when the present "Executive carne íoío.powar,
and this Sub-Treasury scheme was adopted in itsstead.
He complained that all the «T  a5 appropriation bills had been
thrust aside for the purpose of bringing up; this bjlL He al-
luded to the paramount importancepf the appropriation bills
which importance w as implied by their precedence in the míes.
He saw no necessity or reason why ihhrVlI should he laJttnvp
before other bills offargreaterimportance He saw,, however,
one reason which perhaps had induced the Administration par-
ty to take it up, and that was the taunts which had been thrown
out by the Opposition', that the bill would not be brought up.
If that was the reason, then the bill was brought up merely to
show the courage of the Administration-party inthe House, and
not foi the publicgood. H hoped, therefore, that the urgency
o the appropriation bills would not be adduced aaaa argument
for stifling debate on this bill. Mr. C. then proceededtoexarnine
the principles of the bill, which, he said, contained IWe proposi-
tions, viz. for an Independent Treasuiy, and indepsndent cur-
rency. In discussing the" question of relative Pa'r°naC,D*'
tween the State bank deposite system «id this TUB, Hr. O. ad-
mitted that it conferred leas patronage than the former.
The House, at half past two o'clock, took a reces .
EVENING SESSION.            „_,«,„„—
Mr. CUSHING continued to address the H°^°]£t^*e
ter to seven o'clock, when he gave way ,orJi^2?!s3
com mittee rise.   The motion^^"^^"Sotta? wa. made
i      The committee accorcbnglyroB^wnen a ^^^^
by several gentlemen d ^^„°^f^oZ^5^Kd
yeas aud nays were demanded on th  ««"«r.aRiw.1 
I   as.foUows: yeas 69, nay* 72.
