j—aaMMi iim     ....      i     -i        j—fc
So the House reftised to adjourn.
Mr. CALHOUN of Massachusetts moved a call of the Rouse,
but the meuon was apparently negatived, when the yeas ana
rj y« were demanded, Dut before they were taken—
Jtt. COOPER of Pennsylvania moved an adjournment; the
yeas and nays were demanded, and being again taken, resulted
as follows: yeas 69, nays 58.
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, May 22, 1840.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Georgetown, praying the recharter of the
Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown,
and remonstrating against the passage of any act
requiring the banks of the Dis'rict to resume spe-
cie payments until a resumption by the banks of
the State of Virginia and Maryland; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the memorial of F. R. Dor-
sett, made an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered lobe printed.
Mr. H. from the same committee, to which was
referred the bill for the relief of Edward Criddell,
made an adverse report thereon; which was or-
dered to be printed.
Mr.WILLIAMS, on leave, and in pursuance of
previous notice, introduced a bill to amend an act,
entitled "An act to regulate the pay of the Navy of
the United States; which was read twice, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. STRANGE, in pursuance of previons no-
tice, asked aad obtained leave to introduce a bill to
make certain appropriations for the Patent Office;
which was read twice, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Patent Office.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Williams yes-
terday, was discussed by Messrs. KING, TAP-
PAN, CALHOUN, WILLIAMS, PRESTON,
and DAVIS, and was then agreed to.
The bill concerning a seminary of learning in
the Territory of Iowa, was read a third time and
passed.
The bill for satisfying outstanding military
bounty land warrants, was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The bill giving the assent of Congress to the acts
of Virginia, incorporating the Falmouth and Alex-
andria Railroad Company, and for other purposes,
was taken up as in Committee of the Whole, and
was advocated by Messrs. ROANE. KING,
WALKER, and MERRICK, and opposed by
Messrs. TAPPAN and HUBBARD, and on mo-
tion of the latter, its further consideration was post-
poned until to-morrow.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to establish a uniform system of bankruptcy
throughout the United States; and the question was
on Mr. Wall's substitute for the bill.
M>-. TALLMADGE addressed the Senate at
length in opposition to the substitute, and in favor
of the bill; and its further consideration was post-
poned until Monday next.
Mr. PRESTON offered a resolution that here-
after the hour of meeting for the Senate should be
13 o'clock; which, after some remarks by Messrs.
LUMPKIN and SEVIER, ia opposition, and Mr.
PRESTON, in'support, was ayes 18, noes 19.
The Senate then adjourned to Monday next.
YEAS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Dixon, Henderson, Merrick, Nicholas,
Norvel, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Spence,
Strange, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Webster, and
White—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Cuthbert, Davis, Fulton, Grundy, Hub-
bard, King, Knight, Lumpkin, Rohinson, Sevier,
Smith of Indiana, Tappan, Walker, Williams, and
Wright—19.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Fridat, May 22,1840.
Mr. ATHERTON moved  to suspend the rules
to enable him to offer a resolution rroposinsr to
make the Independent Treasury bill the special or-
der of the day from this day at 12 o'cl< ck, and
every succeeding day at that hour, until the said
bill «hall be disposed of.
Mr.L. WILLIAMS moved a call of the House;
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and on that motion demanded the yeas and nay?;
which havmg been ordered—were yeas 61,
nays 78.
So the House íefused to have a call.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to suspend the rules; which, having
been ordered, were—yeas 86, naysPS:
YEAS—Messrs. Hugh J. Anderson, Athertcn, Banks, Beatty,
Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, A. G Brown, Burke, Sampson H.
Butler, William O. Butler, Bynum, Uhapman, Clifford, Coles,
William R Cooper, Craig, Dana, Thomas Davee, John Davis,
Dickerson, Doan, Doig, Droomgoole, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fife,
Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, Gerry, Griffin, Hand, John
Hastings, Hawkins, Hill ot N. C. Holleman, Hook, Hopkins,
Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Cive Johnson, Keim,
Kemble, Kttle,;Leadbetter, I-owell, Lucas, McKay, Marchand,
Medill, Miller, Newhard, Parish, Parmenter, Paynter, Pren-
tiss, Reynolds, Rtiett, Rives, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard,
A. Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, ¡Starkweather, Steenrod,
Strong, Swearingen, Tayjor, Francis Thomass, Jacob Thomp-
son, Turney, Vroom, D. D. Wagener, Watterson, Weller,
Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, and Worthington
—86.
NATS—Messrs. Adams, J. W. Allen, Andrews, Baker, Bar-
nard, Bell, Bond, Bolts, Brewster, Briggs, Anson Brown, Cal-
houn, William B. Cam bell, Carter, Casey, Uhinn, Clark,
James Cooper, Crabb, Cranston, Cross, Curtis, Cushin?,
Davies, Dawson. Deberry, Dennis, Del let, Edwards, Everett,
.Tames Garland, Rice Garland, Gentry. Glddings, Goggin, Goode,
Giaham, Graves, Green, Grinnell, Habersham, Hall, Wm S.
Hastings, Henry, Hill of Va. Hoffman, Hunt, James, Jenifer,
Charles Johnston, Wm. Cost Johnson, Kempshall, Lincoln,
Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Ogle, Osborne, Palen, I eck, Pope,
Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Reed, Ridgway, Russell, Bal-
tonstall, Sergeant, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly,
Storrs, Stuart, Taliaferro. W. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland,
Triplet!, Trumbull, Underwood, Warren, E. D. White, John
White, T. W. Williams, Lewis Williams, and Joseph L. Wil-
liams—€8.
So the House refuwd to suspend the rules.
PRE-EMPTION BILL.                     |
The unfinished business of the morning hour
was the bill from the Senate, entitled "An act sup-
plementary to an act granting pre-emption rights
to settlers on the public lands."
The question pending when the morning hour
expired on yesterday, was on seconding the call for
the previous question; which, if sustained, would
bring the House to a vote on ordering the bill to be
engrcssei for a third leading.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland moved that the
bill do lie upon the tab'e.
On that motion Mr. WELLER called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. TURNEY inquired of the Chair, if the bill
be laid upon the table, whether a majority could at
any lime take it up.
The CHAIR said that, according to the practice
of the past session, it required two-thirds to take it
up again. He was understood to say that, wjjpn
in its order, it would require but a majority to take
it up; but that it was not competent at any other
time to take it op, except by a vote oí two-thirds.
Mr. LINCOLN inquired if it would be in order
to amend the bill.
The CHAIR replied, that if the previous ques-
tion be not sustained, it would be in order to
amend the bill.
Mr. STEWART of Illinois inquired of the
Chair if it was in order again to make the motion
to lay the bill on the table, the House having de-
cided that question on yesterday.
The CHAIR said it was in order, action having .
been had on the bill since that question was de- í
cided on yesterday.
The yeas and nays having been ordered on the
motion to lay the bill on the table, were—yeas 65,
nays 104.
YEAS—Messrs,   Adams,   Banks,   Baker, Barnard, Briggs,
Sampson H. Butler, Clark,   Coles,  Connor,  James Cooper,
Cianston, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry,  Dennis,   Drom-
goole,  Edwards, Everett,   Fisher, James  Garland,  Gogain,
Goode,  Graham, Graves, Green,  Griffin,  Habersham, Half,
William S. Hastings, Hawes, Hawkins, Hill of Virginia, Hill
of North Carolina, Hnpkms, James, Charles Johnston, Wm.
Cost Johnson, Kempshall, Lincoln, Mr.Carty, Mason, Monroe,   '
Montgomery, Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Perk, Randolph,   |
Reed, Russell, Samuels, Sergeant,  Shepard,   Slade,   Stanly,
Storrs,  Tahafeiro,  Waddy 'Ihompson,  Tillmshast,  Toland,   I
Trumbull, Warren, John White, and Lewis Williams—65.         j
NAYS—Messrs.   Hu?h J.   Anderson,  Andrews,   Atherton,
Beatty, Beirne, Bell, Bjyd, Urockway, Aaron V. Brown, Albert    j
G. Brown, Burke. Win. O. Butler, Ca houn, Wm. B. Campbell,    '
Carr,  Carter, Casey, Chapman,   Chinn,    Clifford, Mark A.     |
Cooper, William R Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Cioss. Cur-
tis, Cushing, Dana, D.ivee, Edward Davids. John Davis, Dick-
erson, Dellet, Doan, Dole. Earl, Easiman, Ely, Fine, Fletcher,
Floyd,  Fornance, Rice Garland, Gentry,   Gerry,  Hammond,
fland,  John  Hastings.  Henry,  Hillen, Holleman,  Howard,
Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble. Klller Leadhetter.Leet, Lewis,
Lowell, Lucas, McCletlan, McCulloh, McKay, Malloiy, Mar-
chand, Marvin, Medill, Miller, Morgan, Calvaiy Moiri«, New-
hard,  Parish, Parmenter, Paynter. Petrikin, Pope, Prentiss,
Profit, Ramsey, Rariden, Rhett,  Ridgway, Edward Rogers,
■ ■■ i   ii        ii       i i    i                 ' "
Ryall, Shaw, Simonton, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas
Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Stuart, Sumter, Swea-
ringen, Swet.ey, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Triplett, Turney, Vroom, David Ü. Wagener. Watierson
Weller, Edwaid D. White, Wick Jared W. Williams, Joseph
L. Williams, and Worthington—104.
So ihe Home reiufced to lay the bill on the table.
The question then recurring on seconding the
previous question, it was determined in the nega-
tive, on count—ayes 77, nees 82.
[If the previous question had been seconded, the
next question would have been on the engrossment
of the bill ]
The question then recurred on the motion of Mr.
White of Kentucky to commit the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CASEY said be looked upon the commit-
ment of the bill as decisive of its fate. If the bill
be committed to the Committee of the Whole oa
the state of the Union at this late period of the ses-
sion, it will not be reached this session, and every
gentleman who will vote upon this question is
aware of ihat fact. He therefore called for the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. RANDOLPH inquired of the Chair, if the
motion to recommit did not prevail, whether the
bill would not stand on the Speaker's table, and
ride over all the appropriation bills.
The CHAIR said it would not take precedence
of ihe appropriation bills, but would be the first
ihmg in order during the morning hoar only, and
would stand on the calendar as one of the bills on
the Speaker's table lor engrossment.
Tne yeas and nays having been ordered on the
motion to recommit, were—yeas 91, nays 100.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Banks,
Baker, Barnard, Beirne, Bel?, Bond, Briggs, Brockway,
Anson Brown, Sampsi n H. Butler, Calhoun, Clark, Con-
nor, James Cooper, Mark A. Cooper, Cranston, Curtis, Gar-
ret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Diomgoole, Edwards,
Evan', Everett, Fisher, James Garland, Gentry, Goggin, Goode,
Graham, Graves, Griffin, Habersham, Hall, William S. Hast-
ings, Hawts, Hawkins, Hill of Va. Hill of North Carolina,
Holmes Hook, Hunt, James, Jenifer, Charles Johnston, Wm.
Cost Johnson, Kempshall, Lincoln, Lucas, McKay, Marvin,
Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Montgomery, Morgan, Calvary Mor-
ris, Ntsbet, Ogle, Osborne, Peck, Ramsey, Randolph, Reed,
Rives, Russell, Samuels, Sergeant, Shpard, Simonton, Slade,
John Smith, Stanlv, Storrs, Sumter, Taliaferro, Waddy Thomp-
son, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, War-
ren, John White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, and
Wise—91.
NAYS—Messrs. Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton, Beatty, Black,
Boyd, A. V. Brown, Albert G. Brewn, Burke, William O.
Butler, William B. Campbell, Carr, Carroll, Carter, Casey,
Chapman, Chinn, Clifford, Coles, Crabb, Craig, Ciary, Crockett,
Cross, dishing, Dana, Davee. Edward Davies, John Davis,
Dellet, Doan, Doig, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine,
Fletcher, Rice Garland, Gerry, Hammond, Hand. John Hastings,
Henry, Hillen, Holleman, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kilie, Lead-
better, Leet, Leonard. Lewis, Lowell, McClellan, McCulloh,
Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Samuel W. Morris,
Newhard, Parish, Parmenter, Paynter, Petrikin, Pope, Pren-
tiss, Pioflit, Rariden, Reynolds, Rhett, Ridgway, E. Rogers,
Ryall, Shaw, A. Sm th, Thomas Smith, Stai kweather, Bteen
rod, Strong, Stuart, Swearingen, Sweney, Taylor, Francis Tho-
mas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vroom, David D. Wagener,
Watterson, Weller,Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams,
and Worthington—100.
So the House refused to commit the bill.
[If the motion to commit had prevailed, it would
have been tantamount to the rejection of the bill,
inasmuch as the condition of the business on the
calendar would have prevented the House from
reaching it, or having any action on it, this ses-
sion. It is, therefore, properly to be inferred that
all those who were opposed to the passage of the
bill, loted for its commitment.]
The question now recurred on the motion to
commit th? bill to the Committee of the Whole, to
take its place on the calendar.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS, who made that motion,
withdrew it.
The SPEAKER said the bill would now go
over, and would be first in order on Tuesday next.
Mr. LINCOLN offered an amendment to the
bill in substance, so as to make it conform to the
act of 1838.
Mr. GOODE offered the following amendment
as an additional section to the bill:
Sec. . Jlnd be it further tnaetei, That all per-
sons being ihe head of a family who have settled
and made impiovements on any part of the Uni-
ted S'a'e* alternate sections re trved from sale on
the Wabash and Ene canal o- the ¡Viiaini canal,
in the Sta'e of Ohio, prurto hi l?ftday of No-
vember, lt-35, be permitted to enter not more
than eighty rxres of land on Hhkh they have so
as aforesaid settled and improved at the proper
