414
A question of order arose as to the time when the
bill should have its third reading.
The previous question was seconded, put, and
carried, and the bill was ordered to be read a third
time now; it was read accordingly, when
Mr. TURNEY moved the previous question,
which was seconded, put, and earned; and the
nam question being on the passage of the bill.it
was decided by yeas and nays, as follows: yeas 124,
hays 15.                                             ...
VEAS—Messrs. Alford, Joba W Allen, Andrews, jAtherwn,
Banks, Beatty. Beirne, Bond, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G
"Brown, Burke, William O Butler, Calhoun, William B
Campbell, Carr, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Chmn, Clifford,
Colea, Connor, James Cooper, Mark A Cooper, William B.
Cooper, Crább Crockett, Cross, Dana, Davee, John Davis,
Garret Davis, Dellet,Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Earl, Eastman,
Ely, Fine, Floyd, Jame  Garland, G.emry, Gerry, Go^gin Go de,
Griffin, Habersham, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, Haw-
kins, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Holleman, Holmes, Hopkins,
Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, James, Jameson, Charles John-
ston, Nathaniel Jones, Kenn, Kempahal), Kille, Leadbetter,
Leonard, Lewis, Lucas, McClellan.McCulloch, McKay, Malio-
rr, Marohand Medill, Miller, Monroe, Morgan, Samuel W
Morns, Ogle, Parrisb, Parmenter, Petnkin, Pope, Prentiss,
Randolph, Reynolds, Rhett, Ridgway, Robinson, Edward Ro-
gers, James Rogers, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, bhepard, Simon-
5m, Blade, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Stark
weather, Steenrod, Stron?, Stuart, Sumter, Sweanngen, Taylor,
Waddy Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Toland, Trip leu, Tur-
ney, Underwood, Wagener, Warren, Watterson, Weller, Wick,
Jarerf W Williams, and Henry Williams—121
NAYS—Messrs Briggs, Cranston, Davies, Deberry, El-
wards, Hawes, William C Johnson, Lincoln, Palen, Russell,
Storra, Taliaferro, Trumbull, and Lewis Williams—15
So the bill was passed.
And the House adjourned.
*      IN SENATE,
Monday, May 24,1840.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut presented the peti-
tion of John. T. Waite and others, praying the pas-
sage of a general bankrupt law; which was laid on
the table.
Mr. S. also presented the petition of Sally Porter
and Betsy B. Cook, children of Colonel Phineas
Porter; which was referred to the Commutee on
Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. SEVIER presented the petition of Abraham
Sinclair, which was referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands.
Mr. MERRICK asked and obtained leave to
withdraw the papers in relation to the claim of
James Forrest.
Mr. YOUNG presented a petition from cituens
of Illinois, for a post route; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and .Post Roads.
Mr NORVELL preset ted the memoual of citi-
zens of the cjunty of Sagtr aw, Mich, for the esta-
blishment of a military post at that piace, which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MOUTON presented documents relating
to the claim of the heirs of Antonio Gras, which
were referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. WHITE presented the petition of John B.
King; which was referred to ihe Committee on Re-
volutionary Claims.
Mr. LINN, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for
the r«lief of the legal representatives of Nathaniel
Pryor, deceased; which was read twice, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported.a bill making provision for the payment
of pensions to the executors and administrators of
deceased pensioners in certain cases; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on Pa-
tents, reported a bill making certain appropriations
for the Patent Office, with an amendment.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Commi tee on Naval
Affairs, made an adverse report on the petition of
Richard B. Mason; wh.ch was ordered to be
printed.
The joint resolution for the distribution of the
Digest of Patents was taken up as in committee of
the whole, and after some remarks from Mr.
TAPPAN, was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
On motion by Mr. LINN, the joint resolution
for the occupation of the Territory of Oregon was
takea up, and made the special order of the day for
this day two weeks.
The bill making certain appropriations for the
Patent Office bung taken up as in committee of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the whele, a motion was made to strike out an
appropriation of one thousand dollars for the col-
lection of agricultural statistics and other agricul-
tural purposes; which was supported by Mcsrs
CRITTENDEN and CALHOUN, and opposed
by Messrs. STRANGE, LINN, and LUMPKIN,
and negatived—ayes 13, noes 20, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed tor a ihird reading.
The bill for the relief of Joseph Robv, after
some remarks by Messrs. WALKER, SEVIER,
and YOUNG, was indefinitely postponed—ayes 25,
noes 6
The CHAIR submitted a message from the Pre-
sident of the United State , transmitting a copy of
the proceedings instituted to try the title to the Pea-
patch island, and recommending to Congress to
pass a special act, giving to the circuit court of the
district of Maryland jurisdiction to try the cause;
which was referred to the Committee on tha Jadi
ciary.
I       The CHAIR al«o submitted the following mes-
sage from the President of the United States:
To the Senate:
I communicate to Congrefs sundry papers, from
which it will be perceivd that the Imatim of Mus-
cat has transmitted to this country, and, through
the agency of the commander afi one of his ves-
sels, offered for my acceptance, a pr  *en% consist-
ing of horses, pearls, and other article of value.
The answer of the Secretary of Stale to a letter |
from the agents of the vessel communicating the
offer of the present, and my own letter to the |
Imaum, in reply to one which he addressed to me,
were intended to make known in the proper quar-
ter the reasons which had precluded my acceptance
of the proffered gift. Inasmuch, however, as the
commander of the vessel, wnh the view, as he al-
leles, of carrying out ihr wishes of his sovereign,
now offers the presents to the Government of the
" United Sia*es, I deem it my duty to lay the propo-
sition befoie Congress for such disposition as they
may think fit to make of i'; and I take the oppor-
tunity to suggest for their consideration the adop-
tion of legislative provisions pointing out the course
wh ch they may deem it proper for the Executive
to pursue in any future instances where offers of
presents by foreign States, either to the Govern-
ment, its legislative or executive branches, or its
agents abroad, may bs made under circumstances
1 prec'uding a refusal without the risk of giving of-
fence.
The corresoondence between the Department of
State and our   Consulgat Tangier, will acqaaint
I   Congie&s  with such an instance in which every
proper exertion on the part of the Consul to refrain
from taking charge of an intended present, proved
unavailing.    The  animals  constituting  it may,
consequently, under the instructions of the Secre- i
tary of State, be expected soon to arrive in the '
United States, when the authority of Congress, as
to the disposition to be made of them, will be ne-
cessary.                                M. VAN BUREN.
Washington, May, 21,1840.
[The following is a portion of ihe documents.]
New York, May 2, 1840.
Sir: We have the honor to inform you, that as
consignees of the ship Sultanee, and cargo, belong-
ing to his Highness, Seyhd Seyhd, Imaum of Mus-
cat, just arrived at this port from Ztnz-bar, we
have been charged by the commander of said ship,
Ahmet Ben Haman, to receive and hold subject te
your Excellency's order, certain presents from his
Highness to the President of the United Slates.
9 Those pre-en's are:
Two Arabian Horses,
One case Otto Roses,
Five Demijohns Ross Water,
One package Cashmere Shawls,
Ono bale Persian Rug,
One box Pearls,
One box—Sword.
We beg to be favored by your Excellency's in-
structions, as to disposition and delivery of thos
articles.
We have the honor to be, sir, your obedient ser-
vants,                BARCLAY & LIVINGSTON.
His Excellency the President of the U. S.
Washington,
Department or Stats
Washugun, 7ih May, 1^40.
Gentlemen. lam directed by th* Piesidentto
acknowledge the rceipt ofyeur leuers to him of
the 3d and 5th instant, informing him of the arri.
v*l, at yout port, of ihe ship Suliarea, commanded
by Ahmet Bea Haman, and bearing presents from
his H ghness, the Imaum of Muscat, for the Pies*,
dent.
Tne President will avail himself of the return of
the Sultanee, to forward an answer to the friendly
communication which he received from h s High-
nsss, and will express at ihe same time the lively I
satisfaction he derives from this first visit of a ves- '
sel from the Sultan's dominions to the Unied
Stales, and his sense of the friendly disposition
evinced by his Highness in the presents which
Ahmit Ben Haman is instructed to offer in his name
Those presents the President i*, undtr existing
constitut onal provisions, precluded from accepting
for his own u>.e. I have, therefore, to request that
you will apprize Ahmet Ben Haman of the circum-
stance, thai such other disposition of the articles
may be made by him as will best comport with the
wishes of the Sultan.
I am, gentlemen,
Your ohedient servant,
JOHN FORSYTH.   •
Messrs. Barclay and Livingston, New York.
To His Fxcellency Martin Van Bürev, Presii/enfo/
the United States of North America, Washington:
Sir Hope the Almighty God wilt project you,
and keep you in good health From this part of the
wor'd, having no news to communicate ihem to your
Excellency; and, whenever opportunity offers fot
this place, we shall fe°l happy to hear from your
Excellency. With any thing that we can do fcr
you. little or plenty, shall feel happy.
Written by the order of His  Highness,
SEYD SEYD BIN SULTAN BIN AHMED,
Imaum of Muscat.
SYED BIN, Calfaun.
Dated Muscat, 25 h December, 1839.
To His Highness Syed Bin Sultan, Imaum of ^hu-
eat, Martin Van Büren, President oftke Unüei
States of America—Greeting'
Great and good frifnd. By the hand  of Ah-
met Ben Haman, commanding your Highness's ship
Sultanee, I had the satisfaction of recetvisg your
Highness'., letter of the 19 h o! the Moon of Sita-
wal, and 1,255 of the Hegira It has been a source
of lively satisfaction to me, in my desire that fre-
quent and beneficial intercourse should be esta-
blished between our respective countries, to behold
a vessel bearing your Highness's flag enter a port
of the United States, to testify, I hope, that such
relations will be reciprocal and lasting.
I am informed that Ahmet Ben Haman bad it in
charge from your Highness to offer for my accept-
ance, m your name, a munificent present. I look I
upon this friendly proceeding on your part as a
new proof of your Highness's desire to cultivate
with us amicable relations; but a fundamental lav
of the Republic, which forbid'! its servants from
accepting presents from foreign Stales or Prince*
precludes me from receiving those your Highness
intended for me. I beg your Highness to be as
sured that, in thus declining your valuable gift, 1
do but p'rlorm a paramount duty to my country
and that, my sense of the kindness which p ompted
the offer is not thereby ia any degree aba e 1.
Wishing health and prosperity to your Highness, ,
power and stability to yottr Government, and to
your people tranquillity and happiness, I pray thai
God may have you, great and good friend, m his
holy keeping.                       M. VAN BUREN.
By the President:
John Forsyth,
Secretary of State.
Washington, May 8, 1840.
The message and documents were referred t3 lie
Committee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to  |
be printed.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The bill for the establishment of a general bank-
rupt law coming up for consideration,                   ,
Mr, HUBBARD addressed the Senate at p**<
