(#)Ñ&RÉSS!OKAL GLOBE.
415
length and with much ability, in opposition to
the bill reported by the majority of the commit-
tee, believing it to be inexpedient and of doubtful
constitutionality. He expressed bis determination
to vote against any bill which authorized compul-
sory bankruptcy against the agricultural classes—
and contended that all the objections which were
urged against subjecting banks and other incorpo-
rations to the operations of a bankrupt law, would
apply with as much force in the case of individu-
als. He concluded by saying, that if the substitute
proposed by Mr. Wall was adopted, wiih certain
modifications, he would probably give his vote fir
the bill.
Mr. WALL stated that he had no objection to
the modification suggested by his honorable fiiend
from New Hampshire.   His object was, as he had
several times stated, to pass a uniform law upon
the nkjtet of bankruptcy; not a partial or special
law of bankruptcy.    Understanding the Constitu-
tion as he did, he thought ihat we had  no consti-
tutional power to pass a mere insolvent law, hav-
ing no principle or features of a law on the subject
of bankruptcy, but the discharging of the debtor
from the obligation of his contracts with his credi-
tors.   The Constitution gives us no power to pass
a lav of bankruptcy.     The fact of bankruptcy or
insolvency does not give Congress authority to act,
or to discharge debtors from their contracts, with-
out payment, and without the consent of their cre-
ditors.   Bankruptcy does not bring the bankrupt
and his creditors and their contracts within the
constitutional power of Congress.    Bankruptcy is
not the tubjeel of bankruptcy.     The subject of
bankruptcy is something else.     The Constitution
gives us power to pass a uniform law on the *u6-
jtct of bankruptcy; not a law of bankruptcy, or in-
solvency, or concerning bankruptcy or insolvency.
He who maintains such a power, assumes the task
of vindicating such a  latitudmarian construction.
Bat while I am willing to accept such amendments
as will make this system acceptable, I do   not
doubt our powers to make the exception, nor do I
wish in that way to lose two friends to gain one.
la making this concession, I by no means yield to
the soundness of the argument of my honorab'e
fiiend.   I have heretofore submitted my views as
to the meaning of the word uniform.    It is a limi-
tation of the power of Congress to pass a  law on
the subject of bankruptcy—not territorially or local-
ly—but as to the classes and subject-matter upon
upon which  such law shall operate.    Congress
may, after defining the classes upon which it shall
operate—for instance, traders—^declare who, fall-
ing within the technical meaning, shall   not be
operated on by the law.   So as to banks or corpo-
rations.   If you except all classes falling within the
same categoric*, from its operation, you may do so
without destroying its uniformity.
Sir, I will take this occasion to submit another
remark. The party of which I am an humble
member, have been charged with being Loco Fo-
cos, agrarians, Fanny Wright men, enemiesof the
banks and of the credit system. Those who make
this charge have submitted a bill which tests
the truth of such charges and accusations.
If I wanted to destroy the banks—to put an
end to credit, honest, legitimate credit, which
springs from confidence—I would vote for
this bill. Banks are debtors-, but where they
are debtors one dollar, they are creditors to five or
ten times the amount. Give their debtors the bill
reported by the majority, the means of destroying
their contract, without payment; drawer and en-
dorser will travel the same road, and the banks must
fall, and the whole credit system must perish by
the acts of its friends, not jts foes. Will not the
avowed friends of the banks and the credit system
pause in their careeii
I have thought myself a tolerable good Loco
Foco, as the slang of the day has vainly attempted
to characterize the party to which I belong; but
this bill is too Loco Focoish for me. I leave its sup-
porters to reconcile their accusations with the con-
duct of myself and those who act with me, and
their own conduct with their own professions.
The public will judge between us.
Mr. HgNDBRSOiy, m reply to Mr. Hbbbard,
admitted that this power over bankruptcy was
more ¡iable to abuse and assumption than almost
any other, and it was especially ior that very rea-
son that he would now confine the exercise of that
power to the to e object ol relieving debtors, which,
and which alone, the country now emphatically de-
manded.
Mr. H. also argued further to show that Con-
gress, like the Brit sh Parliament, has the power to
include any and all classes oí persons which they
may think proper.
On motion of Mr. STRANGE, the subject was
laid over till to-morrow; and, after an Executive
session,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, Mat 25, 1840.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Post Office Department, in
compliance with the 2d iection of the act of July,
1836, enclosing a report of contracts for the trans-
portation of the mail within the last year, with an
abstract of offers, and other particulars in relation
thereto.
On motion of Mr. JONES of New York, laid on
the table and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER announced that the first busi-
ness in order was the motion of Mr. Davis of In-
diana, to refer the joint resotuticn of the Legisla
la tu re of the State of Indiana, in relation to the
Cumberland road, to the Committee of Ways and
Means, with instructions to report a bill for the
continuation of. said road in the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois; and the question immediately
pending when the House adjourned on Monday
last, when the subject was np, was on the question,
"Shall the main question (on the adoption of the
instructions) be put?" On rnat motion the yeas
and nays had been ordered.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi,
a call of the House was ordered and proceeded in
till 155 members answered to their names. The
list of absentees was then called over for excuses,
when the following gentlemen were excused for
unavoidable absence, from the city, indisposition,
ete. viz: Messrs H. J. Andsrson, Brewster, Da-
vies, J. W. Davis, Granger, Hoffman, Law
rence, J. W. Junes, Naylor, Reeij, Rtall, P. F.
Thomas, Vroom, and S. Williams.
On motion of Mr. WELLER, all further pro-
ceeding in the call was dispensed with.
The question was then taken whether the main
question should be put, which was on the adoption
of the instructions and reference, and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 62.
Mr: PECK called for a division of the question,
so as to take the question first on the reference, and
then on the instructions.
The question was then taken on the motion to
refer, and decided in the affirmative.
The question recurring on the instructions, and
the yeas and nays having been asked and ordered
on the same, were—yeas 87, nays 90.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Beatty, Bond, Briggs, Brockway, Anson Brown, Calhoun,
Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chino, James Cooper, Wm R. Cooper,
Cranston, Crary, Cross, Curds, Cuehing, Dana, Garret Davis,
Doan, Duncan, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Fine, R.
Garland, Gid lings, Good , Gnnnell, Hammond, Hand, Wm.
8. Hastings, John Hastings, Henry, Hook, Howard, Hunt,
James, Charles Johnston, Kemble, Kempshall, Kille, Lead-
better, Leet, Leonard, Lincoln, Mallory, Marchand, Marvin.
Medill, Miller, Mitchell, Monroe, Montanya, Morgan, Samuel
W. Morris. Calvary Morris, Ogle, Osborne, Paten, Parrish,
Peck, Pro/fit, Raiiden, Reynolds, Ridgway, Edward Rogers,
Albert Smith, Truman Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, atorre,
Stuart, Swearingen, Sweney, Taylor, Francis Thoma^ Til-
lmghast, Toland, Weller, EdwaidD. White, Wick, andT. W.
Williams-87.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, Atherton, Banks, Beirne, Bell, Botts,
Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Sampson H. Butler,
Bynum, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Carter, Chap,
man, Clark, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, M. A. Co >per, Crabb,
Craig, Edward Davies, John Davis, Dawson, Dennis, Dellet,
Doig, Dromgoole, Earl, Eastman, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd,
Fomance, James Garland, Gentry, Gerry, Goggin, Graves,
Green, Griffin, Habersham, Hall, Hawkins, Hill of Virginia,
Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Hopkins, Hubbard, Jackson,
William Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
Keim, Lewis, Lucas, McClellan, McKay, Montgomery,
Nisbet, Parmenter, Paynter, Petrikin, Francis W. Pickens,
Prentiss, Ramsey, Rhett, Rives, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard,
John Smith, Stanly. Strang, Sumter, Taliaferro, Waddy
Thompson, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Underwood, Warren,
Wattersan, John White,. Jared W. Williams, Henry Wil.
Hams, Lewis Williams, Christopher H, Williams, and Wis/
—W,
So the House refused to adopt the instructions.
Mr. WICK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint reselutions were referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. His object in
making such a motion, was with the view that the
said resolutions be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions to inquire whether
the obligation does not rest on the Government to
complete said road; and he said he would be glad
to see a report on the subject from the Judiciary
Committee. He thought such a report would bring
a true view of the matter before those interested,
and tend to settle a vexed question.
Mr. DAWSON moved to lay said motion 'on the
table.
The question was then taken, and decided in the
affirmative—yeas 79, nays 51.
The SPEAKER then continued the call of the
States for petitions; when petitions Were pre-
sented
By Mr. HOWARD of Indiana.
By Mr. STUART, of Illinois.
By Messrs. HUBBARD and CHAPMAN, of
Alabama.
By Mr. CROSS, of Arkansas.
By Mr. DOWNING, of Florida; and
By the SPEAKER, oa behalf of the citizens of
Florida, who presented a petition praying that Flo-
rida may be attached to the State of Alabama.
Also, a remonstrance against the same.
By Mr. DOTY, of Wiskonsin.
Mr. CHAPMAN of Iowa, in accordance with
notice heretofore given, asked leave to report a hill
to change the mode of selling the public laDds, so
as to prevent sudden drains of the circulating me-
dium, and prevent fluctuations  in the   revenue
derived from the sale of lands.
Objeción having been made to its reception,
Mr. CHAPMAN inquired of the Chair whether
it was in order to make some remarks explanatory
of the bill.
The CHAIR replied that it was not.
Mr. CHAPMAN then presented a petition from
citizens of Iowa, praying compensation for horses
lost in the service of the United Slates, which he
moved to refer to the Committee on the Terri-
tories.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS said the Committee of
Claims was the proper one to which it should be
referred, and accordingly made that motion.
Mr. CHAPMAN said, his reason for moving
its reference to the Committee on the Territories,
was, that the committee was not so pressed with
business as the Claims Committee, and the subject
would therefore have earlier attention by giving it
that reference.
The question was th«n taken on the motion of
Mr. Chapman, and disagreed to; and the petition
was then referred to the Coram.ttee of Claims.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a petition
from citizens of Iowa, praying that the Governof
of said Territory might be elected by the people;
which,
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN, was referred
to the Committee on the Territories.
Petitions were further presented by Messrs.
ALLEN, TAYLOR, and CALVARY MORRIS,
of Ohio.
[Mr. Allen presented the petition of F. W.
Bingham and many other citizens of Cuyahoga
county, Ohio, praying that adequate protection
may be given by Congress for the growth and ma-
nufacture of silk in the United States.]
[Mr. Taylor presented a preamble and resolu-
tions, passed by the General Assembly of Ohio, in
relation to the currency, in«tructing the Senators,
and requesting the Representatives, to support such
measures as shall be calculated to separate thecon-
neciion between the federal Government and the
bank?, and particularly to vote for and support the
measure which is usually called the Independent
Treasury bill: ordered to lie on the table and be
printed. Mr. T. a'so presented the petition of
Timothy Cavin, a soldier of the late war, asking
an invalid pension ]                ___
By Messrs. BELL, CROCKETT, and CAR-
TER, of Tennessee.
On motion of Mr. CARTER, it was
Retohtd, That the Committee on the Judiciary
