416
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of chang-
ing the times of the sittings of the Federal courts
atKnoxville, Tennessee, s« as to avoid interfering
with thr sitting? of the Slate courts in East Ten-
nessee.
By Mtssrs. POPE, TRIPLETT, WHITE, and
GRAVES, of Kentucky.
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky again moved to sus-
pend the rules, to enable him to present the resolu-
tion in relation to the freedom of elections, &c. &c.
which he moved to present on last Saturday, and
on that motion demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WISE appealed to the gentleman to with-
draw his motion, and not to embarrass the busi-
ness, by arresting the reception of petitions. The
motion to suspend the rules could be made at any
time.
The yeas and nays having been refused on the
motion to suspend the rules, the question was taken,
and decided in the negative, without a count.
By Messrs. HABERSHAM and BLACK, of
Georgia.
On motion of Mr. HABERSHAM, it was
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of allowing
to the late Captain John Jackson, of the revenue
service, now decea«ed, a credit of $750, on the
books of the Treasury Department, which sum
now stands chareed against him on said books.
By Messrs. WISE, BOTT8, GOGGIN, CRAIG,
and TALIAFERRO, of Virginia.
Mr. CRAIG oiffered the following, which, being
objected to, lies over one day:
Whereas, one of the contingent clerks employed
in the Clerk's office of this House, a part of the
year 1836 and 1837, which said cl#rk performed
duties in common with other clerks in the office,
but did not receive the same compensation as
other contingent clerks for like services; it is, ther e
fore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Accounts be
instructed to inquire into the expediency and jus'-
ness of allowing the aforesaid clerk a sum   equal
in amount to that received by  other contingent
clerks   employed in said office, during the same
period of time, viz: f om (he 15ih of May, 1836,
to the 4th of September, 1837.
On motion of Mr. J. GARLAND,
Rejoiced, That the Comm Use on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads be  instructed  to  inquire into
the  expediency of establishing a post route from
Traviliian's depot, in   the county of Louisa,  by
Pomdexter's store, to Baotnght's, on   the Three
Notched road, in the same county.
On motion of Mr. GOGGIN,
Rejoiced, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of   allowing  a pension to Mary Morgan,
widow of Reese Morgan, of the county of Frank-
lin, Virginia, whose evidence and  other papers
are now on file in the office of the Commissioner
of Pensions.
By Mr. W. C. JOHNSON, of Maryland.
By Mefsrs. HENRY, MARCHAND, NEW-
HARD,  EDWARDS,   BEATTY, and   HAM-
MOND, of Pennsylvania.
On motion of Mr. MARCHAND,
Rejoined, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions be instructed to inquire into the expediency
of placing John Flood, a soldier of the late war,
on the pension roll, and that the accompanying pa-
pers be referred to the «ame committee.
Bv Messrs. MARVIN, PECK, MORGAN,
GR1NNELL, FLOYD, DANA, and J. C.
CLARK, of New York.
On motion of Mr. FLOYD,
Resolved, Tkat the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of gran'ing a pension to A. W.Morse and
Jared Buckingham, and that the accompanying pa-
pers be referred to said committee.
Resolved, That the memorial of Fhineas Allen,
and the papers accompanying the same, be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions.
On motion of Mr. DANA,
Resolved, That the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions be íustructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of granting a pension to Elizabeth Gibbs, and
that the papers in the Pension Office in relation to
her claim, be referred to such commitiee.
The SPEAKER laid befor- the House a peti-
tion from citizens of Oneida rouvy, in t^e S'dtp of
New York, praying that Congrrs-i woul 1 pri-hibit
lhe use of ardent ¡>pirus in the army and navy, and
its sale to th" Indians, a"d to prohibit its sa'c in
the Capitol to numbers of Congress and others.
Mr. RAMSEY moved to lay ihe petition on the
table.
Mr. WISE called for the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered, were—yeas 65, nays
82
So the House having refused to lay the petition
on the table,
On motion of Mr. MARVIN, it was referred to
the Committee for the Disir ct of Columbia.
By Mr. EVERETT, of Vermont.
By Messrs. ADAMS, BRIGGS, CUSHING,
and LINCOLN, of Massachusetts.
On motion of Mr. LINCOLN,
Resolved, That the Commissioner of Pens'ons be
directed to transmit to this House the application
of Aaron Miller of Massachusetts, a soldier in the
late war with Great Britain, for an invalid pen-
sion, with the papers filed in support of said appli-
cation, and that they be referred to the Committee
on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. ADAMS >aid, that among other petitions
entrusted to his care, was one from an individual
containing charges of a serious nature against
Judge McLean of Ohio. For some time after he
had received the petition, he had en'ertained doubts
as to the propriety of his presenting it. But, upon
reading that petition, he had discovered that it in-
volved questions of the highest importance to this
Union, and that had induced him to present it to
the House, as he had come to the conclusion that
such would be his duty. He wonld state that he
had no personal acqua'ntmce with the complain-
ant, nor did he know any thing of his character,
except from the papers which had been placed in
his hinds. The comp'amt was, however, of a
character wh'ch deserved the most serious attfn-
tion of the House, and involved questions of the
deepest importance to the existence of this Union.
It involved questions with respect to the power of
the Congress of the United S ates over the construc-
tion of ordinances of the Government of the North-
western Territory, and with respect to the sovereign
power of the States, and in relation to the naviga-
tion of the rivers wnich connected those places.
The memorial, he repeat d, involved, therefore, the
sovereign power of the S ates and of this Union. It
alsi involved the conduct of a judge of one of the
United S'ates courts, and .«everal citizens in one of
those States. It appeared that this h gli officer was
charged with depriving the complainant of the
r.ght to appeal to the Supeiior Court of the United
States, &c.
Mr. A. said that, in presenting this petition, he
did sot propose the printing of it, nor even that it
should be read. He was aware of the extreme de-
licacy there was in thus presenting a complaint to
the grand inquest of the aation, aga nst an ( nicer
so distinguished in character as Judge McLean:
and he had long hesitated on the propriety of pre-
senting, until he had read the petiUon. After so
doing, he no longer hesitated; for he was con-
vinced, on the perusal of the papers 'hat questions
of such deep importance were involved, that it was
his duty to present the petition for the considera-
t on of the House. The memorial was very long,
and contained eighteen specifications of charges
against Judge McLean, drawn up with great ability;
he therefore presented it together with the papers.
He would move a reference of the whole to the
Committee on the Judiciary, with a special request
to the members thereof that they would bestow
upon this case the most seriou? attenton. In bis
own mind, after serious deliberation, he had come
to the conclusion that questions were involved
which deserved the most attentive consideration.
He did not mean to say that he had formed any
opinion <^h respect to the justice of the charges
against Judge McLean. He certainly did not wish
to prejudge any thing, as he entertained a high feel-
ing of respect towards that officer.
He forbore to ask for the printing, or even the
reading of the papers, because he had full C0!¡^
denca in ihf Judiciary Committee, and was sura
that justice would be done to all parti ?.   Neither         *
did he, under present circumstances, think une-
ces-sary to call upon the Ju 'ge to answer, as it was         p
vt ry probable ihit, a'teüía eximinauon of the pa-
peis, t'ie committee orrcht come tu the concluida        ^
that the fudge ou¿ht no'-^o be called upon to an.
swer, and that the papers contiine 1 n< thin:; requ r-        $(
in? anv justification.   He  therefore dil not ask        ¡ft
even tl at the pipers should be read.    If, a^ter an          S
examination, the Judiciary  Committee should be        jff
ot opinion that there wis cause for further action           Í
they   could report to that effect, and the  House        rfi
muht take what  action it might e'eem best.                 0
The petition was then referred sub sihmio to the tu 
Committee on the Judiciary.                                           1 ¿n
Mr. TILLINGHAST wished to inquire of | 1
the gentleman from Massachusetts, whether the nd
petition was stg-ted by one person or more.                     jgf
The CHAIR said, the pet tion  having been re.          J
ferred, the question was not in order.                              it
Mr. CRABB wished to say a few words in re- fe
latioa to this singular pet.tion, and was surprised ¡si
when the Chair announced that it was referred. r 
He wished to have an cpportunity of giving his to
v«te on the refere ce.                                                           J
The CHAIR said the petrion had been referred In
in the usual mode, like ether petitions-; but by gene- Urn
ral consent, he would put the quest.on again, and to
formally, o ) the reference.                                                  gg
The que-tion was accordingly put on tl.e motion bit
to refer, and a division was called, but notsus'ained. ns
Th° petition wasth^n referred to the Committee I
en the Judiciary.                                                            foi
Mr. CRABB subsequently made a motion to 601
reconsider the motion to refer the 'petition. He ji
considered it a subject too grave to be referred Ifld
without cons'deration; and was abi ut showing the Sit
propti lyof reconsidering the reference, but was ie,
rule 1 out of order.                                                                t i
Mr. ADAMS asked leave to submit the follow- m
ing resolutions, which were read:                                        rim
ResoheJ, That the circuit court of the United S
States within the distiict of Connecticut, having Mb
decided that tne Africans captured in the Amistad w
were not alienable before itself, or any other court if
of ihe Un ted Sutes, for trial of the crimes of 11
p,racy and murder committed on th1? hghseas, 1
Ufoi the charge of wh ch aaainst them, ihey had is
been captured by Lieutenant Gedney, an executive 1
officer in the service of the United Stales, and 1
br. ught before ihe said circuit court; thera exists ¡j
in hi United States no lawful authority to hold
the said Africans in captivity within the said Slate JI
of Connecticut; and all detention or imprisonment
of their persons wi'htn the said State, without a
charge against them of any offence against the 1
laws of the United Sta'es or of the said State, is
unlawful, arbitrary, and oppressive.                            1
Resolved, That the President of the United State      )
possesses no lawful authority to detain as captives
or pri*oners, the said Africans, or any of them, by   * 1
any ofiicer or officers of the United Slates, whether      1
civil or military, executive or judicial.
Resolved, That there exists no obligation, either
in the law of nations, or by any treaty stipulation
between lhe United States and Spain, by which the
President of the United States can be required, or .3
authorized to cause lhe said Africans to be de-
livered up to the disposal cf the diplomatic repre-
sentative of Sp&in, or to any officer of any foteign
Government in the United States.
Resolved, That the Comm'tiee on the Jud'ciary
be instructed to inquire in'o the expediency of so
amending the laws of the Uniied States for the
punishment of crimes, as to confer upon the courts
of the United States, of competent jnri-diction, fall i
power to take cognizance of, try, and adjudicate,
in conformity wiih the laws of nations, all charge 
against persons accused of the crimes of piracy and   ,
murder committed on the high seas in vessels and   j
by subjects or citizens of any nation foreign to the
United States, whenever any such person or per-
sons charged with the commission of the said crime
or crimes, or either of them, may be found or law- |
fully brought within the jurisdiction of the Unittd
States.
Objection was made to the introduction of the
