418
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Toa SPEAKER then [resumed the call upon the
committees for reports; when
ttr. "CASEY,.from the Committee on Private
L n<¿Claims, reported back to the House, without
ameodnwñí, Senate bill, entitled An act for the re-
lief of William Esteem; which was committed to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HASTINGS of Massachusetts, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of the
heirs of Ebenezer Moore; and
A, bill for the relief of Rebecca Dudley, wife of
Abraham Dudley;
which bills were read twice, and appropriately
committed.
Mr. H. also, from the same committee, made an
unfavorable report in the case of John McLaugh-
lin^ which was «rdered to lie on the table.
r..Mf. H. alto, from the same committee, reported
back to the House, without amendment, Senate
bill  entitled An act for the relief of Charles Mc-
Kenzi«;_ which was committed.
Mr. THOMPSON of South Carolina, from the
Committee on Military Affairs, reponed back to
tb$ House, with an amendment, Senate bill enti-
tled'Am act to provide for the settlement of the
claim of the State of Maine for the services of her
militia; and
Also reported back to the Heuse, without
amendment, Senate bill entitled An act for the re-
Kef of James M- Morgan;
which bills were committed to the Committee of
the Whole, and made the order of the day for to-
morrow;
.Mr, T< from the same committee, which was in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of increasing
the pay oí the volunteer*, reported that it was in-
expedient to legislate on the subject; which was
ordered to lie«Q the table.
Mr. T. from, the same committee, reported a
joint resolution to present a sword to Gen. Duncan
L. Clinch; which was read twice, and committed.
f,Mr. X. also, from the same committee, to which
waa referred a memorial of the Legislature of the
Territory of Iowa, reported the following resolu-
tion which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, directed to receive, and cause to be ex-
amined, the muster rolls and other evidence of the
claims of the Territory of Iowa for the expenses of
a portion of the militia of the said Territory, called
into service durimj the autumn of 1339; and that
he report the same to Congress at the next session.
Mr. S. W. MORRIS, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
John Jordan; which was read twice, and commit-
ted-    -     ...
i Mr. S. W. M. from the same committee, report-
ed back to the House, without amendment, Senate
Disentitled! An aot for the relief of Jacob Greaves;
which was committed.
, Mr.S, W>M. also made an unfavorable report
on the petition, of Ira Faucher, Ephraim Beasly,
Charles GriswoM, Polly - Churchill, Robert Mar-
shall, and Thomas Moran; which were ordered to
lie' on the table., .               f    •      i
Mr. S> STRONG, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief pf Isaac Al-
len; which was read twice, and committed.
..Mr.S. from the same cemmiitee, made unfavora-
ble reports on the petitions of Jacob Headrick, Na-
thaniel Masters, James Campbell, and Uriah War-
ren; which were severally ordered to lte on the ta-
ble.
Mr. DOANE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pension*, reported a bill granting .a pension to Jo-
seph-«Ninibl£tt; which was read twice, and commit-
ted.
.-, Mi. D. also made unfavorable reports on the pe-
titions of C. Leming and Alexander McDonald;
which were laid on the table.
Mr, EDWARDS, from the Committee on Inva-
lid Pension , reported sundry bills, viz:        
A bill granting a pension to Jacob Shade;
A bill granting a pension to Daniel Pratt;
A'bill-for the relief of Burnet Burdsail; and
A bill for the- relief of Sarah Wildretb;
which bill , were severally read twice, and appio-
jgfefeiy eommitted;
Mr. E. also, from, the same committee, made
unfavorable reports on the petitions of William
Ball, Daniel Fielding, and Abraham Pray; which
were ordered \o lie on the table.
Mr. PALEN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported
A bill for the relief of James E. Hallock; and
A bill for the relief of Henry Wells;
which were read twice, and appropriately com-
mitted.
Mr. P. also made unfavorable reports on the
petitions of Joseph Pulcefor, Moses Archer, Ste-
phen Richardson, and Amos Bull; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. P. the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition of Hugh Hammill, Put-
nam Farrington, Robert White, John Morgan,
and Simeon S. Morsell; and they were ordered to
lie on the table.                                  >
Mr. PETRIKIN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds, reported the following
resolution; which was agreed to, viz:
Whereas, the Department is, at present, com-
pelled to rent several buildings for the accomnuo-
daiion of the following bureaus, at an average rent
equal to the interest of fifty thousand dollars, at 6
per cent, per annum:
1.  Bureau of Pensions;
2.     do    of Bounty Lands;
3.     do     of the Paymaster General;
4.     do    of the  Commissary General of Sub-
*      sistence;
5.     do     of Ordnance;
6.     do    of the Surgeon General;
7.     do     of Fortifications;
8.     do    of Topographical Engineers;
9.     do    of Army Clothing;
none of which buildings are fire-prcof, and if
destroyed with their contents, would be a loss
which could not be repaid, the Topographical
bureau alone containing, maps and plans, the work
of years and of great importance, and" which could
not be replaced but at a cost of a large amount of
money; therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds be instructed to inquire and to
report to this House, the practicability of erecting
a plain building, principally of brick, connected
wuh the present building occupied by the War De-
partment, either in whole or in part fire-proof, the
cost of which shall not exceed sixty thousand dol-
lars, for the accommodation of ihe several Bureaus
before named, and the safe-keeping of the records
thereof.
Mr. CHRISTOPHER H. WILLIAMS, from
the Committee for the District of Columbia, report-
ed a bill to provide for the repairs of the Potomac
Bridge; which was twice read, and committed.
Mr. FLETCHER, from the Committee on Pa-
tents, reported a bill for the relief of John W.
Faunce; and a bill for the relief of John J. Roane;
which were read twice, and committed.
Mr. UNDER WOOD, from the Committee on
reportel a joint resolution directing a
further distribution of the Biennial Register-, and to
amend the resolutions directing  the publication
thereof; which was read twicp, and
After a few remarks by Mr. CRABB in opposi-
tion to the resolution, and Mr. UNDERWOOD in
favor, it was committed to the whole House to-
morrow.
Mr.W. O.BUTLER, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Colo-
nel William Piatt; which was twice read, and
committed.
Mr. H J. ANDERSON, from the Committee
on Naval Affairs, reported back to the House
without amendment Senate bill, entitled "An act
for the relief of Lieutenant John E- Bi pbam;"
which was committed.
Mr. H. J. A< from the same committee, made
unfavorable reports on the petitions of John A.
Dickason, William Boerum, and Zebu'on Wade:
Laid on the table.
Mr. H. from the same committee, reported a
bill for the relief of Elizabeth Ctfttmpney, and
A bill for the relief of Samuel Hambleton;
which were read twice, and appropriately com-
, mitted.
On motion of Mr. A. the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
resolutions of the common council of Brooklyn, in
the State of New York, in relation to the Dry
Dock at that city; also, from the memoiial of citi-
izens of Sherborne, Chenango. Oneida, and Colum-
bia counties, in the State of New York, in rela-
tion te the use of intoxicating drinks in the army
and navy, and among the Indians; and that said-
memorials do lie on the table.
Mr. GRINNELL, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.reported the following bills; which were
read twice, and committed:
A bill for the relief of Allen Rogers, of Maine.
A bill for the relief of Harriett Barney, of Ken-
tucky.
Mr. HOLLEMAN, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, made an unfavorable report on the pe-
tition of Thomas Bingey(and Ignatius Lucas.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill ior the re-
lief of William Harper; which was read twice, and
committed.
Mr. TALIAFERRO, from the same committee,
reported back to the House, without amendment,
Senate bills of the following titles; which were
committed to the Committee of the Whole, viz:
j tAn act for the relief of Margaret Barnes, widow
of Elijah Barnes;
An act granting a pension to Daniel Waller;
An act for the relief of Joseph Basse ;
An act for the relief of Samuel Collins;
An act granting a pension to Hannah Leighton;
An act for the reliet of TylorSpafford;
An aet for the relief of Mary Neal, widow of
Samuel Neal, deceased; and
An act granting a pension to Pamela Allen, wi-
dow of the late Samuel Allen, a soldier of the Revo-
lution.
Mr. T. from the same committee, made unfavo-
rable reports on the petitions of Sarah Rockwell,
Henrietta Davenport, Tnomas Bootman, Jacob
Wiley, Archil Johnson, Han pton Stokes, James
Fisher, William Oliver, Benjamin Lyon, Hannah
Waldo, William B. Davis, Agnes Smith, John
Savage, Mary Crysell, Nancy Williams, Thomas
Hughart, Elizabeth White, and Nathan Eartbrook;
which were severally ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAVIES of Pennsylvania, from the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions, reported a bill
for the relief of Edward Putnam; which was read
twice, and committed.
Mr. ANDREWS, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of David Freelove; which
was read twice, and'eommitted.
On motion of Mr. A. the same committee was
discharged from the further consideration of the
pt titions of Elijah Barden, and David Mullery;
and they were ordered to Me on the table.
Mr. CARR, from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of Col. John Stone, late of
the Revolutionary war, deceased, which was read
twice, by its title, and committed to a Committee of
the Who'e House, and made the order of the day for
to-morrow.
Mr. C. asked to be discharged from the conside-
ration of the petition of Joseph McMillen, of Vir-
ginia; also, the petition of Catharine Shannon,
widow of Robert Shannon; which were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. MONROE, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, reported a bill authorizing the construction
of a steam vessel, under the direction of the Secre-
tary of War; which was read twice, and commit-
ted to the Commute; of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. CONNOR, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, made an unfavorable report on the pe-
tition of James S. B'ount; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee of Claims,
made an unfavorable report on the petition of
Thomas Tutum; which was read and laid on the
table.
On motion of Mr. RUSSELL, the Committee of
Claims was discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition of Uriel Sebill; which was or-
dered te lie on the table,
