CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
125
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama said he could not
dos .
The question being wheiher the previous ques-
tion shall have a second, and tellers having been
demanded to ascertain that fact, and Messrs.
Chapman of Alabama and Gkrby havina; been ap-
pointed, reported that there were—ayes 90, noes 70.
So there was a second.
The question then recurred whether the main
question shall now be put"? when
Mr. LINCOLN demanded the yeas and nays;
which, having been ordered, were—yeas 155, nays
77, as follows:
YKAS—Mesare. Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton, Banks, Beatty,
Beirne, Blackwell, Boyd, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Carr, Car-
roll, Casey, Chapman, Chmn, Clifford, Coles, Connor, Win.
R. Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Crockett, Cross, Dana, Davee,
John Davis, John W. Davis, Diokerson, Dellet, Doan, Doig,
Dromgoole, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fletcher, Floyd, Fomance,
Oalbraith, Gerry, Green, Griffin, Hand, John Hastings, Haw-
kirn, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Holleman, Hook, Hop-
kins, Howard, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Cave Johnson,
Nathaniel Jones, J. W. Jones, Keim, Kille, Leadbetter, l.eet,
Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCuiloh, McKay,
Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel W.
Morns, Newhard, Nisbet, Parrish, Parmenter, Parris, Paynter,
Petniun, Pickens, Pope, Prentiss, Ramsey, Rariden, Reynolds,
Rhett, Rives, Edward Rogers, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Albert
Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Strona, Stuart,
Sumter, Swearingen, Sweney, Francis Thomas, P. F. Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel, David D. Wagener,
Watterson, Wcller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry Wil- I
Umm, and C.H. Williams—155.                                               |
NAYS—Messrs Adams, Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews,
Barnard, Bond, Briggs, Brockway, Anson Brown, S. II. Butler,
Wb. O. Butler, Calhoun, Carter, Clark, Cranston, Cushmg,
Edward Davies, Garret Davis, Dawson, Debsrry, Dennis,
Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Fisher, James Garland,
Gentry, Giddings, Goggin, Goode, Graham, Graves, Grinnell,
Habersham, Hall, Wm. S. Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hill uf
Virginia, Hoffman, Charles Johaston, William Cost Johnson,
KempshaU, Lincoln, McCarty, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Mor-
gan, Ogle, Osborne, Peck, Randall, Randolph, Rayner, Ridg-
way, James Rogers, Russell, Sergeant, Shepard, Slade, Tru-
man Smith, Storrs, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson, TiUinshast,
Toiand, Triplet!, Trumbull, Underwood, Warren, J. White,
Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
and Wise—77.
So the main question was ordered.
Tne question then recurred on the motion to re-
consider; when
Mr. LINCOLN demanded the yeas and nays on
the question; which, having been ordered, were—
yeas 96, nays 103, as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews,
Banks, Baker, Barnard, Bond, Bolts, Briggs, Brockway, Anson
Brown, Sampson H. Butler, Bynum, Calhoun, J Campbell,
Carter, Coles, Connor, James Cooper, Cran*ton, Edw. Davies,
Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Eiwards, fcvans,
Everett, Fillmore, Fisher, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gen-
try, Giddings, Goggin, Goede, Graham, Graves, Green, Griffin,
Grinnell, Habersham, Hall, Wm. S- Hastings, Hawes, Haw-
kins, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hill of North Carolina, Hoff-
man, Holmes, Hunt, Charles Johnston, William C. Johnson,
Kempshall, Lincoln, McCarty, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Mont-
gomery, Morgan, Nisbet, Ogle, Osboine, Peck, Pickens, Ran-
dall, Randolph, Rayner, Ridgway, James Rogers, Russell,
Saltonetall, Samuels, Sergeant, Shepard, SI,ule, Truman
Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Sumter, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson,
Tiilinghast, Toiand, Triplett, Trumbull, VnderwooU, Warren,
John White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, Jos. L.
Williams, and Wise—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton, Beatty, Beirne,
Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke,
William O. «Butler, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford,
William R. Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Crary, Crockett, Cross,
Craning, Dana, Davee, John Davis, John W. Davis, Dicker-
son, Delict, Doan, Doier, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman,
Ely, Fletcher, Floyd, romance, Galbraith, Gerry, Hand, John
Hastings, Hillen, Holleman, Hook, Hopkins, Howard, Hu'ihard,
Jackson, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keim,
Kemble, Kille, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas,
McClellan, McKay, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, S. W.
Morris, Newhard, Parrish, Parmenler, Parns Paynter, Petri-
kin, Prentiss, Proffit, Ramsey, Rariden, Reynolds, Rhett,
Hires, E. Rogers, Ryall, Shaw, Albert Smith, John Smith,
Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Strong, Stuirt,Swearmeen, Sweney,
Taylor, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Van-
derpoel, David D. Wagener, Watterson, Weller, Wick, Jarea*
W. Williams, and Henry Williams—103.
So the House refused to reconsider the bill.
The House then passed to the orders of the day.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Commissioner of Pensions, in
compliance wnh a resolution of the 26th inst. co-
pies of the papers in relation to the claim of Aaron
Mellon of Massachusetts, a soldier of the late war
with Great Britain, for an invalid pension.
On motion of Mr. LINCOLN, it was referred to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Various Senate bills on the Speaker's table, were
taken up, read twice, and appropriately commit-
ted.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY  BILL.
The House then resolved itself iato Committee
9f foe Whole, (Mr. Ban&s in the chair) and re-
sumed the consideration of the Independent Trea-
sury Bill.
Mr. CUSHING, who was entitled to the floor
on the above bill, spoke a short time in opposition
to it, when
The committee rose, and the House took a re-
cess,         y,
VVENINO SESSION.
The Corrrmittee of the Whole on the state of the
Union (Mr. Banks, of Virginia, in the chair) re-
sumed the consideration of the bill "to provide for
ihe collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue."
Mr. CUSHING resumed his remarks in opposi-
tion to the bill, and concluded at twenty-five mi-
nutes before 6 o'clock.
Mr. LOWELL then took the floor in reply to
Mr. CnsHiNo, and in defence of the bill. He was
proceeding to examine the relative merits of the
deposite system, and the present measure, with a
view of showiag that the latter was the more con-
stitutional, safe, and convenient mode of keeping
the public money, when, at the request of several
members, he suspended his remarks, and
Mr. PARRIS moved that the committee rise;
which motion was agreed to, and the committee ac-  ..
cordingly rose; when                                             {!
Mr. RANDOLPH moved an adjournment; on  r
Which motion,
|      Mr. HAND called for the yeas and nays, which,
| having been ordered, and being taken, were, yeas
1  65, nays 50.
The House, at 6i o'clock p. m. adjourned.
I                            IN SENATE,
1                    Thursday, May 28, 1840.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of sundry
citizens of Provincetown, Massachusetts, praying
for an appropriation for the improvement of their
harboi; which was referred t© the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr GRUNDY presented the memorial of Sa-
muel Martin of Tennessee; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions,
reported unfavorably on the b.ll from the House
lor the relief of John England.
Mr. WHITE, from the same committee, re-
ported, without amendment, the bill from the House
lor the relief of Jacob Becker, recommending its
passage.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported, without amendment, the bill
for the relief of the sureties and heirs and repre-
sentatives of Mdancton W. Bostwick, deceased.
Mr. W. from the same committee, also reported,
without amendment, the bill to regulate enlistments
in the army and navy.
Mr. MOOTON, from the Committee on Private
Land Cairns, reported, without amendment, the
House bill for the relief of Pierre Molaison and
others.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to which was referred the memorial of
Bl ss and Creighton, moved that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration thereof;
which motion was agreed to.
The report of the Committee on Naval Affairs,
unfavorable to the petition of Rd. T. Mason, was
considered and concurred in.
Mr. KNIGHT, on leave, introduced a bill enti-
tled "An act concerning' the prisoners of the United
States committed to the jail in the county of Pro-
vidence, in the State of Rhode Island; which was
twice read, and referred.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
made unfavorable reports on the bills from the
House for the relief of Catherine Allen, the widow
of Phebe Dickman, and John Strickland; and on
the memorial of John Keeler and Lot Stricklin.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill authorizing the States to tax any lands within
their limits sold by the United States.
Mr. NORVELL ¡>aid that he had, the other
day, presented his views of the financial and pecu-
niary bearing of the bill now under consideration.
He had then staled that, by the compacts accom-
panying the admission of the several new States
int.g (he V§Jonf *C P WW lífflte sojd wjthift their
respective limits were exempt from taxation for
five years from the day ot sale.   Michigan and
Arkansas constituted exceptions to this rule. They
were entitled to tax the lands within their limits as
soon as they were sold by the United States.   The
object of the present bill was to place the other
new States, in this respect, on an equal footing with
the States of Arkansas and Michigan.   The ef-
fect of the measure would not be to diminish the
sales of the public lands at all, especially to actual
settlers—the only class of persons to whom it was
desirable to sell the public domain.    The sales in
Michigan and Arkansas, compared with those in
the other new States, would conclusively demon-
strate the truth of this assertion.    He believed that
it was not for the interest of the United States to
continue the exemption  of lands in   the   hands
of individuals from taxation.     Of course,  those
already sold  by the Government, purchased,  as
they were, under a pledge of the public faith that
ihey should not be taxed for five years, must con-
tinue exempt from taxation to the end of that time.
The bill annulled the exemption  only as regarded
lands hereafter to be  sold.    He had  been sur-
prised to hear it stated by his friend from Mis-
souri,  [Mr.  Linn,] that this bill would have the
effect of taking from the new States their two and
three per cent, fundi,  derived from the proceeds
of the public lands, and that the good faith of the
Government required a continuance of the benefit
of that fund to the States entitled to it.   He had
been equally surprised to find that the interest
of the Cumberland road would be injuriously af-   •
fected by the proposed bill.   Now, sir, by the com-
pacts with the new States, several restrictions and
grants were provided.   They were all sacrefl, -and
could not be repealed, except with the consent of
the parties to them.    This bill proposed that the
United Sates should relinquish to the States the
right to tax ihe public lands as soon as they passed
into the hands of individuals, if the States chose to
accept the boon.    It was perfectly competent to
Congress to take off the restriction upon the States
on this subject, if they deemed it proper to do so.
But the bill was limited to this single object.    It did
not propose to ask the States to surrender the two
and three per cent, fund to the General Govern-
ment.   This could not be done without the consent
of the States; and their consent to such a surren-
der was neither suggested in the bill, nor did the
United States desire it.    The public faith was,
therefore, not involved in the question.    If the two
or three per cent, fund, so far as Ihe Cumberland
road was concerned, were not already exhausted, it
would continue to be applied to the completion of
that road.    In no possible «tale of things could the
bill have the least bearing on the Cumberland road.
He now proposed to add to these views, which
he bad briefly expressed when the bill was up
before, a single remark or two upon ihe political
effects of the bill.   One of the greatest complaints
coming from the new States,  with regard to their
peculiar positions, was, that many of their sove-
reign tights, much of iheir rightful jurisdiction,
which remained with the old States,   had  been
taken from  the new.    Among these rights and this
jurisdiction,  those which   related   to   the vacant
domain within their limits, and to the imposition
of taxes upon all real property, were, perhaps, the
most important.   In these respects, the new States
were in the condition of inferiors to the old States,
and  of  vassals   to   the   United   States.     They
were  not   upon   an equal footing, as the Con-
stitution   required,   with   the   original   States of
this Union.    It was the object of the bill to re-
store to the new States their sovereign right of tax-
ation, so far as respected  all public lands, as soon
as they were sold; and he bad been astonished, he
had been astounded, when he had heard an ob-
jection to this proposition proceeding from any
Senator from a new State.   It was true that this
bill had been introduced  by an individual mem-
ber—by himself; but it had been introduced after a
consultation with the Committee on the   Public
Lands, and with their decided   concurrenc*.   It
had been referred to that committee, by whose in-
struction he had reported it to the Senate.   He be-
lieved that a similar billhad heretofore twice passed
this bodyjeertaioitwas, that he had- inttodacea. ana
/
