CONGRESSIONAL GLOÉÉ.
4&?
ae
corrupting powers,
1
cs.! /Hue
v . •«! ■!% pv „o, with the Government, thereby
lo increase the patronase and strei gth of the Exe-
cutive. He was for separating the money power
from any connection with the Government—the
Government was strong enough without it. He
proved that the banks, upon the principles now
established, were not proper or safe depositories for
the Government fondv, they wanted radical reform
—such reform as could only be effected by State
legislation. He was in favor of making such a
currency for the people as was contemplated by
the Constitution; that is, a gold and silver currency
for general circulation, and large note i for the use
of the merchants for purposes of commerce.
In alluding to the remarks of Mr. Curbing, who
asked why this measure was not deferred until next
year, so that the matter might be submitted to the
people, Mr. L. contended that it had already been
fairly submitted to the people. By a reference to
the elections in the S'ates of Massachusetts,
Maine, New Jersey, Ohio, and other States, he
showed that, when the people had had an oppor-
tunity of manifesting their wishes, they had de-
cided in favor of the measure. Y«s; this subject
had already been put to the people who had acted
upon it, and who elected their Representatives
with a view to this great question; and when the
question should be taken, he would prophesy that
the measnre would be carried through by the votes
of members so instructed.
The committee here,- at hall past tw^ took jk
recess.
EVENING SESSION
After the recess,
Mr. LOWELL resumed his remarks. ?/Hud
ing to the charge that this bill was intendeiirto cre-
ate "one currency for the Government and another
for the people," he contended that to the degree in
Which gold and silver was paid to Government, to
such degree would the currency of the country be
benefited by the substitution of a sound and safe
currency for bank paper. He said there was a
grand mistake iBto which many persons fell when
speaking of the peopl«; they generally considered
the banks as the people, which was a great fallacy,
and calculated to lead them away from the true
issue. Experience bad shown that the banks and
the people were two different interests.
Another objection to the bill was, that it would
increase Executive patronage. Now could the
Executive, if he were so inclined, find a surer
means of increasing his power, than by forming an
alliance with the numerous State banks? There was
no other plan by which so great a share of power
could be secured, as that of an alliance with banks,
and the interests connected with them. But the
present measure was calculated to afford no means
of increasing the Executive power, compared with
that of banks.
It had been asserted that the system was already
in operation, and yet there was distress throughout
the land. But from whom did those cries of dis-
tress cornel They came, not from the people
themselves, but from the bank officers and specu-
lators, whose interest it was to have it believed that
such distress prevailed. Mr. L. then a I ver ted lo
various facts to show that this cry of distress was
false, and only raised for the purpose of producing
a panic He said the crowded wharves, the steam-
boats and railroad cars, gave the lie to the doleful
tales poured in upon us by these Bank men. These
enes came not from the poor man; they came from
those who lived in splendid palaces, from men who
fared sumptuously evefy day, and who rode in
their carriages. These were the men who were
uttering complaints against the extravagance of
Governmeat, while they themselves were surround-
ed by extravagance, and revelling in luxury. He
then went on to show how many times the country
had been ruined, according to the account of these
speculators; and, notwithstanding it had thus been
so frequently rained, it was yet one of the best
countries upon earth.
Another objeción was, that this measure would
have the effect of raising the price of provisions,
and of injuring the agricultural interest. B.n his-
tory showed that ths operation of a United States
Bank went directly to produce such a result, and
that it bad done serious injury, by raising and de-
pressing the price of its provisions at its pleasure.
In proof of this, he referred to a table, which will
be inserted when his remarks appear in full.
Mr. CrjswNG havine refened to Eng'and, as an
instance of the beneficial effects of banking, Mr.
L. caused to be read at the Clsrk's desk, a report
made to the British House of Commons, showing
the injurious effects of that system upon the labor-
ing classes.
Mr. L. went on to show how injuriously the sud-
den rise or fall of prices operated upon the poor
man; whereas this measure, unlike the bank sys-
tem, would tend to regulate and prevent any fluc-
tuation in prices. He also examined, at some
length, many objections which had been urged
against this measure—a full report of which will
be given hereaf er.
Mr. ATHERTON then took the floor in support
of the bill, and in reply to the objections of Mr.
Cdshing.   After some introductory remaiks, he
proceeded to state what were the general principles
of the bill.   He contended that the money of the
people should be safely kept by the people's own
officers, responsible to them, and that it ought not
to be used by corporations or private individuals.
Al-o, that this bill made provision, by which,
through successive steps, all the revenue would be
collected in gold and silver, the legal coin and con-
stitutional revenue.     He believed this measure
would recommend itself, because it was a system
combining safety, convenience, and economy. Mr.
A. then adverted to the great distress and incon-
venience occasioned by the general suspension of
specie payments by the banks in 1837, and also by
the recent suspension, as proofs of the necessity of
adopting tome other mode of keeping the public
money.
This measure would also enable the Govern-
ment to control the re venae raised for legal and
constitutional purposes. It provided for the secu-
rity of the funds, by a system of checks and bonds,
so that even the most unforeseen exigencies would
be guarded against, and that powerful temptation—
the use of the public money—be removed. This
was a very important provision, for experience had
proved that the use of the public money by officers
of Government, was the true cause of all the defal-
cation?.
This bill provided for a system most consonant
to the principles of our Republic and free institu-
tions. Why? He would show it. In the first
place, he laid it down as a proposition that the
taking possession of the public revenue, and using
it for the purpose of private gain and speculation,
necessarily gave power and control over that re-
venue. Secondly, the control of that revenue, ne-
cessarily gave a high degree of political power, for
money was the sinews of political, as well as phy-
sical warfare. If so, then came a third proposi-
tion, which was, that ihe ptople are the true source
of all political power, and not the banks. The
banks, then, not being the source of political pow-
er, ousht not to be entrusted with it. Banking
companies were not politically responsible,and ought
not to be entrusted with political power. He was
sure no gentleman wonld rise and contend that the
banks were politically responsible; then why ousht
those institutions to be entrusted with the public
revenue, the possession of which conferred political
power.
After explaining many other beneficial results
which would arise from the adoption of this mea-
sure, Mr. A. referred to a. remark made by Mr.
Cushing on a former day, 'that this scheme had
originated with Hamilton, who, finding it would
not answer, discarded it," etc. Mr. A. showed
that instead of the scheme origina ing with Hamil-
ton, it originated with the Constitution itself, and
was in operation at the time of Hamilton. In-
stead of. the measure having a Federal origin, it
was the measure of the Constitution, which was
rejected by Hamilton so soon as he thought he had
sufficient power to make the change from that to a
united States Bank. Mr. A. read a number of
extracts from works of authority, proving that
fact.
After some further observations, Mr. A. expa-
tiated on the "safety" of this measure, compared
with that of the deposite, or United States Bank
system. He adver'ed to the great cry which had
been raided in respect to the defalcation of Swartwout,
and which had been used as an argument against
this scheme. But, said Mr. A. that defalcation
took place under the deposite bank system, and is 
therefore, no argument against this measure, which
proposes to place the money in the hands of collec-
tors, under a rigid system of checks. Besides,
were offict rs of a bank any more to be trusted than
officers appointed by Government? Did not expe-
rience show that bank presidents, and bank
cashiers, were sometimes as bad as other offenders?
Again, it was urged that a single officer of Go-
vernment, entrusted with so much money, was lia-
ble to abscond, whereas, a banking corporation
could not. But if a corporation could not ab-
scond, that corporation might become an abstract
nonentity, so that the law could not touch them,
which was all the same. In addition to this intan-
gibility of their nature, the officers of a corpora-
tion could, and did, abscond the same as Swart-
wout.
Mr. A. then went on to examine documents, to
see the relative amount of loss under the present
system and that of the banks; and showed that the
loss from defalcation of public officers was not a
fifteenth part of that arising from the depreciation
of bank paper.
In noticing the several arguments of Mr. Cash-
ing, in favor of the banking and credit system, he
adverted to the affairs of Great Britain, on which
Mr. C had passed a glowing eulogium. But, said
Mr. A. the gentleman has given us but one side of
the picture. While he has held up to our view
the splendid palaces and luxuries of the great, he
has omitted to notice the scenes of beggary and
desolation which stalk forth over that land. He
has forgotten to tell us of the poor man's hovel,
and the wretched condition of the population in
the manufacturing districts, where young children
are sent to a premature grave, by hard and un-
healthy labor, and whose parents spend the whole
of their existence in a hopeless struggle against the
demon, starvation. If the gentleman would give
both sides of the picture, he would find that Great
Britain was no very great argument in favor of his
system. Besides, the gentleman had connected
banking and civilization together. But if civiliza-
tion depended upon banking, how was it before
1694, when that system was established in Eng-
land? Would the gentleman crntend that England
was not civilized before that time, and that Shak-
speare and Milton were not civilized?
After answering a great, many other points raised
by Mr. Cüshino in favor of the banking system,
Mr. A. said he would take a single objection raised
by Mr. C against this bill, which would serve asa
specimen of all the rest. It was in relation to the
provisions of the sixteenth section, which required
that "certificates of deposite" should be given by
the collector or agent when money was paid over
to him. Now it was contended by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, that these certificates of depo-
site would become a part of the paper currency of
the Government! How could such be the case?
How could a mere receipt or certificate of deposite
for money paid become a part of the curreBCj?
Would gentlemen pretend to say that with such
certificates it would be possible to travel from one
part of the country to another? Weuld any body
be foolish enough to take such receipts for money?
Why, upon the very same principle, a man, after
paying a debt, and getting a receipt, might go into
a store and attempt to purchase goods with that
receipt. Such a man would be laughed at as in-
sane; and yet the gentleman from Massachusetts
warns the people, that, in case this bill should pass,
these receipts or certificates of deposite will become
a part of the currency 1 Such, said Mr. A. are the
arguments which gentlemen who oppose this bill
use to terrify and alarm the people.
After confuting many other objections in the
same way, Mr. A. concluded by demanding
of the Opposition that if they were not satisfied
with this measure, they should propose some other
in its stead. They all acknowledged that some
remedy was necessary, and if this did not sort
them, the country would demand of them that
they should propose something which did.   U  ey
