430
which denies the right of a standing committee to
reconsider a rote, was considered binding by many
gentlemen, and ihe only way to get round it
was, to receive the report and commit it, he ac-
cordingly made that mo ion.
Mr. HtLLEN s«d there was no further ma'ter,
in snbsunce, before the committee now, than there
was when the report which was received was
adopted by a majority of that committee. The
subject had been before it for four or five month*,
and ample time had been given before the repon
had been adopted. Great indulgence had been
given by the committee to those interested and who
were opposed to the repeal of the act restating
pilots. The «abject had been fully considered by
the committee before the report was adopted
There was bo new matter in substance referred, or
proposed to be referred, to their consideration; he,
therefore, hoped that the subject would not be
recommitted. He called for the reading of the re-
port and bill.
Mr. BRIGGS made some remarks in favor of
recommitting. The House had decided that a
committee had no right to reconsider a vote. He,
therefore, thought it was important that the subject
should be recommitted, that the House n-ight re-
ceive the views of the majoruy of that committee;
which, it wai admitted, were not presented in the
report just received.
Mr. HILLEN said it was the report of the ma-
jority of the committee.
Mr. BRIGGS said: That report has s nee been
reconsidered; and the majority have adopted ano-
ther report.
Mr. DROMGOOLE «quired of the Chair whe-
ther it wa3 in order to recommit the bill until it had
been read, and passed through its proper stage by
the rule?
The CHAIR said it was not.
Mr. TILLING HAST was in favor of recom-
mitting the report. Toe vote j'ust taken was on the
question of reception of the ieport that h d been
adopted by a majanty of the Committee of Com-
merce atone time, but which had been stibsequenly
reconsidered. The vote was a close one; and he
believed that if the naked abstract question of right
in a committee to reconsider had been presented,
the vote would have been different. He hoped
the subject would be recommitted.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS rose to make a few
suggestions on the subject. The question was the
simp'e one of recommitment. But had it not been
just ascertained that the majority of the convnittee
Were adverse to the bill,and had already prejudged JJ
the question? It would bt fo.eseen that the majo-
rity of the committee was not tien competent to de-
liberate upon ths mater. With these facts itarrng
us in the lace, was it nght for the House to send it
back to the Committee on Commerce, the majority
of whom had not only pronounced their opinion,
but also their judgment on this case"1 Would not
such a course be m direct violation of that maxim
of the law, which said it was not right to give the
lamb to the wolf to nurse? He appealed to gentle-
men whether it was right to recommit this subject
to a committee, of which the majority had an an-
tipathy to the bill.
The morning hour having expired, Mr. T. ?us-
pended all further remarks.
Mr. PROFFIT called for the orders of the day;
before passing to which,
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland gave notice that
he would ask leave to introduce a bill to abolish
imprisonment for debt in the District of Columbia.
Mr. ATHERTONjnoved to suspend the rules
to enable him to submit a motion that the House
rasolve itself into Commutes of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. PROFF1T demanded the yeas and nays;
which, having been ordered, were, yeas 103,
nays 80
So the rules were not suspended: there not being
two-third*.
Mr. GALBRAITH rose to a privileged ques-
tion. He said, «nee the votehe had given on yes-
terday in favor of the passage of the bill for the
relief of General Daniel Parker, he had more fully
examined into the merits of the claim, and was
satisfied that that bill should not pass.   The op-
CGNGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
portunity was not afforded him to examine the
question bef ¡re the vite wis taken. He theref >re
moved that the yote on the passage of the bill be
reconsidered.
Mr. GIDDING3 spoke of the mer tsofthecla.m,
and said it abiil of more impottince than was
apparent on Us face—that it was rn tnterins wedge
toa class of claims, of the same character. He said it
was not based upon principle-) ot law or justice,
but its only merit seemed to be that he was tn'itled
to the claira becansa others had n ceived it in like
circumstances.    He arzued against the claim.
Mr. COLES advocated the claim; spoire of the
several favorable reports which had bem made
from the Military Committee, and the Ways and
Means Committee, in its favor, as pr< ot that there
was great merit in the claim. It had also received
the favorable consideration of the Departments
years ago.
Mr. GOGGIN : poke in opposition to the motion
to rt consider, and
Mr. GALBRAITH in favor of that motion;
when
Mr. LINCOLN advocated the claim; spoke of
the favorable report of the Committee on Mill ary
Affairs in 1836, of wh'chthe now Vice Tieiident
[Mr. Johnson] was the chairman. That rep<rt
received the unanimous vote of that connnttee.
He went into a history ot th-s whole matter, aiid
contended that ihe claim was one of merit unques
tionably. If one should rise from the dead, anJ
speak with the tongue of an angel, the merits
of the claim could not be made to appear more just
or clear.
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON argued that every
officer simi'arly circumstanced had received what
wafc proposed by the bill to be given to Gen. Parker,
that is, double rations. It was a question of justice
and equity, if not of law, and hrped ths vo e on
the passage of the bill wmld not be reconsidered.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana moved the previous
question; which having been seconded, and the
main question ordered, viz: "Shall the vote be re-
considered "
Mr.   GALBRAITH   demanded the yeas and
nays; wh ch having been ordered, were—yeas 86,
nays 63.
So the vo'e was reconsidered.
The question  then recurred on the passagj of
ihe bill; when
Mr SMITH of Indiana moved to lay the bill on
tie table.
Mr. EVANS demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion; which having been ordertd, were—
yeas 92, nays 64.
So ihe bill was laid on the table.
Engrossed bill entitled an act fcr the relief of
John VV. Bond and Oliver Pernn, came up in its
order; and after a few remarks explanatoiy of its
principles, by Messrs. EVERETT and HOP-
KINS, it was read the third time and passed.
The bill for the relief of John J. Roane next
came up in order oa its engro-sment, when a de-
bats ensued, m which Messrs. HOPKINS and
PROFFIT participated in opposition to the bill,
and Mr. Pi/TRIKIN in as favor; but before any
action thereon,
Ths House, at half past 2 o'clock, took its usual
recess.
EVENING SESSION.
After fie recess the  SPEAKER resumed the
chair, when                    .
Mr. EVANS of Maine observed that there was
no quorum present, and that bnng the case, the
Speaker had no right to take the chair, it being
contrary to the parliamentary law. The parlia-
mentary law was, that if there was no quorum pre-
sent, the Speaker ought to adjourn the House
without any question.
Afier some deba'e of a conversational character
between Me^s-s. EVANS and McKAY,
Mr. BRIGGS moved an adjournment.
On that motion Mr. PROFFir demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. EVANS again insisted that the Speaker
could not, in accordance with parliamentary law,
entertain a question on the adjournment. If there
was no quorum present, he was bound to adjeurn
the House forthwith.
The question then being taken on the motion to
'I adjourn, resulted as follows—yeas 46, nays 47.
j!       So the Hou=e refused to adjourn
Mr. EVANS then  called upon the Speaker to
adji urn ih° House, there being no quorum.
Mr PROFFIT lead ihe rule which reiates to the
adji urniiient of iha House.
I      Mr.   EVANS   referred   to   the   Congressional
Maiual, and argued that the rraciic^ in ihe British
Hoi se of Commons was foijh- Speaker lo adjoarn
the House w,tnout any quf-at on, when it appeared
I   there   was not a qu >rum present.    He therefore
i   contended, tiat in the present ca^p, there being no
i    quirura, the S'pfaker  was bound to  adjourn the
I    Hou^e, without any question on the adjournment.
The fcPE^KER s ud the gentleman Irrm Maine
wa« partly right and partly wrrng    The Sp'aker
ii   of the House  of   Commons   c<ud   adjjurn  the
i    House for want of a  quorum vi'hout a question
I    bting taken; but the rule required  hmio   remain
!   in the chair ei.her two or four hou s> first, he could
'    notrecillectwh.cn.
Mr. BRIGGS s?id as the Hou^e had refused to
adjourn, he w uld move a call of tie Hou&e
!      Mr.PROFFIT demanded the > fas and najs.
Mr PETKIKIN moved an adj urnment.
Mr. PROFFIT said he was envied to the floor,
and obj^e'ed to the mnionof adjournment bemg
entrrtauif d
Mr BRIGGS called upen the Chair to count
the Hou'-e.
The CHAIR d d so, and reported 107 members
pr<spnt.
M>\  HOFFMAN renewed  the  motion  to ad-
jmurn.
Mr   PROFFIT demanded  the yeas and najs;
wh ch Wi-re not ordered.
Tellers were then called for, but refused.
The quesuon wis then taken on ti e motion to
adjourn, and decided in the afiirmau.c—ayes 79,
noe> 35.
So at half-past 4, p m. the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, June 1, 1840.
Mr. BUCHANAN presumed a memorial of ci-
tizens of Pennsylvan a, praung for the imposition
of a duty of foreign s-ilk; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
|      Mr LINN presented a memorial of ihe presi-
|  dent and trustees of the town of Green Bay; which
1   was referred to the Commi'tee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of the
Boird of Trade of the city of New York in favor
of certain modifications of the proposed bankrupt
law in favor ot the creditor; winch was read, or-
dered to lie on ihe table, and be printed.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented a letter of the Se-
cretary of the Treasury relative to the quantity and
value of sugar imported, and refined sugar «xport-
ed, during th  year ending September, 1839; which
1   was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. TALLMADQE presented the memorial of
citizens of the State of New York m favor of the
passage of a bankrupt law; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. T. also presented a memorial of citizen  of
I   the State ot Ohio, remonstrating against the use of
j   bloodhounds in the Florida war; which was laid
'    on the table.
Mr. CL\Y of Kentucky presented the petition
of Cit z^ns of Oh o, praying for an increase of du-
ties on n reign silk; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. LINN presented the petition of certain citi-
Z3iis of Stoddard county, Missouri, praying the
establishment of a mail ronte; which was referred
to the Committee on the Post Office.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted papers relating to
the boarding pistols and riñes invented by Samuel
Colt; which were ordered to be printed.
I      Mr. STURGEON submitted the following mo-
I   t on; which was agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions bere-
! quested to examine and report on the claim of
I Mrs. Hannah Elmore, who claims a pension is
consequence oí the services of ihe husband of the
1 said Hannah during the Revolutionary war.
I     Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions,
