■■■■■■                      '■                      1'-1                                                    .,■■=:
to which was referred the bill for the relief of John
H. Genther, made an unfavorable report theron;
which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill granting a pension to
Margaret Jamison, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bill for the relief of Elizabeth
Davidson, reported the same without amendment.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, made an
adverse report on the bill for the relief of Elizabeth
French.
Mr. WALKER, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, to which was referred the bill for the
relief of Mary Sroufe, reported the same without
amendment.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private Land
Claims, to which was referred the bill for the relief
of the children of Stephen Johnston, deceased, re-
ported the same without amendment.
Mr. L. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the memorial ot the representatives of
Wade Hampton, reported a bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of Daniel Chirk, Donald-
son and Scottf1 and William Conway; which was
read and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. L. also from the same committee, to which
was referred,
A bill confirming the claim of Augustine La-
coste, to a certain tract of land therein named; and
A bill for the relief of  William Mar bury, of
Louisiana;  reported  the   same  severally   with
amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the bill for the relief of John
L. Bowman, and Enoch C. Noyes, reported the
same without amendment.
The act to amend an act approved the 18th of
January, 1839, entitled an act to amend an act en-
titled an act to require the judge of the District of
East and West Tennessee to hold a court at Jack-
son, in said State, approved June the eighteenth,
eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, and for other
purposes; and
The joint resolution, authorizing the President of
the United States to accept certain presents from
the Imaum of Muscat, and the Emperor of Mo-
rocco, and to dispose of the same,
were severally read a third tine, and passed.
The report from the Committee on Claims, in
the case of the heirs of Robert Fulton, deceased,
was taken up, and Mr. MERRICK addressed the
Senate, at length, in opposition to the report, and
in fav«r of the claim, bnt before concluding, the
Senate passed to the consideration of the special
order.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to establish   a' uniform   system   of  bankruptcy
throughout the United States, and after  several
amendments had been proposed and discussed by
Messrs. WRIGHT, CUTHBERT, WEBSTER,
STRANGE, TALLMADGE, and PRENTISS—
Mr. CLAY of Alabama moved to strike out so
much of the 18th section as proposed to include
banking corporations.   He did not intend to go at
large into the discussion as to the power of Con-
gress to embrace this class of corporations in the
bill under consideration.   It had been his misfor-
tune to be absent during a considerable part of the
discussion that had been going on, and, therefore,
he had not beard all the arguments in favor or in-
cluding them; bat he occupied a position in regard
to this matter which settled the question with him
without difficulty.   He represented a Slate which
had seven banking institutions, the capital of five
of which was entirely furnished by herself, and all
the liabilities of which she held herself bound to re-
deem.    Of   course   he   was   not   prepared   to
put   the   Staie   of   Alabama   in   a   condition
of bankruptcy.   Of   the   sixth   institution,  his
State  held   two-fifths of  the   capital, and   ap-
pointed her portion of the direction; and of tie
seventh institution, two-fifths of the capital was
reserved for the State, though not yet taken.   By
the laws of Alabama, no bank could be organized
in it without her being interested in it.   Under
these circumstances, he could not Tote for including
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
banking corporations in the bill, and he hardly be-
lieved that any honorable Senator was prepared to
include banks so situated. As a friend to the rights
of the States, and believing it to be indispensable
to protect those rights, and preserve the institutions
which the States considered valuab'e, he could not
vote for a bill containing such broad lan-
guage in regard to them as this did. Char-
tered by the State, responsible to the States,
in. many instances responsible to the Legis-
latures, and in all instances responsible to the
judicial tribunals, the States had, also, in many in-
stances received a bonus for the grants of charters.
There were many instances of this kind in other
States, and, at all event), some benefits had been
reserved to the people for chartering these institu-
tions. It was unnecessary to pass on to the other
sections; this question was a test question, and he
would therefore ask for the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and nays were then ordered.
Mr. CALHOUN expressed a wish to address
the Senate on the subject; but as the hour was
late, the further consideration of the bill was post-
poned till to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. BUCHANAN, the Senate
took up and considered, as in committee of the
Whole, the bill to carry into effect the treaty be-
tween the United States and Mexico; and it was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, June 1,1840.
Mr. CUSHING rose to a privileged question, but
gave wav to
Mr. WADDY THOMPSON, who a«ked per-
mission from the gentleman from Massachusetts to
make a brief statement in relation to some im-
portant communications from the Secretary of War
to the Committee on Military Affairs, in relation to
the troubles in Florida.
Mr. T. who is chairman of the Military Com-
mittee, proceeded to state that a communication
had been received from the War Departments
enclosing two letters fiom the head quarters of
the army, conveying the lamentable intelligence
that a vigorous attack had been made by the
Indians, who had again concentrated their force,
in grea'er numbers than before. He desired that
the communications might be read; after wliich, he
was sure the Houss would agree with him in the
opinion that the bill reported by the committee for
raising 1,500 men, ought to be acted upon without a
moment's delay.
The several letters were then read by the Clerk.
Mr. THOMPSON again expressed his hope
that the House would not hesitate a moment in
acting upon the bill. It was simple in its
nature; its" provisions were by no means intricate,
and one half hour would be sufficient to dispose of
it. If there wa* any gentleman who might wish
to say any thing on the policy of Government or
other matters connected with the Florida war, there
were several other bills to come up connected with
on which such speeches might be made. Under
those circumstances, he smceroly hoped that
the bill reported by the committee for the ra's-
ing of 1,500 men, would be suffered to pass without
delay. It was a bill having the sanction of the
Secretary of War, and although he would not say
the measure? it proposed would determine the war,
yet he was confident it would do more towards
bringing it to a speedy close than any other plan.
He was sure there could be no serious objection to
it, after hearing the communications which had
been read, and which were calculated to amuse the
feelings of every patriot. He was confident the
House would not refuse to go into Committee of
the Whole at once on the bill. He entreated it,
nay, in the name of the suffering people of Florida,
be demanded that action should at once be had.
Mr. T. concluded by moving a suspension of
the rules for the put pose of going into Committee
of the Whole on the aforesaid bill.
Mr. DOWNING of Florida wished to say a few
words on this subject, itr addition to what had been
already stated by the gentleman from South Caro-
lina. Mr. D. stated that he had received letters
from Florida, dated the 23d May, some little tine
____I,,        _!_!.        A.'
"-                                                     ¥U                                        ill II               "    ''I             ----------^                          /   I
later than the date of the facts referred to by the
Secretary of War, and which confirmed the ac-
counts transmitted to the Department, He ¿aid
that among other instances of outrage, was one
where two wagons had left the city of St. Augus-
tine, under an escort of five United States soldiers,
but they had not proceeded above six miles from
the city before they were attacked.
After reciting the particulars of this outrage,
which were not heard by the Reporter, Mr. D. ap-
pealed to the Hou e, whether, under this state of
things, it could deny protection to the people of
Florida any longer; when it appeared that not a
man could leave his home without danger of an at-
tack, and where no citizen was safe, but in a
walled town? He sincerely hoped there would be
no objection to taking up the bill.
Mr. COLES did not rise for the purpose of dis-
cussing the merits of the bill referred to by the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs,
who seemed to be of opinion that it would not oc-
cupy the time of the House. He (Mr. C.) was of
a very different opinion. He considered the bill
by no means simple in its provisions, but very in-
tricate indeed, and which must necessarily create
discussion. As for the communications from the
Secretary of War, he did not consider the informa-
tion transmitted of that importance which required
immediate action, especially when it was considered
that so many other subjects were demanding our
attention. He hoped the House would not consent
at pesent to go into committee on that bitl.
Mr. PROFFIT having called for the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules, they were
ordered, and were—yeas 110, nays 94. So the
rules were not suspended, there not being two-
thirds.
I Mr. W. THOMPSON inquired of the Chair
whether it would be in order to suspend the rules
for ihis day only; if so, he made that motion.
Mr. ATHERTON suggested to the gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Thompson] that, if he
would permit the business to take its regular or-
der, his object could be accomplished much sooner.
This was resolution day; and, if he would permit
resolutions to be received, that which he gave no-
tice, on Saturday, he would offer this day, for the
repeal of the rule, could be adopted in a very few
minutes, and it would then require but a majority
to go into committee on the Florida bill, instead of
two-thirds. But if this resolution was not passed
to-day, to give it into the power of the members
\ of the House to take up whatever bill it pleased,
it would not again be in order for two weeks to
offer it, wi-hout a suspension of the rules, which
would require a vote of two-thirds. Therefore,
those who are in fact in favor of passing upon the
Florida bill immediately, and without delay, would
accomplish that object by voting against suspend-
ing rutes at that time, for the purpose of passing
the resolution indicated by him, so as to put it in
the power of a majority of the House to take up
the bill at any time. He hoped the House would
not suspend the rules till the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. THOMPSON moved to suspend the rules
for this day; and on that motion demanded the yeas
and nays; which were ordered and were—yeas
116, nays 85.
So the House refused to suspead the rules.
Mr. HUNT said whatever might be the views
of gentlemen as to the policy of the managment of
war, there could be butone view as to the sufferings
of the people of Florida. He therefore moved to
suspend the rules for two hours.
Mr PROFFIT demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were ordered.
Mr. PETRIKÍN submitted whether it was in or-
per to make this motion to suspend the rules
for two hours, the House having refused twice ta
suspend for any time, on the principle that the ma-
jor absorbed the minor proposition These motions
were evidently made to was* the time of the
House, and to prevent action on the resolution of
Mr. Atherton, which proposed to place it to lB«
power of a majority of the House to take up this
bill, oí any other bill they may wi-h. This sudden
sympathy by the Whig party for the suffering peo-
ple pf Florida was as unusual as it wa  u«wtar|l
