43ft
---------     m      '          *                         ■■*' !"■
to them; and it was merely feigned for the
occasion, to defeat the resolution above indicated,
which, it it were passed, would place the business of
the nation in the hands of a majority of the
Representatives of the people, and thus take it out
of the hands of this factious minority, who are now
trying to defeat the resolution by the power they
hav* under the rules—the power which it is pro-
posed by the resolution to be repealed to-day. If
the rules were to be suspended for two hours, or
for the whole day, they would get up a debate on
the bill and stare it off, for the purpose of defeat-
ing other legislation. The people understand this
stratagem of that party, and he hoped that the pro-
position to suspend the rules would be voted down,
as it ought to be, by those who are sincerely sym-
pathizing with the suffering people of Florida, and
who are anxious now, as they have been anxious
at other sessions, as well as at the early part of this
session, to pass measures to alleviate their suffer-
ings; but the majority of the House are powerless,
and will remain so until the resolution to alter the
rules, which is proposed to be offered by the gen-
tleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Athsrton] to-
day , shall be passed.
The CHAIR decided that the motion to suspend
the rules for a given time was in order.
The yeas and nays having baen ordered on the
motion to suspend the jrules, were—yeas 101, nays
98.
So the Home refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. TRIPLET!*, in accordance with notice
previously given, moved to suspend the rules to
enabfe him to report the bill amendatory  f the act
granting pre-emption rights to the settlers on the
public land>; which was passed by the House a
few davs aeo.
Mr. ATHERTON inquired of the Chair whether
it would not be in order for the gentleman to report
th« bill when his State was called, without any sus-
pension of rules.
The CHAIR replied that it would.
Mr. TRlPLETr d-mand-d the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered, were—yeas 72, nays
121.
So the House refused to suspend the rules.
Mr. CU3HING, after some preliminary re-
marks, moved a reconsideration of the vote by
which, on Saturday last, the House decided that
the report of Mr. Hillen, from the Committee on
Commerce, in relation to the pilot law, should be
received as the report of the majority thereof.
Mr. C. explained that, when he voted, on Satur-
day, he considered he was voting on the point of
order, aad not on the merns of ihe bill. If that
vote was to be considered as deciding the merits of
the bill, he should wish to change his vote; as, al-
though he agreed with ihe point of order, he was
against the bill. With the exception of some
three or four gentlemen, h« was surprised to see
that the vote on Saturday was a pure party ques-
tion. How that was, he did not preien 1 to say;
but he moved to reconsider the vote, with a view of
glvins gentlemen an opportunity of again examin-
ing the matter. Mr. C. at some length, adverted
to the extreme inconvenience of many of the rules
in Jefferson'.? Manual, whish had been adopted by
the House.
Mr. CLIFFORD moved the previous question
on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. GRINNELL moved a call of the Hou-e,
and on ihat motion demanded the yea? an I nays;
which being ordered, were—yeas 26, nays 128.
So the call wa' not ordered.
Mr. PROFFIT moved to lay the whole subject
on the table, and on that motion demanded the yeas
and nays, which were ordered, and resulted—yeas
70, nays 120.
So the Hi-use refused to lay it on the table.
The question then recurred on the second to the
previous question.
Mr. PROFFIT having demanded tellers to as-
certain that fact; and Messrs. Chapman of Alaba-
ma and W. C. Johnson having been, appointed
ancb, reported that there were ayes 112, noe? 51.
So the previous qaestion having received a se-
cond—and the question, on ordering the main ques-
tion, being next in order,
jllr. PROFFIT demanded the  yeas and n
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
which having beenordered, were—yeas 118, nays
69.
So the House having determined that the main
question should be then put—which main question
was, Shall the vote oa the reception of the report
be reconsideredl
! Mr. PROFFIT called for the yeas and nays;
which, having been ordered, were—yeas 84, nays
,    108
So the House refused to reconsider the vote—
I Mr. Coshing, who made the motion to reconsider,
: i having voted against it.
¡     The House took its usual recess at half past two
,. o'clock.
I                            EVENING SESSION.
i     After the recess,
11     The SPEAKER resumed the chair.
''      Mr. SMITH of Maine rose to ask if resolutions
1 were then in order, from the State of Maine.
' ¡      The SPEAKER answered in the affirmative.
!      Mr. SMITH.   Then I wish to offer the follow-
ing resolutioa, which I desire may be read by the
Clerk.
Mr. STANLY moved to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH.   I have the floor, and do not yield
| it for the motion to adjourn.
Mr. STANLY insisted on having his motion to
adjourn put.
The SPEAKER decided that the motion to ad-
journ could not be entertained,  inasmuch as the
gentleman from Nonh Carolina had no right to
I    the door to make the motion, the floor being in ihe
possession of the gentleman from Maine.
j       Mr. SMITH said he was certainly entitled to the
!   floor, and so long as he kept it, no gentleman could
|    make any motion.    He had ri«en in the first place
and a'ked the Speaker if resolutions were in order
1  from Maine.   The Spkaker. replied in the affirma-
tive.    That being the case, he now offered  the
resolution he held in his hand, and on it he move I
the previous question.
Mr. PROFFIT rose to a point of order. The
gentleman from Maine could not offer a resolution,
and move the previous question upon it before the
resolution was read.
Mr. EVANS said he wished also to state a ques-
tion of order.
Mr. DROMOOOLE objected to more than one
question,of order being entertained at a time.
The SPEAKER said that the point or rrder of
the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Evans] coul I not
be entertained until after the point of order raised
by the gentleman from Indiana should have been
disposed of.
After some remarks from Mr. BELL in relation
to the ru'es for governing such proceedings,
Mr. EVANS persisted in urging his objection,
which was, that the rule required the Speaker to
1    call for resolutions, whereas the gentleman  [Vir.
Smith]  had offered the «solution without such
call.
The SPEAKER acain reminded Mr. Evans
' that but one questien of order could be raised at a
1    time.
In relation to the point of order raised by Mr.
1 Proffit, afier some further debate,
' The SPEAKER decided that it had been his first
I impression that the spirit of the 23d rule required a
' resolution to lay over, if any member intimated a
1 wish to debate it, although the previous question
had been called. But in compliance with numr-
1 rous suggestions from members in the House, the
I practice had been changed, and it was decided on
. the Monday before, on ihe Cumberland road me-
i morial, that if the previous question were called
i and seconded, the memorial would not lie over, al-
I though a member expressed the wish to debate the
¡ motion to commit win instructions, because the
¡ frevious question would cut off such debate, should.
I   the main question be ordered.
From this decision, Mr. PROFFIT took an ap-
|   peal, which appeal the Speaker decided was not
then in order.
Mr. SMITH explained that the resolution he
offered was the resolution of which notice had
been given on Saturday by the gentleman from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Athmton ] Mr. S. con-
tended that although the notice had been given by
a member from another State, yet he, with the
■                                  i      i
I  permission of that member, had a right to submit
i   ihe resolution.
Mr. ATHERTON here stated that he had given
his consent.
The SPEAKER decided Ihat the gentleman from
Maine had no u^ht to offer a resolution, notice of
which hid been given by a member (rom another
State.
From this decision Mr. SMITH took an appeal,
and on that appeal moved the pievious question;
which being seconded, the main question was or-
dered, and being put, the decision of the Chair was
not sustained—yeas 89, nays 92.
The SPEAKERjwas about to divide the House
to ascertain whether the previous question was de-
manded, when
Mr. BELL submitted the following as a question
i  of or>ler:
j t      " The gentleman from Maine offered a resolu-
!   tion, and,  before it was read  or  stated from the
, i   chair,  moved the previous question.    The point
of order was, that it was not in order to move the
previous question on a resolution before it was read
or ¡«taU-d from the chair."
The SPEAKER stated Ihat it wasfcn conformity
wuh the former decision and practice of the House,
to move the previous question when the resolution
was moved, for the reason that the member who
offered the resolution was entitled to the floor upon
it before any other could obum it; and therefore
it saved u-ne, without violating the right of any
other member, to enable him to offer the resolution,
and rail ih>- pievious question at the same instant,
without going through the form of announcing tha
proposition before the floor wa/given him to de-
mand the previous question upon it.
From this decision Mr. BELL took an appeal.
The qu«Mion being on the appeal of Mr. Bell,
Mr. CLARK moved a call of the House.
On that motion Mr. PROFFIT demanded the
I  yeas and nays, which being ordered,  were—yeas
43, nays 139.
¡      So the call was not ordered.
T.ie question was then taken on the appeal, and
i  being put as fo'low*:  "Shall the decision of the
1'  Chair stand?" it parsed in the affirmative—yeas
¡   118, nays 85.
YEAS—Messrs. Atherton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black,
Blackwell, lioyd, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burks,
Sampson It Hutlei, William O Butler, Bynum, Carr, Car-
ro'], C.i-ey, Plnpm in, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Connor, Mark
A Cooper, Craig, Crockett, Cross, Dana, Uavee, John Davis,
John W. Davis, Dickerson, Doan. Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Kail, Entinto, E.y, F.etcher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith,
C' rry, Gntlin, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins,
Hill ol North Carolina, Hillen, Holleman, Holmes, Hook,
Hopkins, Howard. Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph John-
son, Cave lulmson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keira,
Kille, Leadbnter, Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas,
McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Maltory, Marchand, Med] 11,
Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, New-
h.trd, Parrish, Parmenter, Parris, Paynter, Fetrikin, Pickens,
Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives, Edward Rogers,
Ryali, Samuels, Shaw, Albert pmiih, John Smith, Thomas
Smith, Staikweathei, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Swearingen,
Sweney, Taylor, Philip F. Tilomas, Jacob Thompson,
Turnpy, Vanderpoel, Vroom, David D. Wagener, Watter-
«on, Weller, Wick, J.W.. Williams, Henry Williams, Jo-
seph L. Williams, and Worthington—118.
NAYS—Me«srs. Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Birnanl, Hell, Bond, Bn;gs, Brockway, Calhoun, John Camp-
bell, Carter, Chinn, Clark, James Cooper, Crabb, Curtis,
Cushina. Davies, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis,
Dellet, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Gentry, Giddings,
(Joegin, Goode, Graham, Graves, Green, Grinnell, Habersham,
Hall, William is. Hastings, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman,
Hum, James, Charles Johnston, Kempshall,Lincoln, Marvin,
Mason, Mitchell, Morgan, Calvary Morris, Naylor, Niabel,
O^le, CKbome, Pope, Promt, Randall, Randolph, Rayner,
Reed, Rulaway, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Slade, Truman
Smith, Stanly, Stoirs, Stuart, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson,
Tillinghast, Toland, Triplett, Tmmbull, Underwood, Peter J.
Wagener, Wirren, Edward D White, John White, Thomas
W. "Williams, Lewis Williams, and Christopher H. Wil-
liams—85.
Mr. BELL then demanded that the question, .
"Will the House now consider the resolution," be
put, and stated that he desired to debate the reso >
lution. He abo demanded that under the 22d
rule, wh.cn piovideslhat "all resolutions that give
ri-e to debate, shall lie over for ili^cussion," &c.
the resolution should lie over.
The SPEAKER Jecided that the call of the pre-
vious quc-tii n diJ not deprive any other member
of the neht to raise the question of consideration.
This could not be demanded according to rule, until
ihe proposition was announced, and the mover of
!' wie   proposition might  defeat   this indispensable
•
