«9t
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Branch Mint at New Orleans,) are to perform the
dnttta of receivers general at those respective
places, in addtttoa to their present duties.
Lei as now tee how these tour officers are to bo
appointed. The* are to bo nominated by the Pre-
sident aad ©ooomed by the Sena*e. They aie to
he selected troca the whole people of this Union,
far tkotr weight of character, their standing in so-
ciety, their thorough and efficient biuioess habits,
and, in a word, for their qualifications lor such re-
sponsible stations. Will it be said here, sir, as has
been declared by tan gentleman from Connecticut,
that mere political partisans will be selected,
thai qoaUficniioas will not be taken into the ac-
eennt.bnt that he who has woked the hardest and
vnUed the trneet, will receive the nomination to the
Senator Bur, lot mo tell gvnt'emen that were I the
President of these United 8*ate$, I would recom-
mend no man to an office of this importance, who
had not worked hard and putted true in the Demo-
cratic ranks. Yen, sir; palled true through the
whole of his political life, or else should give inch
evidences of a tree conversion to the Dsmecratie
faith, as would leave no fears of hi  backsliding;
and, air, when I say this, I should have no appre-
hension* that any one who was not honest, not per-
fectly upright, not fully qualified for the station,
would be recommended by the President. Is it :o
be tnppowd wat among the hundreds of thousands
of Democrats who are seauered throughout the
whole extent of this Republic, there cannot be
fband four, whose honesty, integrity, and capabili-
ty are snAeiently elevated to make them fit nomi-
nees for the station? No one would undertake to
entertain n donbt upon the subject. Sir, I have not
thai hotror of party men which some gentlemen
less to nave. I see nothing unbecoming the in-
of men for those who entertain the
i pohtjeel principles, to concert as to the best
; to cairry out those principles. 1 see no-
thing improper in their comparing views, and
tg«—"«f; upon the plans of operation. I can disco-
ver nothing censurable in adhering to these plans,
aad supporting those men for public stations,
who will sustain those principles; and, sir, I
should view it to be a duty which the Presi-
dent owed, not only to himself, but to his political
friends, that he should nominate his own support-
era to ill these office*. Besides, sir, what ooject
eonld a President of these United States have in
appointing to such a station a bad and unqualified
unaa7 Sir, let a President of this great people be
•ver no ambitious and corrupt, he would never
ventare to nominate to the Senate one whom he
did not himself fully believe to be both honest and
ttp*1*1*; for his own prudence, his love for his
•wn reputation, if nothing else, would deter him
from panning such a course. And, sir, when we
have in the chair of state a man of wisdum and
integrity, as I trust and fully believe we now have,
we eaa hove no apprehension that one unsuitable,
m any particular, would receive a nomination.
But, sir, let it be borne in mind that these offi-
cers are not to be umtinUi by the President. They
are to be nominated by him, aad, before they can
be commissioned, have to pats through the ordeal
•f the Senate, and be confirmed there. Id that
body, second to none perhaps in the world, the
whole character of the nominees, and their fitness
for the stations, can be fully and freely discussed.
Nor is it believed that any one, who is incompe-
tent or unfit for the place, would receive a confir-
mation. In making the selections, then, we have
not only the knowledge, experience, and skill of
the President, bat a full review by the Senate, be-
fore a raüneatkm of the nominations.
Let us now examine the guards which this bill
throws around the conduct and course of these of-
fteexa.   By the seventh section, it is provided, that
they "shall respectively give bonds to the   United
Stales, in such form, and for such amounts as shall
be directed by the Secretary of the Treasury, by
and with the advice and consent of the President,
with sureties to the satisfaction of toe Solicitor of
tk« Treasury; and shall, from time to time, renew,
atreagthen,aod increase their official bonds, as the
Secretary of the Treasury, with content of the
TimUmt, majr direct."   Not only, then, do they
heve to be •oaAraed by the Senate, after their selec-
tion by the President, but they have to pass
through another trial, that of procuring sureties to
their large and heavv oficial bonds, which are re-
quired to be signed by men whose iespuui>ibihty
khatl be unquestioned. Now, sir, is it to be sup-
posed that they will be able to obtain such satisfac-
tory sureties, unless their honesty and integrity is
beyon t all suspicion and reproach? What man of
re&^ontábiltty would sign srch bonds, unless he be-
lieved his principal to possess a ciiarac.er lor bu-
siness and uprightness that could not in any way
be impugned?   No one, sir, no one.
But the security stops not here. The twelfth
section of the bill substantially provides, that the
Secretary of the Treasury shall have power to
cause an examination .o be made at any time
in>o the books, accounts, and all matters and things
connected with these officers. And not only has
the Secretary of the Treasury this general power, as
given by the twelfth section, out the thirteenth
section exp.-essly provides, that it ¡.nail be the duty
of each naval officer and surveyor, uf each register
of a land office, of th« director and superintendent
of each mint, that they may act a* checks upon
their several depositories, at the close of each
quarter of the year, and as much more frequently
as they shall be directed by the Secretary of Trea-
sury to do so, to examine the books, accounts, re-
turns, and money on h id of (heir several deposi-
tories, and to make a .ill, accurate, and faithful
return to the Treasury Department of their condi-
tion.
And here, sir, it might be supposed, by those
who believe in the common honesty of man, that
the bill might stop—that men who are honored
with the confidence of the President—who receive
not only his approval, but whose characters and
qualifications pass through the close renew and
strict scrutiny of the Senate-, who, after being com 
missioned, are compelled to call upon their friends
to stake their all as guarantees for their fidelity, and
who are subjected to a general and special super-
vision of all their acts, might be trusted, without
going further. But such is not the case. In addi-
tion to all the previous precautions and guards, the
17th section rec aires that these officers shall keep
an accurate entry of eash sum received, of the kind
of money in which it is received, and of each pay-
ment or transfer, and of the kind of currency in
which it is made. And, sir, as if " to make as-
surance doubly sure," it further provide*, " That
if any one of the said officers, or of those connected
with the Poet Office Department, shall convert to
his own use, in any way whatever, or shall use, by
way of investment in act kind of property or mer-
chandise, or shall loan, with or without interest,
any portion ef the public moneys entrusted to him
for safekeeping, disbunement, transfer, or for
any other purpose, every such act shall be
deemed and adjudged to be an embezzlement of
so much of the said moneys as shall be thus
taken, converted, invested, used, or loaned, which
is hereby declared to be felony; and any officer or
agent of the United States, and all persons advising
or participating in boch act, being convicted thereof
before any court of the United States of competent
jurisdiction, shall be sentenced to imprisonment for
a term of not less than six months nor more
than five years, and to a fine equal to the amount
embezzleaV*
With these four officers thus appointed, and
around whom so many guards and checks are
thrown, together with the Treasurers of the Mints
at Philadelphia and New Or'eans, who are to give
similar bonds and be subject to similar scrutiny
and penal provisions, are the moneys of the United
States to be deposited, instead of the United States
and other Banks as heretofore. With them the
several collectors aad all officers of the Govern-
ment of every character and description who recive
money for the Government and reside in the seve-
ral districts where these offices are situated, are
required to deposite with the receiver general of
their respective locations, at least as often as once
a week, and as much more frequently as they shall
be directed, all moneys which they may collect.
Upon there officers, with the funds in hand, the
Secretary of the Treasury can draw his drafts, and
every clasand grade of the public creditors receive
their pay at such pomis as they may be best ac-
commodated.
With regard to the provisions of this bill, a great
mistake has pervaded the public mind. To whom
this is  o be attributed is, peí haps, not for me to
say. I cannot forbear remarking, however, that
in many sections of fue country the Opposition
pre-*, either from ignorance or from some other
cause not &o excusable, have endeavored to create
the impres.ion that the public iunds were to be
scattered in a manner wholly unprecedented,
among an almost innumerable number of officers,
unsafe and irresponsible. Even every deputy
postmaster hat been heralded forth as a Sub-Trea-
surer.
But, sir, I believe I have shown that this bill
creates four new offices, and four only, who are de-
nominateu receivers general. I have shown, too,
that with these officers, and the two treasurers of
the mints at Philadelphia and New Orleans, are to
be deposited, forthwith, all the moneys, of the Go-
veninent collected in their respective locations.
This, with ihe exception of receipts by deputy post-
masters, will embrace almost the entire amount of
the collections of the Government.
1 wish now, sir, to examine 'je arrangements of
the Post Office Department, as they will be under the
provisions of this bill, and compare them with the
former practice, that we may see how its funds art
to be managed, and with hew much truth these
all'jations are made against this Department.
There are, I believe, some '.'.urteen thousand depu.
ty postmasters in the United States at the present
time. Of the'e about eleven thousand will pay
over immed ately, as they now do, on each quar-
ter day, t'ie amount in their hands, to the contrac-
tors on the rout's wha.e the post offices are esta-
blished—the contactors having an order to
that effect. The others, be n^ the larger of-
fices, and siiv.'. d in fie neighborhood of
the receivers general, are to deposite with them;
the moneys to be kept in a separate account
from the other money of the Government,
and to be used by the Postmaster General where
they shall be nreded. So that, by the operations
of this bill, the money is to be taken from the
hands of the deputy postmasters, immediately upon
its collection. If one dollar is appropriated by
them to their own use, we have seen that, by the
provisions of the 17ih section, they thereby subject
themselves 'o fine and imprisonment. Now, sir,
how has it been coder former arrangements? Al-
most the en ire amount w..s depos ted in banks,
scattered lhrougho.it the country, and the balance
paid by drafts in favo, of contrae ors. The Me-
tropolis Bank, situate I in this city, collected of the
other banks the sums deposited wita them, and paid
many of the coa tractors here. Under such an ar-
rangement, depoty postmasters, situated in remote
places, in many insta ices retained the funds in
their hands Tor we*ks. The g~ í'.'eman from Con-
necticut states that many of these became default-
ers. This I do not deny. But, sir, I contend that
the provisions of this bill will be effectual to pre-
vent such delinquencies for the future. The banks,
too, could re'ain '  em, enjoying the benefits not
only of the deposites, but of paying out their own
bills to cont sctors; the Government, in the mean
time, having no a (equate t>ecuiiiy therefor. With
how much truth, then, can it be alleged that depu-
ty postmasters, by the provisions of this bill, are to
have any more control over the moneys that pass
through their hands than heretofore, when, in
fact, they do not have so much, and are guarded
by much more strict provisions of law?
Let us now look, for a moment, to the situation
of the public moneys when deposited in the United
States Bank. During the time of the deposite of Ihe
moneys of the Government in that institution, all the
revenues of the country, whether collected upon
imports of goods, or from the sales of the public
lands, or from whatever source, were deposited
there. These moneys, amojnting to hundreds of
millions, during the series of years that they were
deposited in that institution, were'taken by the
Bank, and discounted upon to its customers and of-
ficers. It is believed that, in many instances, those
collected at New York, which amounted to a great
portion of the whole, were shipped to England, to
