CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
437
form there a fund by which the Bank could deal in
exchanges from country to country. In fact, the
moneys and whole treasure of the nation were un-
der the entire control of the Bank, and were used
by it as suited the pleasure of its officers. It is
true that the drafts of the Government in favor of
its creditors were paid by the Bank; and it is also
true that these drafts were paid in the notes of the
Bask.
And now, sir, let me ask, will not the monny of
mis Government be as safe under the provisions of
this bill as when deposited in the United Slates
Bank?   Will it not be as secure from felons with"   .
out or felons within?    Will it not be 'as  well
protected by the bolts and bars and vaults in the
buildings provided for the receivers general, as in a
bank?   And may it not, with the strongest confi-
dence, be asserted, that men appointed as these of-
ficers are required to be, and surrourded by checks,
by bonds, by penal laws, who have not only the
reputation and interests of those who have re-
posed confidence in them at stake, but their own
personal honor, honesty, and even liberty, involved,
will be at honest and as trustworthy as a corporal ion
without soul, and with no object in view but the
distribution of dividends and the accumulation of a
surplus?   The receiver general has the honor of
his Government at stake—the bank the interests
of its stockholders.   The receiver general has every
inducement that a man can have to be faithful and
honest—the bank has but one only, that of inte-
rest.   The receiver general is a man, with all the
feelings of a man, with hopes and fears, and all the
sensibilities of a responsible being—the bank is a
body politic and corporate, a mere machine, with
individual responsibility resting upon no one. But,
•ays the gentleman from Connecticut, Swartwout
absconded.   True, sir; he deserted the Democratic
party, joined the Conservatives, and ran away
with the money.   Tis to prevent a repetition of si-
milar occurrences that this bill  is needed.    Had
such a law as this bill proposes to enact been in
force, that money would never have been lost to
this people.
Bat, sir, let us go a little more into par-
ticulars, and see the situation of the funds of
the Government, while in the bands of the United
States Bank. I will not discuss the exclusive pri-
vileges which the Bank enjoyed, and the immense
dividends which it made during the continuation of
its charter. It is sufficient for my purpose to ex-
amine into the scurity of the public moneys while
under its control.
The capital of that institution, it will be recol-
lected, was thirty-five millions; seven millions be-
longed to the Unit id State?,and the remaining twenty-
eight milli ms to the stockholders,^, 405,500 of which
was publicly owned by foreigners.   It bad twenty-
five directors, five of whom were appointed by the
President of the United States, and the remainder
were chosen by the stockholders.    It will  be vary
easy to conceive that this Bank could be entirely
controlled by a foreign Government; for notwith-
standing   the   charter   provides   that   no   per-
son not a   citizen of  the United   States   sir 11
be a director, and  that no foreign   siockhC^r
should have a   vote in the  choice of directors,
yet    how   ea^y  would   it   be   for   the   foreign
stockholders to transfer their stock for the time be-
ing to citizens of the United States, and have di-
rectors chosen to suit themselves?    And, sir, in
case of a war with a forei* v power, where would
the funds of oor own Government be?   What con-
trol could five Government  directors have over
twenty others?   Who can answer that the Bank
would not suspend specie payments, and the nation
at once become bankrupt?   Who can tell what
would become, not only of the Government depo-
sies, but of the Government stock, even?    Is it
said thai no ciiizers of this country could be found
who would lead themselves to such devices?   Sir,
I should hope there could not be; but when we re-
flect upon some of scenes that occurred during the
last war of this country wish England, when we
remember that the Legislature of one of the States
of this Union could so far forget i'self, and the du-
ties it owed to this Government, as to pass a reso-
lution, that it was unbecoming a moral an J religious
people to rejoice at our Tictories, as was done by
the Federal Legislature of Massachusetts in June,
1813, it is not too much to believe that, in times of
high excitement, men might be found who would
lend themselves to almost any or every thing, to
accomplish their ends.
But, sir, let us proceed a little further. In De-
cember, 1834, a committee of the Senate of the
United States, previous'y appointed to investigate
the affairs and conduct of the Bank, made a re-
port. To some of the facts contained in that re-
port, I desire to call the attention of gentlemen; and
I desire that they will bear in mind that this re-
port, and the facts therein stated, are based upon
an actual examination of the books and papers of
the Bank.
It will be recollected that during the session of
Congress which comm*ne?d in December, 1831,
and contained till the 16th of July, 1832, the Bank
applied to Congress for a new charter. It will be
recollected, also, that Congress yielded to the ap-
plication, and passed a bill rechartering the Bank
during that session, and that General Jackson ve-
toed it. It will also be remembered, that in the
summer and fall of 1832, tie elections for members
of the next Congresswere held, and also that the
Presidential election took place in the autumn of
the same year. Now, sir, what was the course of
the Bank during that campaign? Why, sir, in the
last six months of that year, it expended sixteen
thousand four hundred and ninety-nine dollars
and ninety-four cents, for (as the committee called
it) " extraordinary printing." And what was this
extraordinary punting? Sir, .let me read some of
the details to gentlemen:
"Jesper Harding, for printing review of the veto,
and expenses incident thereto, and 200 handbills
ordered by Col. J—         -          -       -     #821 78
Ed ward OJmsfead, bank documents  -     $624 11
4,000 Ewing's speech, Webster's speech, and
other documents, relating to the Bank  -  $323 88
Edward Olmstead, printing review     -   0418 25
Wm. Fry, printing two editions of questions and
answers        ....       $304 84
22,300 copies of Webster's speech on the veto
message        -                                        $892 00
40,800 copies of Webster's speech on the veto
message        ....     $816 00"
"John Metcalfe of Kentucky, for printing 1,400
extra copies of Protector, containing sundry bank
document n- and articles in favor of Bank, and
analysis of veto message      -          -    $295 00"
"D. N. Hewlings, for printing Webster's
speech                                                    250 00"
"R. Coneynham, for printing Mr. Webster's
speech        ....       $200 00"
"Thomas Clarke, for printing Webster's speech,
and oiher articles on veto message, and distributing
them        ....        $1,512 75
Sergeant Hall, printing Webster's speech, and
other articles in Schuylkill County Advocate,
etc                                                      $100 00"
"Nathan Hale, printing 40,000 capies - ** Web-
ster's speech at Worcester Convention, 12,500 co-
pies Webster's speech on Bank veto, and stitching,
boxes, freight by packet and stages, packing, and
sending away       -          .           -       $2,422 65"
"R. Bannan, for printing extracts ot Webster's
speech, and other articles in English and German,
on the veto message, and distribution    -   $200 00
Conrad Zentler, for publishing in German ex-
tracts of Webster's speech, and other publications,
and distributing them        -          -       $566 40"
Sir, I could proceed, but I will not detain the
committee in enumerating the remaining items.
Those who have a curiosity and are not already
familiar with ¡he transactions, can look them over at
their leisure. They can examine not only the several
items and see to whom the amounts were paid,
but they can notice the prices also. They will find
that in one case twenty-one cents were paid for
each single copy of a newspaper.
Again, sir, how was it in 1834? In this year
also a new Congress was to be elected. The char-
ter of the Bank was to expire in March, 1836, and
unless this Congress could be chosen favorable to
the institution, unless the people could be suffi-
ciently enlightened to elect Bank men, the die was
cast and the charter must expire. This wa* indeed
a desperate effort, and how unscrupulously the
means of the Bank were used, let the fads stated in
this report answer. In six months of that year,
during the long session of Congress, the Bank
spent twenty-four thousand two hundred and fifty-
two dollars and fifty-one cents. And what was it
for? Sir, it was for speeches and documents favo-
rable to the Bank and Bank party. The account
is a long one or I would read it all. It was for the
speeches of Mr. Webster, Mr. Clay, Mr.
Adams, M,. Southard, Mr. Binney, and other
distinguished gentlemen of the Opposition party.
Seventy five thousand copies of Mr. Web-
ster's speeches were taken at one time, besides
many thousands at other times; fifty thousand of
Mr. Adams's at one time; twenty-five thousand of
Mr. Clay's at another, and fifty thousand of Mr.
Binney's at another. And, sir, during these six
months, the Bank took, of líese speeches and do-
cuments, if I have added them correctly, no less
than 649,500. Sir, how many voters were therein
the whole Union at that time? If we suppose the
whole population 'o be thirteen millions, and one
in every five of that number to be a voter, we
shall have two millions, six hurdred thousand vo-
ters—and, sir, about one speecn to every four vo-
ters ef the whole United States. Will gentlemen
undertake to justify such a course? Will they say
that it is all a "fair business transaction?" and that
the Bank.in purchasing political speeches sufficient
to supply every family in the Republic, is confin-
ing itself within its proper sphere?
In looking over this account for "extraordinary
printing" for these six months in 1834, when near-
ly twenty-five thousand dollars are expended in so
short a time, for 649,500 Bank speeches, it will
perhaps be a matter of no little surprise to some,
to find that nothing, no, sir, not even a farthing,
is charged for distributing them. In the six months
of 1832, above alluded to, several items of charge,
amounting to some hundreds of dollars, are to be
found for distribution; and the question very na-
turally arises, why, in the six months of 1833,
these charges should be made, while in 1834, not a
dollar should be expended for that purpose? Sir, I
will undertake to solve the matter. The reason
which I shall give, may be an erroneous
one, but, nevertheless, it is that which has suggested
itself to me. During the six months alluded to in
1832, Congress was not in session. It was the
latter half of the year; but in the six' months of
1834, when these 649,500 speeches were bought
by the Bank, Congress was in session, and many,
if not all, of these very speeches were then made.
Sir, were they scattered abroad throughout the
country, under the franks of gentlemen then mem-
bers of Congress? Was the Bank of the United
States then furnishing funds to purchase the
speeches of its political friends, and were those'
triends distributing those speeches by virtue of the
franking privilege which tbey enjoyed? Were the
Bank and the Opposition acting in concert—schem-
ing together, planning together? Were they bound
by the same ties, united by the same interests, and
engaged in the same league against Gen. Jackson
and the Administration party? Sir, I will not un-
dertake to answer the questions; I will leave it for
those who have a more familiar and intimate ac-
quaintance with that institution and its manage-
ment than I have.
But, sir, this is not all. I have before stated that
the United States cwned one-fifth of the capital
stock of this Bank; of course one-fifth of all the
expenditures of the institution were borne bv the
Government; and, consequently, of the $24,953 51
expended for "extraordinary printing," in six
months only of 1834, one-fifth, or $4,850 50, was
the money of the people of these States. By mis
"extraordinary" management of the Bank, not
only do we find it entering the arena of polities,
and waging war against the Administration, bat
actually compelling the Government, by the cen-
tral which it had over its means, to contribute, is
the short space of six months, the sunt .ot
$4,850 50 to purchase the speeches of political
partisans, with which to carry on operations
against the Government itself—y«s  «f, compelled
tó furnish the very weapons with which it wm to
receive the stabs of its enemies.
Sir, gentlemen may wish to know the aggregate.
