438
«mount which was expended in this extraordinary
manner. I will give it to them as staled in this re-
port. It was $94,708 25-, one-fifth of which, let it
not be forgotten, was the money of this Govern-
ment.
I wish to call attention to another fact stated in
this repo.t. Under the head of "Loans made by
Bank of United States and officer? to members of
Congress," I find that, during the session of Con-
gress in 1834, when so many of these speeches
were made and purchased, members of Congress
■were indebted to the Bank in 'he sum of $238,586.
On going back to 1831,1 find that this indebtedness
amounted to $322,199; and, in 1832, to the very
moderate sum of $478,069. Upon this, sir, I will
make no comment; I will let the facts speak for
themselves. 1 will simply observe, as before stated,
that it was in the session of ISSl-'Sa, that the ap-
plication was made by the Bank for a new charter,
and that a bill for that purpose actually passed
both branches of Congress during that session, and
would have been fastened upon this people, be-
yond all hope of redemption, had not Andrew
Jackson vetoed that bill.
One thing more and I am done with this report.
"We have, during the past few years, heard much ¡
said about the manner in which the Bank has ¡
tampered with the public press, and of the favors ' j
and accommodations extended to editors of news- [ i
papers in various sections.   1 do not propose to go ] I
over these in detail, as set forth in this report.    I
will allude to one case only—I mean the National
Intelligencer, published in this city.   At  the time
this report was made in 1834,  this establishment.,
was indebted to the Bank in the sum of $57,107;
and sir, if I am not misinformed, the records of this
city now show a deed from that establishment to the
Bank, of type, press, and alj.   So that even now,
the head of the Opposition press, which is doing
battle most manfully under the Harrison and Tyler
flag, is owned by the Bank.
"What the private management and conduct ol
the Bank have been since it passed beyond the
reach of inspection by the people, of course can-
not be known.
I do not undertake to say that it is now more
active, more desperate, more unscrupulous in fur-
ni«hing funds in this, it  death struggle, than ever;
that if success attends its efforts, a recharter is the
reward, and it is again triumphant; that if a failure
ensues, it may as well go down with a loud crash
as with a small one. I do not undertake to say,
that so wrapped up in the fate of that institution
are the interests of some of the leading Opposition
politicians of the country, that they are virtually
pledged for a recharter. I charge not that its fo-
reign stockholders, recollecting the palmy days of
immense dividends, are now pouring in their mo-
ney, to influence our elections and break down
the Democracy of eur country. I do not under- j
take to say that British influence and British mo-
ney are now actively employed to crush the ad-
ministration of this Government, that the Federal
party may be brought into power, and the State
debts held abroad be forced upon, and assumed by
the General Government But, Sir, should I make
these assertions and charges, I am by no means
certain that I should not be fully justified by the
facts.
Sir, I was not a little amused to hear the gentle-
man from Massachusetts [¡Mr. Coshinq] allude to
the last suspension of the banks in  1839.   1 had
supposed that that gentleman was possessed of a
little too much shrewdness to invoke such facts to
sustain him in his argument.   Sir, does not every
one know—is it not, in fact, a matter of history—
that   the United States Bank,   and its specula-
tions, brought about that suspension?   And does
not   the   gentleman   know    that   it   was   the
banks   of the  city  of New York—ay, sir, the
Democratic city of New York, that prevented the
suspension North and East?   Does he not recol- .
Ject with what subserviency the gallant little State
of Rhode Island, with more banks than she has
towns, whipped in to the track of "the Great Re-
gulator?"   And does, he not know that the banks
of his own prond State were ready, willing^ and.
even anxiow, to follow in the same train, bad they
dared to in opposition to the Democratic city of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
New York? Yes, sir, had they dared to; for, had
they suspended, they well knew that the trade of
the North would have left the city of Boston and
gone to New York.
But, sir, I will pursue these remarks no further;
and I will ask now, where are the moneys of the
people safest? To whom should they rather be en-
trusted? To faithful officers of their own choosing,
surrounded by all the guards and checks that are
wont to insure honesty and fidelity in public ser-
vants, or to an irresponsible and party Bank—a
Bank that has sought, and, perhaps I might add, is
now seeking, not only to control the business and
enterprise of the country, but to govern its whole
civil power?
But, ?ir, the expense, it is said, is a strong objec-
tion to the passage of this bill. Have gentlemen,
who urge this as an objection, carefully «xamired
the various sections of the bill? If so, sir, I should
hardly think they would come to such a conclu-
sion. The offices at Boston and New Yoik, it will
be recollected, are to be kept in the custom-houses
of those cities, buildings belonging to the Govern-
ment. The only expense, then, at those two cities,
for accommodations to transact the business, will
be the procuring of safes, and ihe preparing of
vaults. So it will be, sir, at the mints in Phila-
delphia and New Orleans. So also wil it be at
Charleston, at the custom-house, if re oms in it can
be foucd and obtained. At St. Louis an office
will probably have to be erected; and, perhaps,
also at Chaileston; and for the purchase of sites,
and the erecting of offices at these two places, the
bill apppropriates ten thousand dollars. Under the
provisions of this bill it cannot take but a very
moderate sum to procure the safes and prepare the
office^ in the manner designated. Sir, it may do
very well in electioneering speeches against this
bill, to talk about splendid palaces, and the hun-
dreds of thousands that will have te be expanded to
prepare these offices; but permit me to say, that if
gentlemen are disposed to electioneer in this way,
they must be careful that their constituents never
see or read this bill. They must be careful, also,
not to tell them how much the United States bank-
ing house in Philadelphia cost. They must never
name the $413,081 19, that were expended for that
edifice. They must be careful, also, to keep out
of view the large sums that it cost to erect the nu-
merous branch banks that were scattered through-
out the Union. They must say nothing of the
$116,777 02 that the Boston branch cost; nothing
of the $110,657 34 that the Baltimore branch cost;
nothing of the $87,000 00 that were paid for the
New York brsnch; nothing of the hundreds of
thousands that were paid for the remaining
branches, but most especially nothing of the
$1,221,942 19 (hat the whole cost. And, sir, they
mu^t be still more careful not to inform them that
the United States was charged with one-fifth of the
cost of erecting all these edifices. And so, sir,
with regard to the salaries that are "to be paid to the
receivers general. Gentlemen urge that there is
so much money expended. It is not believed that
they will comp'ain that their salaries are teo
high for the services rendered—at least that com-
plaint has not yet been made—but that so much is
yearly expended. And here let me suggest to them
again, to say nothing of the am sunt paid to the
large number of officers, the presidents, the cash-
iers, the tellers, the book-keepers, the discount
clerks, and other clerks, and messengers of the
United States Bank, and its numerous branches.
Don't tell them,gentlemen,that these twenty-eight in-
stitutions, each of them had a.set of all these officers;
by no means inform them that one-fifth of all the sa-
laries of this large horde of officers was paid by
the Government of the United States; and least of
all, sir, let gentlemen never intimate that the peo-
ple paid one-fifth of all the incidental expenses of
the Bank, and one-fifth of all its " extraordinary
printing."
Will gentlemen say that the Government owns
its share of these edifices? Very true, sir; and so
will the offices of the receivers general be owned by
the Government. There is this slight difference,
however, that while the banking houses cost
$1,221,943 19, the offices of the receivers general
may cost from ten to twenty thousand.
I       But, sir, the great objection after all, which is
urged against this bill, and that which it is asserted
and predicted by the gentleman from Connecticut, is
to ruin the country, is to be found, I suppose, in the
provisions of the 19th section. And what are those
provisions?    Substantially   these; that after   the
30ih   of   June instant, one    fouith   of   the   re-
venues   of  the   Government   shall  be  paid   in
gold and silver; after the 30th of June,   1841,
one-half; after the  30th  of June,   1842,   three-
fourths,   and after the 30th of June,  1843, the
whole shall be paid in that currency.   This, sir, is
the obnoxious section.     It is this operation, if we
are to believe the gentleman, that is to prostrate all
credi'; ruin all business; bankrupt ths  merchant;
throw out of employment the mechanic; stop the
wheels of the manufactory; beggar our planters
and farmers, and drive  to the poorhouse our la-
borers.     Sir, is it possible that the gentleman can
be serious and sincere in his predictions?   Let us
look a little at this mighty section that is to be so
withering in its influences.     For the current year,
it is believed that the revenues of the Government
will amount, in round numbers, to about twenty
millions.     One-fourth of this, or five millions, is
to be collected ia specie.     This is to be  done at
the various receiving offices, in different sections of
the country, at New York, Boston, Philadelphia,&c.
The specie in the country is supposed to amount
to about eighty-five millions; so  that five out of
eighty-five millions are to pass through the receiving
offices   the   present   year.     I   say pass   through,
sir, for it must be borne in mind that it is not to be
collected and hoarded up for private or public spe-
culation—it is not to be lent out to friends, or dis-
counted upon to special fa vorites, but to be paid
out to the creditors of the Government.   The in-
crease is to be gradual for the succeeding years;
and if more specie is needed in the country, de-
pend upon it, sir, you cannot keep it out.   We
have every thing to purchase it with; and it will as
assuredly flow in upon us as that our cotton, wheat,
and tobacco shall continue to grow.   And yet, if
we are to believe the predictions of gentlemen, this
operation is to paralyae all the springs of indus-
try,   and  spread  universal  prostration and dis-
tress throughout the land.    Sir, have  the mus-
cles   of man  become  stiffened,   that   he   can-
not work? Has the sun ceased to pour forth its rays
upon our land? Have the streams that water the
earth become dried up, and has the rain ceased to
fall?   Are the labors of the husbandman not bless-
ed with a reward? Are not the wants of mankind
constantly increasing with an increasing popula-
tion?   Do we not require dwellings to live in and
clothes to wear, as formerly?   And is every thing
to be stopped, prostrated, ruined, and annihilated,
because out of eight-five millions of specie in the'
country, five are to pass through the hands of Go-
vernment officers the coming year?
S¡r, let gentlemen talk about reduction of prices
and the wages of labor as much as they choose.
I can tell them that the farmers and the laboring
men of the country understand that thing perfectly
well. They have heard it before now. They know
that it is a bait with which the Federal party
have sought to entrap them again and again.
There is always a time when that party is exceed-
ingly anxious about the welfare of "the laboring
classes, and they well remember when that time
is—it is just before the elections. Sir, the labor-
ing classes are not to be gulled by any such shallow
device—they know full well that the Democratic
party, made up, to a very large extent, of them-
selves, has always striven to promote their interests
and protect their rights by every possible means.
And they know too, sir, that the only time that the
j    Federal party can descend to notice them, is when
they wish to we them.
Sir, I grant that in the large cities, where the
greater part of our revenues are collected, the
provisions of this section will have a restraining
influence upon banking operations. And, for one,
I trust they will. If the operations of this bill
shall check that mania for speculation and mono-
poly—that thirst for sudden affluence, without cor-
responding effort—I shall rejoice in its effects.
Sir, who is it that, in past years, has scoured our
wheat-growing country, purchased the immense.
