CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
439
crops, and then advanced the price to suit his own
cupidityl It is the bank favorite or bank officer,
who has taken oat of the institutions his hundreds
of thousands of paper to carry on hi*speculations.
Who is it that has suffered by this monopoly? Sir,
it is all branches of community, but none so much
as the poor man, who is suddenly called upon to
pay advanced prices for the actual necessaries of
life, without a coirespondiDg advance in the price
of his labor.
Who is it that has sought to monopolize the cot-
ton trade of the South, and indeed of the world?
Need I tell you that it is the Unfed State* Bank?
Need I tell you that it is beneath that very load
that it is bow staggering? Sir, if banks shall keep
themselves within their proper spheres; if they will
confine their operations to their legitimate objects;
if their paper shall be what it purports to be, the
representative, the true representative of gold and
silver, this bill cannot injure them. Solvent banks
cannot be injuriously affected. It is the insolvent
bank that may feel its power—it is the speculating
institution, whose reins will be checked. Such in-
stitutions may not dare to extend their operations
beyond their legitimate powers, for their bills may
be returned upon them forspecie. And, sir, can any
one who regards the stability of trade and the
honesty of mercantile transactions, regret that such
should be the fact? Can any one who would see in-
dustry and fair dealing triumph over indolence,
improvidence, and gambling, regret the effeets of
such a measure?
Sir, in all the aspees in which I have been able
to vie* this bill and its provisions, I cannot but
think that our public moneys will be more securely
kept; our public creditors more promptly and sa-
tisfactorily paid; and that so far as it may have
any effect upon the trade and business of the coun-
try, that that effect will be most salutary and desi-
rable.
Bat, sir, suppose this bill should not pass; I ask
gentlemen of the Opposition what would they have
as a substitute. Will any one deny that it is a
united States Bank that they desire? Have not
some of the more bold already avowed it? Others,
not so courageous, do not dare, openly, fearlessly,
and honestly to declare it to the world, but seek, on
alt occasions, to proclaim distress, rain, prostra-'
tion of all business, and desolation throughout the
land. Thus it is, that the timid become alarmed-
credit becomes weakened—business is consequent-
ly checked, and a panic is produced. And thus,
too, it is, that the Opposition expect by and by to
be able openly to declare for a United States Bank,
drive the country into us support, and place
beneath its thAldom. And, sir, this is the questiot
which the people of this free Republic hav-
a«ara to decide Once, twice, thrice, is not enough.
With alt the evils and sins of the old Bank before
them, with the Constitution of their country staring
them in the face, they are again to say whether
they will fasten upon themselves and posterity a t
monopoly, that shall swallow up all the effors of
individual enterprise, and not only control the bu-
siness and industry ct the country, but which shall
hold within its grasp its political existence, and
even liberty itself. Sir, can it be that the people
of these nnited States are prepared for such an act?
Are not aristocracy and wealth sufficient, in alt con-
science, to contend single handed against industry
and moderate means, without the aid of combined
corporate millions ? And when you give to those
millions the power to create fictcious money to
the amount of millions more, what has be who de-
pends solely upon his own hard hands and honest
heart to expect? What but a complete subser-
viency to corporate wealth?
It i  expected that moat men interested in banks and cor
porationt will be opposed to this bill. There ie a sympathy
existing throughout the whole Bank and corporate communi-
ties, when you touch one, you touch the whole; and although
solvent institutions may be rather benefited than Injured, there
t ti Í7 «ncy' an lnJurv m prospect. It is to be expected
that bank officers, whose living is dependent upon ana grows
out of the monopoly granted to those institutions, imagining
that their privileges are to be encroached upon, will be opposed
to this bill It is to be expected that bankrupts, whose very
existence has been wrapped up m the favors which they have
received from moneyed institutions, and all whose chimerical
schemes have vanished inte thin air, will attribute all their
failures to the operations of this bill. But especially, sir, is it
to be anticipated that the dependants of the United States Bank
•hould wise (.he* voices in opposition, for their interest ro its
¿«feat if most palpable.   Let this bul be defeated—1st the Uni-
ted States Bank be «chartered, or another Bank established,
and the revenues of the Government be deposited in it as for-
merly, and a basis is formed, upon which millions of paper
promises are thrown into cireu'ation. for which the people are
taxed—taxed, too, for lending their own money for the benefit
of the special favorites of the Bank. Sir, there are some, who
are alwavs willing to blame every body and every thing
but themselves, but nothing so readily as the Govern-
ment under which they live. And, should this bill pass, let
genllemen return to their constituents and tell them that every
case of adversity throughout the length and breadth of this vast
country is caused by the passage of this bill. Lei them go to
the manufacturer, who has pursued his business with reckless-
ness unparalleled; to the importer and wholesale merchant,
who, m his haste to grow rich, has overlooked the responsibility
of his debtors, and is consequectly involved in inextricable difrf-
eulues; let them go to the monopolist in trade, who, in his anx-
iety to control the market, has forgotten that his success de-
pended upon sales as well as purchases, and whose merchan-
dise   now upon Ms hands; to the spendthrift, who has lived
upon the forbearance and indulgence of his friends; to the man
whose extravagance has reduced turn to want, and to the gam-
bler of every grade Let them go to the disappointed politi-
cian, to every specie  of discontent, and to every nook and
corner of distress, and tell them that it is all caused by
the passage of this bill. And, sir, if tha coming season
should provs unfruitful, tell them that the drought and the
flood, the mildew and the frost, have all been caused by
the operations of the Sub-Treasury. And, for a remedy for
all these evils, tell them to elect General Harrison for Pre-
sident, and establish a United States Bank Should any ene be
so impeitinent as to ask what «re his principles, proclaim it
upon the housetops, that it is deemed unnecessary and impoli.
ttic to avow them—that it is sufficient for the people to know
hat he is a candidate—that he must be taken " with something
akin to generous confidence," and must be elected, without any
declaration of principles. And, sir, when it shall be said that
the Administration party is opposed to local internal improve-
ments, to a United States Bank, to tha assumption of the Stat*
debts, to any greater tariff than the wants of the Government re-
quire; and that it is in favor of a strict construction of the Con-
sitution, of the preservation of the nehts of the States, and of
bringing the Government back to the days of Jefferson; let it agam
be proclaimed that these principles are all to ha kept eat of
sight tilt after the election, when "all the interests Of the
great Opposition party " will be harmonized Let it be declared
from one end of the nation to the other, that the only pnsciple
that binds the Opposition party together is thtt avowed by a
gentleman from New York two or three weeks since—"war
upon this Administration."
Such, sir, has been the case with one of the parties of this
country, from the foundation of the Government until the pre-
sent time     In most, if not all elections, while one party has
held up to view the principles by which it is governed, while it
has taken its stand upon those principles, and, trusting to the
intelligence of the people, has been willing to rise or fall, as
their verdict should be rendered upon them; the other party,
with a perseverance worthy of a better cause, underrating the
good sense of the people, has sought to draw off tha public
mind upon collateral and immaterial issues, and to keep out of
sight the great questions that are actually involved,   sir, do 1
err when I say that such is the case now!   Why is it, that tens
of thousands, ay, sir, hundreds of thousands of pamphlets, said
to contain the life of General Harrison, are sent forth under the
franks of gentlemen, and scattered throughout the country!
But, especially, sir, why Kit that nothing is contained in those
pamphlets, indicating the political principles of the General?
Is it to draw off the public mind from the great issue that is to
be tried?   Is it to turn attention to his military services, that in
their supposed blaze his political principles may be kept out of
view, and his civil qualifications be forgotten?   Why is « that
there is an apparent anxiety to seize every opportunity to pour
out indiscriminate denunciation upon the Administration, that
it may be rendered unpopular and obnoxious?   Why is it that
thousands of dollars are wasted bv delays in discussing the
most minute and trifling matters?   Why, sir, lask. but to draw
off public attention from the great principles of the parties,
and to keep out of view the real issue to be tried—"an Inde-
pendent Treasury or a United Stales Bank."
Sir, it is of little consequence to me whether General Harri-
son, in hie military career, won laurels that a conqueror might
be proud of, or whether his fame is any thing but desirable. I
care not whe'her, as a shrewd and experienced commander, he
encamped his troops at Tippecanoe upon the most advanta-
geous ground, or whether he was induced by a wily foe to se-
lect the very spot that his enemy pointed out to him. I ask not
whether, at that battle, he mounted his own steed or that of a
brave comrade, that his own person might not be recognised I
ask not whether that comrade, while upon the horse of the Ge-
neral, fell upon that battle field, and gave up his life for his
country. Icare not whether the battle ofthe Thames was won by
Gen. Harrison, or whether another gentleman now m the Senate
chamber, serving his country as her second officer, is entitled to
all the honor and glory of that victory. I care not whethei fort
Stephenson was evacuated by hrs order, or whether it was de
fenced by a man whose name will never be forgotten in the an-
nals of his couatry Sir, I will not enter into a discussion of
these matters. When about to select a man to preside over
the destinies of thisgreat Republic—when we are to place at
the helm of state one upon whom the happiness and welfare of
so many millions depend, it is not military fame alone that is
to insure his success— it is not talents, nor education, nor gene-
ral information that are to make him acceptable—but it is prin-
ciples. They will besought for, scrutinized, canvassed. And
although a candidate may have the military fame of a Cesai,
or an Alexander; although he may have served his country m
her greatest peril, yet his reuptation and his services can never
answer as a substitute for correct and fundamental political
principles.
Sir, let me tell gentlemen that they miscalculate entirely the
intelligence ef the people, if they suppose they can be hum-
bugged by parade, or led off from the great principles which
they have supported for years, by the empty sound of a hurrah.
No sir, no. The people understand their rights, and dare main-
tain them No bank bribes can seduce them. No corporation
combinations for the reduction of .wages can intimidate them.
No hypocritical sympathies can deceive them. But the woik-
mg menofthisUnioe, Who have always proved true to the Con-
stitution «four country, and have again and again rescued it
from the threatened ruin, will not fail to do their duty m the
great contest before own.  It is by their sfurts; the eflbrti of
the true Democracy of the country, that the perpetuity of our
institutions has been preserved. It is by the farmers, the me-
chanics, the workinjnwn of our Republic, that this Adminis-
tration has been and will be sustained. It is by tho«e who would
see equal rights and equal privileges bestowed upon all It was
such men that poured out their blood upon the battlefields of
our Revolution. It was such men that won for this country i's
freedom and independence Thty were the men who biought
Jefferson into power. They were the men who stood by Midi-
son in the dark daysof the last war They were the men who
effected the political revolution af 1828, and who have main
tamed the Democratic ascendency since that time And, sir,
so long as thay shall govern, so long will the Republic be «ale.
Mr.   OSBORNE of Connecticut obtained   tha
floor, but gave way for a motion to adjourn.
And then the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wkdnesdat, June 3,1840.
Mr. NORVELL presented the memorial of the
Legislature of Michigan, praying for a donation
of lands, or money, to aid in the construction of a
canal around the Falls of St. Mary; which was
laid upon the table.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the petition of Micajah
T. Williams; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. BUCHANAN, from the Committee on Fo-
reign Relations, to which was referred the bill far
the relief of Alexander H. Everett, made an ad-
verse report thereon; which was ordered to he
pri ited.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions
made an adverse report on the bill for the relief oi
William A. Cuddeback; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. W. in pursuance of notice, introduced a
bill for the relief of William R. Davis; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
Mr. ROBINSON gave notice that to-morrow he
would ask leave to introduce a bill the better to ex-
pedite the great Southern mail.
Mr. FULTON presented the petition of Samuel
Morris and Frederick Saugrave; which was reier-
red to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. F. gave notice that to-morrow he would ask
leave to bring in a bill for the relief of Clinton T.
Dixon.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred
A bill for (he relief of Jacob Adams; and
A bill for the relief of Joseph Bailey;
made adverse reports thereon,                        *    ,
Mr. CLAY, from the Committee on tha Militia,
to which was referred so much of the report of the
Secretary of War as relates to the oiganizanon
of the militia, made a report thereonvroncltiding
with a resolution that they be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject; which was,
agreed to.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee pn the Ju-
diciary, to which was referred the bill concerning
prisoners of the United States committed to the jad
of the county of Providence, and State of Rhode
Island, reported the same without amendment; and
after some remarks from Mr. W. it was considered,
as in committee of the whole, and ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading.
The unfinished business of yesterday, being the
motion of Mr. Clay of Kentucky, to lay the me*
mortal of James C. Reynolds on the table, being
taken up, Mr. CRITTENDEN addressed the Se-
nate, and was replied to at much length by Mr.
ALLEN; when the question being taken, the peti-
tion was laid on the tabic
The Senate then went into the consideration of
of Executive business, and afterwards
Adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, June 3, 1840.
On motion of Mr. BELL, the Committee of the
Whole on the stale of the Union was dischargee!
from the consideration of so much of the Pre-
sident's message, and the report of Secretary of
War, as relates to Indian Affairs; and the subject
was referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. PETRIKIN presented, from the Committee
on the Public Buildings* and «^a^s^ certain
communication, which h*d-be<e* referred to that
coinmittee-, which was oraeffcTtd he pruned,
