440
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The CHAIR announced that the first business
ii order during the morning hoar, was the motion
of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Ran-
doi-fh,] to commit to the Committee on Commerce
the bill reported from that committee by the gen-
tleman from Maryland, Mr. Hillen, to repeal the
act regulating pilots.
Mr. CURTIS, who was entitled to the floor,
said he believed the committee were mistaken in
their views on the subject committed to them; which
he was prepared to show by an examination of the
report The report was ordered to be printed on
yesterday; but was not on the table this morning.
He was anxious that every member should have
the report before him, before he proceeded to the
discussion; he would therefore suggest that the sub-
ject should by general consent be laid over till to-
morrow, at which time the report would be on the
table.
Mr. HILLEN said he could not object, if it
was the full understanding that the question should
be taken up to-morrow.
The suggestion was agreed to by general con-
sent.
The CHAIR announced that the next business
in order was the bill reported from the Committee
on Public Lands, authorizing the State of Tennes-
see to issue grants and perfect titles to certain lands
therein described; and to settle the claims to the
vacant unappropriated lands within the same,
passed Apül 18,1836. The question was on its
commitment.
Mr. PETRIKIN, who was entitled to the floor,
considered it very wrong to keep a large body of
land in that State, and yet that that State should
have no control over it. The lands lie there unset-
tled, and the State has bo power to take it. The
bill had been often discussed by both Houses; and
notwithstanding the measure was perfectly just in
itself, jet by the process of staving off action on it
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, it has been defeated. That was the mode
its enemies pursued to kill the bill, and it is the
mode now proposed to be resorted to—that is, to
refer it to the Committee of the Whole, where
they know, in consequence of the mass of business
before that committee, it will not be reached this
session. He did not believe that, by the rule, it
was required to be committed; and he was there-
fore opposed to placing it in a situa'ion where it
could not be acted on. To bring the House to
speedy action on it, he moved the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LINCOLN inquired of the Chair what
weuld be the effect of the previous question?
The CHAIR replied, that it would bring the
House to a vote on the motion to commit.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved a call of the House;
which was refused.
Mr. EVERETT was understood to say he could
not see wherein this question differed from the
decision on the pre-emption bill; and if it did not
differ, he did not see how the previous question
could be made to apply to the motion for its com-
mitment.
The CHAIR said there was a manifest distinc-
tion between the principle of this bill and the pre-
emption bill; and the previous question would be
on the motion to commit; and, if the gentleman
thought proper to take an appeal, he would explain
his reasons, am) show the distinction. Does the
gentleman take an appeal?
Mr. EVERETT said he would probably take an
appeal.
The previous question was seconded—yeas 98,
nays not counted.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and
nays on the question, "Shall the main question be
now put?" which were ordered.
Mr. EVERETT inquired of the Chair what the
main question would be, if ordered.
The CHAIR replied that it would be on the com-
mitment of the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. EVERETT. Then I take an appeal from
.that decision.
The SPEAKER said that, upon examination of
the bill, to see whether, under the rules of the
House, it ought to be committed, he found that it
contained a donation of lands—it cedes to the State
of Tennessee all the lands within its limits: there-
fore, on that ground, the bill must necessarily be
committed, and the previous question was on the
commitment.
Mr. EVERETT contended that the previous
question was not on the commitment, but on the
third reading of the bill, and on ihat ground ap-
pealed from the decision of the Chair.
And the question being on the appeal,
Mr. L. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and
nays; which were not ordered.
The question, "Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment was the House?" was then
taken by tellers, and resulted—yeas 94, noes not
connted.
So the decision of the Chair was affirmed, and
the previous question decided to be on the commit-
ment.
The question then recurring on the commitment
of the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union,
Mr. MONTGOMERY demanded the yeas and
nays; which, being ordered, were—yeas 104, nays
65, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Banks, Baker, Beirne, Black,
Bond, Brewster, Briges, Albert G. Brown, Anson Brown,
Calhoun, Connor, James Cooper, Mark A. Cooper, Crabb,
Craig, Dana, Davies, John Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis,
Dellet, Doan,Doig, Dromgoole, Earl, Edwards, Evans, Everett,
Fletcher, Floyd, tíalbraitn, James Garland, Gerry, Goggin,
Giaham, Green, Griffin, Habersham, Hall, Hammond, Wil-
liam S. Hastings, John Hastings, Hawes, Hawkins, Hill of
North Carolina, Hillen, Hoffman, Hook, Hopkins, Hubbard,
Hunt, Jackson, James, Joseph Johnson, William C. Johnson,
John W. Jones, Kempehall, King, Lewis, Lincoln, Lucas,
McKay, Marchand, Marvin, Montgomery, Morgan, Samuel
W. Morris, Naylor, Newhard, Nisbet, Ozle, Paynter, Peck,
Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Reed, Rhett, Edwaid Rogers,
James Rogers, Russell, Shaw, Shepard, Simonton, John Smith,
Stanly, Starkweather, Steenrod, Storrs, Strong, Sumter,
Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson, Toland, Triplet!, Trumbull,
Underwood, Vanderpoel, David D. Wagener, Weller, Wick,
and ¿«wis Williams—104.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson,
Andrews, Beatty, Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Burke,
Sampson H. Butler, William B. Campbell, Carr, Carter, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Crary, Crockett, Cross, Davee, John W.
Davis, Duncan. Eastman, Gentry, Goode, Hand, Henry, How-
ard, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keitn, Kille,
Leonard, Lowell, McCarty, McClellan, McCullech, Mallory,
Miller, Montanya, Calvary Morris, Parnsh, Parns, Petnkin,
Prentiss, Reynolds, Ridgway, Albert Smith, Stuart, Pweann-
fen, Sweney, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney,
'eter J. Wagener, Warren, Watterson, Edward D. White,
John White, Thomas W. Williams, Henry Williams, Joseph
L. Williams, Christopher H. Williams, and Worthmgton—65.
So the bill was ordered to be committed.
Mr. HUBBARD said that he had not a correct
understanding of the decision of the Chair on the
first question, and that he had therefore voted in
the affirmative wilh aview of moving a reconsidera-
tion, so as to put himself right.   He did not rise
for the purpose of discussing the bill, but merely
to sta'e what its provisions were.   Mr. H. then
read the bill, and contended Ihat it made no appro-
priation of money, but merely ceiled to the Sia.e of
Tenn°ssee, certain lands to enable her to settle
certain claims o" North Carolina.   It made no ap-
propriation whatever, and therefore ought not to
go into committee.   For these reasons he moved a
reconsideration of the vote, by which the decision
of the Speaker, to the contrary, bad been sustain-
ed.   He also made some allusion to the pre-emp-
tion bill, which was passed a short time ago, and
wished the present bill to te ü^.t-d on the same
principles.   The pre-emption bill was not referred
to a committee of the whole, and why should this
be subject to a different rule?   For his part, he
wished them treated both alike.   He had no idea
of making fish of one and flesh of the other; if he
was right on the preemption bill the other day, he
was right now.
Mr. HOWARD of Indiana gave notice that if
the vote on the commitment was reconsidered, he
would move to reconsider the vote on the appeal.
He had voted to sustain the Chair under a misap-
prehension.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS moved the previous
question on the motion to reconsider; which re-
ceived a second, and the main question was or-
dered.
Mr. MONTGOMERY inquired of the Chair,
if the House refused to reconsider the vote on the
commitment, whether it would be in order for the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Howard] to move
to reconsider the rote on the appeal.                           I
The CHAIR replied that it would not.
And the questson now being on the motion to re-
consider,
Mr. MONTGOMERY asked for the yeas and
nays; which, having been ordered, were—yeas 82
nays 90, as follows:
YEAS—Messsrs. Alford, J. Allen, Andrews, Atherton'
Beatty, Bell, Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown, Buike>
William O Butler, William B Campbell, Carr, Carter, Casey
Chapman, Chinn, Clirk, Clifford, Crary, Crockett, Cros 
Dana, J W. Davis, Garret Davis, Duncan, Earl, Ely, Everett,
James Garland, Gentry, Gerry, Goode, Hammond, Hand,
Henry, Howard, Hubbard, Jameson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel
Jones, Kille, Leet, Leonard, Lowell, McClellan, McCulloch, Mai-
lory, Mason, Miller, Mitchell, Montanya, Calvary Morris, Parish,
Parns, Petnkm, Pope, Prentiss, Reynolds,Ridgway, Robinson,
Sergeant, Albert Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, J. T. Stuart,
Sweanngen, Sweney, Jacob Thompson, Tnplett, Trumbull,
Turney, vanderpoel, Warren, Watterson, Edward D White,
John White, Jared W. Williams, Thomas W. Williams,
Joseph L. Williams, Christopher H. Williams, and John T. H.
Worihington—82.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Banks, Bak r, Beirne, Black, Brew-
ster, Briggs, Anson Brown, Butler, Calhoun, Connor, Mark
A. Cooper, Crabb, Craig, Davies, John Davis, Dawson, Deber-
ry, Dennis, Dellet, Doig, Dromgoole, Edwards, Evans, Fletcher,
Goggin¡ Graham, Griffin, Gnnnell, Habersham, Hall, William
S Hastings, Hawes, Hawkins, Hill of Virginia, Hill of North
Carolina. Hillen, Hook, Hunt, Jackson, James, Joseph John-
son, William Cost Johnson, John W. Jonea, Keim, Kemble,
Kempshall, King, Lewis, Lincoln, Lucas, McKay, Marchand,
Marvin, Montgomery, Morgan, Samuel W Morns, Newhard,
Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne, Paynter, Peck, Ramsey, Randolph,
Rayner, Reed, Rhett, Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Russell,
Saltonstall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Simonton, John Smith,
Thomas Smith, Stanly, Storrs. Strong, Sumter, Taliaferro, Til-
linghast, Toland, Underwood, Wagener, Weller, Wick, and
j   Lewis Williams—90.
So the House refused to reconsider.
I       On  motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the House
then resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole
on the State of the Union, and toook up the
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr. OSBORNE, who was entitled to the floor,
spoke at some length of the origin, tendency, and
principles of the bill. He denounced the bill as a
remarkable project, and contended ihat it was
anti-Republican, and opposed to the habits of the
people. That it made war upon the banks by
draining them of their specie; and that it might be
used as an engine to harass and destroy the banks.
He d wealt upon the state of the currency generally,
past and present, and attributed it to the policy of
the past and present Administrations.
Mr. HUNT next obtained the floor, and de-
nounced the measure as one of war upon the great
business interests of the country, and even its li-
berties. He adverted to the policy of the past and
present Administrations; and, in the course of his
remarks, made some remarks in reference to an
investigation which was gravely geing on, on
charges made against certain Government officers,
for purchasing public stores from Whig merchants
of Baltimore; when he was interrupted by
Mr. HILLEN of Maryland, who said it was
notorious that the charges against the Government
officers were not only that they had been dealing
with Whig merchants, but that they had been pay-
ing those merchants higher prices than the goods
could be purchased for elsewhere. These charges,
he would also inform the gentleman, were made
by the Whigs themselves against these Govern-
ment officers.
Mr. HUNT was understood to be thaakful for
the correction, and proceeded in his remarks till
the hour for the recess, half past twoo'clcck, with-
out finishing.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. HUNT resumed his remarks in opposition
to the bill, and concluded at a few minutes before
seven o'clock.
The CHAIRMAN having then given to floor to
Mr. H. Williams of Massachusetts, the committee
rose, and
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, June 4, 1840.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial signed by se-
venty citizens of the Territory of Oregon, praying
the extension of the jurisdiction and laws of the
United States over that Territory; which was read,
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WALKER presented two petitions from
citizens of Natchez, in relation to the subject of the
joint resolution, introduced into the Senate a few
davs since for the relief of the inhabitants of the
