f
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
441
city of Natchez; whkh were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr, W. also presented a memorial of members
of the bar of the circuit court of the united States
for the district of Mississippi, remonstrating against
the removal of the said court from Jackson to
Vicksburg; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. PRESTON presented a supplemental me-
morial from Mary W. Thempson; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, te which was referred the bill for the
relief of Nathaniel Pryor, reported the same with
an amendment.
Mr. FULTON, in pursuance of previous notice,
asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill for  i
the relief of Epraim D. Dixon; which was read
twice, and referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS, fronvthe Committee on Na-
val Affairs, to which was referred the report of the
Secretary of the Navy on the expenses of the Navy
Department, asked to be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, made
an unfavorable report on the bill for the relief of
Robert T. Wainwright.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred bills from the House
For the relief of Reuben Murray;
For the relief of Sarah Oakley;
For the relief of Joseph Bailey; and
For the relief of Jacob Adams;
made unfavorable reports thereon.
Mr. P. also, fjom the same committee, to which
was referred the petition of James Phelps and John
Lathram, made unfavorable reports thereon.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to take np the joint reso-
lution for the amendment of the Constitution of the
United States, by limiting the ten ire of office of the
Jodiciary; which, after some remarks from Messrs.
MERRICK, WEBSTER, SEVIER, WRIGHT,
and TAPPAN, was agreed to; and then, on mo-
tion of Mr. T. its fuither consideration was post-
poned until Thursday next.
The bill concerning prisoners of the United
States committed to the jail of the county oí Provi-
dence, and State of Rhode Island, was read a third
time and passed.
HEIRS OF ROBERT FULTON.
The report oí the Committee on Claims, adverse
to the claim of the heirs of Robert Fulton, was then
taken up, and Mr. MERRICK renewed his re-
marks in opposition to the report, and in favor of
the claim.
On motion by Mr. HUBBARD, the farther con-
sideration of the subject was postponed until to-
morrow.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The bill for the establishment of a general sys-
tem of bankruptcy throughout the United States
was taken up, the question being on the motion to
strikeout the 18th section, providing for compulso-
ry bankruptcy.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky addressed the Senate
in favor ef the motion, and was replied to by
Mr. WRIGHT, who opposed tiie motiou, at
length, contending for the necessity of including
the compulsory principle, to make the bill "uni-
form," as contemplated by the Constitution, in its
operation on the debtor and creditor. He also re-
plied to the remarks of Mr. Calhoun on the motion
to exempt banks from the provisions of the bill.
Mr. W. having concluded,
Mr. WEBSTER intimated his intention to re-'
ply, and moved an adjournment.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, June 4,1840.
By general consent, Mr. PETRIKIN offered the
following resolution, which was adopted:
Resohti, That the Commissioner of the Public
Buildings and Grounds inform this House, forth-
with, how many supeiintendents, assistant super-
intendents, foremen, bosses, and workmen, of dif-
ferent kinds are employed, at this time, at the
Treasury and Patent Office buildings; and the sala-
ries paid each of the aforesaid superintendents, as-
sisted superintendents, foremen, and bosses, desig-
nating which building each individual attends to,
his name, and occupation.
On leave given, Mr. HOPKINS presented cer-
tain additional testimony in relation to a case be-
fore the Committee of Claims, which was referred
accordingly.
On leave, Mr. H. submitted a motion that the
papers in relation to the case of Joseph Ramsey be
printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. WICK asked leave to submit a motion dis-
charging the Committee of the Whole from the
consideration of a bill in relation to a certain tract
of land in Indiana, with a view to put it on its third
reading.
* Mr. ANDREWS objected.
Mr. WICK gave notice that he would renew the
motion to-morrow morning.                            /
Mr. ANDREWS gave notice that he woul/op-
pose the motion.                                   \  /
PILOT LAW.           \J
The unfinished business of the morning hour
was the motion heretofore made by Mr. Randolph,
to recommit to the Committee on Commerce the
report and bill providing for the repeal of the law
commonly known as the Pilet law.
Mr. CURTIS, who was entitled to the floor, ad-
dressed the House daring the morning hour in fa-
vor of the motion to recommit.
- The report and bill, he contended, ought to be re-
committed, because the facts presented before the
committee did not tend to justify the conclusion to
which the report had come. The act of Mareh,
1837, which it was now poposedto repeal, made
it lawful for the masters of vessels coming into or
going out of any port situated on the waters con-
t rminous with or dividing the two States of New
York and New Jer.ey to take a pilot from either of
the two States. The law was simple in its terms,
and he presumed no man would infer that injury
had resulted to any one from its passage. Its ten-
dency was to jree trafle, and to give to those "who
go down into the ¿>ea in ships" the choice of pilots
to direct and guicfe iheir course.
The report be ore the House set forth that the
act of 1837 was an unjust, injurious, and oppres-
sive law. If such was the fact, the law ought to
be repealed; bat if, on the other hand, a careful
examination of the tesiimony which Was directed
by this House to be sent to the Committee on Com-
merce should lead to t e conclusion that the com-
mercial interests of this country, that a vast
amount ef property afloat and a great number of
lives were, by this law, guarantied against the pe-
rils of a dangerous monopoly, then he thought the
House would agree with him that it ought not to
be repealed.
Who were they that were so dissatisfied with
the provisions of this act, and who now asked for
its repeal1? The complaints came to us in memori-
als from New York, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Nor-
folk, ard Charleston; they were signed by the pi-
lots; and they alone, so far as he knew, asked the
repeal of the law.
The memorial from the pilots of Virginia set
forth an extraordinary reason for the repeal of the
law; it was, that the law was designed to interfere
with and nullify certain State laws to break up
monopolies. So far from this being a cause com-
plaint, it was with him a cause of great congratu-
lation. The pilots of Virginia d'd not complain of
any practical evil; and the same remark was ap-
plicable (Mr. C. contended) to all the memorials
which had been referred to the committee from the
pilots of all the States, and which be examined
seriatim with some minueaess.   .
What led to the enactment of the law of 1837?
The report now under consideration stated that the
application was made to Congress for its passage,
on acoount ot certain remarkable disasters which
had occurred in or about the port of New York,
the blame oi which was unjustly imputed to the
New York pilots—and that, under the excitement
which those disas trs created in the public mind by
the loss of thare vessels, and of several hundreds
of lives, Congress, partaking of that excitement,
passed the law. How was the fact? He was sor-
ry to say, as a citizen of the State of New York,
that the date of the complaint was not correct.
He was sorry that that complaint did not date cor-
rectly, on the 3d of January, 1837. The com-
plaint of the inefficiency and neglect of the pilots
of New York was of long standing. It had been
a matter of reproach to New York for more than
ten years—a reproach not only at heme, bat
! throughout the United States, and throughout the
1 commercial world. It was a common reproach t«
say that a man was more lazy than a New York
pilot. The neglect of duty by those pilots was a
matter of public notoriety. He would not say
whether the loss of the ship "Mexico," on the 3d
of January, 1837, was justly imputed to them or
not, for he did not wish to go into that matter; the
complaints against them had been open and noto-
rious for ten years prior to the loss of that ill-fated
j vessel. So general, indeed, had the complaint be-
I come for a considerable period prior thereto, that
! Governor Marcy, on the 3d of December, 1836, in
his annual message, called the attention of the Le-
gislature of the State of New York, to the sub-
ject. The "Mexico" was lost in January, and on
the 3d of December previous, the Governor called
the attention of the Legislature to the condition of
the pilot system, which he spoke of as reproachful
to the State. The reason and foundation of these
complaints were to be found in the close and odious
monopoly given to pilots by the law of the State
of New York, parsed in the year 1819. On this
law and its injurious results, Mr. C. commented at
some length; showing what the actual condition of
things was when the law of 1837 was passed.
The complaints were general, and he would show
that there was sufficient testimony before the Com- •
mittee on Commerce to have satisfied the gentle-
man from Maryland, (Mr. Hillen) who made
!; this report, that these complaints were not only ge-
neral, but had been continued for years, and that
j the application for the passage of the law which it
was now proposed to repeal, and its passage, were
not to be traced to any excitement growing out of
the loss of the "Mexico."
To this end, Mr. C. here introduced and bad
read the testimony of sundry persons, shipmasters
and others, detailing the numerous ca'.«mities
which had occurred, and the vast number of lives
that had been sacrificed on the coasts of New
York, New Jersey, and the adjacent waters, (where
the bones of hundreds of gallant ships lie buried,)
prior to the wreck of the " Mexico."
There was another point to which Mr. C. would
ask the attention of the House. The "Mexico,"
as had been stated, was lost on the 3d of January,
1837; on the 12th of the month ot December jare-
«¿ous, a gentleman then representing in part the
city of New York,, (Mr. McKeon,) introduced a
resolution on the subject, referring it to the Com-
mittee on Commerce; and a very able and interest-
ing report was made upon it. A similar resolu-
tion was introduced into the Senate a few days
afterwards; and the whole facts were laid before
Congress.
One word as to the report of Mr. McKeon.
Was that report confinad   to the wreck of the
"Mexico?"   Not at all.   On the contrary, it de-
I  tailed the condition of the pilotage of New York
j  for several years previous to the date of the report;
| and, that gentlemen might see from what grevious
!' evils the law of 1837 had deliv«red the commerce
of the port of New York, and of the United States,
and ef the commercial world, he would request
the Clerk to read an extract from the report.
Certain portions of Mr. McKeon's report were
¡ here read; and also the/ndir,- of the grand jury of
the city of New York after the loss of the "Mexi-
co;" which latter document also speaks in very
emphatic terms of the evils resulting from the
combination system of pilotage.
Mr. C. then referred to the only act passed on
this subject prior to that of 1837, and by which
act the power over it was given to the several
States, until there should be further national le-
gislation thereon. He doubted very much the
constitutionality of that part of the act which at-
tempted to give the power to legislate in J*t*re on
this subject of commerce to the several States.^ It
was a matter which the Constitution of the United
States had committed to Congress, and upon
which the States had no concurrent jurwdictioii.
