CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.                                            443
between our Government and the Governments of
Europe. Under oar free institutions, it would be
morally impossible to reduce the laboring portion
of the community to the level of the oppressed
operatives in monarchical countries. Mr. W. then
illustrated his position at some length, by a refe-
rence to the causes producing a redaction of the
price of labor in European countries, and which
could never apply to us. Before such could ever
be the case, there must be a complete revolution in
our form of Government, and a revolution in the
condition of the people. Before the bright star of
onr freedom could descend in the shades of Euro-
peas darkness, the intelligence of the working
classes, beaming forth in characters of living tight,
must be extinguished: and that would never be the
case.
Throughout the whole of this discussion, the
Opposition had taken the ground that the interests
of labor werB identified with the banking system.
But was this assumption just and well founded?
Could they adduce any proof that a paper currency
was calculated to promote the interests of the la-
boring classes? O.ie of the ablest writers on poli-
tical economy contended that 'Stability" was one
of the essentials of a good currency. But had the
paper system any stability? Did not experience
show that it was perpetually changing, and was
unstable as the waters of the ocean—variable as
the ebb and flow of its tides?
Mr. W. then read several extracts from the ad-
dress of the late President of the United States
Bank, showing the effects of a sudden expansion
and contraction of paper issues, which could never
exist when the currency of a eountry was of gold
and silver, and possessed the quality of stability.
Mr. W. then drew a glowing picture of the ef-
fects of this paper system on the country, in pro-
ducing the existing distres ; how it had robbed the
poor man of the fruits of his industry, and encou-
raged the rich to run into debt beyond the means
of payment; and yet this was the system now so
urgently contended for by the Opposition.
He then referred to a number of tables, show-
ing the almost incredible losses sustained by the
depreciation of bank paper, which loss must, from
the very nature of things, continue so long as the
paper system was kept up. After so doing, he ihen
went on to show that, under a system having spe-
cie for its basis, bo such loss could ever occur.
He also proved that the paper system operated
unequally at the expense of the laborer. He
showed, by a reference to documents, that notwiih-
standing all that had been «aid about the sympathy
of the manufacturers for the poor, these manufac-
turers, with large capitals, ground down the poor
man to the dust, and that while in a rise of prices
Ws wages were the last to be raised, at a fall of
prices his wages were the first to be reduced.
After adverting to a variety of other objections,
Mr. W. proceeded to notice the argument of his
colleague, [Sir. Cbbhing,] in relation to the good
effects of the paper system in England, as com-
pared with other countries. He said a full and
impartial examination into the condition of the
working classes in those countries when that system
was established, would soon enable any one to see
the fruits of it.
Mr. W. then adverted at some length to the de-
graded condition of laboring classes in Sweden,
Austria, Denmark, etc. When under a paper sys-
tem, they were bought and sold with the land like
beasts. He compared this with the condition of
the laborer in Cuba, who, nnder a hard money cur-
rency, received from sixty to seventy dollars per
month.
What, he asked, was the actual condition of the
laboring classes in England, on which his colleague
had pissed so glowing a eulogium, as a beautiful
specimen of the good eflec's of a paper system?
What was the true condition of the great mass of
the English? W*re they not the degraded victims
of toil, slavery, and low prices? Was it not noto-
rious that the very pauper had a better living than
the honest and industrious operative? Was it not
well known that even condemned criminals were
better fed-than the virtuous working man? Yes,
the Foreign Quarterly Review showed that the
pauper had a greater allowance of Jfocd lhaa the
laborer, the suspected thief had more than the
pauper, the convicted thief more than the suspected
one, and the transported ielon three times as much
food than the independent laborer was able to pro-
cure by his most strenuons exertions.
By way of confirmation of these statements,
Mr. W. road from a number of English writers of
authority, showing the great degradation of the
working classes in that country, whose labor was
all swallowed up to maintain the pomp, extrava-
gance, and splendor of the few. He ako read
parliamentary documents, showing the rapid and
fearful increase of paupeiism, and crime, as a
na'ural consequence of such degradation.
He then argued that this lamentable state of
things couM not be attributed to the poverty of the
country, for the amount of aggregate wealth had
increased; but it was to be traced solely to the ex-
pansions and contractions of a paper system affect-
ing the prices, and always falling upon the devoted
heads of the poor.
Mr. W. here read several tables, showing the
connection between expansion and pauperism. He
was astonished that his colleague should have se-
lected England as an instance of the good effects
cf this paper system. It was a most unfortunate
selection. W at was the true condition of the
"happy pet pie" of that "mighty empire?" He
would not go to the starving millions in her posses-
sions in India* but he would call attention to the
suffering millions in her "own green isle." He
wonVd call attention to the extracts which he had
read. He would ask gentlemen to pause and re-
flect upon the state of things there set forth, and
then say whether they were desiraus that the en-
lightened laborers of this country should be plaeed
in the same situation, by the introduction of a
similar system. No: he was sure there was no
patriot who would for a moment entertain the idea.
It was, therefore, due to the American laborer that
the connection between bank and State should exist
no longer. It had existed already too long, and
it was high time that a connection should be dis-
solved, the tendency of which was to outrage the
liberties of the people.
He did not mean to say that there should be no
paper, and no credit, but that it should be on such
a plan that would not deprive the laborer of the
fruits of his toil, nor industry of its reward. He
wished it regulated so that it would secure to labor
the 'rue amount of its earnings, and establish jus-
tice between the employer and the employed.
This measure would do all tba'. It would give
us a uniform currency, create a demand for specie,,
and make the currency more sound and stable. It
would secure to the manufacturers a specie stan-
dard of true value, and check excessive importa-
tions.
Mr. W. after showing various other benefits
that would arise from the passage of the bill, said
it must be evident that the President, so far from
being an enemy to the laborers, as had been
charged, was friendly to their interests, es his anx-
iety tor the adoption of this measure fully proved.
It was the desire of the President and his friends to
establish a uniform specie standard, under whioh
it would be impossible for such ruinous fluctuations
again to occur.
The remarks of Mr. W. with the numerous
tables and authorities to which he referred, will be
published in full as early-as convenient.
Mr. SMITH of Vermont made some remarks in
relation to the contest in his district, and concluded
by saying that his opponent was voted for by the
Whigs generally, on the ground that he was in
favor of a National Bank, and that he (Mr. S ) re-
ceived the support of the Democratic party, on the
ground that he was opposed to such a bank, and in
favor of the Independent Treasury system. The
principles of this measure, he said, were funda-
mental—it reached the currency—the business and
industry of the|country—that it would vitally affect
the political and social condition of the country,'so
long as it shall hereafter continue in operation—
that it would protect the political character and
morals of the country. It would impart healthy
action in the" currency, by infusing into it a larger
basis of specie—it would prove beneficial to the
business and industry of the country, by keeping
the currency stable, and preventing unnatural sti-
mulation and overaction in trade, and by so regu-
lating the industry of the country, as to keep labor
constantly employed, in contradistinction to the
ruinous fluctuations under the banking system.
Mr. S. argued that the contest was the same now
between the two great contending parties that it
was in the year 1800. It was a contest of
the mass of the people agaii,i,t the moneyed
few, to sustain the Constitution in all its purity, te
preserve the Republican form of Government, and
the just balance of power which exists between all
its departments, and to secure to the present,
and to perpetuate to future generations those equal
rights guarantied in the Constitution, and an
equal distribution of the blessing* of our great po-
litical system. The people are of the impression
that ihe opposition by the Whig party to this mea-
su'e, is from something more than meets the eye.
There is something masked under it. The people
remember well that the contest in the Revolution
was between the oppressor and the oppressed. The
contest is the same now. It is one between
th" mass, for an equal distribution of the blessings
of Government, with the moneyed power who wish
exclusive privileges, such as will secure to them
more power than even accumulated wealth
gives them, to enable them through that power to
opprers the people.
The House at the hour of half past two, took
the usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. SMITH of Vermont continued his remarks.
He contended that the antagonist measure to the -
Independent Treasury bill was a National Bank.
The Opposition are in favor of a National Bank;
they are sincerely devo'ed to such a measure, not-
withstanding they will not directly and openly
avow it. He would not ("iscuss the coastitutiona-
l''y ofabank;it was sufficient for him that such an
institution was altogether inexpedient. It was not
suitable to the character of the pecple, or the prin-
ciples of our Republican system. It was no reason
that such an institution should be established in
this country, because one was suitable to the Eng-
lish Government and people, or any other mo-
narchical Government, or the subjects of such a
Government. The Bank of England lends all its
aid to sus'ain the nobility. The moneyed power
of all the European Governments naturally concen-
trate, and combine to sustain those Governments,and
in consequence to the same degree to oppress the
people.
He argued that in this country the Executive need-
ed no such sustenance. Therefore, the banks and'
the Government should be kept separate. It would
be dangerous to Republican liberty to ally the Ex-
ecutive to the moneyed power, by giving him the
control of the whole banking system. To make
such a bank as the Opposition wish to have, to con-
trol the State institutions, and to regulate the busi-
ness, the exchanges, and the industry of the coun-
try, it would have to be constituted «fa capital of
one hundred millions of dollars. Soch a bank,
to regulate nine hundred State banks, with a com-
bined capital of four hundred millions, all in active
operation, allied to the Executive, would be a
most potent and fearful power indeed. If such
a bank be allied to the Executive, and give
it all the potency it should have, and which the
Whig party desire that it should have to regulate
these nine hundred State banks, it would con-
trol every channel of society. If such an institution
be allied to the Executive, with the power and pa-
tronage of the Government, and the time would not
be in the future that the people would be able to
throw off the shackles, except by a fearful and
bloody revolution. The banking institutions are
not satisfied to control the business and commerce
of the country, but the Whig party wish to give
them a control of the Government itself, by giving
them charge of the fiscal operations of the Go-
vernment—by depositing with such institutions the
revenues of the nation, to discount with, and to
speculate upon. Such a union would he fearful
indeed. But be had no idea that any Administra-
tion would ever again consent that these institu-
tions should be employed as fiscal agents. No
friend to his country could consent that the Execu-
