444
-------------   ..i     '      .   .'-■.. ' .1 .
tive should be allied to the tremendous and fearful
power of a National Bank, or the concentrated
power of all the State banks.
Mr. S. spoke of the opinions of Washington
and Jefferson against a Bank and in favor of an
Iadependent Treasury; they were in favor of an
Independent Treasury, the same in principle as
this. He then adverted to the fact that the Oppo-
sition, who are attributing to this measure such
fearful evils, were strenuous in the support of it a
few years ago. He then argued that the Si ate
which he in part repiesented had an Indedendent
Treasury in operation, with an unimportant ex-
ceptisn in its details. He said the provisions of
this bill were strictly ¡n accordance with the Con-
stitution; and that no system could be devised
that could make the meney more safe and secure.
It is guarded by bonds, with heavy penalties for
default. If the bill was not safe, he thought it the
duty of the Opposition so to alter the details as to
make it mow guarded and secure. To strike out
the enacting clause, was no way to perfect the
bil
He inferred by the argument of the gentleman
from Massachusetts (Mr. Cushing] that the mea-
sure would favorably affect the manufacturing im-
terests of the East. If by any measure, the ten-
dency of which would beneficially affect rhe inte-
rests of the section of country he represented, it
would be an additional reason why he would be in
favor of it. Mr. S. then showed the effect the un-
natural expansion of the circulating medium
Íwhich the Independent Treasury will comet)
id in causing overimporting, and keeping the
balance  f trade against the United Stales. If the
manufacturing interests were injuriously affected
by overimportation, as the convention of the manu- j
facturers maintained, then this measure, which ap-
preciates the currency by contracting it, will pre-
vent this overimportation, and will, to that extent,
operate as a protection to the manufactures of the
North. Unless a modification of the tariff, or some
such measure as this should be passed, to check
these large importations, the manufacturing in-
terests of th« country would be prostrated. The
labor of Europe would be employed, (as it was
employed when the currency was so inflated in
1837,) to the exclusion of the labor of our own
country. This measure, then, will be greatly be-
neficial to the laboring classes of this country, by
securing to them a steady employment and regular
and good prices.
Mr. S. then adverted to the efforts making by the
Opposition to create the impression that the work-
ing classes would be injuriously effected by this
measure. He believed sincerely that it would [
operate most beneficially to the whole labe r,ng
community. It would operate as a protection to ,
the labor of this country of all kinds, to the exclu-
sion of the product of foreign labor. He then ad-
verted to the distress and pauperism produced in
England by the banking system at the present
time, and at past periods. He touched upon many
other topics in the discussion, which it is impossi-
ble to give a summary of; but it will be published
soon in fall.
Mr. BROWN of New York obtained the floor,  ¡
and spoke about three quarters of an hour in oppo-
sition to the bill, contending   that it   would not  j
strengthen the banks, or improve the currency, but  j
that it would, on the other hand, weaken the banks
by draining them of specie.   That it would not '
restrict their circulation.   He advanced many ob-
jections to it, which had been refuted in the previ-
ous part of the debate.
Mt. WHITE of Kentucky obtained the  floor,
but gave way to
Mr. STANLY, on whose motion the committee
rose, and then
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Fridav, June 5, 1840.
The CHAIR presented a message from the Presi-
dent of the United States, transmitting a report
irom the Secretary of War, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate, in relation to the sale or
exchange of Government drafts for bank notes;     i
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Also a message from the President, transmitting
a report from the Secretary of War, in compli-
ance with a resolution of the Senate, in relation to
the payment of Government creditors in depreci-
ated currency;
Also, a report from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the Se-  '
nate, a copy of Captain Sanders's report on the  i
improvement of the Falls of the Ohio river;              I
Which were severally laid on the table, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. LINN presented the memorial ef citizens
of Buchanan county, Missouri, praying for a post
route; which was referred to the Committee on the
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MERRICK presented a memorial of citi-
zens of the United States, praying that a report
may be made by the Committee on Agr culture, on
the comparative value of the fruits of the United
States for the table, and other branches of Agri- '
culture, &c.; which was referred to the Committee
on Agriculture, and ordered to be print d.
Mr. NORVELL presented the memorial of 386
inhabitants of the city of Washington.prayingfor the
11 renewal of the charter of said city, with certain
designated amendments thereto; which, after a de-
bate, in which Messrs. NORVELL, MERRICK,
ALLEN, LUMPKIN, CLAYTON, CLAY of
Alabama, SEVIER, TAPPAN, KING, and
CRITTENDEN, participated, was referred to a
select committee ot five, to be appointed by the
Chair.                                                                         i
The following Senators were appointed said
committee:
Messrs. Norvell, Kino, Prentiss, Pierce, and
Clay of Alabama.
Mr. BUCHANAN, from the Committee on Fo-
reign Relations, reported a bill for the relief of Au-
guste Davezac, William P. Jones, and Nathaniel
Niles; which was read, and ordered to a second
reading.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judici-
ary, to which was referred the bill for the relief of
the heirs of Matthew Lyon, and
The bill for the relief of Benjamin Fry, report-
ed the same without amendment.
Mr, W. from the same Committee, to which was
referred
The claim of Saunders and Porter;
The claim of Joseph Wallis, and the heirs of
Robert Leckie;
The claim of the heirs of Thomas Atkinson,
deceased;
made   adverse   reports   thereon; which were or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on ¡
Claims, to which was referred the bill for the relief |
of William R. Davis, reported the same without ¡
amendment.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred the bills from the
House
For the relief of the administrator and heirs of
John Lindsey, deceased;
For the relief of Elizabeth Case, widow of James
Case, deceased;                                                           ¡
For the relief of Conrad Widrig;
reported the same to the Senate, and recommended
that they do not passs.      .                                         j
Mr. PRESTON, from the Committee on the Li- ¡
brary, to which was referred the memorial of Alex- ,I
ander Vattemare, reported a bill in addition to ,'
acts now in force for the encouragement of learn- ,
ing, by securing the copies of maps, charts, and
books, to the authors and proprietors of such co- I
pies, during the times therein mentioned; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. MERRICK moved that when the Senate
adjourn, it adjourn to meet on Monday next.
Mr. SEVIER objected, and demanded the ayes :
and noes; which were ordered, and the motion was '
carried—ayes 34, nays 8.
Mr. SEVIER then moved that the motion fixing
a day for the adjournment of Congress tine die be
taken up; which, after some remarks from Messrs.
SEVIER, GRUNDY, WALKER, and CLAY of   I
Kentucky, was disagreed to.                                       j
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Philip Barbour, deceased, was considered as in
committee of the whole, and on the question shall
be engrossed, the vote was—ayes 20, nays 20 as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky
Clayton, Fulton, Knight, Linn, Merrick, Montón'
Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Sevier'
Smith of Indiana, Southard,Tallmadge, Walker'
White, and Young—20.                                         '
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Grundy,
Hubbard, King, Lumpkin, Nicholas, Norvell,
Pierce, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut, Strange,
Sturgeon, Wall,  Williams, and Wri ht—20.
The Vice President voting in the affirmative,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill making provision for the payment of
pensions to the executors or administrators of de-
ceased pensioners jn certain cases, was considered
as in committee pf the whole, and ordered to be en-
grossed for athi/d reading.
GENERAL BANKRUPT LAW.
The bill ^establish a general system of bank-
ruptcy vtsd then taken up, the question being on
thelnotiyn of Mr. Clay of Kentucky to strike out
the l8tlrsection, containing the compulsory clause.
ManLINN said, that by the courtesy of the Se-
nator from Massachusetts, (Mr. Webster) who
was entitled to the floor, he was permitted to ask
the attention of the Senate, for a very brief period.
Some few days since, when that portion of the
bill, embracing banking corporaions, was under
consideration, and whilst the Senator from South
Carolina (Mr. .Calhoun) was speaking on that
question, he had stepped into the room of the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims for a few minutes,
to seek for a paper connected with some business
which he had to transact at one of the public of-
fices. During his brief absence from the Senate
chamber, the vote was taken, and this important
portion of the 18th section was stricken out with-
out his name appearing among the ayes and noes.
He did not think proper then to ask the indulgence
of the Senate, to permit his name to be recorded,
nor would he do so now; although daring the pe-
riod he has been a member of the Senate this in-
dulgence has been granted to one or two gentle-
men. But he thought this was improper, and he
would not ask it in his own case, as he believed a
rigid adherence to the rule, a security to the conn-
try, and the immediate constituents of a member,
for his regalar attention to the important duties of
his station. His immediate friends and associates
cauld bear witness, that in private conversation he
had expressed himself very strongly in favor of
making banks responsible to the provisions of th s
bill, and that he made it almost a tint qua tun,
whether he would vote for any bankrupt bill that
did net contain it. Had he been present when the
vote was taken, he most certainly wonld have
voted in favor of retaining the clause adverted to;
and perhaps in the future course of the discussion,
he would submit his reasons for so doing.
Mr. WEBSTER then addressed the Senate at
length in favor of the motion of Mr. Clay, and
on the general merits of the question, and was re'
plied to by
Mr. WRIGHT, who contended that the effect
of a bill containing merely the voluntary provision,
would leave the creditor without remedy, and
would seriously affect if not destroy the credit of
our citizens in foreign countries.
After some further remarks by Messrs. WEB-
STER, CLAY of Kentucky, and WRIGHT, the
question was taken on triking out the 18th sec-
tion, and decided in the negative—ayes 17, nays
25, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Crittenden, Dixon,
Grundy, Huntington, Knight, Nicholas, Porter,
Prentiss, Smih of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge,
Webster, and While—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Cuthbert, Davis, Fulton, Hub-
bbard, King, Linn, Lampkin, Norvell, Pierce,
Preston, Roane, Robinson, Sevier, Smith of Con-
necticut, Tappan, Walker, Wall, Williams,
Wright, and Young—25.
