CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
44b
Mr. CRITTENDEN moved that the subject be
referred to a select committee.
Mr. HUBBARD moved that the further consi-
deration of the whole subject be indefinitely post-
poned.   In making this motion, Mr. H. said that
it was not his object, nor was it his wish, to pre-
vent any further discussion of this subject   that
night be desired.   He was anxious 10 hear all that
might be said.   But it was his entire conviction
that no bill conld be matured at the present ses-
sion.   To a portion of the Union the subject had
not engaged as yet much of the public attention,
and he was unwilling that any bill should be pass-
ed until more time should be allowed for the consi-
deration of this question ia all iu bearings.   The
bill from the committee, and the bills of other Se-
nators, had been printed, and the subject had been
debated, and  he was now disposed to leave the
whole matter for the consideration of the Ameri-
can people.    In his opinion no bill could he
passed   at   this    session,   and    it   seemed   to
him   that   the   time   had    arrived   when   the
Senate    should,    by    their    vote,-    determine
whether it was prepared to adopt a bankrupt sys-
tem, based upon the principles which had open
sanctioned by the votes already given.   The Senate
has distinctly, by is vote, determined to exclude all
corporations from   the  provisions   of a  bank-
rupt   system.     It   had    also    determined,    by
its   vote,   to   include   the   voluntary   and the
compulsory   principle.     These    opinions   have
been so clearly expressed  by  the votes of the
Senate, that the committee, who, it is proposed,
shall now take the subject into their farther consi-
deration, will undoubtedly feel themselves bound
to report back a bill embodying those principles,
and providing for their improvement by such de-
tails as they may consider necessary.   He there-
fore thought the Senate bad now better determine
whether it is prepared to adopt a bankrupt system,
embracing exclusively the principles already set-
tled by the action of the Senate.   He might be en-
tirely mistaken, but he was not prepared to believe
that a majority of the Senate would yield its assent
to such a system.  With these impressions, and be-
lieving that the Senate ought to express its opi-
nion upon the qaestion, he bad made the mo-
tion for indefinite postponement.   He was well
satisfied that no bill, matuied upon the principles
already settled, could be passed   at the present
session through both Houses of Congress.   He
thought, therefore, it would be advisable now to
take the question involved in the motion he bad
submitted; and that is, would it be proper to pass a
bankrupt bill based exclusively upon the principles
a* settled by the vote already taken in the Senate?
Bt tiumght net.
Mr. BUCHANAN expressed the hope that what
had been done would not be lost, but that the bill
would be referred, made as perfect as possible,
and, even if it could not be now passed, be sent
forth for information to the people.
Mr. CLAY spoke in favor, not of the indefinite
postponement, but of taking the vote upon it now,
to determine whether a majority of the Senate was
ia favor of a bill, in any form, on this subject.
Mr. WEBSTER spoke with great earnestness
against the indefinite postponement. The Senator
from New Hampshire might well vote for it, be-
cause he was opposed to the bill in every form.
Bat Mr. W. entreated Senators who were in favor
of such a bill at all, not to delay its passage to
another session.
Mr. NORVELLalso spoke emphatically against
the postponement.
Mr. CLAY said his sole object in desiring the
vote to be taken on this question now, was to see
if a majority of the Senate were in favor of passing
-the bill in any form.
Mr. HUBBARD said that he entertained a very
different opinion from that expressed by the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts. Much has been accom-
plished, and that much will not be lost. The bill
reported by a majority of the Committee on the
Judiciary has been for some weeks before the Se-
nate. It has been most ably sustained by some of
the most distinguished members of this body.
Their speeches have been printed. The bill and
their speeches have already attracted the attention
of some portions of the country.   In some of our
largest commercial cities, that bill, and the  views
of those Senators who have embarked in the sup-
port of that measure, have excited no inconsidera-
ble degree of attention.   The memorial presented
to the Senate by the Board of Trade of the city cf
New York,is full evidence of that fact. That bill has
also been opposed by Senators, and their views
will be given to the public.   And can  it be said
that   alt this   is   for  nought?—that   unless the
measure    is    now   perfected,   what   has   been
done will be lost to the country?   This will not
be  the case.   The Ameiican people are by no
means indifferent to this measure.   The memorials
upon the table of the Senate, calling for the passage
of a bankrupt bill, show that the attention of one
portion of the community is awakened to th« im-
portance of this measure.   The remonstrances up-
on the table show that another portion is alarmed
at the consequences of any action upon the mea-
sure at this time.   By one memorial it is recom-
mended that no bill should pass, to take effect until
after the first day of January next.   These things
show that the public mind is not entirely prepared
for any paiticular bankrupt system.   He therefore
thought the whole matter had better be postponed.
And, as it respects the amendment submitted by the
Senator from New Jersey, that had also been print-
ed, and the views of that Senator had gone forth
to the public.   It was then idle to say that all this
would be lost, if the Senate left the subject unperfect-
ed.   He thought differently.   Senators themselves
are divided, and much divided, not only upon the
constitutionality, but upon the expediency of the
measure.   He therefore was clearly of the opinion
that the Senate should proceed no further at this
session.   Let what has been done go to our con-
stituents, and in a very few months the Senate will
reassemble and be fully prepared to assert  and
maintain the opinions of the American people upon
this important question.     He hoped  the Senate
would agree to his motion.
Mr. LUMPKIN said he should vote against the
postponement; for, although he could vote for the
bill in no form in which it bad yet been presented,
he was not prepaied to say he would be against it
in every form.
Mr. ALLEN and Mr. WALL also having
spoken briefly against the postponement,
Mr. HUBBARD said he would withdraw his
motion; but Mr. Walker objecting, and the yeas
and nays having been ordered, it could not be
withdrawn.
Mr. WALKER spoke emphatically in favor of
speedily passing such a bill, (including the banks,
if it could be done,) and insisted that publicopinion
would soon render it inevitable.
Mr. HUBBARD, in reply, said, that he had sig
nified a wish to withdraw bis motion, to oblige hi
friends, and for the very reason that no test vote ■
could be taken. He was utterly surprised, that the
Senator from Mississippi should interpose any ob-
jection. Does he suppose that he [Mr. H.] had
expressed a willingness to withdraw it, for the rea-
son that he was unwilling, or not prepared, to meet
the question? That Senator would find himself
mistaken. As it respected himself, it was matter
of perfect indifference to him, whether the motion
was withdrawn or not: he was ready to vote upon
it; and if there was not another member of the Se-
nate voted as he should, he was content that his
vote should stand alone. The Senator will recol-
lect, that while this bill was under debate, he sug-
gested his purpose of moving, after the debate
should he clored for the day, to lay the whole mat-
ter upon the table.
He was anxious to ascertain the opinion of the
Senate as to the propriety of passing a bill em-
bracing exclusively the principles which had been
sanctioned by the votes of the Senate. The Sena-
tor suggested an objection to the course proposed;
and intimated that it was his purpose further to
debate the subject. As soon as the Senator had
intimated his wish, he gave him to understand that
he (Mr. H) would make no such motion. He did
this to accommodate that Senator, and to afford
him the opportunity farther to debato the subject
if he pleased. And when he had offered his
motion to postpone, he expressly said that the mo-
tion was not made to prevent discussion; and now
the Senator objects to his withdrawing the notion
because he wishes to test the opinion of the Senaie,
when he must be satisfied, from the remarks
made by different Senators, that no test vote can
be given. But as it respected himself, it was of
no earthly importance. He should have been
willing to have withdrawn his motion, as that is ob-
jected to. He hoped the yeas and nay  would be
taken; and the result will show at least one vote
given with great pleasure for the motion.
After some further remarks by Messrs GRUN-
DY, CALHOUN, CLAY of Kentucky, aad
SMITH of Indiana,                                "
Mr. PIERCE said: Mr. President, I would have
no Senator suppose, after the elaborate discussion
that has taken place upon this bill, that I rise to
present any poor arguments of my own. Much
less, sir, is it my desire to expatiate upon the sym-
pathy I feel for the debtor, or the desire I entertain
to see the creditor fairly and justly protected in
rights, which have accrued under existing laws of
the land. I do not, however, admit a less lively
regard on my part for the true interests of bota
classes, than is cherished by those who are more
profuse in their professions.
Sir, in this stage of the bill I rise for another pur-
pose; ii is to say to the Senator from Ind ana, that
neither he nor any other gentleman can prescribe
to me what is to be regarded as a test question. No
man shall make up for me an issue here or else-
where without my participation. I take a practical
view of things; take them as they are—as they
happen to be presented at the time, when I am
called upon to vote; not as by possibility they may
be at a future time and on another occasion. My
colleague has moved to postpone indefinitely—what?
Not the whole subject of a "uniform system of
bankruptcy," but, after full argument and various
important amendments, the bill in its present shape.
He has, so far as I have heard, expressed no
opinion against such a system, sufficiently
broad and suitably guarded, but he has
moved to postpone this bill in its present
form, and no other. Upon that qaestion I am
called upon to record my ay or no. After all
that has been said upon both sides of the cham-
ber, I would have been better pleased, if my friend
from Mississippi [Mr. Walker] had allowed my
colleigue to withdraw his motion, because it is
perfectly apparent, that the vote will express no-
thing, literally nothing, relative to the ultimate fate
of this bill. Perhaps I am mistaken—it may foster
hopes never to be realized. It may raise the expec-
tations of the indebted class to the pinnacle of hope
to-dáy, to be plunged to the depths of despair to-
morrow. This no Senator desires to do, and I ap-
peal to all, whether the vote will not probably car-
ry out to the public miad a false and delusive im-
pression.
What have we done? We have stricken oat
corporations, ia my judgment, the most important,
if not the redeemine provision of the bill, and we
have sustained the voluntary and compulsory fea-
tures, and lliis embraces all the material principles
settled—but various provisions have been erased
and some sections stricken out—besides, no ques-
tion has yet been taken on the amendment of the
minority of the committee, as amended. New, in
this state of things, I fully appreciate and acknow-
ledge the force of the views of the Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr.¡ Buchanan.] He does not be-
lieve a bankrupt bill can be so framed in this body,
as to secure his vote; but he desires to examine it in
its best shape; in its perfected form, after the labor of
its friends shall have been exhausted. He desire ,
before he voles, to see it embodied and compact,
so that its provisions, whatever they may be,
can be readily comprehended by his constituents
and mine. I should be glad to have it thus pre-
sented, too, although I do not believe that any great
change can be made by the committee—that is, no
change affecting materially the principles involved
—and ia this concltnion I am warranted by the
votes that have already been taken. Now, sir, al-
though I could desire precisely what the Senator
seeks, I am compelled to vote upon the state of
facts as they exist My colleague is not permitted
to withdraw his motion.   Let no man suppose that
