448
public travel; according lo which statement his
mileage shall be charged, and that said itatement
of mileage shall be published íh the journal of the
House.
Mr. CAMPBELL of Tennessee gave notice
that if the rules were suspended, he would move
the following as a substitute:
"That the Committee on Mileage be instructed to
report a bill preset ibing that the mileage allowed
to members oí Congress shall be computed upon
the nearest mail route lrom their residences to the
seat of Government; and that said committee be
instructed to report to the Sergeant-at-Arms the
mileage of the members thereof, to be computed
upon the nearest mail route from their residences
to the seat of Government.
Mr. JAMESON gave notice that he would pro-
pose the following as an amendment, viz:
uResolved, That the Committee on Mileage be
authorized, if satisfied of any mistake they may
have made in the calculation of the mileage of any
member, to correct the same.
The question being on suspending the rules, for   i
the reception of the resolution of Mr. Black,
Mr. CROSS demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion; which, having been ordered, were—
yeas 53, nays 94.
So the rules were not suspended.
Some conversation here took place between Mr.
WILLIAMS of Connecticut and Mr.ALFORD, as
to the power of the committee over the subject.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked that the rules might be
suspended to receive the bill and report, that the
same might be printed.
Mr. REED demanded the yeas and nays on the
motion; which, having been ordered, were—yeas
167, nays 48.
So the rules having been suspended;
The bill and report were received.
The bill was read the second time.
Mr. CAMPBELL of Tennessee moved so to
amend it that the law take effect immediately after
its passage.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the bill was
committed, and the bill and report were ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS of Connecticut moved to post-
pone the further consideration of the bill till Tues-
day next, and that it be made the special order for
one hour on that day.
The yeas and nays having been called for, and
.ordered on that motion, were—yeas 89, nays 47—
not being two-thirds, the motion was lost.
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved to suspend the
rules, so that the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee ef the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANLY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution of Mr. McKay was adopted
on yesterday, calling on the Postmaster General for
information in relation to the alleged defalcation
of the postmaster at Baton Rouge, with the view of
submitting a resolution authorizing the Postmaster
General to secure all the correspondence between
* himself and all the postmasters, and deposite the
same in the fire proof vaults of the Treasury build-
ing; that such correspondence may not again be
destroyed by fire.
Objections having been made,
Mr. STANLY moved to suspend the rules to
enable him to offer it.
The CHAIR said it was not in order, there be-
ing already one motion to suspend the rules pend-
ing.
The question was then taken on suspending the
rules to go into Committee of the Whole on the
btate of the Union, and agreed to.
. The SPEAKER laid before the House the fol-
lowing communication from the President of the
United States, viz:
' To the House of Representatives:
I herewith submit a report from the Secretary of
the Treasury, showing the progress made in com-
plying with the requirements of a resolution, passed
February 6, 1839, concerning the mineral lands of
the United States. The documents he communi-
cates contain much important information on the
subject of these lands; and a plan for the sale of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tbera is in a course of preparation, and will be
presented as soon as completed.
M. VAN BUREN.
June 4th, 1840.
On motion of Mr. CAVE JOHNSON, referred to
the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. STEWART of Illinois moved lhat five
thousand extra copies be printed.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moved that ten thousand
addi'ional copies be printed.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON objected, and the mo-
tion accordingly lies over one day under the rule.
The bill on the Speaker's table, entitled an act
concerning prisoners of the United Slates commit-
ted to the jail ot the county of Providence, in
Rhode Island, was read twice, and by special order
the third time, and passed.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
The House then resolved itself into a Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and re-
sumed the consideration of lhe Independent Trea-
sury bill.
Mr. RAMSEY being entitled to the floor, spoke
at some length in favor of the bill, and in confut-
ing the sophistical arguments which had been urged
in support of the paper system. He took a review
of.those countries in which the banking system had
been for ages unknown, and showed from histori-
cal facts that a fluctuating paper currency was not,
as had been contended, essential to the prosperity
of a nation.    He had not proceeded far, when
The hour for taking the usual recess having ar-
rived,
The committee rose, and the Speaker resumed
the chair for the purpose of announcing that fact,
when
Mr. STANLY moved to adjourn; on when mo-
tion the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DROMGOOLE wished, before the motion
was put, to have read, for information, a resolu-
tioa proposing an alteration in the daily hour of
meeting to 10 o'clock, a. ra.
The resolution having been read,
Mr. D. wished to submit it, but objection being
made, and the motiun to adjourn insisted upon,
Mr. D. inquired of the Chair wheiher, after the
hour of recess had arrived, the motion to adjourn
could be íeceived.
The SPEAKER replied, it could only be re-
ceived by general consent.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then said he would object
to it, and insist upon the recess; which was taken
accordingly.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess,
The SPEAKER resumed the chair, the question
pending on the motion of Mr. Stanly to adjourn,
and on which motion the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
After some debate of a desultory character, the
question was taken on the motion to adjourn, and
resulted as follows: yeas 7, nays 27.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMES then moved that the House again
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. ADAMS and others objected, on the ground
that there was no quorum present.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House,
but it was not ordered.
The motion that the House go again into com-
mittee was then renewed.
Mr. ADAMS objected, as there was no House
present.
The motion to adjourn was then renewed, and
on being put, was again rejected—yeas 29, nays
48.
Mr. MORGAN moved a call of the House.
Mr. JAMESON, on that motion, demanded the
yeas and nays; which being ordered, were—yeas
49, nays 37. So the call was ordered, and pro-
ceeded in until 95 members answered to their
names.
The motion to adjourn was then renewed, and
decided by yeas and nays as follows: yeas 46, nays
44.   So at 5, p. m.
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monday, June 8, 1840.
The CHAIR presented a report from the Secrc
tary of War, transmitting documents in relation to
the proceedings for the recovery of the Pea patch
!   island; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
i Mr. NICHOLAS presented the memorial of the
I underwriter of the city of New Orleans, remon-
strating against the repeal of the pilot laws of 1837-
which was referred to the Committee on Commerce
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
to which was referred the bill from the House to
; ensure the  more faithful execution of the laws re-
lating to the collection of duties on imports, report-
ed the same with various amendments.   The bill,
as proposed  to be amended,  was  ordered to be
printed; and Mr. W. said that he was instructed by
the committee to give notice that he would ask for its
j   consideration at the earliest day it would be con ve-
il' merit after the bill was printed.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to which was referred the bills from the
House,
For the relief of John Roberts; and
For the relief of William J. Roberts, and Wil-
liam Detherage;
made unlavorabie reports thereon; which were or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. STRANGE, from the Committee on Pa-
tents, to which was refeired the bill for the relief of
John W. Faunce and Oliver Perrin, reported the
same without amendment.
Mr. PIERCE, from the committee on Pensions,
to which was referred the bill* from the House
For the relief of Ann Bloomfield; and
For the relief of Michael Seitzinger;
made unfavorable reports thereon, which were or-
dered to be printed.
The bill making provisions for the payment of
pensions to the executors and administrators of de-
ceased pensioners in certain cases, was read a third
time, and passed.
The bill for the relief of the legal representatives
of Philip Barbour, deceased, was read a third time,
and passed—ayes 24, noes 20.
The bill for the relief of General Duncan L.
Clinch was taken up as in committee of the whole,
and the question being on  the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee on Claims, it was agreed
to—ayes 21, noes 17; and the  bill  was then or-
dered to be engrossed for a third reading.
1     Mr. ROANE moved that there be printed for the
11 use of the Senate, ten thousand extra copies of the
',   report made by the Committee on the Militia on
'   Thursday last; which, at the suggestion of Mr.
i Norvell, he modified so as to make it twenty
I thousand.
On this motion a long and animated debate took
l place, in which Messrs. ROANE, CLAY of Ala-
bama,   PRESTON,   WEBSTER,   KING,   and
|   WALKER, participated; when its further conside-
ration was postponed until Wednesday.
Mr. PRESTON then moved that the letter of
Mr. Poinsett, containing his projet for organizing
and disciplining the militia, be printed; which, at the
suggestion of Mr. Walker, was modified by in-
I eluding the letter of Mr. Poinsett to the chairman
I of the Committee on the Militia.
';     Mr. CLAY of Alabama then proposed to amend
I¡ by  including the reports made by Gen. Harrison,
| on the same subject, while he was chairman of the
I Committee on the Militia, in the year 1817,1818,
i and 1819
This was opposed, as an amendment, by Messrs.
WEBSTER and PRESTON, but Mr. Cla  in-
i sisting on it, and asking the yeas and nays, Mr.
Webster withdrew his opposition.
\      The amendment was then agreed to, and the
l   resolution, as amended, adopted.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, June 8, 1840.
This being the day set apart by the rules for the
reception of petitions,
Mr. J. W. JONES moved that the rules be  m 
