45$
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mil ;ons of dinars, what nun is there, I ask, that l 
 s compelled to look to hn own honest lahor lor sup-  '
port, who will resist   the reformation of a  system
that leaiN :o <ueh incredible  inequality and injus-
heal
The «nugsr'e going on in the United States be-
tween the pe ^p'e and the banks, is of a cast similar
to that wh <-h    ' cancel en in Eng'and between
the Government   and  ecele^iasiical corporations.
A gmt portion of 'he learnin  of the day was, in
•the earlier periods of that country, oonnned to the
tlerftv.   This gave them an unbounded influence
aroand the thione, at the same time working upon
the m<nds of the people, who were accustomed to
look op to them for advice, in temporal as well as
spiritual aflairs; they induced many, during their
1 res, to con rey, and many by will to devise, their
property to monastanes and other religions houses.
The amount of property accumulated by these reli-
gions corporations was so vast, that  t^ev became
injurious  if not dangerous, to the Government; so
much «o, as <o humble some of the British monarchs,
and obtain an absolute control over others.    In the
rewn of Henry HI. the straggle commenced to be
released  from  these overgrown corporations.    As
fast a- the  English Parliament passed one statute
prohibiting individual" giving the r property to such
institution^  by  ingenious construction the statute
would be evaded.   Statu'e after statute was passed,
and statute after statnt  was rendered nugatory—
the desire to ho'd prone-ty sharpened the ingenuity,
by which expedients were devised to evade the acts
of Parliament and  in this, as Sir Edward Coke
©• erved, " were to be commended, that they ever
had, of their counsel, the best learned  men that
they could get "                         t
How f¿T the banking institutions of the United
States have profited by the eximple in retaining
the most eminent coun«el in their soi's, the coot's
of justice  will tell.    This struggle continued for
centones, before the Government  succeeded   in
placing an effectual curb on religious corporations,
• with regard to the accumulation of property. Now,
sir, if ecclesiastical corporations were able to con-
tend for so grea> a length of time against the great
power wielded by the British crown, and against a
senes of statutes, enacted by  a  body that holds
itself" to be omnipotent*'—^aeb statute, to , being
a deadly spear inflicted in the body of the corpora-
tions it was  aimed at,   what kind   of astruggle
are we to expect with corporate despotism*, whose
whose  soul  is money—whose power is money—
whos* influence is money?   Will we be justified by
our consntuents in adding to this power, by pour-
ing the public money into their hands')   No ; they
will tell us the Government is cherishing a viper
in its bosom, that will some dav sting it home.
There w now in the United States banking capi-
tal of a fraction over four hundred millions of dol-
lars This amount lays comparatively dead; what
I mean by the expression is, that its benefits are
confined to the bankers and the few who are fa-
vored by them; it h not so universally diffused, that
the laboring classes, able to give good and sufficient
.security, can at all times have such access to it by
loan as he could, if that amount of espita! was in
the hands of indtvilua's. I look upon this great
capital as being in the precise situation of the pro-
perty formerly held by th  religious corporations
of England, France, and Spain. It may be alleged
this capital is in circulation in loans to «he trailing
community—true it is, and s  were the monastic
estates leased to tenants; still they were considered
by their Govefnm"nts as dead capital; thry were
not as well farmed as if they had been owned by
:r-dividua's. It was considered the leadng mea-
sure of the administraron of Henry VIII, when
he broke up tho«e estates, so great was the benefit
that resulted to England by that measure. France
imitated the example, and some authors contended
that the resctte cf the property from the clersy,
more than coun'erbalanced tne evils resulting from
her sanguinary revolutionary struggle Spain is
now experiencing the benefis of a similar policy.
I wish not to be understood as advocating a confis-
cation of banking capita!. I urge these examples
10 «how the necessity we are under in the United
States to restrict this great and growing power.
It is urged that this bill entrusts too large an
amount of money to the hands of individuals, that
they may appropriate it to their own use. The
thirst for wealth has led many an unfortunate
being astray, who otherwise would have been an
upright citizen. I would ask, however, if the
revenue was in bank vaults, would it not still be
under the control of individuals possessed of like
passions and feelings; ay, under the control of men,
who, however gross and flagitious may be their
conduct in their corporate capacity, are not per-
sonally responsible to the laws ? If an individual
is entrusted with any public money, and em-
beriles part of it, you may sue out your process
from the courts of justics; you may levy, and sell
his goods, and so enforce payment to the extent of
hts uttermost farthing; nor is this all the remedy
you have left. This bill brands him a felon, and
consigns him to a felon's punishment. Let the
banks be the depositories of the public funds, and
refuse to pay any portion out; and where is your
remedy? Yon may sne them, and obtain a judg-
ment; here your remedy end ; the cashier will turn
the key of the vault, and your redress is gone.
Even r-hould you be assured the very ¡>ame money,
dollar for dollar, was in the vault that was depo-
sited there as revenue; yet you cannot touch it by
reason of the bulwarks thrown around these cor-
porate despotisms by the laws of the land. An in-
dividual maybe compelled to pay; a corporation
cannot. It is true individuals may abscond with
the public money; and may not bank officers carry
off its funds and the depositrs of Government?
Have we never heard of such an event bappen-
pening as a president, a cashier, an agent of a
banking institution, fleeing with its funds to Cana-
da, to Texas, or Europe, as fast as an unfortunate
Israelite in olden time, with blood upon his
head, escaping to his city of refuge.
One of the evils resulting from Government
making u«e of the banks as depositories of the
public money, is, that for the purposes of gain, the
bankers issue more of their notes in proportion to
the amount of their specie, than they would have
done, had they not been the fiscal agents of the Go-
vernment—depending on those funds, the banks
issue paper to an amount which, if resting on
their own resources, would not only bring ruin on
themselves, but all connected with them in busi-
ness. If the Government, in some sudden emer-
gency, finds it necessary to make an appropriation
of the whole amount of its revenues in the vaults,
after a considerable sum had been for some time
accumulated there, a drain of the vaults would be
the inevitable consequence, and instead of there
being a due proportion of specie to the notes in cir-
culation, there will be such an excess of paper
afloat, that the bank must break, or, to use the
bankers' modern phrase, must suspend spee'e pay-
ments. This is not a mere fancy sketch—unfortu-
nately for Ihe people of the United States, the po-
sition has been practically illustrated. • When the
act of Congress was passed in July, 1836, d reel-
ing a distribution of the surplus revenue in the
banks lo the different Stales by instalments, one
was paid in the fall of that year; another was paid
in the spring following, and that very same spring
the banks suspended specie payments. Whilst
speaking on this point, I would advert to the
charges so frequently made, both here and else-
where, against the Administration, as the cause of
the Treasury now being empty. Was the Treasu-
ry not full until this distribution of the twenty-
eight millions of dollars took place? None will de-
ny it. That, and the extension given by Congress
of the time for the payment of the bonds given by
the New York merchants, for duties to the amount
ot five millions of dollars, was the causa of our
exhausted Treasury. Did not the same party,
which now makes this as a charge against the Ad-
ministration, vote for the enactment of the laws
that caused this state of things? And where were
loader comp'aints raised about an empty Treasury
than in the city of New York, where resided the
men who were the most benefitted by the measure?
Can men with propriety charge an Administration
with improper management, when they themselves
are so deeply steeped in the same offence?
The last suspension of   specie payments was
brought about by the United States Bank of Penn-
sylvania—it was the first to propose the measure,
and the first that set the example. The State
banks, although backed by the revenues of the Go-
vernment, were unable to resist its power, and fol-
lowed the example. If we profit by past expe-
rience, we cannot permit them to remain as the
depositories of the public money. It is neither
sate nor honorable in our Government to permit
the revenues to be in the custody of a league of
banks, that are at the mercy of a corporate power
of the same species, created by a State Govern-
ment. The use of banks that must retain or pay
the public money, at the nod of a corporation
brought into existence by only one out of this great
confederacy of States, is virtually placing the Go-
vernment funds under the control of any one of our
leagued Commonwealths that may see proper to
charter a bank with an unusually large capital. The
reason of State banks running into such excesses,
is said to be the want of a National Bank to re-
strain them iti their issues. I cannot see the good
that would result from that measure. If the Legis-
latures of States are unable to restrain the creatures
of their own creation, how can a National Bank do
it for them? Should a National Bank be created
for this purpose, the question would follow, what
power would control it? for Congress could exer-
cise no more restraint over a National Bank, than
States could over theirs.
Many petitions have been presented at thepre-
1   sent session of Congress.pray inz that the duties upon
1   imported articles should be increased so  as to af-
ford a protection to the productions of this country.
I will exhibit a few statistical tables which go far
to  prove that the p-eat source of relief lies in ano-
ther quarter—that the different Commonwealths in
\   the Union have a corrective  power in  their own
hands—that petitions to the Legislatures of their
I  States to place the banking institutions under pro-
j  per restrictions, and  remonstrating against their
I  authorities   negotiating   their   public loans from
banks, will go as far in checking an excessive im-
dortation of manufactured articles as will any legis-
lating on the part of Congress as modifying the tariff
laws.
The statistics I shall exhibit in proof of my po-
sition, to my mind conclusively proves the injury
inflicted on the country by raising money from the
banks in the shape of loans on bonds and stocks,
given on the credit of the States. These bonds
are plainly to be traced in their effects, from the
time they swell the investments of banks in "stocks
and other securities," until the day they are re-
turned to the United States in foreign goods.
For five years previous to 1835 the aggregate
amount of State loans was $40,002,769, being an
average of $8,000,554 to each year. From 1835
to 1838 (say 34 years) they increased to the
amount of 1108,233,808, being an annual average
#30,921,088.
For thsj purpose of showing that the] greater
portion of the above State loans were taken by the
banks, I will show by the report of the Secretary of
the Treasury, that just in proportion as the loans
increased by the States, so was the increase of in-
vestments made by banks in "sfocfcs and other «cu-
ri'M«," in which are included the State loans-
there being no specific return of that item of in-
vestment, viz:
In 1833       ....     #7,836,743
1834    ....      13,852,803
1835    ....      21,684,545
1836    -    -    -    -      22,830,742
1837    ....      58,102,721
The next inquiry that suggests itself is what
kind of currency did the banks give the States
when they accepted their bonds and certificates of
loan. Was it in gold and silver? The paper mo-
ney put into circulation immediately after the
loans wete taken, clearly demonstrate that the ad-
vancement to the States for their bonds, was com-
posed of a paper currency, and that, too, of the
worst kind. You will observe in what regular pro-
portion the amounts of paper circu'ation increased
with the investments of banks in "stocks," viz:
In 1833          -          -          -          #94,839,570
1834      -    -    -     103,692,495
1835      -    -    -    140,801,038
