CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
453
1836          -          -          •          149,185,890
1937          -          -                     116,138,910
showing a  increase from 1834 to 1836 of paper
issuee to the amount of near forty-six millions of
do'lars; and what was the constquence?    In 1837
a s'Vipension of specie payments ensued, leaving
a fraction wanting of one hundred and fifty mil-
lions of bank paper in the hands of the people. An
inflated, irredeemable paper currency flooded over
the country is the first evil that results from the
Sutes borrowing money from the banks. We have
now traced the State bonds into the banks—what
then becomes of tbetn, is the next point to he
ascertained.    It is gen?rally known that   these
bonds are transferred to Europe, and sold in that
country.   I will, however, refer you to the words
of an American  agent in London for the sale
of stocks, when he appealed to the British capi-
talists to purchase  theie bond*:    "The capital
borrowed by the  United States," says he,  "is
transferred by bills from the banker to the mer-
chant, and is taken to America, not in bullion, but
in British Geons; every investment made, while it
adds to the income of the capitalist (that is the
British capitalist) swells the profits of the British
manufacturer."   The declaration of this agent—
the amount of importations of goods and specie
during the periods these loans were taken by the
banks—to which I shall presently refer, and the
history of the times, all show that the State loans
have been transferred to Europe,  and, by the
means of bills of exchange to the importing mer-
chants, returned into the United States in goods and
manufactured articles.    I   will refer to the im-
portations during this period, which, in my mind,
fully establishes the position I have assumed, when
taken in connection with the tables I have already
exhibited.   I shall first exhibit the neit amount
of > specie imported into the United States after de-
ducting the exports, viz:
In 1833         -          -          -       $4,458,667
1834         -          -          -       15,834,875
1835         -          -          -         6,653,672
1836         -          -          -         9,076,545
1837         -          -          -        4,530,165
1838         -          -          -       14,233,550
When you compare the specie imports with the
loans made by States, you will perceive at a single
glance, how intimate is ths connection between
them—how hand in hand they progress in the work
of mischief to the community. In 1634, when the
States only took loans to the amount of $8,000,554,
the nett import of specie into the country was
$15,834,875. In 1837, when the States took loans
to the amount of $30,021,088, the net imports of
specie was only $4,530,165. The loans having in-
creased nearly one-fourth, whilst the nett import of
specie decreased in nearly the same ratio until 1838,
when it increased, by reason of the high premium
paid for it during the suspension of specie pay-
ments. You will, by examination, observe the
same proportional increase exists between the State
loans and the value of imports retained in the United
Slates for consumption, viz:
In 1833       -          -          -       $88,295,576
1834    -    -    -   103,208,521
1835    -    -    -   129,391,247
1836    -    -    -   168,233,675
1837    -    -    -   119,134,255
1838       -          -          -       101,264,804
Each year, as the loans taken by the States in-
creased, so also was the increase of importation of
foreign goods, running side by side until 1837, when
there was a decrease of importations, caused by tne
suspension of specie payments, which rendered the
importers more cautious, and prevented the sales of
bills of exchange.   The feature of this importation
that operates mos; injuriously, is cotton manufac-
tures, woollens, and iron.   Articles that are pro-
duced and manufactured in this country, by this
process of banking, are brought into our markets
to the injury of oar industrious mechanics and en-
terprising manufacturers. The value of those items
are:
In 1833      -         -          .       $28,665,721
1834       -          -          .        26,059,067
1835       -          -          -        34,356,994
1836       -          -          .         43,527,265
1837       -          -          .        26,513,937
1838       -          :          -       80,985,364
The foregoing statistical tables exhibit this state
of fact3. The States borrow the paper issues of
the banks, and, in return, give bonds, for which
the faiih of the States is pledged. These bonds are
transferred to Europe by the banks, and sold to
the capitalists of that country. The proceeds of
thatsaleare returned into the UnitedlStates in foreign
goods on bills of exchange drawn in favor of the
importing merchants. The evils are threefold that
result from States taking loans from banks; and
these loans being dispos«d of in the manner I have
desiribed. 1st. The country is flooded with an un-
safe paper currency. 2J. It furnishes the facilities
by which articlrs of foreign manufacture are im-
ported into this countty, to the injury of our work-
ing community. And, 3d. The State bonds are
left in the hands of European bankers, and the in-
terest must annually be paid them in gold and sil-
ver—furnishing a channel by which the precious
metals will be continually drained from the United
States. Such are my premises. Am I not correct
in my conclusion—that interference on the part of
State Legislatures in correcting the abuses of the
banking system—and no longer taking State .loans
from those institutions, will go as far in protecting
our own industry as will any action in Congress in
modifying the tariff duties.
The greatest evils inflicted on our community
result from an excessive importation of goods and
speculations in public lands. To no other cause
can those evils be so justly attributed as to the
banking institutions. The capital on which the
«oods are imported and speculations are based, is
furnished by the banks. As that capital is in-
creased in loans, so increases the amount of sales
of land and of imporis; the total of duties on im-
ports-' and prices of lands increasing in the same
proportion. This money, when the whole bill gees
into operation, must be paid into the United States
Treasury in gold and silver. The specie clause
in this bill will operate as a check upoa banks, cir-
culating more than a safe proportion of notes to
the amount of specie in their vaults; if they at any
time, by an increase of facilities, cause a readier
sale of land-;, or an increased importation of
goods, just to the extent of that increase will the
receipts exceed the expenditures, and that surplus,
by the requirements of this law, as I before ob-
served, will have to lay in the Treasury in gold
and silver. The effects of this excess will soon
make itself perceptible to the banks in the with-
drawal of specie from their vaults. They will be
compelled, in self-preservation, to suspend their
profuse loans of money, and by this means cut off
the source from whence this superabundance of
gold and silver is accumulated in the Treasury.
This bill, in that respect, will operate as some check
upon banks flooding the country with their notes—
it will assist in protecting the settler upon the pub-
lic lands from the machinations of the heartless
speculator—it will, in partially preventing the ex-
cessive importations of foreign goods, throw a
stronger defence around the industrious mechanic
and the enterprising manufacturer. Here I would
answer the objection urged against the bill, that it
will withdraw a large amount of specie from cir-
culation. This amount will only be the excess of
receipts over the expenditures. Unless the banks
themselves, by an undue expansion, bring about a
contrary state of things, the receipts and expenses
of Government will be probably about the same
after 1842, when the duties en imports will be at
the lowest rates.
The honorable gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Cüshing] has compared the Government to
"a bruised and broken patient," and recommended
the calling in of "Doctor Harrison." A few
words in answer, and I shall have done. The prin-
ciples on which this Administration base their pub-
lic acts, are precisely the same that have actuated
every Administration save two, from the days of
Washington down to the present time. Point me,
- if you can, to a nation, ancient or modern, that has
hastened with such unparalleled speed to prosperi-
ty as has the United States. Her citizens are hap-
py at home; her name is respected abroad; her com-
merce is spread over the world; her sails whiten
every sea. Such are the results of the course now
pursued by the Administration,   Say, then, would
it not be folly—madness in the extreme, for us to
abandon these well tried principles, and resort to
"Dr. Harrison" and the Utopian schemes of our
adver?arie ?
The hour having arrived, the House took its
usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess, the House went again into
Committee of the Whole, and
Mr. MARCHAND resumed and concluded his
remarks, which will appear as early as conve-
nient.
Mr. UNDERWOOD then took the floor, and
proceeded to speak of the bill in it financial and
political character, aad its character as a currency.
He commenced with an attempt to prove that a
National B.tnk would be the safer and more eco-
nomical mode of disbursing the public money,
and that the creation of such an institution by
Congress would be constitutional. He also ar-
gued, that Congress had the power to control the
State banks as depositories, by issuing attachments
against them on the *asne principles as against in-
dividuals, if they should prove in default to the Go-
vernment.
Without concluding, at 25 minutes before seven
o'clock, h« gave way te a motion that the commit-
tee rise.
The motion prevailed; the committee rose; and
Mr. EVANS moved an adjournment.
The yeas and nays were asked and ordered, and,
being taken, were—yeas 38, nays 44.
So the House refused to adjourn; but no quo-
rum voted.
Mr. DROMGOOLE put an inquiry to the Chair,
the object of whieh was understood to be, whether
less than a quorum could change the hour of meet-
ing to 10 o'clock.
The SPEAKER answered in the negative.
Mr. UNDERWOOD proposed that, by gene-
ral consent, the House should go back into com-
mittee.
Objection was made.
Mr. MONROE moved a call of the House.
Mr. ADAMS asked the yeas and nays.
Mr. STANLY moved an adjournment.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered, and, being taken, were—yea3
56, nays 38.
So the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tüesdav, June 9,1840.
The CHAIR submitted a report from the Trea-
sury Department, in relation to the report of Mr.
Owen, on the Geology and Mineralogy of the Ter-
ritory of Iowa; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Also, a report from the Navy Department, trans-
mitting the report of the board of officers, appoint-
ed to witness an exhibition of Mighill Nutting's
patent cylinder firearms; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. PHELPS submitted a resolution for chang-
ing the hour of meeting of the Seaate from 11 to
12 o'clock.
Mr. SEVIER would merely state, that, for his
part, he would make no further oppositi m, if the
Senate would propose to meet at 2 or 3 o'clock.
From all appearances, the session would not be
terminated until some time in the fall, and it was
of little consequence what was their hour of meet-
ing.
Mr. LUMPKIN of Georgia said he hoped
that the resolution would not be considered
without a quorum ef the Senate being pre-
sent. There was obviously no quorum now pre
senu If the Senate thought proper to change
the hour, he would no longer attempt to resist the
will of that majority, who had, from time to time,
resisted his efforts to bring the present session of
Congress to a close at some reasonable day. He
had upon this subject discharged bis duty, tie
felt that it was useless to make further efforts nere.
He would hereafter look to the people to correct
the evils of unnecessarily extended sesnons of
Congress. When be left hire, he should feel him-
self at liberty to give the psople the truth, the
