456
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Mr. Hillen] to repeal the law of 1837 regulating
pilots.
Mr. CURTÍS, who was still entitled to floor, re-
suirei his remarks iu opposition to the bill and in
favor of the mutuu to ie.?0'iimit. Hj commenced
by reading various affidavits, ihowni^ the ineffi-
ciency of those pilots piior te the passage of the
law of 1837. He showed that a combination ex-
iste 1, the effect of which was that the pilots failed
to discharge their du'y—they became n gligv'ntand
inefficient. There was no inducement tor them to
do their duty, because there was no competition.
Crying evils, which he enumerated, existe I pre-
vions to the passage of the law of 1837. The
effect of the repeal' of this law will be a re-
currence of those evils.
Before this law was passed, the New York pilots
could net be induced to go out of the sight of land;
but if at all, n was in mild weather; tut now, in
consequence of the competition between them and
the New Jersey pilots, they could be found at from
one to two hundred miles at sea. He read a report
of the Chamber of Commerce, showing that there
was sufficient employment for all the plots, those
of New Jersey as we!' as those of New York. He
also read remonstrances from underwriters, in-
surance offices, and the Chamber of Commerce, and
thirty-five officers of the United States nivy, against
the repeat of the hw. The law of 1837, he said,
the constitutionality of which would be an act of
supererogatiorMo argue, operated equally and just-
ly on all the pilots, as well tho>; of New York as
New Jr,-<;ey. He comrnen'ed en the report, and
denied many of the positions rssume 1 therein as
fa'lacious. The only reason, he r.rsned, that the
Neir York pilots had petitioned for the repeal of
the law, was, because the competition o: the Jersey
pilots had compelled them to go to sea. They
wi*h the law repealed to give them a clear field
for monopoly, notwithstanding there was busi-
ness iov the whole of them. Mr. C. argued that
Congress could not escape from the enactment of
proper laws upon th;* subject. The Constitution
expressly provides, that the privileges of all the
ports shall be equal; but if this law was repealed,
such would not be the case. It was one of great
tc  fit—i> p'eserves Ufe, and protects property—
ti e safety e-f both of which required that the law
should not be repealed. If it was repelled, as he
before said, they would have a recurrence of all
the evils under the old law. He appealed to the
Hou^e to divest itself of party—and to look at the
question as one not cf party, but of business of the
utmost importance to the whr>]e commercial com-
munity.
Mr. HILLEN wished to say a few words in re-
ply to the remarks of the gentleman from New
York. That was rendered necessary from the po-
sition in which he was placed; and he would, in the
fir t piare, remark that it was not a position of his
own seeking. When this subject was first referred
to the committee, he objected to taking this matter
into his own charge, as the chairman of the com-
mittee requested he should. He would have pre-
ferred that it should be assigned to some other gen-
tleman, but as the chairman urged hm to take
chargaof it, he did so, not wishing to appear re-
luctant to perform his share of the labors of the
committee.
Mr. CURTIS here made some explanations,
which were inaudible to the Reporter.
Mr. HILLEN resumed, and said that the gentle-
man had admitted all he required, viz: that his bu-
siness was not of his own t,eekicg, but as it was in
a manner forced upon him, he did not object. In
undertaking that charge, he was perfectly well
aware that difficulties would arise, in case his
views did not meet those of the New York dele-
gation, the interest of whose State it was to have
the law remain as it was. He was aware that the
contmuance of the law would be urged by the
whole rielfg.ttion of that S ate.
But he had thoroughly examined and ascertained
all the facts of the case, and the gentleman from
New York most excuse him, if he followed his
own judgment in preference to the opinion of the
gentleman, which he would show was founded on
mere assertion and declamation.
There was another matter which he would ex-
plain before proceeding farther. He denied that
he was in favor of a combination or monopoly.
Such were not his principles, or the principles of
the party with whom he acted. In the c >urse of
his remark*, he wou d satisfactorily pruve that no
such combination existed. There was no monopo-
ly, any more than what was granted by the law of
Congress. The law of New York expressly for-
bade any combination. He would prove all this,
he hoped, to the satisfaction of all, after which he
trusted that neither the gentleman from New York,
nor any of his colleagues, would longer oppose a
repeal of the law.
The morning hour having expired, Mr. HILLEN
suspended his remarks.
Mr. STANLY, on leave, presented a resolution
directing the Clerk to have the reports of the majo-
rity and minority of the Committee on the Militia,
in relation to the reorganization of the militia,
printed togethei; which was agreed to.
Mr. TURNEY, by general consent, presented a
report from the Committee on the Judiciary, dis-
charging that committee from the further conside-
ration of the memorial of William Smith, and re-
ferring the same to the Secretary of War for ad-
justment; which was agreed to, and the report or-
dered to be printed.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the rules were
suspended, and the House resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of theVUnion, aAd
resumed the consideration of the Independent Trea-
sury bill.                                                  \        f
Mr. MARVIN resumed his remarks ki opposi-
tion to the bill; in doing which, he referrkd/o the
present state of the currency, and comparelflhe re-
lative advantages and disadvantages of a specie
and a paper currency, contending that the former
was a more economical one than the latter. He
did not think a specie circulation at all desi-
rable if it could be produced by this bill or any
other measure. He contended that sufficient specie
could not be procured for that purpose, if the United
States had a proper proportion of all the specie
in the world; that it was more expensive, and less
portable than a paper currency. He then spoke
of the effect of the fluctuations in the currency;
arguing that it was a fraud upon the people, for the
Government, by this bill or any other measure, to
depreciate or appreciats the currency; that it
operated unjustly on the debtor pnd creditor. It
was the duty of the National Government, he said,
to furnish the people with a souud circulating me-
dium; it was one of the principal objects for which
the National Government was created. The Con-
stitution expressly gives the power to Congress to
regulate the commerce of the nation; and to regu-
late which, it required a currencyof uniform value.
Currency was an instrument and agent of com-
merce; therefore he argued, that if the power to re-
gulate the currency was not positive, it was inci-
dental to, and inseparable from, the power to regu-
late commerce, and was involved in that grant of
power. It never could, he said, be regulat-
ed by the twenty-six sovereign States, because
there would always exist a competition between
them, which would have the most banking capiUl
and largest circulation. He considered it as much
a violation of the Constitution in the National Go-
vernment to neglect to exercise the powers con-
ferred upon it by that instrument, as to commit an
act palpably and directly in violation of it. The
sin of omission was as great as the sin of commis-
sion. The Administration, then, by inference,
violates the Constitution, by refusing to regulate
the currency. He did not think that the S'ate Bank
deposite system had a fair trial. He believed that
they might yet be employed as safe fiscal ageats of
the Government. He attributed the expansion of
the currency which caused the banks to fail, to the
acts of the Administration. He urged many, ob-
jections against the bill, and said that it might be
so administered as to make it a bank of deposite
■and issue—as to make a hard money currency or a
specie currency for the peopl —and would to that
extent be a fearful engine in the hands of the Ex-
ecutive.
Mr. PARRISH obtained the floor, but before he
proceeded in his remarks, the House took the usual
recess at 2i o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, resumed'he consideration of the Indepen-
dent Trfa-ury bill.
Mr. PARRISH said he considered it his duty to
make a few remarks in relation to the bill. He
wished to give his views, not, however, with the
expectation of influencing the feelings of any gen-
tleman, but as a duty which he conceived he owed
to his constituents, to present before them a brief
outline of the bill. Besóles, he considered it the
duty of the friends of the bill, to keep it in detail
before the public view, as it only needed examina-
tion to be approved. The great prejudice which
existed in many parts of the country against this
measure, was solely attributable to its not being
fully understood. The measure had been attacked
and represented as fraught wi'h every evil, when,
at the same time, its enemies took great care that
it should not speak for itself.
It was under these circumstances, and with a
view of having it fully understood, that he had ta-
ken the floor, with a design of pre&entmg to his con-
stituents and the country, a detailed explanation of
the bill.
Mr. P. then took up the bill, and commented
upon each section thereof, showing that its provi-
sions were entirely simple, so that a child might
comprehend them. One of the principal questions
involved was, whether the revenue of the Govern-
ment should be given to favorite corporations for
their own benefit and use, or whether it should be
kept in the hands of the Government itself, through
officers chosen by the people. Whether the taxes
from fifteen millions of people, should be given
over to the banks, and the many taxed for the be-
nefit of the few, or the intention of the Constitution
carried out, by leaving the Government the sole di-
rector of iu own funds.
Mr. P. proceeded to examine the antagonistical
measure of the Opposition, viz: a National Bank,
and gave some very choice specimens of the "hap-
py" effect the United States Bank had produced
upon the country. He showed how far their great
"Regulator" had answered the purposes for which
it was said to have been intended, viz: by being the
first to strike its colors instead of preventing the
oher banks from suspending. He next showed
that from like causes would ensue like effects, and
in case the scheme of the Opposition should prevail,
the very same scenes would be again enacted, and
at intervals the whole country prostrated by ths
ruinous expansions.
After replying to a great many ridiculous objec-
tions to the bill, Mr. P. proceeded to show that
nothing need be feared by any abstraction of spe-
cie from the circulation of the country. He called
attention to the fact that, although Government
would receive specie, yet it would also pay out spe-
cie to all its creditors in every department. It was
objected, however, that such would be of no benefit
to the people at large, inasmuch as the Government
creditors would always sell their specie, and pay
those dependent on them in paper. Mr. P. admit-
ted that, for a shoit time, such might possibly be
the case, in some few instances; but when it came
to be generally understood that these contractors
and chers received specie from Government, spe-
cie, and nothing else, would be received from them.
It being now seven o'clock, Mr. P. gave way to
a motion that the committee rise; and
Mr, DAVIS of Pennsylvania moved that the
House adjourn; on which motion the yeas and
navs being ordered, were—yeas 65, nays 57.
The House accordingly, at half past 7 o'clock,
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 11,1840.
Mr. WRIGHT presented the memorial of the
Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York, on
the subject of a bankrupt law. The memorial con-
cludes with the following remark: " The chamber
begs leave respectfully to express its opinion that a
bankrupt 1 aw, tc be extensively useful or permanent-
ly beneficial, should be both compulsory and volun-
tary. That as a compulsory act, it should apply to
traders only, and as a voluntary act, it should re-
quire the sanction of a majority of creditors in in-
