terest to release the applicant, with liberal provi- ¡
sions, jiving discretionary power to the judge, on t
application of the commissioners, and on a « ate-
meot of facts in cases of hs-^Mi r oppre. ion.
That no debt of any kind whatrver should be pre-
ferred, and that the operation of any law that may
be passed during the present session oí Congress,
should be deferred nntil after the 1st of July, 1841."
The memorial was referred to the Select Commit-
tee, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RUGGLES presented resolutions of a meet-
ing of citiiens of Frankfort, Maine, on the subjf ct
of the defences of the Northeastern irontiers; which
were referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred the memorial of John
P. Sarchett, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary-, which was agreed to.
Mr. W. from the same committee, to which was
referred a memoiial from ciiizens of New York re-
monstrating against the passage of the bill for the
better fecurity of the revenue of the United States,
atked t  be discharged from its further considera-
tion; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama, in pursuance of notice,
asked and obtained leave to bring in a bill supple-
mental to an act entitled an act for the discontinu-
ance of the office of surveyor general in the seve-
ral districts, so soon as the surveys therein can be .
completed, for abolishing land offices under certain '
circumstances, and for other purposes; which was
read twice, and referred to the Committee on the
Pub'ic Lands.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which bad been referred House bills entitled
An act for the r*lief of Erastus Pierson;
An act for the relief of Thomas Bennett;
An act for the relief of James Francher; and      ,
An act for the relief of Philip Haitman;               |
Reported the same severally   without  amend- '
menu                                                                    ¡
Mr. P. also, from (be same committee, to which   <
was referred House bills
For the relief of Wealthy Barker, and
Por the relief of Stephen Olney,
Made ad verse reports thereon, which were order- ¡
ed to be printed.                                                    :
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred House bill for the relief of
the heirs of Den lis Smith, reported the same with
amendments.
Mr. W. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred House bill for the relief of Mary Hun-
ter, made an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
nons, to which was referred House bill for the re-
lief of Matthew Wiley, made an adverse report
thereon.
The following resolutions submitted yester-
day by Mr. Webster, were considered and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the ra'es of postage charged on
letters transmitted by the mail of the United States
ought to be reduced.
Rtsohed, That it is expedient to inquire into
the utility of so altering the present regulations
of the Post Office Department as to connect the
use of stamps cr stamped covers with a large re-
duction of the rates of postage.
The resolution submitted some days since by
Mr. Phelps, to change the hour ef meeting from
11 o'clock to 12 o'clock, was taken up, and after ,
some remarks in favor of it by Mr. PHELPS,
and in opposition by Mr. KING, it was disagreed
to.
BILLS PASSED.
The hill for the relief of Dennis Quinlivan;
The bill for the relief of David McNair;
The bill for the relief of John Richey;                  ,
The bill to grant ether lands to the inhabitants '
«townships deprived of the 16th section by Indian
reservation^
The bill to authorize the Secretary of the Trea-
sury to use chetneal or any other oil in the light-   |
nooses, and to make the necessary alterations for   i
that parpóse;                                                        ,1
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The bill for the relief of Francis Laventure,
Ebenezer Child*, and Linus Thompson; and
Th« bill making appropriations to comp'ete cer-
ta^ miliary ro^ds in ihe State of Arkansas;
were severally read a third lime and passed.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The bill for the relief of the legal representa-
tives of Henry EcUford, deceased;
The bill for the relief of Reynell R. Coates,
Water R. Jones, and William B McMurtrie;
The bill for the relief of Charles L. Fleischnannj
The bill for the organization of a company of
sappers, miners, and pontoneer<; and
The bill for the relief of William P. Rathbone;
were severally considered as in committee of the
whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third   I
reading.                                                                >
The bill to explain and amend the 5th section cf
the act passed the 3d day of June, 1834, for ihe better
organization ot the United States Marine Corps, '
was taken up as in committee ©f the whole. [The
bill proposes to give to marine officers in command
on the different stations, double rations.]              •
The Commit'ee on Naval Affairs had recom-
mended the indefinite postponement of this bill,
and after sMne remarks by Messrs. WILLIAMS
and TAPPAN, sustaining the report of the com-
mittee, and by Messrs. SOUTHARD and LUMP-
KIN in opposition,
Mr. SEVIER observed that it appeared  from   ,
the Blue Book, that the pay of the officers of the
army and marine corps was  one thing, while he  |
gathered from the discussion that had taken place,  i |
tha' they received, by some sort of construction of i
the Departments, in the way of extra allowances,
four or five times as much.   Now he wanted his
constituents to know precisely what  every  public
servant received—officers of the army and marine
corps, as well as the others.   If their pay was too   '
small, he had no objection  to raisin  it, but he   j
wanted to know exactly what it was, and to have   ¡
it set down in the Blue Book, so that  every body
could understand it.   He was opposed to all these
extra allowances of every description, and thought  ,
they led  not only to embarrassment end contu-
sion, but there was danger of a'>uses growing out •
of them.    Mr. S. then msved to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert a provision that all
extra allowances to military, naval and marine
officers, should be abolished.                                    >
Mr. KING would suggest to his friend from Ar-
kansas to change his motion to that of a recom-   ¡
mitment to the Committee on Naval Affairs, with   '
instructions to report a bill giving a fixed pay  to    '
those  officers, and abolishing all extra allowances  ,
whatever.     He had no doubt but there were great
abuses under the system that prevailed; that some  ,
officers got more than others, while some, perhaps,  11
got more than they were entitled to.   The com-  ',
mittee should proceed with great caution, so as to  ¡|
do equal justice to all the officers, as well as the pub-  '
lie; but, at all events, the present system was   >
wrong, and ought to be corrected.
Mr. SEVIER then moved to recommit the bill to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, with instructions, ,
&c                                                                                 ¡
Mr. WILLIAMS observed that, in 1835, all the
extra allowances and emoluments of the officers of
the navy were abolished by law, and that they now
received a fixed amount per year, with no other
addition than that of one ration a day when at sea.
Therefore, the proposition of the Senator from Ar-
kansas need not be extended to the naval service,
nor eught it to go to the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs. As the pay of the officers of the marine
corps was regulated by that of the officers
of the infantry of the army, the refe-
rence, if made, should be to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs. He agreed most [
fully with the Senator from Arkansas, that the of- ;
ficers in every branch of our service should have a
certain fixed amount of pay per month, or year, i
without any extra allowances, in order that their
constituents might know what each officer received.
He was convinced that the pay.of the officers of
the army was very much beyond what any man
would suppose it to be, from looking at the Blue
Book; and as a matter of this sort ought not to be
4¿7
concealed from the public, he heartily approved of
the object the gentleman had in view.                  <
Mr. MERRICK concurred in the views of the
gentleman from Arkansas, and suggested a modifi-
cation of the instructions, so as to require the com-
mittee to report a bill, regulating ihe pay per month
of all the officers of the army and maiine corps.
Mr. WALKER hoped his friend from Arkansas
would change his mot.on into a resolution to in-
siruct the Committee on Military Affairs to in-
quire into the subject. He thought these extra al-
lowances should be abolished, but he was not pre-
pared, without further information, to say what
other plan should be substituted.
Mr. LUMPKIN regretted that the Senator from
Arkansas had undertaken to connect this lit-
tle qae-tion with a matter of such great im-
portance as that of regulating the pay of
the officers of the army and marine corps.
He regretted the gentleman's mo'ion, because, to
his mind, it was ca'culated to divert the attention
of the Senate from ihe subject before it, to one of
great and general importance. This was a small
matter, in comparison wi h the object the gentle-
man had in view. Throughout the whole of the
discussion, it appeared to him that his fnend from
Maine, the chairman of the Naval Committee, [Mr.
Williams,] had urged argumente  that were inap-
plicable to the case before them. The whole of
his argument was based on the idea that these offi-
cers of the marine corps already received pay
enough. This was not the case before the Senate,
but whether ihey should receive what they were
entitled to by a fair construction of the law of 1834,
as had been well explained by the Senator from
New Jersey, [Mr. Southard ] He concurred
with that Senator in thinking that there had been a
wrong construction of the existing law by the ac-
counting officers, and believed that the law gave to
the marine officers what they asked. That was the
question the Senate was asked to decide, and not
whether the extra allowances were right or wrong.
The report of the chairman of the Naval Commii-
teeevmced that he was not so clearly satisfied but
that the law, as it stood, did make this allowance;
but he seemed to ease his mind off with the conclu-
sion that they already received enough. He was
not now disposed to controvert that opinion, but he
must say that it was their duty^to give to every offi-
cer what he was entitled to under the law. Mr. L.
here read the law of 1834,and remarked that as it was
construed at the Auditor's office, it was denied that
the marine officers had a right to double rations in
the cases in which this allowance was claimed by
them; and therefore the passage of this explanatory
law was asked for by them. Mr. L. said he wou:d
go with his friend from Arkansas [Mr. Sevier] in
getting these extra allowances abolished, and in
establishing a fixed and definite pay for the officers
in lieu of them, but he wanted this particular
case decided on firs-t.
Mr. SEVIER than modified his motion so as to
refer the bill to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, with instructions to bring in a bill abolishing
all the extra allowances to officers of the army and
marine corps, and establishing in lieu of them a
fixed and certain monthly pay. He was in favor
of giving these extra allowances to the marines, if
the other officers got them, but he wished them
all to be cnt off.
Mr. TAPPAN thought the construction of the
law as given by the department at present, -was the
correct one. The law requires that double rations
should be given to the commanding officer of a
separate and distinct post. Now, where is there an of-
ficer of marines who is the commandant of a separate
and distinct, post? There is not one. They are always
subordinate to, and under the command of, the of-
ficer of the navy who has charge of the station.
With as much propriety might double rations be
given to the lieutenant of an officer commanding a
separate post, as to a marine officer on a station,
who was a subordinate to the naval officer. No
fault could justly be found with the construction of
the act at the Navy Department, as there could be
no other construction given to it with any regard
the strict letter of the law.
Mr. BUCHANAN scarcely knew bow to vote
on this question.   H« did think that his fnend.
