46s
from Missouri [Mr. Bsnton] could not be engaged
yjamore laudable undertaking than in executing
these instructions, though at the same tim  h-
double I whe'hrr he wmlt have time e.iouah o d>.
ativ h e 'hi* ¡es n. He had<fe:i tho.ighi vu
thissttbj«*ct, *nd w sied thai tie pay of our officers
was regulated in such a way that every one d uli
understand what tt was. Was there a member ot this
body, he asked, who could tell what the officers of
the army or navy received? He had endeavored
to asceitain what some of them received, without
success. What did General Macomb or one of the
superior officers of the navy receive? He cou'd
not tell. While he wished to give to every officer
a fair and liberal compensation, he at the same time
wished to put them on the same footins: with every
other public servant, and to ascertain and fix.a cer-
tain compensation for them, so that every body
might know what it was. This was what the pub.
lie desired and expeded. He understood that there
was a large sum allowed for forage to ofn;ers who
kept no horses, and other allowances of a similar
nature. All this might be very proper, and might
be necessary to eke out their pay; but he wished to
know what it wa«. If the Senator from Missouri
was nnabie to execute this duty, he would be wil-
ling to lay it over till the next session; but he
hoped that it would then, at least, be taken up and
acted on.
Mr. BENTON could assure gentlemen that, in
his opinion, it would take every' moment that re-
mained of the present session for the committee to
make np their opinions on a principle of compen-
sation, and then th-* chief difficulty would com-
mence—the application of the principle. The
compensation of the officers of the army it made
np of a great many separate^classes ot items, to
all whtcti separately the trinciple would have to be
applied. And what would be the result, suppos-
ing such a bill should become a law? Here is an
ofLcer ordered oat upon a march. Well, if in lien
of extras, as by the present arrangement, he is al-
lowed a fixed and definite sum, he ¡s to commence
by being his own purveyor. He has to provide for
his food, his transportation, or if he has a horse, to
make provision for forage; whereas, undep the pre-
sent arrangement, he is in a condition to set out
at once, and make his requisition for these
articles on the quartermaster. This proposed ar-
rangement would throw every officer on his own
resources, when he had received marching or-
ders; just as a private citizen would be when set-
ting out upon a journey. These would be some
of the inconveniences of the arrangement, which
had occurred to him at the moment, but they
were not all. He would repeat that it would take
all the time of the committee during the remain-
der of the session, to adjust a scale of compensa-
tion, and when that was fixed, in his opinion,
it would be found incapable of application. He
hoped gentlemen would therefore see the proprie-
ty of not imposing a duty on the committee at
ih.s late period, from which no practical results
could be expected, and would permit it to lay
over until the next session of Congress.
Mr. BUCHANAN observed that he was sensi-
ble of the difficulties involved in the question, but
they did Dot appear to him to be insuperable. No
person imagined that an officer of the army was to
provide himself with beef and pork on a march;
but that difficulty could be obviaed by allowing
him to draw provisions, and charge him with the
amount, to be deJuctel out of his pay. But he ap-
prehended that it would "be of great importance to
the service to fix the standard of pay so as to «.over
all rations and allowances of every kind that the
officers now receive. Being satisfied, from the ex-
planation of the Senator from Missouri, that he
could not attend to this business during the short
time that was left of this session, he would not,
therefore, vote to impose it upon him.
Mr. SEVIER observed that, if the Committee
could not attend to the business, as the Senator
from Missouri said, he would withdraw his motion,
and send the subject to the Secretary of War in
another form. In th« mean time, he would move
to lay the bill on the table, and asked for the yeas
and nay  on tbe motion.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The question was decided in the negative—yeas
19, nays 19, as follows*
YEAS—Mesáis. 8ro¿-n,CUvton,D.-.vis, Dixon,
FuI'mq, Grundy, Hud ard, K'tig, Mouou, Ni>h.>
!   a>>, Norvelt,  Pienus*, Roane,   Robins n, Sevier,   '
\ Strang, Trepan, Widiaros, and Wright—19.
NAYS—M-ssis.   Anderson,   B-nton,    Bucha-
nan, Clav  of Alabama, Clay of Kenuckv, Hen-
derson, Linn, Lumpkin, Merrick, Porter, Ruggles,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Sturgeon,   Tallmadge,     Walker,     Wall,     and
White—19.
After some further remarks from Messrs. WIL- i
LIAMS, SOUTHARD, and TAPPAN, the ques- ,
tion was taken on ordering the bill to be engto«e I l|
for a third reading, and decided in the negative— i;
yeas 10, nays 28, as follows:                                       ¡j
YEAS—Messrs.   Benton, Buchanan,   Lump-
kin, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Sturgeon, Tall-  j
madge, Walker, Wall, and White—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Brown, Clay of Alaba- !
i ma, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Davis, Dixon, j
! Fulton, Henderson, Hubbard, Huntington, King, j
i Linn, Meirick, Mouton, Nicholas Norvell, Porter, j
|j Prentiss, Roane, Robinson, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith ¡j
i   of Connecticut, Sirange, Tappan, Williams, and   j
I    Young—28.                                                                  :
The Sena'e then adjourned.                                      !
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
i                     Thursday, June 11, 1840.
¡ j      Mr.  WICK moved for leave of absence in fa-
j j  vor of his colleague, Mr. Howard, for two weeks
II   from Monday next, at which time, Mr. W. said,
j his colleague would, in virtue of his resignation,
j cease to be a member of this House.
The leave was granted.
PILOT LAW.
Mr. HILLEN, on leave, presented a memorial
from the merchants of Baltimore, in favor of the
repeal of the law regulating pilois.
The SPEAKER announced that the business
first in order, was the motion of the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Randolph,] to recommit
to the Committee on Commerce the bill reported
from that committee by the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. Hillen,] proposing the repeal of the
law of 1837. regutating pilots.
Mr. HILLEN (who retained the floor from yes-
terday) cen'inned his remarks during the morn-
ing hour in opposition to the motion to recommit.
He disclaimed any ill feeling to the New York
merchants. He was willing, he said, and des.rous
to promote their interests when that could be dor¡e
consistently with the interests of others. He wish-
ed no exclusive privileges to be given to the New
York pilots; but all he asked was, that they should
be protected in the enjoyment of their just and le-
gitimate right*. He went into a histo-y of the law
in relation to pilotage; and of the facts which, he
said, were applicable to that law; not denying the
constiiutional power of Congress to legislate on the i
subject, but contending that Congress had, by its
own act, ceded that power to the several States. He j
then proceeded to contend that the law which this !
| bill now proposed to repeal grew out of the loss of
the ships Bristol and Mexico; making the direct
i.«sue that the loss of these two vessels, and the ex-
citement created thereby in the public mind, were
the direct and the immediate causes of the passage
of the law, in the absence of which cases the law
never would have been passed; and contending
that the pilota were in no wise to blame for those
terrible disasters. Wúh this view he went into a
minute examination of the condition and locality oi
the Bristol and Mexico at the time they were lost, ¡I
and read a number of depositions and documents ;
having reference thereto.
Mr. H. had not concluded, when,
The tnornin? hour having expired,
Mr. J. W. JONES called for the orders of the
dav; but, before passing to which,
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Commi«stoner of Public
Buildings, a statement of the number of assistants,
superintendents, assistant superin'endenis, fore- ,
men, bosses and wowmen of different knds, em-
ployed at this time on the Treasury and Paient Of-
fice buildings, and the salaries paid to each, &o, in j ¡
compliance with a resolution of the House of ihe
4th ins'ant.
Mr. PRTRIKIN moved that it be returned to
the Oomm svo.er of Pu>~ c iJusl' r.:?.-., w i;j ,u_
struct oi.s, whici was agreed i"   ¿s if.rsow.-j;
'•Tnat the Comnvssioner of F'noiic Goiltiin^.s be
required to aii wer the requisitions made on him by
the resolution of the 4ih instant, more fuliy, by
giving ihe per diem compensation paid Jeremiah
Sullivan, as superintendent of the Tieasury Bui'd.
ing, in addition to his salary at the Post Office
building; also the bill of prices paid for the pie^e
work, which he says "cannot be done at ihe
price per day," at the Treasury and Patent build-
ings. A. o, that he be required to state how ma-
ny, if any, if the men employed as enumerated in
his answer to the resolution of the 4th, are tempo-
rarily employed; and whaher any of the superin-
tendents, or men employed at the Patent Office,
have been paid wages when idle for want of mate-
rials; and further, how many of the superinten-
dents, or bosses employed by him, at any of the
public buildings, keep grocery shops or boarding
houses for workmen, or are concerted in keeping
grog shops; and whether it is the practice to retain
the amount of bills al eged to be due from the
workmen by the keepers of those groceries or grog
shops from the wages of the men employed on the.
public buildings, when they are about being paid
off; and whether the supenn'endents of any of the
public buildings were paid wages during the win-
ter while the work was suspended, naming the per-
sons and the amounts paid."
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Postmaster General, ttanvmittlng the in-
formation called for on the 5h instant, in relation
to the indebtedness of the posmaster at Baton
Rouge, in Louis;ana, (Abel Waddell;) which was,
on motion of Mr. M'KAY, ordered to lie on ihe
table andbeptinted.
Senate bill, lying on the Speaker's table, entitled
" An act making provision lor the payment of pen-
sions to «he executors and Administrators of de-
ceased pensioners, in certain eases," was taken up,
read twice, and, by special order, read the third
time and passed.
The bill to establish a uniform rate of mileage,
to take effect from and after the 26 h Congress,
was taken up on its engrossment, ordered to be ea-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and the question being "Shall the bill pas*?"
Mr. BLACK inquired of the Chair whether it
would be in order to amend the bill.
The CHAIR replied that it was not, the bill b -
ing on its pass; ge.
Mr. BLACK moved to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. LEET demanded the yeas and nays; which
being oidered, were—yeas 25, nays 130.
So the House refu-ed to lay the bill on the
table.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said, as a large majority
had refused to lay the bill on the table, he moved
'he previous question on the passage of the bill;
which having received a second, and the main
question being ordered; and
The main question being  " Shall the bill pass?"
Mr. T. W. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and
nays; which having been ordered, were yeas 148,
nays 13. So the bill was passed.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Miss;ssippi, moved a r«-
consideraiion of the vote by wmch the bill was
p¿s^ed.
And the question being on the reconsideration-
Mr. T. made some remarks, expressing ihe opi-
nion, that this was an effort between the two par-
ties, as to which should out-derm gogue the other.
He dwelt on the injustice of paying members for
a direct route when they were obliged to travel by
a circuitous roue, as ihe Southwestern members
«eie. He predicted that the bill would not be
suffered to remain in operation aftet the Presiden-
tial election, am) hoped that the House would now
reconsider ihe vote by which it had been passed.
After a few remarks by Mr. STANLY, in reply
to Mr. Thompson,
Mr. LEET wished to say a few words in relation
to this subject. As a member of the Committee
on Mileage, he thought it his duty. He was sur-
prised to hear bis fiiend, the gentleman from Mis4
