464
and whether or not they had complied with the
conditions by which their charters were extended.
He called the attention of the Senator from Mary-
land to this subject long ago, and urged him to
bring it up in time to be acted on, notifying him
that it could not be got through with without the
fullest investigation. All these matters were to
bim "confirmation strong as proof from holy writ,"
of the danger to this Government which existed in
banking institutions. When it was seen that in
that body, renowned for its intelligence and
patriotism, these banks, after having violated their
charters, and set the laws at defiance, could
coolly walk in and claim the renewal of their
charters, as if they had a right to act wiih impunity,
and the Legislature was bound to obedience, it was
enough to excite the gloomiest apprehensions. He
would not go at length into this subject now, but he
could not repress the deep indignation he felt at the
matter-of-course way in which these banks attempt-
ed to get through with the renewal of their charters.
All that was said against these abuses was an-
swered by the cry, You are opposed to banks. He
looked upon the present proposition as equivalent
to a perpetual charter. They had already been
chartered for two years on three conditions, not one
of which was complied with; and though this was
notorious, yet the Senate was about lo charter them
again. Where was the use of imposing conditions,
if these institutions set them at defiance? It was
in vain to impose conditions on them, for there was
no power to punish them for violating those condi-
tions. They had violated their charters wiih im-
punity in the face of the courts, and in the face
of the Legislature which was now invoked lo grant
them more charters. You have not, said Mr. A.
power to punish them, and yet you talk of imposing
restrictions on them. Have you not already re-
strictions enough? Their original charters declare
that they shall not suspend specie paymen's; they
have suspended, and you have legalized the sus-
pension. They went on to violate the conditions
i uposed on them, and you have legalized that vio-
tion. He did not intend to go at length into this
subject, but if this quest.on was persisted in, then
he and others on his side of the chamber were to be
heard in behalf of the abused people of the District
of Columbia. This people had petitioned for an
extension of their rights as freemen; but that was
not considered a mat'.er of sufficient moment to re-
quire legislation; but the banks had petitioned for
a renewal of their charters, and it was deemed a
matter of such impcrtance, that it must be hurried
through, without any statements with regard to
thsir condition, or, in fact any information what-
ever.
Mr. TAPPAN would suppose, from the obser-
vations that had fallen from the chairman of the
committee, [Mr. Merrick] that his only object was
to give to the banks time to settle up their affairs.
His amendment had the same object in view; but
as the Senator said that suits at law could not be
determined in the time allowed, he would suggest
to him that his object could be accomplished by
extendtng it. He had no desire to press the banks
to an immediate collection of their dabs. He
thought with the Senator from Maryland, that it
would be a hardship on the peiple of the District,
and he did not wish to impose it on them. He
would suggest to the Senator that the amendment
originally offered, would accomplish all he desired,
by extending the time.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut expressed his objec-
tions to the bill on the ground that Congress did
not possess the power to incorporate in tiiutions to
furniih a circulating medium.
Mr. MERRICK said he did not intend to enter
into a discussion with ihe Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Allen] The gentleman remarked that he
gave him notice some time ago (hat he wished this
subject brought up at an early day. Now the Se-
nator must be aware that it was not in his power
to bring it up earlier than he did. He had brought
it up at the first moment that it was possible to
do so.
Mr. BENTON spoke at length in opposition to
the bill, and to the impolicy of extendtng the char-
ters of these banks, without suitable restrictions.
He considered the present question as equivalent
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to one for a perpetual charter. Wa^ it ever
known that the time granted by a Legislature to a
bank to wind up its affairs had been used for that
purpose. No, sir, (said Mr. B.)when the old char-
ter of the first Bank of the United States was be-
fore Congress, a proposition was made to allow
them two years to wind up in, and the answer
to that proposition was: It is improper to g ant
them the two years—for that time will beu^ed for
gaining a new charter, and not in winding up. It
was further answered that a charter was not neces-
sary to enable them to wind up, because they could
make an assignment of their effects, which
would answer the same purpose. The two years
were not al'owed them, and he (Mr. B.)
could undertake to say that they were twenty
years in winding up their affair--. Theie
was no necessity therefore in extending the charters
of these banks, for if the object was for them to
wind up their affairs, they could do so as well with-
out a charter as with one. It seemed to him that
to go on in this way, was to make a mere bur-
lesque of legis'ation, and that it was converting the
Congress of the United Staies into a place for mere
child'j play. It seemed that having created insti-
tutions superior to law, they went on to trample
on the law, and that Congress, unable to control
them, yielded perpetually to their demands. What
occasion was there for banks of circulation in this
District? What occasion was there for paper mo-
I ney? Did not the Federal Government pay out
five times as much hard money as the business of
the place could emp'oy. There were limitations to
the employment of money, and it was in vain to
' I seek to go beyosd them. What were these charters
I granted for? That certain individuals might put
I out bits of paper, stamped with pictures, for which
' they get the hatd money that is put out by the Go-
vernment, and which is carried to Philadelphia to
be shipped to Europe. Those who issued these
bits of paper, affected to be under the necessity of
stopping whenever other stopped. One bank sops,
and falsely charges it upon the Administration—
thereupon every one stops, and eac'i says, I don't
stop because there is a necessity for it, but becaase
others have stopped. Thus they go o a in a circle.
What next? In that entire circle they all say, we
are ready to begin paying specie, when the others
do so; but they are all so exceedingly modest that
no one will set the example. Why noi commence
here? Why it is said they cannot pay sp cie here,
because others at a distance do not. Now you
might as well tell me that you cannot eat bread
and drink water, for the same reasons. If the
banks really wanted to resume and continue pay-
ment of specie, all they bad to do was to banish
broken bank paper from their counters. If they
, would do this, and continue it, they would have
more gold and silver at their counters> than they
will be able to employ. How was it wit'u ihe New
York banks? They were now abso'uely chuked
up with gold and silver, and all this was in conse-
quence of their havii g resumed specie payments,
aDd continued them. I tell the gentleman, said
Mr. B. that it is in vaia to say that they cannot
maintain specie payments here. I tell him that it
can be done in the smallest possible space; and that
by the simple process of receiving no broken ba-k
paper. It the banks in the District, instead of cir-
culating insolvent paper, would neither receive
nor pay out such paper, they would, instead of sus-
pending, have more speci? than they would know
what to do with. He would say a word or two
¡ with regard to the actual condition of these banks.
We continued, said he, their charters, on condition
that they were to do certain act*, and they have vi-
olated it. In the first place, they were required to
pay out no notes of a smaller denomination than
five dollars. He had been informed that, for the
purpose of evading that provision, one of th^se in-
stitution bad struck off a new cla«!S of notes—six,
seven, eight, and nine dollars. He would be glad
if the gentleman fiorn Maryland would inform him
whether such was ihe fact.
I     Mr. MERRICK..   I hare seen such notes.
I      Mr. BENTON.   I understand that as soon*as
|   we passed the restriction prohibiting the banks from
paying out notes under five dollars, they put the
matter in the hands of a lawyer, and ha told them
II how to get round and evade the provision; anrfthat
I was to strike off these six, seven, eight, and -nine
! I  dollar notes.   Now, what is this, but making a
I    burlesque of our legislation? But these banks, con-
( tinued Mr. B. are in a different condition (rom
,  others which have suspended.   Their time had mn
II   out.   Some of them had been in existence twenty
I thirty, and some perhaps forty years. It was then
1 their duty to settle up their affairs, pay off their
'' debts, and be done with it. Instead of that, they
I were going upon the assumption of aa indefinite
extension of their charters, though refusing to re-
| deem their promises; and Congress was called up.
on to sanction all they had done.
He should be glad to see some vote of the Senate
that would give an index of the course that wis
to be followed. When he saw that, he should be
able to judge of the course that was to be pursued.
Was it right that there should exist in any country
of law and Government, any institution that was
superior to both, and which could not only trample
on the laws with impunity, but appeal to the Le-
gislatures to sanction its violations of law and
justice? He hoped that they would be able io
prove that no institutions should exist here superior
to the laws of the land; and that whenever they
trampled them under foot, they should meet wiih
the deserved punishment.
Mr. TAPPAN opposed the amendment offeredby
Mr. Merrick at length. He examined the question
of the power of Congress to grant charters to bank-
ing corporations. By the Constitution we have
the power to legislate for the District in all cases.
But with that power is the implied restriction to
pass no laws that shall bear unequally on any por-
tion of the community. We have power to make
equal anJ just laws, but no power to make unequal
and unjust laws. For instance, were we asked to
incorporate a company or companies to furnish the
inhabitants with meat, who would have the exclu-
, sive right of furnishing that commodity to the citi-
j zens, and the public were restricted from purchas-
ing of any other-, would it be considered just or
proper? If we have the power to create one mo-
nopoly, we have the power to cteate another. If
we have the power to authorize a few individuals
to furnish and control the circulating medium of
the community, we have the same power to char-
i ter companies to provide meat, flour, wood, coal,
I each variety of clothing, &c. In short, no article
' ot luxury, of comfort, or necessity, but what may
1 be madi the subject of monopoly. Now, if it was
i proposed to charter companies for any such pur-
poses, no one would pretend we had any power
to do so, and yet they would stand on precisely
the same ground as the monopoly of the currency
asked for by the corporations in this bill. Mr. T.
contended ¿hat there was no rquivalent benefit
conferred on the community for th« privileges con-
ferred on thtse institutions. There was an aban-
dance of gold and silver circulated in the District
by the operations of the General Government, to
furnish a hard money currency—five times the
amount that could bs absorbed by the wants and
' the business of the District. If charters are grant-
ed to thf se banks, the effect is to drive this gold and
silver from circulation, and gives them the mono-
poly of supplying its placs with their own notes. If
such power was granted to these corporations, it
could only be on the same grounds as would justify
the granting of charters to companies, wiih the ex-
clusive right of supplying provisions and clothing
to the community. He contended that it was be-
vond the power of any Legislature to pass such
laws. It was a power they did not possess. It
could not be conferred, because it did not exist in
any community, and the exercise of it was a usur-
pation. Mr. T. called for the reading of the fol-
lowing memorial, which had been presented to
Congress, and was numeroasly signed:
To the Honorable Senate and
House of Representativa of the United States:
The memorial of undersigned, citizens of Wash-
ington, D. C. respectfully represents—
That the suspension of payment by the banks of
the District of Columbia is a gross and palpable vi-
olation, by which valuable privileges were confer-
red up n them; that it is an outrage npon the moral
sense of the community in which they are situated,
