CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£6th Cojto....~..~1st Sbss.
TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 1840.
Volume 8........«.No. SO.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Centwnedfrom M>. 29.
fntitHC and itmonlmng m its tendency and exam-
ple, and a gnerous injury and oppression opon
those whe are compelled to take their notes at their
nominal value in payment for their labor.
That the mere association of a number of indi-
viduals in the form of a chartered company, gives
them no license for dishonesty, or impunity for
crime, in their aggregate, more than in their indi-
vidual capacity.
That the banking institutions of the District
having been chartered professedly for the purpose of
promoting the interests and convenience of the in-
habitants thereof, we are the best, and should be
the only, judges in what manner our interests and
convenience are best promoted.
That, at the suspension of payments by the
banks of this District, in the second week of Octo-
ber, 1839, they had in circulation upwards of se-
wven hundred thousand paper dollars, which by
that act were depreciated 12i percent., inflicting a
loss of upwards of one hundred thousand dollars on
the holders thereof; that the rates of depreciation
nnce that period, have ranged from 12i to 8 per
cent, thus filching from the workingman, i rom one-
eighth to one-twelfth of the wages of his labor.
That the practical operation of this state of
things in the District is, that while those who are in
the service of the Government receive their com-
pensation in gold and silver, their neighbors are
compelled to receive, as a return for their labor,
depreciated bank paper; thus constituting, empkaH-
esMy, one currency for the Government and another for
They, therefore, pray your honorable body to
take such measures as may, at the earliest possible
day, compel the banks of the District to fulfil their
obligations by the resumption of specie payments,
or that they be required to assign their property for
the benefit of their creditors, and wind up their af-
fairs.
Mr. MERRICK called for the reading of a me-
morial, signed by many citizens of Georgetown,
praying for a recharter of the banks, and that they
may not be compelled to resume before the banks
of Virginia and Maryland. The memorial was
read.
The question was then taken on the amendment
of Sir. Merrick to the amendment, and decided in
the affirmative—yeas 29, nays 13, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buchanan, Clay of Ala-
bama, Clay of Ky. Clayton.Cuthbert, Davis, Dixon,
Fulton, Grundy, Henderson, Huntington, King,
Merrick, Nicholas, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Pres-
ton, Roane, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Strange, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White,
and Young—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Hub-
bud, Linn, Mouton, Nor veil, Robinson, Smith
of Connecticut, Tappan, Walker, Wall, and
Wright—13.
Mr. ALLEN moved an amendment, stating the
fact that they were non-specie paying banks,
which amendment was rejected'—yeas 15, nays 27,
is follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alien, Benton, Calhoun, Hen-
derson, Hubbard, Linn, Mouton, Norvell, Pierce,
Robinson, Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, Walker,
Wall, and Wright—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Buchanan, Clay of Alabama,
Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Cuthbert, Davis,
Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Huntington, King, Mer-
rick, Nicholas, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Preston,
Roane, Ruggles, Sevier, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Strange, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, and
Young—27.
Mr. BENTON moved an amendment, as fol-
lows: "Upon condition that said banks shall not
issue and pay out the notes of any bank, banker,
or banking institution which is in a state of sus-
pension or non-payment of specie."
Mr. B.said that he did not offer his amendment
to prevent the banks from receiving such paper as
they pleased., but to make them send it home for
collection. It was to prevent the conventional
agreements among themselves, by which they
flooded the country with irredeemable paper. Each
one received the paper ot the other and sent it
around and around in a circle, and thus, though it
was nothing but counters—worthless bits of paper,
the people were seduced into taking it. It was to
break this chain, which enabled them to impose
upon the country, that he offered his amendment.
If they chose to receive this paper in payment of
the debts due them or on deposite, they must send
it home for collection.
Mr. KING supposed that the object of the gen-
tleman was to limit the banks to the circulation of
their own paper. He thought if he would turn to
the amendment that he would find that they could
issue out no paper whatever in a state of suspen-
sion. If the gentleman would modify his amend-
ment he would vote for it.
Mr. BENTON said that if the exception was
made, it would give the banks express authority to
pay out suspended paper.
Mr. BUCHANAN was entirely in favor
of the amendment of the Senator from Mis-
souri, if he would express it in language
sufficiently distinct to prevent its giving any
sanction, directly or indirectly, of the suspen-
sions of these banks. One of the greatest evils
of these suspensions was, that the banks never
paid out their own notes at home. If they did,
the people would have an opportunity of com-
pelling them by law to redeem these notes; but it
was obvious that it would cost the holders of
them too much to collect them by process of
law at a distance.
The consequence of such a practice by the banks
was, that, as soon as specie payments were sus-
pended, the people around each of the banks were
at once, in a great degree, deprived of the paper
currency to which they had been accustomed,
and in which they placed confidence, and were
compelled t« accept the notes of distant banks,
often of doubtful solvency, or get nothing. It
was no hardship upon the banks to compel them
to pay out their own notes alone during the period
of suspension, and to send home the notes of
other banks which they might think proper to re-
ceive. Under such a restriction, the banks of this
District would receive no notes unless they had
been issued by banks fable and willing to make
exchanges with them at short intervals; and fre-
quent settlements of this kind were a powerful
restraint upon excessive issues. The amendment
would secure to the people of the District that
currency with which they were best acquainted,
and on which they could, at any time, bring suit
without being obliged to travel to a distance. He
was in favor of the principle contained in the
amendment. He was for giving the banks of this
Distrtct time to wind up their affairs, and nothing
more; and he intended, before this matter was over,
to introduce an amendment declaring that such
was the sele purpose for which their charters were
to be extended. He had long been of the opinion
that, to keep six or seven little banks here.was doing
a serious injury to the people of the Distrtct. It
was no time now to substitute a larger bank for
those now in existence, and he was therefore wil-
ling to extend the charters of the latter, provided it
was only to enable them to go on for two years,
and no longer, for the purpose of winding up their
affairs.
Mr. GRUNDY said, the effect of the amend-
ment, if passed in its present shape, would not be
exactly what he supposed was intended. If the
words "not within the District of Columbia,"
were introduced, he thought it would be better.
Mr. BENTON said, he preferred the motion as
it staod; but if gentlemen thought it would create
difficulties, he would withdraw it, and they could
offer it in a form m jdified to suit their views.
Mr. GRUNDY then offered the motion amended
as be had suggested.
Mr.„WRIGHT said, in its present shape, the
provision would countenance the emission an^
circulation of the notes of the Chesapeake an<* Ohio
Canal—the Washington and ¡Baltimore ¿iailroad
Company, <fec.
Mr. BUCHANAN suggested a modification, by
inserting the word "other" before "bank," and
striking out District of Columbia; which was
agreed to, and the amendment then read in the fol-
lowing words:
"Upon condition that neither of said banks shall
issue and pay out the notes of any other bank,
banker, banking institutions, or corporation, which
is in a state of suspension or non-payment of its
liabilities in specie."
The question on this amendment was taken by
yeas and nays, when there appeared for it 25,
against 17, as follows.
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Grundy,
Hubbard, King, Linn, Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell,
Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Smith ot Connecticut,
Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wall, Wil-
liams, and Wright—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of,Kentucky, Clayton,
Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Huntington, Merrick,
Phelps, Potter, Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles, Se-
vier, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, and
White—17.
Mr. ALLEN then moved the following:
"Provided, also, that each of said banks shall,im-
mediately upon the taking effect of this joint resolu-
tion, commence and continue the resumption of its
notes in gold and silver coin; and that, in case either
of said banks shall neglect or refuse to comply
with any one of the conditions in this joint reso'u-
tion, the charter of said bank shall immediately
cease to exist, and all contracts and other acts
thereafter made or done by or ia behalf of such
bank shall be null and void."
On this question the yeas and navs were de-
manded, when there appeared for it 14, against it
29, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Hubbard, Linn,
Mouton, Norvell, Pierce, Robinson, Smith of Con-
necticut, Tappan, Walker, Wall, Williams, and
Wright—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Clay of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Hender-
son, Huntington, King, Merrick, Nicholas, Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Roane, Ruggles, Sevier,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Strange, Scurgeon,
Tallmadge, White, and Young—29.
Mr. BENTON moved further to amend by in-
serting:
"And upon the further condition that the said
banks, nor either of them, shall take a stay of exe-
cution on any judgment recovered against them in
any case whatever, nor appeal from any such
judgment, nor take a certiorari thereon, except on
an affidavit of merit."
Mr. BENTON said that when he first came
here after the suspension, individuals were paying
12 ft per cent, discount on their bank paper, and be
asked them why they did not sue the banks and
obtain judgment. He was informed that when
notes were put in suit, the banks would take the
advantage of the stay laws that were in operation,
by which they could keep the owner out of his mo-
ney for six months. This, with lawyers' fees, &c.
was generally more than the note was worth, so
that the poor man, who was the owner of a five or
ten dollar note, actually had no remedy, though
the laws professed to give him one.
After some remarks from Mr. MERRICK in
opposition, and Mr. CLAY of Alabama in favor
of the amendment,
Mr. BUCHANAN said: It is out of all charac-
ter for a bank, after forfeiting its charter, and after
suffering judgment to go against it for non-pay-
ment of its notes, to take a stay of execution. It
is certainly enough for us to continue their char-
ters for two yean without giving the banks a stay or
execution for six months when sued on their notes.
