468
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Legislature o*" his State, and had read by the
Clerk, resolutions adopted by the Legislature of
Georgia, in 1834. denouncing a National Bauk as
unconstitutional and inexpedient. He also advert-
ed to subsequent resolutions of a similar charac-
ter, which will appear when his remarks shall be
written out in full. He also adverted to letters ad
dressed by the people of Georgia to their candi-
dates, in 1838, asking their sentiments in relation
to this measure. With others, he received a letter;
in his answer, he distinctly avowed his preference
to it, and his hostility to a National Bank. Two
of his colleagues, then on the floor, also expressed
their disapproval of a National Bank. Thus,
in 1838, not only himself, bat his two colleagues,
were against a National Bank; so it would appear
that he was not only consistent himself, but that he
had the approbation of some of the most eminent
men from Georgia, in his opposition to the bank.
Where, then, was the ground for attacking his con-
sistency, and with what weapons could they make
their attack"?
Mr. B. then adverted to a proposition made by
Colonel Gamble, of Georgia, in 1834, for a Sub-
Treasury bill more ultra than the present, and con-
taining a specie clause. He did this with a view
of showing, that in supporting the present bill,
be was sanctioned by the coarse of one of the
man eminent men that his State ever produced,
although he regretted to say that Colonel Gamble
bad suffered himself to be nominated by the
Whigs.
After some explanations from Messrs. KING
and NISBET of Georgia,
Mr. BLACK proceeded to read the votes in fa-
vor of the proposition of Colonel Gamble, in 1834,
for a Sub-Treasury bill, and which concluded with
the name of Mr. Wise.
Mr. WISE explained under what circumstances
that vote was given. He never in life even coun-
tenanced, or intended to countenance, a Sub-Trea-
sury project That vote in 1834 was given merely
to test the sincerity of the Administration party,
and not with any view of favoring such a mea-
sure.
After some farther explanations from Mr. F.
THOMAS in relation to the votes on that bill of
1834,
Mr. BLACK resumed his remarks, and spoke
nntil nearly seven o'clock; when, without con-
cluding, he gave way to
Mr. M. A. COOPER, on whose motion the com-
mittee rose.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi gave notice of
intention to introduce a resolution to change the
hour of meeting of the House to 10 o'clock, in-
stead of 11 o'clock.
Mr. WISE moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON called for the yeas and
nays on that motion; which were refused.   Then
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, June 16, 1840.
Mr. LtNN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the memorials
of the following named peisons, to wit: Estevan
Planche, Joshua Kennedy, Josftoa Howard, Jo-
seph Robedoux, John Forbes, Thomas Power,
Margaret Deveal, Littleton Bailey, Anson C.
Surlls, aud resolutions of the General Assembly of
the Legislature ef Louisiana, asked to be discharg-
ed from the farther consideration thereof. Mr. L.
remarked that most of the eases were provided for,
so far as the Senate was concerned, by the passage
of a bill in relation to the sixteenth sections. The
motion was agreed to, and the committee were dis-
charged from the further consideration of the me-
morials above enumerated.
BANKS OF THE DISTRICT.
The bill for the incorporation of the Bank of the
District of Columbia being taken np on its third
reading,
Mr WALL hoped that the question on the pas-
sage of the bill would not be taken at this early
boor, when the Senate was so thin—indeed, when
here was not a quorum present. He hoped, there-
ore, that gentlemen would consent to lay the bill
on the table, until some of the absent Senator8
should take their seats.
Mr. KING thought the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from New Jersey a very proper one, and hoped
it would be agreed to.
Several Senators objecting to postponing the
question,
Mr. NORVELL demanded the ayes and noes,
which were ordered.
The question being taken on the passage ef the
bill, it was carried in the affirmative—ayes 30,
noes 13, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Buchanan, Clay of
Alabama, Clay of Kentucky, Clayton, Davis,
Dtxon, Fulton, Grundy, Huntington, King, Mer-
rick, Phelps, Prentiss, Preston, Rome, Smith of
Indiana, Sturgeon, Webster, and Young—20.
NAYS—-Messrs. Allen, Benton, Linn, Mouton,
Norvell, Pierce, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut,
Tappan,Walker, Wall, Williams, and Wright—13.
While the yeas and nays were calling,
Mr. BENTON rose to a point of order. The
long established practice of the Senate was to put
no bill on its passage nntil the hour of 12. The
propriety of the practice was obvious, in the pre-
sent condition of the Senate. He thought the
rule was a proper one, and should not be departed
from.
[The rule, as stated in Jefferson's Manual, is in
the following words: " Alter 12 o'clock bills
readv for it are put on their passage."]
The VICE PRESIDENT then explained the cir-
I enmstances under which the bill was put on itspas-
, sage.   When the Senate was called to order, the
; Chair bad announced that the presentation of pe-
titions was in order; there being no petitions, re-
ports of standing committees were called for and re-
ceived; the next business on the Secretary's table
was the bills on the third reading.   A suggestion
was made that the bill should be postponed until
the Senate was full; but, after   a   conversation
among Senators, it was not pressed, and the bill
was accordingly put on its passage.
Mr. TAPPAN said that the very early period at
which the bill had been taken upon its passage,
had prevented him from making a motion for its
recommitment, in order that it might be amended
in a very important particular—that ef rendering
the stockholders individually liable for the debts of
the bank. He was engaged on business in the
committee room and came into the Senate cham-
ber at 11 o'clock and found the question was tak-
ing on the passage of the bill. Though not effi-
ciently long a member of the Senate to speak au-
thoritatively on this subject, he thought it was unu-
sual, if not unprecedented, to put a bill, involving
questions of such magnitude, on its passage at so
early an hour, and with a thin Senate. Having
been deprived, in the manner stated, of offering the
motion at the proper time, he would ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to offer the following:
Retohtd, That the bill be recommitted to the
Committee on the District of Columbia, with in-
structions to report a provision excepting from its
operation all such parts of the several acts incor-
porating said banks, as excuse or exonerate the
stockholders in said bank from their legal liability
upon any contracts made by such banks.
Mr. MERRICK objecting, the resolution could
not be entertained.
The question on the title of the bill coming up,
Mr. MERRICK moved to amend by substitut-
ing "An act to continue the corporate existence of
the banks of the District of Columbia."
Mr. NORVELL moved to amend the substitute
by the following: "An act to extend the charters of
the suspended banks of the District of Columbia,"
and asked for the yeas and nays; which were or-
dered.
Mr. GRUNDY proposed to add to the end of the
substitute of the Senator from Maryland the Words,
"for two years;" which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama suggested the addition
of the words, "unless otherwise ordered by Con-
gress;" which was agreed to.
Mr. PIERCE was extremely sorry to see this
special pleading on the small matter of the title of
the bill. He had voted against it in all its stages,
but a large majority of the Senate had voted in fa-
vor of the passage of the bill, and to this dtcision
he would submissively bow. He hoped the friends
of the bill would be permited to give it thai title
which would express the intention of the body
of it.
Mr. ALLEN concurred perfectly in the «pinion
of the Senator" from New Hampshire, that the
friends of this bill should give it such a title as
would designate the object of it, and for the pur-
pose of carrying this more perfectly into effect, he
hoped they would consent to the insertion of the
word " supended " before " banks."
This was not agreed to, and the substitute of
Mr. Merrick, as amended, being read in the
following words:
"An act to continue the corporate existence of the
banks of the District of Columbia for two years,
with certain restrictions, or until otherwise ordered
by Congress;"
Mr. KING moved to strike out "or until other-
wise ordered by Congress," which was agreed to.
The question was then taken on Mr. Nobvell's
amendment, and it was negatived—ayes 11, noes
26, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Linn, Mouton,
Norvell, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut, Tappan,
Walker, Wall, and Wright—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Brown, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay of Alabama, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Hunting-
ton, King, Merrick, Nicholas, Ph.lps, Pierce, Por-
ter, Preston, Roane, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana,
Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Webster, aad Young—26.
The bill, in addition to the several acts regulat-
ing the shipment and discharge of seamen, and the
duties of consuls, was taken op as in committee of
the whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
Mr. PRESTON moved that 10,000 copies of
the plan of the Secretary of War, for the organi-
zation and discipline of the militia, be printed for
the use of the Senate.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama moved to amend, by
including the report of General Knox, aud the re-
ports of General Harrison, on the same subject;
which was agreed to.
Mr. PRESTON then moved that the two bills
accompanying the reports, should also be append-
ed to the document; which was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama then moved to amend,
by adding the two bills of 1792 and 1803, now on
our statute books on the same subject; which was
agreed to—ayes 27, noes 16, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn,
Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell, Pierce, Roane, Ro-
binson, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Sturgeon,
Walker, Wall, Williams, Wright, and Yonng
—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Merrick, Phelps, Por-
ter, Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, Tallmadge, Webster, and White—16.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to.
CLAIM OF FULTON'S HEIRS.
The report of the Committee on Claims, adverse
to the claim of the heirs oí Robert Fulton was thea
taken up, and
Mr. PHELPS addressed the Senate at much
length in opposition to the report, and in favor of
the claim.
Mr. MERRICK then submitted a motion to
amend* the report of the committee, by reversing
their decision; which was negatived—ayes 17, noes
21, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Dixon, Ful-
ton, Huntington, Linn, Merrick, Phelps, Porter,
Prentiss, Preston, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Stur-
geon, Tallmadge, Walker, Webster, and White
—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Calhoun, Davis, Grnndy, Henderson,
Hubbard, King, Mouton, Nicholas, Pierce, Roane,
Robinson, Strange, Tappan, Wall, Williams,
Wright, and Young—21.
The report ol the committee, adverse to the
claim, was then adopted.
Andt he Senate adjourned,
