CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesdat, Jane 16,18-10-
Mr. BOND asked the consent of the House to
enable him to make a report from the select com-
mittee, on the  memorial of William Wright in
relation to the settlement of the affairs of the Com-
monwealth Bank of Massachusetts with the Go-
vernment.
Objection having been made,
Mr. BOND asked for a suspension of the rules
to enable him  to   make  the  report;   and  on
that  motion   demanded   the   yeas   and   nays,
which,  having   been ordered,   were—yeas 55,
.   nays 84.
■■• So the rales were not suspended.
PILOT LAW.
The CHAIR announced that the first business in
order, daring the morning hour, was the motion of
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr- Randolph]
to recommit to the Committee on Commerce the
bill reported from that committee by the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Hillen] to repeal the law
of 1837, regulating pilots. The question immedi-
ately pending was the call for the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DICKERSON, of New Jersey, inquired of
the Chair whether .t was in order to move to post-
pone the farther consideration of the subject until
to-morrow.
The CHAIR replied that it was net—the previ-
ous question having been called for.
Mr. RANDOLPH moved that there be a call of
the House; and upon which motion,
Mr. CURTIS having demanded the yeas and
nays, they were ordered, and were—yeas 39, nays
114.
So a call was refused.
Mr. HILLEN inquired of the Chair, whether,
if the previous question was seconded, it did not
cut off the motion to recommit.
The CHAIR repl.-d that it did; and that the
question would be on ordering the bill to be read
the second time.
The previous question was then seconded and
the main question ordered, and the question now
being, "Shall the bill be read a second time."
Mr. WELLER demanded the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered, were—yeas 93,
nays 89.
So the bill havingjbeen ordered to be read the second
time, received that reading, and the question being,
"Shall the bill be ordered to be engrossed for a tbird
reading'}"
Mr. TILLINGHAST opposed the engrossment
of the bill, deprecating all party feeling, and ce n
tending that the original law was proper in its
nature, and that it was not in derogation of private
right, but, in fact, an en'argement thereof; and that
its operation upon life and property had been de-
monstrated already to be of the most beneficial and
salutary character.
Mr. TOLAND also made some remarks, in the
midst of which he was cot off by the expiration of
the morning hour, and which, like those of Mr.
Tillihghast, were, from the confusion in the
Hall, heard very imperfectly. Mr. Toland ad-
dressed himself, he said, not to any party, but to
the House. The question was one which involved
the business interests of ihe country to a much
greater extent than had been supposed. He re-
gretted mat any allusion had been made to it as a
party matter—it was not in fact so. It might, in-
deed, for aught we knew, affect a particular party
in New York or New Jersey, (though he could not
himself see how it was to do so,) but sure he was
that it was no party question in the community
which he represented; nor did he believe it to be so
in the country generally. It was a question affect-
ing the interests not only of the different parts of
the United States, but of the whole commercial
world.
Who are the parties asking for a repeal of the
lawl They were the pilots of New York—and, as
it seemed to him, the pilots alone—the very paities
to regulate wnosj conduct ihe law itself was passed
by a vote of this House, almost, and, so far as he
kuew, entirely unanimous.
These were the persons who now came here to
at)c tor a repeal of the law.   It was natural that
they should desire to rid themselves of a law that
affected their interests or their business. He re-
gretted that it should have affected them at all. But
'hat was not the question before the House. The
question for them to determine was, how did this
law affect the community? Congress was to legis-
late, not for the interests of any particular class-
not for the merchants—not for the pilots—but for
the community. What, then, was the operation of
this law? There was no belter rule by which to
test it than to go to those on whom it had operated.
The pilots, indeed, complained. But what did the
merchants do?
Mr. T, after showing the groundlessness of the
charge that ill-feeling existed towards the pilots of
New York, proceeded to state that the merchants
and underwriters of New York, of Philadelphia,
and New Orleans, were unanimously opposed to
the repeal of the law.
And at this stage of his remarks he was inter-
rupted by Mr. FISHER of North Carolina, who in-
quired of the Chair whether the morning hour had
not expired?
The SPEAKER having replied in the affirma-
tive—
Mr. FISHER asked that he might be excused
from further service on the Committee of Elec-
tions. He said that, owing to the constant em-
ployment on that committee, he was compelled to
abandon all other business- It was due to bis con-
stituents, whose business had been committed to
his charge, that he be afforded an opportunity to
attend to it; and it was due to the House, that ex-
pected him to devote all his time to the questions
before the committee, that he should be discharged,
aad another person appointed, who could devote
his whole time to such business.
Mr. EVERETT said that the same course of
reasoning would probably apply to every other
member of that committee. They were now in
the midst of their labors, and it would certainly be
very inconvenient to put any new member ou the
committee at this time. He hoped the gentleman
would not be excused.
Mr. VANDERPOEL did not see (he said) how
the request could be granted consistently with the
rights of the pa-ties implicated. The committee
had gone on looking at the testimony, and had
probably got through with one-fourth or one-half
of it. To discharge the gentleman now, would, it
seemed to him, (Mr. V.) be like putting a juror on
a case when the testimony was half closed. There
was no gentleman whom, personally, he should
feel more disposed to gratify than the gentleman
from Nerth Carolina, but he (Mr. V.) must vote
against the motion.
Mr. FISHER said that gentlemen were mistaken
if they supposed the public service would suffer in
any respect. If gentlemen would look at the na-
ture ot the investigation before the committee,
they would see that such was the fact. The com-
mittee were investigating the illegality of the
votes. Each vote presented a separate question;
each vote was put before the committee on its own
merits; and whenever the vote of the committee
was taken on that single question, it was settled.
The vote was either rejected as bad, or admitted as
good, and the question was then set aside; and
when another vote was taken np, a new question
arose. So that, in ten minutes, any man could
understand the matter as well he (Mr. F.) him-
self.
Mr. MORGAN suggested that there was another
serious objection to the discharge of the gentle-
man. The committee had decided upon certain
principles for the admission or rejection of testi-
mony. By substituting a new for an old member,
all the principles might be changed, and it might
become necessary for the committee to go over all
the testimony again.
Mr. CUSHING said that, to enable him to vote
understanding^, he would desire to know whether
it was in contemplation of the committee to report
on the several questions before them.
The SPEAKER intimated to Mr. C. not to
enlarge the subject-matter beyond its proper limits.
Mr. CUSHING said he would hwt do so.   But
there might be serious objection to granting the re-
quest of the gentleman.   It was this.  If the com-
mittee were to report at this session; if the evidence
had been nearly or entirely gone through with, and
all that remained was for judgment to be passed
upon it, it would be necessary for a new member
of the committee, if one should be appointed, to
go over that evidence again. If, oa the other hand,
the subject was not to be reported on at this ses-
sion, but was to be taken up de novo at another,
the same difficulty would not present itself.
Mr. FISHER had no desire, he said, to speak
in a language of threat, but he must state that he
could not consistently serve any longer, such was
the nature of his other duties.
Mr. EVERETT was satisfied that the gentleman
would reconsider that opinion, if the House should
determine not to excuse him.
And the question was then taken by yeas and
nays, and determined in the affirmative—yeas 105,
nays 97.
So the House decided that Mr. Fismer should be
excused from further service on the Committee of
Elections.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked the general consent of
the House to offer a resolution, which was read fcr
information, as follows, viz:
Raolved, By the House of Representative?, (the
Senate concurring therein,) that Congress will ter-
minate the present session, by adjournming sine die
on Thursday, the 9th day of July next, at eight
o'clock in the afternoon of said day.
Objections having been made from all sides of
the House,
Mr. PETRIKIN said he would not press it at
that tune, but gave notice that he would make a
daily effort to have the resolution acted upon.
A number of Senate bills on the Spbakk&'s ta-
ble were read twice, and appropriately referred.
The SPEAKER, by general consent, laid before
the House a communication from the President of
the United States, transmitting a report from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in compliance with the
resolution of the House of the 26th May last, re-
lating to the charges preferred by Dr. Ba'dwin,
against Marmaduke Burroughs, Consul at Vera
Cruz.
On motion of Mr. CRAIG, referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
The bill for the relief of General Duncan L.
Clinch, which had been returned from the Senate
with an amendment, was taken up, and the amend-
ment was concurred in.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON was understood to
give notice that he would to-morrow ask the House
to take up the joint resolution from the Senate,
continuing in force the charters of the District
banks, and that he would move the previous ques-
tion upon it.
A joint resolution from the Library Committee,
on the subject of international exchanges, coming
up on the question of engrossment for a third
reading,
On motion of Mr. PETRIKIN, (a bill of a simi-
lar character having been committed a few days
since,) its further consideration was postponed for
the present.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the House
then resolved itself into Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, (Mr. Banks in the chair)
and resumed the consideration of the Independent
Treasury bill.
Mr. BLACK being entitled to the floor, resumed
his remarks from last evening, in support of the
bill. In reply to a question from his colleague,
[Mr. Kino] as to whether the fact of having voted
for the bill of 1834, was any argument why the
same persons should vote for the present bill, Mr.
B. replied in the affirmative. He considered that
a gentleman, who had voted for Mr. Gordon's bill
of 1834, was bound by every motive of public in-
terest and consistency, to vote for the present mea-
sure. He showed that the bill of Mr. Gordon, for
which some of the most eminent men from Geor-
gia had voted, was far more ultra than the present
measure. That bill gave the Secretary of the
Treasury almost unlimited power; and white it au-
thorized that officer to demand the V*7™ } °f Go-
vernment dues in specie, It made no proviston for
payiíg™t Kwáwá * currency to the «•*.
