479
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
=Pr
sacs:
that motion demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered.
Mr. BANKS moved to lay the motion to suspend
tks rules on the table.
Mr. DANA demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion, which having bee  ordered,
Mr. BANKS withdrew his motion to lay on the
table.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules by yeas and nays; which were—
yeas 106, nays 76, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson,
Andrews, Atherton, Beatty, Beirne, Blackwell, A. Q. Brown,
Bmke, William O.Butler, John Campbell, William B.Camo-
bell, Carr, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Connor, Wil-
liam R Cooper, Craig, Cross, Davee, Davies, John Da-
via, John W. Uavia, Garret Davis, Dickerson, Doan, Doig,
Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fillmore, Fletcher, Floyd, For-
nance, Galbraith, Gentry, Gerry, Goggin, Goode, Hammond,
Hand, Hawkins, Henry, Hill of North Carolina, Holmes, Hop-
kins, Hubbard, Jackson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson,
Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kills, Leadbetter,
Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch, McKay, Marchand,
Medil I, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, Parnsh, Parmenter,
Parris, Paynter, Petrikin, Prentiss, Ramsey, Randolph, Ran-
dan, Reynolds, Ridgway, Rives. Robinson, Ryall, Samuels,
Shaw,. Simonton, John Smith, Truman Smith, Thomas
Smith, Steenrod, Strong, Stuart, Swearingen, Taliaferro,
Francis Thomas, Jacob Thompson. Turney, Underwood, Van-
derpoeljP. J Wagner, Welter, Wick, Jared W. Williams,
Henry Williams, Lewis Williams,  and J  L. Williams—106.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, J. W. Allen, Banks, Baker, Biddle,
Bond, Boyd, Bnggs, Calhoun, Carroll, Chittenden, Clark,
Mark A Cooper, Cranston, Crockett, Curtis, Cushing,
Davee, Daw«on, Deberry, Dennis, Dellet, Droomgoole, Evans,
Everett, Gates, Giddings, Graves, Green, Griffin, Habersham,
John Hastings, tlawes, Hill of Virginia, Hillen, Hoffman,
James, Jameson, Charles Johnston, Wm Cost Johnston, Kemp-
shall, King, Leet, Lincoln, Mallory, Marvin, Mason, Man-
roe, Morgan, Samuel W.Morris, Nisbet, Osborne, Palen,
Peck, Pope, Promt, Randall, Rayner, Saltonstall, Sergeant,
Shepard, Slade, Albert Smith, Stanly, Storrs, Phibp F. Tho-
mas, Toland, Tnplett, D  D. Wegener, Warren, Watteraon,
E D White, T. W. Williams, Christopher H. Williams, Wise,
and Worthington—76.
So the rules were no' suspended.
Mr. ADAMS, by general consent, presented a
memorial from the workmen on the public build-
dings; which was referred to the Committee on the
Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee or Com-
merce, reported back to the House, without
amendment, Senate bill entitled an act to autho-
rize the Secretary of the Treasury to use chemical
or any other oil in the lignt-houses,and to make the
necessary alterations for that purpose; which was
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on
(he state of the Union.
.Also reported back to the House, from the same
committee, without amendment, Senate bill enti-
tled an act to amend "au act regulating the pas-
senger ships and vessels."
Mr. CURTIS h^ped the bill would be put upon
its engrossment. It did not require cemmitmeat.
He explained the nature of the bill; which was un-
derstood to repeal so much of the existing law as
restricted the passengers to two to each ton of the
vessels carrying passengers, so far as the same
might apply to steam vessels running to certain
ports.       ____
Mr. PETTRIKIN was opposed to the passage
of the oil!; which he said would give these vessels a
monopoly and advantage over.other vessels.
Mr. CURTIS made some further remarks in
explanation of the object of the bill.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said it was a very impor-
tant bill, and the House should not be taken by
surprise by forcing the question upon it so soon.
He spoke of the humane objects of the law which
this proposed to repeal—it was a salutary one,
having a regard to the comfort and health of the
passengers. He believed, if it was repealed, so
far as it related to the steamboats, the effect would
be that those boats would be so crowded with pas-
sengers as to prove detrimental to their health.
He was not prepared to vote in favor of the repeal,
without some reflection and investigation. He
therefore moved to postpone the further considera-
tion of the bill till this day week; which motion
was agreed to, and the bill was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CURTIS also, from the same committee,
reponed back to the House, without amendment,
Senate bill entitled an act for the relief of the
owners of the British brig Despatch; which was
committed to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CURTIS also, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution:
Rtulved, That the report and chatt of the sur-
vey of the hartón of Beaufort and Wilmington,
in North Carolina, communicated to this House
by the Secretary of the Navy; and the report of
the chart of the sorveys of the Southern coast, from
Tybee island, in Georgia, to Hunting island, in
South Carolina, prepared by Lieut. Wilkes, be
lithographed; and that 2,500 of each report and
chart be published.
Mr. CURTIS explained the importance of the
charts, and hoped the question would be taken
■without delay.
Mr. TURNEY objected to the consideration of
the resolution; and, consequently, it lies over one
day.
On motion of Mr. REYNOLDS, the Committee
on the Public Lands was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of H. H. Colgan,
also from the correspondence between the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office and the Re-
corder; also from the memorial of the Missouri
Agricullural Society; and they were severally or-
dered to lie on the table.
Mr. REYNOLDS also, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back to the House without
amendment, Senate bill, entitled an act for the re-
lief of Zadoc Martin; which was committed to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. R. also reponed, from the same committee,
a bill to grant a quantity of land to the State of
Missouri, for the purpose of constructing a rail-
road from New Albany, in the State of Indiana, to
Mount Carmel, in the State «f Illinois; which was
read twice, and committed to the Committe of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi,
the Committee on the Public Lands was dis-
charged from the futther consideration of the peti-
tions and papers of Silas M. Catching, Stephen
Fox, and Wm. A. Powell, and they were severally
ordered to he on the table.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, reported back to the
House Senate bill entitled an act for the relief of
John W. Monette, with an amendment, which was
concurred in, and the amendment, according to
order, having been engrossed for a third reading,
the bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. LINCOLN, from the Committee on the
Public Lands, reported back to the House, without
amendment, Senate bill entitled an act for the re-
lief of Jane Waller; which was commi'ted to the
Committee of the Whole.
On motion of Mr. JONES ef Virginia, the rales
ef the House were suspended, and the Hou^e re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole
House on the state of the Union, (Mr. Banks in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr. BELL continued his remarks in opposition
to the bill till 24 o'clock, the hour of recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. BELL resumed bis remarks in relation to
the currency generally, and in opposition to a Sub-
Treasury as a regulator of the currency. He went
into a history of his own course with reference to
that question, with a view to prove his consistency;
and at 6 o'clock he gave way to
Mr. ALFORD, who moved that the committee
rise.
On this motion tellers being demanded and or-
dered, it was fonnd that there was no quorum.
Mr. BELL expressed his willingness to proceed
without a quorum.
Mr. ADAMS objected, as did several other
members, to the business being resumed without a
quorum.
The committee then rose, and the chairman re-
ported that fact to the House.
Mr. TILLINGHAST moved to adjourn.
Mr. VANDERPOEL demanded the years and
nays, which being ordered, were—yeas 50, nays 80,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, John W. Alien, Andrews,
Bell, Briggs, William B. Campbell, Carter. Casey, Chmn, Chit-
tenden, Clark, James Cooper, Crabb, Crockett, Edward Davies,
Dawson, Dennis, Dellet, Evans, Gentry, Goggin, Goode,
Graves, Hall,Hawes, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, James, Charles
johnston. Kempshall, Lincoln, McCarty, Naylor, Peck, Pope,
■proffit, Rayner, Ridgway, Saltonstall, Slade, Storrs, Stuart,
Taliaferro, Tillinghast, Toland, Trumbull, Warren, Thorn  
W. Williams, and Christopher H. Williams—50.         ^^
NAYS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Burke, Car?
Carroll, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Connor. Mark A. Cooper
William R. Cooper, Cross, Dana, John Davis, Doan, Dote'
Dromgoole, Duncan. Earl, Eastman, Floyd, Fornance, Oaf.
braith, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, Hawkins, Hill of North
Carolina, Holleman, Holmes, Hopkins, Hubbard, Joseph John-
son, Cave Johnson, John W Jones, Kemble, Kille, Leadbet-
ter, Leonard, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch, McKay,
Marchand, Miller, Montany , Montgomery, Newhard, Parnsh,
Parmenter, Parris, Pickens, Premiss, Reynolds, James Rogers,
Samuels, Shaw, Thomas Smith, Steenrod, Strong, Sweney.
Taylor. Francis Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vander-
poel, Weller, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, and Lewi 
Williams—80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
A quorum being now present,
The House again resolved itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the Independent Treasury
bill, and
Mr. BELL resumed, and was replying to his
colleague [Mr. Brown] on another subject, when
he was simultaneously called to order by the
Chair, and by Mr. Beatty of Pennsylvania.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said he must insist that
the rules be preserved.
Mr. WISE took an appeal from the decision of
the Chair that the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Bill] was out of order.
The question was then taken, "Shall the deci-
sion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee, by tellers, and resulted—ayes 81,
nays 38.
No quorum having voted,
Mr. VANDERPOEL said there was evidently a
quorum in the House, and he moved that the Chair
take another count, and the Chair was about di-
viding the committee for that purpose, when
Mr. WISE objected to having another count,
and insisted that the committee should rise, and
that it was the duty of the chairman to report the
fact of there being no quorum, to the House; ac-
cordingly
The committee rose, and the Chair reported the
fact to the House.
Mr. BUTLER of Kentucky moved that there
be a call of the House.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi demanded the
yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. TRIPLETT moved that the House adjourn;
and
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi demanded the
yeas and nays on that motion; which having been
ordered, were—yeas 39, nays 88, as fellows:
YEAS—Messrs. John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker, Bell,
Wm. B. Campbell, Casey, James Cooper, Crabb, Crockett,
Dawson, Dennis, Dellet, Evans, Gates, Gentry, Giddings, Gog-
gin, Goode, Graves, Hoffman, Lincoln, Naylor, Osbonie¿Ray-
ner, Ridgway, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Smart, Talia-
ferro, Tillinghast, Toland, Tnplett, Peter J. Wagner, Warren,
Edward D White, Thomas W. Williams, C. H. Williams,
and Wise—39.
NAYS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V.
Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, William O.Butler, Bynura,
Carr, Chapman, Clifford, Colquitt, Connor, Mark A. Cooper,
Wm. R. Cooper, Craig, Dana, Daves, John Davis. Doan, Doig,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher, Fleyd,
Griffin, Hammond, Hand, Hawkins, Holleman, Holmes,
Hopkins, Hubbard, Jackson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson,
Nathanisl Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kille, Leadbetter,
Leet, Leonard, Lowell, Lucas, McCulloh, McKay, Marchand,
Montanya, Samuel W. Morns, Newhard, Parnsh, Parmenter,
Parris, Paynter, Prentiss, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives, Ryall,
Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, John Smith, Thomas Smith. Stark-
weather, Strong, Sweanneen, Francis Thomas, Philip F.
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel, V room, David
D. Wagener, Weller, Wick, and J. W. Williams—88.
So the House refused to adjourn; and there
now being a quorum present,
The House again went into committee.
Mr. WISE withdrew his hppeal from the deci-
sion of the Chair.
Mr. BELL was again about proceeding in his
remarks; when
Mr. BEATTY called him to order, and insist-
ed that he could not proceed, under the rule, un-
less permission was granted by the committee.
The CHAIR said, as objection was made, the
gentleman could not proceed without parmission of
the committee.
Mr. WISE made some remarks as to the ques-
tion of order, and moved that he be permitted to
proceed in order; which was agreed to.
Mr. BELL said, unless he was permitted to re-
ply to the remarks of his colleague, [Mr. Baoww,]
he had nothing further to say, than that the charges
