of inconsistency against him were unfounded, &c.
It was jk* his haba, he said, to trespass upon the
rales, and therefore refrained from any further
Mr. EVAN3 obtained the floor.
Mr. BROWN oi Tennessee asked him to yield i
it, to enable h.m to reply to his colleague, [Mr. ¡
B-ix.1                                                               !
Mr. EVANS said he would do so, but the gen- |
ileman from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] having been '
declared to be out of order, was not permitted to
proceed in tbe remarks to which he wished to re-
ply; therefore, it was evident that he [Mr. Brown,]
«ould not reply, if he were to yield him the floor.
Oa motion of Mr. EVANS, the committee then
rote, and
Tbe House, at 10 o'clock, adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, June 18,1840.
A message was received from tbe House of Re-
presentatives, through Mr. Garland, their Clerk,
announcing the death of the Hon. Anson Brown,
a member of that body, and their consequent pro-
ceedings thereupon; which proceedings having
been read,
Mr. TALLMADGE rose, and addressed the
Senate as follows:
Mr. President: The message from the other
House, which has just been read, announces the
death of the Hon. Anson Brown, late a Represen-
tative in that body from tbe State of New York.
I rise to ask of the Senate that tribute of respect
which is due to his memory. I perform this me-
lancholy duty with no ordinary emotions. But a
few days have elapsed since the deceased was here
in la* regular discbarge of the important duties of
his station. Before he left for home, I heard him
speak of his indisposition, but I bad no apprehen-
sion of serious illness, much less this sudden and
unexpected termination of his disease. He died at
his own residence in Eallston, last Sunday evening,
surrounded by his family and friends.  ,
Mr. Brown was a gentleman of a liberal educa-
ño*, «ad distinguished attainments as a scholar, of
high standing in tbe legal profess.on, and posesssed
in an eminent degree trie esteem and confidence of
all who had the good fortune to make his acquaint-
ance. He was kind and amiable in his interconrse
in society, and no one was more happy in his do-
mestic relations. As a husband and father, none
can folly appreciate his virtues, except those who
have been called to mourn his loss. My heart
Meeds to contemplate tbe desolation of tbe widow
and the orphan whom this afflictive bereavement
has left behind. Cnt off in tbe vigor of manhood,
and in the midst of his usefulness, the community
has lost ose of its most valuable members, and
ais friends one of their most cherished associates.
His sadden death is one of those inscrutable dis-
pensations of Providence to which we ate all bound
to bow with perfect submission. I will only add,
that be was a man of the strictest integnity and ho-
nor, and that be lived respected, and died lamented,
by all who knew him.                                            ¡
As a tribute of respect for his memory, I move
for tbe adoption of the Senate the following resolu-
tions:
Rmkud, That the members of the Senate will
testify tbsir respect for the memory of the deceased,
by wearing crape on the left arm for the space of
thirty days.
Bnolved, That,  as a further mark of respect
for the memory tf the deceased, tbe Senate do now '
adjourn.                                                               j
Mr. DAVIS asked the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Tallmadge,] to give way for a moment, to IJ
enable him to make a motion, for doing wbich the '
present afforded the only opportunity.
Mr. TALLMADGE assenting,                            I
Mr. DAVIS, at the request (he said) of several ''
gentlemen, who desired that a more fnll vote should ' i
be taken on the subject of the claim of the heirs of ''
Robert Faltón, moved to reconsider the vote by ¡
which that claim was rejected; which motion was '
«greed to, and tbe subject, for the present, was laid <'
on the table.
The resolutions were then unanimously adopted,
And the Senate adjourned.
CONGRESSIONAL G1QBÉ.
¡           HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE^
1                    Thursday, June 18, 1840.
The journal having been read__
Mr. CURTIS rose and addressed the House as
follows:
Mr. Speaker: In the absence of one of my col-
leagues, who has been a member of this House
much longer than any of his companions, circum-
stances, in the opinion of my colleagues, hare im-
posed upon me this morning the performance of a
most painful duty.
I have riten, sir, to arrest the attention of the
House, if possible, for a few minutes, to an-
nounce that death has passed upon one of its mem-
bers; that death has broken the ranks of the repre-
sentation from the State of New York. The ho-
norable Anson Brown, a Representative from that
State, died at his own residence, in tbe county of
Saratoga, on Sunday evening last, at ten o'clock.
But a few days since, not now more than ten or ' <
twelve, I met him and conversed with him at one jj
of the doors of this hall.   He said he was about to t'
visit hi* famiiy for a few days, and that, before any
final decision of the House should take place upon
the subject then and   now the principal topic of
daily ducussicn, he expected to   be again in his
place; indeed, he said a letter from any friend, no-
tifying bim of its necessity, would command his
immediate return.   He shook me by the hand, and
turned from me with some cheerful expressions of
I  kindness. I saw him then, for the last time.
Alas ! sir, he has now gone beyond the calls of
public duty, and the summons of private friend-
ship addressed to him now will fall upon
■The dull cold ear of death."
It was known to some of bis colleagues and
II   more intimate friends that, from the commence-
i ¡ ment of this session, Mr. Brown  bad been the
victim of impaired health; and yet, sir, his death
was not more expected than that of the most vi-
gorous of us who occupy these places to-day. But,
sir, the event proves that, from the first day he en-
tered this hall, the hand of disease was constantly I
pressing him downward to the grave in which death
has now laid him. The event proves that, while
his colleagues, from his punctual attendance upon
the duties of this House, regarded him as but
slightly indisposed, he was in fact struggling, in
the peiformance of his pablic duty, with the pangs
of a fatal malady.
I dare not trust myself to speak of this true-
hearted man as his character deserves. I must
check the promptings of friendship, early esta-
blished, and long continued, without interruption.
But I may say of him, to those who were not fa-
miliar with bis character, that he possessed a mind
so illuminated by knowledge and reflection, a spirit
so imbued with deep sentiments of patriotism, that,
in the absence of physical infirmity, he was fitted
for a career of distinction and usefulness in this
House that would have reflected honor upon his
constituents and the people of the State to which
he belonged.
It was not without the greatest reluctance on the
part of Mr. Brown that the people of his district
induced him to enter upon the duties of public life;
and it was his intention at the close of his term of
office to have retired to those more congenial pur-
suits of a private citizen which he unwillingly sur-
rendered at the solicitation of his friends. He loved
bis home, bis family, his neighbors, and the agree-
able excttement of a profession in which he had
acquired the distinction of a sound and able law-
yer.
Mr. Speaker, it is a matter of consolation with
bis colleagues, since in the providence of God the
career of our valued friend was now to be cut
short in the meridian of his life, that the fatal ar-
row did not reach him while separated from the so-
lace of his family and the comforts of his home.
He had closed an honorable life \a the midst of
those who knew him best and honored and loved
bim most. He has finished life where he began it.
At the hour of death he was surrounded by those
who knew him as an affectionate husband, a ten-
der father, a faithfnl son, a kind neighbor, a high-
minded, patriotic citizen, and a devoted Christian.
Sir, I knew this departed friend for years that
ran back to the days of college remembrances,    I J
_____                                   '&*
"  '                  '   '                    '. ",,:'""": ■, ■" j1. :,: =
know, too, the intelligent constituency that he re-
presented. They are the people of Saratoga and
Schenectady, two of the oldest and most renowned
counties in the history of New York. Among that
people he was born; among them he bad gained
an enviable character for purity of purpose, and
for honor and fidelity in all the relations of life;
among them he lived in the affectionate regards of
numerous friends, and in the universal respect and
conidence of his fellow-citizens, of all classes and
parties. In his untimely death, his district sus-
tains an irreparable loss, the State is bereaved of
one of her worthiest sons, and this House has
parted with a member whose life and conversation
were an honor to its body.
Sir, it is not my oflice to speak of the admonition
to us who survive that comes from the early grave
of one of our fellows. It cannot fail, however,
sir, to teach us "what shadows we are," and, ar-
resting us in the midst of this scene of active and
exciting employment, it must remind us "what
shadows we pursue."
Mr. CURTIS thereupon submitted the following
resolutions:
Resolved, That this House has heard with deep
sensibility of the death of the Hon. Anson Brown,
a member from the State of New York, which
took place at his residence, at Ballston Spa, on the
14th instant.
Resolved, That, as a mark of respect for the me-
mory of the deceased, the members of this House
will wear crape on the left arm for the space of
thirty days.
Which resolutions being unanimously "adopted,
thereupon the House, on motion of Mr. CURTIS,
Adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, June 19, 1840.
The VICE SRESIDENT submitted a report
from the Secretary of the Treasury, showing, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
amount of revenue received between the end of
ihe last fiscal year and the first of the present
month; which was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
The following is an abstract of the report:
Received from customs       -          -     $6,091,951
lands          -          -       1,396,302
miscellaneous          -           33,676
Collected from former deposite banks        522,128
Issue of new Treasury notes           -       1,427,166
Mr. HUBBARD presented a petition from
sundry citizens of Racine, Wiskonsin Territory;
also, two petitions from the citizens of Southport
and Milwaukie, all praying for the construction
of a harbor at------, on Lake Michigan.   Referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TALLMADGE presented the petition of
sundry citizens of Dutchess county, New York,
praying for the passage of a general bankrupt
law; which was read, and laid on the table.
Mr. ROANE presented the petition of the widow
of John Vance, a soldier of the Revolution; which
was referred to the Commitiee on Pensions.
Mr. LINN presented a memorial from Richard
O. Davidson, praying an appropriation to test the
practicability of an invention to carry the mails
ef the United States through the air; which was
laid en the table.
Mr. MOUTON*, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the
legal representatives of Therese Malette, widow
of Caspard Pheole; which was read, and ordered to
a second reading.
The resolution submitted some days since, by
Mr. Walker, for the appointment of a select com-
mittee to inquire into the propriety of selecting Re-
porters for the Senate, was taken up, and after be-
ing discussed by Messrs. WALKER, TAPPAN,
CLAY of Kentucky, NORVELL, ALLEN, AN-
DERSON, KING, and CLAY of Alabama, its
further consideration was postponed for tbe pre-
sent.
On motion by Mr. WEBSTER, the bill to a,utho*
