476
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
perior strength. He admitted that one of the effects
of the present measure would be a restriction of
State influence; but it would be nothing, compared
with the oppression of a National Bank. The pro-
visions of this bill were calculated to operate with-
out partiality, and it would be evident that we
ought always to base our legislation on the great
fundamental principle of equal right?, etc.
Mr. R. concluded by saying that he had merely
glanced at the various important principles involved,
as he did not wish to detain the committee, for
if it was proper the bill should pass at all, it was
necessary that it should pass speedily.
Mr. DAVID D. WAGENER, after some preli-
minary remarks, proceeded to notice the objection
raised by Mr. Evans on yesterday, viz: that this
bill was pressed to the exclusion of the appropria-
tion bills.   Mr. W. could not suppress his surprise
and astonishment at such an objection.   In the
early part of the session, were not the Opposition
continually taunting the honorable chairman of the
Ways and Means, and asking him why he did not
bring forward the bill?   Were they not contipually
insinuating that the Administration party dare not,
and would not bring forward the bill?   And now,
forsooth, when the bill was brought forward, these
very same gentlemen were complaining about "de-
lay of the appropriation bills, etc.1'                           j
Mr. W. then proceeded to notice the great out- , i
cry which had been raised in relation to the "war ¡!
of Govenment upon the banks."    He showed that  : ]
this charge was as ridiculous as it was unfounded,  i j
The act of June, 1836, empowered the Secretary to J j
deposite the public money in such banks as paid : Í
specie for their notes, and which did not issue notes j i
of a less denomination than five dollars.   Now as
soon as the banks refused to pay specie, by the
words of the law, they ceased to be depositories.
After their suspension the Secretary had no power
to continue their use as depositories.     Was the
committee, then, willing to continue the immense
power and responsibility of disposing of the money
in the hands of the Secretary, under the supervi-
sion   of the Presidem?   Had not the President
called upon them repeatedly for the passage of this
. bill establishing additional safeguards, and had not
those calls been as repeatedly unheeded. He was
surprised at the language of the gentleman from
Massachusetts the other day, censuring the Execu-
tive in relation to these banks, when he must have
known that the law was imperative, and that when
the banks ceased to pay specie, from that moment
they could no longer be depositories.
Mr.W. then took a review of the shameful
course pursued by the old United States Bank, and
asked whether gentlemen were really willing for
the re-establishment of another institution, which
must and would produce similar results. In the
course of his remarks on this branch of the sub-
ject, he introduced a curious piece of evidence to
prove the unconstitutionality of such a Bank. It
was no other than a report made by Mr. Clay of
Kentucky, in the Senate, in 1811, on a memorial
from the stockholders of the Bank, asking an ex-
tension of one year for the purpose of winding up
its affairs. That report stated that "as they did
not consider a Bank of the United States as consti-
tutional, they could not grant the prayer," etc.
Mr. W. said he merely referred to this for the be-
nefit of the Opposition, that they might know what
the opinions of Mr. CJay were at that time.
He next took a survey of all the circumstances
connected with the employment of the State banks,
and showed most clearly that their separation from
Government was entirely their own act, in sus-
pending specie payments, and not by any compul-
sory measure on the part of Government.
Mr. W. then replied at length to the various ob-
jections nrged against the present bill, and showed
that such objections needed only to be examined to
be confuted. In the course of bis remarks, he in-
troduced a speech of Mr. Webster in 1816, on the
currency, in which was the following remarkable
sentence: "the" sooner you collect your money in
gold and silver, the better."
Mr. W. made also other extracts, which will be
given as soon as his remarks can be written out in
full.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania next took the 1
floor, and on his motion the committee rose: ayes
45, noes 44.
Mr. HOFFMAN moved to adjourn.
Hr. HUBBARD demanded the yeas and nays;
which bein? ordered, were—yeas 54, nay?. 51.
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Andrews, Baker, Barnard,
Black, Brockway, Sampson H. Butler, Bynum, Calhoun,
William B Campbell, Casey, James Cooper, Mark A. Cooper,
Cranston, Cushing, Eáward Davies, Dawson, Deberry, Dellet,
Everett, Galbraith, James Garland, Qoode, Green, William S.
Hastings, Uawes, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, James, Kemp-
shall, King, Marvin, Monroe, Morgan, Naylor, Petrikin, Pope,
Rayner, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Slade, Storis,
Stuart, Sumter, Taliaferro, Tillinghast, Toland, Trumbull,
P. J. Wagner, Warren, and Thomas W. Williams—54.
NAYS—Messrs. Judson Allen, John W. Allen, H. J. Ander-
son, Banks, Beirne, Blackwell, William O. Butler, Carr, Car-
roll, Carter, Clifford, Connor, Win. R. Cooper, Crabb, Dana,
Davee, John Davis, Doan, Doie, Earl, Fisher, Floyd, Gerry,
Hammond, Hand, Hill of North Carolina, Holleman. Hubbard,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Kille, Lucas,
McCIetlan, McKay, Marchand, Montanya, Newhard, Parmeu-
ter, Parris, Paynter, Prentiss, Rhett, Samuels, Albert Smith,
Steenrod, Swearingen, Bweney, J. Thompson, Jared W. Wil-
liams, and Henry William —51.
So at half past five, the House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Mondat, June 22,1840.
Mr. TAPPAN rose and said, that when the reso-
lution submitted some days since by the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Walkir,] in relation to the
Reporters for the Senate, was before the body, he
had incidentally made the remark that we had fre-
quently elected officers of different politics from a
majority of the Senate. The Senator from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Clay] asked me in a somewhat ban-
tering manner, to name an instance, and I replied
by naming the Chaplain of the Senate. 1 did this
on information from sources, which I deemed sa-
tisfactory, that his political sentiments were such
as I represented them to be. Mr. T. said, that he
bad since been informed by the Chaplain that his
assertion was incorrect. That he belonged to
neither of the political parties of the country. That
he conceived it to be his duty, as a minister of the
Gospel, to abstain from any interference in politi-
cal matters, considering that it would have a ten-
dency to limit his usefulness, and prevent him do-
ing an much good as he was desirous of doing.
Every man, of course, knows hit sentiments best,
and Mr. T- felt convinced that he had done the
Chaplain injustice in the remark he had made.
Feeling thus, it gave him great pleasure to retract
the statement.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial from
merchants of New York and other citizens, on the
subject of the bankrupt law, declaring that what-
ever was their opinion of the expediency of pass-
ing such a law at this time, they were all agreed
that the consent of the majority of the interest of
creditors should be made necessary to the release
of the debtor, and that the bill should not go into
effect till one year after its passage.
The memorial, on motion of Mr. W. was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to which was referred
The memorial of David Green, and
The memorial of the administratrix of G, W.
Owen, asked te be discharged from the further
consideration thereof; which was agreed to.
Mr. W. from the same committee, to which die
petitions and the joint resolution for the relief of
the sufferers by the tornado at Natchez had been
referred, reported the joint resolution back, with
an amendment, authorizing the Planters' Bankand
the Agricultural Bank of Natchez to retain the pub-
lic money now in their hands three years longer,
from the 8th of July next, in ease those banks
would accept the offer, for the purpose of relieving
the sufferers in question, the banks alone to con-
tinue responsible to this Government. The amend-
ment was read, ordered to be printed, and laid on
the table, Mr. W. giving notice that he should call
up the bi II as soon as convenient.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred House bills
For the relief of Josiah Strong;
For the relief of Samuel Brown;
For the relief of John Allison;
For the relief of William York;
For the relief of John Black;
For the relief of Thomas Collins;
Fox the relief of John H. Lincoln;
For the relief of Hiram Saul;
For the relief of Nathaniel Davis;
For the relief of Barton Hooper; and
For the relief oí Isaac Justice;
severally reportel the same without amendment
and recommended their indefinite postponement, '
Mr. PIERCE, from the same committee ' to
which was referred House bills                        '
For the relief of Peter W. Short;
For the relief of Israel Parsons; and
For the relief of Medad Cook;
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions
to which was referred House bills                          '
For the relief of Samuel M. Asbury;
For the relief of James Bailey;
For the relief of William Sloan;
For the relief of Levi M. Roberts; and
For the relief of John Davis;
severally made adverse reports therer-r.
Mr. W. from the same committee, to which w j
refered House bill
For the relief of Sylvester Tiffany,
reported the same without amendment.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which was referred bills from the House
For the relief of Myron Chapin;
For the relief of Joseph W. Knipe;
For the relief of Simeon Knight;
For the relief of Robert Lucas;
For the relief of Wilfred Knott;
For the relief of William Poole;
reported the same without amendment, and recom-
mended their indefinite postponement.
Mr. P. form the same committee, reported the
bill for the relief of Seneca Rider.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to which was referred the petition
of Joshua Knnedy, assignee of George Tucker,'
reported a bill for his relief; which was read, and
ordered to a second reading.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a joint resolution to authorize
the Secretary of the Navy to purchase repeating
rifles and pistols for the use of the navy; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which was referred the memorial of American
¿citizens, resident at Malaga, respecting a burial
place, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration, which was agreed to.
The joint resolution tor the relief of Langtrte and
O'Snllivan;
The bill for the "relief of certain companies of
Missouri volunteers;
The bill for the relief of the executor of Thomas
Cooper, deceased;
A bill to refund a fine, imposed under the sedition
law, to the heirs of Matthew Lyon, deceased;
were severally considered as in committee of
the whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill giving the assent of Congress to the acts
of Virginia incorporating the Falmouth and Alex-
andria Railroad Company, and for other purposes,
was taken up as in committee of the whole, and,
after a very interesting and animated debate, in
which Messrs. TAPPAN, MERRICK, ALLEN,
ROANE, WALKER, WALL, BUCHANAN,
CRITTENDEN, SMITH of Connecticut, HUB-
BARD, and CALHOUN participated—the ques-
tion, on a motion by Mr. TAPPAN to strike out
the third section of the bill containing the appropri-
ation of 300,000 dollars, being taken, it was decided
in the negative, by yeas and nays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Hubbard, Linn,
Lumpkin, Mouton, Pierce, Robinson, Smith of Con-
necticut, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wall, Wil-
liams, Wright, and Young—20.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Cuthbert, 'Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Hen-
derson, Huntington, King, Knight, Merrick, Nicho-
las, Norvell, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Roane,
Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge,
Walker, Webster, and White—25.
Mr. TAPPAN offered an amendment, reqairing
snch security for carrying the mail as the Secretary
of the Treasury should deem sufficient,
uss
w
I
9
to
i
*\
n
n
4
