CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4tt
Mr. PRENTISS offered, as a substitute, a pro-
vision for a hen on that part of the road within the
District.
After a brief conversation, the action on the bill
was suspended.
SYSTEM OF BANKRUPTCY.
The Senate, on motion of Mr. CRITTENDEN,
took up the bill (from the Select Committee) esta-
blishing a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out the united Sutes.
Mr. CRITTENDEN, from the Select Commit-
tee, submitted various minor amendments, which
«ere severally agreed to.
Mr. HUNTINGTON, having offered two or
three minor amendments, which were agreed to,
moved to amend the bill by securing from its ope-
ration the rights of married women, and liens and
mortgages on property, all as established by State
laws, so far as would not be inconsistent with cer-
tain provisions of this bill. This amendment had
special reference to the laws and usages of Lou-
isiana.
Mr. WRIGHT opposed this amendment with
great earnestness, particularly as going to sanction
preferences which the Senate had expressly ex-
ploded.          ____
Mr. WEBSTER argued at some length that
mere was nothing of such preferences in this
amendment.
Messrs. MOUTON,WALL,WALKER, PREN-
TISS, and CRITTENDEN also participated in the !
long and intricate debate on this amendment.
The amendment was then agreed to by yeas and
■ays, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benton, Clayton, Crittenden,
Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Huntington, King,
Knight, Linn, Met rick, Mouton, Nicholas, Nor-
vell, Phelps, Porter, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Tallmadge, Walker, and Webster—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Lumpkio, Pierce, Robinson,
Staneon, Wall, White, Williams, and Wright—8.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted a variety of amend-
ments, the most important of which was to require
a majority of interest of the creditors, in order to ob-
tain the release of the debtor. These amendments
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. RÜGGLES also offered several amend-
ments, which were ordered to be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT presented two memorials of citi-
zens of New York, on the subject of the proposed
bankrupt law, similar in tenor to those submitted
by H'-  at the commencement of the sitting; which
were laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Mommy, June 23, 1840.
Mr. CLIFFORD asked the general consent of
the Honae to submit a resolution; which was read
for the information of the House as follows:
Whereas Senate   bill  127, entitled an act to
Sovide for the collection, safekeeping, trans-
r, and disbursement of the public revenue,
was taken up in the Committee of the Whole
whole on the sute of the Union on the 20th of
May last, and has been under discussion to this
time; and whereas the period has arrived when it
is proper to close the present session of Congress
with as little delay as possible; and whereas much
of the indispensable public business is yet to be
acted on; therefore
RttUvtd, That the said committee be discharged
from die consideration of said bill, from and after
Friday next, unless the same shall be reported to
the House at an earlier day; and that said bill, with
such amendments, if any, as shall have been
adopted in said committee, shall be taken up in the
House on Saturday next, at 12 o'clock noon, and
be the special order, until finally disposed of, re-
serving to said committee the right, according to
the rules of the House, to report the same sooner
if the discussion shall terminate.
Mr. WISE objected to the reception of the reso-
lution; and_____
Mr. PROFFTT demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WISE moved a call of the House; which
was ordered, and proceeded in, when 128 members
answered to their names; the list of absentees was
r*]\mA over, until 159 answered to their names;
when,
On motion of Mr. GALBRAITH all further
proceeding in the call was dispensed with.
The question recurring on the motion to suspend
the rules, and the yeas and nay* having been or-
dered, were taken, and were—yeas 109, nays 76, as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Husrh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blickwell, Biyd, Aaron v!
Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Sampson H. Butter, Wm.
O. Butler, Bynum, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chinn, Clifford, Col-
quitt, Connor, Craig,  Crary, Crockett, Cioss, Dana, Davee.
John Daws, * w **—'- "■-•-------"-      ~ ■-----—■      -^
Duncan,
nance, Galbraith, Gerry,
J. Hastings. Hawkins, Hill of "iSorth Carohna, Hook, HopkmsJ
Hubbard, Jackson,  Jameson,   Joseph Johnson,  Cave John-
son,  Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Kille, Lsadbetter, Leet,
Leonard, Lowell, Lucas, McCulloch, McKay, Mallory, Mar-   ,
chand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery,  Samuel W.   i
Morns, Newhard, Nisbet, Parrieh, Parmenter, Parne.Paynier,   J
Petnkin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rives, Edward
Rogers,  Ryall,  Samuels, Shaw, Albert Smith, John Smith,
Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Sweanngen,
Sweney,   Taylor,   Jacob   Thompson,   Turney,   David    D.
Wageoer, Watterson.  Weller, Wick,    Jared W.  Williams,
Kenry Williams, and Joseph I  Williams—109.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, Andrews, Baker, Bell,
Biddle, Bond, Briggs, Brockway, Caihoun, John Campbell,
Wm. B. Campbell, Carter, Chittenden, James Cooper, Crabb,
Cranston, Curtis, Davies, Garret Davis, Deberry, Dennis,
Dellet, Evans, Everett, James Garland, Gates, Gen-
try, Goode, Habersham, Hall, William S. Hastings,
Hawes, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, Hunt, James, Jeni-
fer, Charles Johnston, Kempshall, Lincoln, Marvin, Mason,
Monroe, Morgan, Naylor, Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Peck, Pope,
Proffit, Randall, Randolph, Randen, Rayner, Reed, Ridgway,
Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simonton, Stanly, Storrs, Stuart,
Taliaferro, Tillinghast, Toland, Tnplett, Peter J. Wagner,
Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, Christopher H. Wil-
liams, and Wise—76.
So the House refused to suspend the rules, there
not being two-thirds.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the rules were
suspended, and the Hou«e resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Banks in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania, who was enti-
tled to the floor, opposed the passage of the bill.
In an examination of the causes of the derange-
ment of the currency at the present day, and the
consequent evils resulting therefrom, he traced it
to the removal of the deposites from the Bank of
the United States. He attributed all the issues of
State stocks to the stimulation produced by the de-
posite of the revenues of the Government with the
State banks. Such stocks being forced into the
market abroad, produced the flood of imports which
has crushed the best interests of the country; finally
he attributed all the evils of the times to the " ex-
periments" of the Administration. He then spoke
of the Bank of the United States, and the good cur-
rency which that institution  afforded the country.
Mr. RAYNER opposed the bill, and advanced
many reasons why he would not vote for it. He,
as a Sute Rights man, advocated a Bank of the
United States as an antagonist measure to the In-
dependent Treasury bill, and the only proper mea-
sure for the relief of the country. A National
Bank, he said, was the child of the revolution; and
he went for it because he believed it was a Repub-
lican measure. He then examined the course of
General Jackson with reference to the currency,
and attributed his intermeddling with it as the
cause of all the evils and derangements complained
of heretofore as well as at the present time. He
also spoke of his own efforts in favor of Gen.
Jackson, and acknowledged that he was
deluded and misled into his support. He de-
nounced him as a tyrant. He went into a history
of the course of'General Jackson in relation to
the late Bank of the United States; and said, so
soon as that institution refused to bow to the dic-
tates of the tyrant, the war was commenced. He
vetoed it, and all the suffering of the country was
the result of it. "He spoke of the deposite system
which had exploded, and said he had nothing to do
with forming the connection between the Govern-
ment and the State banks, and he would have
nothing to do with severing that connection. He
then spoke of the economy ef establishing a Bank
of the United Sutes to disburse the revenues, instead
of passing the Independent Treasury bill. This
bill would cost the Government many thousand
dollars to put it in operation; but on the other hand
the Government could get at least one and a half
millions as a bonus to'gr&nt * charter for a bank.
He then went into an argument to show the duty of
the National Government to take care of the inte-
rests of the people; and in doing which he observed,
that when he spoke of taking care ef the interests
of the people, he did not mean to be understood as
referring to the wretched rabble of our cities, who
shouted and hallooed at the elections, but he meant
the rich as well as the poor, and the capitalist,
through whose means the business of the country
was carried on. Before Mr. R. concluded,
The House, at 24 o'clock, took the usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. RAYNER concluded his remarks in opposi-
tion to the Independent Treasury bill, and in favor
of a National Bank as its antagonist measure. He
spoke of the beneficial effects of that institution as
a regulator. It heretofore kept the moneys safe,
the currency and exchanges regnlar, and could do
it again. He made an argument in favor of the
constitutionality of such an institution, grounded
on the opinion that it was indispensably necessary
to carry out that provision of the 8th section of the
1st article of the Constitution, which gives the
power to Congress "to lay and collect taxes, duties,
imports, and excises, to pay the debts of the Go-
vernment."
Mr. HOLLEMAN then took the floor, and said
that in the tew words he had to say, he should not,
like the gentleman who had last spoken, depend on
his imagination or glowing descriptions of historical
scenes. He had always been taught that denunci-
ation and declamation were poor substitutes for ar-
gument. And he was surprised that the gentleman
should have so far mistaken the character of the
American people as to imagine that they would be
led away by mere senseless denunciation. The
gentleman had, in the course of his remarks, asked
«'whence all this hurry in pressing this bill." Now,
did not the gentlemen remember, that a few months
ago his party were constantly taunting the
friends of the Administration about the "delay"
of the bill? Did not the gentleman remember the
sarcastic allusions to it, and the insinuations that
the bill would not be brought forward at allí Yet
now the bill was taken up, the friends of that gen-
tleman had suddenly changed their cry, and the
Administration members were denounced for en-
deavoring to pass the bill. Now what was to be
done? If the bill was not brought up, the Opposi-
tion were displeased; and if it was brought up, the
same course of abuse and denunciation was pur-
sued.
After some further preliminary remarks, Mr. H.
proceeded to discuss the merits of the bill, and to
show its great superiority over any other system.
Alluding to the charge that losses would occur
under the operation of this bill, Mr. H. asked
where was the system, however well contrived, un-
der which losses had not taken place? At what
period was it.when Governments were not defraud-
ed more or less by officers, through whose bands its
money passed? Such would ever be the case, so
long as the imperfection of human nature existed;
and until the time when the "Millenium" should
arrive, and all men become honest, such losses
must be expected.
He ehpwed that the cry about an "exclusive
LawMfcy for the office holders" was as ridiculous
as it was false. He asked whether the hard mo-
ney would not be paid out to the numerous pen-
sioners, our soldiers who fought our battles, and
our hardy sailors who toiled on the deep. Instead
of this bill being for the benefit of a few only, it
was for the benefit of the mass.
' Mr. H. then went into an examination of the
career of the United States Bank, and from docu-
mentary evidence proved bow futile were the
boasted assertions of its being a "Regulator,  Ac.
He had not concluded at eight o'clock, at which
h°Mr. -ANDREWS moved that the con**!  
rise; which motion P""!¡|d¿wg
On motion of Mr. ANDREWSj
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
TD«3DAY,J«aeSM840-   . ,    . .
