4T8
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
navy, praying for a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WALKER, from the Commxtiee on the
Public Lands, to which the subject was reterred,
reported a joint resolution in addition to a joint re-
ssiution authorizing certain certificates to be can-
celled and reissued; which, on motion by Mr. W.
and by unanimous consent, was considered as in
committee of the whole, and ordered to ba engrossed
for a ihird reading.
Mr. LUMPKIN, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been re-
ferred the memorial of the Southern Steam Packet
Company for compensation lor carrying the
mail, asked to be discharged from its further con-
sideration.
Mr. CALHOUN said the memorial was present-
ed by his colleague, [Mr. Preston,] who was not
now in his seat; and he hoped the action of the Se-
nate would be delayed until he was present; which
was agned to.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee   on  Pen-
sions, to which was referred bills from the House,
For the relief of Elijah Fouchee;
For the relief of Hugh Davis;
For the relief of Jabez Collins;
For the relief of Thurston Cornell; and
v  For the relief of James Smith;
made adverse reports thereon, which were ordered
to be printed.
The House bill to refund a fine imposed on the
late Matthew Lyon, under the sedition laws, to his
legal heirs and representatives,
A bill for the relief of the executor of Thomas
Cooper, deceased;
A bill for the relief of certain companies of Mis-
souri volunteers;
were read a third time, and passed.
The joint resolution lor the relief of Langtree
and O'Sullivan was taken up on its third reading,
and after debate, in which Messrs. PORTER,
TAPPAN, WALL, DAVIS, and BUCHANAN
participated, it was recommitted to the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library.
The resolution of the Committee on the Post
Office, asking to be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of the Southern
Steam Packet Company, was taken up, and after
some remarks by Mr. LUMPKIN and Mr. PRES-
TON, was agreed to.
The bill for the relief of the sureties nf Archibald
Sneed, deceased; and
The bill for the punishment of certain crimes
against the United States, and for other purposes;
were severally considered as in committee of the
whole, and were ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
SYSTEM OF BANKRUPTCY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to establish a uniform  system   of   bankruptcy
throughout the United States.
Mr. PRENTISS spoke at some length on the ge-_
neral merits of the bill. He drew a distinction between
insolvent laws and bankrupt laws, which distinction,
he argued, prevailed in England till long after the
adoption of the Constitution in this country. He
argued from this, and from other considerations
and documents, that the power of bankruptcy in
the Constitution was merely a supplemental part of
the power over commerce, and that a bankrupt
law, therefore, ought to be confined to the commer-
cial classes, and should be carefully made to do
equal justice to debtor and creditor.
While Mr. P. admitted that this bill might be
productive of highly beneficial and desirable results,
it would inevitably open wide the way for various
evils which Mr. P. specified, the chief of which was
the introduction and practice of frauds.   Cn the
whole, Mr. P. dared not try it, even as an experi-
ment; for   he   was  greatly   apprehensive that it
would work a revolution of the worst kind, both in
the morals and business of the country.
Mr. P. having concluded his remarks,
Mr. WRIGHT offered an  amendment, requir-
ing the voluntary bankrupt to set forth in his peti-
tition to the court for a discharge under the act, a
list of his creditors, their respective places of re-
sidence, and the amount due to each; together with
M accurate inventory oí his property, rights and
credits, of every name, kind, and description, and
(he location and situation oí each and every parcel
thereot; these statements to be made upon oatn, anil
according to the btst knowledge and behet ol the
debtor.
This amendment was adopted without a divi-
sion.
Mr. WRIGHT then offered a further amend-
ment, to add an additional cause tor involuntary
bankruptcy, to these enumerated in the bill, in sab-
substance as follows:
"That in case the debtor, being arrested or sur-
rendered in the discharge of his bail, shall remain
in prison forty days, or shall escape therefrom,
or shall not within forty days gtve the necessary
bail, or security, required by law, when his person,
lands, or effects, shall be arrested or attached, by
process issuing out of any court of record, then
ihe creditors should be authorized to proceed under
the bankrupt law against him as a bankrupt."
This amendment was advocated at some length
by Messrs. WRIGHT aud WALL, and opposid
t>v Messrs. HUNTINGTON, CRITrENDEN,
WALKER, WEBSTER, and PHELPS, and ne-
gatived—ayes 18, noes 23, as follow*:
YEAS—Messrs Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin,
Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon,Wall,Williams, Wright, and Young—18.
NAYS—Mtssrs. Anderson, Clay of Kentucky,
Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Henderson,
Huntington, Knight, Merrick, Nicholas, Norvell,
Phelps, Porter, Preston, Ruggles, Smith ot Indiana,
Southard, Tallmadge, Walker, Webster, and
White—23.
Mr. WALL offered an amendment, to add an
additional clause for involuntary bankruptcy, to
those enumerated in the bill, in substance as fol-
lows:
"That in case the debtor shall make any fraudu-
lent gift, sale, or other transfer of his goods, chat-
tels, credits, or property of any descr ption, or shall
declare himself to be insolvent, or unable to pay
his debts, or other engagements, then the creditors
should be authorized to proceed under the bankrupt
law against him as a bankrupt."
The amendment was lost by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs.    Allen,   Anderson,    Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Fulton, Hubbard, King, Linn,
Lumpkin, Pierce, Roane, Robinson Smith of Con-
necticut, Sturgeon, Wall, Wright, ana Young—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davis, Huntington, Knight, Merrick,
Nicholas, Norvell, Phelps, Porter, Preston, Rug-
gles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, Wal-
ker, Webster, White, and Williams—20.
Mr. WRIGHT then offered a further amend-
ment, of the folluwing substance.
"That in cases wheie a creditor makes the appli-
cation for a commission of bankruptcy against a
debtor, any other creditor may come before the
court, or the jury, and offer proof of coliu ion in
the application between the creditor making the
application and the debtor against whom it is made,
and if such proof should be made to the satisfac-
tion of the court, or jury, then ihe proceedings
should be discontinued, and no certificak-, or dis-
charge, given to the bankrupt under the act."
Mr. WEBSTER inquired what could be the ne-
cessity of this amendment, when every bankrupt
could make his own application at pleasure?
Mr. WRIGHT replied that, as the bill stood, the
amendment would be wholly unimportant; but that
another amendment, which he proposed to offer, if
adopted, would make this very essential. In order,
however, to enable the Senate to act clearly and
intelligibly, if the Senate would give him leave, he
would pass this amendment, and offer that one
upon which this particularly depended, though not
in the proper order of his amendments offered yes-
terday, and now printed and upon our tables.
A general call of "leave, leave," being re-
sponded,
Mr. WRIGHT offered an amendment, in sub-
stance as follows:
"That in every case of voluntary bankruptcy,
the certificáis and discharge provided ior in the
law shall not be gran'ed wnhjmt the consent of at
least one half, in amount of debts, of the creditors
of such bankrupt."
This amendment was lost by the following vote-
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Andeison, Benton'
Brown, Luchanan, Fulton, Hubbard, Linn, Lump',
kin, Pierce, P entras, Roane, Rubimon, Smith of
Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Wall, Wilhams
Wright, and Young—20.                                   '
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentue'rv, Clayton
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Henderson, Huntington'
King, Knight, Merr ck, Nicho'a«, Nerved, Phelps'
Porter, Pn-non, Rubles, Smith of Irdiana'
Southard, Tallmadge, Walker, Webster, and
White—22
Mr. WRIGHT then declared his willingness t0
omit his preceding amendment, depending upon that
jubt rejected, and pioceeded to offer a further
amendment, in the following words:
"And in case it  hall be made to appear to the
court, in the course of ihe proceedings in bankrupt-
cy, that the bankrupt, his applica ion being volun-
tary, has, su Ivequent to the first < ay oí January last
or at any o'her time in contemplation of the passage
uf a bankrupt law, by assignments or otherwise,
g ven or secured, any p"d i< n^e to one creditor
ovei another, he shall not leoeive a d'scharge, unless
the same be assented to by ? majority in interest of
those of hiscredttois ul;o have not been so pre-
teried "
This amendment was strong'y oppose 1 by Mr.
Wfc.B3rER.and adroca'ed by Mr. WRIGHT,
and agreed to by the following vote
YE^S—Me^sis. Allen, Anderson, Benton
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Cuihbert, Fulton,
Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkm, Pierce, Prentiss',
Roane, Robinson, Smnh ot Connecticut, Strange,
Sturgeon, Tappan, Wall, Williams, Wright, and
YouBg—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Clayton,
Crittenden, Davii, Dixun, Henderson, Huntington,
Knight, Merrick, Nicholas, Norvell, ¿"helps, Porter,
Preston, Rujgles, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Tallmadge, Walker, Webster, and White—21.
Mr. WRIGHT then offered the following fur-
ther amendment:
That the bill should take effect from and after
the thirtieth day of June next, and not sooner.
Mr. WALKER objected to the length of time,
and proposed ihe first day of January next.
Mr WRIGHT said if the gentleman will accept
the fourth day of March next, I will so modify my
amendment.
Mr. WALKER assenting,
Mr. WRIGHT modified hi amendment so as to
read from and after the fourtn day of March next,
instead of the thirtieth day of June next.
The amendment was, adop ed; ayes 23, noes not
counted.
Mr. WILLIAMS men offered an amendment of
the fallowing substance:
"That the debtor shall not be discharged, in case
a majority of his creditors, in number and value of
d^bls, and who shall have proved their debts be-
fore the court, shall ft'e their written dissent against
the gi anting of such discharge "
This amendment was adopted without a divi-
sion.
Mr. W. then offered an entirely new secuon to
the bill, in the following word=:
"And if, in any case of bankruptcy, a majority
in number and value of the creditors who shall
have proved their debts at the time of hearing of
the petition of the bankrupt for a discharge, as
hereinbefore provided, shall, at such hearing, file
their written dissent to the allowance of a discharge
and certificate to such bankrupt, or if, upon such
hearing, a discharge shall not be decreed to him,
the bankrupt may demand a trial by jury, upon a
proper issue, to be directed by the court, at such
time and place, and in such manner, as the court
may order; or he may appeal to the circuit court
next to be held within fie district after fourteen
days from the time of claiming the appeal, and
such appeal shall be claim d, and notice thereof
given to th« court be'ow within ten days after the de-
cision appealed from, and said appeal may be heard
by said court summarily or by a jury at the option of
the bankrupt,and the creditors may appear and object
