COJraHESSIOJVAt, «LOBE.
26th Cons..........1st Sess.
TUESDAY, JUNE 30, 1840.
Volume 8...........No. 31.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
-WEEKLY-
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.
Conlinvtdfrom JVb- 30.
ground that the gentleman from New York had re-
ferred to it in his speech------
Several members here called Mr. Barnard to or-
der, and a scene of great confusion arose, which
lasted for some minutes.
After the disorder had somewhat subsided, Mr.
PROFFIT called for tellers on the appeal,-which
were ordered.
The question then being put as follows: "Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?"   The ayes were 68,
Mr. JENIFER here complained that his appeal
had not been fairly stated, and on that he called
upon his friends not to vote. Messrs. Proffit,
Barnard, and others took the same ground,
and called to their friends, "Do cot let us vote."'
Mr. JENIFER said he hoped no friend of his
wonld vote.
The confusion and disorder was here renewed
with increased vi"lence, upwards of a score of mem-
bers being on their feet and attempting to speak at
once.
The CHAIR again stated the ground* of his
decision, viz: That the gentleman was going on to
discuss Abolitionism, hard cider, etc. because the
gentleman from New York had referred to those
subjects in the concluding paragraph of his speech,
and that such was irrelevant, etc.
Mr.  PROFFIT pro:ested,   in   a   loud   voice,
against this statement, and denounced it as unfair.
Several members called Mr. Proffit to order,
and insisted that he should take his seat.
* The question on the appeal was taken by tellers;
Messrs. Briggs and Chapman of Alabama acted as
such; and those opposed to the decision of the
Chair refusing to pass through the tellers, and their
being no quorum of the affirmative votes,
The CHAIR had no alternative than to rise and
report the fdct to the House.
The SPEAKER having resumed the chair,
Mr. JENIFER was proceeding to refer to what
had occurred in committee, when he was called to
order by the Speaker, on the ground that there
could be no debate.
At the request of several members, the Speaker
counted the House, and a quorum appearing in
their seat , the House again resolved itself into
Committee of the Whole—Mr. Banks in the chair.
The question being on the appeal,
Mr. JENIFER contended that the Chair, in
stating the ground of the appeal, bad erred as to the
fact. Mr. J. said he was not proceeding to discuss
the subject reíeired to in the speech of the gentle-
man from New York, hat had merely expressed his
iatention of so doing. When he was called to or-
der, he had not gone on to discuss them—he had not
said a single word.
The CHAIR repeated that he had called the gen-
tleman to order on the ground that he was pro-
ceeding to discuss the subject of Abolition, etc.
Mr. BRIG0S coincided with the Chair as to
what he believed were the facts of the case. The
gentleman from Maryland, after reading the para-
graph from the speech o( the gentleman from New
York on the subject of Abolition, was then proceed-
ing to speak upon it, when the Chair interfered,
and he (Mr. B.) thought very properly.
The CHAIR again propounded the question on
the appeal, on which tellers had been ordered, and
there were—ayes 68 in favor of the decision. The
Whig  opposed t© the decisien of the Chair again
refused to vote.
Mr. ADAMS and others called upon their friends
not to vole, and the result was, that the Chair was
again compelled to rise and report the absence of a
quorum, although there was a quorum in their
seats.                                   ■*
The SPEAKER having resumed the Chair,
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama moved to adjourn.
On this motion the yeas and nays were ordered,
and were—yeas 20, nays 119.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JENIFER then addressed the Speaker on I
the subject of his appeal in committee, and com-
plained that he had been denied the right of speak-
ing on his own appeal, which he demanded as a
right, etc.
Mr. KEIM asked if the gentleman was to be the
sole judge of what was right.
The SPEAKER said the gentleman was under
the control of, and must abide by, the decisions of
the committee.
Mr. JENIFER wished to know if he bad not
the right to ask the Sfeaker to appoint another
chairman.
Mr. BANKS rose to reply, as did other gentle-
man, when
The SPEAKER said there could be no debate,
and, as a quorum was now present, the House
would go again into committee, and the Chair-
man would be pleased to resume the chair.
Mr. Banks accordingly resumed the chair, and
ihe question still being on the appeal,
Mr. WISE having- been absent, desired the
Chair to re-state the ground of his decision.
The CHAIR did so as follows, that, after the gen-
tleman from Maryland had read the paragraph
from Mr. Strong's speech, on Abolition, etc. he was
proceeding to debate the subject.
After some debate of a convenational character,
Mr. JENIFER reduced his appeal to writing, and
it was read by the Clerk as follows:
"Mr. Jenifer, of Maryland, read in his place
a paragraph from a speech delivered by Mr. Strong
of New York, in the same committee, on the same
subject, viz: the Sub-Treasury bill, which para-
graph is as follows, (see above.)
"Mr. Strong answered that it had been deli-
vered by him, and Mr. Jenifer then avowed his
intention of replying to the allegations and matters
contained in that paragraph. The Chair called
Mr. Jenifer to order, and Mr. Jenifer appealed
from that decision."
The question was then taken by tellers, on sus-
taining the decision of the Chair, and resulted—
ayes 80, noes 51.
So the iecision of the Chair was affirmed, and
Mr. Jenifer decided to be out of order.
Mr. HOPKINS then moved that the gentleman
from Maryland be permitted to proceed in order;
which motion prevailed.,
Mr. JENIFER then resumed his remarks, and
proceeded to make some comments on the political
course of Mr. Brown of Mississippi, and more es-
pecially on the vote of that gentleman when a
member of the Mississippi Legislature, in relation
to the issue of post notes. He also referred to a
recent speech of Mr. B. in which the letter denied
having voted for post notes in 1839.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi reminded the
gentleman that his colleague [Mr. Brown] had
made no speech on the present bill, and was un-
derstood to raise a point of order as to the pro-
priety of referring to a speech delivered on another
subject.
Mr. JENIFER proceeded and said he could
show from the record that Mr. B. did vote for the
issue of post notes in Mississippi.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi again rose
and reminded Mr. J. that his colleague [Mr.
Brown] was absent. He would, however, under-
take to say that his colleague, if present, could ex-
plain the matter to the entire satisfaction of the
gentleman and the House He hoped, therefore,
that no question would be raised calculated to af-
fect his colleague's veracjty. Mr. T. added that
if it was in order he himself would explain the
matter to the satisfaction of the House and the
people of the country.
The CHAIR said it would not be in order.
Mr. JENIFER said he was going to show that
the Legislature of Mississippi had issued post notes,
and that the gentleman [Mr. Brown] had voted
for these notes in lieu of United States Bank
notes.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi wished to ask
the gentleman from Maryland if he was going to
debate the subject of post notes.
Mr. JENIFER said he was going to show that
the record falsified what the gentleman's colleague,
[Mr. Brown,] had said in his speech.
Mr. THOMPSON said the record was false,
and he could show ihat the man who made the re-
cord had admitted he had placed Mr. Brown in a
lal«e position.
Mr. JENIFER was understood to say that if
the record Was false, that altered the case. All he
intended to say was, that the record as it stood,
falsified what the gentleman [Mr. Brown] had said
in relation to his vote on the issue ot post notes.
Mr. THOMPSON, in the absence of his col-
league, asked leave to explain the matter. He then
made a staiement in relation to the record, in sub-
stance that the man who made the record, had pub-
lished in the newspapers a statement as to the man-
ner in which the record was made, and how he had
placed General Brown in a false position, etc. The
people of Mississippi understood the matter perfect-
ly well. Besides, he would remind tbe gentleman
from Maryland, that his colleague, Mr. B. had not
denied having voted for post notes in 1836. On tue
contrary, he had admitted it. AH he denied was
voting for them in 1839.
Mr, JENIFER made some further remarks,
pending which
Mr. THOMPSON informed him that he had
despatched a messenger for his colleague, who
would no doubt like to answer fP* himself.
Mr. JENIFER brought his remarks to a close,
protesting that the freedom of debate no longer ex-
isted, and assuring tbe committee that what he
had been prevented from saying in the House, shaii
appear elsewhere.
Mr. ALLEN of Ohio next obtained the floor,
when
Mr. BROWN of Mississippi, having now ar-
rived, with the permission of Mr. Allen, took the
floor for the purpose of making an explanation in
relation to the charge of Mr. Jenifer, on the sub-
ject of tbe Mississippi post notes. He spoke of
the chivalry of the gentleman from Maryland
making an attack on him when he was absent.
He observed that having had no notification that
the gentleman from Maryland intended to make
any allusions to his course in .the Legislature of
Mississippi, he had left the House for the purpose
of fulfilling an engagement; but he had been in-
formed, that during his absence the gentleman
from Maryland had said, that he (Mr. B.) had de-
nied having voted for the issue of post notes in
1836.
Now he appealed to the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, and several other gentlemen, who heard his
remarks, whether he did not expressly state that he
did vote for the issue of post notes in 1836. Such
was the fact, and tbe gentlemen near him would
testify to the truth of the statement. But, although
he had said that he voted for those post notes in
1836, be had also distinctly denied having voted
for them in 1839, although that charge had been
made again and again, by persons in his own State,
having no regard for decency or political honesty.
He would now repeat what he had said on a for-
mer occasion—that, when the post note system
was first introduced in Mississippi, acting under
the advice of certain bank directors, he did reluc-
tantly vote for them; but it was soon discovered
that they would, not answer, and the system ex-
ploded. After its failure, he then voted against
them, as it was then ascertained by all parties that
they were not the things which they expected them
to be.
He must also be allowed to say that he could
not refrain from expressing his surprise at the most
extraordinary course of the gentleman from Mary-
land in raking np the votes of honorable members
of the House, given in their own State Legislatures.
What object the gentleman could have in jnus
searching out thl votes of individual « «■*« 
when inlheirState Legislatures, for the purpose of
