484                                               CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. C. however, amidst the confusion, said that
the book was a base libel on Southern institutions;
and was smuggled into the House.
Mr. ADAMS, at the top of his voice, cried good!
good 1 [Much laughter.]
Order being at length with difficulty restored—
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES, the House went
once more into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, [Mr. Banks in the chair,] and
resumed the consideration of the
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
Mr, ALLEN of Ohio, who had the floor, resumed
his speech in opposition to the bill, and continued
lo address the committee until one o'clock, showing
the advantages of a Bank of the United States as
an antagonist measure to the Independent Trea-
sury.
Mr. SERGEANT next obtained the floor and
spoke till the hour of half past two o'clock, in oppo-
sition to the bill, at which time the House took its
usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. SERGEANT resumed his remarks. He
pointed out the demerits of the Independent Trea-
sury system, and the advantages of a Bank of the
United States. He had not concluded at half past
six o'clock, p. m. at which hour he gave way to
Mr. GRAVES, who moved that the committee
rise; which question was taken by tellers, and re-
sulted—ayes 65, nays 57. So the committee ac-
cordingly rose; and the Speaker having resumed
the chair,
Mr. "WISE said he was about to make one of the
shortest speeches that he had ever made. He ex-
pected to be absent for a few days. He gave notice
to the House and to his constituents, that he would,
if present when the question was taken on the Inde-
pendent Treasury bill, vote against it. He therefore
moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. HAND demanded the yeas and nays on that
motion, which having been ordered, were—yeas 76,
nays 69.
The House accordingly adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, June 25, 1840.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented to the Se-
nate the petition of Mr. Petromueski, a Polish ex-
ile, in relation to the distribution of the lands
granted by the Government; which was referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. BUCHANAN, from the Committee on Fo-
reign Relations, to which was referred the request
of the citizens of New York for the recall of Con-
sul Trist from Havana, asked to be discharged
from the same, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce, who were investigat-
ing the charges against Mr. Trist; which was
agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee on Indian Af-
iairs, reported House bill for the relief of Hiram
Lassell, with an amendment.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, asked
to be discharged from the further consideration
of the memorial of the Territory of Iowa, in re-
lation to the extinction of an Indian title; which
was agreed to.
Mr. WALL, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, asked to be discharged from the further
consideration of the memorial of J. F. Sarchet,
asking that appeals in the collection of the re-
venue from District and Circuit Courts to*the„
Supreme Court of the United States migA be
allowed.
The following bills were read a third time, and
passed:
The bill further supplemental to an act entitled
"an act to abolish imprisonment for debt in cer-
tain cases," passed February 24, 1839.
The bill to enable the United States to discharge
liens and encumbrances upon any real estate
which now is, or hereafter may become, the pro-
perty of the United States.
The. bill for the relief of Augustus Davezac,
William D. Jones, and Nathaniel Niles.
The bill for the relief of the administrator of Wil-
liam Hogan, was taken up as in committee of the
whole, and
Mr. HUBBARD opposed the bill at much
length, reviewing the various items in detail, and
demonstrating that the claim was not only un-
founded, but that there actually wasacharge or some
thousands of dollars against the claimant on the
books of the Treasury at this day.
Mr. STRANGE rose to reply, but gave way
to  the  suggestion  that the time for  taking  up
the special order had arrived.
Mr. ALLEN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which, by unanimous consent, was consi-
dered and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury
report to the Senate the amount of all the mo-
neys appropriated to be expended in the District
of Columbia by acts of Congress since the loca-
tion of the seat of Government within the Dis-
trict. Also, the amount appropriated in lots,
lands, or other public property, exclusively of the
ordinary expenditures oí the Government; and
that he separate such appropriations in tabular
form, as follows: giving the appropriations of
each year in the order of time, the amount of
each appropriation, and the particular object to
which each appropriation was made, whether
made to the District, to either of the cities, or to
any corporation or individual within the District.
SYSTEM OF BANKRUPTCY.
The bill to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States having
been read a third time and several amendments,
suggested by Mr. Wall, not interfering with the
general principles of the bill, having been adopted,
Mr. TAPPAN briefly submitted his reasons
for having opposed the bill, and why he should
record his vote against its passage. He enter-
tained no doubt that the Constitution gave to Con-
gress full power over the whole subject, but he
thought the exercise of that power at this time, of
extremely doubtful expediency. The bill now be-
fore the Senate, though general in its character,
will not be uniform in its operation; that is, its
operation will not be the same on the merchant of
New York as on the farmer of Ohio. He thought
that the sentiments of the great mass of the com-
munity were in opposition to such a law, and in-
stanced the fact that the former enactment of Con-
gress on this subject was permitted to remain but
two years on our statute book. He concluded by
expressing his opinion, that though the Constitu-
tion conferred the power of making laws on the
subject of bankruptcy to the General Government,
it was one of those matters which sound policy
dictated should be left to the legislation of the re-
spective States.
Mr. LUMPKIN said the time had now passed
for a detailed investigation of the merits of this
important measure; he rose for no such purpose;
his object was to submit a few general and brief
remarks in justification of the vote which he in-
tended to give.
Mr. L. said he had been true to the pledge
which he had given to the Senate, at an earlier
stage of the discussion on this subject. He had not
suffered himself to make up a definitive opinion,
until full time and opportunity had been afforded
the leading friends ofthis measure to amend, modify
and mould its provisions, to suit their views of
the interest of those intended to be benefited, in-
cluding both debtor and creditor. But, sir, the
time has now arrived when the final action of the
Senate is called for upon the final passage of the
bill; and, for one, I am ready for that decision.
After the most patient investigation and mature
consideration of the whole subject, aided as I
have been in the formation of my conclusions, by
the ability and intelligence of this enlightened
Senate, I no longer hesitate. I am ready to give
my vote against the passage of the bill. This,
sir, is a measure of importance, on account of the
principles involved, as well as the great indi-
vidual interests now at issue on the question. It
is a measure upon which Congress should not le-
gislate, so long as a strong doubt of the propriety
of the legislation proposed rests on the mind of
the legislator. That pure and sensible statesman,
Nathaniel Macon, advised me twenty-five years
ago never to vote for an important measure, so
long as I entertained doubts of the expediency
and especially of the constitutionality of the mea-
sure proposed. The advice was good, sir, and
deserves the consideration of every statesman. We
all admit the constitutional authority of Congress
to pass uniform laws on the subject of bankruptcies.
But, sir, I doubt the constitutionality of this
law. To my mind its operation will not be uni-
form. It will be partial and unjust in many re-
spects to both debtor and creditor. Should this
bill become the law of the land, I now venture
the opinion that it will become an odious and of-
fensive law to the larger portion of the people of
this country. Its injustice and partial effects will
be more rally developed by its operation than can
be done by anv argument on the floor of the Senate
at this time. Equal laws, and equal political rights,,
are the letter and spirit of our institutions. I dislike
all legislation designed for the enclusive benefit of
the few. Moreover, sir, this bill, to my mind, inter-
feres too much with individual contracts and obli-
gations. I can find no power in the Constitution
which authorizes Congress to impair the obligation
of individual contracts. A proper sen^e of moral
duty compels every man to consider hij vows and
obligations sacred. An honest debtor, if legally
absolved from the embarrassment of all his debts,
would nevertheless feel himself bound, if the smiles
of fortune should afterwards enable him to do so, to
hunt up and discharge all his old contracts
Mr. President, I protest, sir, against being num-
bered amongst tho>e who have no sympathy for
honest debtors, for suffer ins? humanity, wherever it
may exist. I am not onlv in favor of abolition
from imprisonment, and all other shackles for debt,
but my feelings incline meto admire the policy of
ancient times, when at regular periods the whole
people could look forward to the coming year of
jubilee, when there would be a full, free, and entire
release from all indebtedness and harassing obli-
gations and demands.
But, sir, when debts are contracted with a view-
to existing laws and regulations in society, the
case is altered The indebtedness of the people of
this country has been incurred under a Govern-
ment which holds out no hope of a year of gene-
ral release. Hence the great delicacy of the sub-
ject, when we attempt by legislation to inteifere
with debtor and creditor. It is not only a delicate
subject in itself; but under our system the division
of power between the States and Federal Govern-
ment, in relation to the proper legislations which
in necessary to guard the interest of both debtor
and creditor, is such as to require from legisla-
tors great circumspection and care.
Sir, the more I have reflected on this subject,
in connection with my attention to the able and
extended discussion in" this chamber, the more I
incline to the opinion, that the States are best
qualified to provide for the evils which this bill i 
intended to remedv. The States unquestionably,
by their insolvent laws, and other appropriate le-
gislation, have the power to guird the honest but
unfortunate debtor, from the unfeeling tyranny and
oppression of the assuming creditor; and in most
of the States it has already been done.
This bill, if it becomes the law of the land, will
doubtless afford great relief to a comparatively
very few individuals. But 1 do irerily believe the
great maiority of both debtors and creditors will be
injured by the passage ofthis bill.
I believe the great majority of both debtors and
creditors, under the existing laws of the several
States, are in a much better condition tlian they
will be if you pass this bill. The benefits of this
measure will extend to but few. A few unfortu-
nate and imprudent merchants, speculators, and
traders, will derive benefits from this measure,
especially such as do business on a large scale.
But, sir," a large majority of the ^or suffering
debtors of our land will never think of relief
from your bankrupt law; and if they do, it will
only aggravate their suffering, for they will ne-
ver derive any benefit from its provisions. Sir,
I consider this a measure better calculated to be-
nefit lawyers, than either debtors or creditors. Yes,
sir, this bill will push many a rich fee into the
pockets of legal gentlemen. Sir, there is scarcely
any one out of the seventeen sections of the bill,
that will not require a lawyer to explain its pro-
visions. Indeed, sir, scarcely any two jurists in
this Senate have been able to agree upon the
construction of any section of the bill. The dis-
cussion here has awakened me to the endless liti-
gation this measure will create. The estate of
every rich bankrupt throughout the land will af-
ford a feast of fat things to the lawyers. To that
class of the community this measure holds out the
prospect of a rich harvest.
Mr. President, the system and subject of credit
has of late become an enteresting theme with po-
liticians. I have often, sir, heard the present Ad-
ministration of the Federal Government denounced
for destroying the credit system. To me, sir,
this is all idle, perfectly fallacious. My views of
a sound and salutary credit lead me to fear no-
thing, ask for nothing, from the Government, in
the way of credit. What has this Government to
do with the credit of individuals! The ouly true
basis of credit is industry, economy, punctuality, and
honesty.
