CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
The man who earns and receives more than he
spends—who contracts nu unreasonable debts—who
manages aU his affairs with discretion and pru-
dence—is but rarely the subject of Providential suf-
fering and distress-and when such cases do occur,
the moral sense of the community will protect such
a one from the avaricious oppression of an unfeel-
ing creditor. Sir, I have always had more credit
than money! I have never had one moment's dis-
tress for fear my credit would fail. The credit of
individuals and Governments can only be sustained
by the true dignity of living within the means at
command. It is not in the power of individuals, or
Government, to sustain credit by laws of bankrupt-
cy, or by substituting any kind of fiction for reality.
Aonesty, sir, is not only the best policy, but it is a
moral duty. We should advise the people to work
more and spend less; to pay their old debts, and
ba cautious how they contract new ones. The
course suggested will banish distress, and bring
prosperity to our beloved country, without the aid
cf bankrupt laws.
Mr. ANDERSON addressed the Senate as fol-
lows:
Mr. President: The bill upon your table is now
on its final passage; and I rise, sir, with very great
reluctance, to ask the indulgenHrttention of the Se-
nate, while I state, in the .briefest possible manner,
the reasons which-wirKhduce me to record my vote
against it. There are occasions, sir, when a man
may not be excused for his silence-, and so I think
my duty, under the present circumstances, to the
State which I have the honor in part to represent,
demands of me that I should bear, thus publicly, my
testimony against this dangerous and searching
measure.
My distinguished colleague, before the recom-
mitment of the former bill, took the occasion, then,
to express his entire disapprobation of the adoption
of any general bankrupt law at this time, whatever
might be its provisions, and adverted to the fact
that he had no reason to suppose that Tennessee
wished a system of this kind. I concurred most
fully in the views which he entertained, and have
now to state, that I have not myself, up to
this time, received any evidence that the
opinions of the people of Tennessee are in favor
of the passage of a bankrupt law. It may well be
supposed, therefore, that at the moment when such
a mighty power is about to be brought into ex-
istence, in a crisis of such peculiar character as that
which now pervades this country, I should feel the
deepest anxiety for the result, which may, perhaps,
fall most unwelcomely, and unexpectedly, upon my
constituents.
This bill provides that all persons may become
bankrupts at their election, upon petition, verified by
oath, and stating their inability to pay their debts;
and that a certain other class, including the mer-
chants, shall be liable to be made bankrupts, under
particular and specified circumstances. It has been
partially modified with a view to protect the interests
of the creditor, by amendments offered by my dis-
tinguished friend [Mr. Wright] from New York.
Several propositions which he made, intended to ef-
fect this object toa greater extent, I regret to say,
it was the pleasure of the Senate, by very small ma-
jorities, to reject. I voted for most of them, in or-
der to make this bill less exceptionable than I be-
lieved it to be, as originally reported by the select
committee. Still, sir, I look upon it as a measure
teeming with mischiefs of no ordinary character, to
theiüghest welfare of the Republic.
I shall not now advert to the constitutional ques-
tions which this bill involves.   They have already
been fully and ably discussed by others, and I shall,
therefore, call the attention of the Senate to the expe-
diency and probable results of this measure.   I con-
fess, sir, I cannot contemplate its passage, without
the deepest solicitude for the interests and character
of our common country.   Without, as it seems to
me, sufficient evidence of public opinion, we are
pushing it forward with an ardor, and a haste, for
which we can oiler no adequate justification.   We
have before us the progress of more thanfifiyyears
of fruitful experience, and it is now nearly forty
since we dismissed from our statute book, with dis-
gust and indignation, the trial of this system, which
was made in eighteen hundred.   We had then a
population of not much more than four millions of
people, and the difference between that number and
sixteen millions—between thirteen independent so-
vereignties and twenty-six of greater magnitude—
with our agriculture, commerce, and manufactures
multiplied in a far higher proportion—with the pur-
suits of men not only augmented, but in the general
progression of every thing immensely diversified'
beyond any former example, has added much to the
increased importance of the question under consi-
deration, and, as I think, to the doubtful character of
its policy. Sir, in such circumstances, what are
we about to do] We seem upon the very verge oí
exercising a power which is destined to search this
vast and extended population—to try its most vital
interests—to take absolute and summary possession
of the great relations of creditor and debtor—
to supersede, at a single step, long establish-
ed opinions—to overlay the varied customs
and legislation of twenty-six States, differing
widely in their interests. All this is to be done by
one great, paramount, inflexible, and uniform law—
a law which tramples beneath its foot the private
rights of individuals, and the judicial power of the
States, which interposes for relief, or remedy, be-
tween the creditor and the debtor—a law which
carries with it into twenty-six distinct and inde-
pendent jurisdictions more than the power of the
writ of summons, and more than the power of
the writ of possession. Release is founded upon the
oath, and fraud legally presumed at the will of the
applicant. The house and the lands of the citizen
are to be taken without notice or preparation. The
whole system of things is to be changed by the
single move of the creditor or debtor. In a con-
tradictory spirit of concession, you give to the
most wicked of either class the right to destroy
others, and compel, by your policy, the more virtuous
to enter into the competition. Accidents and
oaths, under this law, may accomplish either end,
and it offers the singular spectacle of granting the
immunities of voluntary bankruptcy to all, upon
the condition that the creditors may make a par-
ticular class of debtors liable to their compulsory
process. Thus the catastrophe of bankruptcy is to
be completed, where undisturbed industry prudence,
integrity, and talent, might relieve the incumbent,
without the odium, of the injury forever clinging
to his name, and rankling in his heart.
If the proposition were now made for the first
time, to grant this power, I have no<tirabtit would
be refused by a large majority of the American
people. It has an extent, as it stands in the Con-
stitution, far beyond what could originally have
been designed, and whch partly arises from the
more fully developed, and better understood nature
and construction  of   our peculiar  Government,
Hitherto the danger has been that of obtaining
power by construction, but this is so broad and so
comprehensive, in its literal .sense, that we find
ourselves resorting to the expedient of reducing it by
appealing to the standard of English authority. And,
sir, there is no country in the world where its prac-
tical influence would be so peculiarly felt as in
ours, both by the people and the Government. It
would turn the fears and the hopes of the one to an
entire concentration upon the other, and bring that
other into the possession of a strength which would
give it a consolidated mastery, ultimately, over all
things, over men, and over States. In this may
be found, in part, connected with other intrinsic ob-
jections, the explanation why the exercise of the
power was so long postponed, though pressed from
seventeen hundred and ninety, annually, until
eighteen hundred; and why it was afterwards so
early discontinued, and has been since so steadily
resisted, until at length, yielding under a succession
of panics and disasters, the natural product of the
vast bank power of the land, we seem about to re-
enact this great statute sponge, to be applied, retro-
actively, upon all the pecuniary responsibilities in
the country. Sir, this long postponement, the early
repeal of the law, the resistance against its intro-
duction since, present to us, the instructive
portion of the history of this subject, and we ought
to regard it, until we shall be otherwise informed,
as expressive of the deep sense of the American
people in favor of the policy of leaving the power
entirely dormant in the General Government, and
tobe supplied by the legislation of the States,
The first blow which will be struck, I fear, wil
fall heavily upon the moral feeling of society. E
will superinduce on the one side temptations to seek
immediate relief by a single act of surrender, where
perseverance and skill would, in the course of a few
years, recover the unfortunate debtor from his em-
barrassm.ents. It is certainly true, that the very of-
fer of legal relief, in the first moment of a public
panic, is an invitation to oease to make efforts, and
will practically he an extinguishment of all debts,
without a struggle to pay. On the other hand, it
bestows a power upon the creditor which it is illu-
sory to suppose will not be often abused, anjd as often
productive of the most mischievous results. Tk
whole basis of the measure invites fraud on the one
side, and suspicion on the other. You bring into
active application two utterly antagonistical princi-
ples—the newly awakened hope of the debtor to es-
cape from responsibility, and the vigilance of the
creditor to overtake the debtor for a delinquency,
which he may not disregard, for fear of leaving to
him the ultimate advantage of the law upon his own
terms. The main pillar of credit, that confidence
which is mutually inspired by integrity and by jus-
tice, will be struck down at a single blow. You de-
stroy, at once, all mutuality of feeling, of forbear-
ance, and of interest. No compositions will ever
be proposed, and which might be effected at less ex-
pense and less risk between the parties. It will be a
race of escape and pursuit, and in the present condi-
tion of the country, we will confound the honest
and persevering debtor, who would finally pay,
with the man of desperate fortunes. We will
make an indiscriminate sweep of the unfortunate
who yet bear themselves against the tide, with the
bold and reckless speculators, who are already
ruined; and with this solitary act we will render
memorable, in all time to come, the present epoch
of our calamity, by a great legal catastrophe,
fashioned with singular zeal, anxiety, and labor,
from our own hands. If it were possible to limit
the effect of the bill before us, I am not prepared
to say that it would be without a useful and happy
influence upon the condition of society. But, sir,
one of the very features which recommend it most
strongly to the support of its warmest advocates,
is, that it goes to the extent of every interest, and
every class in the community, not by merely dis-
charging the contracts of those who are hopeless
and remediless, but that the offer of emancipation
from debt is universal. The practical effect of
this, we know, will spread itself through all the
relations of life, but the final end no man can
tell, When you shall have broken up the moral
bond of upion which strengthens and protects the
transactions of men, as much as law itself legalizes
them, it is impossible to estimate the consequences.
I speak.not of solitary exceptions—the plundered,
willing or unwilling, must struggle with the plun-
derers—the virtuous with the vicious—and the blow
which fells to the earth your next neighbor, will
carry with it another, and another, without being
able to say who shall escape, and who shall be
counted last.
This measure, let it be remembered, has been
urged by an eloquent appeal to our sympathies; that
he, whose head was bowed down, should be lifted
up; that the tears of his wife, and his innocent chil-
dren, would be dried; that the wretched and forlorn
should again take their place in sociejy. Sir, no
man, I trust, feels more deeply for his fellow man
than I do, or would go farther to relieve him under
the pressure of distress. But, sir, does justice, does
humanity require that we should save some by de-
stroying others] That to dry tears, which already
flow, we should strike new fountains from which
they would be shed more abundantly] That we
should multiply the unfortunate in order to relieve
them] That we should disregard the claims, the
interests, and condition of the largest business class
of men in the nation; and that, of aU others, they
should be made to feel that we legislate not for them,
hut for those who are already desperate] Is this
fair] Is it just] ¡Is it wise] Is it humane] Will you
lay your hand most heavily upon the commercial
community, under amere suspicion that they may
deal harshly with others, while your generosity is
poured redundantly upon the head of the spe-
culator] Is this, sir, the boasted love of that great
interest] Is this the tender mercy which the mer-
cantile class is to receive at the hands of their pe-
culiar friends7 Sir, it is the embrace of death—
death to credit—death to confidence; that confi-
dence which procures rank and station to the trader;
which sustains him in many a sore and trying
struggle; that confidence which, when every honest
effort is expended, would, upon a surrender of Iris
effects, discharge him from his liabilities; that con-
fidence, above all, which reposes upon our justice
and our wisdom!
Mr. President, this measure has, to my mind,
the most peculiar aspect. It canes before as un-
der the potent auspices of the most stognlar com-
promise ever presented in legislative k£tory-, *
repeat, it is no more or less than that the vohm-
tary bankrupt is to be allowed to ese^pe_from hi.
