488
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. DAVIS could see no propriety in prtntins a
large number of this document. The extra num-
ber usually printed had be>n fifteen hundred. Two
or thiee years ago, it had been mereased to two
two ihousanlj and last year, by some means or
other, he could not tell how, five tho.ii.and had
been ordered. He thought two thousand copies
were amply sufficient, and any amount over that
number would be superfluous, and ol Utile service
to any body.
Mi. BUCHANAN would just observe, that in
the State of Pennsylvania there were sixty coun-
ties, and he thought that at least one copy should
go to each county in all the States. Besides, there
was not a leading merchant in Philadelphia not
anxious to get a copy, and the same might be said
in relation to the manufacturers of Pittsburg. He
was generally averse to printing a large number of
extra copies of the documents laid before them, but
this document was an exception. They had here-
tofore printed extra numbers of documents which
were comparatively unimportant. This document,
as he said before, contained more valuable com-
mercial and manufacturing information than any
other, and yet they were to be restricted to 2,000
copies.
Mr. WALKER expressed the hope ihat 5,000
copies would be printed. It was an exceedingly
important document, and ought to be dissemi-
nated. He wished to send one copy to each editor
in his State.
The question was then taken on printing 5,000
copies, and decided in the affirmative, without a
division.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, the joint jeso-
lution for the relief of the sufferers by the late
tornado at Natchez was again taken into conside-
ration, the question being on the amendment
offered by Mr. H. to remit the interest on the pub-
lic money to be entrusted for three years longer
with the two banks at Natchez.
After a iew remarks by Mr. WILLIAMS, not
distinctly heard by the Reporter,
Mr. WRIGHT objected to the amendment, that,
in carrying it into effect, the banks might aid some
of the sufferers, and not others, so as to occasion
inequality and discontent. He stated that, in the
case of the New York fire, which was analngous
to this, the duties were remitted in cases where the
goods were totally lost. But in cases of a mere
extension of the time for the payment of duty
bonds, with a view to relief, be found that six per
cent, interest was required on the bonds; and he
argued that to remit the interest in this Natchez
cat>e would be nothing short of a direct donation.
Mr. HENDERSON replied that the resolution
itself provided for a pro rata relief to the sufferers.
jXfr. H. also argued that this case ought to be com-
tiai-ed "> *e former branch of Mr. Wright's pa-
rallel Üia1 isi 'he remission of duties, rather than
to the' 1-ítter branch, that is, the extension of duty
bonds, to tf.bich Mr. Wright had confined it. And
if the remission of interest would in this case be a
donation, the renjissioB of duties in the New York
case could be no less a donation.
After some remarks by Mr. WALKER, in
which he advocated the adoption of the amend-
ment,                                                     ,
Mr. CALHOUN concurred entirely in the views
0f the Seaator from New York, [Mr. Wright.]
The renWfSion of interest would be in fact a gratui-
ty of the amount through the agency of the banks
and not direct from £«*- Government, which would
be more gracious. He tho^1  the f.xten,fl®n of
time to the banks was going as "far as !hev "ad any
power to go, and he was not willing to go £nv
farther.
Mr. WRIGHT said he did not know on what
ground Congress had acted in remitting the duties
to the New York sufferers; but he presumed it to
be this.    It  was true that bonds had  been given,
and in form the   money was due to the Treasury.
But still,  if those goods bad been re-exported, as
they might have beeo, the drawback upon them
would have prevented any thing from going into
the Treasury.   And on what ground was the draw-
back allowed?   It was,  that other goods wonld
come in to   supply their place, so that nothing
would be realJy Jost to the Treasury.   So, in the
case of the loss by fiie, it made from for other
goods to come in, so that the Treasury would be
made good.
The p.raen'mcnt of Mr. Hendfrson was lor- 
and the resolution, giving an extensun of the tune
of payment for three years to the banks, was or-
dered to be engrossed.
After the consideration of Executive business,
The Senate adjourned until Monday next.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Fridav, June 26, 1840.
Mr. CLIFFORD moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose of introducing the following resolution,
viz:
Whereas Senate bill 127, entit'ed an act to pro-
vide for ihe collection, safekeeping, transfer, and
disbursement of ihf public revenue, was taken up
in the Committee of the Whole on the tUte of the
Union on the 20th of May last, arid has been under
discussion to th s time; and whereas the period has
arrived when it ii proper to close the present ses-
sion of Congress with as Lttle delay a* possible;
and whereas much of ihe indispensable public busi-
ness is yet to be acted on; therefore
Rtsolvei, That the said committee be discharged
from the consideration of said bill, from and after
Monday next, unless the same shall be reported to
the House at an earlier day; and that said bill,
with such amendments, if any, as shall have been
adopted in said-committee, shall be taken up in
the House on Tuesday next, at 11 o'clock, a. m.
and be the special order until finally disposed of,
reserving to said remmittee the right, according to
the rules of the House, to report the same sooner
if the di<cus-inn shall terminate.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS moved a call of the
House; which having been ordered, was proceeded
in till 160 members answered to iheir names; when,
On motion of Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi,
all further proceedings in the call were dispensed
with.
The question recurring on the motion to sus-
pend,
Mr. BRIGGS said if the gentleman would strike
out the preamble, he would vote for it.
Mr. CLIFFORD, at the solicitation, modified
the resolution so as to read as follows:
Resolved, That the rules of the House be so far
suspended that the Committee of the Whole House
on the state of the Union be discharged from the
consideration of Senate bill No. 127, entitled A bill
to provide f r the colli clion, safekeeping, transfer,
and disbursement of the public revenue from and
after Monday next, unless the same shall be report-
ed at an earlier day; and that said bill, with such
amendments, if any, as shall have been adopted, be
taken up in the Hou«e on Tue da/ next, at 11
o'clock a. m., and be the special order until finally
disponed of, reserving to the said committee the
right, according to the rules of the H use, to report
the same sooner if the discussion shall terminate.
Mr. C. called for the yeas and nays on the mo-
tion to suspend the rules; which were ordered, and
were—yeas 127, nays 53.
YEAS—Messrs. Alford, Judson, Allen, John W. Allen, Hugh
J. Anderson, Athcrton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Biddle, Black,
Blackwell, Boyd, Briggs, Aaron V. Brown, Albert G. Brown,
Burke, Wm. O Butler, Calhoun, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chap-
man, Chinn, Cliflord, Coles, Colquitt, Connor, Mark A. Cooper,
William R. Cooper, Cjaig. Crary, Cross, Dana, Davee, John
Dans, John W Davis, Diekeraon, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole,
Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance,
Galbraith, James Garland, Goggin, Griffin, Hall, Hammond,
Hand, William S Hastings, John Hastings, Hawkins, Henry,
Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Holleman, Holmes, Hubbard,
Jackson, Jameson, Charles Johnston, Joseph Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kille, Leet,
Leonard, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch, McKay, Mal-
lory, Marchand, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, S. W Morris,
Newhard, Nisbot, Osborne, Pairish, Parns, Petrikin, Pickens,
Pren"i49i Ramsey, Randolph, Reynolds, Rhett, Ridgway,
S ' FrivT3rd Rogers, Rya.II, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Si-
monSn Albert Hmiln> John Smun' Tn°mas Smith, Stark-
weather, 8 Sod, &«* Sumter, Sweanngen, Taylor, Jacob
Thompson, Turney, Underwood, Vanderpoel, Vroom,David.D
Wagoner Wellei,,W.ck, Jareo1 W Wilhan.s,Henry Wil-
hanTs, J ,'seph L.  WHUams, and Worthington- 27.
NAYS-Messrs Adams, Andrews, Baker, Bell, Bond, Wil-
liam B Campbell Carter, Crabb, Cranston, Gushing, Dav.es,
Garret Davies, Deberry Dennis, Delle^ Edwards Evans,
Everett, Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry, Goode, Habersham,
Hawei Hunt, James, Kempshall, Lincoln, Marvin Mason,
Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Baylor, Palen *? ;*«>?  .
Rayner, Reed, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Stanly, Stuart,
Taliaferro, Tillinshast, Toland, Triplett, Warren, Edward D.
White, Thomas W Williams, Lewis Williams, and Christo-
pher H. Wüluuae—63.
So the rules having bren suspended,
Mr. C. moved the previous question; which re-
ceived a second; and ihe rna.n ques iod having been
ordered, and 'he question now beirg, ' Snail the re-
solution pass1?"
Mr. PROFF1T demanded the yeas and nays;
which having been ordered, were—veas 123, nays
58.
YEAS—Messrs Alford. .TuJson Allen, John W Allen, Hush
1 Anderson, Ather'on, Banks, Eeatty, Beirne, Bnidle, B,arli,
Blackwell. Biyd, Briggs, Aaron V. Brown, Albeit G Brown,
Burke, SumpsonH Builer, William O Butler, f alhoun, Can,
Cairoll. Casey, Chapman, Chinn, Clifford, Csles, Colquitt, Gioss,
Dana, Davee, J Dans, J W Davis, Doan, Doig,Earl, Eastman,
Connor,Mark A Cooler, Wm R Cooper, Craig, Crary, Cross,
Ely, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Tioyd, romance Galbraith, Guffin
Hall, Hammond, Han 1, Jno Hastings Havvkins, Henry, Hill
of North Cirolina, Hillen Holleman Holmes, Hubbard, Jack-
son, Jimeson, Chirles Johnston, loeeph Johnson, Wi'nam
Cost Johnson, Cave .lot i¡ nn rwhariel lonee, JohnW Jones
Keim, Kille, Lee!, Leonard, low ell, Lucas, McClellan. Mc
Cullocli, McKay, Mallory, Marchand,Miller Montanva, Mont
gomen, Samuel W Monis, N> whard, >i«bet, Pairish, Parris,
Petrikin. Pickens, Fiemis-, Ramsey, Randolph, Reynolds
Rl ett, Ri Igway Rives, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Simonlon
Albeit Smith, John Smiih, Thomas Smith, Siaikvvea her,
Steenrod, Slronsr, Sumpter, Swean >gen, Sweney, Ta)lor, Jacob
Thompson,Turney, Underwood, \anderpoe!, Vinoin, David D
Wa'ener, Watt< rson, Welter, Wick, .lared W Williams,
Henry Williams, Joseph L Williams   and Woithmgton—153
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Andrews, Baker, Bell, Bond, Brock
way, W. B Campbell, Carter, Chittenden, Crabb, Cranston,
Curtis, Cushing, EdwardDavie3,GarretDavi=, Deberry, Denni",
Dellet, Dromgoole, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Rice Garland,
Gates, Gentry, Goode, Habersham, W. IS Hastings, Ifawes,
Hill of Virginia, Hunt, James, Kempshall, Lincoln, Marvin,
Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan, Naylor, Palen, Promt, Rarulen,
Rayner, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Stanlv, Stuart, Talla
ferro, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Warren, E
W White, Thns W Williams, Lewis Williams, and Chris.
topherH Williams—38.
So the resolution was adop'eJ.
Mr. LEET of Pennsylvania, by general con-
sent, moved the following resolution, which was
adopted.
Resolved, That the claim of John McFarlane of
Pennsylvania, against the Winnebago tribe of In-
dians, for depredation*; committed upon his pro-
perty in ihe year 1812, be referred with the ac-
companying documents and proofb to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, with instructions to said
committee, if upon examination they should find
said claim to be equitable and just, to report by
bill or otherwise, directing its immediate payment.
BANKRUPT BILL.
Mr. SERGEANT asked the general consent of
the House to take up the bill called the Bankrupt
bill, for the purpose of having it referred and
printed.
Cries of no! no! from all parts of the hall.
Mr. DROMGOOLE inquired of the Chair,
whether the bill was on the Saeaker's table.
The CHAIR replied ihat it was.
Mr. DROMGOLE said he was willing that the
business on the Speaker's table should be taken
up and disposed of, and after the bill was reached
in its regular order, he would be willing to have it
referred; until then he objected.
Mr. SARGEANT moved to suspend the rules.
Mr. DROOMGOOLE called for the yeas and
nays on themolion, which were ordered.
Mr. D. called for a division of the question, so
as to take the vete simply on the motion to suspend
the rules.
The question was taken, and resulted—yeas 88,
nays 88.
t,YEAS—Mesáis. Adams, J. W. Allen, Hugh J. Anderson,
Andrews, Baker, Bell, Biddle, Bond, Briggs, Brockway, Albert
G.Biown, William O Butler, Calhoun, Carter, Chapman, Chinn,
Ch.ttenden, Clifford, Crabb, Cranston, Crary, Curtis, Cushing,
Dana, Djvee, Edward Davies, John W. Davis, Garret Davis,
Deberry, Dennis, Dellet, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fletcher,
Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry, Goode, Graves, Hall, William 8.
Hastings, Henry, .Hoffman, Hunt, Jackson. James, Charles
Johnston, William Cost Johnson, Kempshall, Leet, Leonard,
Lincoln, Mallory, Marvin, Mitchell, Monroe, Montgomery, Mor-
gan, Naylor, Nisoet, Osborne, Paien, Randolph, Rariden, Rldg
way, Edward Rogers, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simonton,
Albert Smith, Truman Smith, Stanly, Starkweather, Stuart,
Jacob Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, underwood, Vander-
poel, David D. Wagener, Warren, Edward D. White, Wick,
Thomas W. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, and Christopher
H. Williams—88-
NAYS—Messrs. Judson Alien, Atherton, Banks, Beatty,
Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Burke, Sampson II. Butler,
W B. Campbell, Cair, Can oil, Casey, Connor, Mark A.
Cooper, William R Cooper, Craig, Cross, John Davis, Doan,
Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Eastman, Ely, Fisher, Floyd, For-
na.ioe, Galbraith, Goggin, Griffin, Hamiiiouti. Hand, John Hast-
ings, Hawes, Hill of Noun Carolina, Ilillen, Holleman, Holmes,
Jameson, Josef h Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W. Jones, Keim, KiUe, Lowell, Lucas, McCarly, McClel
Ian, McCulloch, McKay, Ma-chand, Miller, Montanya, Samuel
W. Morns, Newhard ParrJph, Parris, Petiikm, Pickens, Prei -
t'SS, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhfljt, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard,
John Smith, Thomas Smith, ¿steeorod, Strong, Sumter, S* far-
