CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
489
inserí, Swenev, Taliaferro, Taylor, Triplet!. Turney, Vroom,
Watteraon, Weller, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams,
I^wis Williams, and Worthing1 on—88.
There not being two-ih.rd , the rules were not
suspended.
Mi. DOWNING gave netice that he would on
to-morrow ask l^ave to introduce a bill more ef-
fectually to protect the people of Florida in their
lives and property, and to bring the Seminole war
to a close.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
On motion of Mr. VANDERPOEL, the rules
were suspended, and the House resolved itself into
a Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union, (Mr. Banks in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. McCARTY spoke one hour in opposition to
the bill, and in an examination of the policy of the
pist and present Administrations with the cur-
rency.
Mr. BIDDLE followed, and entered into an ela-
borate defence of the banking system, which, he
contended, was infinitely superior to iha system con-
templated by the present bill. In the course of his
remarks, he endeavored to show that the suspension 
of the old United States Bank arose solely frem its
zeal in placing its resources at the disposal of Go-
vernment, by taking up its loans, etc. He had not
concluded at half-past 2 o'clock, the hour of re-
ces*.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess,
Mr. BIDDLE resumed and concluded his re-
marks in opposition to the Independent Treasury
bill.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia then obtained the floor.
After adverting to the manner in which the last
gentleman who addressed the committee had given
his "parting blessing," Mr. C. then proceeded to
eiplain that ht would have taken an earlier oppor-
tunity of giving his views in favor of the bill, had
it not been for peculiar circumstances io relation to
his connection with certain gentlemen of the com-
mittee. Mr. C- then alluded to the position in
which he and his colleagues from Georgia stood in
. relation to this question, and intimated that he had
postponed bis remarks, for the purpose of hearng
the speeches of bis colleagues, in order that he
might have the benefit of their suggestions, on
which he could reflect before he came to act on tbe
subject. He did this, because he htld himself
bound by nothing but the honest convictions of his
own mind; and in the vote he should give, he
would be guided by that conviction alone.
Tbe end he proposed to carry out was, first, to
confine the action of Government to its proper
limits; and second, to limit the revenue to the wants
of the Government. That was the sum and sub-
stance of his political faith; and if he could show
thai this bill was calculated to produce that effect,
he would be justified in hts own mind in supporting
it.   Mr. C. here yielded the floor to
Mr. ALFORD of Georgia, who, as his colleague
had expressed a wi*h first to hear the views of other
members from that State, requested the floor on
that ground.   Mr. A. then proceeded to recapitu-
late the circumstances a'.tendmg the election of the
delegation from Georgia, and expressed his sorrow
that any of his colleagues should think it their duty
to support this bill,   Mr. A. then gave his reasons
 hy he could not vote for it, and in a very amusing
manner told the committee how the late President
Jackson had "whipped" the United States Bank.
H« said he had no fault to find with tbe old Gene-
rat for killing the Bank; but he did blame him ior
bis inhumanity in not leaving it alone after it was
dead.
Mr. COOPER then resumed his remarks in favor
of the bill, and in reply to the arguments urged
against it; but more particularly to those of Mesrrs.
Sekgeant and Biddle. He read a number of au-
thentic documents to show that the deposites bad
formed the basis of the circulation of the banks in-
stead of iheir own cap til; and that as the shadow
moved on the d.al plate, so the amount of deposites
invariably indicated the amount of circulation. He
then showed that the great evils which mu«t result
from placing the r*venue of the country in the pow-
er of banking corporations to serve as a basis of
tbeir circulation; also the inevitable ruin which
must ensue, when that basis should be withdrawn,
leaving the paper in circulation without any power
on the part of i-uch banks to redeem it. In reply
to the assertion that the depositee were of no use to
the old United States Bank, Mr C. asked how it
was that the Bank broke when the deposites were
withdrawn.
In the recent speech of Mr. Sergeant, that gen-
tleman had made an elaborate calculation, showing
the expense of the Independent Treasury system.
He had also spoken wiih earnestness on the  loss
that would accrue by keeping five millions of spe.
cie constantly in the hands of the receivers general,
showing how much pork, and how many barrels of
flour might be bought with the interest on that sum.
As a set-off to this, Mr. C. introducid a table show-
ing the great amount which might have been rea-
lized by Government on the millions deposited with
the United States Bank, estimating the interest at
6 per cent only.   He then showed  that the Bank
used this money, as its circulation was always
guided by th« amount of deposites.   And in addi-
tion to the profit on its bills, the Bank realized an
immerse sum by exchanges, etc.   Mr. O. then
contended that the cost of the Independent Treasu-
ry system was nothing in comparison to the former
system, and that the gentleman from Pennsylania
had been peculiarly unfortunate in raising such an
objection.   After adverting   to many other objec-
tions to the bill, which he confuted by authentic do-
cuments, Mr. C. concluded at a quarter past ten.
Mr. W. B. CAMPBELL of Tennessee then took
the floor, but gave way to a motion that the com-
mittee rise.   This motion prevailing, the commit-
rose, and
The House adjourned.
!       House of representatives,
Saturday, June 27, 1840.
j      The SPEAKER presented to the Hou^e a com-
,  mnnication from the Hon. William L. Storrs, re-
I signing his seat as Representative from the State of
!  Connecticut.
¡                 CASE OF LIEUT. HOOE.
i     Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama moved to take op
I the communication from the Navy  Department,
| containing the proceedings  of a court martial at
Psnsacola, summoned for the trial of Lieut. Hooe,
together with the approval thereof by the Secretary
of the Navy, Lieut. Hooe's protest and memorial
to the President, and certain remarks of the Secre-
tary in defence of his course in approving the sen-
tence, together with a legal opinion of the United
States District Attorney, Francis S. Key.
Objection being made,
Mr. CHAPMAN of Alabama moved to sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of taking the subject
up.
• Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS moved a call of the
House; which having been ordered, was proceeded
in till 156 members answered to their names; when
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, all further pro-
ceedings in the call were dispensed with.
Mr. TALIAFERRO said tbat the gentleman
who had instigated the call of these documents [Mr.
Botts] was necessarily absent with bis family, and
whose wish it was that tbe question should not be
taken on the referer.ee and printing, unless he was
present.
Mr. CRAIG replied, that when the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Botts] moved to suspend the
rules for the introduction ot the pteamble and ra o-
lutions, making the call on the Department for
these documents, he with much emphasis said "he
would bring these Democrats up to the bu!lring,"and
it would not do to back out from the question. Ths
documents are here, and should go forth to the
people to enab'e them to have the whole truth.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi stated that the
gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Botts] knew, before
he left,that the previous question was moved on the
motion to refer the documents to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and to have them printed. He had
no idea that the question should be delaytd becaus*
a gentleman thought proper to absent himself. He
had been told lhat the motion for the previous ques-
tion would not be withdrawn.
Mr. MONROE moved to lay the whole subject
on the table 
The CHAIR suggested that it would take no
more time lime to dispose of the question to supend
the rules, than it would the motion to lay on the
table.
Mr. M then Withdrew his motion.
Mr. ANüREWd inquired of the Chair whether
the motion was to suspend the rules for the morn-
ing hour, or without limitation?
The CHAIR replied that the motion was a gene-
ral motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. ANDREWS. Then, if it is to suspend the
rules generally, I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi said that «he
previous question had been moved on the proposi-
tion for reference; and if the rules were suspended,
the subject could be disposed of before the expira-
tion of the morning hour, as there could be no de-
bate. The gentleman need not entertain any fears
that it will extend beyond the horning hour, if his
friends will meet the question at once.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to suspend the rules, taken, and were—yeas 105,
nays 58
YEAS—Messers. Adams, Alfoid, J. Allen, Hugh J. Ander-
son, Alhenon, Banks, Baker, Beatty, Beirne, Bell, Black,
Blackwell, Boyd, Buike, Sampson H. Butler, William O.
Butler, Carr, Carroll, Carter, Casey. Chapman, Clifford, Coles,
Colquitt, William R. Cooper, Crabb, Cra'g, Crary, Cross,
Dana, John Davis, J. W. Davis, Pellet, Doan, Doig, Drom
goole, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fisher, Fletcher, Floyd, For
nance, Goggin, Graham, Graves, Griffin, Habersham, Ham-
mond, John Hastings, Hawkins, Hillen, Holleman, Hook, Hub-
bard, Jackson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones,
Keim, Kemble, Kille, Leet, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch,
McKay, Mallory, Marchand. Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris,
Nisbet, Petrikin, Prentiss, Ramsey, Rayner, Reynolds, Rives,
Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, She-
pard, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Staniy,Stark-
weaihcr, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Sweanngen, Sweney,
Jacob Thompson, Triplett, Turney, Vanderpoel, Watterson,
Weller, Jared W. Williams, Henry Wtlliama, Lewis Wil-
liams, and JusephL. Williams—105.
NAYS—Messrs. John W. Allen, Andrews, Briggs, Calhour,
William B Campbell, Chittenden, CHrk, Cranslon, Crockett,
Cushing, Davee, Garret Davis, Deberry, Dennis, Edwards,
Evans, Everett, James Garland, Rice Garland, Gentry, Gerry,
Goode, Green, Hall, William S. Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hill
of Virginia, Hoffman, Hunt, James, Charles Johnston, Kemp-
shall, Lincoln, Lowell, Marvin, Monroe, Montauya, Morgan,
Naylor, Newhard, Osborne, Pairish, Randolph, Ridgway, Rus-
sell, Sergeant, Simonion, Slade, Truman Smith, Stuart, Talia-
ferro, Tillinghast, Toland, Underwood, Peter J. Wagner,
Thomas W. Williams, and Christopher H. Williams—58.
So ihe rules were not suspended.
INDEPENDENT TREASURY BILL.
On motion of Mr. BRIGGS, the House resolved
itself into Committee of the Whole House on the
siate of the Union, (Mr. Banks in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the Independent Trea-
sury bill.
Mr. CAMPBELL of Tennessee, who was en-
titled to the floor, spoke in opposition to the bill,
and in favor of a Bank of the United States, as its
antagonist measure. He then made some remarks
in relation to the taunts which had been thrown out
by the friends of the Administration, that the Op-
position had no measure of relief antagonistical to
the Independent Treasury bill. The Opposition
have always had a measure of relief. They are in
favor of recurring to the olden times, that gave a
cunency of more uniform value than specie—the
times when the people asked no changes in the man-
ner of collecting, keeping safe, and disbursing the
public revenues. Those are the times, he dare
.-ay, the Opposition would like to see adopted.
He argued in favor of a Bank of the United States
as the only proper and the constitutional and expe-
dient measure for the cure of the evils of ihe times,
and in the course of which argument he denounced
those who opposed a National Bank as the Lcco
Foco agrarian party. He also adverted to the ex-
penses of the Administration, and censured the vole
which increased the standing army in 1838 to fight
and suppress the Indians, as one of the causes of the
increase in the expenditures. It was done, he said,
to increase the power and patronage of the Govern-
ment. He also adverted to the late plan of the Se-
cretary of War for the reorganization, under the
authority of the State Governments, of the militia,
and denounced it as more odious than the alien and
sedition law of the elder Adams.
Mr. HAND, of New York, then took the floor
in support of the bill. After adverting to ,h*m"
structions of the Legislature of his State, wn c  he
denounced as a piece of arrogance, he proceeded to
meet the numerous objections urged against me
bill.
