490                      _____
......'■■      ■"      -«--  •
In the course of his remarks he exposed the fal-
lacy of referring to England as an argument in fa-
vor of a paper system. He showed that it was not
the amount of bank paper that constituted the
wealth of a nation, but its productive industry'.
Gentlemen might argue as they pleased, but they
could not disprove the fact, that labor alone created
wealth.
Referring to the condition of the laboring classes
in England nnder the operation of the boasted pa-
per system, Mr. H. mentioned an instance when a
witness, appearing before a committee of the House
of Commons, was so weak from his water gruel
diet, that he was obliged to sit while his evidence
was taken, not having strength to stand.
The hour of 24 o'clock having arrived, the
House took its usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess,
Mr. HAND resumed his remarks in support
of the Independent Treasury bill. In the course
of his speech, he repelled, with much warmth,
the attack made by Mr. Biddle upon the Presi-
dent of the United States. He was surprised that
a gentleman of so much talent, should, in his va-
ledictory, have seen fit to aim a parting arrow at
the person of the Chief Magistrate—an arrow
pointed with malice; impotent, however, as all such
attacks would be. Mr. H. after an able vindica-
tion of the present bill, expressed himself as be-
ing no enemy to the banks, provided they kept
within their own proper sphere. He contended
that the Government ought to have no connection
with such institutions, or it had no right to interfere
with the currency. All that the friends of the Go-
vernment wanted, was, that it should take care of
its own money without intermeddling with the insti-
tutions of the States.
Mr. REED next obtained the floor, and spoke at
some length in opposition to the bill.
Mr. JOHN DAVIS of Pa. followed in support of
the bill. He prefacedhis remarks by stating that
he was a plain farmer, born to no other inheri-
tance than the plough. Some were of opinion
that a blacksmith might, with as much propriety,
attempt to mend a watch, as a farmer to legislate. Be
that as it might, he thought he understood the matter
then under consideration sufficiently well to show
and prove from facts, that an Independent Trea-
sury system would be infinitely preferable to the
ruinous banking system which had hitherto op-
pressed the country. Mr. D. was surprised at the
complaint made by his colleague [Mr. Sergeant]
a few days ago, of the interest that would be lost
on the five millions of specie, which, under this
bill, would be in the hands of the receivers. In
reply to that objection, Mr. D. exhibited a calcu-
lation showing the immense sums which would
have accrued to Government, in the shape of in-
terest, on the millions deposited for so many years
with the United States Bank. The loss under
the present measure on that head, would be com-
paratively nothing compared with the deposite sys-
tem.
Mr. D. then referred to a table he had compiled
from authentic sources, showing that the Inde-
pendent Treasury system would not withdraw
from circulation any more specie than was con-
stantly, for so many years, in possession of the
United States Bank. He then proceeded to show
that it was the loss of those deposites that created
the strong opposition to the present measure. The
Bank did not like to give up the money after en-
joying its use for so many years.
The gentleman had also said that the worst times
the country had ever seen were under this Sub-
Treasury system. Mr. D. would remind him of
the great distress that prevailed at various periods
during the existence of the United States Bank,
and ask him whether the sudden and ruinous re-
vulsions under' that institution, were at all to be
compared with any distress of late years. The
people of Pennsylvania understood these "panic
speeches" too well to pay any attention to them.
The alarm had been raised too often to produce any
effect now.
Mr. D. was surprised to hear the friends of
the banks admit that those institutions could not
stand without being propped up by the Govern-
ment. He was much disappointed in hearing
gentlemen make out so bad a case; as the fact
that the banks could not stand without the aid of
Government, was of itself a sufficient argument
why the public money should not be entrustedfto
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
them.     He was no enemy to the banks.     He
wished to make no war upon them.    All he de-
sired was a peaceable dissolution of the unprofita-
ble partnership.
I       Mr. D. then exhibited a table, showing that the
|   imports, the prices of produce,   of property, etc.
were all governed by the amount of circulating
,    medium in the country.   Also, that so long as any
bank had the control of that circulation, by using
the public revenue, the mast  disastrous  results
would inevitably ensue.    "What had been, would
be again, if the public money should be placed
in the hands of a great moneyed institution, using
it for its own private advantage.
He then alluded to the ingratitude of the Oppo-
sition in assailing the President on the subject of
Treasury notes.     He referred to the time when
assistance was generously extended to the  Whig
merchants of New York, by extending the  time
for the payment of duty bonds.     That measure
necessarily cut off from the  Treasury a  great
source of revenue, and in  order  to supply  the
deficiency created  by this   indulgence,   it   was
found necessary to ask for Treasury notes.    Yet
although these notes were required solely on ac-
count of the extension of the  time  for  the pay-
ment of bonds, the merchants, for whose express
benefit it was designed, turned round  and  raised
the cry of "Treasury shinplasters."   Mr. D. said
he would disown a class of farmers in  Pennsyl-
j \ vania, who would act so ungratefully.
. i      As one strong reason why the bill should pass
I   now, Mr. D. alluded to the probability that at the
,  next session there would be  a revision of the ta-
|  ñff system, when ií the banks were not separated,
j  they would bring their great influence to bear upon
I  the House, in favor of a high tariff, so as to cre-
f ate a surplus revenue.   It was important then to
pass the bill now, and thus give the banks no chance
of being interested in the question of the tariff at
the next session.
Mr. D. adverted to a variety of other reasons
to show why the bill ought to Jpass without delay.
His remarks will appear in full hereafter.
Mr. HUBBARD then took the floor in support
of the bill, and in a very striking manner illustra-
ted its advantages over the banking system. The
world had been governed by priestcraft, and then
by kingcraft, but this was the age of bankcraft,
the age of corrupt men, who make money withoat
capital, etc. Mr. H. then gave a vivid picture of
the system of modern banking, and its ruinous ef-
fects upon the country. He afterwards showed the
great superiority of the present measure, which
would operate as a check upon excessive imports,
and prevent a recurrence of the disastrous scenes
of former years.
The debate was further continued by Messrs.
MORGAN, HILL of Virginia, CRABB, and
CHITTENDEN, in opposition to the bill, until past
12 o'clock.
Mr. DUNCAN then obtained the floor, and moved
that the committee rise; which motion prevailing,
The House adjourned.
IN SENATE,
____   Mondat, June 29, 1840.
Mr. STURGEON presented the petition of a num-
ber of citizens of Pittsburg, boat owners, boat build-
ers, and masters of boats navigating the Ohio river,
remonstrating against the passage of any law requir-
ing them to use exclusively any description of
steam machinery: ordered to be printed, and laid on
the table.
Mr. WALL presented the petition of a number
of master  of vessels engaged in tbe commerce of
the city of New York, remonstrating against the
repeal of the pilot law: referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ANDERSON presented the petition ef
George Turnley, praying for a pension in considera-
tion of Revolutionary services; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WHITE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which the same bad been referred, reported the
bills for the relief of Robert Whittle; for the relief
of Lyman N. Cook, and for the relief of Benjamin
McCullough, severally without amendment.
Mr. ROBINSON, from the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, to which had been re-
ferred the several acts amendatory of the act esta-
blishing and regulating tbe Post Office Department,
reportep the same with amendment.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Joint Committee on the
Library, to which had been referred the resolution
on the subject of the minerals and geological speci-
mens preserved in the War and Navy Depart-
ments, made a report thereon; which was read
and ordered to be printed.                                   '
Mr. WRIGHT,  from the Committee on Fj.
nance, reported unfavorably on the bill for the re-
lief of Andrew Low, senior partner and assignee of
! Low, Taylor, and Company, of Savannah, Ga.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pension-,
to which was referred the memorial of John Mc-
Clanahan, reported a bill for his relief; which was
read, and ordered to a second reading.
j Mr. P. also from the same committee, recom-
mended the indefinite postponement of the bill for
the relief of James Cummings.
Mr. P. from the same committee, to which was
referred the bills from the House for the relief of
Daniel W. Going, William Bowman, lchabod
Beardsley, and Peter A. Myers, reported the same
without amendment.
Mr. P. also, from the same committee, to which
was referred the bills from the House for the rehef
of James Cummings, Christian Brougher, John Pi-
per, and John Lybrouk, recommended their inde-
finite po>tponement.
Mr. BbNTON, from  the same  committee,  to
which had been referred the bills to provide for as-
tisfying outstanding claims to bounty lands for mi-
| litary services in the late war with  Great Britain,
j reported the same without amendment, and recom-
1  mended that further action thereon  be postponed
until the next session of Congress; and the report
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. B. submitted the following resolution, which
lies one day for consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be communicated to the
Senate, at the commencement of tbe next stated
session of Congress, a report showing the number
of soldiers enlisted into the army of the United
States, and entitled to bounty land, during the late
war with Great Britain, designating those who
were entitled to 320 acres from those who were en-
titled to 160 acres; also, the number of warrants
which have been drawn and satisfied for each of
said quantities; also, the number of warrants un-
drawn or unsatisfied at this time, with the names of
the soldiers entitled to receive the same, and how
far it may appear from the rolls of the army that
they have died in the service, or been discharged
honorably, or otherwise.
Mr. PRENTISS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to which had been referred the bills for the
relief   of  William   Buiterfield,   David   Wilson,
1 and John Brown, reported unfavorably upon the
same.
The joint resolution authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to extend further indulgence to the
deposite banks, was read the third time and
passed.
On motion by Mr. WALL, the bill to amend the
act approved May 13, 1800, entitled "An act to
, establish the judicial system of the United States,"
was taken up and considered, as in committee of
the whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading.
The bill in addition to the act entitled "An act to
authorize the construction of a road from Dubuque,
in the Territory of Iowa, to the northern boundary
of the State of Missouri, and for other purposes,"
approved March 3,1800, was taken up and con-
sidered as in committee of the whole; and after
some remarks from Messrs. YOUNG, HENDER-
SON, CLAY of Alabama, PIERCE, KING, and
TAPPAN, was, on motion of Mr. TAPPAN, laid
on the table.
On motion of Mr. PIERCE, the bill to regulate
the pay of the officers of the line and staff of the
army was taken up, and explained and advocated by
Mr. P.
Mr. WILLIAMS thought that there was hardly
time enough left of this session to act on this billin
both Houses, and that it would be better to post-
pone it to the next session. He was in favor of
equalizing the pay of the officers of the line and
the staff, bnt he thought that object could be
better attained by giving them a fixed salary in
