CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
493
Then he would ask, who was more entitled to an Independent
Treasury than an independent people"!
Mr. J. then gave a passing notice to the attack made by Mr.
Biddls on Saturday, upon the President, tor not having per-
formed any military exploit in the last war, and lollowed the ex
ample of Mr. Sekoeant, then Major Sergeant, who shouldered
his ¡¡un, and marched to the battle field, etc. Mr J. aAer some
remarks to the effect that Senators were required as well as war-
riors, begged to state that at the time when the Major Sergeant
was shoul.'enng his gun, Mr. Van Buren was render-
ing essential service to his country, by lua exertions in the Legia-
ature ol his native State.
He, Mr. J did not wish to be understood as saying any thing
derogatory to the military fame of Major Sergeant. On the
contrary, he had no doubt but that, during the war, the Major
was'Kith ready and willing to hurl a lance, or measure swords
with the stoutest of Joh.i Bull's men who might happen tocóme
m his way. But the people were generally~alloweil to the best
judges of military achievements, and seldom failed to be reward
them. Yet both the Major and Mr. Van Suren had beon placed
before the people as candidates for high office, and what was
the resudU What judgment had the people given on the me-
rits of the two!
One great objection of the opponents of the bill was that the
money would not be safe, and reference was made to the case of
Swartwout. It was true that Swartwout had put his hand
rather deeply into the public crib; but then that was under the
operation ol the deposite system, and could not occur under the
present system. Besides, gentlemen appeared to forget that, in
almost every newspaper, there were advertisements offerme
rewards for the capture of runaway bank officers' Gentlemen
would not deny this; and, among other instances, he would re-
fer them to a case ot that kind, wmch had recently occurred m
h  awn ¡Stale, (Virginia,) when a bank teller had gone off
with no less than five huudred and fifty thousand dollars.
Some member of the OpiKwuiuii here called out, "Yes, a
Bank with an Administration president."
Mr. JONES replied: "O, yes, an Administration president,
and a Whig teller.   (Great laughtei )
In further reply to the objections urged against the safety of
the money in the hands of receivers, Mr J. asked whether the
money, when lodged with the banks, was safe from dishonest
officers. What was there (he asked) to prevent the chief of-
ficer of a bank from going into its vaults, at any time, and lug-
ging ofFby steamboat, or other conveyance, any sum he nleasedl
The fact was, the argument against entrusting Individual re
covers with the money, proved too much; for it would go to
prove that no money ought to be entrusted into the hands of
any individual whatever.
Mr. J. then showed that the whole expense of the present sys-
tem would not exceed $31,000, which was a small sum when
compared with the great and important objects contemplated
Mr. J. after replying to many other objections to the bill, and
•bowing that no other measure would restore prosperity to the
country, brought his remarks to a close at hall past 8 o'clock.
They will appear hereafter m full.
Mr. PROFFIT then took the floor in opposition to the bill,
which he denounced as neither more nor less than "a serpent
•leaping in a bed of flowers," and hated himself because he
could not prevent its passage. He concluded at half past
eleven.
The CHAIR then gave the floor to
Mr. DROMGOOLE, who remarked, that, on the 20th of May
last, the consideration of this bill was commerced in Commit-
tee of the Whole. On the first day of this present month, a re-
■oluuon wasadopted, which so lar modified our rules as to en-
able ^majority of the House to continue the discustion from
day to day. Since that time, with scarce1)1 the loss of a sitíele
day, (be believed not more than one,) the debate had proceeded
in its progress. He believed that there had been delivered
surly speeches on the pending question, and, if he had not been
incorrectly informed, thirty-three had been made by those op-
posed to the passage of the bill, and twenty-seven by its advo-
cates. The opponents of the measure, he remarked, had con-
mined a great deal more of the time of the committee than its
mends had. It was now, he said, nearly half past 11 o'clock m
the night, and be thought, under all the circumstances, that it
was proper that the debate should now cease in committee,
tod that, on to-morrow, we should, in the House, pursue such
course as would be required by the resolution recently adopted
in relation to our action on this bill.
He therefore moved "that the committee do rise."*
Mr NAYLOR, who, it appears, had risen simultaneously with
Mr. Deomgoolk, here laid claim to the floor, and was proceeding
u> make some remarks, when
The CHAIR called him to order, the motion of Mr. Dhom-
«kxx not being debatable.
Kr. NVYLOR complained that he had been unjustly deprived
of the floor: when he was called to order from various parts of
Ibebau.
Toe question being on the motion that the committee rise,
tellers were ordered, and Messrs. Holmes and Ramsey ap-
rmted to act as such-
Mr NAYLOR again put in bis Claim to the floor, but as
members bad already commenced passing through the tellers,
and tus claim disregarded, he became much excited, and shout-
ed at the very top of his voice, "Whigs, do not vote! You are
slaves'"
f The «treme high pitch of voice in which this call was made,
bad the good effect of awaking all the sleepersywho, from
exhaustion, had taken refuge on the sofas.        S
Notwithstanding the injunction of Mr. Naylor, the Whigs
then voted, and the reult was—ayes 51, noes 26
So a majority of those present were in favor of the motion
that the committeee rise.
The committee accordingly rose and reported the bill.
The CHAIR, at the request of several members, reported the
fact that there was no quorum, bat that the motion to rise bad
been earned by a majority of those present. The House hav-
ing adopted a resolution discharging the committee from the
farther consideration of the bill, on to day, the absence of a quo-
rum was immaterial.
Mr. RAMSEY moved to adjourn.
On that motion the yeas and nays were demanded, and being
taken, were—veas 55, noes 43.
So, a few minutes before twelve,
The House adjourned.
The debate was opened by Mr. Cubhino, a Whig, who oc-
cupied nx hours and thirty minutes in the delivery of his
"feech.  The eonciodm^ speech was made by Mr. Pboffit, a
Whig, who occupied the time of the committee for two hour 
and thirty five minutes.
The names ol all the intermedíate speakers on each side of
the question have been noted, and the time occupied by each.
hours, mm.
The whole time occupied by all the speakers is       157    30
The thirty-three opponents of the bill consumed       98
The twenty-seven advocates of the bill consumed     59
24
24
Difference
39    00
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, June 30, 1840.
Mr. NICHOLAS presented the petition of John
K. West and others, merchants, ship owners, cap-
tains of vessels, and insurers of the State of Lou-
isiana, and the petition of the Chamber of Com-
merce of New Orleans,severally praying an amend-
ment to the act of March 2, 1837, concerning
pilots, which were severally referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printpd.
Mr. TAPPAN presented the petition of S. Wild-
man and others, citizens of the Sffite of Ohio, pray-
ing the establishment of a mail ronte; which was
referred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads.
Oa motion by Mr. HUBBARD, it was ordered
that the Secre'ary of the Senate transmit to the
Secretary of the Treasury the papers which ac-
compai.ied the petitttion of the executrix of James
Cashen, deceased, which wete received from that
Department.
Mr. TAPPAN, from the Joint Committee on
the Library, to which was recommi'ted the joint
resolution for the relief of Langtree and O'Sullivan,
reporter! the same bill with and amendment, which
was ordered to be printed.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions,
to which was referred bills from the House
For the relief of Stephen Appleby;
For the relief of Wo. Glover;
For the relief of Isaac Boyd;
For the relief of Ifaac Austin; and
For the relief of Elijah Blodget;
reported the same without amendment, and with a
recommendation  that  they be postponed   indefi-
nitely.
Mr. LINN, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported a bill confirming the claim
of Jenette Cadoitre, or ber legal representatives^
a certain lot or tract of land in Michigan; which
was read, and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. HUBBARD, from the Committee on Claims,
to which was referred the petition of Stalker and
Hill, made an adverse report thereon; which was
ordered to be printed.
The bill to expose to sale the public lands lying
within the limits of the State of Ohio, was taken up
and considerad as in committee of the whole, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to which had been referred various memo-
rials on the subject of the official conduct of the
Consul of the United States at the Havana, made
a report thereon, concluding with a resalution that
the committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof.
Mr. D. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill granting extra pay to certain officers of the
revenue cutters for services in the navy of the
United States; which was read twice and ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. KING, from the Committee on Commerce,
to which had been referred the bill from the House
for the relief of Elliett Smith and Nathan Barne-
well, reported the same unfavorably, without
amendment.
The bill supplemental to an act entitled "an act
for the discontinuance of the office of Surveyor
General in the several districts, so soon as the sur-
veys therein can be completed, for abolishing land
offices under certain circumstances, and for other
purposes," was taken up as in committee of the
whole, and ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing.
The bill granting a portion of the public lands
to the Mississippi and Rock river Canal Company
being taken up as in committee of the whole, was
discussed at much length by Me&rs. YOUNG, AL-
LEN, BENTON, and CALHOUN, and on motion
of Mr. WRIGHT, it was laid on the table.
The bill to provide for the better execution of
lavs in the collec ion of duties on imports was ta-
ken up, and the several amendments proposed by
the Committee on Finance were explained and ad-
vocated by Mr. WRIGHT. A debate occurred in
which Messrs. HUNTINGTON, CLAY of Ala.
BUCHANAN, HUBBARD, WALKER, PRES-
TON, CLAY of Ky. and CALHOUN participated;
in the course of which the two last named Sena-
tors expressed their opinion in favor of carrying
out the principles of the compromise act, in the re-
vision of the tariff at the next session.
Before any question was taken,
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Tuesday, June 30, 1840.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked that the House would
by general consent agree to take up and dispose of
the communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
transmitting the proceedings of the court martial
on the trial of Lieutenant Hooe. If the rules had
not been suspended for the purpose of adopting the
preamble and resolutions, calling for this document,
he would have no objection to let it take its regular
course with the business on the Speaker's table;
but he deemed it his duty to take early action upon
it, and hoped the House would consent to dispose
of the subject now.
Objection having been made,
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved to suspend the rales
for the morning hour, and on that motion aked for
the yeas and nays; which were ordered.
Mr. TRIPLETT hoped the gentleman from
Virginia would consent to have the reading of the
document di«pensed wilh, and let it be printed.
Mr. DROMGOOLE said if the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Triplett] would vote with him to
suspend ihe rules, so as to get the subject before
the House, he would move to suspend the reading,
and have it printed, without delay.
The question was then taken on the motion to
suspend the rules, and agreed to by yeas 122
nays 17.
Th" CHAIR announced that the question
pending when the subject was last up, was
the motion of Mr. J. Thompson of Mis-
sissippi, to refer the whole subject to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and to have the documents
printed; and on which motion the previous ques-
tion was moved.
Mr. CHINN moved that the reading of the do-
cument be dispensed with, and that it be referred to
a select commit'ee.
The CHAIR said it was not in order for the gen-
tleman to submit both motions at the same mo-
ment.
Mr. CHINN then moved that the further read-
ing be dispensed with; which was agreed to.
Mr. BOTTS inquired of the Chair whether it
would be in order to move to refer the subject to a
select committee, instead of the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The CHAIR replied that it would; but there
could be no debate upon that motion, the previous
question having been called for.
Mr. BOTTS said, then I make this a question of
order. I; it competent for a gentleman to make a
motion to refer a document which was not in the
possession of the House before it had been read.
The CHAIR was understood to say that it was
in the possession of the House.
Mr. BOTTS then made another point of order—
whether it was competent for the gentleman from
Mississippi to make a motion to refer to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ia the same breath to
move the previous question on «hat motion.
The CHAIR fcaid according to the ptactice of
the House, it was.
Mr. BOTTS. Was it in order for him to make
such a motion before the paper was read?
The CHAIR replied that the reading had not
been called for; but according to the usual P***"
tice, sufficient of 4he document had been read to
enable the House to know what it wa-«; and it was
at that -dage the motion had been made.
Mr. BOTTS inquired of the Chair whether the
