494
- - -                                   ■   -■                                                     llftlumn
motion to lay on the table did not take precedence
of the motion to refer, and all other motions.
The CHAIR replied in the affirmative.
Mr. BOTTS. Then I more to lay the whole
subject on the table, and hare the documents
printed.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for the yeas and nays
on that motion, which were ordered.
Mr. DROMGOOLE called for a division of the
question so as to take the vote first on the motion
to lay on the table; and the question was according-
ly taken by yeas and nays, and resulted—yeas 60,
nays 123.
YEAS—Messrs. John W. Allen, Barnaul, Bell, Bond, Bolts,
Briggs, Calhoun, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden, Cranston, Crock-
ett, Curtis, Cushing, Edw. Dimes, Deberry, Dennis, Edwards,
Evans, Everett, Rice Garland, Gentry, Giddings, Goode, Gnn-
nell, W. 8. Hastings, Henry, Hill of Va. Hoffman, Hunt, James,
Chas. Johnston, William Cost Johnson, Kempshall, Lincoln,
Marvin, Mason, Morgan, Naylor, Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Pope,
Randolph, Rariden, Ridgway, Russell, Sergeant, Simonton,
Truman Smith, Stanly,|8tuart,Taliaferro, W. Thompson, Til-
linghast, Toland, Trumbull, Peter J. Wagner, Thomas W.
Williams, Lawis Williams, and C. II. Williams—60.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Judson Allen, H. J. Anderson, An-
drews, Athenon, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd,
Aaron V. Brown, Burke, S. U. Butler, W. O. Butler, Carr, Car-
roll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Connor, M. A. Cooper, W. R.
Cooper,Crabb, Craig, Crary, Cross, Dana, Davee, John Davis, J.
W Davis, Dawson, Dellet, Doan, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl,
Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith,
James Garland, Gates, Gerry, Goggm, Graham, Green, Griffin,
Habersham, Hall, Hammond, Hand, Hawes, Hawkins, Hill  f
North Carolina, Holleman, Hook, Jackson, Jameson, Jenifer,
Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keim, Kille, King, Leet, Leo-
nard, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Mallory,
Marchand, Miller, Monroe, Montanya, Montgomery, Newhard,
Nisbet, Parrish, Parmenter, Parns, Paynter, Petrikin, Pick
ens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Rayner, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives, Ed-
ward Rogers, J. Rogers, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, A.
Smith, J. Smith, Thoa. Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong,
Sumpter, Sweanngen, Sweney, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Trip-
lett, Tdrney, Underwood, Vanderpoel, David D. Wagener,
Warren, Watterson, Weller, Jared W. Williams, Henry Wil-
liams, Joseph L. Williams, and Worthington—123.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject on
the table.
The question then recuring on the motion to
print, it was taken dy yeas and nays, and decided
in the affirmative—yeas —, nays 2.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved to refer the subject
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The SPEAKER said the question would be first
taken on the motion to refer the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion for the previous question then re-
ceived a second, and the main qustion was then
ordered?" and the question being, "Shall the whole
subject be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary?" it was agreed to without a count.
Mr. DROMGOOLE asked the general consent
of the House to permit him to enter a motion to
have an extra quantity of the documents in relation
to Lieutenant Hooe printed for the usa of the
House.
Mr. GRAVES objected; and the motion was not
pressed.
The CHAIR announced that the business spe-
cially in order was the Independent Treasury bill.
Mr. VANDERPOEL obtained the floor, and
moved the previous question.
Mr. R. GARLAND inquired of the Chair
whether the bill was reported from the Committee
of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
The CHAIR replied that it was not.
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland said he had given
notice of his intention to move a substitute for the
bill, but no opportunity bad been afforded him for
that purpose. He hoped the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Vahderpoel] would withdraw the cap-
tion to enable him to offer lhe substitute, and let the
House take a vote opon it. He did not wish to
present it to embarrass the action or waste the time
of the House, but would be willing, if it was admit-
ted, to have the vote taken without debate.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said a sense of duty would
not permit him to withdraw the motion.
Mr. HOFFMAN said the bill had not, accord-
ing to the rules, been reported from the Com-
mittee on the state of the Union; and he in-
quired of the Chair whether the resolution dis-
charging the committee could override the rules.
The CHAIR replied that the resolution was
adopted by   two thirds, and therefore did over-
ride the rales; a vote of two thirds would suspend
all the rules.
Ti)e motion for the previous question was then
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
seconded; and the question then being "shall the
bill bs ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.?"
Mr. R. GARLAND demanded the yeas and
nays; which having been ordered, were—yeas 123,
nays 100.
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster, \
Aaron V Brown, Albert G.Brown, Edmund Burke, Sampson
H.Butler, William O. Butler, Bynum, Carr, Canoll, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Connor M. A Co >per,
Wm R. Cooper, Craig, Crary, Cross, Dan , Davee, John Da-
vis, John W. Davis, Dickerson, Doan, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbrauh,
James Garland, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, Hawkins,
Hill of North Carolina, Hlllen, Holleman, Holmes, Hook,
Hopkins, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, J. Johnson, Cave John-
son, N. Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Lead
better, Leet, Leonard, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch,
McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Mont-
gomery, jSamuel W. Morns, Newhard, Parrish, Parmenter,
Parns, Paynter, Petrikin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Rey-
nolds, Rhett, Rives, Edward Rogers, James Rogers, Ryall,
Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas
Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Swearm
gen, Sweney, Taylor. Francis Thomas, Philip F. Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel, Vroom, David D I
Wagener, Watterson, Weller, Jared W. Williams, Henry
Williams, and John T H. Worthington—123
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alford,   John W Allen, Andrews,    '
Baker, Barnard, Bell, Huidle, Bond, Botts,  Briggs, Brockway,    <
John Campbell, Wm. B. Campbell, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden,
Clark, James Cooper,   Crabb,  Cranston,    Crockett,  Cuius,
Cushing, Edward  Davies,   Garret Davis,  Dawson, Deberry,
Dennis,  Dellet,  Edwards,    Evans,   Everett,  Fillmore, Rite
Garland,   Gates,  Gentry, Giddings, Goggin, Goode, Gialiam,   (
Graves, Green, Grmnell, Habersham,  Hall, Wm. S Hastines,   <
Hawes,   Henry, Hill   of Virginia,   Hoffman, Hunt,   James,
Jenifer, Chas.  Johnston, W. Cost Johnson, Kempshall, King,
Lincoln, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe, Morgan,   Calvary   ,
Moms, Naylor, Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne,   Palen,   Peck, Pope,    f
Promt, Randall, Randolph,  Rariden, Rayner, Rid"way, Rus      >
sell, Saltonstall, Sergeant,   Simonton, Slaile, Tiuman Smith,    I
Stanly, Stuart, Taliaferro, W. Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland,
Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood,   Peter J. Wagner, Edward  11
D. While, John White, T. W  Williams, Lewis Williams, J. L     I
Williams, and Chiistopher H. Williams—100.
Mr. CHINN said he had voted in the affirma- j
tive under the impression that it was the general ' [
disposition of his friends to bring the thing to a ' I
close as soon as possible; but since he learned that ;.
was not the case, he wished to change his vote to '
the negative; which was accordingly done.
The question now being 'shall the bill be read a
third time?"
Mr. GRIFFITH of South Carolina called for
the yeas and nays; which having been ordered,
were—yeas 125, nays 105.
YBAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Brewster
Aaron V. Brown, Albert G Brown, Burke, Sampson II. But
ler, William O. Butler, Bynum, Carr, Carroll, Chapman,
Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Connor, Mark A. Cooper, William
R Cooper, Craig, Crary, Cross, Dana, Davee, John Davis,
J. W. Davis, Dickerson, Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan,
Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, Gal-
braith, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, Hawkins, Hill of
N. C. Hlllen, Holleman, Holmes, Hook, Hopkins, Hubbard,
Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathauiel
Jones, John W. Jones, Keim, Kemlle, Kille, Leadbetter,
Leet, Leonard, Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloh,
McKay, Mallory, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Mont-
gomery, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parrish, Parmenter,
Parns, Paynter, Petrikin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Rey-
nolds, Rhett, Rives, Robinson, Edward Rogers, James Rogers,
Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, Albert Smith, John Smith,
Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter,
Sweanngen, Sweney, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip F.
Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel, Vroom,
David D. Wagener, Wattereon, Weller, Jared W. Williams,
Henry Williams, and John T. H. Worthington—125.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Alford, J. W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Barnard, Bell, Biddle, Bond, Botts,'Briggs, Brockway, Calhoun,
John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Carter, Casey, Chinn,
Chittenden, Clark, James Cooper, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett,
Curtis, Cushion, Davies, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Den-
nis, Dellet, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, James Garland,
Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry, Giddings, Goggin, Goode, Gra-
ham, Graves, Green, Grmnell, Habersham, Hall, Wm. S.
Hastings, Hawes, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, Hunt,
James, Jenifer, Chas. Johnston, William Cost Johnson,Kem-
pshall, King, Lincoln, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe,
Morgan, Calvary Morris, Naylor, Nisbet, Ogle, Osborne, Palen,
Peck, Pope, Proffit, Randall, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Kirig-
way, Russell, Saltonstall, Seigeant, Simonton, Slade, Truman
Smith, Stanly, 'Stuart, Taliaferro, Waddy Thompson, Til-
linghast, Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Underwood, Peter J.
Wagner, Warren, Edward D. White, John White, Wick,
Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams,
and Christopher H. Williams—105.
So the bill having been ordered to a third reading,
it was read the third time, and the question being
"shall the bill pass?"
Mr. GRAHAM obtained the floor, and spoke,
without concluding, in opposition to its passage, un-
til half past two o'clock, at which time the House
took its usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. GRAHAM of North Carolina having con-
cluded his remarks in opposition to the bill,
Mr. HAWES of Kentucky obtained the floor
and made an argument against it.
Mr. GREEN made a speech in opposition to
the bill, and in favor of a Bank of the Tluued Slaves
as the proper regulator of the currency.
Mr. VANDERPOEL next obtained the floor,
amidst a host of competitors. He would make a
single remark, (cries of the " previous question,")
and that remark was that the speech he was about
to make would be strictly in order— daughter,)
gentlemen might depend that the speech would be
a very brief one, (continued laughter, and erices of
the " previous question.") Mr. V. wished to have
the friends with whom he acted to escape the imputa-
tion of having been, unreasonable and tyrannical,
by now closing this debate. líe would therefore
advert to an account kept by his vigilant inend to
the right of the number of speeches made on each
side since the bill had been first taken up in com-
mittee. | It appeared that those gentlemen calling
themselves Whigs had made thirty-six speeches,
while the friends of the Administration had made
but twenly seven speeches. The time consumed
by the enemies of the bill was ninety-eight hours
and twenty-four minn ies,while its advocates had con- i
suraed but fifty-nine hours and twenty-four minutes.
Now he had no fault to find with the Opposition for
the time they had consumed, because they having
the worot cause, it necessarily required the greater
number of words, and if he could be persuaded that
they could add any thing to their arguments, he
would with pleasure sit and hear them. But it
was evident to all, that their argumenis were
worn out. He had seen them week alter week
struggle in this business, still the stone of Sisyphus
rolled back. He hoped, that in no event would
the friends of the bill make any further speeches.
The argument on their side was complete, unan-
swered, and unanswerable. To attempt to add to
it would be only "bringing coals to Newcastle."
He could not better serve his country or his consii-
tuents, than to move the previous quesiion, which
motion he now submitted.
Mr. CLIFFORD moved a call of the House,
which was ordered, and proceeded in nil 221 an-
swered to their names.
The list of absentees having been called for
excuses, the following gentlemen were respectively
excused, viz. Messrs. Anderson of Kentucky,
Corwin, Adams, Doig, and Brewster; and
The nameot Mr. Fisher having been called,
Mr. MONTGOMERY moved   that  he be ex-
cused on account of absence with his family.     Se
veral of his colleages stated that he was unavoid-
ably absent.
Mr. MORGAN demanded the yeas and nays on
the motion to excuse; which were ordered.
Mr. CAVE JOHNSON moved to suspend all
further proceedings in the call.
Mr. GRAVES demanded the yeas and nays;
which were ordered, and were—yeas 141, nays 66.
So all further proceedings were suspended.
The motion for the previous qnestion then re-
ceived a second; and the question now being,
"Shall the main question be now put?"
Mr. L. WILLIAMS demanded the yeas and
nays, which having been ordered, were—yeas 123,
nays 99, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Ather-
ton, Banks, Beatty, Beirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd,
Brewster, Aaron V Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Samp-
son H. Butler, William O. Butler, Carr, Carroll, Casey,
Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Colquitt, Connor, Mark A. Cooper,
William R. Cooper, Craig, Cross, Dana, Davee, John Davis, m
John W. Davis, Dickerson, Doan, Doig. Dromgoole, Duncan,
Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, Gal-
brauh, Gerry, Griffin, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, Haw-
kins, Hill of North Carolina, Hlllen, Holleman, Holmes, Hook,
Hopkins, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson,
William Cost Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John
W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Leadbetter, Leet, Leonard,
Lewis, Lowell, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch, McKay, Mallory,
Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery, S. W. Mor-
ris, Newhard, Parrish, Parmenter, Parns, Paynter, Petnkio,
Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett, Rives, Robinson,
E.  Rogers, James Rogers, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard,
John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod, Strong,
Sumpter, Sweanngen, Sweney, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Philip
F.  Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vanderpoel, Vroom,
David D- Wagener, Watterson, Weller, Jared W. Williams,
Henry Williams, and Worthinglon—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Bell, Biddle, Bond, Botts, Briggs, Brockway, Bynum, Cal-
houn, John Campbell, William B. Campbell, Carter, Chu ,
Chittenden, Clark, J. Cooper, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Cush-
ing, Davies, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Ed-
wards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, James  Garland, Rice Gar-
