í 0\^UESSIOJVAL GLOBE.
26th Coito........-1st Sbss.
BY BLAIR & RIVES.
Contintudfrom Mb. 31.
on the part of Great Biitain to annul, the agree-
ment eutered into between that Government and
the United States, in th« month of April, 1817, re-
lative to the naval force to be maintained upon the
American lakes, called for by a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 9th of March
la*.                                  M. VAN BUREN.
Washington Cut, June 29,1840.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, of Ohio, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
TV the House of Representatives of the United Stales:
I transmit herewith a communication from the
Secretary of War, accompanied by a report of ihe
Commanding General of the army, embracing all
the information which can be obtained in answer to
a resolution of the House of Representatives of
the 6th of April, 1840, requesting to be furnished
with any information in possession of the Execu-
tive Department, *howing the military preparation
of Great Britain, by introducing troops into Cana-
da or New Brunswick, or erecting or repairing
fortifications on oar Northern and Northeastern
boundary, or by preparing naval armaments on any
of the great Northern lakes, and what prepara-
tions, if any, have been made by this Government
to put the United States, and especially those fron-
tiers, in a posiure of defence against Great Britain
in ease of war.                    M, VAN BUREN.
Washington, June 29, 1840.
Ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mjuiog information called for by the Honse on the
7th of February last, in relation to the trade of the
United States with China, from the years 1821 to
1839. On motion of Mr. EVERETT, referred to
the Committee oa Foreign Arjarrs.
A letter from the Secretary of the Navy, trans-
mitting information called for by the House on the
25th of May, apon the subject of chronometers,
and the expenses o£ ameers employed in their trans-
portation; wh*ch was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
A letter from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting the annual statements of the com-
merce and navigation of the United States for the
year ending Sept. 30, 1839; which letter and state-
ments were ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
Mr. CURTIS moved that 5,000 extra copies,
and Mr. ADAMS moved that 10,000 extra copies
be published.
Mr. PETRIK1N objected.
Mr. RICE GARLAND preferred 5,000 copies.
In the interior of the country few copies were read.
It would cost $5,000 a. least to print 10,000. The
Senate had already ordered 5,0u0.
Messrs. RAMSEY and CAVE JOHNSON ob-
jected to the motion; Messrs. ADAMS, CURTIS,
and REED were in favor of printing the largest
number.
Mr. CURTIS moved to suspend the rules to
consider the motion, and moved the previous ques-
tion; which was seconded, put, and carried. And
the mam question being on the motion to print
10,000 extra copies, it was carried.
Sundry Senate bills were twice read and re-
ferred.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter (rom the Commissioner on Public Build-
ings, communicating information called for on the
-------- in relation to the superintendents and work-
• men employed on the public buildings: on motion
of Mr. PETRI KIN, was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Expenditures on the Public Buildings
and Grounds.
Mr. ADAMS asked leave to report from a select
committee on a memorial of the American Philoso-
phical Society, requesting the aid of Government in
carrying" on a series of geological observations.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia objected.
TUESDAY, JULY 7, 1840.
z
Volume 8...........N0. 32.
—WEEKLY-
PRICE n   PER SESSION.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA .BAJÍKS.
The following bill from the Senate! extending the
charters of the banks in the District ¡of Columbia,
coming up in order, viz:                  / /
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hftsc of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of JlmeHca in Congress
assembled, That the charters of trM Farmers and
Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown, The Bank of the
Metropolis, Patriotic Bank of Washington, and
Bank of Washington, in the city of Washington,
and the Farmers.' Bank of Alexandria, and Bank
of Potomac, in the town of Alexandria, be, and the
same are hereby, extended to the 4th day of July,
1842, Unless Congress shall, in the mean trme,
otherwise order and direct, upon condition that
neither of said banks shall issne and pay out the
notes of any other bank, banker, or batking insti-
tution or corporation, which is in a state of suspen-
sion or non-payment of its liabilities in specie; and
upon the further condition that the said banks, nor
either of them, shall take a stay of execution on
any judgment recovered against them in any case
wnatever, nor appeal from such judgment, nor
take a certiorari thereon, except on an affidavit of
merit.
Mr. W. COST JOHNSON went into a speech
in support of the bill, in which, though he ad-
mitted the bill not to be such, in all respects, as he
could have desired, he urged the shortness of time
now left, as the charters of the banks would expire
on Friday next, and the ruin to the people of the
District which must ensue if the banks should be
suddenly destroy«d.
Several questions were then put to him by
Messrs. CAVE JOHNSON and VANDERPOEL,
when
Mr. ADAMS, supposing Mr. Jopnson to have
concluded, besan to speak.
Mr. JOHNSON yielded, and
Mr. ADAMS made a speech in favor of the bill,
especially on the ground that it was from one of
these banks that members of Congress must get
their pay.
Mr. PETRIKIN followed in some remarks in
opposition to th* passage of the bill. He was ep-
poned to all exclusive privileges. He pointed out
the manner in which these banks bad set at defiance
the laws; and showed that, by the exclusive privi-
leges given to these institutions, and from the man-
ner in which they fleece the laboring community,
one oí the presidents is enabled to ride in his car-
riage and four, with liveried servants, etc. He
concluded by moving the following amendment to
the bi.l:
Provided, also, That the president and directors
of each of said banks shall be jointly and severally,
in their individual capacity, liable lor all nates
issued or debts contracted by said banks respec-
tively, from and after the day this act goes into ef-
fect, to be recovered as other debts of like amount
may at the time be by law recoverable; And be it
further provided, That the said banks shall not make
any division of profits, or dtclare any dividends,
during the time said banks shall refine to pay all
their liabilities in^pecia on demand; and the Presi-
dent and directors of any of said banks who shall
make any such division of profits, or declare any
such dividend, or consent to or vote for the same,
shall be liable to pay double the amount of the sum
so divided or declared, to be recovered of them in
their individual capacity, by any person suing for
the same as debts of like amount are recoverable,
one half of said forfeiture to go to the person suing,
and the other half to the corporation where said
bank is located.
Be it further enacted, etc That justices of the peace
within the District of Columbia shall have jurisdic-
tion in all actions of debt against any of the banks
whose charters are hereby extended, for sums not
exceeding $100, and no appeal, certiorari, or injunc-
tion shall be allowed, granted, issued or directed,
by any court within said District, unless an affida-
vit be first made* and placed in said court by the
president orbne or more of the directors of the bank
so sued, that such appeal, certiorari, or injuncton
is not asked for the purpose of delay, but because
he or they believe there is a ju-t defence on the me-
rits, and that injustice is likely tj be done if said
appeal, certiorari, or injunction should not be
granted.
Mr. VANDERPOEL said:   It was not necessa-
ry to the purpose he had in view, in the few re-
marks he intended to submit, to class fy the House
by denominating one portion of it bank  men, and
another party enemies of the banks.    Nor was it
his purpose to cast imputations upon  gentlemen
because they happened to be connected wuh banks.
It was his pleasure to know some of the gentlemen
who were connected with the iostitnrif.ns in ques-
tion, and it was but just to them to t-ay, that ihry
were gentlemen for wOomhe entertained very high
respect.   bull, he felt it his duty to say, that the b 11
under consideration, consid r.ng  the s tuation in
which all the banks of th's District now exhibited
themselves, was a very extraordinary one.    Tney
were in a state of suspension—of open delinquency
j —of oppn violation of the law that created ihem;
and while in this condition, they came and asked
tor an unqualified extension or renewal of their
charters.   It could not be, that after our doings of
yesterday, we were prepared to vote for this bill,
without   any   amendment   to   drive   the    banks
back to   their  duty.    What a rpectacle would
we exhibit to the nation by so doing.  It was our in-
cumbent duty to set a better example to the Slates.
The facility with  which the banks of the several
States now-a-days suspended specie payments was,
indeed, a reproach to our country.   An honorable
merchant, during a pecuniary or commercial re-
vulsion, would often tim«s sacrifice hundreds of
thousands of dollars to maintain his credit and in-
tegrity; but, according to the ethics of banks, they
suspended specie payments w.v never it became a
little   inconvenient to main'an   them.    Indeed,
they seemed to suspend some imes for pretty mu<h
the same reason that Betty assigned for skinning her
eels, "6eeaitM they Mudit." It was hich time that we
at least should set our lace against the fac.lity with
which the banks assumed this unjust—this demo-
ralizing position.    That portion of the House that
was now coming out for the recharter of these
suspended banks, had always toid us that it was
the duty of Congress to  regulate the currency of
the country—that the friends of t ie Administration
were subject to the reproach of permitting an im-
portant pewer,conferred upon us by tie Constitu-
tion, to lie dormant.   And  was this a specimen of
the manner in which they would put this alleged
power into execution?    Was   this the mole in
which they would   "regulate the currency"—re-
charter a batch of banks, that are daily in theipm
violation of law and dut>?   They could not pay
their debts, or redeem their bills; but what coula*
they do—what had they done under our very eyes?
Why, make dividends of profits while in a state of
suspension—> es, profits made at a time when the
poor market woman, with one of their notes, was
liable to be «hand to the tune of from five t3 ten
percent.!     Were we prepared to  legalize such
doings; by voting for an unqualified renewal of
these charters; one that would involve no rebuke
for, but would rather sanction, their past and pre-
sent demerits?   If we passed this bill, what a beau-
tiful commentary would it be upon our doings of
yesterday—a day signalized by the'passage of that
great measure of reform.   He would never con-
sent to vote for the bill, unless a provision was in-
serted that the banks should resume specie pay-
ment Within thirty, or, at farthest, sixty days.   As
matter of example and principie, this bill extended
in its operatien beyond the ten  mites square.   It
was commensurate with the Union.   By passing it
in its  present state, we would proclaim  to the
world, to the institutions  f the State?, the immoral
sentiment that a state of suspensioa is not  a state
of palpable and most reprehensible delinquency.,
MnBRIOaS responded to h m m an argumen-
tativespeech, urgaig the example of the iurronnd-
