m
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
anw and aavy;" which was referred to the Com-
ntHM of the Whole on the state of the Union.
•On motion of Mr. GOGGÍN, the C mmittee on
Military Affairs was discharged from the further
eooakieration of the petition of William Go ver,
and tb* peturt* of the inhabitants of Virginia, in
relation to the employment of laborers at Fort
Monroe-, and that said petitions do lie on the table.
Mr. ANOBRSOtf of Maine, from the Commit-
t e«a Naval Affairs, reported back to the House,
with amendments, Senate bill entitled "An act to
mafee ne* provisions respecting navy Pensions;
wtMsVwas committed to the Committee of the
Whale Off the state of the Union.
Mr. A- al*o, from the same committee, made a
report in the case of Lieut. Thos. O. Seltudge;
wbteh was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. A. afeo reported, from the same committee,
a bill fixing the pay of officers of the revenue cut-
ter service white co-operating with the naval ser-
Tice of the United Slates; which was read twice,
and referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. A. also, from the same committee, reported
baek, without amendment, the bill for the relief of
Robert Ramsay: referred to tne Committee of the
"Wnole House.
On motion of Mr. RAMSEY,
Ordered, That the Committee on Naval Affairs
be discharged from the petition of Commodore
James Barron upon the subject of a prow ship;
altó from the petition of naval surgeons; and that
the said periikns do lie on the table.
Mr. CUSHING, from the Committee on Fo-
reign Affairs, to which was referred the message of
the President of the United States of the 9¡h of
March last, on the subject of tonnage duties on
Spanish vessels in the ports of the Uoited States,
reported a bill concerning the tonnage duties on
Spaatsh vessels; which was twice read, and com-
mitted to the Committee on the state of the Union.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, reported
a bill for the relief of William D. Jones; which
was read twice, and committed.
Mr. C. also, from the same committee, made
two reports on the memorial of Alphonzo F. A.
Blake, representative of Wm. Carmichacl, former-
ly Gharge d'Affaires of the Untied States in Spain;
which were committed to the Committee of the
Wholer House.
, Mr. PICKENS submitted to the House a trans-
lation of a note from the Minister of Spain to the
Secretary of State, in relation to the affair of the
Spanish schooner L'Amistad: laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
The* morning hour having expired,
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved that the He use
proceed to the orders of the day.
Mr. PICKENS requested Mr. Jones to suspend
the motion, to enable htm to report back the joint
resoavuen from the Senate, in relation to the dis-
position ot the presen s from the Imaum of Muscat
to the President ot the United States.
Mr- P. accompanied his request with a remark
or two, of which the Keporter could hear nothing.
Mr. JONES «aid, that as the resolution would
eome op in the morning hour of to-morrow, he
most decline to waive his motion.
Aad the House then passed to the orders of the
**f.
DISTRICT BANKS.
•       The* House resumid the consideration of the
bill to extend for the term of two years the char-
ters of the several banks in tae District of Co-
lumbia.
Tne question immediately pending was on the
third brauch of the amendment to the amendment
e|,Mr.M. A. Cooper, which provided that trom
and after the 1st of June next, no notes should be
issued by said banks of a less denomination than
5u dollars
And the question being taken, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 83, nays 106, as follows:
1TJ0AS—Messrs. Atherton, Banks, Black, Boyd, Burke,
CarJvChapmran^ Clifford, Connor, Mark A. Cooper, William H,
Cooper, Craig/' Doap, Dromgoole, Eastman, Fine, Fisher,
Weft-be , Plojrd, GaJbraith, Gerry, Hawkins, Hill of North
Carolina, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cafe Johnson, Nathaniel
JpOflMuha W.^ooa , Keim, Kille, Leadbetter, Laca , McCUsl-
lao,' JiartttanU,' Milter, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Far-
rM*' PtMrtkut, Pickens, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rives, Robinson,
RyalLíJaiBuel , Shew, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, titeen-
rod, Strong, Sumter, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Turney, Wat-
terson, Weller, Wick, and Jared W. Williams—8i.
N vYS—M -^srs. Adams, Judson Allen, John W. Allen,
Hush J Andersen, Andrews, Baker, Barnard, Beany, Bell,
. Itla-kwell. Holla, B lsgs, f ampson II. Butter, William O. But-
ler, Calhoun, Wi'liam B. Campbtll, Carroll, Carter, Chain,
C atk, C.abb, Cianston, Crary, Crockett, Cross, Cunning,
Dina Divee Davie% John Davn,Garret Davis, D íwson, Den-
nis, Dellet, Earl, fc.dw,rds, Everett, James Gailaud, Rice Gar-
la.id, Gates, Gentry, Gogsin, Gtahum, Green, Griffin, Giinnell,
llauerslnm, Hammond, J >hn Mailings, Henry, Hill of Vitgi-
nia, Hoffman, Hunt, Jackson, James, Jem er, Wm. Cost
J ihnson, Kempshnll. King, Leet, Loonard, Lincoln, McCariy,
McCulloUi, MaUory, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Montanya, Ca! |
i vary Morris, Na> lor, Newhard, Nisbet, Ogle, O-borne, Pa-
I Ian, Pa>nter, Peck, Pope, Randolph, Rariden, Reed, Ridgway,
E Iward Rogers, Russell, Ssrgeant, Simonton, Stuart. Swear-
mge i, ralialei.-o, Waddy Thompson, Tillinghast, 'I oland.Trtp-
leu,TriimhuU,Uiidei wood, Vanjeipoel, David D. Wagener,
Peter J Wanner, Warren, John White, Thomas Williams,
Lewis Williams, Joseph L. Williams,Chiiatoplier 11. Williams,
and Worihmgton—106.
S" tne mird branch of the amendment was re-
jected.
11 The question then recurred on the founh branch
i of the amendment to the amendment, namely, the
pr-w-o that the notes of Ihe .•■aid banks should at
all times be redeemable in specie; or that, on fail-
ure thereof, the charters shou'd Qe forfeited.
And ihe question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—y*a« 107, navs 76, as follow*:
YE \-^—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J Anderson, Atherton,
Banks. Beauy, Ueirne, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Burke, hyntim,
Carr, Carro.1, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Connor, Mark A.
Cooper. Wm R Cooper, Craig, Craty, Cross, Dina, Davee,
J >hn Davis, Doan, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman Ely,
Fine, Fisher. Fletcher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith, Gerry,
Hitnmoiiil, Hand. .1. Hastings, Hawkins, Hill ofNoithCaro
lina, tlul'Tnau, Hook, Hopkins, Hubbara, Jackson, Jameson,
,lo«eph J ihoion. Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W.
Jones, Keim, Kemhle, Kille, Lead better, Leet, Leonard, Lucas,
McClellan, Mv.Cutloh,  d<-Kay, Marchand, Moler, Monunya,
Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Nisbet, Osle,
Parran, Paimenter, Parris, Paynter, Petnkin. Pope, Prentiss,
Ramsey, Kariden, Rayner, Rey no Id , Khett, Rives, Robinson,
, Edward Rogers, Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, John Siniih, Thomas
Smith, Starkweathei, S'eem-od,Stron*, Sumter, Swearwgen,
| Taylor, Jacob Thompoo, Turney, Vanderpoel, David D.
Wagener, Watteraoo, Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams,
Ilenrv Williams, and Woithington—107.
NAYS—Me-srs. Adams, Andrews. Baker, Barnard, Bell,
Boits, Brig's, Calhoun, Carter, Chtnn, Cuitteodcn, Clark,
Crabo, Cranston, Crockett Edward Davies, Garret Dans,
Dawson, Debsrrv, Dennis, Dj let, Elwards, Evans, Everett,
James Garland, Gates, G' ggin. Graham, Graves,Green, Griffin,
Grinnell. Habersham, Htnry, H 'flman. Holmes, Hunt, James,
1 Jenifer, Charles Johnston, William Cost Johnson, Kempsnall,
K ng. Lint oln, McCarty, Mallory, Marvin, Mason, Calvary
Morris, Naylor, Osborne, Palen, Peck, Reed, Ridgway, Rus-
sell, Saltonstall, Srgeant, Simonton, Truman Smith, Talia.
ferro, Waddy Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Triplett, Trum-
bull, Underwood, Peter J Wagner, Warren, Ed. D. White,
John White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, J. L.
Williams, and C. H. Williams—76.
So tne lounh branch of ihe amendment to the
amendment was agreed to.
Tne question was then on the last portion of Mr.
Cot per* amendment to the amendment of Petri-
kim, in tae woids following, viz:
' And be it further enacted, That in case the said
banks, or either of them, shall refuse or fail to pay
their notes in specie on demand of any person,
such person shall and may have remedy by judg-
ment and execution at law, at a notice of ten days
I    before any ju 'ice of the peace of said District."
The question was taken and decided in the affir-
mative—yeas 97, nays 76, as follows:
YEAS —Messrs.   Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
ii   Banks, Beany, Black,  Blackwell, Biyd, Burke, Sampson H.
Butler, William O. Butler, Bynum, Carr, Carroll;Casey,Chap-
II     man, Clifford, Connor. Mark A. Cooper, William R. Cooper,
1    Craiib, Cra g, Crary, D ma, John Davis, John W. Divis, Doan,
Dromgoole, Duncan. Eatl, Eastman, Ely, Fine, Fl-her, Floyd,
Geiry, Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of N. C,Holleman,
Hook, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson,
N. Jones, John W Jones, Keim. Kemble, Kille, Leadbetter,
Leet, Leonaid, Lucas. McClellan, M< Culloch, McKay, Mallory,
Marchand Miller, Montan va, Montgomery, Samuel W.Morris,
Newhaid, Ogle, Parnsh, Parmenter, Parrts, Paynter, Pickens,
Prentiss, Rdimey, Reynolds, Rives, Robinson, Edward Rogers,
Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Stark-
weather, S eeurod, Sirong, Snmpter, Tavlor, Jacob Thomp-
son, Turney, Vander|)oel, David D. vVa^enrr, Watteraon,
Weller. Jared W. Williams, and Henry Williams—97.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Andrews, Barnard, Bell, Brigzs,
Brockway, Calhoun, I hinn, Chittenden, Clark, Cranston,
Crockett, Cross, E livard Divies, Dawson, Deberry, Dentils,
Dellet,  Edwards, Evans, Everett, Galbraith, Garland, Gates,
|    Goggin. Graham, Graves, Griffin, Grinnell, Henry, Hill of Virgi-
¡   ma, Hiffman, Hubbard, Hunt,James, Jenifer, Charles Johnston,
I William Cost Johnson, Kempsnall, Lincoln, McCarty, Mar-
i vin, Mason, Monroe, Morris, Nisbet, Osborne, Palen, Peck, Pe-
tnkin, Rayner, Reed, Rhett, Ridgway. Russell. Salionslall,
Sergeant, Stmontnn, Truman Smith, Taliaferro, Francis Tho-
mas", Waddy Thompson, Ti'.linshast, Toland, Tnplett, Trum-
bull, Underwood, Peter J Wagnír, Wairen, Edward D. White,
Jo ,n White, Ttiomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams, Joseph
L. Williams, Christopher H. Williams, and Wothington—76.
Bo the last bianch of the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. CARTER inquired whether it was in order
now to offer an amendment.
The CHAIR replied that it was not, ihe previous
question having been called.
Mr. CARTE < asked the unanimous consent of
the House lo offer the following amendment, which
I was tead for information:
Provided, also, That said binks shall not be re-
quired to resume specie payments until the banks
of Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Virginia, shall
have resumed.
Objection was made.
The question then recured on the original
amendment, (offered by Mr. Petrikin ) It pro-
vides so to amend the bill as to make the president
and directors of each of said banks, jointly and se-
verally, in their individual capacity, liable for all
notes issued, or d -bts contracted by said banks re-
spectively, from and alter the day this act goes into
effect; that any president and directors making such
dividend should, in their individml capacities, be
liable for double ihe amount thereof en being sued,
etc., lhat no dividend ¡'hould be made during the
suspension of specie paym* nt ; and, also, that the
jun>dictan of justices of the peace be extended to
all actions a°amst said banks tor any amount not
exceeding one hundred dollars.
A division of th- question was ordered.
Mr. P. THOVJAS h ped the House would in-
dulge him with ihe permission to say a word of ex-
planation on this amendment.
Objection was made by several voices.
Mr. ADAMS called for a division of the ques-
tion.
And the question was then taken on the first
branch of the amendment, in the following words:
Providtd, also, That the president and directors ot
each of said banks shall he jointly and severally,
in their individual opacity, liable lor all notes
issued or debts contracted by said banks respec-
tively, from and alter the day this act goes into ef-
fect, to be recovered as other debts of like amount
may at ihe time be by law recoverable, and lesult-
ed in the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 90, as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Beauy, Black, Biackwell, Bovd, Burke, William O.
Butler, Carr, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Connor, Mark A.
Cooper, William R. Cooper, Craig, Crary, Dana, Davee, John
Davis, Doin, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine,
Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith, Gerry, Hammond, Hand,
John Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of North Carolina, Holleman,
Hook, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave
Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, Keim, Kille, Leadbetter, Leet, Leo-
nard, Lucas, McClellan, McKay, Marchand, Miller. Montanya,
Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parrish, Parris,
Paynter, Petnkin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Randen, Rey-
nolds, Rives, Robmnon, Edward Rogers, Ryall, Samuels,
Shaw, John Smiih, Thomas Smith, Starkweather, Steenrod,
Strong. Sumter, Swearingen, Taylor, Jacob Thompson, Tur-
ney, Vanderpoel, David D. Wagener, Wellei, Wick, Jared
W. Williams, and L Williams-92.
NAYS—Messrs Adams. John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Barnard, Beirne, Betl, B ts, Briggs, Brockway, Sampson H.
Butler, Bynum, Calhoun, Carroll, Carter, China. Clark, Crahb,
Cranston, Crockett, Cross, Üavies, Dawson, Deberry. Dea-
nes, Dellet, E [wards, bvans, Everett, James Garland, Gates,
Goagin, Griffin, Grinnell, Habeisham, Hawes. Henry, Hill
of Virginia, Hoffman, Hopkins. Hunt, James, Jenifer, Charles
Johns'on. Kemble, Kempshall, King, Lincoln, McCarty, McCul-
loch, Malloiy, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Morgan, Naylor, Nis-
bet, Ogle, Osborne, Palen, Peck, Pope, Randolph, Rayner,
Reed, Rhett, Ridgway, Russel, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simon-
ton. Slade, Truman Smith. Stutrt, Taliaferro, Francis Tho-
mas, Waddy Thompson, Tillinghast, Toland, Tnplett, Trum-
bull, Peter i. Wagner. Warren, Wettersort, Edward D.
White, JohnWhite, Thomas W. Williams, Joseph L. Wil-
liams, Christonher H.  Williams, and Worthingten—90.
So this branch of the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken on ihe next branch
of the amendment, in these words:
"And be it further provided, That said banks shall
not make any dividends during the time the said
banks shall refuse to pay all their liabilities in
specie on demand;" and u was passed in the affir-
mative—ayes 145, nays 25, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Adams, Judson Allen, John W. Allen, Jugh
J Anderson. Andrews, Atherton, Banks, Baker, Bestty, Beirne,
Black, Blackwell, Boyd, Brigs , Buike, Sampson H. Butler,
Bynum, CaUtoun, Widiam B. Campboll. Carr, Carter, Casey,
Chapman, Chinn, Chittenden, Clark. Cliffoid, Connor, William
R. Cooper, Cribb, Craig, Crary, Cross. Dana, Davee, Davie ,
John Davis, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dellet, Doan,
Dromgoole, Duncan, Eastman, Ely. Fine, Fiaher, Floyd, For-
nance, Gilbranh, James Gailand, Gates, Gerry, Goggin, Gra-
hasn, Graves, Gnffin Haber>-ham, Hand John Hastings, Hawes,
Hawkins, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hill of North Carolina, Hoi-
leman. Hook, Hubbard, Hunt, Jark^on, Jameson, Charles John-
ston, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John
W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kempshalt, Ki le, Leadbetter, Le f,
Leonard, Lincoln, Lucas, McClellan, McCulloch, McKay, Mal-
lory, Marchand, Marvin, Mason. Miller. Morsan, Naylor, New-
hard, Ogle, Parrish, Para enter, Parris, Paynter, Feck.Petrikuo,
Prentiss, Ramsey, Randolph, Rariden, Rayner, Reynolds,
Rhett, Ridgway,  Rives, Robinson,  Ryall,  Samuel , 8h*w
