CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
Simontoo, Slade, John Smith, Truman South, Thomas Smith,
Starkwe-tther. Steenrod, Strong, Stuart, ¡*umnter, ¡-wearmgen,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, Jacob Thomoson. T.iplett, Trumbull,
Turner, Underwood Vanderpoel, Wagener, Watlerson Weller,
John While, Jared W Williams, TiO'vasW \M.iams, Hen-
ry Williams Lewis Williams, and J T H Worthingtou—MS
NWS— >Wrs. Bimard, B««a, William O But ier, Carroll,
Mark A. Cooper, Crai.Mon, Edwards, Everett. Holmes, Jame*,
Jenifer, McCarty, Mitchell, Nisbet, Pope, Reed, Edward Rugers,
Ru  ll, SaltonsHll, Seigeait, Waddy Thompson, Toland,
Waso¿J5dward D Wnite, and Christopher H Williams—26.
¡So trie second branch ot the amendment was
agreed to.
The question was next on the third member of
Mid amendment, being so much as was contained
in these words:
"And the piendeat and directors of any of raid
banks, who shall make any such division of p ro-
fits, or declare any such dividends, or consent 10 or
Tote for the same, ¡shall be liable to pay doub'e the
amount of the sum so divided or declared, to be
recovered of them m their individual capacity, by
any person suing for the same, as debts of like
amount are recoverable; one half of said forfeiture
to go to the person *umg, and the other, halt to the
corporation where the said bank is locate!
"Sec. 2. And bt \t furthir entered, That justices
of the peace within the Dtsmct of Columbia shall
have jurisdiction in all actions of debt ajainst any
cf the banks whese charters are hereby extended,
for sums not exceeding one  hundred dolían-; and
no appeal, certiorari, or injunction, shall he allow-
ed, ¿ranted, issued, or direeted by any court wHhm
said District, unless an affidavit be first made and
filed in said court by the president or one or more
of the diiec ore of the bank so sued, that such an
appeal, certiorari, or injunction is not asked for the
purpose of delay, but because he or   th y be.ieve
there is a just deence on the merits, and that injus-
tice is likely to be done it said appeal, certiorari, or
injunction should not be granted."
The question was taken on the above branch, and
i wat agreed to by—jeas 94, nays 78, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Judson Allen, Hush J Anderson, Atbertnn,
Bants, Beany, Beirue, fllaik, UlarkweU. Boyd, Burke, Win.
O Butler, Bynum, Carr, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Connor,
Mark A Cooper, Wm R Cioper, Crabh, Craig, Dana, Davee,
John Dana, Doan, Dremgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely,
Fine.Floyd, Fornance, Galbra th. Gerry, Hammond, Hand, J
Hastings, Hawki a, Hill <>fN C Holleirun, Hook. Jackson,.la
Dieaoo, Joseph Johnson, Care Johnson. Nathaniel Jones. J W.
Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kille, Lead etter, L ei. Lucas. M< Cie'-
hn, McCalloch, McKay, Marchand, ¡Miller Monunya, Mont-
gomery, S. W. Morns, Newhard, Parrish, Pannenter, Parns,
Paynter, Patrikin, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rives, (lobin-
són, E. Rogers, RyalI, Samuels, Shaw, John South, Thomas
Smith, Steei.rod Strong, Sumier, Swearingen. Taylor, Francis
Tilomas, Jacob Thompson, Turney, VanderpoehW.ieener, Wat-
terson, Weller, Wick, J. W. Williams, Henry Williams, Lewis
Williams, and Worthing on—94.
NAYS—Me«srs J Q, A tarns, J W Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Barnard, Bell, Butts, Br/egs. Brock way, Calhoun. William B
Campbell, Car'oll, Carter, Chmn, Chutenden, ClarkvCranston,
Cross, Edw Davias, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberrv, Dennis,
Dellet, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Fisher, J Garland, Gates, Gog
am, Graham, Griffin. Onunell, Habersham Hawes Henry, Hill
of Va Hoffman, Hunt, James, Jenifer, Charles Johnston, Wm
C Johnson, Kemp¿hall, King Lincoln. McCarty, Malory, Ma
■on. Morgan, Ni-bet, Ogle, Osborne Palen, Peck, Pope, Ran
dolph, Reed, Ridgway, Russell, Saltonstall, Sergeant, Simor-
too, Slade, Truman Smith, Stuart, Waddy Thompson, Tilhna
hast. Toland, Trroleit, P J Wazner, Warren, E D White, J
White, Thos. W Williams, and C. H. WHIwms-78
So the last branch ot Mr. Petri kin's amendment
was agreed to.
And the qiestion then recurring on the adoption
of the amen 1 merit a? amended—
Mr. WM. COST JOHNSON (on leave) moved
to lay the bill on the table. He sh>uld regard the
vote on this motion, he said, as a te.-t vole; and he
had submitted in order that he might, if the motion
prevailed, introduce the bill heretofore reported from
the Committee for the District of Columbia of this
House, to continue the corporate existence of the
banks of the Di«tnct of Columbia to the 4th of
March next, and until further legislations provided
that the said bank* resume specie pajmenis when a
majority of the bank* of Pennsylvania, Maryland,
and Viwima,-should da so.
Mr. TURNEY then gave notice that he should
object io the introduction of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON thereupon said, that as it would
require a vote of t wo-ihirds to get in the bill, and as
he had no hope of success in such an effort, he
would withdraw his motion to lay the present bill
os the table.
And the question ag in recurring on the adoption
of the amendment a* amended—
Mr* McKAY asked Mich a division of the ques-
tion as would embrace Mr. M. A. Coops '* propo-
sition to restrict the issue of notes to a denomination
of not le«s (han $10, and to cause the charters to be
forfeited on refusal or failure to pay specie.
Mr. ANDítfaiWá submitted that the question of
the adoption of the amendment, as amended, could
noi be divided.
The CHAIR decided that it could.
Mr ANDREWS appealed from the deciden
Mr. GRAVES asked the yetó and nays; which
were not ord^ied.
The House was here in a great state of confu-
sion.
The CHAIR said he would call gentlemen by
their names unWss  they took th~ir s-ats, and he
wai responded to by several voices,' do it, do it "
Something like order havirjg, in a few moments,
been restored,
The CHAIR stated the ground of his decision,
lhat adivWonof an amendment, as amended, could
be ordered.
«* Some conversation look place on a point of or-
der between the CHAIR and Mr. GRAVES.
Mr. ANDREWS wished to be informed what
would be the effect if the House were to negative
the amendment as amendeJ, alter having once
agreed to it.
~The CHAIR said the effect would be that that
part of the amendment a  amended would not be
agreed to.     '
And the question, "Shall the decision of the
Chair s'and as the jadement of the Hous*-'?" was
thtn taken, and decided (by tellers) m the affirma-
tive—ayes 94, noes 31.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The Clerk bavins then again leau the division,
called for by Mr. KcKay,
Mr. GRAVES.under the decis on recently made,
called for a division on every district branth of
the amendment as amended; and the Chair ordered
it.
And the CHAIR announced the first branch to
be on that part of the amendment, as amended,
which was in the following words, viz:
"Providtd, That iaid banks shall not i^sne notes
under ten dollars."
The question was taken by yeas and says, and it
was agreed to—yeas 96, nays *6, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Judson Allen, Atherton, Banks, Beatty,
Beirne B'aek, Blackwell Boyd, B"'.", Bynum, Carr, ( arroll,
Casey, ChapmHn, Clifford, Connor, Mark A Cooper, William
R. Cooper  Craig, Crary. Dana, Davee, John Davis, ]>>an,
Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Pine, Fisher, Floyd, Fornance,
Galbiauh, Gerry Griffin, Hammond, ITarnl, Tohn Hastings,
Hawkins, John Hillof North Carolina Holletnon, Hook, Hub
bard, Jackson, Jameson. Joseph Johnson. Cave Johnson Na-
than el J loes John W. Jonei, K im Kunble, Kille, Leet,
Leonard. Lucas, McClellan, McCidlnrti McKay, Man hand,
Miller, Montgomery, Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parmh,
Parmenter, Partis, Paymer, Petnkin, Prentiss, Reynolds,
Rives, R.tbin«un, Edward Rogéis, J mes R"*ger«, Kyall,
Samtiefs, Shaw, Shepard, John Smith, Thornis Smith Stark
weather, S.eenrod, Strong, Sampler, Taylor, Francis Thomas,
Jacob Thompson, Turney, Vjnderpoel^ Wagenir, Wailerson,
Weller, Wtrk, Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, and
Worihington—96
NAYS—Messrs Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Bimard, Bell, Bolts Buggs, Brockway, Calhoun, Carter, Clark,
Cralib, Cranston, Crockett, Davies Garret Dav ii, Dawwn, De
berry,Dennis, Dellet, Edwards, Evans, Everett, Jumes Garland,
Gates, Goggin, Graham, Grave*, Green, Gnnnell, Habersham,
Hawes, Henry,John Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, HunuJanvs,
Jenifer, Charleo Johnston, Wm Cost Johnson Kempshall King,
L ncoln, McCar'y, Ma">on, Monroe, Morgan Naylor, Ozle,
0->borne. Palen, Peck Pope Randolph, Raytier, Rnlgway, Rus.
sell, Saltonstal!, Sereeam. Sinonton, Slade, Tinman Smith,
Smart, Sweanngen Waddy Thompson, Til mgliast Toland,
Tnplett, Underwood, Wagner, Warren John White, Thomas W.
Williams, Lewis Williams, and Joseph L. Williams—76
So this biaifchot the amendment as amended
was <*greeJ to.
The CHAIR announced the quesiion to be on the
fifth branch cf the amendment as amended in the
following words, viz:
"Provided, aho, lhat their notes at all times shall
be redeemable by specie, or on failure thereof their
charters shall be forfeited "
The question was taken on the adoption of this
branch, and agreed to—yeas 101, nays 73, as fol-
Io«vQ:
YE 4.8—Messrs. Judson Allen, Hueh J Anderson, A herton.
Banks, Beatty, Beirne. Black, Black well, Boyd, S II Butler,
William O Butler. Bynum, Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman,
Clifford, Connor, Maik A Cooper Craie, Crary, Cross, l>ana,
Davee, J. Dme,D>an, Duncan, Earl, Eisiman, Ely, Fine, Fi-h-
tr, Floyd, Fornance, Gilbraith, Gerry, Hammond, Hand, John
Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Holleman,
H,)Ok, Hmbard, Jackson, Jameson. Joseph lohnson, Cave
Jihnson, Nathaniel lines, John W. Jones Keim, Kemble
Kdle, Leailbetter. L * , Leonard, Lucas, McClellan, McCiillm h,
McKay, Marchand, Miller, Montgomery, Samuel W, Murria,
Newhard, Ogle, Parrish, Parmenter, Parri , Paynugt premisa,
Bayner, Reynolds, Rives, Robmson, Edward Rogers, Jame " Ro-
gers, Kyali, Samuels, Shaw, John Smith, TtommrMmtotftork-
~......-— "---■'-                          -                   "■■-■--> Jacob
Tattar-
W ir hmgton—10]
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, John W. Allen, Andrews, Baker,
Bimard, Bell, Botts, Briggs Brockway, Calhoun,Carter,Chmn,
J;'"* Wm R Cooper, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett E.Davjea,
G D8Vis,Dawson,Deberry,Denms, Dellet, Edwards. Evan , Rve-
rett, James Gailand, Goggin, Graham, Greerr, Griffin, Grrlntlell,
Habersham, Hawes, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoffman, Huat,
James, Jamler, Charles Johnston, William Cost Johnaoo, King,
Lincoln, McCarty, Monroe, Morgan, Níylor, Oabawe, Palen,
Peck, Pope, Reed, Ridgway, Russ« 1, «sltonsrall, Retgeam, Si-
monton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stuart, Francis Thomas, Wad-
dy Thompson, Tillmghast, Toland, Tnplett, Tremball, Peter
J Wagner, Edwaid D White, John White, Thomae W. Wil-
liams, and Lewis Williams—73.
S) this branch of the amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken on the sixth mem-
ber of the said amendment, being the proviso, that,
ib case the said banks should refuse to pay specie
on demand, persons so concerned thould have re-
medy by judgment and execution at kw", on ten
dayb' nonce, before any justice of the peace of
said District
Mr. HOLLEMAN hoped the yeas and nays
would be dispen-ed with. They had already been
taken on the«e various propositions.
Mr. MORGAN hoped that the decision Which
had been made would be carried out.
The CHAIR saiá that, by general consent, the
yeas and navs might be dispensed with.
Mr. OGLE objected
And the question being taken on the above
amendment, the vote stood—yeas 83, nays 70, as
follows:
NAYS—Messrs Judson Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Athertpn,
Beatty, Black, Blackwell, Boyd, ¿Inert G. Brown, Bufte,
William O Butler, Bynum, Carr, Casey, Chapmati, dmbrd,
Connor, Mark A. Cooper, Wm. R. Cooper, Crabb, CrmJg,
Crary, Dana, John Davis, Doan. Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fmo,
Floyd, Gerry, Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of North
Carolina, Hillen, Holleman,Hook, Hubbard, Jackson, Jame-
son, Joseph Johnson. Cave Johnson, [Nathaniel Jone , John W.
Jones, Keim, Kille, Leailbetter, Leet, Lucas, McClellan, Mc-
Citllofh. Mallory, Marchand, Miller, Montgomery, Samuel W.
Mv.rns, Newhard, Parrish, Parmenter, Parns, Paymer, Pren-
tiis. Reynolds, Rives, Hobmcon, Edward Rogers, Joe Rogers,
Ryall, Samuels, Shaw, Jehn Smith, Thos. Smith, Starkweather,
Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Sweanngen,Taylor, Jacob Thomp-
son, Turney, Vanderpoel, David D Wagener, Waitersoo,
Weller, Wick, Jared W. Williams, and Henry Willwm«—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Andrews, Banks, Baker, Bimard,
Bell, Botts, Bnsgs, Brockway, Calhoun, Carter, China, Clark,
Cranston, Crockett, Cross, Edward Davies, Garret Davis,
Dawson, Deberry. Uenni , Edwards, Gvaas, Everett, Galbraith,
James Garland, Gates, Goggin, Graham, Graves. Green, Unf-
fin.Grinnell, Habersham, Hawes, Henry, Hill of Virginia, Hoff-
man, Hunt, James Jenifer, Charles Johnston, Kemble,
Kemrwhdll, King, Lincoln, Monroe, Morgan, Ogle, Pa-
len, Peck, Peinkin, Pope. Randolph, Rayner, Reed, Ridg-
wav, Russell, ballonstall, Sergeant, Simotiton. Truman Smith,
Stuar', Francis 1 homas, Tillinghast, Toland, Peter J. Wag-
ner, Edward D White, Thomas W. William , Lewis Wfl.
liams, and Joseph L. Williams—70.
So the last br.inch was agreed to.
And the question next recurring was on order-
ing the amendments to be engrossed, and the bill to
a third reading-
Mr. TILLINGHAST sent the following amend-
ment to the Clerk's table. It was read for infor-
mation, but declared out of order, the previous
question having been ordered;
'Providtd, however, That the new provisions,
penAliLs, and forfeitures herein enacted, w relation
to the payment of spicie on notes and obligations
of said banks now outstanding, shall be ¡m (force
trom and after the first day of October next, and
not before; but, in the mean time, the said bfknfes
sha'l be, in all rtspects, subject to the existing
laws, and to all the other previsions of their respec-
tive chatters, providing remedies in caseofjtbe
non-performance of any contract or obligation."
So the question again recurring on ordering The
amendments—
Mr. CUSHING asked to be excused from voting,
and proceeded to assign bis reasons why he. could
not vote either on one side or the ether.
In doing so, he was interrupted by Messrs.
CLIFFORD, VANDERPOEL, and TURNEY,
on the ground that he was making an artament,
and not assigning brief vetbal reasons as prescribed
by the ruje.
Mr C. insisted on his privilege. Some little
confusion followed on the question of order.
And the CHAIR had just expressed the opmwn
that Mr. Cushinq was «oing to the extreme ©^ his
priyiiege—thai the Qui* had not thai fa/, how.
