CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
503
The CHAIR submitted a report from the Secre-
tary of Slate, transmitting a statement of the num-
ber and designation of passengers arriving in each
collection divtnct of the United Sutes, fiom foreign
countries, daring (he last year.
On motion by Mr. PIERCE, the report ef the
Committee on Pensions, m the case of Wilfred
Knott, was recommitted to said committee.
The resolution submitted by Mr. Ruckles on
Wednesday, requesting the President of the united
Rates to communicate a copy of the British report
and survey on the subject of the Northeastern
boundary, was taken up for consideration.
Mr. BUCHANAN hoped that the Senator who
introduced this resolution would permit it to lie
over until Monday. In the mean time he would
preen re the map and document from the committee
on Foreign Relations of the House, to which it had
been transmitted after examination by the commit-
tee of the Senate, when it would be accessible to
the Senator from Maine and every other Senator
of the body. The delicacy of adopting the resolu-
tion consisted in this: whether we should publish
in this country, and by theo.der of this body, a do-
cument which had been transmitted to the Execu-
tive of this country from a feeling of courtesy by
the British Government, before it had been pub-
lished or even tracsmitted to Parliament by that
Government.
Mr. RUGGLE3 said he did not ask the adoption
of this resolution for hi* own gratification, but he
considered it a matter of vital importance to his
State, and one on which they had a right to hare all
the informa ion in our power to give.
Mr. BUCHANAN repl ed that it was no secret
communication at all; but it «as a document which
the British Government said that they had not yet
lai J before Parliament, nor taken any action upon;
and it was communicated to us in that way simply
as an act of courtesy. He did not know that there
would be any great objection to laying it be-
fore the Senate; but he spoke with knowledge
when he said that many times, and oft, the
Government of the United Sta'es had been pre-
vented from receiving impomnt infórmate n
from its agents abroad, because of the know-
kde that it would be made public. Now in this
ease h* would communicate th s document to the
gentleman with the greatest pleasure; it had already
been communicated to the committee of the other
House, and he should have t very opportunity to
examine it. Mr. B. hoped that the resolution would
be laid on the table until Monday.
Mr. ALLEN said lucre «as a manifest im-
propriety in adopting this resolution, especially as
the action of the Senate, even so far, on this map
and report, would give them a sort of sane'ion
which ought not to be given them, whi'e it was
known (hat they had not been accepted by the
British Government, and no intimation had been
given that they would be adhered to. Mr. A.
therefore moved to lay the resolution finally on the
tablt; but, on its being observed that Mr. Buciu-
ma« bad left the Senate, and might wish to say
something further on the subject on Monday, Mr.
A- withdrew hi* motion, and,
Mr. RUGQLE3 assenting, the resolution was
accordingly ¡aid on the table until Monday.
The resolution submitted some days since by
Mr. Walur, for the appointment of a select com-
mittee to take into consideration the propr.ety of
appointing Reporters for the Senate, was taken up.
Mr. WALKER said that, since offering this Re-
solution, be had obtained some information as re-
gards reporting in the French Chamber of Depu-
ties, and more especially as regards the British Par-
liament. He found that the cost of each Repot ter
varied from five to about eight guineas a week, and
consequently the cost would be much less than be
had supposed when be last addressed the Senate.
He had no doubt that the services of competent
reporters could be obtained at a cost not exceeding
the per diem of a member of Congress for each,
and that four of them would be enough to make
fall reports of the debates. He thought it would
do no harm, at all events, to refer tnis inquiry to a
select committee, and be hoped that no objection
would be made to thatc nrse.
The resolution  was agreed  to, and  Mesus.
Walker, Lumpkin, Pierce, Smith of Indiana, and
Huntington weie appointed the Committee.
MEETING Of CONGRESS.
The joint resolution submitted by Mr. Norvsll,
fixiag the day for the meeting of the next ¡ ek&ion
of Congress, being taken up,
Mr. NORV ELL. said that he had asked leave,
some time ago, to introduce this bill. The subject
of a general revision of the tariff would come up
at the next session of Congress. The session would, •
he apprehended, be too short to enab'e us to acl
upon such an important measure with sufficient
maturity of judgment aud del Deration to secure
the establishment of a system of duties and im-
posts satislactory to all parts of fie Union, and re-
conciling the revenue purposes of a tariff with the
individual protection which may be afforded by it
to manufactures requiring protection. Ii jvas un-
der tbete impressions that he had submiited the
bill: but he knew mat sectional objections existed
t  an earlier meeting of Coogrevs than the nm
Monday of December. Southern gentlemen (cot-
ton planters) were unwilling to leave their homes
in the midkt of gathering in their crops. He
should, therefore, not press the passage of the bill.
Mr. CALHOUN said, as a Southern planter, it
would be exceedingly incom enient fcr biui to come
here earlier than December. Every person ac-
quainted with their business knows that the month
of October and ear'y part of November are the bu-
s est portion of th  year to \b>i cotton planter.
From the lateness of the period at which Congress
would adjourn, the recess, even under the present
arrange nent, would be necessarily a brief one. He
heped, therefore, that the Senator from Michigan
would consent that this resolution should be laid
upon the table; which was accordingly done.
ORDERS OF THE DAY.
The bill to establish and regulate the navy ra-
tion was taken up as in committee of the whole,
and after being explained by Mr. WILLIAMS,
was ordered to be engrossed lor a third reading.
The bill for the relief of Hugh Stewart was ta-
ken up as in committee of the whole, and after
being explained by Mr. HUBBARD, was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading.
The bill authorizing the inhabitants of fractional
township ten south, of lange one east, in the State
of Arkansas, to enter one half section of land for
school purposes, after some explanation by Mr.
FULTON, was ordered tobe engrossed.
The bill for the relief of Don Carlos Dehault
DelassHs, late Spanish Lieutenant Governor of the
fort and district of Baton Rouge, in West Florida,
was, on motion of Mr. NORVELL, indefinitely
postponed.
The bill Telative to the transportation of the mail
in steamboats, was explained by Mr. ROBINSON,
and ordered to be engrossed.
The bil tor the relief of James Herrón was ex-
plained by Mr. STRANGE, and ordered to be en-
grossed.
The act from 'he House fcr the relief of Captain
John Downes, after being explained by Mr. HUB-
BARD, was ordered to a third reading.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, the act from the
Housj for the relief of John Mitchell and B. F.
Fox was taken up, and after explanation by Mr.
H. was ordered to a third reading.
An act from the House to annex a certain tract
of land to the Coosa land district, was ordered to a
third reading.
An acl from the House allowing further time to
the trustees of Centre College to dispose of the land
heretofore granted to the deaf and dumb asylum in
the State of Kentucky, was taken up, and after be-
ing explained by Mr. WALKER, was ordered to
a third reading.                                  „
An act from the House granting a section of
land for the nse of schools m St. Cla>r county,
State of Illinois, was considered as in committee
of the whole, and ordered to a third reading.
An act from the House granting two townships
of land for the use of the University in the Territo-
ry of Iowa, was taken up, and explained by Messrs.
WALKER AND NORVELL, and, after a dis-
cussion, in which Messrs. FULTON, STRANGE,
DAVIS, CALHOUN, CLAY of  Alabama, and
HUBBARD, participated, was ordered to  be en-
grossed for a third reading.
COLLECTION OF THE REVENUE.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
to ensure the more faithful execution of the laws in
the collection of duties on imports, the question
still being on Mr. Huntington's amendment, de-
claring any witness incompetent who should have
any interest in the cause similai to that of the par-
ty for whom he might testify, which was discussed
1 at leaeih by Messrs. HUNTINGTON, WRIGHT,
i and HENDEllSON.
!/\                DISTRICT BANKS.
< Mr CLAY of Alabama asked that a bill now on
the Secreta rt*s table to prolong the corporate ex-
istence of the banks of the District, should be ta-
ken up.
The CHAIR suggested that there was a bill al-
ready before the Senate which must be first dis-
posed of.
Mr. WRIGHT said if the object was merely to
refer the bill to a committee, be would not object;
but if it was to interfere with the bill on the collec-
tion of the revenue, he was against it.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said that if the bill was
not acted on to-day, there would be no use in pass-
ing it, as the charters of the banks would expira
by limitation at 13 o'clock to-night. He would
therefore move to lay the bill now before the Se-
nate on the table; which was agreed to—ayes 23,
nays 11, as follows:^.
YEAS—Messrs^lay of Alabama, Clay of
Kentucky, Clajton, Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Hen-
derson, Huntington,King, Knight, Montón, Nicho-
las, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Roane, Ruggles,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Strange, Sturgeon,
White, andYoung—23.                                    *~
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Hub-
bard, Lumpkin, Norvell, Robinson, Smith of Con-
rwicut, Tappan, Walker, and Wright—11.
The bill was then taken up, read a first time,
and ordered to a second reading.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama «aid it was very clear
to his mind, that it was due to the people of this
District that some bill of the kind should be passed.
The Senate had already passed one bill 4hat had
been rejected in the other House, and this one, more
severe in its restrictions on the banks,had been sent
in its stead. As this was the day in which the charters
of these institutions expired,and the last day on which
the legislation of Congress could be of any effectual
service to them, he hoped there would be no ob-
jection to passing the bill through at once. He
therefore moved that it have its second reading
now.
Mr. WRIGHT observed that it would require
the unanimous consent of the Senate.
Mr. ALLEN objected. He couH not give his
consent to the charter of suspended banks. He was
unwilling to legalize their violations of the laws.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama asked if the rule could
not be suspended.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky said there was one way,
and that was, to suspend the rule (which he maintain-
ed was no more than a rule) which required
one day'- notice for a resolution to alter the rules;
and he would submit it to the Senator from Ala-
bama whether he was not warranted in this case
in resorting to that expedient.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said the Senator from
Kentucky misunderstood him if he supposed that
he had any especial charge of this business. He
thought it however very extraordinary that any in-
dividual member could defeat an important mea-
sure, and he would accordingly move to suspend
the rale.
Mr. ALLEN was understood to ask if that mo-
tion was in order.
The PRESIDENT decided that in his opinion it
was not in order. He thought any rule could not
be suspended without one day's notice.
Mr. WALKER said that in no case had the rule
ever been suspended but by unanimous consent.
The Senator from Missouii would recollect a
case in the session of 1832 3 in which he (Mr. W.)
and that Senator were much interested in getting a
bill through the Senate in order that it might be
sent to the President that day, and the rale was en-
lorced on them.   He recollected that it was op-
