CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
y
'y

«' Mr. Walker submitted the following motion,
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
" Rtsalvtd, That the sixteenth and seventeenth
joint rules be suspended for the remaindar of the
present called session.
'"Ordené, That the Secretary request the con-
currence of the House of Representatives therein."
Then, sir, upon that question, there was not one
single Senator, as far as my knowledge extends,
who believed that, without unanimous consent, the
rules could be changed without" the one day's no-
tice which had been given in that case. The Se-
nator from Missouri and myself were excsedingly
anxious that this rule should be suspended to per-
mit that particular bill to be presented to the Pre-
sident—yet there .was not a single Senator that
had a doubt of the correctness of the decision of the
Chair.
Under these circumstances, I shall vote for sus-
taining the decision of the Chair. If there is a bill
brought forward to permit these corporations to sue
and be sued, (such a one as was presented by the
Senator from Ohio,) I will cheerfully support it.
If the object is to get up such a bill, I ventare to
assert that there would be no objection on this side
of the chamber.
Mr. WHITE said that the rules of the Senate
were adopted every session, and the .same power
which adopted, could modify or abrogate them at
its pleasure. It had been frequently asserted in the
discussion that the roles of the body were designed
for the protection of the minority. This he denied.
The protection thus afforded was only incidental.
They were framed for the regulation of our pro-
ceedings and the guidance of our presiding officer^
>""Mt. ALLEN said that the charters of all thVse
* banks expired prior to the 4th of July, 1840. On
the 31st day of May, 1838, the Congress of the
united States extended their then unexpired charters
to the 4ih of July, 1840, upon three conditions:
"Provided [reading from the law] that said banks,
each for itself,"shall conform to the following con-
ditions." The third condition was, that they should
resume specie payments on or before the first day
of January, 1839, or sooner, if the principal batiks
of Maryland and Virginia should resume before
that day. This was the condition precedent, which
was not fulfilled. The banks had expired under
the limitations of their charters. They could de-
rive ufe from no other circumstance but by compli-
ance with the three conditions imposed on them by
Congress. There was not a lawyer in existence
who, if asked whether these banki were in legal
existence, would not be compelled in his conscience
to answer that they were no . These things had
passed over, aHd though the banks were notorious-
ly In a state of suspension, and the Secre-
tary of • the Treasury had laid on their ta-
bles the statement of that fact, they came
before Congress asking for mere charters, and to
legalize their violations of the law. Now if this
bill was only for the purpose of saving and en-
forcing the obligations of their debtors, no objec-
tion would be made on t^at side of the chamber to
the rapidity with which it was proposed to hurry it
through both Houses of Congress; but it was pro-
posed to do an act that the annals of no legislative
body on earth furnished a parallel for, and in
doing so to disregard one of the solemn rules of
the Senate. If this were a question of peace or
war, to defend the country from threatened inva-
sion, greater hurry could not be made; but it was
to charter banks that were existing contrary to law,
to legalize their irredeemab'e paper, and turn them
loose on the country to inflict what injuries their
avarice and cupidity might devise. It was the
banking feature of this bill which induced him to
raise his voice to arrest its passage through the
House; and he now said to its friends, that if they
would present a joint resolution to give these banks
any time they*pleased to wind up their concerns, to
save their suits from abatement, but withholding
the power if issuing notes and banking, he would
make no objection to it. It was to save the rights
of others that he thus acted. If gentlemen were
serious in their desire to save the rights of those
banks, and they believed that that could only be
done by passing a Jaw to-day, let them bring for-
ward a measure of this kind, and he would ensure
its^cdoptipiyf
rMr.   T1ENDERSON   said   (hat,   upon   in-
vestigation, he was convinced the decisiou of the
Chair was a correct one, and that the resolution
must lie over one day, unless unanimous consent
was- given to its consideration at the present time.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he felt bound to
state, that, from a further examination,' he was
oonvinced that the motion made by him was un-
tenable, and from a sense of duty to the body
he  felt constrained  to withdraw it.    He could
not, however, agree in the opinion expressed by the
Senator from New Jersey [Mr. Wall] that no in-
jury could result to these institutions, or to the
community, by not acting on this bill to-day; but
however much he might deprecate the result, bis
sense of duty compelled him to withdraw the mo-
tion he had made.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky:   Then I renew it.
Mr. TAPPAN demanded the ayes and noes.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky then modified his mo-
tion in the following words:
"A motion was made by Mr. Clay of Kentucky to suspend
1   the 26th rule oí' the Senate so far as to let the bill, entitled ' An
act to continue the corporate existence of certain banks in the
^District of Columbia,'  receive its second and thud  reading
to-day.
"The President pro tempore decided that themotion was out
of order, and could not be received and acted on today,     v
"From that decision Mr. Clay of Kentucky appealed."^
/Mr. WALKER begged leave to make d\rfe sug-
gestion. The object was to continue the charters of
these corporations, for the purpose of winding up
their concerns, and enable them to maintain suits.
Now, so far from objecting to a bill such as this, he
was in favor of it. It was precisely such a resolu-
tion as was offered by the Senator from Orno, [Mr.
Tappan,] and which was voted down by the adop-
tion of a substitute. Though he had no right to
speak for others, he thought he could say that if
such a resolution as that should be offered, no ob-
jection would be made to it on this side of the
House. Then if this great injury was to occur, of
which gentlemen spoke, why not pass such a reso-
lution now? It could be done in ten minutes. He
hoped that if Senators thought that this great in-
jury was to occur from the want of action of the
Senate upon this day, they would bring forward
such a resolution, and that it would be permitted to
by unanimous consent^/
NORVELL demantfed the yeas and nays on
ppeal; which were ordered.                           J\
Mr. CLAYTON said, as ir was prrobable in this
vote he would act in opposition to that portion of
the Senate with whom be generally acted, he would
state in a few words the considerations which go-
verned his vote. He was as anxious that this bill
should be taken up and acted on as any member of
the Senate; but this he felt to be impracticable at
the present moment. The Senate can only act by
order or resolution, and resolutions are moved and
seconded by individual Senators. The act of the
individual is a motion, but by the action of the Se-
nate it is a resolution, and is so entered on your
journals. It was therefore palpable that the
motion of the Senator from Kentucky was a resolu-
tion, within the meaning of the term, and that con.
sequently, under the rule, it must lie over. Mr.
C. proceeded to show that if the charters of these
institutions were not renewed or prolonged to day,
they mast necessarily be defunct; and with a view
of avoiding the inconvenience and distress to which
such ¿an event would subject many of the ci-
tizens of the District, he hoped the proposition
of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Allen] could be
acceded to. There was a strong disposition mani-
fest in various parts of the Senate to carry this
bill; but if there was a majority of four-fifths in its
favor, it was in the power of the minority, and
would certainly be defeated.
Mr. BENTON observed that be had listened
with great attention to what had fallen from the
several gentlemen who had addressed the Senate
ki the course of this debate, and especially to the
gentleman who spoke last [Mr. Clayton] whose
remarks he had heard with great satisfaction. He
looked upon the present motion as revolutionary
and disorganizing in its character, and as going to
the dissolution of the Senate. He Jooked upon it
(if it should be adopted) as the mere whin  of the
^
moment of the majority for the time being, and to
do what was proposed to be done, would' be re
duciog themselves to a mere club to act a<¡ t
pleased at its own will. He had sat silent and
looked upon the progress of the bill with *nu
confidence that it could not succeed; and the longer
it continued the farther gentlemen would be from
the object they had in view. He looked upon the
consequences of chartering these banks as nothing
compared with the effect that the violation of their
rules and proceedings would have upon their owa
character and conduct. Should they decide that
the majority for the time being should do what it
pleased, without regard to their rules of proceedings
wherein would they differ from the French Na-
tional Convention? Did they not know how this
body proceeded? [Here Mr. B. quoted some his-
torical facts showing how it, in repeated instance ,
violated every principle of law and justice.]
We do not, said Mr. B. propose to come to these
bold results, bet we propose to rush on with the
rapidity of the French National Covention, sponge
out the rules, and enable a majority for the lime
being to do what it pleases. This would be bad
enough when the Senate was full; bat how would
it be at the end of the session, with a bare quorum
of twenty-seven members present? Then tourteen
would bs a majority sufficient, according to the
doctrines maintained here to-day, to sponge oat
all the rulf-- which regulated the proceedings of the
body. He was glad to see the stand taken against
the mct'on, a. >1 was proud to hear what had fallen
from the Senator from Delaware on the subject.
Now one word a? to the bill before them. The
whole idea cf forcing it through in this hurried
manner was farcical in the extreme. He felt him-
self to be good for one half of the time that was yet
left, and there were Senators enough near him who
would not fail in doing their part. If the Senate
would act up to its own gravity and take up the
proposition that had been made to enable these
banks to wind up their concerns without banking
or issuing notes, it could be done in ten minutes;
but the idea of forcing them through in the manner
proposed was laughable in the extreme.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana briefly assigned his rea-
sons why he should vote to sustain the appeal from
the decision of the Chair, and the question being
taken, shall the decision of the Chair be sustained
as the opinion of the Senate, it was decided in the
affirmaúve—ayes 24, noes 8, as follows^
]/ YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Gal-
noun, Clay of Alabama, Clayton, Fulton, Hen-
derson, Hubbard, Linn, Lumpkin, Moulon, Ni-
cholas, Nor veil, Roane, Robinson, Smith of Con-
necticut, Strange,  Sturgeon,   Tappan,   Walker,
.Wail, Williams, and Wright—24.
N- NAYS—Messrs. Clay of Kentucky, Davis,
Dixon, Huntington, Porter, Smith of Indiana,
Southard, and White—8.
* Mr. WRIGHT, to show that he had no disposi-
tion to forfeit the rights of these institutions, wonld
make a proposition that he hoped would be accepta-
ble to the Senate. It was this: if the Senate would
agree to strike out all of the bill as it came from
the House, after the first proviso, it would be per-
fectly agreeable to him, and he believed to a ma-
jority of the Senate, and he would withdraw all
objection to it.
Here the Seeretary read the part of the bul pro-
posed by Mr. Wright, as follows:
Be it enacted by the Senate and Howe of Re/ran-
Wives, Sec.  That the provisions, restrictions, and
enactments of the act of Congress of the 25th ,
May, 1838, entitled "An act to extend the charter
of the Union Bank of Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia," be, and  the same are hereby ex-*
tended to the Farmers' and Mechanics   Bank ef ■
Georgetown, the Bank of Metropolis, the Bank of
Washington, the Patriotic Bank of Washington;
the Bank of the Potomac, and the Farmers' Bank
of Alexandria; Provided, That whenever in the
original act the 1st of July, 1838, occurs, it shall be
so construed as to mean the 4th of July, 1840;
and whenever the 1st of July, 1842, occurs, it shall
be construed to mean the 4tn of July, 1844.
Mr. ALLEN objected to the second reading,
unless gentlemen on the other side would give   .
