IPfp
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
509
Mr. McKAY, on leave, presented certain joint
jtsclutions requiring the Attorney General to ex-
hume into thte validity of lides to all land^ pur-
chased Tor the parpóse of erecting arsenals and pub-
lic bnildiogs; which were referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL\
The Hou«e again went into Committee V>f th^
Whole on the ftate of the Union, (Mr. Lincoln
Massachusetts in the chair.) on the bill ma
ippropriations lor the naval service for thenar
1840.                                                              J
The pending question being on the motion of Mr.
Adams to (.tiike out from the tail end of the general
lttrm which appropriates $450,000 to delray tne
eipenws of freight and irauspoitation, stores and
material*, wharfage and dockage, and many other
ihiogs, the restrictive words "and for no other ob-
ject or purpo«e whatever,"
Mr. ADAMS resumed his remarks, but instead
of confining himself to the bill before i he commit-
tee, struck off into an invective against the Inde-
pendent Treasury bill, for which he was called to
order by Mr. JONES of New York, and others.
After a few more remarks from Mr. ADAMS,
Mr. JONES replied briefly to Mr. A. He vin-
dicated the correctness of the present item in form,
contending that it was strictly in accordance with
that of former bills. After the six. weeks' debate
which had taken place on the Sub-Treasury, he
most, he said, decline to follow the gentleman into
mat subject.
Mr. McKAY contended that it was highly ne-
cessary .o specify the objects to which appropria-
tions were to be applied. He argued that, if such
specifications were not made, then the Secretary of
toe Navy would have the power to apply the mo-
ney to any other object connected with the De-
partment. Mr. McK. referred to the bill m-okmg
appropriations for the contingent expenses of the
tiro Hooses of Congress as a parallel case, and in
which specifications were also made.
Mr. EVERETT made some remarks demon-
strating that the public money of the country was
now at the disposition of the Executive.
Mr. CUSH1NG said that he concurred entirely
with b¡s colleague [Mr. Adams] in the remarks he
bad made. Without entering into the question at
present himself, he (Mr. C.) wished to embrace the
occasion to ask of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means an explanation, which he pre-
pared, that gentlemen would read A y give, in re-
gard to a portion of the debate on the Independent
Treasury bill. Mr. C. understood that Mr. Jones
had in his speech, assumed that the opponents of
the bill had not objected to its provisions or want
of constitutionality. Mr. C. said that he himself
bad argued the very question ot the unconstitution-
al nature and eflect of the first section of the bill,
which localizes the Treasury of the United States-;
tad be appealed to the gentleman from Virginia
[Mr. Jones] to have the matter stand right before
the House and the country.
Mr. JONES of Virgmia replied. He said: when
the gentleman from Massachusetts delivered his
speech in opposition the Sub-Treasury bill, I was
confined to my bed from severe indisposition. For
two weeks I was incapacitated from at ending- the
Hoofce. His arguments I did not hear, and as
they have not been published, or at least if they
have been published I have not seen them, I have
been nnable to learn what they were. Since my
health would permit, 1 have been constant in my
attendance to the debate, and at no time did I hear
any remark made on the constitutionality of the
pnncples of the bill. The constitutionality of the
measure proposed was apparently asumed by one
side, and left unquestioned by the other. Sin^e,
during the tour we- ks of the debate, to which 1 at-
tentively 1 «tened, the objection of unconstitutional
lty was not urged, I naturally came to the conclu-
sion that it had not been insisted on. If constitu-
tional objections could be urged with any plausi-
bility at ail, I should have supposed that their im-
portance would have led to th"ir reiteration. Ar-
guments based ea grounds of far Ie?s moment have
been repeated again and again. It cannot, there-
fore, be surprising that the impression should have
been created on my mind that no reasoning of such
a character had been employed. If the gentleman
from Massachusetts, in his speech, tooK the hiih
grouJcl of the Constitution for the support of his
araoment, I did not know it; I could not know the
fyct; I could not even suspect it.    But, since the
i It-man informs me that he took that ground, I
cheerful i v make th* correction.
Mr. SERGEANT (at a subsequent period of
the session) also s ated that he had himself made
constitutional objection to the bill.
[Mr. J. explained that he had been called out of
the House for a short time on two occasions, dur-
ing Mr. S's argument, and had, therefore, not
heard the objections raised. He stood corrected
(he said) with great pleasure.]
Mr. ADAMS made some turther remark* in re-
ply to Mr. Jonts, vindicating his own consistency,
which had been called m question by Mr. Jonks, on
the ground that he (Mr. A ) when President, had
signed a bill which contained au item in similar
teims.
Mr. MORGAN went into some calculations to
show that, stuce the year 1826, the expenditures
for this bianch of the public service had doubled,
wi hout any adequate increase of ships, <&c. in
proportion to the amount.
Mr JONES contended that he bad given a com-
plete answer, and, he would say, refutation, to all
charges of tha kind, when the civil and diplomatic
appropriation bill was under consideration.
If the gentleman would refer to the completa re-
futation in that speech, he was sure he would not
repeat thecharge.
The question was then taken, and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. CRARY moved to strike out the item appro-
priating "#4,250 for the necessary repairs to the
Naval Asylum at Philadelphia," and inserting a
provision requiring the Board of Commissioners to
prepare and lay before Congress, at the commence-
ment of each session, the state of the votes of each
member of the Board on all the proceedings in rela-
tion to stores, equipments of vessels, and other mat-
ters connected with the naval establishment of the
United States, etc.
Mr. C. proceeded to address the committee on
the subject of the alleged abuses of the Board of
Navy Commissioners, but had not progressed far,
when
The SPEAKER resumed the chair to receive a
message from the Senate, announcing that the
Senate had passed a bill extending the charters of
the District banks for certain purposes, as follows:
A BILL to continue the corporate existence of cer-
tain banks in the District of Columbia.
Be it enacted by the Senile and House of Represent-
atives, etc. That the provis ons, restrictions, and
enactments of the act of Congress ot the 25th May,
1838, entitled "An act to extend the charter of the
Lnion Bank of Georgetown, in the District of Co-
lumb a, be, and the same are hereby extended to
the Fanners' and Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown,
the Bank of the Metropolis, the Bank of Washing-
ton, the Patriotic Bank of Washington, the Bank of
the Potomac, and the Farmers' Bank of Alexan-
dria: Provided, That whenever, in the original act,
the 1st of July, 1838, occurs, it shall be so construed
as to mean the 4th of July, 1840; and whenever the
1st of July, 1842, occurs, it shall be construed to
mean the 4th of July, 1844.
On motion of Mr. F. THOMAS, the House, by
general consent, took np the bill, and it was read
twice.
The question being on its third reading,
Mr. JENIFER spoke for a short time with much
warmth against the bill. He complained that the
Senate had disregarded the wishes of the Hou«e,
and had sent back a bill which tbey were com-
pelled to adopt, since no alternat.ve remained. He
also maintained that Conercss was about to esta-
blish the principle that they miebt do here what
they pleased, and th t their next step might be to
lay hands on the slaveholding institutions of the
District.
Mr. DUNCAN followed, and contended that had
the banks conducted their affairs honestly, and re-
sumed specie payments when they ought, no one
would have been against them.   He would say for
one that he dare not vote far a recharlar of the
banks in his own State under such circumstances.
As for the picture of desolation drawn by the,
gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Dawson] which was
to follow, by a refusal to rechart r these banks, it
ought to be looked upon by the citizens of the Dis-
trict as a slander upon them. Besides, if the banks
were in the bad condition described by the gentle-
man, that was a strong argument why they should
be continued no longer. If thev had brought on
*uch a state of things already, what would they do
if they were continued twenty years longer? Be-
sides, who was it that asked for the continuance of
these banks? A petition had ben presented yes-
terday, signed by 244 names. Now, what propor-
tion was that to the whole popu'aiion of the Dis-
trict, amounting to between 40 and 50,000 Yes,
out of 50,000 inhabitants, 244 of them have ap-
plied for a continuance of the charters of these
banks. What was the inference? Why, that the
remainder were either indifferent to, or against the
recharter.
Mr. D. then made a calculation showing the
amount of bank capital within the ten miles
squara, and that, at the same ra'io, the whole po-
pulation of the United Sta'es would be entitled to
a capital of two thousand two hundred and twenty
millions of dollars. And, by allowing the propor-
tion of paper issues, three dollars to one of specie,
the banking capital of the United States, at the same
ratio of the District banks, would amount to the
enormous sum of six thousand six hundred and
sixty millions of dollars, giving, in one year, ac-
cording to the usual profits, a clear income of hun-
dreds of millions.
After showing this disproportion of bank capital
between the District and other places, Mr. D. pro-
ceeded to repel, with much warmth, the charge that
the Democratic party were seeking to oppress the
District. The Democratic par.y were not an ene-
my to the banks. They were, on the contrary,
friends to them, and were willing to recharter them
under proper restrictions. The charge that the De-
mocratic pany were seeking to destroy the banking
institutions was not true. He pronounced it a base
slander upon the party.
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS moved the previous
question; which was seconded.
And the main question (being on ordering the
bill to a third reading) was ordered, and, being ta-
ken, was decided in tne affirmative.
So the bill was ordered to a third reading.
And the question recurring on its final passage-
Mr. FRANCIS THOMAS moved the previous
question; there was a second; and the main ques-
tion was ordered.
Mr. LEE r asked the yeas and nays on the main
question; which were ordered, and, being taken,
were as follows:
YEAS—Mea rs. Adams, Judson Allen, Hugh 3. Anderson,
Andrews, Athetton, Bant , Baker, Beatty, Beirne, Aaron V.
Brown, William O Butler, Carroll, Carter, Chapman, Chit-
tenden, Clark, Clifford, William R. Cooper, Craig, Cranston,
Cioss, Dana, Davee, Edward Davies, John Davis, Girret
Dave, Deberry, Delist, Drotngools, Duncan, Earl, Ely, Fine,
Galbraith, James Garland, Gates, Gorry, Goggin, Goods,
Gieen, Griffin, Grmnell, Habersham, Hand, William 9.
Hastings, John Hastings, Hill of Virginia, Hillen, Hodman,
Holleman, Holmes, Hook, Hubbard, Jackson, Jenifer, Charle*
Johnston, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, John W. Jones,
Kemble, Kempshatl, Kille, King, Loadbetter, Leet, Leonard,
Lincoln, Lucas, McCIellan, McCulloh,McKay, Marvin, Miller,
Mitchell, Monroe, Montanya, Morgan, Samuel W. Morns, C.
Morns, Newhard, Nisbet, Palen, Parnsb, Parmenter, Payoter,
Peck, Petrikm, Pickens, Pope, Prentiss, Proffit, Rauden,
Heed, Reynolds, Bhett, Ridgway, Robinson, Edward Rogers,
Samuels, Sergeant, Shepard, Simotiton, Albert Smith, John
Smith, Truman Smith, Stanly, Steeniod, Strong, Stuart,
Sweanngen, Taylor, Francis Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Til-
linghast, f riplett, Underwood, Vanderpoel, D. D Wagener,
P J Wagner, Warren, Weller, Jared W. Williams, Thomas
Williams, Henry Williams, Lewis Williams, and J. L. Wil-
liams—124
NAYS—Messrs. Black, Carr, Casey, Coles, Connor, Mark A.
Cooper, Ea«tman, E (wards, Floyd, Hill of N C James, N.
Jone-j, Marchand, Mason, Ramsey, Shaw, Thomas Smith,
Taiiaferro, and Turner—19.
So thi bill was passed and returned to the Se-
nate.
Mr. WAGNER moved that when the House ad-
journ, it adjourn to meet on Monday morning at
tc t  o'c' ocW
Mr. LINCOLN, remarking that whiNt we were
drinking onr wine on the day of our National In-
dependence, we hhould not lorget to furnish bread
to those Revolutionary soldiers who fought tor ana
j   achieved it, moved to amend the motion of Mr,
