CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
511
Smith, Stanly, Stuart, Sumter, Taliaferro, Waddy Thomp-
son, Triplett, Trumbull, Warren, Edward D. White, J. While,'
T. W. Williams, Joseph L. Williams, Christopher H. Wit-
liams—*4.
So the bill wta laid on the table and ordered to be printed.
.  Mr. GIDDING3 of Ohio asked consent to offer tin following
resolution:
Resolved, That -the Committee of Ways* and Means be in-
structed to report a bill making such appropriations aa they may
think necessary to preserve such public harbors on Lake Erie
from destruction aa are reported by the Secretary of War as
having been injured by late storms.
Objection being made—
Mr. G. moved for a suspension of the rule; the yeas and
nays were demanded, and, being taken, were—yeas 67,
nays 86.
Mr. TRIPLETT, on leave, presented a memorial from cer-
tain tobacco planters; which was referred.
Mr. PICKENS wished to report, from the Committee on Fo-
reiga Aifaus, a resolution for an appropriation o. $23 OJO for
defraying the expenses of a survey and exploration oi the
Northeastern boundary; but
The House, en motion of Mr. ATHERTON, resolved logo
again into Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Lincoln in the chair,) and resume the consideration of the
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question pending was the amendment to the bill submit-
ted by Mr. Chary, as iollows:
'That the Board of Commissioners for the Navy shall pre-
para and lay before Congress, at the commencement uf each
session, a statement of the votes of each member of the board
on all proceedings relative to the procurement of naval stores
and materials, and the construction, armament, equipment and
employ mem of vessels of war, as well as all other matters con-
nected with the naval establishment of the United States."
Mr. CRARY resumed his remarks in favor of the amend-
ment. His object in discussing the amendment was to call the
attention of the country to the errors and inefficiency of this
board; to the manner in which they expended the money ap-
propriated for the improvement of the navy. M r. C. then went
into a history of the transactions o I this board, with a view to
show that not only the naval service generally would be pro-
moted by its abolishment, but that the vessels would be much
better constructed. Bespoke at length of the improvements in
the naval service of rival commercial nations, and particularly
in the ordnance; and showed that this board, instead of keep-
ing pace with modern improvements, still adhered to their old
prejudice, and obstructed much improvement. Mr. B. was in
fevor of introducing the bureau system, so as to fix the respon-
sibility of the management of this branch of the service some-
where, which by the present system could not be traced any
where.   He concluded at 12 o'clock.
Mr. REED of Massachusetts obtained the floor, but yielded
it to
Mr. ADAMS, who censured the Committee on Naval Affaire
lor not having considered and reported on the plan submitted
by the Secretary of the Navy, for the substitution of Naval Bu-
reaus in place of a Board of Navy Commissioners.
Mr. REED then went into a reply to Mr. Chary'« speech, no-
ticing the most prominent points, denying his charges, de-
manding proof, and eulogizing the Commissioners and the Navy
generally.
He was Mowed by Mr. HOFFMAN, who, while he admitted
that there might be defects in the existing plan of a Navy
Board, and professed himself to be prepared to examine the
Secretary's plan for naval bureaus, (towards which his pre-
ferences leaned,) repelled the charges adduced by Mr. Crary
•gainst the management of the Navy and the construction and
arming of our ships of war, and towered into a most eloquent
and stirring eulogium on the glories of our naval achievements.
He concluded at half past2 o'clock, when the question being
taken mi the motion of Mr. Crary, it was rejected.
The House then took a recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. ATHERTON proposed, on behalf of the Committee of
Ways and Means, the following amendment, to come in at the
end of section two, viz:
And that, for the purpose of replacing the said sum of three
bundled and forty thousand dollars, and the sum of three hun-
dred and thirty thousand dollars authorized to be so applied by
the act of the third of March, eighteen hundred and thirty-nine,
the further sum of six handled and seventy thousand dollars
shall be, and hereby is, appropriated for the gradual improve-
ment of the navy, to be available alter the first of January,
eighteen hundred and forty-one.
Mr. A said the object of this amendment was to reimburse
te the fund appropriated by the act of 1839 for the gradual im-
provement of the navy, the sum which had been expended, and
which was proposed to be expended, for the same, for the con-
struction of the steam vessels authorized to be built last year.
This was recommended by the Department.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS did not think it necessary to reim-
bmse that fund, as those steam vessels should be considered a
part of thatgradual increase.
Mr. ATHERTON explained that this amendment caused no
increase in the appropriations of this year, but merely pro-
vided th it the money necessary to construct those steam ves-
sels, which had been taken from the fund for the gradual in-
crease of the navy, should be reimbursed to that fund m 1841.
Mr. REED said it was never intended that these vessels
should bo built out of that fund, but that It was provided by
fhe act authorizing the construction of these vessels, that the
'unds should be reimbursed.
Mr. ANDERSON of Maine spoke of the necessity of reira-
bursing the fund to enable the commissioners to make contracts
for ordnance for these vessels and other vessels for which ord-
nance was yet to be provided.
Mr. ATHERTON said it wasnecessaiy for the commission-
are to be assured that this fund should be reimbursed in 1841 to
«table them o enter into contracts in proper time, to carry out
the objects for which '.he fund for the gradual improvement of
the navy was sacredly set apart.
Mr. STANLY made some remarks in opposition to the
amendment
Mr. MASON of Ohio said so far as this amendment went to
•apply the deficiency created by the diversion of a former appro-
priation, he was willing to vote for it, but he maintained that It
(■volved a new and distinct appropriation of more than
9300,000 dollars above any thing heretofore appropriated, and
wm  to that extent opposed to it.
Mr. «TTaNLY further opposed the amendment, and read
some articles in relation to the condition of the navy, published
in 1839 in the Globe, and commented thereon.
Mr. LEAD BET TE It made some remaiks showing the neat
number of officers always on land, which was owing in a great
measure, l  the want of more vessels, which this amendment
provided.
Altera few remarks from Messrs. PROFFIT and LEAD-
BETTER,
.Mr. RHETTwas understood to argue that the amendment
proposed did not involve any new tax on the people for the
present year, but was merely intended to make the fund here-
tofore appropriated available for tfie pnrposes intended, if it
should be wanted in 1(41.
Messrs. SALTONSTALL, ATHERTON, HOLLEMAN,
REED, UNDERWOOD, and VANDERPOEL, made some
remarks, showing the necessity of the appropriation, if it was
the wish that the provisions of the law of 1839, for the gradual
mprovement of the navy, should be fulfilled; and showing that
i he act authorizing the construction of the steam vessels was a
special appropriation for the improvementof the navy, and was
never intended to be considered as a part of the improvements
under the act of 1839. That the money appropriated under that
act was not intended to be applied to the building of vessels,
but merely to the purchase of materials, and to supply the ves-
sels with ordnance. That if the money to reimburse was with-
held it would operate to destroy the navy, and that it was
die for those who oppose the amendment to say that they were
iriends to the navy.
f    Messrs. MASON, POPE,   R. GARLAND, PETRIKIN,
and STANLY, opposed the amendment.
Mr. MONROE said it was a plain proposition, and simple in
its character. He had no doubt the funds were properly ap-
plied. He hoped there would be no further debate; there was
much business to be transacted, and no time for long speeches:
he therefore expressed the hope that the committee would take
the vote.
Mr. EVANS contended that this was an additional appropria-
tion beyond the estimates. He was in favor of making a direct
appropriation out of the Treasury for the constructing of these
steam vessels. He was opposed to the manner of the appropri-
ation.
After a few remarks from Mr. STANLY, in opposition to
the amendment, and Mr. RHETT, in explanation of it.
The question was taken, and the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. REED proposed the following amendment, which, after
a few remarks explanatory of its object, was agreed to.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That all appropriations,
and all remaining balances of appropriations, heretofore made
for building, rebuilding, replacing, purchasing, or repairing, ves-
sels of war, or other vessels, (or the use of the navy, or for the
purchase of timber, ordnance, or any other articles of building,
arming, equipping, or repairing vessels of the navy, or for the
repairs of vessels in ordinary, and repair, wear and tear of ves-
sels in commission, together with any materials which have
been, or may be, collected under any of the said appropriations,
be, and the same are hereby, transferred to one head of appro -
pnation, to be called "the appropriation for the increase, repair,
armament, and equipment of the navy, and wear and tear of
vessels in commission;" and the amount of said appropriation,
and of such other as may be made hereafter for like purposes,
aad the materials which have been, or may be hereafter collect-
ed for the same, may be expended and used by the Secretary of
the Navy, in building, replacing, arming, repairing, equipping,
and employing any vessels which Congress may have autho-
rized, or may hereafter authorize to be built, rebuilt, purchased,
or replaced, in such manner as the interests er necessities of the
service may require.
Seo. . And be it further enacted, That it shall he the
duty of the Secretary of the Navy to cause to be laid before
Congress, annually, as soon after the beginning of each year as
practicable, a statement of the amounts expended during the
preceding fiscal year for wages of mechanics and laborers em-
ployed in building, repairing, or equipping, vessels of the navy,
or in receiving and securing stores and materials lor those pur-
poses; and for the purchase of materials and stores for the
same purposes; a statement of the cost or estimated value of
the stores on hand, under this appropriation, in the navy yards
at the commencement of the next preceding fiscal year; the
cost, or estimated value, of articles received and expended
during the year; and the cost, or estimated value, of the articles
belonging to this appropriation which may be on hand in the
navy varas at the close of the next preceding fiscal year.
Sec. . And be it further enacted, That, whenever in the
opinion of the Secretary of the Navy it shall be conducive to the
public interest to use any article uf provisions, materials, or
other stores, for a different appropriation from that under which
they may have been purchased for the naval service, it shall be
lawful for him to authorize such use, and it shall be his duty to
certify to the Secretary of the Treasury, the value or cost of the
articles thus used; and the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized and required to cause the proper officers of the Trea-
sury to transfer the amount of such cost or value upon the books
of the Treasury, from the appropriation tor which the articles
may have been used, to the appropriation from which they may
have been or may be taken, so that the actual expenditure under
each may be accurately shown.
Mr. ATHERTON, from the Committee of Ways and Means,
proposed the following amendment to come in at the close of
the hill:
" For distribution as prize money among the officers and
crew of the private armed brig General Armstrong, per act of
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and thirty-four, two thousand
nine hundred and seventy-five dollars and twenty cents."
Mr. ATHERTON stated that it was merely a «appropriation
of part of the $10,000 appropriated to this object which had
been carried to the sinking fund, and
After a few remarks from Mr. R- GARLAND, the ques-
tion was taken, and the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PaYNTER moved an amendment appropriating
•100,000 for constructing adrv dock at Philadelphia.
Mr. ATHERTON made a pointof order based upon the 76th
rule, which provides that no amendment shall be in order to an
appropriation bill, except to carry out the provisions of exist-
ing laws.
The CHAIR [Mr. Linooln] decided the amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. PAYNTER appealed from that decision; and the ques-
tion being "Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
mentofthe committee}" It was put, and the decision was af-
firmed.
Mr. REED submitted the following amendment:
Sec. . And be it further enacted, that the sum of sixty
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out
of any unappropriated money in the Treasury, for the prepa-
ration and commencement of the third steam vessel of war au-
thorized by an act of March third, eighteen hundred and thirty-
nine, in addition to any materials which may be on hand suita-
ble for such vessels-
Mr. HABERSHAM moved to amend the above by the addition
ofthe following:
Provided, That the said steam ship>haJl be so constructed
as not to draw more than sixteen feet of water with all her ar-
mament, provision, and other lading, necessary to prepare her
for sea.
Mr. HABERSHAM explained the object of the amendment
It was to have the vessel so constructed that it would be able to
navigate Southern rivers, if necessary, asa means of defence.
Mi. HOLLEMAN opposed the amendment It was in conss-
qnence of legislation of this kind, in all probability, that the
constructionof vessels was imperfect, and for which the Navy
Commissioners had been blamed. A vessel so constructed
could not stand the sea.
The question was taken on the amendment to the amendment,
and it was disagreed to.
The question recurring on tne amendment of Mr. Reed, it
was taken, and there being 43 ayes, aud 41 noes, and there be-
ing no quorum.
The committee rose, and the chairman reported that fact to
the House.
On motion of Mr. NAYLOR,
The House then adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, July 7. 1840.
Mr. ALLEN said that, by the wording of the journal of Fri-
day last, he was placed in a false position, and lie wished it to
be corrected if it could be done without a vielation of the rules
of the Senate. The journal slates that the Senator from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benton] having introduced a bill to continue the
existence of the banks ofthe District for the purpose of wind-
ing up their affairs, the Senator from New Hampshire [Mr.
Hubbard] moved to amend by substituting for it a portion of
the bill from the House, placing them in a similar position with
the Union Bank ot Georgetown. I am there said to have made
a motion for adjournment, which was negatived, ice Now it
will be recollected by every Senator who was present, that after
the Senator from New Hampshire moved his amendment,
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Clay] moved to further
amend by adding the rest of the bill from the House, which
was, in effect, a recharter of banks now in a state of suspension.
It was upon the motion of the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
ClayI that he (Mr. Allen) predicated his motion for adjourn-
ment, and not on that ofthe Senator from New Hampshire, aa
it now appears on the journal. Mr. A. said he was not ac-
quainted with the rule relative to the making out of the jour-
nal, and wished not to be understood as intending any censure
on the Secretary, but hoped that it might bo made so a  to con-
form to the facts.
Mr. WALKER suggested whether an improvement might
not be made in the mode of keeping the journals, and said that
a similar occurrence took place in his own case under a former
Secretary, as that just referred to by the Senator from Ohio. A
bill was before the Senate of great interest to many of his con
stituents, to which he moved an important amendment In the
subsequent political canvass in his State, he asserted that he
had made this motion, and referred to the journal for proof of
the fact; but the journal being produced, no notice whatever had
been taken of it. He immediately wrote to the Secretary, and
then for the first time learned that except the yeaa and nays
were called on a motions to amend, it was not entered on the
journal. The Secretary, nowever, had fortunately preserved a
copy of his amendment, and sent a certificate attesting the fact
of his having offered it. He thought it Would be belter if, in
the progress of a bill, every motion to amend should be entered
upon the journal.
The CHAIR stated he had been looking over the rules, and
found the following on this subject:
"Rule 32. The proceedings of the Senate, when not acting in
committee of the whole, shall be entered on the journal as con-
cisely as possible, care being taken to deuil a true and accurate
account of the proceedings: but every vote of the Senate shall
be entered on the journal, and abrief statement of the contents
of each petition, memorial, or paper, presented to the Senate,
shall also be inserted on the journal."
It was therefore apparent that the journal was made out as
grescribed by the rule, and no censure could attach to tbe
ecretary. To meet the views of the Senators from Ohio and
Mississippi, a change of the rule would be necessary.
Mr. ALLEN snid he had not the remotest intention of cen-
suring any one, but called attention tn the matter, that it might
be corrected, if it could be done without a violation of the
rules; and if this could not be done, that his having requested
it might he noticed by the reporters for the public prints.
The CHAIR presented to the Senate a repot t from tbe
Secretary of the Treasury, in compliance with a resolution
of the 6th instant, calling for copies of all circulars issued
since the passage of the compromise act; which was laid on the
table.
Mr. WALL presented the memorial ofcitizensef Jerseycity,
in the State of New Jersey, remonstrating against the repeal of
the pilot law of 1837.
Also, from citizens ofthe United States generally, asking that
"Raub's double self-acting safety valve" may be of general
use in steamboats in the United States.
Mr. PIERCE, from the Committee on Pensions, made unfa-
vorable reports on House bills for the relief of Wm. Lomax, of
Nathan Baldwin, and of Jas. Boy Ian.                         ,.,....,
Mr. NORVELL, from the Select Committee to which had
been referred the the bill from the House of Representative*
regulating the mileage of members of Congress, made a re-
port, accompanied by a resolution that the bill be Indefinitely
fKMrr CLAY took occasion to ask if the report that had just
been read was from the majority ofthe committee, m r. o.
said that he had not been present at  ny raeeang of the com-
mittee nor had the Senator from Massachusetts, I Mr. ViT' J
He^u'd thaiTe had brought hismindto the full ™ £« **
the bill from the House ought tobe *™±™- J*e m0TS,j?
make the report the special orde.•^urri.y next, by which
time it could be printed and laid on their tables.
oVmodon of Mr. NORVEIX, the report was ordered t* ke
