£M£antt&thaMrit*aii
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
After o*¡n; rtivns**!! by Messrs. TaPPA!*, OLCT of Ala-
terna, and C1.AY nt Ker'in-jtv,
Mr. WRIG J r moved to amend the amendment by adding
the toiio  ins.
"Ami 'tirther. shall frank no package of any description other
than li-iiens. and no teuer ol a tremer weight iha.i one ounce."
Which, alter some remarks l>> Mr. CLÁ V 01 Ken-ucfcy, was
diragiesd to  r> i Uw amenth'u s:t «as also disagreed to.
Mr. NORVELL then motei to emend toe bill l>y inserting
tbt lollowitie:
"Sec 4. And be it further enacted, That fte frankmiprivi.
legesha.l iKHbeeujaied l>y any member or delegate rn Con-
gr«--eexceptduring ¡he session and lor thirty days before US
eommeitceinent. and thirty days alter its terminatum."
Alter some renuii fcs by Messrs BUCHANAN and NOR-
VELL, the amendnv nt was los;—aye !B, noes i 3.
Mr. WALKER submitted the lollow nj as an additional sec-
tion:
'•Sbc —. And be it /*«; ther enacted, That hereafter when
Congressman in sosskm, no member bhnll have ,he privilege
olfriiikms any printed matter except public documents.''
Al'er some remark- by Mtsera. 'i APPAN, SMITH of Con-
necticut, and WaI.KER", the amemim nt was disagreed to—
ayes 17, noes '^0 as to' lows'
"V AS—Mes-rs A'len, Benton, Clay of Alabama, Fulton,
Huhboid, Kinjr, Linn, Lumpkin, Muuton, Nnivell, Pierce,
guanee, S'urfeon, rapport. Walker. Wright, and Ynang—17".
N \V>9— Messr-. Anderson, Brown, Buchai a-i. Clay of Ken-
tarky, Clayton, Crr.tenden, Cnthbert. Daws, Dixon, Hender-
son, litirtington, Knight, Merrick, Poner, Presión, Roane,
Smith of Connecticut, Smith of Indiana, Tallmadje, and
White—20.
Tie bill a-- amended was then reported to the Senate, and the
amendments concurred in, and the question coining up on it 
engrossment,
Aftei some remarks by Messrs. SMITH pf Indiana, CLAY,
ef Kentuckr, CALHOUN, WHITE, CLAY of Alabama,
TAI-LMADGE an. Da VIS
Mr. LC.UPKIN said: Mr. President, with all ray earnest de-
sire tor the reiorm oí abuses which have crept into Congress,
and the gratification which 1 felt and ex pressed this forenoon to
see la*, «pint of reform ¿amine ground and respect in flnsSe-
nata, \et.si,. I admit I was not prepare! to ex|-ect, or look
Jor. that rapid advance, which I hate wi ness d in tt'e course of
a few 'Mwrs. 1 desire to ree reform, to the toil extent ol ail the
propositions which have been suhniit'ea as amendments to this
nil Reform io Ooman'M, in leeard to stationer : the franking
pr vilege; punciual attenlance ói members of Congiess, as
well *■< the present prae H-e of chargms; lor mileage Bui, sir,
while I voivm Uvorof the various propositions submitted to
correct the abuses complaineJ of, wh ch have been proposed
as amendments to the mileage b>ll, I must be allowed to
eipiess mj apprehe ision, that tiieee amendments are cal-
cula e,', H not jntenoed toi'efeat the r,.|].>a t  bill.
I would have prelerred. sii, that the Senate should have
passed the bill sent to us by the If nise, without amendment or
change, and let it become the law of the land. Tnis would
have been correcting one admitted abuse at least. In voting for
the various prop >«>d amendments which I have done, relating
to stationery, franking, and attendance of members, I hare
done so Irooi the conviction of the correctness of these propo-
aiuons in themselves considered. Vet, sir, I am not free from
apprehension, thai these amendments, as well as the original
b 11, may bed-tested bv their introduction here, when sent to
the other branch of Congress. Sir, I have deliberately consi-
dered this subject m all i's parts and bearings. I am convinced
that abuses do exist in the franking privilege, stationery, and
want of faithful attendance of members of Congress. I there-
fore vote for propositions calculated to correct and reform
abosas, although they are not presented in the shape which I
woull desire, "sir, whi'el desire to see whatever errors may
attach to Con re s corrected, I nould feel much reluctance at
seemg any thins done, which might unjustly d'sparage
the standing ol the American Congress. 1 would not like to see
Congress reguh'ed by the old field, minter roll, militia disci-
pline. I do not admire ihe moda now proposed to ensure the
attendance of members ol Congress, nr tnat which is intended to
economy in regaid to the stationary. I vote for these propo-
ations. as the only alternatives within my present grasp.
I will, Mr. Presilent, take a few minutes to suggest the out-
line of my plan of reform, in idea.; eev. ral matters. In regard
to mileage, I am in fakor of the House bill as sent to us. Upon
the subject ef the attendance of members of Congress, I would
!>n!y desire to make it the lawiul duty of each member of Con-
gress, at or neir the close of each sesat m, to file in the Secretary
or Clerk's office a certified statement of the number of days
he had actually served, and been in attendance as a member,
to. I would have this statement recorded in a book. In regard
to stationery. I would allow members to draw stationery as they
now do, and make it the duty of the Secretary and Clerk to
charge and record in a book every article furnished to each
member during each session.
These accoun's and charges should be duty examined by
cotnmi'tees of the two Houses appointed for that purpose. This,
sir, would be the extent of the correcnon I would desire at this
time, and 1 believe all that would even lie necessary. I have
no i.lea that an/ laws, rules, or regulations oi Congress, cart ex-
act dutiesfrom'members which they are indisposed toperform.
The fUnh'ul discharge of our representative duties is a ques-
tion to be decided by eur constituents. It belongs to them and
not to us. But I consider it an imperative duty which devolves
on Cjngress, to see that its journals, records, and proceedings,
shall be given to the people in a form which may enable them
tojudge of the actinsa and doings of their representatives. I
consider this sir, a proud day tor the country, whatever may be
the success of the mewure now unrier consideration. The pro-
ceedings of this day in the (Senate, establishes the fact, that the
spirit "f reform has found rs way into this hall; and, sir, it will
not slumlier or seep until its pro^r work shall have been ac-
complished.
Mr. ( LvY of Alabama moved the following amendment:
"And it shall be the duty of the Secretary ol the Senate, and
of the Clerk of the House of lie presen tali ves at the end of
each session of Congress, to pub'ish in the public papers in
Washing'on city the number of calls of the yeas and nays to
■which each member neglected to answer during the session, ex-
cept when such neglect to answer has been excused in conse-
quence of sickness or absence on committees.
After some remarks by Messrs. SMITH of Connecticut, AL-
^N, HÜJNTIIS-GTOrí, CRITTENDEN, WALKER, and
vLAY of Alabama, the amendment was lost.
j       Mr. SMITH of Indiana moved, to reconsider the vote lot the
!|  forfeilure ol ¡ ¡u per diem pay of a member, in case of nt*
s#nce Jrota any ons call, during the day, of the yeas and
n/iÍeS¿^}?,1í^Tg- SMITH ni"Indiana,nUNTINGTON,
WALKER, TALLMA1M3E, and ALLEN,
The mutton to ricnsiderwas negatived, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Culhoun, day ol Kentucky, Clayton, Ciit-
tenden, Cuthbert, l)avi«, Dixon, Huntington, King, Knight,
Me' rick, Preston, Roane, Smith of Indiana, Talluiadge, and
White—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Clay of Alabama, Ful'on, Henderson, Hubbard, Linn,
Lcnnpkin.Mouton, Norvell, Pierce, Porter, Smith of Connecti-
cut, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wall, Williams,
Wright, and Yonng—24
The bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed by the fol-
lowing vole:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Bcntor, Brown, Buchanan,
Calhoun, Clay ol Alabama, Clay ol Kentucky, Crittenden, Cuth-
bert, Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Hnbbard, Huntington, K'ng, Linn,
Lumpk n, Merrick, Montón, Pierce, Porter, Preston, Roane,
Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Tappan, Walker, Williams,
Wrisht, and Young—01.
NÁYá—Mearrs Clay ton, Henderson, Knight, Norvel), Smith
oflndiam, S'urgeo^Tallmadge, Wall,and White—9.
The Senate then adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Fkidat, July 10, 1840.
After the journal had been read,
Mr. CLIFFORD moved a recons'deration of the vote by which
on yesterday the Houst, had refused to order to a third reading,
the joint resolution of the Senate, in relation to the disposal of
the presents from the linaum of Muscat.
Mr. C. observed that his object in moving the reconsideration
was to enable him to submit an amendment, to which he
thought there would be nu objection. He then moved the pre-
vious question.
After some debate of a conversational character, as to the
propriety of taking the question when so few members were
pres°nt, a call ot the House was moved.
Ou the motion the yeas and nuv s were ordered, and being
taken, were—yeas 42, nays 94.
So the call was not ordered.
A quorum lie ng now arrived, the call for the previous ques-
tion was seconded.
[At this stage of the proceedings Mr. Adajis inquired of the
Chair, whether the resolution (which had been rejected on
yesterday) had been returned to the Senate. The Chair re-
plied that it had not Mr. Adams then m^de a privileged ques-
tion upon which he introduced a resolution implying a censure
on the Clerk for neglect of duty growing out of the lact that he
had not returned the resolulion to the St-nate on yesterday.
The proceedings on this resolution occupied two hoursof the
precious time of the House; and the mover apprehending from
incidental votes that the resolution could not receive the sanc-
tion of a majority of cither party in the House, withdrew it.
Inasmuch as the resolution was withdrawn, the proceedings
are not deemed of sufficient importance to insert formally and
at length. There can be no impropriety in staling, in justice to
the Clerk, that he had not violated either the rules or the prac-
tice of the House, by retaining the resolution in the House with-
in the time allowed by the rules for a member to move to re-
consider the vote rejecting it.]
The question was then taken by yeas and nays on the motion
to reconsider, and resulted asfoüows—yeas 108, nays 54.
So the vote was reconsidered.
Mr. EVERETT then moved to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause, and insert the amendment of which ha had given
notice on yesttriay.
The C/I4IR deciJed this motion to be out of order.
Mr. CLIFFORD then offerul the following amendment: to
strike out all after the word authorized, and to dispose in such
time and such manner as he shall deem fit, of all such of the
presents to the Government of the United Slau s as have been
sent irom the Imaum of Muscat or the Emperor of Morocco, and
cannitbe conveniently deposited or kept in tbs Department of
State, and cause the proceeds thereof to be placed in the Trea-
sury of the United Sutes.
Mr. NAYLOR moved a reconsideration of the vete by which
the House had, on >esterday, rejected the amendment of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, to give the proceeds of the sales
of these presents to the charitable institutions in the District of
Columbia; and on that motion demanded the previous question,
which was seconded.
Mr. HUNT inoviid to lay the whole subject on the table; bat
the motion was rejocted.
The question then recurring on the motion of Mr. Natoos,
Mr. STANLY demanded the yeas and nays, which were or-
dered; and were—Yeas 70, nays 75.
So the House refused to reconsider.
The question then being on the amendment of Mr. Cliftohd,
it was decided by yeas and nays as follows—yeas 82, nay  76.
So the amendment «as adopted.
Mr. MONROE moved a reconsideration ot the rote, but" the
motion was almost unanimously rejected.
The question then being on ordering the joint resolution as
amended to a third reading, it was decided by yeas and nays, as
follow —yeas 84, nays 60.
The resolution having received its third reading,
Mr. DROMGOOLE said it was evident there had been some
misapprehension on the part of several gentlemen who had
voted ¿gainst the motion of Mr NatloiW i«consider the vote
by which the amendment of the committee had been rejected
on yestenlay. That amendment authorized the distribution of
the proceeds to the charitable insutunons of the District, and
entirely coincided with his views. With a view, therefore, of
ffivin  th'i=e gentlemen, who had voied under a misapprehen-
sion, an opponunity of putting themselves right, and which
would change the result of the vote on 'he reconsideration, he
moved that the resolution be recommitted to the Committee on
Fore gn Affairs, with instructions to report again the same
amendment which hai been rejected «iipjWti.
After some brief remarks from Mr. BANKS, who hoped his
colleague would not persist in his motion,
MrTPETRIKW moved the previous question.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS moved to lay the whole subject on
the table; but the motion was negatived.                  ...
The call for the previous question was then «ecoaded, cutting
off, of course, the motion to recommit.
The main question was then ordered to fee jsuf.
And the main question being on the passage of tha joint mso 
lution, was, then put and decided by yeas and nay  as (oüows
—yeas 82, nays 7¿:
So the joint resolution as amended was agreed to.
The question being on the adoption of the title,
Mr. PitOFFlT moved to amend it by adding the following:
"A joint resolution to replenish the exhausted Treasury of t «
United States by the sale of certain horses, lions, otto of rosea,
rese water, cashmere shawls, &c. being a donation made to the 
United States by th« Imaum of Muscat andiheEmperor of Mo.
rocco."
(      Messrs. PROFFIT and MONROE maSe some remarks in ftv-
ror of the amendment.
Mr. SMITH of Maine moved the previous question on the
bill and amendment; which did not receive a second.
Mr. CLIFF  ¡RD then moved to amend the amendment of
Mr. Propfit by substituting the following as the title, vrt:
"An act toauthorize the President of the United Slate  to dis-
pose of certain presents from the Imaum of Muscat and the
Emperor of Morocco."
Mr. CLIFFORD moved the previoisquestion on it* adoption;
which received a second, and the mam question being ordered,
which was on the amendment of Mr. Cxijvord, the quesfjoa
was taken and the ameadment was adopted as the title.
The joint resolution of the Senate in relation to the inter-
change of books and documenta on the plan of Mr. Vaitemare.
was, on motion of Mr. JONES, taken up, read a third tisn , «n*
passed.
Mr. i. W. JONES moved to suspend the rules for thetnre*
Eose of the House resolving itself into a Committee of the whole
[ouse on the state of the Union; and pending the question,
The hour of 2( o'clock having now arrived, the House took
its usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. LINCOLN, on leave, too ved that another member be ap-
pointed on the Committee on Accounts, to supply the vacancy
occasioned by the absence (from indisposition) of his colleague,
[Mr. Lawrence,] ordered accordingly.           ....
Mr. STANLY asked leave to offer  resolution directing the
Secretswy of the Treasury to transmit to itrteHdUK, as early ae
possible, a copy of the correspondence bet weed the Treaaurer
ofihe United «States and the chief cterk of any ««her ohJeer of
ins Department, in i elation to the practical operalimiof Uiefluo-
Treasury bill.
Mr. STEENROD objected.
Mr. STANLY proposed to move a suspension of the nrie.
The SPEAKER stated that, when the hour ofreces* expired^
a motion to suspend was pending, submitted by the gentleman,
from Virginia, (Mr. Jones,] that the Hons* lesotv* itself is/to-
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. ANDREWS inquired of the Chais whether there h*4
been any morning hour to dayi
Tne SPEAKEllsaid there had not.
Mr SERGEANT, from the Committee on the Judiciary, on
leave, reported a bill entitled "An act to amend an act approved
May 13, 1800, entitled 'An act to amend an act to establish the
judical courts of the United States.' "
The bill having been twice read by it* title, Mr. S. moved that
it be read a third time.
Mr. CRABB asked for the reading of the bill.
The bill having been read, Mr.C. moved its commitment
to the Committee of the Whole, expressing his destrato move
an amendment, providing than the compensation received by
the jurors of the United Sutes courts should conform to the com-
pdiisation of jurors of the State courts.                             ^^
After some conversation between Messrs. CRABB, TttV
LlAGHAST, J W. JONES, SERGEANT, and BANKS, Mr.
C withdrew his motion to refer the bill to the Committee of uses
Whole; and proposed now to amend the bill by adding a claw 
declaring that the jurots of said courts should be paid for their
services the same sum as is paid to jurors of the State court*, is
such cases as the jurors may choose.
Some further conversation followed; when
Mr. C. modified his amendment by adding thereto the word*
"And that in Slates where no compensation is made by law, the
said jurors in said State «hall receive the cempensatien bow
fixed by the law of the United States."
And the question being taken, the amendment, as modified
was rejected                                                            '
Thebill was then ordered to a third reading, and, having been
reail a third time, was pasted.
The question then recurring on the motion of Mr. Jokes «e
Virginia, that the House resolve itself into Committee of tka
Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. RU3SELL appealed to Mr. Jokes to withdraw hi*
mo<ion,  in order that the committees might be called for
Mr. JONES declining, the question was then taken on his
motion, and the voted stood—ayes 49, nays 42; no quorum
▼ot ng.
Mr. RUSSELL again appealed to Mr. Joins tn withdraw
his motion.
The SPEAKER said that, as there was no quorum pre-
sent, no motion could be entertained bat a motion fur a call of
the House or to adjourn.
Mr. LINCOLN moved a call of the House.                 -
Mr. EVANS appealed to gentlemen either to go into com-
mittee or to let reports be made.
Mr. LINCOLN withdrew his motion that there'  a call of
And tiiequestion on the motion of Mr. Jones that theOous 
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of the Unien, be-
ing again put, the vote stood—ayes 68, noes 52; «till no <jtornm
°Mr. STEENROD moved a call of the House.
Mr. CRAIG asked the yeas and nay ;  which were re-
Mr. EVANS asked if the motion that there be a call of ths
Ilouse was debatable!
The SPEAKER replied in the affirmative.
Mr.1                         '                            l
lesalye
tisfactorilyspenti
ing the committees for reports.                             . A  House
After some conversation, the motion for a f  n°w*« *? "£
and the mouoa to go into commutes were ™*¡^£+¿l
general consent, the SPEAKER proceeded to call me commit-
hack to the Bouse without s«er«dme t, «Jena  urn  Uue« «■
