&0
CONGBESHONAL GtOBE.
act in addition to the «everal acta relating to the ahipment and
dischargeof seamen, and the duties of consuls."
Mr. C. «aid this was a bill which it was not necessary to com-
mit. It "fas ene which afforded protection to seamen, and hoped
that it wou'd he passed without delay.
No objection being made, the bill was then read the third time
and passed.
Mr. REYNOLDS, from the Committee on the Public Lands,
reported back to the House without amendment, Senate bill en-
titled l,An act for the relief of Peter Warner, oi Indiana; which
was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TALI At1 ERRO, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions, reported
A bill for the relief of John Morgan; and
A bill forthe relief of Esther Parrot;
which were read twice, and committed to the  Committee
of the Whole, and made the order ol the day for to morrow.
Mr. T. from the same committee, made an unfavorable re-
port in the cases of Abel Harruck, Benjamin Cox, Catharine
Cobb, Lucy Whitmore, Martha Conly, and Esther Honeywell;
which was ordered to he on the table.
Mi. T. also, from the same cemmittee, made an unfavorable
Tepoit on the cases of Solomon Jarors, Thomas Fulton, Eliza-
beth Nutter. Francis Chandler, Margaret Penn, Lydia Rogers,
Margaiet M'Caw, Mary Harrison, Bally Sanders, Rhody Polk,
Jane Johnson, Martha Lemon, Janetta McClure, Mary Biggs,
Elizabeth Christler, Margaret Smith, Lucy Catlett, and John
Oarey; which was ordered to lie on the 'able, and be printed.
Mr. T. from the same ce -i - e, made an unfavorable re-
port on the cases of Patrie!- ...mi, Phineas Allen, Catharine
Snider, William Keller, Tnv.dh Hunt, Robert Brownfield, Mel-
lon Potter, Catharine Hay ward, John Phillips, Wm. Steele,
Polly Wieginton, Pnineas Bell, Elizabeth Pratt, Samuel Phil.
lips, Lydia Wentworth, Jeremiah Cady, Benjamin Cox, John
P. Becker, Areneth Chapman, Lettis Pond, Nancy G. Van
■Rensselaer, Wm. Tevis, Hannah Leighton, Christiana Haw-
kins, Simon Early, Mary Kilbourn, Clayton and Mitchell, re-
presentatives of William Kemplin, Charles Tuttier, David
Tucker, the children of Mary Addons, Philip Sutton, Jeremiah
Needham, Aaron Bennet, William Slick, Hannah Strong, Da-
niel Story, children of Joseph Plumb, Penelope Plunkett,
Daniel Ingalts, Elizabeth Pierce, widow of Stephen Pierce,
Lore Smith, Sarah T. Field, Nathaniel Bradley, William Gilli-
lan, Ethan A. Allen, John Fisher, Jonathan Rogers, Peter
Houck, and Joseph Wilkinson; which report was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
On motion of Mr. TALIAFERRO, it was ordered that the
report of the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions, on the
petition of Reuben Roberts, be recommitted to the committee,
with the additional testitimony now presented.
Mr. ANDREWS, from the Committee on Revolutionary
Pens i ins, reported
A bill for the relief of Joseph Parker;
A bill for the relief of Leah Mundy; and
A bill for the relief of Benjamin Chapman; which bills were
severally read twice and committed to the Committee of the
Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. RAYNER, from the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, reported a bill forthe relief of John Hagie; which was
read twice and committed to the Committee of the Whole
House on to-morrow.
Mr. DAVIES, from the Committee on Revolutionary Pen-
sions, made an adverse report on the petitions of Betty Warner
and George Swingle; and the said cases were laid on the table.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, ordered, that the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions be discharged frem the further consi-
deration of the case of David McMullen; and that it do lie on
the table.
Mr. DAVIE3 also, from the same committee, repotted
A bill for relief of David Sherer; and
A bill for the telief of Desire Merriam, widow of Ichibod
Merriam.
A bill forthe relief of David Stervlns; which bills were se-
rerally read twice and committed to the Committee of the
Whole House.
On motion of Mr. DAVIES, ordered, that the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions be discharged from the case of Samuel
Potter; and that it lie on the table; his case having been settled
at the Pension offics.
Mr. CHITTENDEN, from the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, reported a bill for the relief of John Godfrey; which was
read twice, and committed to the Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. C. also reported back to the House, without amendment,
Senate bill entitled, "An act to authorize the payment of inva-
lid pensions in certain cases;" which was appropriately com-
mitted.
Mr. RANDALL, from the Committee on Invalid Pensions,
reported
A bill granting a pension to Seth Willey; and
A bill granting a pension to William H. Wilson;
which bills were severally read twice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. R also, from the same committee, made unfavorable re-
ports in the cases of Henry Overly, Aaron Adams, Theophilus
Sumerly, Samuel Spalding, William A. Houston, and Linza
Thomas; which were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. S. W. MORRIS, from the same committee, reported back
to the House, Senate hill entitled, "An act for the relief of John ■
McCloud, with a recommendation that it be rejected.
Also, reported back to the House, Senate bill entitled, "An ac-
tor the relief of John S. Billings;" with a recommendation that
it be rejected; both which bills were committed to the Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Mr. S. W. MORRIS reported, from the same committee, a
bill for the relief of John Flood; which was read twice, and
committed to the Committee of the Whole to-morrow.
Mr. S. W. M. from the same committee, also made unfavora-
ble reports in the cases of Amanda A. Dade, Pugh Cannon,
Daniel W. Church, B. H. Manlief, Jesse Oldham, John John-
son, William Perry, Leonard Wardwell, Madison Collins, Syl.
Tester Nash; which reports were ordered to lie on the table.
On motion of Mr. S. WrfWORRISS, the Committee on Inva-
lid Pensions was discharged from the petitions of Aaron Mel-
Ion, and Titus Everhart, and leave was given them to withdraw
their petitions. And discharged from the cases of Achael
Whitcomb, Timothy Cavan, and Jared Buckingham; and that
they lie on the table.
On motion oí Mr. PALEN, the Committee on Invalid! Pen-
■ions was discharged from the further consideration of the
cases of John Russell, Joseph Ellery, Henry Eberly, Seth Mor-
ton, Pattick Kennoti, John C. Farrell, and they were ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. RAYNER, from the Committee on Roads and Canals,
reported a bill to provide forthe construction of a direct com-
munication between the waters of Albemarle sound and the At-
lantic ocean, on the roast of North Carolina, accompanied by a
detailed report in writing; wuichbill wasxead twice and com-
mitted, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. R. said this was a subject of some interest, and wished
the House would indulge him in a motion to have 2,000 extra
copies printed.
Mr. TURNEY objected, and the motion was not pressed.
Mr. BEATTY, from the Committee on Patents, reported
back to the House, without amendment, Senate bill entitled an
act to make certain appropriations for the patent office; and the
bill was committed to the same Committee ot the Whule
House to which was committed the bill for the further promo-
tion of the arts.
Mr. PETRIKIN, from the Committee on Public Buildings
aad Grounds, reported a bill authorizing the erect'un of an ad-
ditional building for the accommodation of the War Depart-
ment; which was read twice, aad committed to the Committee
of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. STANLY7, from the Committee on Expenditures on the
Public Buildings, made a report in relation to the expenditures
on the public buildings in the year 1339; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and he print* d.
Mr. UNDERWOOD, from the Select Committee on the me-
morial of the heirs of James Rumsey, deceased, reported a bill
for the relief of the said heirs; which was read twice, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the whole House Ui-morrow.
Mr. U. from the same Select Committee appointed on the
memorial of Samuel Raub, jr. praying the passage of such an
actas will insure the amplication of his recently invented "Dou-
ble self-acting saftty v«lve" to all steam vessels in the employ
of the Government,' madeadetailed report on the subject of
explosion of boilers of steamboats, accompanied by three bills,
viz:
A bill to proovido for purchasing the patent for Raub's Self-
acting Safety Valve;
A bill to authorize the President of the United States to em-
ploy persons to construct apparatus, With a view to extinguish
fires on board steamboats, and to test its utility; and
A bill to amend the act entitled "An act to provide tor the bet-
ter security of the lives of passengers on board vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam;"
which bills were severally readtwice, and committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, and
ordered tobe printed.
Mr. UNDERWOOD said, it was now too late to act on these
bills at the present session. He hoped that the Honse would ■
consent to have 5,000 extra copies of the report and bills printed,
so as to let the matter go before the country to awaken public
atention; and that, at the next meeting of Congress, they will
feel better prenared to act upon the subject.
Mr. BIDDLE objected, and the motion was not pressed.
On motiin of Mr. LINCOLN, the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, was discharged from further pursuing the
inquiry into the propriety of enclosing the public grounds
west of the Capitol, and the removal ol the naval monument
from the Capitol yard.
Mr. BROCK WAY, from the select committee on the subject,
repoted a joint resolution authorizing the erection of a monu-
ment to the memory of Captain Nathan Hall, of Connnecticut;
which resolution was read twice, andjCommitted to the Commit-
tee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee of Claims, reported back
to the House, Senate bill entitled, "An act for the relief of John
L. Scott," accompanied by a report, recommending that the said
bill be rejected;
And report?d back Senate bill entitled, "An act for the relief
of John Mitchell and B. F. Fox," with an amendment:
both of which bills were referred to the Committee of the Whole
House on to-morrow.
Mr. R. also reported back, with an amendment, Senate hill en-
titled, "An act lor the relief of James H. Relfe;" which was
committed to ihe Committee of the Whole House to-morrow.
Also, reported back Senate bill entitled, "An act for the relief
oí William P. Rathbone," with an amendment and report in
writing; which bill was referred to the same Committee of the
Whole House to which was referred the bill for the relief of
the legal representatives of John Barnes.
Mr. BOND, from the Select Committee to which had been re-
ferred the memorial of William Wright, in relation to the affairs
between the United States and the Commonwealth Bank of
Boston, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Select Committee of five appointed on
the memorial of William Wright, have power to inquire into
and report upon all matters relating to the collection and settle-
ment of the claims of the United States against the late Com-
monwealth Bank; that the Committee have power to send for
persons and papers, to appoint a clerk, to proceed to Boston for
the purpose of prosecuting its inquiries; and that the members
thereof be excused from attendance in the House until it shall
have made its report.
Mr. BOND said that, at so late a period of the session, he
did not know what better could be done with the resolution
than that it should lie on the table.
Mr. TURNEY accordingly made that motion, and it was
agreed to.
Mr. EVANS, from the Committee of Ways and Means, re-
ported a bill to revive and continue in force an act authorizing
the payment of certain certificates, approved May 7,
1822; which was read the first time, and by order the second
time, and ordered to be committed to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the. Union.
On motion of Mr. EVANS,
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be dis
charged from the consideration of the subject of guard lenceson
the Cumberland read; from the petitions nf citizens of the State
of New York for the improvement of Oak Orchard harbor;
against the further improvement of Black Creek harbor; and
the memorial of the Legislature of Iowa for the improvement
of Des Moines Rapids, and that the same do He on the table.
On motion of Mr. CONNOR,
Ordered, That the Committee of Ways and Means be dis-
charged from the bill making an appropriation for continuing
the improvement of the Hudson river; and that the said bill do
lie on the table.
Mr. MARK A. COOPER, from the Committee of Ways and
Meaos, made unfavorable reports on the cases of John 6. Ford,
D. W. Haley, and others, sureties of Alfred W. McDaniel and
David Watkinson and company; which reports were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of Claims, reported
A bill forthe relief of George Randall, and others; and
A bill for the relief oí Presley Scott;
which bills were severally read twice, and committed to a Com-
mittee of the WholeHouse to-morrow.
Mr. RUSSELL, fiom the Committee of Claims, made an un-
favorable report on the case of Shropshire ai.d Ro¡> ; which
was read, and ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. DAWSON, ftomthe Committee of Claims, reported a
bill for the relief of James S. Calhoun, accompanied by a re-
port-
Also, a bill to provide for the settlement of the claim of the
State of Georgia for the sel vices of her militia in the years 1835
and '¿¡6; which bills were read twice, and committed to a Com-
mitteo of the Whole House to-morrow.
Mr. GALBRAITH, from the Committee of Claims, made an
unfavorable report on the case of Robert McGuire; which was
laid on the table.
Mr. G. also made adverse reports on the cases of George A.
Winslow, John G. Bibb, John Wilson, Spanan Allen, Thomas
J. Stone, Samuel Carter, Allen II. Powell, Ri.fus K. Love, Sa-
muel ü. Varían, administrator of Davi I D. Varían, W. C. Ew-
ing and II. C. Ewine,IsaacCarmacK, John Brown, Adam Hall,
Arthur R. Owens, Turner Chamblio, Joseph M. t-hephard, Jo-
sjph Croskey and others, Aliord Sandy, John P. Baldwin, Sa-
muel D. Enoch, J. and M. Hamblin, William G. Sanders, Wil-
liam Cooley, Alexander Watson, Thomas W. Coker. ihe repre-
sentatives of Elbert Anderson and Co., Vincent J. Strickland,
William Fleming, lsaec S. MiAlleton, at. 1 William McKnaught;
which reports were ordered to lie on ihe table.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee of Claims, reported back
to the House Senate .'ill entitled An act for the relief of John
Richey; with a recommendation that it be rejected. The bill
was then committed to a Committee of the Whole House to-
morrow.
Mr. GIDDINGS, from the Committee of Claims, reported
hack to the House without amendment, Senate bill entitled "An
act for the relief of Samuel Mackay," and made a report re-
commending that the bill he rejected. The bill was then com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House on to-morrow.
On motion of Mr. DOWNING, leave was granted Alexander
Watson to withdraw the papers accompanying his petition.
#r. J. W. WILLIAMS, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported a hill for the relief of John M. Brodhead; which was ap-
propriately committed.
Mr. J. W. WILLIAMS also made an unfavorable report
on the case of Ephraim L. Gilbert; which was ordered to lie on
the table.
Mr. GALBRAITH, from the same committee, made an unfa-
vorable report on the case of Alexander W. Sanders; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee on Commerce, reported
back to the House without amendment, Senate bill entitled "An
act to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to procure steam
vessels for ihe revenue service;" which was committed to the
Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union.
Mr. C. from the same committee, also reported back to the
House without amendment, Senate bill entitled an act making
further provision to prevent the abuse of the flag o( the Unite!
States, and the use of unauthorized papers in the forcignslave
trade.
Mr. BURKE, from the Committee on Commerce, to which
was referred the bill from the Senate, entitled an act for the re-
lief of the leeal representatives of Aaron Vail, deceased, lata
Consul at L'Orient, made a report recommending that the bill
do not pass.   The bill was then ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. REYNOLDS from the Committee on the Public Lands,
reported a bill supplemental to the act entitled an act to grant
pre emption rights to settlers on the public lands, approved June
22,1838; which was read the first and second time, and com-
mitted to the Committee of the Whole House tomorrow.
On motion of Mr. GIDDINGS, Dr. John Gray had leave
granted to withdraw his papers.
One hour having elapsed, and the committees not having been
yet called through—
Mr. JONES of Virginia moved that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. MONROE hoped that the call of the committees would be
completed
And the question being taken on the motion to suspend, the
vote stood—ayes 49, noes 52; no quorum voting.
Mr. EVANS urgently requested Mr. Jones not to press his
motion.
Mr. S'TANLY also hoped the gentleman would withdraw it.
He (Mr S.) was in no hurry to proceed with his speech. Ha
was very patient.
Mr. JONES said that, as there was no quorum present, he
would move a call of the House.
Mr. PETRIKIN asked the yeas and nays on that metion;
which were ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 63, nays 64.
So the call was refused. And a quorum being now pre-
sent—
The question again recurred on the motion to go into com-
mittee.
Mr. CaVE JOHNSON asked the yeas and nays; which were
ordered, and, being taken, were—yeas 78, üays 54.
So the motion was agreed to.
And (at six o'clock) the House again resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state oi the Union, (Mr. Evans of
Maine in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The pending question was on the motion of Mr. Jones of
Virginia, to amend the bill by adding an appropriation of
$300,000 for the suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida.
Mr. STANLY addressed the committee in continuation of
his remarks commenced yesterday, whichhe concluded at about
8 o'clock.
Mr. LINCOLN wished to ascertain from the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, whether this appropriation
was intended to apply to the additiornl forces it was contem-
plated to send into Florida, for instance the l.noO men proposed
by the bill of the Military Con mi ate, or merely for the ex-
penses of the present mrce.
Mr. JONES was underetoo'' to eay that he had held no cor-
respondence with the Department on the subject, nor had he
deemed it necessary to make the inquirv.
Mr. LINCOLN said that in that state of uncertainty he should
