and the harbors on the lakes, to seek another point on the salt
waters to use the money hat should be appropr ated in com-
pleting the works a'rendy begun It waB a doctrine that he
(Mr.   ) pro eotetl againbt The West (.aid into the Natnnal
Treasury its lull shire ol the revenue, and he would never
content to a doctrine that would deprive her of hei equal pt r-
tion. This ««it water doctrine was the rock oo which all the
future hope* ol the West would be ultimately wrecked. He
did not deny but that the West mialit contingently and i emote
ly be benefited by a navy yard at Pensacola, but he was unwil-
ling toabandon those woiks a .d haibors in which his State
was directly interested upon the prospect of sucha remote or
possible contingency; and if he voted to expend the whole of
the niuney that ca > be spared fiom time to time on the sea-
board, he cou d not hope lora dollar to aid e.ther the l umber
land road or the protecti in ot W estero commerce on toe lakt s
He desired to see how Senators wou'd vote who had de jed to
the West a participation in the benefits ot the pub..c Tr> asuiy,
and suffered her works to go to destruction for the want of small
approp lations.
Mr. CUTHIjERT would suppose that the peculiar'ebject of
the gantlemai. ln.m Indiana asa Western man would be to eive
ample protect.^, to the Gulf of Mexico, which was the great
outlet for the products of ti e West He said this in perfect
good temper, and it appeared to him that all who lived in the
Western country were interested in our hav is points on the
Gulf where a navy could lie in safety The gunleman, as a
Western man, was peculiarly ínteiested in this measure, and he
could not but indulge the hope that upon reconsideration he
would give it his support.
Mr. CALHOUN was glad that the Senator from Indiana had
treated this matter in reference to Western inteitsts, for u was
susceptible of demonstration that it was peculiarly a Western
measure, and that the Western people ere more deeply inte-
rested in it than any other. 'I he Senator had called for the yeas
and nays in hostility to the amendment, because an appropria-
tion was not made for the Cumburland road. Why, the Com
berland road was not worth the hundredth part of this measure
to the Western people. Besides, in the euppphesof the navy,
the West was to be greatly looked to for supplies of bcek, pork,
corn, ar.d iron He was <rlad the Serater had called for tre
yeas ani nays, as he was hostile to the measure, that his nan e
on the yeas and nays might go to the Vv est, and show the people
how he supported then interese.
Mr. BENT ON was glad that the Senator from South Caro-
lina had moved this am mimenr. 'I he interest involved m it
was one of the largest to the West. The immense valley ol the
Mississippi had I ut one nutlet. Its most valuable products were
disembogued 10 the Gulf of Mexico, and when they got there, they
wanted adequate piouction He looked upon the whole Gulf as
coining but an est uary of the Miss sjppi 1 hat we m ust have a
naval eta lou there, and that Pensacola was the pnint, could cot
be doubted
That w e must also have a strong naval post either at Key
Westor the Diy Toitugas, was equally clear The time would
come when our people would Bpeak of the Gulf of Mexico as
the Romans did of ti e Mediterranean "Mare nosti am"—''our
sea"—ihey would say; and upon it our most valuable property
is 11 be assailed. He thanked the Senator from South Carohua
for his mo'ion,and hoped it would prevail.
Mr. HENDER&ON spoke of what he conceived the almost
criminal ignorance of the Government in relation to the defence
of the Southern maritime frontier. Itlnewnothi gof anysur-
Terys in relation to the defence of a coast that passes off two-
thirds of all the exports of the country.
[Mr H here nadan extract ofa letter which he had received
from the Department.]
Here thousands, nay, millions, of the property of the South
and West disembogues itself at poma where there was not the
slightest move yet made tor us protection. He felt glad ihat the
Senator Irom Siu'h Carolina had called the atteut'on of fie
Southern and Western senates to the subject anu he hoped to
■ee others mov ing in a point of bo much magm'ude Mr II
said, a large portion of oui naval officers and the na\\ commis-
sioners were all Northern men, with Northern feelings and as-
sociations, [Mr. Clay, in an under tone "Surely we have a
Northern man with Southern feelings,"] and consequently not
likely to look to South rn interests Mr H sa'd he was not
prepared, however, to say that Pensacola was the best spot for
a naval depot, or that the ports of Moblie and New Orlea s
would be properly piotected. He thoLght, however, it might
go far toward  it.
Mr SMI TH of Indiana said the Senator from South Carolina
Mr. Calhoun] seemed to think that he (Mr S ) had mistaken
its position And the Senator had attempted to show that
Western interests would be benefited by the appropriation, and
from this the Senator had argued that he (Mr. S) was op-
posing the interest of his State. This conclusion of the Sena-
tor (t-iid Mr S.) is not warranted by the premises he has as-
sumed Mr S had admitted that the West mighf be contin-
gently benefited by the proposed woiks, but he placed the
question on other grounds. He was oppored to the doctrine
by which this measure was to be carried. The Sena.or from
South Carolina [Mr Calhoun] had spoken of having dued up
the appropriations by whl h the West had heretofore received
a portion of the money that section had paid into the National
Treasury.
[Mr. Calhoun here said he spoke of wasteful appropria-
tions.]
Mr. SMITH said he presumed the Senator from South Caro-
lina would admit that whether an appropriation was wasteful
or not, was a matter ot opnon. What the Senator Irom
South Carolina might th nk wastelul, he (Mi. S ) might possi-
bly think otherwise. He cou d a^uie the Senator that it
would be difficult to make the people of his Sta e believe that
an appropriation to complete the Cumberland mad would b* a
wastelul appropnatien Nor could the Sena or easily s.tisfy
that poi a >n ol the citizens of the \\ est connected with the com-
meiceof the lakes ilia the improvtmeniof th. n harbors w« uld
be a wasteful apprnpi anon, however the voles of Senators
might be upon those subjects of W eswrn interest.
It was ui.imaied (said Mr. S ) that he sh >uld go for this ap-
appropnation because the citizens of hi  S ate might be ime-
rested in the work. Ho had wken his stand on this subject.
He wished to be set down as opposed to this whole salt water
doctrine; not that he denied the com>tnutional powers of the
Government to construct works in ai 1 of the commerce on the
seaboard; far from it; but he had for years seen the tendency of
the administiaiion of the Government to draw the whole appro-
priation  to the salt water The doctrine was, that the consti
rational (powers of the Governmect commenced upon the
CONGRESSIONAL £L0M!.
ocan, and terminated at the ex reme ol the flow of its waters
upon the land    Some were willing to extend it to the lakes
when thete was money in the Treasury lo spare, which had not
bei-n the cise jf late, at least foi that purpose,   lie did not
i'eny that the people of his State might be r. inole'y am' con-
tmg^ntly benefited by this a propnation, bu' he would give no    ,
tat ction by his vote to a doctrine that would draw from them
every doll r of their specie through the public land offices, and    I
through the imposts, and exclusively appropriate it on the sea-    '
board, for the immediate benefit of those who deny the power of
the Government to appropriate a dollar to objects of immediate
imerestto the We¡>t    Not a dollar could be had ft rtheCtnr>ber     I
land road or the harbors on the lakes, and they aie to be left to
go to destruction, while the money which should hav c been ap   ¡I
,    piopriatedto Hem is to be thrown upon the s aboard    lie !'
ca'led the |ieople of the West to tins view of the case
1       Mr HUUBaRD spoke at some length asainst the adoption of   ,
|    such a proposition at mch a time, and that, too, when some of |
i    the very friendsof the measuie were i'oubtful whether PenEa- '
i    cola was the proper place or not    He hoped the motion would '
I    nut prevail.                                                                              ¡
I The question was then taken on Mr Calhoun's amendment,
j and it was a?ieed to by the to'lowirg vote:
I YEAS—Messrs Allen, Anderson,~Bet.ion, Brown, But harían,
j Callioun, Clav of Alabama, Cuthbert, Dix n, Fulton, Hr-nder-
Bon.Kmg, Knight, Linn, Lumpkin, Norvtll Preston, Roane,
Miuth of Connecticut, Strange, bturgeon, lallmadge, Walker,
1     Wall, and Whl e-25                                                                 I
j       NAYS -Messrs   Clay of Kentucky,  Clayton,   Crittenden,
I   Grundy, Hubbard Nicholas, Phelps, Porter, Ruggles, Smith of
Indiana, Tappan, Williams, Wright, and Young—14
'        Mr TAPPAN then moved to strike out  that part of  the
i    bill making appiopriation for dry docks at New Yoik and
Pensacola.
Mr BUCHANAN supported the motion.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama and Mr. V\ RIGHT opposed it.            !
Mr. BUCHANAN would say a few words in reply to the Se-
nators from Alabama and New York,  [Messrs   Clav and    |
Weight ]    1 he Senator from Alabama contended that this was
the mere appropriation of a sum neiessaryto make surveys at    '
New\orkand  Pensacola, for the purpose of a ceriainu «r the
utility and practicability of constructing dry do< ks at those
places    Was that the faci7    Certain y not, accoidngt i the
language of the bill     There were SKj.OPOapptoi nated at each
place absolutely anda pon ion of it wat to be tx| cndif be ore
the first ol Maich next in in kingauiveys    The appr | r ation
was absolute, and  he C mztees of the United *iaics wou 'i ne-
vei hear oftliissuh|ec' «fain till'he bites were fixed an 1 a por-
tion of the money expended.   Now would it not be right, be-  j|
fore making this ur¡ ortant ap|i>' nation   that  thry "should    '
make the surveys')   3. all we now ■ id Mr B in a blinds Ji f-
dencein theNavy Deparimet , o *  y )tl u Depar'men: o fthc 1
Government, declare that we -lieu'   bj'oi ndb) tt.eirdcjsii n,    I
and thata«soon as Ihey art si'i fei )i  I e | racucV'ili'y ol es    ]]
tablishing diy docks at New   \oikiii   1 ensacoli, that Oiey   j'
should góon and cons tuct them without liirtl ei dnertionftom    |
Cingreso1    That  «as the question, and the on'y lucsuon.    '
Where was  the necessity for this-   haste?     Nmlouiita dry  l|
dock was necessary at New York, a "(i alto at Pet satoia, b\it .'
let such necessity be demonstrated and at the ne\t ses= on of 'i
Congress, with all the information teioie them, it would le    ]
time enough'o at propnme the amount sulnuTit to constmct,,
them.   What was the s ate of the Tiedsury now7   Why. t ey  li
had to borrow money to defray the ordinaiy cxpendituies of   -¡
the Government, bid, in the course of the next session of Con-    i
gress, things might grow better or worse.   By that time the    |
surveys  would have been made and laid before them, and    i
Congress could then be guided wisely ' y the state of the Tiea-    j
stiry.   But here was an appropnat on to be expended before
the end of the next session of Congress, except the sum neces     !
i    rary Or preliminary tunej8     Y\asthat wit-elegislation?   He
1'   con li'fred New York and Pensacola in  the «ame situation.
Nothing could ho done beioie the next session of Coi gress but
fixingthesii.es    Bejond that he was not willing to g i    The    '
Senator fiom New Hampshne [Mi   Huebakd] was willing to
make an ample.ippropnation loi that purjwse, and for that he
should vote, but he could not conceive any casein which he
would be wiling to place in the hands ol the Executive the    ¡
¡lower of determining  hethet such works should be con-
atrurted, and so large an amount of money to be appiopiiattd
without the further action of Conaress.   He objected to the
principle involved, and if there was but one Senator to join him,
he would uprose it.
The question n as then taken on Mr Tappan's motion, and    ¡
decided in the affirmative—yeas 21, nays li),as follows                  ,
YEAS—Messrs Brown, Buchanan, Clay of Kentucky, Clay-    !
ton, Crittenden, Dixon, Grundyr Hubbard, Huntington, Knight,
M> rrick, Norvell, rhelps, Porter, Ro?ne, Smith of Indiana, Stur-    ,
geon, Tappan, Wall, Williams, and Young—21.
NAYS—Messrs Allen, Anderson, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,    J
Cuthbert, Tulton, Hendctvon, Kme, Linn, Lumpkin, Nicholas,    i
Prenon, Rugbies, Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Tallmadge,
Walker, White, and Wnzht—19
The amendments from the committee (except as above) were    ¡
all agreed to.                                                                            ' ¡
Mr HENDERSON moved an appropriation («30,000) for a    (
survey of the coast between Momle and the mouth of the Missis-    i
sippi
This amendment,  advocated  by Mr   HENDERSON and    '
opposed  by  Mr.   WRIGHT,   was agreed  to, by yeas 21,
navs 10
It was afterwards modified in Senate, so as to make it a sur-
vey of thecoasi of the Gull of Mexico
On motion of Mr W lí 1GHT, the above f 30,000 was required    '
to be taken from the general appropriation lor a survey of
the coast of the United States.
The bill at half past 3 o'clock was ordered, as amended, to be , i
ergrossed
MILEAGE OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS.              I
The b ll for establishing a uniform rule of computing the 11
mileage of members of Congress having leen read a thud f
lime—
Mr GRUNDY, altera few remark* on the forfeiture by the
bill of the dally pay of a member of Coneress, in ca=e of his ab-
sence at any one call of the yeas and nays, moved to recommit
the bill to the Judiciary Committee,(as the se'ect committee was
defunct,) with inetiuctions to rt-port a substitute, providing for
the appointment, at an early day of each session, of a joint
committee to determine and report the mileage of every mem-
ber, according to the laws now in force.
Mr. CLAY of Kentucky   hoped the motion would not sue-
mu i      iritrn*** !  iii   i
ceed Two great objects would be attained by this bill, one tre
lejulationof the mileage, end the otlii r a Correctn n of the
great abuses (in hearing of wh'ch Mr C w ould not say iiow
much he wasthoiked,)in regard to the stationery if members
of Congrtss He hoped the good work done yesterday would
not be undone
Tie motion was further opposed b> Messrs TAPPAN HLB
BAR   ml CLAY ol   Kentucky, and advocated by Messrs
TALLMADGE and GRUNDY; when the question wes taken by
yeas and nays, and decided m the nigatne, as follows  yeas 9,
nays 23
Mr TALLMADGE then moved to postpone the biM until the
fir&t Mwiddv m December next, and on that motion he demanded
the yeas and r ays
The motion was lost—yeasS. nays24.
Mr WHITE delivered his view  at some length against the
bill,cillinsit imptacticable, and BaiJ he had toe much respect
for his constituents to vole for it
The question wis taken on its passage, and carried—>eas 28,
na>-8, as follows
YE\S—Me-trs Allen, Anderson Drown.f!uchanan,Calhoun,
Clay, ol Alabami, Clay of Kentucky, Cutlet den < utbbert,
Ful'on, Giu uly Hubbaid, imn mpti n, Kn g, Linn, Lum| km,
Verrtck, Nich las, PieHun, Roane, Tappan, \\aiker, Williams,
Wrigl t, and \ ounn—25
N*Y?—M ssrs   Benton, flavton, Dixon   Hcnuerson,   Nor
veil Smith of Indiana lallmadec andWiiKc—8
DISTRICT BMNKS.
Mr. MERRICK moved to take up be bill tocortmic the cor-
porate exist nice ot the bankb of the Distr ctol Columbia, when
some objections weie marie as to the lateness of the hour, and
indications rrade for an ai ] ■mrnment.
Mr \V ALKER said he eould not atrree to adjourn, though he
mitht as well state at once Ins objections to rechartering any
bank in a state of suspension
Mr. MERRICKstill prissed the recessity there ex sted for
taking up thisbill. He thought the Senate was si fficiertly in-
formed i-n the subject, ard le did not think it wou'd occupy
much wf their line The sooner it was begun the eoorcrit
would be ended At all even's, it could b taken up and pru-
gresseu vvtth as faras the patience ol iht Sttaie wou'd admit,
after so long andrxhaustine asntin", and 1 e hoj ed a tnajwiiy
of the Set ate wou'd suet in his moil t.
Mr ALLEN said, if thr Senator In m Vai}!snd suppo«<d
that sueh a bill was to make its wav thiongh ti e body at tilth
a time, he was mistaken. It could not be do> e He had
amendments to ofler and some icmaik  torn ke which would
take up some tin e.
Mr BROWN moved an adjournment, but the motion was
lost by a vote of 17 to 12.
And the bill was then taken up and resd v\h«n
Mr ALLEN offered several amentiir ents, which were rend,
changing the entile character ot the bill as reponed fum the
committee    The amendments v eie all ordered to I e j< it ttd
Mr HUBBARD piesented ore, which was also oidered tn lie
printed, to the effect that the banks should not pay out the rotes
of any other bank when said banks are in a slate of eutpta-
sion.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES
Saturday, July 11,1840
Mr RAYNERasked leave to submit amotion for the print-
ing of 1 030 extraiopiesof acertain íeport made by him ye 
tcrday from the Committee on Roads an J Canals.
Mr. TIIRNEY objected
Mr CURT S asked that the bill, heretofore reported by Mr.
Hillen Irom the Con mitteeon Commerce, repealing the New
York pilot law, be «ommitledto the Committee of the Whole
on the s'ate of the Union
Mr CHARY obircted.
1 he SPEAKER then called the committees for Teporls, com-
mencing (where the call was suspended visterday, with the
Conmiiuee on the Public Lands,
On motion of Mr LINCOLN, the Committee on the Public
L?nan was discharged from the fur her consideration of the
memorial of the Legislature o> Missouri, in relation to pre-
emption nahts to lands, and k was ordered to 1 e on the table
Mr LlSCOLN,from the Committee on the Public Lands, re-
ported bai 1. to the House withou' amendment Senate bill enti-
tled an act for ihe relief of Daniel B  Bush, and
An act au honzing the luhabitarts of Fiactional township
ten sou'h of range one eas , in theStateof Aikai."as,to enter
one hall section of land for school puipo es, which wtreseve-
lallv committed to a committee of the wholeHou-e to morrow.
Mr MASON, from the Committee on the Public Lard*, re
ported back to the House, without amendment, Senate bill en-
titled an act to grant other lands to the inhabitants of townships
deprived of the sixth section by Indian reservations; which
was ordered to be commuted to a Committee of the Who'e
House to morrow
Mr M. from the same cemmittec, reported a bill to continue
in force the firet section of the act entitled "An act to exttnd the
time for locating Vnginia military land warrant?, and rtturrung
surveys thereon lo the General I and Offi"e," appioved July 7,
1838
¡Mr M asked that the bill would be read the third time, and
put upon its passage.
Mr PETRIK1N objected It contained a donation of land,
and shouid be committed He made a motion that it be referred
to a Committee of the Whole House
Mr MASON made some remarks, showing thatitdid not
contain an appropriation It was not originating new legislation,
but simp'y extendirg an existing act
The question was taken on the motion to refer to the Commit-
tee ol tf e Whole, and disaereed to
The bill was then read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr M ASON,
The Committee of the Whole House was disrVgrged from the
further consideration of the bill for the relief of bonntv land
warrants granted for mill ary eerv ces in the. rmy ot the United
States, in ihe late war berweio Uniter' States ai li Great Britain
Messrs CASEY and UNDEliWOOD made so e remarks
showing the necessity and propriety of ruteirg the bill, ard it
was read the third arcordme to order, ancfpaíífd.
On motion of Mr MASON,
The Committee of the Whole was discharged from the consi-
deration of the bill to extend the time of issuing military land
warrants to officers and soldiers of the Revolutionary army.
The bill having been ordered to be engrossed, waa engrossed, and:
th« questien being "Shall the bill pasa V
Mr. BOND opposed its passage.
