CONGRESSIONAL GLOBÉ.
527
thought tint the proposition came from himself to increase the
number to «meen hundred, as he did not believe that one thou-
mn I would bssumcient, and thus maks four battalions instead
ol three.                                       ,                        ,,        ,
He(Mr M )saw the Secretary, and mentioned it to him, that
ofir*r concurred in the opinion that an increase of this cor,s
wiMi'd beadvraable, but ha did not ask lor them, as he believed
thai Congress wmld not willingly grant an increased number,
and 'earedthat the number aueadyasked lor would be refused
Mr TllOMPoON said Tnerefore I stand justified to the full-
est ex'ent as to what I didsay It the purpose 01 the gentleman
[Mr. Kb.mblbI w.i« to prove that he was not the member alluded
10, lie has succeeded, if to excúlpatele Secretary of War from
the charge of cotasking as Urge a force as he deemed expedient, i
he has failed                                              ,
Mr KEMBLE elated that, as a member of the Military Com-   |
imttee, be had concurred in the increase proposed, not from any
intimation on the parto! the secretary, but because he believed   '
it to be far more economical to employ regular troops than
mounted militia— the only description of force to which the Ve-  >
nartmect could recur—the first cost ol which, besides the waste,
was, by the reports to this House of the lasi session, at least six   i
for one, besides the loss of horses and waste of military noies,
ami the embarrassment caused in the movements of thearmy.      |
The dread of the Florida war was so great that recruits could
not be found to 611 the ranks of the army.   This bill proposed
9 certain bounties oi enhs jnents for the war, but fanner than
t at no addi'ional expense would be incurred, inasmuch as the
ofR ers wou'd be temporally drawn fro n the army.
Mr. K would take advantage cf the occasion to an-
^weraninquny of the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts—whether, if this ni'l passed, any further appropriation
than wiiat was a«ked loi bv ihe Committee of Ways ard Mea' s
, ifviuld be requned to carry it into effect? He understood that
.«dch was not the mtentio ¡ of the Government, but should the
bill not pass, a further appropnati >n would probably be le-
quired to meet the additional cost of a volunteer force of mount-
ed militia.
Mr K would say a few words in relation to the armed
occupat't n biU, which it had been his duty to report from the
committee—that this bill was no novelty in the history of the
country, tha it was based on principles sanctioned itnoughout
our whole history, and more parucn arly adopted in the settle-
ment of Kentucky and Tennessee; with this difference, that we
a .ould su ip y the settlers with piovisions and ammunition for a
crtain specified time, but incurring no other expense, and it
by vhese means we could render the aettkrs asetficient in occupy-
ing the country, and thus wresting it from the Indians, as troops
uld do, it did appear to him, that the plan recommended itself
By its economy as well as its efficacy
Mr. McKAY alluded to the charge, made ~n yesterday against
-irae of the Government officers in Flori 'a, and contended that
sucha moje ofa'tacfc was extremely unfair, as there was no
i,jportuu<*y f*r the tierno i^ accu«ed to explain, or vindicate
themselves in any manner whatever.
Ho contended ihai the Administration party in the House had
in no instance refused to vote for a proper investigation into
alleged abuses, when resolutions*Tor the purpose were worded
ma proper way. But sometimes such resolutions were so
worded, that they could not be voted tor by the friends of tha
Administration. For instance, there was the resolution recent-
ly offered by the gentleman from Virgini a, |Mr. Botts, ] in íe-
lition to the case of Lieutenant Hooe. Instead of that being a
umple call for information, a long preamble was affixed to it,
in relation to ' Northern men with Southern principles," and
much more such matters, so that, with such a preamble, no
friend of the Administration could vote for the resolution,
without censuring hints If and the party to which he belonged.
If gentlemen would simply call for inlormation without any
>uch objectionable appendages, they would never have cause
to complain of a want of co operation on his part.
;Hr M'K then, at some length, took a review of all the c*r
cumstances connected with the increase of the army, and
•showed from documenta try evidence, that propositions for the
increase of the army, ins e-id of coming from the Aumtuistra-
uon party, had been ma,'e by the Opposition themselves.
The remarks of Mr. McKay will be given in full here-
«fter.
Mr. AD 4MB inquired of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means [ vlr Jones] whether the sum of three hundred
thousand dollars intended to be appropriated by this amend-
ment was intended to apply to a bill (not yet before the House)
authorizing the President io raue s x'eeti hundred men in addi-
,  Hon to tl ie present existing standing army?
Mr JONES of Virginia could scarcely be heard in reply;
but he was understood to say that there was a communication
on this subject from the Secretary of War, which would give
the information desired by the gentleman from Massachusetts
Thecommumcation was in the committee room, and could be
sent for in few minutes
v Mr ADAMS wished, he said, to have that question settled
, before deciding whethei he could vote for this appropriation or
not Thebill'which authorized the President to raise sixteen
hundred men contained no appropriation.
■ Mr JONES could not see, he said, how an appropriation
could be made in this bill ior a force not yet raised, and to
authorize the raising of which there was, as yet, no law in ex-
istence
Mr ADAMS said he then understood the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means as stating that he did not tin
derstand that this sum of (300,000 was to be applicable to the
law providing for an additional force of 1,600 men; that was to
say, that if that law should pass, (containing, as Mr. A had
stated, no appropriation,) it must be provided either by the bill
now before the committee, or there must be another appropri-
ation made
-Mr JONES understood this to be an appropriation of «300,000
to carry out existing laws of the land, and that whether the ad-
ditional force contemp ated in another bill were raised or not,
this sum would be required for the particular service to which
' it was designed to be applied
>   Mr. A. referred to, and read passages from the act of July,
1636, etc                                ^^^
[Here the document above alluded to, from the Quartermas
te^s Dopartinent, in relation to the estimate required for ser-
-vices m Florida, was read ]
Mr ADAMS was not yet satisfied, he said, that this sum of
of $300,000 might not be expended in part by the President for
this new corps. He did not, however, say that such was the
design; but, in the uncertain shape m which the matter now
ftooa, he should fee} compelled to vote against ft,  Tfcw he
would not do, if he could consider the appropriation as confined
to expenditures which had been incured The bill to raise the
additional force he regirded as an act for ihe continuation of
the Florida wai, and if he had not entertained that opinion be-
fore, he should certainly have formed it alter listening to the
remarks made yesterday by the Delegate from Florida, LMr
Downing ] He (Mr A ) was not for carrying on that war, he
was loi bnming it to an end and he believed'the President had
it in hispowei, with one quarter partof this appropriation, to
close the war to morrow, and the Pre=ndent had possessed
that power every day and year since the war had first
broken out
Mr. A then proceeded to speak of the two reperts which had
been made by ihe majority and minority of the Committee on
the Militia, the latter, he said, he had read with pleasuie,
but not so the former. And he would proceed to give his rea-
sons.
The CHAIRMAN having her  announced the hour of half-
past two,
The House took a recess until 4 o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess
The consideration of the Army appropriation bill, was re-
sumed in Cemmittee of the Whole, the questi in being on the
amendment appropnatirg $300,(00 for thesuppression of Indian
hostilities in Florida.
Mr ADAMS continued his remarks in favor of closing
the war forthwith, wh'ch he contended the Pre«ident
could do if he chose, with one quarter of the appropri-
ation asked for He went at much length into an exami-
na'ion ol all the circumstances attending the prosecution of the
war, and concluded by urging the adoption of mild instead of
forcible and vindictive measures
Mr. BOTTS then look the fljor, and moved that the committee
rise
On this motion tellers were ordered, when no quorum voting,
the committee rose, and that tact was reported to the House
Mr WISE moved to adjourn, which motion wis decided in
the neeatize, by yeas anil nays as follows—ye s 37, nays 105
A quor m now appearing, the House went again into commit-
tee, and Mr Botts commenced his remaiks He had not pro-
ceeded more t' an five minutes, when it being obvious that a quo
rum was not present,
Mr TALIAFERRO moved that the committee rise, which
motion prevailed.
Mr STANLY moved to adjourn, which motion was nega-
tived— yea-= 31, nays 52.
Mr DANA moved a call of the Hou3e, which motion was
also negatived—yeas 44. nays 46
The motion to ad)Ourn was then renewed, and rejected as
follows- yeas39, nays 63
Mr DANA rent wtd his motion for a call of the notise, and
the \eas and i ays being ordered, weie, yeas 70, nays 39
So the ••all wat>oidertd
Mr WISE moved to i piirn, and the yeas and nays being or
deied were, } eas 40, nays 75 So the Heuse refused to ad-
juuin.
The Clebk then called the roll, after which 124 members an-
swered to their names.
A quorum now being presen', ail further proceedings in the
call were dispensed with
The House then went again into committee, and Mr   BOTTS
resumed aud continued his remarks until half past ten.
The committee then ro e for want of a quorum.
Mr WISE moved to adjourn; but the motion was negatived-
yeas 24. nays 62
Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi moved a call of the House,
which was ordered
Mr MONBOE moved to adjourn, which motion was nega-
tived by tellers, as follows—ayes 30, noes 62
The roll was then called, when 103 members anawcred to
their names
Thedoore were then closed, and excuses received for the ab-
sentees, until
On motion of Mr. WISE,
At half pask eleven o'clock, the House adjourned—yeas 42,
nays 40.
IN SENATE,
Wednesday, July 15,1840.
Mr. PIERCE, from tne (Jummittee on Pensions, to which was
referred the petition of Wilfred Knott, asked to be discharged
from the further consideration thereof, which was greed io
The following resolution, submitted yesterday by Mr Wil-
liams, wasconsideredand agreed to-
Jieaolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
communicate to Congress, as early as may be at the next ses-
sion, a list or the officers of ihe navy of the United States, de-
noting the periods of their admission into the public service,
the dates ol the'r present commissions, and the time of their
actual service at sea, and at yards, stations, and hospitals, in
separate columns, since January 1, 1824.
rCN&ION BILLS
, The following bills from the House, to wit. Acts for the relief
, of John England, Catharine Allen, Pnebe Dickinson, John
Keelei, Elizabeth French, John U. Genther, Willnm A Cud-
I neback, Sarah Oakley, Reuben Murray, Jacob Adam-,
i Jo-eph Bailey, John Latham, James Phelps, Conrad
Widng, Elizabeth Case, administrator and heirs of
I J hn Lmdsey, ad i inistrator of Lamech B anden, heij-s of
Michael Seitsinger, Ann Bloomfield, Benjamin Mitchell,
James Deatly, David Mellon, Mary Hunter, Mathew Wiley,
James J Coffin, George Mornss, Peter Headnck, Job Wood,
Fielding Pratt, Samuel B Hugo, Levi Johnston, Neil Shannon,
Martha Strong Asenath Campbell, Thomas Wilson, William
Poole, Myron Chapín, Joseph W Knipe, Simon Knight, Robert
Lucas, Wilfred Knott, John Davis, Samuel M Aebury. James
Bailey, William Sloan, Levy M. Roberts, Thomas Collins, Hi-
ram Sauls, John H. Lincoln. Nathaniel Davis, Barton
Hooper, Isaac Justice, Samuel Brown, Lieutenant John Alii
son, Jabcz Collins, Hugh Davis, Elijah Foochpe Thrusten Cor-
nell, James Smith, Robert Whtttel, Lyman N Cook Benja-
min McCulloch, John Lybrook, Christian Brougher, John Pi-
per, James Cutnmings, William Butlerfield, John Brown, Da-
vid Wilson, Isaac Austen, Elijah Blodget, Stephen Appleby,
Isaac Boyd, William Glover, Naihan Baldwin, James Boy-
Ian, William Neil, Charles Risley, George Hommill,
Helen Miller, Robert Frazier, James Fleming, which were
severally reported by the Committee on Pensions unfavorably,
were taken up, and their further conuderauon indefinitely post-
poned,
11
The bill for the relief of Josiah Strong, was laid on the
table
°«Jn?Ílon bX Mr. HUBBARD, the bill for the relief of Jo-
8ePh M Hernandez was ordered tobe engrossed
The bills lor the re'ief of the following persons were taken up
as in committeeof the whole, and were ordered to be engrossed
for a thini leading, to wi orthe relief of William Rand. Ja-
cob Beeker, Mary Snow, Mary Piettvman, El'zabeih Davidson,
Margaret Jatm^on Erastus Pietson, heirs «f Leonard
Smiih, Philip Hartman, James Fcancher, William
Andrews, Chauncey Kice Seneca Ruler, Sylvester Tif-
fany, biael Parsons Med*! Cook. P.t*. W Short, Ichatod
IWrdslev PeterA Myers, Daniel W Going, Wiliam Bowan,
G deou Sheldon, JUred WuHow, Lyman Bnstol, and 1 nomas
Bennett, were considered as in con-nutee of the whole, and oí
dered to be engrossed for a third reading
finlÍT passed b'"8 "^ ,ubsetiuemly read a *"ird time, and
^"m "í."" byiMr H,,BBARD, the bill for the relief of Jo-
seph M. I lernandf z was read a third time, and passed.
i The bill to incorporate the late banks of the District of Co-
, Inmbia was taken upon in thud leading, and after some re-
marks fiom Mr MERKICK, i, opposition to the bill, and Mr.
CLAY of Alabama in favorofit, u was lost—ayes 16, noes 20.
as follows                                                                            '
y EA*—Messrs Anderson, Brown, Buchanan, Clay of Ala-
bama, Cuthbersl-ulton, Grundy. Kme, Nicholas, Roane, Stur-
geon, Tallmadge, White, Williams, Wright, and Young—16
NAYS-Messrs Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Claj ton, Dixon,
Henderson, Huhbard, Knigh¡, Lumpkin, Merrick, Mouton
Pierce, Poru>r, Preston Robinson, Ru 'sles, Smith of Connecti-
cut, Smith of Indiana, Tappan, and Wall—20
Mr PRESTON t len moved a reconsideration of the vote by
which the bill wis negatued and the motinn to reconsider was
advocated by Messrs GRUNDY, WRIGHT, CLAY of Ala-
hama, and ANDERSON and opposed by Messrs MERRICK.
SMITH of Indiana, PH ELI'S, and DIXON.
Mr. BUCHANAN said he wished to make some remarks on
this question, but as there was important Executive business,
he would, with the consent of the Senate, move to postpone the
further cons deration ol the su'iject till tomorrow.
The Senate then w^nt into Executive session,
And afterwards adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Wednesday, July 15, 1840.
Aftar ihe jonrnal had been read,
Mr STANLY, pursuant to notice, moved to
ampnd the same by inserting therein the reasons
offered by h m on yesterday mornin.2, for asking
i1 leave to be excused from voung on the motion to
j su ppnd theru'efor the pu.pse of receiving the
i resolution of Mr. Chapman, in relation to tbe en-
\\ lisiment of colored persons in the army and navy.
|l After serme debate of a colloquial character the,
question was taken on the motion to am«nd, by
jeas and nays, and negatived as follows—yeas S3,
nays 120.
Mr. CHITTENDEN a«ked permission to make
a report from a select committee, of which he was
chairman; but it was rbjected to, and the House re-
fused to suspend the rules for Ihe purpose.
Mr. POPE asked the cons nt of the House to
take u¡> the bill regulating the mileage of members
which had been returted from the Senate amended.
Object ons having twen made,
Mr. P. movpd to suspend ihe rules for the pur-
pose of considering said bill, and called for the
yeas and nays, which were refused.
The question was then taken by count, and re-
sulted—yeas 43, nays 114.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. J. W. JONES a^ked perm'ssion to lay be-
fore the Hou-ve a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, in relation to the present con-
dition of the finances, for the purpose of having it
printed.
Mr. PROPPIT objected, but subsequently with-
drew his objection; when
The communication was laid before the House,
and, without being read, was ordered to be printed.
To which communication the following statement,
sho'viog the condition of the Treasury, was ap-
pended, v.z:
Statement cf receipts and expenditures from January
1 to July 1, 1840, as ascertained and computed,
RECEIPTS.
From customs           •           •           •   $6,940,000
Lands           ....     i'680,000
Miscellaneous           ...          40,000
[Those for the last quarter are taken
from the running account, and for
June mostly estimated ]
Prom the issue of new Treasury notes
Made available, and collected from
indebted banks     •
Aggregate
#8,660,000
1,836,009
585,885
$11,082,694
