528
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
EXPENDITURES.
Excluding trust funds, the funded
debt, post office, and redeeming
Treasury notes      -
Funded debt            -
Redemp'ion of Treasury notes, in-
cluding principal and interest, as
carried on the books
$10,036,364
8,233
2,964,710
Apparent aggregate    - $13,009,307
Deduct amount of notes comí uted to
be redeemed in 1839, but not car-
ried on the books until 1840          -        400,000
Real aggregate as computed     - $13,549,307
The difference between the actual receipts and
and expenditures has been paid out of the available
balance on hand at the beginning of the year.
SUMMARY STATEMENT.
Probable deficiency of receipts in du-
ties in 1840, arising from conti-
nued suspenson of specie pay-
ments and commercial embarrass-
ments
Probable deficiency of receipts aris-
ing from new judicial decisions on
on the tariff         -
Probable deficiency in receipts from
lands      -
-    $2,000,000
500,000
750,000
Whole amount of deficiency   -       3,250,000
Add what is due from banks, being
still contingent as to its payments,
including principal and interest   -       2,900,000
Whole sum, in estimated receipts,
considered doubtful         -          -       6,150,000
This may be met by the Treasury
note bill to the extent of its means       5,000,000
Balance left      -          -       1,150,000
Add probable excess of expenditure
out of old appropriations tor Flori-
da war, Indian treaties, <&c.        -       1,750,000
Probable excess of new appropria-
tions beyond annual estimates     -       1,500,000
Leaving to be provided for on all ac-
counts     ....       4,400,000
But if no excess of new appropria-
tions is intended to be made, de-
duct        ....       1,500,000
So, if the new appropriations shall
be reduced below the e-tímales, to
the extent of the balance, deduct -       2,900,000
Leaving, in that event, no balance to be provided
for.
The debts due from the banks being also equal
to about ihe same amount, no new means furnished
for that will probably be used, if the oanks season-
ably pay all which ísdae from them.
On motion of Mr. J. W. JONES the House then
resolved ibelf into Committee of the Whole on
the slate of the Union [Mr. Evans of Maine in the
chair] lesnmed the consideration of the bill making
appropriations for (he support of the army for the
year 1840; the pending question being on the mo-
tion of Mr. Jojues of Virginia to amend the bill by
adding thereto an appropriation of 300,000 for the
suppression of Indian hostilities in Florida.
Mr. WISE then took the floor and spoke for
three hours in a general review of the circumstances
which, in his opinion, led to the commencement of
the war in Florida. In the coarse of his remarks he
replied to some portion of the speech of Mr. Botler
of Kentucky, on Saturday laat, in relation to the
Swartwoat Commutee. Mr. W. also descanted
at some length on the qualities of the blood hound*,
which the people of Florida had procured from
Cuba. In the course of his speech Mr. W. al-
luded to the purchase of negroes from the Iudians
in Florida, and in connection with that, referred to
the permit given by President Jackson to General
Call, in the application of the latter to trade for
negroes.
Mr. W. THOMPSON rose only to do justice
to a gallant and honorable man—Gov. Call. Al-
though the gentleman from Virginia did not charge
that gentleman with any thing wrong in rela'ion to
the permit which was granted by Gen. Jackson to
purchase negroes fiom tat Indians; yet such a con-
struction might be put upon the gentleman's re-
marks. Gov. Call had no interest whatever in
that transaction, nor any agency in it further than
this: he happened to be in Washington, and on the
application of two friends in Florida of as high
character as any there or elsewhere, he obtained
the peimission for them to do what they had a
right to do without such a permit.
Mr. T. further ¿¡aid, that the fact of claims for
indemnity for fugitive slaves were not made before
the fund for that purpose was disposed of, does not
faise even a presumption that such claims, were un-
just, most of them being cases where the slaves
have run away to the Indians since; aud a1? to those
of an anterior date, the country has been in all the
confusion since of a state of war.
After Mr. WISE had «oncluded,
Mr. KEIM took the floor; and in the most point-
ed manner replied to the sarcasm? of Mr. Adam3 on
yesterday, in his attack and criticism on the report
of the Committee on the Militia, some notice of
which will be given hereafer.
The hour cf half-past 2 o'clock having arrived,
The House took its u«ual reo.pss.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess,
The Committee of the Who'e resumed the con-
sideration of the army appropriation bill; the ques-
tion pending being on the amendment appropriating
$300,000 for the suppression of Indian hostilities in
Florida.
Mr. KEIM being entitled to the floor, resumed
his remarks in reply to the illnatured criticisms of
Mr. Adams on the report of the Militia Committee
in favor of the plan of the Secretary of War for a
reorganization of the militia.
Mr. K. after defendng the language of the report
as strictly correct, proceeded to notice more parti-
cularly an objection of Mr. A. to a certain Latin
phrase used in the report. He proved to the mem-
ber that in objecting to the words, he had been at-
tacking Cicero himself, for the phras-e is the report
w?s a literal quotation from that illustrious man.
Mr. K. then favored the hypercritical gentleman
with the chapter and line where the words weje to
be found; and having done so, said he would leave
him and Cicero to settle the matter between them-
selves,
Mr. K. then proceeded to say that he did not set
himself up as a rhetorician. He was content with
using plain language, and did not care so that it
could be understood by those by whom it was de-
signed to be read. He had never wasied hi  days
and nights in abstract studies. He had never at-
tempted to trample on any one, nor would he suf-
fer any one to trample on him with impunity.
He had no objection to any attack, provided it was
done on the principle of courtesy, and in accor-
dance with those rules which characterize order.
But when the attack assumed the appearance of
malignity, he would repel it in the manner which
it deserved. After some further remarks?, Mr. K.
in a very severe manner, proceeded to show that
the language of the report was correct, by a re-
ference to the work of Mr. Adams himse'f on rhe-
toric. (Mr. A. to all appearance, did not lis'en to
this cutting reply with much patience, for he was
constantly askng to explain, and kept jumping up
and down like the key of a piano.)
Mr. K. was shorty afterwards called to order by
the Chair, on the ground that a reply to literal
criticism was not relevant to the subjeet before the
committee.
Mr. K. submitted to the decision of the Chair,
but thought it strange that the gentleman from
Massachusetts had not been called to order when
he was making the attack.
Mr. ADAMS then made some brief remarks, by
way of rejoinder, in the course of which he gave
Mr. K. full credit as a gentleman of high literary
standing, and was glad that the affluence which the
gentleman enjoyed was so liberally devoted to the
patronage of the fine arts.
Mr. TRIPLETT then took the floor, and made
some general observations in relation to the plan
of the Secretary of War for a reorganization of ihe
militia.
No other member rising to speak, the question
Wff  th a taken on the amendment appropriating
$300,000 for the suppression of Indian hostilities
in Florida, and was agreed to,
Mr.CAP-TER of Tennessee moved to amend by
inserting an apptopnation of $10,0U0 for the con-
struction of a brass bomb howitzer, or the principle
of the invention of J. W. Cochran, under thedircc-
direction of the Secretary of War.
The question being taken, the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. A. McCLELLAN moved to amend by in-
setting the following: "For indemnifying John L.
Cline for the amount of a judgment recovered
against him for acts performed in the execution of
his official duties, while in the service of the United
Stales, §642 07.
Mr. McCLELLAN observed, that the reason
this claim had been ,'elajed so long was, that a
promise Bad been nnde by the chairmai of the
Comrait'ee on Indian Affairs, to report a Ml for the
satisfaction thereof. As that gentleman had omit-
ted it, he (Mr. McC.) conceived it his duty to offer it
as an amendment to the present bill. He then
gave a detailed statement of the circumstances of
the cas<% and trusted there would be no objection to
i s recep ion.
The CHAIR, however, ruled the amendment as
out ot order.
On motion of Mr. JONES, the committee then
rose and reported the bill to the House with two
amendments.
Mr. RAMSEY then rose, and said, thai however
anxious he would otherwise have beeu to speak on
this bill, the advanced period of the session admo-
nished him that there was no more ¡time for de-
bate. He therefore moved the previous ques-
tion.
The call for the previous question was then se-
conded, put, and carried, and the main question or-
dered to be now taken.
Mr. MASON of Ohio asked that the question
misht be taken separately on each amendment;
which was ordered.
And the first amendment—to wit, that which ap-
propriates the sum of $19,765 for repairs of arse-
nals damaged by storm and fire—was concur-
red in.
And the question then being on concurring with
the Committee of the Whole on trie state of the
Union in the amendment appropriating 300,000
dollars for the suppression of Indian hostilities in
Florida—
Mr. MASON of Ohio asked the yeas and nays,
which wore ordered, and beng taken, were—yeas
123, nays 23, as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Alford, Hugh J. Anderson, Andrews, Ather-
ton, Banks, Baker, Beat'y, Beirne, Blackwell, BoyJ, Briggs,
Albert G Brown, Burke, Bynum, Calhoun, William B.
Campbell, Carr, Carioll, Carter, Casey, Chapman, Clark,
Clifford, Connor, Mark A. Cooper, William R. Cooper,
Cross, Gushing, Pana, John Davis, John W. Davis, Dawson,
Dellet, Doan, Dromgoole, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Evans, Fine,
Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith, James Garland, Rice Garland,
Goggin, Hand, John Hastings,, Hawes, Hill of Virginia, Hillen,
Hook, Hopkins, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph Johnson,
William (>>st Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John
W. Jones, Keim, Kemble, Kdlc, Leadbetter, Leet, Lewif,
Lucas, McCariy, McClellan, McKay, Ma'lory, MarchaDd,
Miller, Monroe, Montgomery, Newhard, Nisbet, Osborne,
Parrish, Parmenter, Paynter, Petrikin, Prentiss, Ramsey,
Reynolds, Rhett, Robinson, Edward Rogers, Russell, Ryall,
Saltonstall, Samuels, Shaw, Shepard, John Smith, Thomas
Smith, Stanly, Siarfcweathtr, Siecnrod,Stroog, Stuart, Sumter,
Sweney, Taliaferro, Taylor, Francis Thomas, P. F. Thoma?,
Jacob Thompson, Tririett, Trumbull, Tiirney, UnJerwood,
David D. Wagener, Peter J. Wagner, Warren, Watterson,
John White Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, Joseph L.
Williams, Wise, and Worthingten—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Bond,   Coles,   Cranston, Edward
Davies, Edwards, Gates, Giddings. Goode, Wm. S. Hastings,
James, Lincoln, Mas >n, Calvary Morris, Rariden, Ridgway,
Simonton,Slade, Till.nghast, and Lewis Williams—23.
So the amendment was concurred in.
And 'he question then recurring on ordering the
bill (as amended) to be engroised for a third read-
ing—                                                            .   ,
Mr. LINCOLN said that, having voted against
the amendment, and being disposed to vote for the
bill notwithstanding he had done so, he would atk
the yeas and nays; and they were ordered, and, be-
ing taken, were yeas 150, nays 0.
