S35
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ths farmer a liberal reward for his
yielding to
labor.
This report of Mr. Owen, was made in pursuance
to a resolution of the House of Representatives
passed on the 6th of February of the last session,
and is in the following words:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be prepared and presented
to the next Congress at an eaTly day, a plan for the
disposal of the public mineral lands, having refe-
rence as well to the amount of revenue to be de-
rived from them and their value as public property,
as to the equitable claims of individuals upon them;
and that he at the same time communicate to Con-
gress all the information in possession of tha Trea-
sury Department relative to their location, value,
productiveness and occupancy: and that he cause
such further information to be collected, and sur-
veys to be made, as may be necessary for these pur-
poses.
In pursuing the wishes of the House, considerable
expense had already been incurred, which would
be lost unless this document was given to the world.
Mr. Owen had pursued the subject with ardor, zeal,
and with a critical and scientific eye. He with
much care collected, arranged, and marked speci-
mens of the various ores found on the public lands
surveyed by him. So that a person desirous of
commencing mining operations can call on the
Commissioner of the Land Office and find the quar-
ter section marked on the ores; this will greatly fa-
cilitate bim in him in his researches, made with a
view to a perminent location. The publication of
this rrport will unfold one leaf of the vast volume
of wealth the God of heaven had bestowed upon
the magnificent valley of the Mississippi, and pay
back to Europe a small portion of the great literary
debt we owed that continent. It would be republish-
ed there, and sought for by the scientific inquiring
and emigrating portion of the community. He
said he was aware of the embarrassed state of the
Treasury, and was admonished by it of the ne-
cessity of economy in the public expenditures.
But the printing this document, he believed most
sincerely, would have the effect of replenishing,
instead of exhausting it. He hoped, therefore, the
Senate would order its publication, and give the
superintendence of it to the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, as he was very desirous to
have it made public for the benefit of the country
and national domain.
Mr. HUNTINGTON said he had great confi-
dence in the views and opinions of the Senator from
Missouri. But there appeared to be no certainty of
the extent of the expenditure. One Senator set it
down at §15,000 or $20,000; another at so many
hundreds; and a third at not more than considera-
ble. Under these circumstances, and considering
that the Government was compelled to reson to
__________                                                the table, and it was so ordered as follows
paper"money of its own, Mr. H.'expressed the hope^if    YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buchanan,   Calhoun
that the resolution would lie over till the next ses-   I Clayton, Davis, Dixon, Huntington, King, Knight,
sion.
Mr. ALLEN spoke in favor of now adopting
the resolution, and insisted that the wants of the
Treasury was a strong argument in favor of it, for
it would bring money into the Treasury.
Mr. LINN read the resolution of the House of
The Commissioner of the Land Office, he said, was
often called on forthis kind of information, and it
was important that he should be able to present it
in a ready and convenient form.
Mr. WALKER said he had examined the docu-
ment with some care, and he had risen from its pe-
rusal with feelings of pride, astonishment, and de-
light. No document could be more useful, and it
would be published and republished throughout
Europe. It was due to the West that it should be
published.
Mr. DAVIS again urged that the delay till the
next session would be short, and that, considering
the state of the Treasury, it ought to lie over. He
moved its postponement till the next session.
Mr. CALHOUN also spoke in favor of post-
poning it, and of rigid economy in every depart-
ment.
Mr. KNIGHT said: Having had some experi-
ence in the examination of the cost of engraving
maps and drawings, I have come to a different con-
clusion as to the amount of the cost of engraving
than that expressed by the Senator from Missouri.
I am of the opinion that it will cost nearly as many
thousand dollars as the Senator supposes it will
cost hundreds. But if it is to be printed, we should
leave it with the Secretary of the Senate to make a
contract for the engraving on such terms as he
shall deem best. By so doing we shall save a large
sum that otherwise will be expended.
I should like to have a greater number of copies
Sprinted for the use of the Senate than the resolu-
tion proposes, so as four or five copies might be
distributed to each Senator for the purpose of dif-
fusing the information it contains more generally
among the people. If the document contains the
valuable information represented, we ought not to
hide it under a bushel, but publish it for the use of
our citizens. As to the want of money in the
Treasury that has been suggested, I conceive it to
be of little consideration. We can issue a few
more Treasury notes, and print it now as well as
at the next session.
Mr. LINN admitted that the privilege of printing
had probably been abused, and he would aid in
correcting it at the next session, by reducing ths
printing of memorials, reports, &c. many of which
ought not to be printed. But he thought this work
ought to be published.
Mr. Davis's motion to postpone the subject
till the next session was negatived as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun,
Clayton, Davis, Huntington, King, Lumpkin,
Merrick, Nicholas, Phelps, Prentiss, Roane, Rug-
gles, Smith of Indiana, Strange, Tallmadge, and
White—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbeit, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard,
Knight, Linn, Mouton, Norvell, Robinson, Smith
of Connecticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and
Wall—18.
Mr. DAVIS moved to amend the resolution by
requiring that the work should be done under the
direction of the Secretary of the Senate, (as usual,)
and on the most favorable terms.
This amendment, after a few remarks from
Messrs. TAPPAN, DAVIS, and LINN, was re-
jected as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clayton, Davis, Dixon, Hun-
tington, King, Knight, Lumpkin, Merrick, Phelps,
Porter, Prentiss, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, Tall-
madge, White—15.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton,
Brown, Buchanan, Calhoun, Clay of Alabama,
Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundv, Hubbard, Linn, Mou-
ton, Nicholas, Norvell, Roane, Robinson, Smith of
Connecticut, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker,
Wall, Wright—24.
Mr. DAVIS now moved to lay the resolution on
Representatives, by which this survey was ordered. "^RETROCESSION  OF  GEORGETOWN AND
Lumpkin, Merrick, Nicholas, Phelps, Porter, Pren
tiss, Roane, Ruggles, Tallmadge, White—19.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Anderson, Benton, Clay
of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard,
Linn, Mouton, Norvell, Robinson, Smith of Con-
necticut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wall—17.^
ALEXANDRIA.
Mr. MERRICK, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported a bill making provi-
sion for ascertaining the wishes and will of
all the people of the District of Columbia,
not within the limits of the city of Wash-
ington, in regard to their being retroceded
to the States of Maryland and Virginia re-
spectively: read, and ordered to a-second read-
ing.
BUSINESS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. LINN, by consent, introduced a joint reso-
lution (and obtained its immediate consideration)
prov;din« that, after six days in the second session
of any Congre-s, now and hereafter, the bills, &c.
acted on and decided by eiiher H.use, and remain-
ing untouched or unfinished on the table of the
other House, should be deemed so far valid, and
should be acted on precisely as if there had been no
adjournment.                                              nmr
This resolution, was opposed by Messrs. BEN-
TON, CALHOUN, and GRUNDY, and advo-
cated by Messrs. LINN and HUBBARD; and laid
on the table.
FLORIDA WAR.
On motion of Mr. BENTON, the bill providing
for   enlisting 2,500 volunteers to serve for two
years in the Florida war, was considered, and or-
dered to be engrossed.
EXCHANGE OF FOREIGN BOOKS.
Os motion of Mr. TAPPAN, the joint resolution
providing for the exchange of extra copies of books
in the Congress Library, and of public documents
for those of foreign countries, was taken up and
considered.
M/. RUGGLES, from the Committee oa Com-
merce, moved to amend the resolution by an appro-
priation of $500 to effect an exchange of certain
weights and measures with England, France, Rus-
sia, and Holland. Negatived by ayes 9, noes not
counted.
The resolution itself was then rejected by ayes 9,
noes not counted.
DISTRICT BANKS.
The Senate again proce:ded to consider the bill
to continue the corporate existence of certain banks
in the District of Columbia, the question being on
Mr. Preston's motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was rejected.
Mr. BUCHANAN addressed the Senate at
length in favor of the motion, and was replied to
by Mr. MERRICK.
After some further remarks by Messrs. PHELPS,
GRUNDY, MERRICK, WALKER, HUNTING-
TON, and DAVIS, the question was taken on re-
considering the vote, and it was negatived—ayes
18, noes 31, as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Brown, Buchanan,
Clay of Alabama, Cuthbert, Fulton, Grundy,
Henderson, King, Nicholas, Roane, Strange,
Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, Williams, Wright,
and Young—18.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Clayton, Davis,
Dixon, Hubbard, Huntington, Knight, Linn,
Lumpkin, Merrick, Norvell, Porter, Phelps, Ro-
binson, Ruggles, Smith of Connecticut, Smith of
Indiana, Tappan, Walker, and Wall—21.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on Finance,
reported the bill making appropriations for the
army for 1840, with sundry amendments; which
were ordered to be printed.
The bill providing for the enlistment of 2,500 vo-
lunteers to serve in Florida, was read a third time,
and passed.
Mr. MERRICK presented a remonstrance of
citizens of Washington to the passage of the bill
for the renewal of the charter of the city of Wash-
ington; which was ordered to be printed.
Mr. WHITE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution for the exchange of do-
cuments was defeated.
And the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,
Thursday, July 16,1840.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina asked the
consent of the House to make a report from the
Committee of Elections in relation to the New Jer-
sey contested election.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS objected to the recep-
tion of the report.
Mr. CAMPBELL moved a suspension of the
rules; and on that motion demanded the yeas and
nays.
The CHAIR informed the gentleman from South
Carolina [Mr. Campbell] and the House, that the
question pending when the House adjourned on
yesterday evening, was the motion to suspend the
rules for the reception of the report.
Mr. EVERETT inquired of the Chair what was
the regular business in order during the morning
hour.
The CHAIR replied that reports would be in
order.
Mr. BELL said he had not the slightest objection
to the reception of the report in its order; bat he did
object as proposed.
Mr. PETRIKIN said it was the object of gen-
tlemen to suppress the report in the hands of the
committee; and it was with that view they opposed
