the reception. If the rules were not suspended,
some oiher report would be interposed, and a de-
ba'e would be gotten up for the purpose of staving
off the reception of this report, and thereby to de-
feat any action upon it this session. That was the
real intention of gentlemen of the Opposition, what-
ever mi«ht be their professions.
Mr. RIVES said he hoped the gentleman from
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] and the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Everett,] would withdraw their
objection, as it was merely the wish of the com-
mittee that the report* should be received and or-
dered to be printed, and made the special order fcr
a future day.
Mr. PETRIKIN rose to a point of order. He
contended that the report should be received as a
matter of right. It was a privileged question: one
involving the right of members to seats, and the
rights of a sovereign State to be represented on
this floor. It was therefore in order to report at
any time.
The SPEAKER was of the opinion that it was
not a privileged question. It was a regular report
of a Committee on Elections, and could not be re-
ceived out of its order, except by a suspension
of the rules.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina said he
differed with the Speakbr, and coincided with
the opinion expressed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Petrikin;] and, notwithstanding he
had moved a suspension of the rules for its recep-
tion, and wished that motion to be decided, he did
not wish to be understood as yielding fh? opinion
of his right to make the report as a question of
privilege; and should the House refuse to suspend
the rules, he would then insist on the question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER said the question would be
taken on the motion to suspend the ru'es.
Mr. CRAIG demanded the yeas and nays on
that motion; which were ordered.
Mr. L. WILLIAMS moved a call of the House,
and on that motion he asked the yeas and nays,
which were ordered; and, being taken, were, yeas
53, nays 87.
So the House refused the call.
The question thtn recurred and was taken 6n
the motion to suspend the rule, and resulted as fol-
lows: yeas 115, nays 64.
[The Whig party voted against the suspension
of the rules for the reception of the report; or, in
other words, to suppress the report, and thereby
evade the vote on ths question this session.]
So (there not being two-thirds voting in the affir-
mative) the rule? were not suspended.
Mr. DROMGOOLE then obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina, who said
that he had Bwo reports from the Committee of
Election1!, involving the rights of members to seats
on this floor, and he submitted that the question
was one of privilege, and that, as such, it was enti-
tled to precedence over all other business.
The SPEAKER decided that a report from the
Comrsittee of Elections was not a question of pri-
vilege; and supported bis opinion by reference to
the case of contested election from the State of Mis-
sissippi, which occurred at a former Congress, by
which it would be seen that the House could not
have so considered it a privileged question, as it
was determined that it required a vo'e of two-
thirds to make that case the special order for a
particular day.
From this decision Mr. CAMPBELL of South
Carolina took an appeal.
Mr. STANLY made some remarks in opposi-
tion to the reception of the report—a report of a
description which nobody, he said, cared any thing
about.
Mr. McKAY hoped the gentleman would with
draw the appeal, and a majority of the House
ceuld refuse to go into committee; and if th« gen-
tlemen of the Opposition did not interpose ques-
tions which would give rise to debate, the report
would be reached in the courte of the day.
Mr. CAMPBELL said his duty to the country
and a respect for the rights of the claimants, would
not permit him to take any cpurse which might de-
lay or defeat action on the subject.
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The appeal was spoken to briefly by Messrs.
CAMPBELL, STANLY, McKAY, and CUSH-
ING.
When Mr. TURNEY moved the previous ques-
tion, which was seconded.
Mr. PROPF1T asked the yeas and nays on or-
dering the main question, which were ordered; and,
I being taken,   were—yeas 124, nays 66.
[The Whigs voted against ordering the question  I j
to be put; and thus staving off the question,]             i
So the main question was ordered to be now  i
taken.
Mr. STANLY raised the question   of order,
whether certain members from New Jersey, whose   i
names he had heard read, (Messrs. Dickerson, &c )  i,
had a right to vote. In the early part of the session
it was decided that members from New Jersey
could not vote in their own case.                             ,'
The CHAIR was understood to reply that they
had the right to vote on the appeal.
i      The question   then recurring  "Shall the deci-
sion of the Chair stand as the judgment of the
House?"
Mr. PROFFIT a*ked the yeas and nays, which
were ordered.
And the Clerk having called that portion of the
roll which includes the names of members com- ,
mencing with C—
Mr. STANLY again rose, and inquired whether
certain members from New Jersey had a Tight to
vote.
The SPEAKER said the proper time to raise the
question would be when the call of the foil was
completed.
The roll having been called through—
Mr. STANLY raised   the question of order, 1
whether Messrs. Dickerson and Co. were entitled   i
to vote?
The SPEAKER said that this was a mrre pre-
liminary question Of order as to p-ecedence of bu-
siness, and not a question affecting the personal
rights of the members alluded to.
Mr. STANLY. Does not this question of order
affect their rights?
The SPEAKER said that the interest which the
New Jersey members had was, whether they were
entitled to seats or not. The question now before
the House was a mere question of precedence of
business; and the Chair, not seeing that they had
more interest in that than any other, was of opinion
that the gentlemen were entitled to vote.
Mr. STANLY appealed from the decision, and
submitted to the Chair that the House had already
decided this question.
The SPEAKER asked the gentleman to specify
when.
Mr. STANLY said he did not exactly know.
Mr. ADAMS.   There was such aMecision. The
question was raised during the time that I was in
the chair.   I decided then that the members from
New Jersey had a right to vote, the question of in-
terest, as I expressly stated at the'time, being, not
their individual interest, but the interest of their
constituents.   The House reversed my decision,
and the gentlemen were not permitted to vote; and
now, whether this be a preliminary question or not,
when I am called upon to vote, I shall vote accord-
[ ing to the principles I then assumed, and not accord-
ing to the decision of the House.
Mr. BRIGGS inquired of the Chair whether the
result of the vote would be changed by the ad-
mission or rejection of the votes of these gentle-
men?
The SPEARER replied in the negative.
Some delay took place in looking for the record
of the decision, during which,
Mr. STANLY expressed himself willing to
waive his right to the floor, if the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means would consent to
go into Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. JONES (though the question was one of
great importance, involving the rights of a sovereign
State, and rights of members to seats, and did not
wish to procrastinate action) did not yield to the
sugaestion.
After a few moments—
Mr. ADAMS said that there must be a record of
the decision.
:531
The SPEAKER said that the Clerk stated he
could not find such a deci-don as the gentleman
had reference to. It was probably before the or-
ganization of the House, when it «as decided that
ntither party were entitled to vote.
Mr. ADAMS. I am not responsible for the
making up of the journal at that time, or any other.
I state the fact, however, that such a decision was
made.
Mr. STANLY inquired whether, if he waived
the question now, with a view to go to the regular
business of the country, he could bring it up to-
morrow.
Tne SPEAKER replied that it would be too late.
Mr. STANLY then said he must insist on the
decision of the appeal at this time. After a few
remarks, in which Mr. S. expressed his own opi-
nion to be that these gentlemen ought to vote, but
said that he was desirous that the House should
abide by its own decisions, he asked th<s yeas and
nays on his appeal; which were ordered.
Mr. VANDERPOEL demanded the previous
question; and there was a second.
And the main question was ordered to be now
taken.
And the main question, " Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House?"
was then put.
Previous to the announcement of the vote,
Mr. DAVIS of Kentucky rose and said that he
had at first voted in the affirmative-—but that he
would change his vote on the ground that these
gentlemen were no more entitled to seats in this
House than any other person. If he could con-
sider them so entitled, he would sustain the deci-
sion of the Chair. As it was, however, he could
not do so.
Mr. MONROE rose and said that for the same
reason he would chan e his vote.
And the votes of both gentlemen wers recorded
accordingly.
The SPEAKER then announced the vote to be:
J yeas 125, nays 38.
So the House sustained the decision of the Chair,
by which it was declared that Messrs. Dicker«oií
and Co. were entitled to vote.
The SPEAKER then announced the vote on the
original appeal taken by Mr. Campbell of S. C. to
I   be: yeas 88s nays 95.
So the House reversed the decision of the Chair.
And it was thus declared that the question of a re-
port from the Committee of Elections was a ques-
tion of privilege, and entitled to take precedence
over all other business.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina. inen
made a report in the case of the New Jer-ey con-
tested election—moved the printing of the report,
evidence, &c and that it made the the special order
of the day for Saturday next. And Mr. C. de-
manded the previous question.
The report of the minority of the committee con-
cluded as follows:
"Thus it appears the result of this investigation
has been to increase the majority of the five claim-
ants who received the greatest number of votes
from the whole State, and the committee recom-
mend the adoption of the following resolution:
Resolved, That Petfr D. Vroom, Philemon
Dickerson, William R. Cooper, Dan.el B. Ry-
all, and Joseph Kille, are entitled to occupy, as
members of the House of Representatives, the five
contested ieats from the State of New Jersey.
Mr. SMITH of Connecticut, on leave, presented
a report from the minority of the said committee, and
moved the printing.
[The minority report was of great length. The
minority believe that three of the Whig contestants
were (from testimony which they produce in their
report, and which the majority of the committee
did not believe competent testimony) entitled to
seats, though they conclude their report withiut
recommending by resolution any action on the con-
clusions to which they came ]
Mr. PROFFIT inquired of the chairman of the
Committee of Elections [Mr. Campbell] whether
the evidence was a part of the report.
Mr. CAMPBELL was understood to say ot
course it was so.                     „ ,    ,        ,.      ,
Mr. PROFFIT.   Then I call for the reading of
