CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S83
reports of the two committees have been read t«
the House. The committee have been for months
examining the testimony and determining opon the
same.   Their report is right.
Mr. JAMESON woald not withdraw the motion
fer the previous question.
The previous question was then seconded, and
the main question ordered to be put—yeas 101,
nays 85, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Jndsoo Allen, Hugo J. Anderson, Athetton,
Banks, Beany, Beirne, Black, Blackwel!, Boyd, Aaron V.
Brown, Albert G. Brown, Burke, Sampson H. Butler, Bynurn,
Carr, Carroll, Casey, Chapman, Clifford, Coles, Connor, Craig,
Crary, Dana, Davee, John Davis, John W. Djvíí, Doan, Doig,
Dremgoote, Daman, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fisher, Floyd, For-
nance, Galbraith, Hammond, Hand, John Hastings, Hawkins,
Hill of North Carolina, Hitlen, Hook, Hubbard, Jackson,
Jameson, Joseph Johnson, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones,
John W. Jones, Koim, Kemble, Leadbetter, Leel, Leonard,
Locas, McClellan, McCulloh, McKay, Marchand, Medill. Mil-
ler, Vontanya, Montgomery, Samuel W. Moma, Newhard,
Parma, Pains, Paynier, Petnkm, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey,
Reynolds, Rives, Edward Rogers, Samuels, Shaw, Shepud,
Albert Smith, John Smith, Thomas Smith, Starkweather,
Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Swearingen, Swenny, Taylor, Philip
F. Thomas. Jacob Thompson, Turner, VanderpoeL David D.
Wagener,WaueraoQ, Wick, Jared W. Williams, Henry WU-
liams, and Worthington—101.
NAYS—MesKs, Adams, Alford, John W. Allen, Andrews,
Baker, Bell, Bond, Bolts, Briggs, Brockway, Calhoun, John
Campbell, W- B. Campbell, Carter, Churn, Cnittenden, Clark,
J. Cooper, Mark A. Cooper, Crabb, Cranston, Crockett, Curtís,
Cashin, Garret Davis, Dawson, Deberry, Dennis, Delist, Ed-
wards, Evans, Everett, Fillmore, Rice Garland, Gates, Gentry,
Gidduigk, Goggin, Goode, Graham, Green, Gnnnell, William
8. Hastings, Ha wee. Hill of Virginia, Hopkins, Hunt, Kemp-
shall, Lineólo, McCarty, Marvin, Mason, Mitchell, Monroe,
Mergan, Calvary Morris, Naylor, Nisbet, Osborne, Palen, Pope,
Promt, Randall, Randen, Rayner, Ridgway, Rus-sell, Saltón-
stall. Sergeant, Simonton, Slade, Truman Smith, Stanly, Stuart,
Taliaferro, Tilhnghast, Toland, Triplett, Trumbull, Under-
wood, John White, Thomas W. Williams, Lewis Williams,
Joseph L. Williams, and C. H. Williams—85.
The qoestion now recurring on the adoption of
the resolution appended to the report of the ma-
jority,
Mr. ANDREWS, for reasons assigned by him,
asked permission to be excused from voting; and
tat question being on granting leave, it was de-
cided in the affirmative.
Mr. EVERE IT asked to be excused, for reasons
which were read to the Hous; and on that motion
be asked the yeas and nays; which having been
ordered, were—yeas 70, nays 100.
So the House refused to excuse him.
Messrs. BRIGGS, ADAMS, LINCOLN, L.
WILLIAMS, DAWSON, MONROE, WADDY
THOMPSON, POPE, CAMPBELL of Tennessee,
BOND, SERGEANT, CUSHING, POFF1T,
CALHOUN of Massachusetts, BELL, SALTON-
STALL, SLADE, DAVIS of Kentucky, SrAN-
LY, EVANS, ALFORD, BOTTS, HILL of Vir-
givia, RARIDEN, OGLE, JOHNSON of Mary-
land4 and FILLMORE, successively rose, and
esked to be excused, or said that they would re-
fuse to vote for various reasons, such as that they
had not heard the volume of testimony read; that the
parties had not been heard at the bar of the House;
and that they could not sufficiently understand the
merits of the question from the reading of the re-
ports of the minority and majority of the committee.
The House refused those who made such a request,
and did not compel those who said (regardless of
the roles) that they would not vote. The excuses
are of too great length for this day's paper.
Mr. CAMPBELL of South Carolina ?akl, as
the burden of the excuse seemed to be that the
gentlemen did not sufficiently understand the sub-
ject conscientiously to vote, he would, to afford
gentlemen an opportunity to read the reports which
had been read at the table, and ordered to be
printed, move mat the House adjourn.
Mr. PROFFIT and many of the Whigs objected,
and Mr. P. demanded the yeas and nays; which
were ordered, and were—yeas 34, nays 107, as fol-
lows:
YEAS-Messrs/Boyd,A.V.Brown,William O. Butler,By.
nam, Calhoun, John Campbell, Chapman, Coles, Curtis,
Dana, Davee, Da vies, Dawson, Edwaids, Fornance, Galbraith,
John Hastings, Hook, Hopkins, Lewis, McKay, Marvin,
Montaeya, Petnkin, Starkweather, Swart, Bumpier, Taylor,
Francis Thomas, Jacob Thompson, Underwood, David D.
wiener, Warren, and Christopher H. Williams—34.
NAYS—Messrs. Alford, H. J. Anderson, Atherton,'Banks,
Beatty, Beirne, Bell, Blackwell, Bond, Belts, Briggs, Albert G.
Brown, Burke, Carr, JCaeey.Chinu, Chittenden, Clark, Clifford,
i£nn0T'JCr*,§> Cranston, John Davis, John W. Davis, G. Davis,
uenms, Dellem>oan, Drom?oole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely,
fcvans, Fillmore, Fisher, Floyd, Rice Garland, Gates, Goggio,
Graham, Green, Grinaell, Hammond, Hand, William S. Hast-
ings, Hawes, Hawkins, Hill of Virginia, Hubbard, Hunt,
Jackson, James, Jameson, Joseph Johnson, William Cost
Johnson,   Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Kemble, Kemp-
MÍÍLL<aí,rnC^' McC,«I,a". McCulloeh, Mai lory, Marchand.
Mason, Medill, Morgan.Newhard. Ogle, Osborne, Parrieh, Par-
menter.Pauis.Payuter, Pope, Prentiss, Promt, RamseyrRari-
&„ ,eynad8, S,de «y- *"<*>, Edward Rogers, Russell,
Samuels, Sergeant, Simonton, Blade, Truman Smith, Stanly
Steenrod, Swearingen, Sweney, Philip F. Thomas, Tqlani
Triplett, «Trumbull, «Turney, Edward D. White, Wick, Jared
W Williams, Thomas W. Williams, Henry Williams, Lewis
Williams, and Worthington—107.
[It will be perceived, by reference to the yeas
and nays above, that, although the Whigs com-
plained that they could not vote, because they had
not been afforded an opportunity to read the tes-
timony, (which was printed, and ready to be laid on
the table,) they voted against the adjournment.
That is, all those who voted for the adjournment,
(which would have afforded an opportunity to read
the testimony,) with the exception of ten, were De-
mocrats. The motion to adjourn compelled the
House to vote immediately on the adoption of the
resolution.]
Mr. HAWES and Mr. TRIPLETT asked to
be excused, but the House refused to excuse them.
The question now being on the adoption of the
resolution reported by the majority of the commit-
tee, (declaring those who were now holding seats
as Representatives from New Jersey, were entitled
to said seats,)
Mr. EVANS demanded the yeas and nays;
which, having been ordered, were—yeas 101, nays
23; jusl a quorum, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Judsoa Allen, Hugh J. Anderson, Atherton,
Banks, Bcatly, Beirne, Blackwell, Boyd, Aaron V. Brown,
Albert G. Brown, Burke, William O. Butler, Bynum, John
Campbell, Carr, Casey, Chapman,- Clifford, Coles, Connor,
Craig, Crary, Dana, Davee, John Davis, John W. Davis,
Doan, Doig, Dromgoole, Duncan, Earl, Eastman, Ely, Fine,
Fisher, Floyd, Fornance, Galbraith, Hammond, Hand, John
Hastings, Hawkins, Hill of North Carolina, Hillen, Helleman,
Holmes, Hopkins, Hubbard, Jackson, Jameson, Joseph John-
son, Cave Johnson, Nathaniel Jones, John W. Jones, Keim,
Kemble, Leadbetter, Leonard, Lucas, McCulloh, McKay,
Mallory, Marchand, Medill, Miller, Montanya, Montgomery,
Samuel W. Morris, Newhard, Parrish, Fa/menter, Parrie,
Paynter, Petrikin, Pickens, Prentiss, Ramsey, Reynolds, Rhett,
Rives, Edward Rogers, Samuels, Thomas Smith, Stark-
weather, Steenrod, Strong, Sumter, Swearingen, Sweney, Tay-
lor, Francis Thomas, Philip F. Thomas, Jacob Thompson,
Turney, Vanderpoel, David D. Wagener, Watterson, Wick,
Jared W. Williams, Henry Williams, and Worthington—101.
NAYS—Messrs. Bolts, Briggs, Carter, Chinn, Chittenden,
<   Mark A. Cooper, Cranston, Fillmore, Goggin, Green, Hawes,
James, Mason, Morgan, Ogle, Osborne, Pope, Ridgway, Tru-
I   man Smith, Thomas W.   Williams, and Joseph L. Wil-
liams—22.
I      So the resoHtion was adopled.
Before the Result was announced,
Mr. McCLELLAN of Tennessee said he had,
a few minutes before the vote was taken, stepped
out of ihe House, and did not return until after bis
name was passed. H« asked permission of the
House to allow him to vote. He wished to vote
for the adoption of the resolution. Several mem-
bers objected, and Mr. M. was not allowed to
vote.
[It would be proper to state that when the roll
was first called, several of the Whigs only voted,
and finding that the Democratic vote was not suf-
ficient to constitute a quorum, some of those who
said that they could not votefor or against the reso-
lution, without doing injustice to one set of claim-
ants or t e other, or doing violence to their con-
science, recanted for the purpose of making a
quorum, and voted against the resolution, viz:
Messrs. POPE, OGLE, HAWES, FILLMORE,
BOTTS, and BRIGGS.]
On motion, tbe House, at a quarter past nine
o'clock, p. m. adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Fbjdat, July 17, 1840.
Mr. WALL asked the unanimous consent of the
Senate to introduce a bill, entitled "An act to re-
move restrictions upon discounting notes, and other
securities in the the District of Columbia."
Perhaps it was not generally known to the public,
or even to Congress, that there exists a prohibition
in the laws of Congress, against any unchmtertd
banking company, or any association, partnership,
or company of individuals, within the District of Co-
lumbia, discounting any notes, or other securities,
for the payment of money, under a penalty of not
less than $100, and not more than $500; and all
sqch, discounted contrary to the provisions of the
said act, are declared utterly void. This extraordi-
nary annihilation of the right* of the many for the
benefit of the few, is to be found in the 29 and 31st
sections of "An act to incorporate the subscribers to
certain banks in the District of Columbia and to
prevent the circulation of the notes of unincorpo-
rated associations within the said District," appro-
ved March 3,1817. This law takes away tbe righl 
of the whole.to give privileges to a few to found a mo-
nopoly. This monopoly has fallen by the expiring of
the law. This abridgment of the rights of the wftole,
can no longer aid the defunct banks. They
can no longer discount as a chartered company.
Why then should individuals be prohibited within
the ten miles square, from doing what individúala
every where else may do? Why should they be
deprived of using their money or funds as they may
see proper in discounting notes, or other securities
for the payment of money? In my opinion, the
prohibition should fall with the monopoly. It was
designed for the benefit of the banks, and rights
were taken from natural persons, to vest them in
artificial persons. The artificial persons are now
dead, so far as relates to the exclusive privilege of
discounting. Is it not just and proper that those
rights, thus taken for a purpose which no longer
can be reached, should be restored to those from
whom they were taken? I therefore ask the unani-
mous consent of tbe Senate to introduce a bill to
repeal this extraordinary abridgment of the rights
of tbe natural being, for the benefit of the artificial
being. The bill which I have the honor to submit
to the Senate merely repeals this odious, extraordi-
nary and injudicious prohibition. I think the sub-
ject demands immediate action.
By unanimous consent the bill was introduced;
and, having been read,
Mr. WALL asked that it might have its second
reading at that time.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana asked if the secon
reading was required merely for reference.          d
Mr; WALL said that the provisions ot the bill
was so simple there could be no necessity for refe-
rence. He therefore desired that the Senate would
read it a second time now for the purpose of con-
sideration.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana objected to this, and the
bill was read a second time, and referred to tbe
Committee on the Judiciary.
NORTHEASTERN BOUNDARY.
Mr. WILLIAMS, on leave, introduced a bill
authorizing the President, and appropriating
$25,000 to explore and survey the Northeastern
boundary between Mame, New Hampshire, and
the British Provinces. Read twice by consent, and
ordered to be engrossed: subsequently read a third
time and passed.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana offered the following:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of making
an appropriation to enable the President of the Uni-
ted States to hold a council with the Miami In-
dians for the purpose of treating for the purchase
of the reserves held by them in the State of Indi-
ana, should he deem it expedient to hold such
council.
Mr: S. said he would make a word of explana-
tion. It was desirable that a treaty should be held
as contemplated in tbe resolution; and as the Se-
nate had decided that an appropriation by law to
hold the same should precede the convention of the
council, he had brought the matter to the cop side- ^
ration of the Senate in the proper manner. Ha
desired the question to be submitted to the Com-
mittee on Finance, for the purpose of enabling that
committee to make an amendment to the bill from
the House on the subject of Indian appropriations,
which would shortly be before it. He hoped the
resolution would be acted upon now. The Com-
mittee, he had no doubt, would give the subject its
consideration at the proper time.
The resolution was agreed to, and the accompa-
nying papers referred.
On motion of Mr. MOUTON, the Conpiitfee oh
Private Land Claims was discharged frorfl the far-
ther consideration of sundry memorials, heretofore
referred to the Committee on Agriculture, and not
acted on by them.                                     i-n^-u.
The adverse reports of the Committee of taajms
on the memorials of citizens of Jackson county,
Alabama, and of other citizens of Alabama, were
taken up and agreed to.                   r   )!   «*
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, the Committee on
