534
Claims were discharged from the further conside-
ration of the petition of Alexander Jones and of a
Senate resolution of inquiry as to improving the
harbor of St. Louis,
EXCHANGE OF FOREIGN BOOKS.
The Senate took up the joint resolution (the re-
jection of which had been reconsidered on motion
of Mr. White) providing for the exchange of ex-
tra books in the Congress Library, and of public
documents for those of foreign countries.
Mr. DAVIS asked it' the amendment offered
yesterday from the Committee on Commerce for
the exchange of certain weights and measures
would now be in ordeil
Mr. RUGGLES said he had learned mat the
amendment would not be requisite to the object
proposed
The resolution was ordered to a third reading,
and subsequently read a third tima and passed.
The vote ordering its engrossment was as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Davis,
Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, King, Knight, Linn,
Lumpkin, Merrick, Mouton, Phelps, Porter, Pren-
tiss, Robinson, Ruggles, Smith of Connecticut,
8<>u haid, Strange, Surgeon, Tallmadge, Tappan,
Walker, and Wall—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown,   Buchanan, Clay of
Alabama, Hubbard, .Nicholas   Norvell, Pierce,
Roane, Smith of Indiana, and Williams—10.
CHARTER. OF WASHINGTON.
Mr.  NORVELL, in accordance with a notice
V wly'cli be had given some days unce, moved to
\ake up the bill to alter and continue the charter of
We city oí Washington.
Mr. MERRICK objected to the taking up, that
the changes proposed were very important, involv-
ing a vast amount of lights and property, and
there could not be time at this session to give them
the consideration which they demanded.
Mr. NORVELL was* surprised to hear these ob-
jections fall from the lips ot the honorable Senator
from Maryland. The subject had been before that
Senior and his committee for several months.
And whose fault was it that it had becn so long de-
layed? The changes proposed in the charier of
the city of Washington were few and simple, and
would requite very little time for their considera-
tion. The fust and most important was the exten-
sion of the right of suffrage to all free white male
* c'tizens of the United States who had re-
sided twelve months in the city immedi-
a'ely preceding the election. The adop-
tion of this principle was demanded by a due
regard to the tqual rights oí our fellow citizens,
whether they possessed property or not. It h?d
been called Jor by a large and respectable number
of the citizens of Washington, of whom many were
wealthy property holders,such as Mr. Travers, Mr.
Boyle, and others. Of three or four hundred peti-
tioners, whose names were on the memorial which
he held in his hand, he had understood that two
hundred and th;rty were owners of real estate.
The idea, however, that property alone was
affected by the proceedings oí a city corporation,
was prep-, ster&us. The liberty, interest and per-
sonal safety of every man within its limits,
were liable to be affected by them. No prin-
ciple was more sacred that that of equali-
ty in the right of suffrage. It did not right-
folly belong to property. It attached to per-
sons. It was the right of every citizen. It
was too late in the day to claim property qualifica-
tion as nec*s*ary to entitle the citiz-n to vote,
whether in Siates or municipal corporations. This
was not with him a party question. It was a fun-
damental principle, and rose above all mere party
views. The election by the peop'.e of magistrates
and constables was another change proposed in the
charier. This mode of appointing such officers
had been successfully tried in several States. It
secured better officers, and a greater and more
efficient responsibility in the performance of
ibeir duties. All property qualifications in
the mayor, aldermen, and members of the
common council, were . nho aboLshed. The
power to assess and levy a poll tar, li-
mited to one dollar per annum, was given in the'
charter,but net as a qualification for voting. The
charter was limited to ten years, subject to repeal
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
or modification at any time by Congress. He
moreover proposed to modify the bill so as to au-
thorize the division of the city into any num-
ber of wards, not more than ten, nor fewer than
six, to secure as near an approach to (quality in
the population of each ward as possible. He
should move another amendment, prohibiting the
enrolment and registry of citizens with a view
to the determination of the question who was or
was not entitled to vote. We had all seen the
wanton abuse of that power elsewhere for party
purposes.
The motion to take up the bill was carried by
the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Hubbard, King,
Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton, Nicholas Norvell,
Pierce, Roane, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut,
Smith of Indiana, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan,
Walker, Wall, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Knight, Mer-
rick, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Ruggles, Southard,
and Tallmadge—10.
Mr. MERRICK remarked, as the Senate had
determined to take np the bill and apparently pass
it, after   what   he   had said, he should take no
i   further notice of the bill or the amendments.
|     Mr. TAPPAN:   I am  sorry that we are under
j|  the necessity of getting through this bill  without
I   the aid of the Senator from Maryland.    Without
!   his valuable services, I fear that we shall make
but lame work of it; but we must get on as
well as we can.
Mr. T. then offered an amendment, which was
agreed to, requiring the elections to begin at 9
o'clock, a. m. and close at 7 p. m. and that the
commissioners should declare the result of the vote
¡ before separating; and if the two boards should fail
to appoint a commissioner, the electors should
choose three viva voce, to conduct the election.
Mr. DAVtS spoke strongly against passing the
bill at this session, on account of the great impor-
tance of the questions involved, and the want of
time to consider them. Mr. D. did not know enough
about them; and his only alternative at this time
was, therefore, to vote against the bill. He alluded
t3 and deprecated the general disposition at this time
to regulate the affairs of the District.
Mr. NORVELL having replied briefly,
Mr. ALLEN said that the proposition was to
continue the charter of the cfty of Washington,
with two or three amendments, the principal one of
which is to extend the orbit of the elective fran-
chise; and the question was, whether a portion of
the citizens who are now disfranchised, should
have extended to them those rights which they are
now deprived of by a property qualification. Now
the action on this proposition would demonstrate
one fact to the country: that if in the ranks of the
Democracy there prevailed some diversity of senti-
ment in relation to the mode and extent of bank re-
form, yet on the great and fundamental question of
the right of suffrage, there was perfect unanimity—
there was but one feeling—and that was to extend
to every citizen the right of participating in the
choice of those who were to make the laws by
which he was to be governed.
The amendments proposed by Mr. Norvell
were all agreed to.
Mr. MERRICK asked that the memorial of the
corporate authoiities of Washington, remonstrat-
ing against the passage of the bill, be read.
Mr. WALKER hoped that it would be read,
and fully considered, and particularly that portion
of the memorial which opposed the right of suf-
frage, and advocated the government of the city
by property alone.
Mr. CLAY of Ala.mere'y wished to mention the
fact that this was a remonstrance by the corporate
authorities of the city of Washington, whose char-
ter was to be amended. They were protesting
against several amendments which extended the
light of suffrage, and modestly proposed to Con-
gress not to give the people power to oust them
from the power which they now hold. The only
provision which seemed to be so very objection-
able to them, was that giving to the people, on
whom the laws operate, the power of choosing who
are to make them.   This bill did not deprive these
corporate authorities of any rights, but it confeired
on the people at large rights which they did not
hold under the late charter. The principles embo-
died in this bill were such as he had ever been ¡a
favor of, and such as he would maintain as long as
he continued to live.
Mr. MERRICK then moved to lay the bill on
the table; and, after some remarks from Messrs.
ALLAN, MERRICK, and CLAY of Alabama,
the motion was rejected—yeas 12, nays 26, as fol-
low?:
YEAS—Messrs. Clayton, Davis, Dixon, Hunt-
ington,  Knight, Merrick, Phelps, Ruggles, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Tallmadge, and White—12.
!        NAYS—Messrs.    Allen,   Anderson,   Benton,
Brown,   Buchanan,   Chiy  of  Alabama,   Fulton,
!   Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn, Lumpkin, Mouton,
j   Nicholas,    Norvell,    Pierce,   Roane,    Robinson,
|  Smith of Connecticut, Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan,
'   Walker, Wall, Williams, and Wright—26.
I       Mr. KNIGHT said if Congress should frame
a form of Government for the city of Washington,
it was the proper business of the citizens to investi-
gate it, and adopt it  for themselves.    This rao-
i   del, if passed, should be exhibited to them, and
thus Congress should ascertain whether it would
be acceptable to them.    Let them all vote even on
the liberal scale provided for by this bill, and if a
j  majority were then against  it, it ought not to be
I  forced   upon them.    But if the majority were  in
■■ favor of it, Mr. K. would say amen to whatever
;   they would say.
Mr. NORVELL replied that the remarks of the
Senator would b? entitled to some weight, if we
• I were about to form a new and fundamental cousti-
i tution for the government of a people. In the pre-
sent case, Congress were the legislators and rulers
of the people of this District, made so by the Con-
stitution of the United States. The proposed bill
was nothing more than an amended charter for the
city, and had no reference to the great principles of
government, so gravely and tritely urged by the
Senator. The essential principle embraced in the
amendments, was the extension of the right of suf-
frage; and upon that subject he should consult no-
body. He could not mistake the rights or the
wishes of any free people on that point.
The bill was now ordered to be engrossed by the
following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Brown, Bucha-
nan, Clay of Alabama, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard,
King, Linn, Lumpkin,Mouton, Nicholas, Norvell,
|    Pierce, Roane, Robinson,  Smith of Connecticut,
¡   Strange, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wall, Wil-
liams, and Wright—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Clajton, D¿v¡s, Dixon, Knigh ,
Merrick, Phelps, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, and White—10.
RETROCESSION OF ALEXANDRIA AND
GEORGETOWN.
Mr. MERRICK moved to take up the bill au-
thorizing the President to ascertain the opinions of
the people of the District of Columbia, not within
the limits of the city of Washington, as to their
being retroceded to Virginia and Maryland re-
spectively.
Mr. GRUNDY spoke strongly in opposition to
the motion.
Mr. MERRICK said the object was only to as-
certain the wishes of the people.
Mr. GRUNDY was opposed to any action on
the subject.
The bill was taken up by the following vote:
YEAS?—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Clay of Alaba-
ma, Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Henderson, Hubbard,
King, Knight, Linn, Lumpkin, Merrick, Nicholas,
Norvell, Phelps, Porter, Roane, Ruggles, Smith of
Connecticut, Southard, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Tap-
I   pan, Walker—25.
i |      NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Grundy, Pierce, Smith
of Indiana, Strange, Wall, Williams, Wright—8.
1       Mr.  ROANE   spoke  with   great   earnestness
|   against the bill.   It was a question even whether
j j Congress had the constitutional power to pass it.
|:      He spoke of the great anger and  excitement
j  which had recently been manifested in the District,
j  and which was known to all, and said the public
< \  mind ought to be allowed time to settle down be-
j! fore pioceeding at all on a measure of this kind.
