CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
535
Mr. MERRICK said this measur* was not the
«ere result of anger or excitement. It had been
stated a««, by a member on the other side «f the
House, {Mr. Walks*,] and it is well known that
Georgetown had a year ago sent in her cool peti-
tion to be retroceded.
Mr. ROANE said he bad alluded alone to the
present perturbed state of the southern portion of
the District. The retrocession, it was true, had
been several times proposed, but was promptly put
down; and he believed it did not agree with the
sober second thought of the people of the District.
Alexandria, in her cool moments, would not re-
ceive the proposition, hampered and overwhelmed
as she was in debt.
Mr. WALKER again urged the importance of
the retrocession to the Government itself, and in-
sisted that without it the seat of Government would
be removed.
Mr. GRUNDY again spoke earnestly against the
bill.
Mr. WRIGHT moved to lay the hill finally on
the table, and it was so ordered, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Benton, Brown,
Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Hubbard, King, Linn,
Lumpkin, Mooton, Nicholas, Pierce, Porter, Roane,
Roggles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Strange,
Tallmadge, Tappan, Wall, White, Williams, and
Wright—25
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Calhoun, Clay of Ala-
bama, Davis, Henderson, Knight, Merrick, Nor-
vell, Phelps, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut,
Sturgeon and Walker—13.
DISTRICT BANKS.
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of
Messrs. Kurtz, Van Ness, and Bradley, presidents
of the Metropolis and Patriotic Banks, and of the
Farmers' and Mechanics' Bank of Georgetown,
praying the continuance of their banking powers,
and that of other banks, on the condition of their
resuming and continuing specie payments, and con-
cluding with the form of a joint resolution, which,
if passed by Congress, would be acceptable to them.
Mr. WRIGHT moved that it be referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. ALLEN, with great emphasis, characterized
this presenting of the form of a joint resolution to
be acted on by Congress as an insult on the coun-
try represented in this Senate. He moved to lay it
on the table; which motion was negatived as fol-
lows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Linn, Lumpkin, Pierce,
Porter, Ruggles, Smith of Connecticut, Tappan,
Walker, Wright—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Clay of Alabama, Clay-
ton, Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Henderson,
Hontington, King, Knight, Merrick, Mouton, Ni-
cholas, Norvell, Phelps, Roane, Robinson, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Strange, Sturgeon, Tallmadge,
Wall, White—S5.
Mr. TAPPAN asked If a question which had
been twice decided could be presented again)
The CHAIR.   Yes, half a dozen times.
Mr. WRIGHT renewed his motion to refer the
memorial to the District Committee, (Mr. MER-
RICK remarking that this was equivalent to laying
it on the table;) and it was so referred.
ARMY APPROPRIATIONS.
The Senate, on motion of Mr. WRIGHT, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill from the House making
appropriations for the support of the army for the
jear 1840.
Mr. W. proceeded to offer, severally, and ex-
plain various amendments from committee, some of
the first of which having been agreed to without
dissent—
The appropriation (#12,000) for the purchase of
an ¿land in the Mississippi, near Fort Snelling-,
was debated by Messrs. CALHOON, WRIGHT,
TAPPAN, BUCHANAN, and BENTON, and
agreed to by ayes 18, noes 17.
The provision by committee, authorizing the
President to suspend certain works at his discre-
tion, was opposed by Mr. SOUTHARD and advo-
cattd by Mr. WRIGHT till the recess.
„ ,„„, EVENING SESSION.
Mr. WRIGHT explained the object of the 3d
section of the amendment—which was ihat, in, ease
the means of the Tieawry, from aay cause, should
not be sufficient to meey all the appropriations
made by Congrats, the President should be au-
thorized to postpone thf expenditures for repairs
and improvements at/he Springfield armory; for
repairs and improvements at the Harper's Perry
armory, for the puchare of saltpetre and brim-
stone; for continuing the barracks, quarters, &c. at
Fort Leavenwcrfh/at Fort Wayne, at Fort Smith,
at Platisburg, ana at Fort Jesup, or such and so
many of them, otpuch portions of each, as, in his
judgment, after careful examination and inquiry,
the condition of the Treasury shall demand and the
public interests will best permit; such postpone-
ments, in each case, to be merely temporary, or
until the close of the next session of Congress.
Mr. SOUTHARD opposed this amendment in a
speech of considerable length. He was willing to
make the appropriation for whatever might be ne-
cessary; but he was utterly opposed to allowing the
matter to depend on the Executive will. It was in
short transferring the powers of Congress to the
hands of the Executive. It would be a step un-
known to the legisla) ion of any country, and was
without precedent and utterly uncalled for.
Mr. HUNTINGTON expressed his regret that
his health would not allow him to enter into this
subject as fully as he desired. He condemned the
amendment as virtually transferring to the Presi-
dent a power which ought never to be entrusted to
any Executive. He did not mean to insinuate that
the President would abuse it; but it was not proper
to trust such irresponsible ptmer with aay man,
however virtuous er exalted he might be. It was
a temptation too strong. It gave the power to the
President to select favorite objects, and at such
spots as best suited his inclination. For that rea-
son, he considered it both dangerous and, under the
circumstances, unnecessary.
Mr. LUMPKIN took a different view. The
discretion was limited to an intervening period, in
case the money should not be in the Treasury. He
could not see any alarming features in the mea-
sure.     ___
Mr. WRIGHT defended the amendment at
length, declaring the committee had no other alter-
native than to make it discretionary with the Presi-
dent, who could best tell, from the information in
his possession, where the expenditures might be
suspended with least injury to the public service.
Mr. SOUTHARD spoke for near an hour against
the amendment in all its phases, and replied to the
arguments of Mr. Lumpkin and Mr. Wright. The
readiness with whieh gentlemen were willing to
give discretionary power to the Executive was
matter of 'regret to him. "There is no danger,"
(say gentlemen.) That was the same siren song,
sung in Athens and Rome until liberty was lost.
Mr. HUNTINGTON followed in some remarks,
explanatory to Mr. Wright.
Mr. BUCHANAN said: It seems we are in a
most delicate crisis, and that the Republic is on the
very brink of ruin. We are on a precipice and are
just about to tumble into the yawning destruction
beneath. We have arrived at the very point in
our career, according to the opinion of my friend
from New Jersey [Mr. Southard] where the Re-
publics of Athens and Rome perished; and it would
therefore be presumptuous in us to expect to sur-
vive much longer. He has informed us that the
principle involved in this amendment is that whieh
destroyed Athenian liberty and deprived Rome of
her free Government. Whitet the Republic was
thus threatened with ruin, strange to say, tbe>Se-
nators in fatal security sat unconcerned, reading
their newspapers and writing their letters, utterly
insensible of danger.
And what is this great danger. I have heard
ruin to the Republic often predicted since I came
inttf the Senate; but never with more force and ear-
nestness than upon the present occasion. But is'
not all this "ocean into tempest wrought, to waft a
feather cr to drown a fly?" What is the ques-
tion now before the Senate? Unfortunately we
are very much in want of money, and our
Treasury presents "a beggarly account of emp-
ty boxes." In this state of affairs, it will
depend upon contingencies to which I need
not advert, whether there will be sufficient money
in the Treasury to  pay all  the appropriations
for which we have provided. If there shou'd
not be, *hat will be the consequence? Unless
thin amendment shall be adopted, the President will
have unlimited discretion over all the great objects
of appropriation, and he may select or reject which
of them he pleases. The amendment then i- an
express limitation, not an extension, of Executive
discretion. We take up the general list of ap-
propriations and select from it what we deem
to be the least important objects: and we said to
the President, if you have not money to pay all
our appropriations then you shall withhold it
from thes> designated objects alone. Your discre-
tion shall be limited, and Congress, not you, will
decide how the money must be applied in case
the revenue should prove insufficient to meet all
the appropriations. Let human ingenuity turn
and twist this question as it may, this is the result.-
The amendment is an abridgment of Executive,
discretion. We may not have money enough to
accomplish all the objects provided for by law; and
in such an event we say to th> President that we*
will designate those objects with which we are
willing to dispense.
And this is the whole amendment! And this is
the vast stretch of Executive power which may
destroy the Government I The President, for ex-
ample, in case of a deficiency of money, is directed
to dispense with the appropriations "for barracks,
quarters, and storehouses," and for the purchase of
"saltpetre and brimstone," and for other object?,
which I need not enumerate, and which are not of
great and pressing importance. Does not. the Se-
nator from New Jersey petceive that this is an ex-
press limitation on Exacntive power? Without it,
if there should not be money in the Treasury suf-
ficient to accomplish all the objects for which we
have provided, the President will have the unlimited
power of dispensing with any appropriation which
he may please. But we choose to exercise this dis-
pensing power ourselves, and not to confer it on the
Executive.
It is true that we might borrow more money;
but we think it is wiser to reduce eur expenditures
than to increase our debt. If we cannot make all
the improvements we desire, we will not trust our
Executive agent with the discretion of roaming
over the whole list, and rejecting such as he pleases.
We perform this duty for ourselves by the present
amendment, and give him his instructions.
The Senator from New Jersey, with all his inge-
nuity, cannot make more than this out of the
amendment. The President cannot expend more
money than there is in the Treasury. If there be
not money enough for all the objects designated in
our laws  without the amendment .at could divert
this money from any one of them; and apply it to.
another But we say. and say very properly, that
he shall not exercise this power. It is much better
that we should adopt this course, than either to bor-
row money or trust to the unlimited discretioa
of the Executive.
Mr. HUBBARD spoke for some time, and with
much zeal, in defence ofthe amendment. He al-
luded to the bill which had passed at a prior ses-
sion, where, at one sweep, discretion was given to
the President to raise 50,000 men and 1Q,000,000
dollars', aod yet nothing had then been said about
discretionary power.
Mr. SOUTHARD drew a wide distinction be-
tween the time when the country was threatened-
with a war with one of the most powerful nations
of Europe, and discretionary power granted in,
time of peace, when there was no necessity for it,
and when it would be setting a dangerous precedent.
Mr. S. said he had two distinct acknowledgment 
froxa the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Hubbard:] 1st. That the Treasury might be in-
competent to meet the expenditures; and 2d. That.
these items were not indispensably necessary. K
(said Mr S.) that is the ground oa which the, Ser
jaior stands, I put it to him and the whole Senate
whether it w.ouM not have b«en wiser to bavo
stricken out those items than to leave the
matter to Executive discretion? The money was
in the Treasury, or it was not. If it «as not, why
make the appropriation? They had no right to
throw the responsibility on the Preaident-it be-
longed to Congress.
