CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
«37
tested" election from Massachusetts, reported the
following resolution:
Rwlvtd, That the Committee of Elections be
discharged from the further consideration of the
petitions of certain electors of the 6th Congression-
al District of the State of Massachusetts, alleging
that Osmyn Baker, the sitting member from that
district, was not duly elected a member of the
House of Representatives; there being no evi-
dence produced to the committee iu support of the
allegations of the petitioners, and the time limited
by agreement of parties and the authority of the
committee, for completing the taking of the same,
having expired on the 4th Monday of May last.
Mr. CAMPBELL said this was a unanimous
report of the committee, and he therefore moved
the adoption of the resolution, and on that motion
moved the previous question, which received a
second, and the main question having been ordered,
the question was put, and the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. FILLMORE, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, made a report from the majority of that com-
mittee, in relation to the seat of Charles Naylor
fren  the third Congressional district of Pennsylva-
nia, which was contested by Charles J. Ingersoll.
Said report was accompanied by the following re-
solution:
Rttoktd, That Charles Naylor was duly elected
a member of the House of Representatives for the
Twenty-sixth Congress, from the Third Congres-
sional District in Pennsylvania.
Mr. MEDLLL, from the minority of the Com-
mittee of Elections, submitted a report of the
views of the minority on the said contested elec-
tion.
On motion of Mr. FILLMORE, both reports
were ordered to lie on the table and be printed.
Mr. GRAHAM of North Carolina (the rules
having been suspended for that purpose) made a
personal explanation in relation to certain speeches
of Dr. Duncan, which he alleged on the authority
of a paper in North Carolina, had been sent to his
district under his frank. Mr. G. said it was a fraud
which he could not account for, and disclaimed hav-
ing franked any such speeches.
[A few days ago some of the Democratic mem-
bers were franking, as tbey thought, public docu-
ments to their constituents; but they accidentally
discovered that, instead of the packages containing
public documents, they contained the lives of Har-
rison aLd Harrison pictoral Almanacs, which, no
doobt, had been inadvertently done in the folding
room of the Capitol by the boys. It was, in all pro-
bability, in the same manner, that Mr. Graham
franked those speeches.]
On motion of Mr. JONES, the House then re-
solved itself into a Committee of the Whole, Mr.
Dromgoole in the chair, and resumed the conside-
ration of the
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The question pending was on the amendment
offered by Mr. Jones, appropriating $45,000 for
the removal of the Winnebago Indians from Wis-
konsin to the neutral ground beyond the Mississippi,
the creation of a grist mill, etc.
Mr. BELL opposed the amendment, and at
some length gave his reasons therefor.
Mr. JONES explained, and produced letters from
tie Governor of Wiskonsin and other sources,
showing that the removal of the Winnebagoes was
essential to the safety of our citizens in that quarter.
Mr. EVERETT moved to amend the amend-
ment, by sinking out $45,000, and inserting
(100,000, which would provide for the protection
of the Winnebagoes after their removal.
Mr. JONKS objected to the amendment of Mr.
Everett, on the ground that sufficient provision
was already in contemplation for their protection.
After some brief remarks from Messrs. CRA-
RY, and CHAPMAN of Iowa, the amendment to
the amendment was negatived.
The questkn then being on the amendment of
Mr. Jones, it was agreed to.
Mr. JONES then moved to amend by inserting
$36,265 40 for carrying into effect a treaty with
the Stockr-r^ge and Mnnsee tribe of Indians, made
September the 3d, 183«, and ratified May 16th,
1840 
Mr. PROFF1T commenced a speech in which he
censured the Secretary of the Treasury for net in-
serting this appropriation in the annual estimates at
the commencement of the session.
Mr. JONES asked the member how it was pos-
sible for this appropriation to be contained in the
annual estimates, when the treaty was not ratified
until May the 16th, seyeial months after those esti-
mates were given in?
Mr. PROFF1T then resumed and concluded his
remarks on another issue.
Mr. MASON of Ohio followed, and gave his
views in opposition to the amendment; and the hour
of half past two o'clock having arrived,
The CHAIR [Mr. Dromgoole] rose, and beg-
ged most respectfully to inform the gentleman from
Ohio, that as the time had arrived when it was cus-
tomary for the House to take a recess he would be
pleased to suspend his remarks.
The Hous accordingly took the usual recess.
EVENING SESSION.
After the recess,
The consideration of the Indian appropriation
bill was resumed in Committee of the Whole, Mr.
Dromgoole in the chair. 
The question pending was on the amendment of-
fered by Mr. Jones, appropria'ing $36,265 40 for
carrying into effect a treaty with the Stockbridge
and Mumee tribes of Indians, made September the
3d, 1839, and ratified May the 16:h, 1840.
After some remarks from Messrs. DAVIS of
Kentucky, BARNARD, EVANS, RICE GAR-
LAND, McKAY, VANDERPOEL, RHETT,
COOPER of Georgia, MASON, BIDDLE, and
BELL, with explanations by Mr. JONES, the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL moved te amend, by inserting the
following: "for holding a treaty with the Cherokee
Indians, including all the different interests and di-
visions which exist among them, upon the basis of
their right to adopt any form of government which
they, or a majority of them, may think proper, to
elect their own officers or chiefs, and establish any
law or regulation they may deem best for their wel-
fare and happiness, provided they do not conflict
with the Constitution and laws of the United States,
applicable to their affairs, five thousand dollars."
Mr. BELL commenced a speech in support of
his amendment, when it being obvious that no quo-
rum was present, on motion, the committee rose,
and that fact was reported to the House.
A motion to adjourn was then made simultane-
ously by several members; and it was negatived—
yeas 26, nays 70.
Mr. DROMGOOLE moved a call of the House,
which was ordered, and the roll being called, 109
members answered to their names.
By general consent all further proceedings in the
call were then dispensed with, and the House again
resolved itself into a Committee of the Whole on
the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. BELL resumed his remarks, and at great
length gave a detailed history of all the circa in-
stances relating to the obligation between the Go-
vernment and the Cherokee nation.              ____
He was followed by Messrs. EVERETT,
SHEPARD, POPE, and others, who gave their
views on the policy of the Government, as pursued
towards the Cherokees.
The question then being put on the amendment,
it was discovered that not more than fifty members
were present, half of whom were asleep.
It being now about eleven o'clock, and those
present not being willing to re-enact the farce of
spending seven or eight hours in procuring a quo-
rum, were understood to consent that the amend-
ment should be considered as agreed to, reserving
the right to vote upon it when the bill should be
reported.
Several amendments involving private claims
were then moved and rejected.
At 1 o'clock the committee again rose.
Several  ineffectual motions  to  adjourn  were
made.
Tbofe who voted in favor of an adjournment,
then, by way of retaliation, refused to vote for a
call of the House, and thus much time was con-
sumed in such motions—the House refusing to ad-
journ, and also refusing to order a call.
By general consent, the House went again into
committee.
At half past one, Mr. BOTTS said it was evi-
dent the bill could not be reported at that time.
Besides, he was not willing that so important an
appropriation bill should be decided by thirty
members, one half of whom were asleep. He
therefore moved that the committee rise.
The vote on this motion being taken, no quorum
voted.
The committee then rose, and that fact was re-
ported to the House.
After some debate of a desultory character on the
fate of the bill, should it be deferred until to-mor-
row,
At a quarter before two o'clock,
The House adjourned.
EN SENATE,
Saturday, July 18,1840.
Mr. MERRICK presented the memorial of se-
veral hundred citizens of Alexandria city and
county, praying that they might be receded by Con-
gress to the State of Virginia. The memorial waa
in two forms; one of them simply asking a retro-
cession, the other assigning as a reason for it the
oppressions of the Government, under which they
were now suffering. Read, laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed, with the aggregate number
of names.
Also, the memorial of the stone-cutters on the
new Treasury building, asking to be remunerated
for the two months' time which they were out of
employ, for the alleged want of an appropriation
by Congress. After a few remarks by Mr. MER-
RICK and Mr. GRUNDY for, and by Mr. HUB-
BARD against the petition, it was referred to the
Committee on the Public Buildings.
Mr. DAVIS presented the petition of John Ross,
in behalf of certain Indian warriors, and praying
pensions for them. Mr. D. also obtained leave for
Mr. Ross to withdraw the papers heretofore pre-
sented on this subject.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, the Committee on
Commerce were discharged from the further con-
sideration of a great variety of subjects, the repeal
of the act of March, 1837, buoys and a harbor in
Delaware Bay, light-house on Brandywine Shoals,
fog bells near Boston, etc.                        \
EXTRA ALLOWANCES.      \
Mr.  KNIGHT, from   the Committee dp the /
Contingent Expenses of the Senate, reportedm re-/
solution, proposing to make various extra ar\ow-/
anees to the officers, messengers, and other atten/
dants of the Senate.                                       \j
Mr. FULTON having proposed to amend we
resolution, by adding the Secretary, clerks, and va-
rious other officers employed in and about the
Capitol, and discussion ensuing thereon—
Mr. LUMPKIN said: Mr. President, as a mem-
ber of the Committee on the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, I consider it my duty to state that I
do not consider myself in the slightest degree
responsible for the report of the committee just
made to the Senate. Indeed, sir, (said Mr. L ) I
entirely dissent from that report, Moreover, sir,
I feel it to be my duty to state that the report is
directly adverse to the agreement and principles
laid down by the committee, when in conference'
yesterday on this subject.
I have, sir, fully examined this subject, and have
been surprised to find the loose and careless man-
ner in which the contingent fund set apart for the
expenses of the Senate is applied, so far as ythe
payment of officers, messengers, and other persons
in the employ of the Senate, is concerned. And
whatever of impropriety there may be in this mat-
ter, I consider justly chargeable to the Senate, and
to no one else. The officers, messengers, and
others, in the employ of the Senate, have salaries
and per diem pay, fixed either by law or resolu-
tion, which appears on yoHr statute book, in plain
and explicit terms; but, sir, this practice, now pro-
posed to be continued, of giving extra allowance
and gratuities, by the introduction of a resolution,
at the close of each session of Congress, has wnoiiy
changed the real amount of salary  nd <?,*£***■
tion received by these officers and meseengere.
