598
Their nominal pay, and rtal pay, is altogether dif-
ferent.
My desire was, and still is, to give to these per-
sons a reasonable and adequate compensation for
their services, and to fix and define that compensa-
tion by law, and leave nothing to the uncertainty
and confusion of such a moment as the present. It
is known to every Senator present that on the near
approach of the adjournment of Congress, it is ex-
ceedingly difficult to obtain that due consideration
and strict attention which is always desirable to a
proper discharge of the important duty of fixing sa-
laries, and apptoprialing the public money. I have
no disposition to withhold iiom any person con-
nected with the service of the Senate a just and
equitable compensation; and 1 consider the most
certain mode of ensuring this object, is to leave no-
thing to uncertainty. 1 consider my plan the best
calculated to ensure the ends of justice, both to the
Government and the individuals whose interests
are involved in this subject. But, sir, I do protest
against the practice of giving to salaried officers and
per diem agent  and messengers of the Govern-
ment, extra allowances and gratuities. It is our
duty to inventiga'e and determine the value and
amount of services rendered the Government by
each officer and agent, and fix the compensation ac- i ]
cordingly. We should not vail or mask appropri-
ations of money in a vague or amb-'guous manner. , <
Salaries and coa pensation should be in reality what
they appear to be. Under the system now in prac-
tice, in regard to the payment of persons in the em-
ploymentof the Senate, it is difficult to ascertain
what is the amount oí pay of any one of these indi- '
viduals.
From a paper which I now hold in my hand,
and which exhibits the facts, names, and items, it j
may be seen, that the clerks, officers, messengers,
and others, in the service of the Senate, from the
1st of December, 1838, to the 1st of December,
1839, inclusive, in every instance, not only re-
ceived allowances for ex'ra services, but gratuities
of from two to three hundred dollars each—making
an aggregate in gratuities of about five thousand
dollars in one year to these persons. The principal
clerk in the office of the Secretary of the Senate
is allowed by law a salary of $1,800; yet, in the
last year, he actually received $2,700. The Exe-
cutive clerk's salary is $1,500; whereas he actually
received $2,200. Four other clerks, whose salaries
are $1,500 each, received, during the last year,
$1,700 each. And in a similar proportion will be
found the allowances made to the messengers, and
others.
Mr. President, how can we justify this mode of
distributing the public money? Sir, if you employ
peisons to do your own private work or business,
do you not have some'definite understanding upon
the subject of wages'? and when ihe work is com-
pleted, are you in the habit of seeking for pretexts
and excuses to add to the pay and compensation of
those who have done your wo:k? Do you put
your hand in your own private pocket, and hand
out your money, by hundreds and thousands of
dollars, as extra allowances, or gratuities? No, sir,
none of us act thus in regard to our private con-
cerns. How, then, can we justify ourselves in
taking the money of our constituents for such pur-
pjses?
For myself, I can take no such liberty or lati-
tude with the public purse.    I repeat again, sir,
that I am ready and  disposed to give to each
and every person employed by the Senate ampie
and adequate compensation.    I entertain kind and
respectful feelings to the  whole of these persons.
I have no complaint against any  one of them.    I    ;
have uniformly found them all disposed in a  be-
coming manner to discharge their respective duties.
I entertain kind feelings to these persons, in consi-
deration of thrir uniform attention  to  every Call
which I have found it necessary to make for their
rervices.   My greatest objection to this annua! call
for extra allowances and gratuities, is mingled with
mortification at the indelicacy of such discussions
as we are how engaged in, while no consideration
shall intimidate me from exposing what I consider
improper practices in disbursing the public money.
Yet I feel a becoming reluctance, when a faithful
discharge oí duty urges upon me the necessity of
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dwelling, as I am now doing, upon what 1 consider
the abuses in any department of the public expen-
ditures. I feel, sir, that the character and dignity of the
Senate, as well as the respectability of the persons
concerned in this investigation, should induce the
Senate to fix definitely the amount of compensa-
tion, which may be deemed proper for every per-
son in its employ; and hereafter avoid discussions
on this subject of granting extra allowances and
gratuities at the close of every session of Con-
gress.
Mr. President, let us avoid this humiliating
scramble for increase of pay. I am disposed to
mete out justice to all, without special favor or
partiality to any individual. If you continue these
extra allowances for the present session, I protest
against the proposition ef ex'ending it to one por-
tion of the person? in your service, while you ex-
clude another portion not less faithful and merito-
rious; and persons too, who are more important to
the interest and service of the country, so far as the
legislation of Congress is concerned.
Sir, I consider ihe office of the Secretary of the
Senate, and the clerkships subordinate to, and
connected with that offiee, of great importance to
the country. It should never be held by any per-
son, who is not possessed of high qualifications
and character. It is an office, the duties of which
cannot be well discharged by persons of ordinary
qualifications. I am pleased to say, sir, that of-
fice, in all its branches, is discharged with
great ability and fidelity to the public "interest.
1 therefore, sir, feel great reluctance in lending my
aid or sanction to any measure which may serve
to discriminate between the present Secretary of
the Senate and his clerks, and those persons who
are in the subordinate employ of the Senate, to the
disparagement of our Secretary or his clerks.
Sir, if the extra allowances are to be continued
to most of the persons who are in the employ of
the Senate, I will not consent to withholding from
the Secretary and his clerks the same justice and
libetality which we extend to all others.
Opposed as I am to the whole system and prac-
tice of extra pay, yet I will not consent to increase
the evils of such a practice, by a partial applica-
tion of liberality, which is calculated to disparage
merit, and subject the Senate to the imputation of
the exercise of a partial system of arbitrary fa-
voritism.
Mr. President, it is the duty of the Senate to sys-
tematize this whole business. The duties of the
Sergeant-at-arms an4 Dco-keeper, and of his as-
sistant, with all their subordinates, ougbl to be de-
fined, and their several compensations fixed by
law. And, sir, should it be my lot again to have
the duty assigned to me in part to attend to these
matters, I shall persevere in my efforts to correct the
evil of complexity which in many cas?s exists ia re-
gard to public expenditures. And if I am not con-
nected with this service, 1 hope it may be confided
to abler hands, and I shall content myself with
having brought the subject to the attention of the
Senate.
Messrs. KNIGHT, FULTON, GRUNDY,
CLAY of Alabama, DAVIS, MERRICK, TALL-
MADGE, and CALHOUN, thought that the pre-
sent period, at the close of a very protracted and
arduous session, daring which the officers of the
Senate had distinguished themselves by fidelity to
their duties, was an inauspicious time to commence
reform in a practice heretofore sanctioned by the
Senate.
The amendment was agreifl to—ayes 33, noes
7; and the resolution, as aarended, was adopted—
ayes 31, noes 8.               ff
CHARTER OF WASHINGTON.
The bill to\lger arto" continue the charter of
the city of Wa$hingu|rn having been read a third
time,                 4     §
Mr. NORVELL s/id, that he asked the unani-
mous consent of tkafSenate to propose an amend-
ment which had bijin rendered necessary by the
omission of a clause in copying the original char-
ter. He had not, in reading over the manuscript
copy, particularly compared it with the book con-
taining the old charter. The fault was his in let-
ting this error escape his detection He was bound
to take it upon himself, because it was his duty to
have been more particular in his examination of
the copy. He believed, however, that the omission
in transcribing, had been accidental. The omis-
sion related to the summary power vested in the
corporation to punish servants or slaves in certain
cases. He regretted the necessity of suspending
the progress of the bill even for a moment; but if
the Senate would consent to the proposed amend-
ment, the bill would be at their disposition, and he
. i  should have discharged hi3 duty.
¡ Mr. N. then sent "the following amendments to
the Secretary's table:    •
In section 11 of the printed bill, line 67, after
words "meetings of," insert ''slaves;" after "ma.
lattoes," insert "and to punish such slaves by
whipping, not exceeding forty stripes."
In same section, line 98, after word "marriages,"
insert "to punish corporeally any colored servant
or slave for a breach of any of their laws or ordi-
nances, unless the owner or holder of such servant
or slave shall pay the fine in such cases provided."
i      Mr.   MERRICK would   not  object,   if   there
I   was an understanding there should be no at-
tempt to pass the bill; but he proceeded to
remark on the great haste with which this
bill had been pressed forward, in spite of the
earnest remonstrances of himself, Mr. Davis, aid
others.    After  the bill was in this manner ordered
' to be engrossed, it was found that there was an
extraordinary omission of a portion of the bill.
Mr. M. made these remarks simply for the pur-
pose of showing, a fertiori, that if so great and
palpable an omission could get through the Senate
in its hurry of proceeding, how much more might
wrong, important, and intricate provisions thus
, get through without due consideration, even if thiy
were discovered at all
Mr. NORVELL said thai the progress of the
bill had been characterized by no haste, nor by
anything unusual. It had been printel and laid
on our tables a month ago. He was astonished at
the remark of the honorable Senator with regard to
what he was pleased to call the extraordinary
omission in the bill. Things of that kind often
took place. No one could more deeply regret
such an omission than he did on the present occa-
sion, as it might afford a pretext for the postpone-
ment of the bill. But after the explanation which
had passed between himself and the honorable
I Senator on the subject, he considered hi? remarks
I as uncalled fcr. No one who knew his sentimen's
' could doubt the probitv of his course on the point
under consideration. The charge of indiscretion
on the part of the Senate in its proceedings on the
bill, was also entirely gratuitous. It was not
founded in any correct view of the subject.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said he was fearful that
time enough did not remain to perfect the bill at
this session, and to secure its passage in the other
House. He was anxious for its success; and he
hoped that no objection would be made to the
amendment proposed by his friend from Michigan.
Mr. DAVIS objected to the reception of any
amendment.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama then said, as the objfc-
tion of any Senator was fatal to this bill in its pre-
sent stage, he should have to move to lay it on the
table. But he gave notice that early in the next
session i's friends would renew it, and endeavor to
i effect its passage.
<      The bill was laid on the table.
The bill to amend the act to grant certain relin-
II   quished and unappropriated lands to the State of
Alabama for the purpose of improving the navi-
gauon of the Tennessee, Coosa, Cahawba, and
Black Warrior rivers, having been read a third
time,
It  was discussed at some   length  by Messrs.
GRUNDY, CLAY of Alabama, and CALHOUN,
and, on moion of Mr. GRUNDY, laid on the ta-
ble for further amendment at the next session.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL.
The Senate, on motion of Mr..MERRlCK, took
up (by yeas 22, nays 13) the joinl resolution to cede,
en certain conditions, \he stockpf the United States
in the Chesapeake and Ohio jSanal to the State of
Maryland.                   \     /
|     Mr. MERRICK expláji^a and advocated the re-
