CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
533
solution, remarking on Ihe easting delay in the
¿regress of the wo|k, and urging the great desire
of Maryland that it should h* completed, and the
probability, or rather certainty, that the United
Sta'es would appropriate/no more money, and
could receive no profit frjm the work without such
appropriation.              /
Mr. C \LHOUNWa it was too la'e in the ses-
sion to act upon this\iill, but, at the next session,
Mr. C. would be m favor of a relinquishment by
ihe Government of all rights of this kind.
Mr. MERRICK said Maryland was $7,000,000
in debt, and mast lote the interest on this sum
unless the canal should be completed. The interest
of that sum for one year was to her very impor-
tant, and if Congress should now pass this resolu-
tion, the Government of Maryland would forthwith
convene ihe Legislature, tbey would comply with
ihe terms, the completion of the work would be
hastened, and Maryland saved from very heavy
ksses.
Messrs. TAPPAN, SMITH of Connecticut,
WALKER, and ALLEN, spoke m favor of the
immediate relinquishment of the stock by the Unt-
ied States, as that which would yield them no profit;
and by them ought never to have been possessed.
Mr. BENTON was ready to act upon the ques-
tion now: with him there was no reason for a
postponement to the next session. His mind had
long been directed to the character and progress of
this canal. He was one of the few who voted
jgainst the United States subscription of a million
el dollars to its stock fifietn years ago. He then
ihoughl the United S'ates ought not to engage in
the work, and he ntfw thought they ought not to
c ntinue m it. As a ^neral proposition, he thought
ii was wrong for ihe United States to engage in these
undertakings; consequently, as a genera' proposi-
tion, h* though: it right to get out of t^em. In
this point of view, he had advocated all the prcs.-
tions to sell out the United States stocks of all
sorts, whether in a National Bank or a national road,
or in canal . He had been in favor of selling the
United States stock in the Bank of the United States;
and that stock was sold in good time—when it was
at 16 above par, instead of being, as it is now, at 30
below it. He had been in favor of ceding the
Cumberland road to the States through which it
passed; and the cession was made—not a sale, but
a cession. He was in favor of dissolving the con-
nection between the United States and all companies
or corporations, and with all State undertakings.
Act,ng on these general principles, he was in favor
cf dissolving the connection between the United
States and the canal in question; and the only ques-
tion was as to the terms. Does the joint resolntion,
aid Mr. B. propose a cession, or a sale at the mar-
ket price?
[Mr. Meerick answered, it proposed a relin-
qnishment of the interest of the United States in the
canal to the State of Maryland, on certain condi-
tions, «fee.]
Mr. B. said he believed there was no practical
difference between a sale and a relinquishment. If
sold, it could only be at the market price; and if
bought, it cou'd only be by the State of Maryland.
New toe market price, be presamed, was nothing.
He supposed that, in the pre¿end condition of the
canal, its stock wou'd have no market value, and,
therefore, that any attempt to make sale of the
stock held by ihe United States would be nugatory
and idle. If, therefore, it was desirable, as be be-
lieved it to be,for the United Sates to become dis-
connected from the work, he saw no way to do but
to follow the policy adopted in ths case of
the Cumberland road, and make a ce?sion.
Mr. B. believed that there were several peculiar
reasons for this cession in the present case. The
United States had subscribed a million of dollars to
the work, and thereby encouraged the State to go
on with it, and to enlarge and augment it. This
million was now worth nothing, and if it becomes
valuable, it must be made so by expenditures and
sacrifices on the part of Maryland; she must resus-
citate it; for it was quite certain Ihe United States
Would make no further subscription to it. He was,
therefore, in favor of the ceasion. It will strength-
en,he State—it will encourage it—it will increase
ts inducements to prosecu'e the work.   In out
hands it is of no use to the United States, or to the
State; in her hands it will be of some use ti tier im-
mediately, and to the United Srates eventually.
The resolution was ordered to be engrossed.
On motion of Mr. ALLEN, the bill for the issue
of certain general land warrants was considered
and ordered to be engrossed.
The joint resolution from the House, authorizing
the sending of certain bilk between the two Houses,
was leceived and agreed to.
The joint resolution reported from the Committee
on Public Building*, to provide compensation for
thf stone cutters on the public buildings, was taken
up, and, after being so amended as to include
"other workmen," was ordered to be engrossed.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the joint resolu-
tion ceding the stock of the United States in the
Chesapeake and Ohio Canal to Maryland, on cer-
tain conditons, was read a third time and passed.
The Senate then took up ths bills from the
House on the general orders and disposed of the
same.
Mr. MERRICK now moved to take up the joint
resolution which had been ordered to a second
read ng, chattering the banks of the Distuct for
one year,'on condition of their paying specie, &c.
Mr. TAPPAN said he objected to taking up the
time of the Senate, which could be more profitably
employed than in discussing the chartering of broken
banks. These institutions seemed determined not
to take "AT)" for an answer, but had again thrust
thenselves forward to plague the Senate with their
importunit.es. He thought it a very strange course
of proceeiing.
Mr. MERRICK said the subject had been fully
discu's^d before, aud he would not a5ain trouble
the Senate with any remarks. He was extremely
desirous, for the sake of the interests of the people
of this District, that the resolution should be passed
on, and he really hoped the Stnator from Ohio
would not object toitsbeirg taken up and dis-
posed of.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask the yeas and nays on the
proposition to take it up.
The yeas and nays being granted, there appeared
for it 22, against it 13, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Clay of Alabama,
Clayton, Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Grundy, Hen-
derson, Knight, Merrick, Phelps, Porter, Preston,
Roane, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, Southard,
Strange, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Williams, and
Young—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Calhoun, Hub-
bird, Linn, Lumpkin, Norvell, Pierce, Robisson,
Smith of Connecticut, Tappan, Walker, and
Wall—13-
• Mr. ALLEN moved to amend the resolution by
striking rut all after ihe enacting clause and insert-
ing the bill wh'cb. had been ordered to be engrossed
and afterwards rejected by the Senate. [It made
the stockholders liable, prevented the banks from
paying other than their own notes, and provided for
redeeming all their liabilities in specie, &c ]
Mr. MERRICK made an explanation in relation
to the subject.
Mr. GRUNDY gave his reasons why he should
feel himself bound to vote against the proposition of
the Senator from Ohio. He regarded the whole as
a mere temporary measure for the relief of the peo-
ple of Ihe District.
The quoticn was debated by Messrs. ALLEN,
SOUTHARD, and HENDERSON,
When the question was taken on the adoption of
Mr. Allen's substitu'e, ard decided in the nega-
tive: Yeas 9, nays 21—a'follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Hub-
bard, Lumpkin, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, and
■Wrgh —9.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderton, Clay of Alabama,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Hunt-
ington, K-rg, Kn¡s>ht, Merrick, Nicholas, Norvell,
Phelps, Poiter, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, South-
ard, Tallmadge, Whi'e, and Yourg—21.
Mr. TAPPAN here moved to strike out those
sections in the bill relating to the restrictions of
confining the pswer to issue notes to the bank?.
Mr. T. made a long and able speech in favor of
the principles of free banking, but the motion was
lost by a very large majority.
Mr. ALLEN then moved to add a provision to
the bill making stockholders liable for the debts of
the banks.
On this proposition a long debate ensued, Mr.
ALLEN contending for its propriety, and Mr.
SOUTHARD denouncing n as unjust to make wi-
dows and other* who were stockholders, liable be-
yond their contracts.
The question was here tiken on Mr. Allen's
motion, and negatives—yeas 13, nays 21.
The question was now taken on ordering the joint
resolution to a third reading, and decided in the af-
firmative—yeas 21, nays 22, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Clay of Alabama,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Fulton, Grundy, Hen-
derson, Kin?, Merrick, Phelps, Porter, Preston,
Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, Southard, Strange,
Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White, and Young—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benttn, Calhoun, Hub-
i bard, Linn, Lumpkin, Norvell, Pierce, Tappan.
Walker, Wall, and Wright—12.
Mr. WRIGHT asked io take up the bill from the
House making appropriations tor the support of
the navy for the year 1840. Mr. W. said the
House had thought proper to strike out the amend-
ment of the Ssnite making an appropriation of
$30,000 for the survey of the Southern coast from
Appalachicola to the mouth of the Mi-sissippi
river, because it was prohibited by a íule ©f that
body from attaching appropriations to any bill that
had not been recommended by the Department.
The motion pending was, that the Senate recede
from said amendment.
On this motion a very warm and animated dis-
cussion ensued, in which Messrs. HENDERSON,
SOUTHARD, WALKER, and others, insisted that
the Senate ought not to recede.
The debate las ed to a very late hour, when the
question was takan on receding and decided in the
negative—)eas 10, nays 18, as fol'ows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Hubbard, Linn, Pierce,
Robinson, Ruggles, Smith of Indiana, Sturgeon,
Tappan, and Wright—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Calhoun, Clay of
Alabama, Crittenden, Dixon, Fulton, Henderson,
King, Lumpkin, Merrick, Nicholas, Norvell, Por-
ter, Preston, Southard, Walker, Wall, and White
—18.
The House bill making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian De-
partment having bpen reported from the Committee
on Finance without amendment, was read a third
time and passed
Mr. MERRICK moved that the joint re.«ohitiott
relating to the banks of the District have its third
reading now.
Mr. ALLEN. I object. [The rule being impe-
rative, the resolution could not be read.]
Mr. MERRICK asked to introduce a resolution
suspending the 16th joint rule so far as to allow the
resolution to be embraced under its provisions.
Mr. TAPPAN here objected, when
Mr. MERRICK gave notice of his intention to
call the ques icn up on Monday.
At a very late hour, the Senate adjourned,
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,            ,
Saturday, July 18, 1840.
Mr. HOPKINS asked the general content of the
House to offer a resolution, which was lead for the
information of Ihe House, as foliowt:
Resolved, That the Clsrk of this House be and
he is hereby authorized and requested  to pay to
each  messenger  and page in attendance on the
House, the usual allowarce for extra services.
Mr. McCLELLAN objected.
Mr. HOPKINS moved to suspend the rules, and
on that motion demanded ihejeas and nay.-; which
were not ordered.
Mr. HOPKINS spoke of the immense labor
which those pages and attendants had performed;
and had read from the Clerk's table the following
s'atemenl:
' I have the honor to transmit the following fold-
ing-room statement, in reply to your note of the
17ihins¡:
From the commencement of the session
to April 1st, according to the best es-
timate I am able to make, there were
