542
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[It was now a quarter past 8.]
Mr. TRIPLEIT moved a call of the House.
It was suggested that a quorum was present;
whereupon
The SPEAKER counted the House, and report-
ed that 108 members were present.
The call was then ordered—ayes 62, noes 59.       !
But it being discoveied by the vote that a quorum
was present, the call was dispensed with.
The House having returned to committee—
The subject of the outfit to Commodore Porter
was resumed.
Mr. PICKENS explained.
Mr. LEWIS WILLIAMS opposed the appro-
priation.
And it was further discussed by Messrs.
GRAVES, DAWSON, and MONROE.
A communication from the Senate was receiver!, '
announcing the passage of certain resolutions, one
relating to the transfer of certain stock in the Chesa-
peake and Ohio Canal to the State of Maryland,   ¡
and the other to the pay of workmen. •
Mr. JENIFER pressed for having this taken up, !
but Mr. GRAVES objecting, the House returned
into committee, and resumed the subject of discus-
sion, which was debated by Messrs. RANDOLPH,
McKAY, CUSHING, GRAVES, and PICKENS, ,
when, the question being taken, the amendment of
the Senate was non-concurred in.                           ' ¡
The next item was for certain repairs in the cus- !
tom-house at Philadelphia, $3,200.                          j
Mr. WHITE of Louisiana moved to amend this I
item by adding $10,000 for completing the con- i
strnction of tbe Mint at New Orleans.
Mr. JONES considered this amendment as not
within the rules of the House.
The CHAIR deciding it out of order,
Mr. GARLAND of Louisiana took an appeal.
But, after some discussion, the decision of
die Chair was sustained: ayes 75, tees not
counted.
The Senate's amendment was then concurred in.
The next item was for running the boundary
line of Iowa Territory, $1,096, and it was con-
curred in.
Several other amendments having been con-
curred in without debate, the following additional
section to the bill was next taken up:
And be it further enacted, That in case of a deficiency of re •
ceipts of revenue from customs or lands, or other sources, or of
a failure on the part of the late deposite banks, or of the Bank of
the United States of Pennsylvania, to pay the debts due from  '
them, or to becomedue in the course of the present year, or if
from any other cause the means of the Treasury shall not be
sufficient to meet all the appropriations made by Congress, the
President of the United States shall be authorized to postpone
the expenditures under the following heads of appropriation in    j
this act, viz:   For barracks, quarters, and storehouses, &c;    |
for the national armories; for armament of fortification ; for
the current expenses of the ordnance service; for ordnance
stores and supplies; for  arsenals; for repairs and improve-
ments at  the Springfield armory; for repairs and improve-
ments at the Harper's Ferry armory; for the purchase of salt-
petre and brimstone; for continuing the barracks, quarters, &c.
at Fort Leavenworth, at Fort Wayne, at Fort Smith, at Pitts-
burgh, and at Foit Jesup, or such and so many of them, or such
proportions of each, as in his judgment, after a careful exami-
nation and inquiry, the condition of the Treasury shall demand;
such postponements tsjbe merely temporary, or until the close
of the next session of Congress, as the Treasury will warrant,
&c.
Mr. BARNARD inquired how much the appro-
priations amounted to which the Executive was
thus allowed to postpone?
Mr. JONES said he could not tell at the mo-
ment with perfect accuracy, but he believed the
amount tobe about $1,200,000.
A debate arose, in which Messrs. BARNARD,
CALHOUN of Massachusetts, PROFF1T, WAD-
DY THOMPSON, MORGAN, aud EVERETT
opposed the amendment, and Mr. SMITH of In-
diana advocated it; when
Mr. BRIGG3, adverting to the fact that it was
now near 12 o'clock, and expressing his hope that
the House would respect the Sabbath, moved that
the committee rise.
The motion prevailed, and the committee rose
accordingly, and reported progress.
And then the House, at five minutes before 12
o'clock, adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Monda r, July 20, 1840.
The following resolutions were submitted, con-
sidered by consent, and agreed to;
By Mr. BENTON: A call on the Secretary of
the Treasury for a statement, at the commence-
ment of the next session, of the annual and total
amount of goods imported from each foreign State
since the 30 h of September, 1833.
By Mr. CALHOUN: A call on the President, if
not inconsistent with the pablic interest, to present
to the Senate, at the commencement of the next
session, the correspondence and documents with '>'■
any of the British authorities in regard to certain '
allegations against Mr. Consul Trist, in connec-
tion with the slave trade.                                        '
By Mr. DAVIS: A call on the President for a
copy of the report of Captain Perry, of the United
States navy, on lights and light-houses, to be sent
to the Secretary of the Senate, and to be printed for
the use of the Senate.
On motions by Messrs. WRIGHT, WALKER,
ROBINSON, WALL, LINN, YOUNG, and DA-
VIS, the Committees on Finance, Public Lands,
Post Office and Post Roads, the Judiciary, Indian
Affairs, Roads and Canals, and on Commerce, were
respectively discharged from the further considera-
tion of all subjects on which they had not already
reported.
On motion by Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee
on Commerce, the bill for the relief of the owners
and crew of the schooner Buffalo was indefinitely
postponed.
A resolulion making the whole amount of the  .
salary of the postmasier of the Senate $1,000, was
debated at some length, and agreed to by yeas 23,
nays 10.                                              1
DISTRICT BANKS.
The joint resolution to revive and (ontinue as
they were the charters of the banks ¡n he District
of Columbia, till March 4, 1841, on condition of
their resuming and continuing specie tpafments,
having been read a third time, and the cjuemion be-
ing on its passage,                                i /
Mr. ALLEN moved to recommit the «solution,
with instructions to substitute for it thefbill lately
rejected by the Senate on this subject. This motion
was negatived, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.    Allen,    Benton,   Buchanan,
Hubbard, Linn,  Lumpkin, Robinson, Smith of   !
Connecticut,  Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wall,
and Wright—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Clay of Alabama,
Clayton,   Crittenden,   Cuthbert,  Davis,   Fulton,
Grundy, Henderson, Huntington, King, Merrick, !
Nicholas, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Ruggles, Smiih j
of Indiana, Southard, Strange, Tallmadge, White,
Young—23.
Mr. ALLEN now moved to recommit the bill, !
wiih instructions to make all stockholders in the ;
banks subject to all liabilities of the banks to the  j,
amount of their stock respectively.    If the resolu- '
tion was passed in its present shape it would ex- m
hibit the humiliating spectacle of the Senate pass- «!
ing a law which was sent here by the banks in the    i
shape of a memorial—the only difference between
the memorial and the law being that in place of
the signature of the President of one of  these
banks, there would be that of the President of the
United States, and in the place of the signatures of
the   Presidents   the   two  other banks, would be
that of the President of the Senate and the Speaker
of the House of Representatives.    To avoid this
humiliating spectacle he submitted the motion to    \
recommit the bill for the purpose of amendment.
The motion was negatived—ayes 14, nays 23,
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Benton,Buchanan, Hub-
bard, Linn, Lumpkin, Norvell, Robinson, Smith of
Conneciicut, Sturgeon, Tappan, Walker, Wall,
and Wright—14.
NAYS—Mess's. Anderson, Clay of Alabama,
Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Fulton,
Grundy, Henderson, Huntington, King, Merrick,
Nicholas, Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Presión, Rug-
leles, Southard, Strang?, Tallmadge, White, and
Young—23.
Mr. BUCHANAN said, his chief purpose,
throughout the whole time which had been occu-
pied in the discussion of this subject, was to grant
these backs all proper indulgence for a limited pe-
riod, but to render it absolutely certain that they
should be compelled to wind up their affairs, under
the previsions of the. act which we had passed for
that purpose. This latter was his main object. He
had, on a former occasion, stated his reasons at
length why these six little banks should not be per-
manently rechartered within this District of ten
miles square, under any circumstances, and why
anoiher bank, or banks, under proper restrictions,
should be substituted in their stead. He feared that
the present resolution would interfere with this prin-
ciple. It enabled ihe banks to delay their resump-
tion of specie payments, until the very day before
the 4th of March next, if they thought proper, and
then, upon resumption, they were io be restored
immediately to all their banking privileges. No
reference whatever was made in this resolu-
tion to the law now in existence for wind-
ing up these institutions; and whether this law was
not altogether repealed by the resolution, might be
a serious question. In any event, these banks
weuld come here before the 4th of March next,
having all resumed specie payments, in obedience
to your resolution, on some day, however distant,
previous to that time, and ask, almost as a matter
of right, for an extension of their charters. He
desired that this resolution m:ght pass, on the ex-
press condition that, after the 4ih of March next,
they should immediately commence winding up
their affairs, and that ihey might have no pretext
whatever to claim any further extension of their
privileges from Congress. He proposed the fol-
lowing amendment, and said that, under all the
circumstances of the case, if this should prevail,
he would vote for the resolution:
And provided further, That nothing herein coa-
tained shall be so construed as to relieve the said
banks or either of them from the provisions of the
act entitled "en act to continue the corporate exist-
ence of certain banks in the District of Columbia
for certain purposes," approved July 3d, 1840; but
they and each of them shall proceed to wind up
their affairs under the said act, immediately after
the said fourth day of March next.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama hoped no one would ob-
ject, as such was the actual intention of the friends
of the resolution.
Mr. TAPPAN said that for the purpose of as-
certaining whether the Senate of the United States
wonld pass a law for the benefit of the banks
of the District, in the precise terms prescribed by
those banks, he would avail himself of every legal
privilege to prevent any alteration in its form. He
thsrefore objected lo Ihe amendment.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama desired that it might be
particularly noticed that this objection came from
no man who wished to continue these banks at all,
on any conditions.
Mr. TAPPAN thought there would be no diffi-
culty in ascertaining the position he occupied in
relation to these banks.
Mr. Buchanan's amendment could not be consi-
dered without recommitment, which was not
moved.
The resolution was passed by the following vote:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Clay of Alabama,
Clayton, Crittenden, Cuthbert, Davis, Fulton,
Grundy, Henderson, King, Merrick, Ncholas,
Phelps, Porter, Prentiss, Preston, Rufgles, Smith
of Indiana, Southard, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, White,
Young—23.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benton, Buchanan, Hub-
bard, Linn, Lumpkin, Ncrvell,Robinson, Smith of
Connecticut, Tappan; Walker, Wall, Wright—13.
Mr. ALLEN moved lo amend the title of the
resolution by calling it a resolution to charter six
banks in the District of Columbia. Negatived
without a count.
Mr. BUCHANAN said his object would, in some
degree, be accomplished by amending the title. He
moved, therefore, to strike out the present title of
Ihe resolution and insert the following:
"A resolution supplementary to the act entitled
'an act to continue the corporate existence of cer-
tain banks in the District of Columbia for certain
purposes,' approved July 3d 1840;" which was
unanimously adopted.
On motion of Mr. MERRICK, the sixteenth
joint rule was suspended, on the part of the Senate,
in regard to this joint resolution, and it was sent to
the other House for concurrence.
