CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£4$
Mr. ALLEN moved the printing of the bank
memorial on this subject, to show, as he said, that
the Senate had humbled itself so much as to pass
this measnre under bank dictation, and in the very
form which the banks prescribed.
Mr. MERRICK said it differed in several par-
ticulars.
Mr. CLAY of Alabama said   the  memorial   ,
would show that the banks came here as humble
petitioners,   and he therefore desired  to have it
printed as much as anj body.
The printing of the memorial was accordingly   ,'
ordered without dissent.                            '        y
NAVY APPROPRIATIONS.    \   /
A message was received frem the Houjej an-
nouncing that the House insisted on its rejection of
the amendment of the Senate, (an appropriation of
$30,000 for a survey on the Gulf of Mexico, and
asking a conference -by a joint committee, the
House having appointed the committee on their
part.
On motion of Mr. WALKER, the Senate
father insisted «a 4ts amendment, and agred to a
conference, authorizing the President pro. tern, to
appoint the committee on the part of the Senate.
The bill from the House, to refund certain du-
ties paid by John M. Jacquelin, an importing mer-
chant at New York, was discussed at some length
by Messrs. RUGGLES, HUBBARD, DAVIS,
CALHOUN, and WRIGHT, and laid on the table
without dissent, on the ground, alleged by Mr.
Wright, that the Committee on Finance had at
this session rejected all claims of this kind.              |
On motion of Mr. WALL, a Senate resolution,
relating to Colt's firearms, (very indistinctly heard,)
was taken up, debated, and agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SOUTHARD, the joint reso-
lution an thorizing the purchase of Colt's repeating
rifle for the use of the navy, was taken up, discuss-
ed, amended, so as to extend to other rifles, and
Ordered to a third reading by yeas 16, nays 12.         ,
A message was received from the President of
the United States, with a report from the Com-
missioner on Indian Affairs, in pursuance of a Se-
nate resolution, relating to the purchases of Indian
lands since the establishment of the Government.
Laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted a resolution, call-
ing on the Secretary of the Navy ror information as
to the protection afforded and intended to be af-
forded to the commerce of the Gulf of Mexico.
Mr. WRIGHT objected, and observed that if
the resolution proposed only to inquire into what
had been actually done by the Navy Department,
he would agree to it; but he could not cansent to
call on the Secretary to inform the Senate what or- |
der was contemplated by the Department.
Mr. HUBBARD observed that if the gentleman
would address a letter himself to the Secretary of
the Navy, be would answer for it that he would get
a satisfactory answer.
So the resolution was laid over for one day.
The bill for the support of the army for the year
1840, was received from the House of Representa-
tives, stating that the House had agreed to all the
amendments of the Senate, with the exception of
the second and fifth, viz: the appropriation of six
thousand dollars for an outfit to the resident Minis-
ter at Constantinople, and ths appropriation of
twelve thousand dollars for the purchase of an
island at the conflnence of the St. Peters and Mis-
sissippi rivers.
Mr. WRIGHT reported back this bill from the
Committee on Finance, observing that the nature ;
of these amendments had been understood by the
Senate, having been debated at some length on the
previous evening. He felt constrained .to move
that the Senate recede from the amendments; they
were not pertinent to the bill, and had been stricken ,
out by the House, after a Jong and animated de-
bate. He hoped, therefore, the Senate would re-
cede from its amendments, and suffer the bill to be-
come a law.
Mr. WALKER hoped the Senate would not re-
cede. He thought not to comply with the contract
for the purchase of the island might be attended
with consequences injurious to our interests and
our relations with the Sioux Indians.   Important,
however, as was this amendment, yet it was not as
much so, in his estimation, as the outfit to Com-
modore Porter. The services of that gallant and
distinguished man were known to every Senator,
and was the American Senate prepared to make
him the only exception to an outfit? He hoped not,
and that the Senate would not recede. He thought
there was nothing to be apprehended for the bill,
and, in any event, a conference might be had as the
last resort.
Mr. WRIGHT was not aware that there was
any ground of compromiss by the conference.
Where cpuld they point out a middle ground on
which to stand? The amendments must be passed
or rejected—and one or the other House must yield!
The simple question was, whether the Senate should
recede from its amendment?, or, by adhering to
them, send the bill back to the House at this late
hour. He could see no good object likely to fol-
low a disagreement with the other branch, as he
thought it world not be likely to yield.
Mr. DAVIS agreed with the Senator from New
York that the Senate ought to recede from its
amendments. Neither of them were matters of
such great moment, as should induce them to run
the risk of delaying or defeating the bill. He pre-
sumed a delay of a few months could work no
great injury to Commodore Porter, and as there ap-
peared a general feeling on the part of the Senate
to vote the appropriat'on, he thought the matter
could then be postponed until the next session, and
the Senate at once recede from its amendment.
There was no ground for compromise on which
committees of conference could act.
Mr. HUBBARD said, by the rules of the Senate,
if the bill was not signed by 12 o'clock, it could not
become a law: the rule was positive that no bill
should receive the sanction of the President on the
last day of the session: and who could suppose
that the bill could go back to the other House and
be received here by that time? Beiides, there was
no sort of probability that the matter could be com-
promised, and it was safer and better at once £pr
the Sánate to yield.
Mr. WALKER insisted there was ground of
compromise, and he would suggest a very fair one
at once: they could abandon one, appropriate and
retain the other: this would be giving the House
one item, and the Senate one; and he was disposed
to abandon the island and adhere to the outfit. [Mr.
Wright, in an under tone, "I am for the island."]
Mr. W. then spoke of the justice of placing Com.
P. on the same footing with other diplomatic
agents, and the vast expense to which he has been
subjected when acting as Charge. Mr. W. thought
there was no occasion to abandon either of the ap-
propriations—the Senate ought to adhere to both.
Mr. HUBBARD read the vote in the House tr
show that it was decisive, and that there was little
chance that that body would yield: the vote on the
outfit was 54 ayes, 84 noes, and on the purchase of
the island 44 ayes, 99 noes.
Mr. WALKER then contended that the outfit
stood on the strongest ground, and that the island
was voted down by two to one.
Mr. BUCHANAN would not rob Peter to pay
Paul. He had introduced the amendment grant-
ing the outfit; but, if there was to le any sacrifice,
he would prefer that the appropriation for the is-
land should be retained. And he declared in his
place that very serious consequences might grow
out of the refusal to conform to the contract as
made by the Secretary of War.
Mr. PRESTON said, when the subject was dis-
cussed at a prior session, he had suggested an outfit,
but that suggestion did not seem to have been
backed at the time by the friends of the measure.
It was said that Commodore Porter came here for
the purpose of being made a resident Minister.
It was then said by some of the friends of the
movement that he only desired advanced r,ink, by
which he could approach the person of the Sultan,
as other ministers had the privilege of doing. The
advanced rank was given, and with it the additional
salary, and nothing further was said. With re-
gard to the island, there was some doubt about the
title, and the compensation for it was four times
too much; nay, be might say, ten times too much.
Mr, BUCHANAN said the Senator from South
Carolina [Mr. Preston] was much mistaken in
his estimate of the value of this island; and'if he
had examined the documents on the subject which
had been presented to the Senate when he was ab-
sent from his seat, his opinions of its value would
have been very different.
Mr. SMITH of Indiana give his reasons for
voting in favor of receding. It was not from any
objection to the outfit, for which he had voted on
another occasion.
The vote was then taken on receding, and de-
cided in the affirmative as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Calhoun, Clay of Ala-
bama, Clayton, Davis, Dixon, Pulton, Handerson,
Hubbard, Huntington, King, Lumpkin, Nicholas,
Porter, Preston, Robinson, Smith of Connecticut,
Smith of Indiana, Southard, Tappan, Wall, White,
and Wright—23.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anderson, Benton, Buchanan,
Linn, Norvell, Sturgeon, Tallmadge, Walker, and
Young—9.
The question was then taken on receding from
the other amendment, and carried without a count.
Mr. SOUTHARD submitted the following:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed to publish monthly the
number and date of all Treasury notes issued or
redeemable in pursuance of any of the provisions
of the laws now in force, and also the number and
amount of all drafts upon the agents of the .Trea-
sury, and the amount outstanding and unsatisfied,
specifying, in regard to both notes and drafts, the
number and amount of each under, the sum of
$100*, also under $200, and for. every additipnal
hundred.
Mr. SOUTHARD asked to hare it considered,
but it having been objected to, it was ordered to lie
over one day.
Mr. MERRICK submitted the following, which
was adop'ed:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to the Senate at the next
session, a statement showing what portion of the
public lands have been subject to entry at private
sale for 5 years and Jess than 10 years; for 10 and
less than 15; for 15 and less than 20; for 20 and
less than 25; for 25 and less than 30; for 30 and
less tha*n 35; and for 35 and upwards, designating
the States and Territories and land districts in which
said lands are situate; and what quantity of land
has been entered after it had been subject to entry
at private sale 35 years and upwards, and within
what years, and within what land district said land
was entered.
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested to cause to be prepared and transmit-
mited to the Senate, in the first week of the next
session of Congress, a statement of the number and
value of the public lots in the city of Washington
given by Congress to citizens and charitable insti-
tutions, and what rule was adopted in selecting and
valuing such lots; also, of such as have been sold
and otherwise disposed of since the passage of the
act to enlarge the powers of the several corpora-
tions of the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses, showing the authority under which sales and
dispositions of ths public lots have been made, the
means cf making such sale, the number of lots and
squares disposed of, the time of sale, the pric* per
foot at which, and the name of the person or per-
sons to whom, each lot was sold, the amount of
proceeds arising from such sale?, to what purpose
applied, the authority for such application, and the
amount, if any, remaining in hand.
Several other bills of a private nature were voted
on, and the Senate, after taking an Executive ses-
sion, adjourned at twelve o'clock.
HOUSE OF  REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, July 20, 1840.
After the journal had been read,
Mr. RAMSEY, on leave, offered a resolution
makin? extra allowance to sundry officers of the
House, and demanded the previous question upon
it, which was seconded, put, and carried. And
the main question being on the adoption of the re-
solution, the yeas and nays were ordered, ana
were-yeas- 38, nays 141. So the resolution was
rejected.
