CONGRESSIONAL. OLOBE.

TUESDAY, JULY 21, 1840.

BY BLAIR & RIVES.
WFRKLV
PRICE $1   PER SESSION.

Continued from .Vu 34.
on the subject, such of the woi' s provided for in
the bill as he might deem the t>!a¡e of the Trea-
sury to require.
Mr. WISE, in a speech of some length, con-
tended that there could be no fear of any disap-
pointment as ¡o the payment of the bond of the
United States Bank.
Mr. COOPER of Pennsylvania followed on the
same side, attacking the amendment, and landing
the United States Bank to the skies. He calkd it
"a patriotic" institution, which had never failed to
meet its engagements with the Government. He
said the amendment was an unjust attack on that j
Bank, and charged Mr. Jones with acting unwor-
thily of himself in becoming the instrument of such
a design.
Mr. SMITH of Maine replied, and spoke in
vindication of the amendment and of the chairman
who introduced it. He was astonished at the har-
dihood of any man who would stand up here in de-
fence of an institution guilty of a violation of law,
tni Constitution, and every principle of right and
justice, and even common honesty. Was it sacri-
lege to doubt the solvency or the integrity of such
an institution? Though a man might always have
paid his notes, yet it was unreasonable to doubt he-
would continue to pay, if, in the mean time, he
bad failed? It might be that the Bank would pay
the Government: all Mr. S. knew was, that the
stock was greatly below par.
Mr. JONES said the amendment was the result
of the deliberations of the committee, and not his
own individual proposition. In reply to Mr.
Cooper, he observed that there were members on
that committee who would at least compare with
that gentleman in intelligence, honor, truth, digni-
ty, and every quality that adorns the character of
man. As to the remarks pe-sonal to himself
which that gentleman had, rudely, thought fit to
make, be held them in contempt, and disdained
farther to notice them. Mr. J. then spoke in reply-
to the remarks of Mr. Wise. The estimates on
which the appropriates in this bill were founded,
had been made when the revenue was expected to
reach twenty millions, but now there had been a
falling off, and it appeared possible that it might
fallshort to the amount of four and a half millions.
Bat if the appropriations shoald be kept within the
estimates, and if the State banks and the Bank of
the United States should pay what they owed the
Government, there would be no deficiency, and
consequently the whole amount appropriated
might be applied, aBd the discretion granted to the
amendment need not be exercised As to t-\e so
much dreaded power of the President, the former
practice of the Government i.ppiopriated a aross
sum for the fortifirations in general, and the Presi-
dent had then the di^retionary power to apply the
whole snm.
Mr. COOPER made atrief rejoinder, which
proved how deeply he felt the rebuke of Mr.
Jones.
Mr. GRINNELL inquired of the Chairman of
the Committee of Ways, and Means, whether the
Bank of the United States had not already paid in
advance a great portion of the bond which was
said to be due on the first of September next.
Mr. JONES was understood to say that he had
no information which would enable him to reply in
the affirmative, beyond what he had heard from
members.
Mr. GRINNELL then said that as Mr. J. was
ttnable to reply in the negative, he, [Mr. G.] would
undertake to say that such was the fact. He then
went on to denounce the Administration for coming
before Congress and speaking of a debt as doubt-
ful, wh«n a great portion of that debt had already
been paid. He concluded by denouncing the docu-
ment of the Secretary as a manifest design to de-
ceive.
Mr. HOLLEMAN deñred to say a word. He
denied that the payment referred to bad been made
before or at the time when the document was is-
sued by the Secretary. Mr. H. proceeded to say
that, about ten days ago, he was at the Treasury
Department, when he understood that arrange-
ments were m contemp'a'ion to pay a portion of
the bond. He understood, mere'y, that gentlemen
were making arrangements to pay, but did notknow
that a single dollar ha<l been paid.
Mr. GRINNELL resumed, and,notwithstanding
the explicit avowal of Mr. H that he did not know
oí the actual payment of a dollar, proceeded to de-
nounce the Administraiioa party with double de-
ceit, in suffering a paper to be printed which spoke
of this debt as doubtful and contingent. For his
part, he had always been brought up to tell the
truth, and fear no man.
Mr. JONES here rose and said, does the gentle-
man intend to charge that I have spoken any thing
other than the truth?
Mr, GRINNELL disclaimed any such charge,
but he did charge the Secretary with sending false
and disingenuous documents, and he was surprised
that the Committee of Ways and Means should
place any reliance upon its assertions.
Mr. EVANS then took the floor, and canvassed
at large the whole fiscal affairs of the country, and
in defence of the United States Bank.
Messrs. CLARK and LEET made some brief
remarks, but chiefly relating to local matters in
Pennsylvania.
Mr. COOPER of Georgia spoke with much se-
verity in reply to the attack of Mr. Cooper of
Pennsylvania, oa the character of the members of
the Commute' of Ways and Means.
After some remarks from Messrs. WADDY
THOMPSON and WISE, in further opposition to
the amendment, and in which the latter moved
further to amend by striking out that portion of the
amendment in relation to the non-payment of bank
debts,
Mr. WICK said he had often been much puz-
zled to comprehend the drift and object or debate
in this House; but never more so than on the pre-
sent occasion.   The chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means (said he) has proposed an amend-
ment to the bill undar consideration, plain, simple,
explanatory, and precautionary, and in no respect
dangerous, or obnoxious to objection; andlo! it
has been made an occasion to get up a regular set-
to upon the old party theme—the United States
Bank—and of a last, a final Congressional charge
upen  the Administration.    At first, s«id he, I did
not know—as it is now the witching hour of night—
but that my friends of the Administration party
were dreaming, and had seen  the ghost of the de-
funct monster stalking through the hail, accompa-
nied by  witches and  warlocks, and  Ion;* nebbed
things. But a moment's reflect'on satisfied me that,
in s'oppmg at tSis conclusion, I was more smart
than wise, (bowing to ¡Mr. Wise of Virginia,) for
I remembered that the Ur ,ted States Bank was not
only dead and buried, but that my Administration
friends have, by lie passage ot the Independent
Treasury bill, tuifed over its grave, and laid its
ghoit in the Red sea.   Then, s r, siid he, why, at
this late hour of the session, have we been called
upon to sit here patiently under the infliction of a
regular attack, and defence of that old concern—to
as dull prosy details about it as we have ever heard,
here or elsewhere—to another and another attack
upon  Martin Van Buren and Levi  Woodbury?
Why have we witnessed sundry manifestations of
what  must here, I suppose, be ca'led chivalry, but
which, in the hoosier State, the boys would call
gosfrafioti?
Is not the Administration yet demolished? Have
we not heard, it proclaimed in this House, at our
lodging?, and in every street, by the gentlemen of
the Opposition, that the Administration is boda-
ciously used up, tetotaciouMy exflunctified? That
in a few weeks Levi Wcodburv is to absquatulate
to New Hampshire, Martin Van Buren to go to
Kinderhook, to trundle cabbages, and that the
friends of old Hickory will find him smoking his
pipe in the deserts of Arabia?   Why, then, toma-
hawk the slain? Why bnns; dcclcmmon o bear
upon i he Administration? Why pummel and beat
over again that which is already ueat?n to a jelly,
jelly, jammed into a cocked hat, and flung into the
middle of next week? Surely the gentlemen of the
Opposition do not wish to labor in vain. Sir, I
have thought of two reasons for all this flourish
First, it has occurred to me that the Opposition
party, being a little scant of doctrine, a personage,
called General Mum, has seen proper, at the pre-
cise close of the session, when the new issue cannot
be met and exposed, to let it leak out, through bis
friends here, in a modest kind of way, so that it
may be understood by the knowing ones, but not
by the farmers, or the honest hearted old Jackson
men, who stood by the old chief in his battle with
the monster, that he (Gen. Mum) is not hostile to a
United States Bank.
But as this does not fully account for the tone'of
this evening's debate, I have looked around the
hall for its exciting cause. I could surely find no
cause in an attentive audience on this floor, for
scarce a member has paid any attention to a word
which has been said. Every one has been talking
at the top of his voice. The din has been such,
that one has had to think by feeling, like one walk-
ing in a dungeon.
But, sir, I have looked further and higher, and
there! and there! and there! (pointing to the gal-
leries, crowded with ladies,) I find fifty or an hun-
dred good and beautiful reasons for making a
splash on this floor. Sir, it is time to quit speak-
ing; voting will be more appropriate.
Mr. JONES here rose and stated that, pending
the debaterJie had despatched a messenger to the
Secretary ofÑhe Treasury for information as to
whether any poison of the United S.a'es Bank
bond had been paíükor not. The messeoger had
jusi returned, and hefMj;. J.) conceisel it his duty
to sta'e that the letter froriHhVSecretary, in reply,
apprised him that the United State? Bank had paid
the Government $400,000 on its bonds due in Sep-
tember. Also, that the money was paid a week or
t«n days after the communication had been sent in.
The question then being taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Wise, it was rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Jones was then agreed
to.
Mr. DELLET moved to amend by inserting an
appropriation for the improvement ef the Mobile
harbor.
The CHAIR decided the amendment to be out
of order.
Mr. DELLET took an appeal; but the decision
of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. HAND wished to offeran amendment,mak-
ing an appropriation for the erection of a fort at,
the outlet c f Lake Champlain, but the Chair said
it wciu.u not be in order.
Mr. HAND said, he supposed the amendment
was not strictly in order, as there was no existing
liw. But as the bill came from the Cemtmtteeof
Ways and Means, all the membe s of which ad-
mitted the importance of the works, and as h«
found that the bill reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs would not be reached, he earnestly
entreated the committee to allow ttvs amendment
to be appended to the bill then under considera-
tion.
Objections being made, the amendment was not
received.
The committee now rose, and reported the bill to
the House, with the amendment.
In the House, the amendment having been read 
Mr. SMITH ef Maine demanded the previous
question, which Was seconded, put, and carried;
and on the main question, being on concurring with
the amendmentjthe yeas and nays were demanded,
but the House refused to order them. The a,n?Dd-
ment was c mcurred in, the bill ordereJ tu a third
reading, read a third time, and passed.
Mr. RUSSELLof New York now moved that fte
calender of Senate bills, which had been referred to
aCommitUeof the Whole, be trwrfemi. to a
