CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
>;,¥?
Mr. BELL moved to suspend the rales for the
parpóse indicated above, and on that question de-
manded the yeas and nays; which, having been or-
dered, were—yeas 84, nays 48.
So the rales were not suspended.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN of Iowa, the
last hour of the session was set apart for the consi-
deration of territorial business.
Mr. ADAMS made an effort to get up the joint
resolution authorizing the payment of the work-
men on the pnblic buildings, daring the time the
work on the same was suspended, previous to the
last session of Congress.
Mr. DAVJS of Indiana objected.
Mr. MORGAN said he rose to a privileged ques-
tion. He wished to more the following resolution,
viz:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House of Re-
Íresentatives pay to the witnesses examined in the
lew Jersey case, $2 per day, while engaged in the
examination.
Mr. CUSHING objected, on the ground that it
was not a privileged question.
The CHAIR said it was not a privileged ques-
" tion; and the resolution was not pressed.
Mr. ADAMS said the objection of the gentleman
from Indiana [iVfr.'DAVis] to the consideration of
the joint resolution for the payment of the work-
men on the public buildings, had been with-
drawn ; he therefore moved that the resclatioa be
taken op; which motion having been agreed to, the
resolution [was taken up, read the third time, and
passed; and subsequently the 17th joint rule, which
prohibits the presentation to the President for his
approbation, on the last day of the session, any bill
or resolution, was so far suspended as to permit the
presentation of the above.
Mr. JENIFER moved to suspend the 16 h joint
rules, which says that  " no bill that shall have
passed one House shall be sent for concurrence to
other on either of the three last days of the session,"
so far as to receive from the Senate the joint reso-
lution which passed that body, supplementary to
the act extending the corporate existence of the
banks in the District of Columbia.
Objection having been made,
Mr. JENIFER moved to suspend the rule to en
able him to make the motion.
Mr. BURKE demanded the yeas and nays,
which, having been ordered, were—yeas 81, nays
51; so the rules were not suspended.
Mr. JONES of Virgnia moved to suspend the
17th joint rule, so as to permit the bill making ap-
propriations for certain fortifications to be presented
to the President for" his approbation.
Mr. BRIGGS moved to amend the resolution, so
as to include all bills that may be passed before
the adjournment; and, on the question being put on
the amendment, there we—ytas 56, noes 49. No
quorum having voted,
Mr. BRIGGS withdrew the motion to amend.
The original resoluton was then agreed to.
Mr. RUSSELL asked the general consent, of the
House to offer a resolution from the Committee on
Claims, which was r ad for information, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Speaker of the House desig-
nate one member on the Committee of Claims,
whose duty it shall be, during the recess of Con-
gress, to atteml at the seat of Government, and ex-
amine all petitions, memorials, bills, and resolu-
tions committed to that committee, and not acted
on at the present session, and to prepare reports
thereon for the action of the Committee on Claims
at the next session of Congress.                '
Mr. R. said it was in consequence of the bad
condition of the private claims that the Committee
on Claims had been induced to present this resolu-
tion to the House. It was unanimously agreed to
by that committee, and he hoped it would pass.
Objection having been made to the reception of
the resolution,
Mr. RUSSELL moved to suspend the rules for
the purpose.
The CHAIR said there was a motion to suspend
the rules now pending.
The question was then taken on the motion of
Mr. Jones of Vir¿ inia to suspend the rules, and
that the House resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole House on the state of the Union, and
agreed to; and the House accordingly went into
Committee, Mr. Casey in the chair.
On motion of Mr. JONES, the committee took
up the bill for the relief of Chastellain and Ponvort,
and for other purposes, which bad been returned
from the Senate with numerous amendments,
making appropriations for various objects; all
whirh amendments were concurred in, except the
appropriation of $20,000 for the payment of Clarke
and Force, for the second and third volumes of the
Documentary History of the Revolution, and after
a few remarks explanatory of the amendment by
Messrs. JONES of Virginia, CAVE JOHNSON,
STANLY, UNDERWOOD, and EVERETT, the
amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS of Indiana moved to lay the bill
aside to be reporieá to the House, for the purpose
of considering the bill from the Senate, entitled
"An act to confirm to the State of Indiana the land
selected by her for that portion of the Wabash and
Erie Canal which lies between Tippecanoe river
and Terre Haute, and for other purposes."
But the motion was objec.ed to by several; and
The question was taken on the motion to report
the omnibus bill to the House, and agreed to.
The bill having been reported to the House, and
the question being on concurring with the commit-
tee in the amendments of the Senate,
Mr. TURNEY demanded the yeas and nays;
which were not ordered.
The question was then takes, and the amend-
ments were concurred in; and, on motion of Mr.
EVANS, the seventeenth joint rule was so far sus-
pended as to permit the bill to be presented to the
President for his signature.
Mr. DUNCAN gave notice that he would, some
day during the next session of Congress, ask leave
to introduce a bill to auihorize and require the
President of the United States to make a present
to the King of Muscat of a sloop of war, for rea-
sons which he would then name in a preamble to
the bill.
Mr. HOLLEMAN asked the House to take up
Senate bill regulating the pay of the pursers in the
navy.   The bill was of great importance.
Objection having been made,
Mr. H. moved to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose, which the House refused to do.
Mr. RUSSELL again asked the consent of the
House to enable him to report from the Committee
of Claims the resolution in relation to claims, re-
ported above; but objection bring made,
Mr. R. moved to suspend the rules for the pur-
pose; on which motion the yeas and nays having
been ordered, were—yeas 40, nays 106.
So the rules were not suspended.
Mr. STANLY moved to take up the bill regu-
lating the pay of pursers.
Mr. WISE objected. He wished ihat bill to lay
over till the next session. It was too important to
be passed upon at that late period.
Mr. GENTRY asked the House to take up the
bill regulating the mileage of members of Congress.
The CHAIR said it would require a vote of two
thirds to accomplish that object. Consequently,
Mr. G. did not press his motion.
The bill on the Speaker's table, returned from
the Senate with amendments, entitled an act for
the relief of Hyacinth L&sselle, was taken up, and
the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. JAMESON moved to take up the bill from the
Senate, eniitlsd an act creating a new land district
in the State of Missouri, and for changing the
boundaries of the southwestern and western land
districts in said State. Objection having been
made,
Mr. JAMESON moved to suspend the rules,
for the purpose, and on that motion demanded the
jeas and nays, which having been ordered, were
—yeas 72, nays 51.
So the rules were not suspended.
Ob motion of Mr. HAND, it was resolved, that
a committee be appointed to join such committee as
may be appointed on the part of the Senate to wait
on the President of the United States to notify him
that unless he may have other communications to the
two Houses of Congress, that they are ready to ad-
journ.
Mr. HAND! fiom the joint committee appoint-
ed as above, subsequntly reported- ttiat that com-
mittee had performed their duty, and receiWd'for
answer that the President had no father éommuai-
to make to the Honse, exceptúo express his wishes
for their health, and safe retara to their consti-
tuents.
Mr. JENIFER gave notice that if by the 1st of
January next, the duties and restrictions Upon our
tobacco in Europe are not modified, he should *sk
leave to introduce a bill laying eounWrWam du-
ties.                                                    I    " ^
FRENCH SPOLIATIONS PRIOR TO 1600.
Mr. CUSHING gave notice that At fté b*§ftfing
of the next session of Congress he saóu1$MU op
the bill making indemnity to claimants for spolia-
tions committed by France, prior to 1800,  nd
solicit the action-of the House thereon, Ihfre not
being any opportunity to act on the bill at the pre-
sent session of Congress.
Mr. R. GARLAND asked the consent of the
House as a last request to take up a bill, whtah he
said had passed seven years in succession, tb*n'tl«
of which the reporters did not distinctly hear  The
request was refused.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN of Iowa, the
hour of one o'clock having arrived, the House? pro-
ceeded to execute the special order, by «¡solving
itself into Committee of the Whole House outhe
state of the Union, (Mr. Casxy in the chair,) for
the purpose of considering territorial business.
Mr. DOWNING moved that the cotatoSueelake
up Senate bill entitled "An act to «utlMrlze the
President of the United States to raipeenetbttttand
five hundred men to serve against the ¡Florida In-
dians."
Mr. L. WILLIAMS objected, on the ground
thai it did not come wihin the special order.
The CHAIR so decided that it did not.
Mr. DOWNING appealed from the decision ef
the Chair; and the question was pot, "Shall the de-
cision of the Chair stand as the judgment «f the
committee?" and it was decided in the affirma-
tive.
Mr. CRABB moved to take up the bill to ad-
mit Florida into the Union; which motion was
disagree! to without  count.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN of Iowa, Seaate
bill (220) entitled "An act to amend the act enti-
tled 'an act for laying off the town of Fort-Madi-
son and Burlington, in the county of Des-Moines,
and the towns of Belleview, Dubuque, and Pera,
in the county of Dubuque, Territory' o# Wiskon-
sin, and for other purposes,' " approved Match the
3d, 1837, was taken up, read, and there being ao
motion to amend, the bill; was laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
On motion of Mr. DOTY, the bill fpr. the pro-
tection of the commerce on Lake Michigan was
taken up, and there being no motion to amend, the
bill was laid aside to be reported to the House.
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN, Senate bill en-
titled an act to cause the reserved lead mines be-
longing to the United Stales in the. several ¿States
and Territories to be sold as Other, PRblic, lands,
was next taken up; and the bill haying been jead
through,
Mr. JOHNSON of Maryland moved to strike
out the enacting clause of the bill; and |ger, a/ew
remarks by Mr. J. in favor of that motion, jtnd
Mr. CHAPMAN in opposition to íí^the question
was put, and the motion was agreed to—ayes. 68,
noes 53.
House bill to establish post routes in the Territo-
ry of Iowa was next taken up, and tnere^ being no
motion to amend the bill, it was laid. Aside to be
reported to the House.
On motion of Mr. DOTY, the bill in relation to
the Neenah and Wisconsin rivers was next taken
up, and there being no motion to anierid the bill,
was laid aside to be reported to tlte. ífcotjse."
On motion of Mr. CHAPMAN bfjpwajilie bUI
to authorize the Legislative Cooheiror'lbwa to in-
crease the jurisdicüen of justices of the peace. 
said Territory, was next taken up, and the  being
no motion to amend the bul, it was laid aside to be
reported to the House.               ...          .
Mr. DOTY moved that the-commutee rae, an<J
report the bills to the House.
