
Dec 1839.
APfrteÑW* 1ró ¥tífe CÓNGKESSiaÑÁt¡ GLOBE.
2Gth Coiíg« ««1st Stíssu
Message of the President.
Sen. &H. of Reps.
deration the pían which will be submitted to yim
by the Secretary of War, in order to enable that
department to conduct them to a successful i^u .
Having had an o:>p rtan«y oi pen- nally in-
specting a portion cf the troops during the  la«t   !
stfmraer, it gives rae pleasure to bear testimony to ¡
•the success of the effort to improve their discipline,
by keeping them together in as large bodies as the
nature of oar service will permit.   I recommend, ,
therefore, that commodious and permanent bar- \
racks be constructed at the several posts designated
by the Secretary of War.   Notwithstanding the '
high state of their discipline and excellent police, i
Ihe tvils resulting to the service from the deficiency  >
cf company office , were very apparent, and ¡I  '
recommend that the staff officers be permanently
separated from the line.                                         ¡
The navy has been usefully and honorably em-
ployed in protecting the rights and property of our
citizens, wherever the condition "of affair* seetecd ,
to require its? presence.   With the exception of one ]
instance, where an outrage, accompanied by mnr- j
der, was Committed on a vessel cf the United*"'
States while engaged in a lawful commerce, no-
thing is known to have occurred to impede or molest
the enterprise df onr citizens on that element «here
it is so signally displayed.   On learning this daring
act of piracy, Commodore Reed proceeded imme-
' diately to the spot, and receiving no satisfaction,
either in the surrender of the murderers or the
restoration of the plundered property, Inflicted
severe and merfted chastisement *n the barbarians.
It wiH be sefen bjy the report of the Secretary of
the Navjf respecthfg the disposition of "our ships of
war, that it has been deemed necessary to station
a competent force on the coast of Africyi, to prevent
a*r¥andulent rise of oor flag by foreigners.
IRecent experience has shown that the provisions
in oar existing laws which relate to the sale and
transfer* ef American vessels while abroad, are
extremely defective.   Advantage has been taken
"of these defects to give to vessels wholly belonging
to foreigner?, and navigating the ocean, an appa 
rent American  ownership.    This character has
• been so well simulated as to afford them compara-
tive seenrity in prosecuting the slave trade, a traffic
emphatically denounced in our statutes, regarded
with abhorrence by our citizens, and of which the
effectual suppression is nowhere more' sincerely
desired iban in the United States. These circum-
stances make it priper to "recommend to your early
attention a careful revision of these laws, so that,
without impeding the freedom and facilities of our
• navigation, or impairing^ an important branch of
onr indmti y connected with it, the integrity and
honor of onr flag may be carefully preserved. In-
formation derived /rom our Consul at Havana,
showing the necessity of thisj was communicated
to a committee of the Senate near the close of the
last session, but too late, as it appeared, to be
acted upon. It will be brought: to jour ,notice
by thé prbper department, with additional commu-
nications from other sources.
The latest accounts (rom the'Exploring Expedi-
tion-represent it as proceeding successfully in its
objects,' and proaising results no less useful to
trade and navigation than to science.
The extent or post roads covered by m*atlrservice
oo the first of Jury last, was about 133,999 miles,
and the rate of annual transportation upon them
.34,496,878 miles. The number of post offices on
that day was twelve thousand seven hundred and
eighty, and on the thirtieth ultimo, thirteen thou-
' sand and twenty-eight.
The revenue of the Post Office Department for
the year ending with the 30th of June last, was
fuuf million four hundred and seventy-six thousand
six hundred and thirty-eight dollars—exhibiting an
mereasr over thepreceding year of two hundred and
.^y-^ethousand five hundred and sixty dollars.
The engagements and liabilities of the Department
for the same period are four million six hundred and
' twenty-lour thousand one hundred and seventeen
dollar*.
The excess of liabilities over the revenue for the
last two yeais has- been met out of the surplus
which .had previously accumulated^  The cash on
. band on the thirtieth ultimo, was about 4206,701 95,
and   the current income oi   the  Department
varies ve¡ y little from the rate of current ex-
penditures. Moüt of the service suspended last
year h >s been re-tored. and most of the new routes
-tab'i h:.| ¡\\' • t- :,ct ( f 7th July, "c38, b?\r Hen
set in i.perition at an annual'cost nf $136,963.
Notwi.hstandi:i„' ihe pecuniary difficulties of the
country, Ihs revenue o( the Department appears to
be increasing; and urless it shall be seiiously
checked by the recent suspension of payment by so
many of the banks, it will be able not only to
maintain the present mail service, but in a
short time to extend it. It is gratifying to
fntress the promptitude and fidelity with which
the agents of this Department in general perform
their public duties.
Some difficulties have arisen in relation to con-
tracts for the transportation df the mails by railroad
and steamboat companies. It appears that the
maximum of comptnsation provided by Congress
for ihe transportation of the mails upon railroads
is not sufficient to indvtce some of the companies to
convey them at such hours as are required for the
accommodation of the public. It is one of the
most .important du'ie* of the General Government
to provide and maintain for the use of the people
of the States the be*tprac¡icable mail establishment.
To arr.ve at that end it is indispensable that the
t'ost Office Department shall be enable I to control
.the hours .at which the mails shall be carried over
"railroads,'.as1 it now" does over att other roads.
Should serious inconveniences arise fram the inade-
quacy of the compensation now provided by law,
or from unreasonable demands by any of Ine rail-
road companies the ^abject is of such general im-
portance as to require the prompt attention of
Congress,
In relation to steamboat lines, the most efficient
remedy is obvious, and has been suggested by the
Postmaster General. The War and Navy De-
partments already employ steamboats in their ser-
vice, and although it is by, no means desirable lhat
the Government should undertake the transporta-
. tion.of passengers or freight as a business, there
can be no reasonable objection to running boats,
temporarily, whenever it may be necessary to put
down attempts at extortion, to be discontinued
' as soon as reasonable contracts can be obtained.
The suggestion&of the Postmaster General rela-
tive to the inadequacy ot the legal, allowance to
witnesses in cases of prosecutions for mail depre-
dations, merit.your serious consideration. The
safely of the mails requires that such prosecutions
shall be efficient, and justice to the citizen whose
time is required to be given to the jpublic,.demands
not only that his expenses, shall be paid, but that
he shall receive a reasonable compensation.
The Reports from the War, Navy and Post Of-
fice Departments will accompany this communica-
tion, and one from Ihe Treasury Department will
be presented to Congress in a few days.
For various details in respect to the matters in
charge of .these departments, I would refer you to
those important documents, satisfied lhat yon will
find in them many valuable suggestions, which
. will be found well deserving the attention of the
Legislature.
From a report made in December of last year
by the Secretary of State, to the Senate, showing
the trial docket of each of .the Circuit Courts, and
the number of miles each jjidge has to travel in the
performance of his daties,a great ineqaaliiy ap-
pears in the amount of labor assigned to eaeh judge.
The number of term  to be held in each of the
courts composing, the ninth circuit, the distances
between the places at which they sit, and from
thence to the seat of Government, are represented
to be tueh as to render it impossible for the judge
of that circuit to perform, in a manner correspond-
ing with the public exigencies, his term and circuit
duties. A revision, therefore, of the present ar-
rangement of the. circuits seems to be called for,
and is recommended to jour notice.
I think ¡tproper to call yoar attention to the
power «turned by Territorial Legislator*  to au-
thorize «he issue of bonds by «erporate companies
on the guarantee of the Territory. Congress passed
a law in 1836, providing lhat no>ctofaTeiriterial
Legislature ineorporatwg banks should have the
force of law until approved by Congress, bat acts
of a very exceptionable character previously passed
by the Legistaturr cr Florida, were suffered to re-
main in fore, bv virm  of wr;rh binds rnrtv he is-
-■ICO   '■' a V-fT'i   \ ,;, ■ , ;;   "it J-y   lho-P   ]'"■' 'Ci'OTz,
I   up, ri ihe faith oi the Tern'oiy.      A >e o'Ut,a< :>.-
I   tending to be a joint one   pas-ed the Senate at the
j   same session, expressirg the sense of Congress that
j   the laws in question ought not to be permitted to
I   remain in force unless amended in many material
'   respects, but it failed in the House of Representa-
I   lives for want of time, and the desired amendments
i   have not been made.    The  interests involved are
l   of great importance, and the subject deserves your
early and careful attention.
| The continued agitation of the question relative
to th  best mode of keeping and disbursing the pub-
lic money, still injuriously affects the business pf
the country. The suspension of specie payments
in 1837, rendered the use of deposite banks, as pre-
scribed by the act of 1836, a source rather of em-
barrassment than aid, and of necessity placed the
custody of rno-t of the public money afterwards
collected in charge of the public officer*. The new
securities for its safety, which this required, were a
I     principal cause of my convening an extra session
,1  of Congress; but in consequence of a disagreement
II    between the two Houses, tieitber then, nor at any
subsequent period, has there been any legis-
lation on the subject. The effort made at the
last session to obtain the authority of Con-
gress to punish the use of public money for pri-
vate purposes as a crime, a measure attended
nnder other Governments with signal advantage,
was alto unsuccessful, from diversities of opinion
in that body, notwithstanding the aniiety doubt-
less felt by it to afford every practicable security.
The result of this is still to leave the custody of
the public money without those safeguards which
have been for several years earnestly desired by
the Executive; and as the remedy i* only to be
found in the action of the Legislature, it imposes
on me the duty of again submitting to you the
propriety of passing a law, providing for the safe
keeping oí the public moneys, and especially to
ask that its use for private purposes by any officers
entrusted with it, may be declared to be a felony,
punishable with penalties proportioned to the mag-
nitude of the offence.
These circumstances, added %o known defects in
the existing laws, and unusual derangement ia the
general operations of trade, have, during the last
three years, much increased the difficulties attendant
on the collodion, keeping, aad disbursement of the
revenue, and called forth corresponding exertipas
from those- having them jn ch&rge. Happily these
have been successful beyond expectation. Vast
sums have been collected and disbursed by the se-
veral Departments with unexpected cheapness and
ease; transfers have been readily made to every
part of the Union, however distant; and defal-
cations have been far lets- than might have been
anticipated, from the absence of adequate legal re-
straints. Sii'ce the officers of the Treasury aad
Post Office Departments were charged with the
enstody of most of the public moneys received by
them, there have been collected sixty-six millions
ef dollars, and, excluding the ease of the late col-
lector at New York, the aggregate amount tf
, losses sustained in- the collection cannot, it is be-
lieved, exceed sixty thousand dollars. Ihe defal-
cation of the late collector at lhat city, of the extent
and circumstances of which Congress has beau
fully informed, ran through all the nodes of
keeping the public money that have been
hitherto in use, and was distinguished by. an
aggravated disregard of duty, that broke
through the restraints of every system*; and
cannot, therefore, be usefully referred to aa a test
of the comparative safety of either. Additional in-
formation will also be furnishes by the report ef
the Secretary ef the Treasury  in reply to a call
awde upon that office  bjr the Hew of Represea-
tatives at the last session, lequiring detailed info£*
malion on the subject of defaults by public offi-
cers or asems under each Administration, irom
1783 to 1837. This document will be submitted to
yon in a few days. The general results,^depen-
dent of the Post Office,.whiqh -s kept separately,
and will* stated by itself,) so far as they bear
