APPENDIX $0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Coko ......Ist Skss.
Message of the President.
_______Dec. 1839.
Sen. & H. of Ror^T
upon this subject, are, that the losses which have
breo, and are likely to be, sustained, by any class
ef agents,   have   been—the   greatest  by   banks,
including, as required in the resolution, their depre-
ciated paper received for public dues; that the
next largest have been by disbursing officers, and
the least by collectors and receivers.   If the losses
on duty bonds are included, they alone will be
threefold those by both collectors and receivers.
Our whole experience,   therefore,  furnishes the
strongest evidence that the desired, legislation of
Congress is alone wanting to insure in those opera-
tions the highest degree of security and facility.
Such also appears to have been the experience of
other nations.   From the results of inquiries made
by the Secretary of the Treasury in regard to the
practice among them, I am enabled to state that in
twenty-two out of twenty-seven foreign Govern-
ments, from which undoubted information has been
obtained, the public moneys are kept in charge of
public officers.    This concurrence of opinion in
favor ef that system is perhaps as great as exists
on any question of internal administration.
In the modes of business and official restraints
on disbursing officers, no legal change was pro-
duced by the suspension of specie payments. The
report last referred to will be found to contain
also much useful information in relation to this
EUbj *Ct.
I have heretofore assigned to Congress my rea-
sons for believing that the establishment of an
Independent National Treasury, as contemplated
by the Constitution, is necessary to the safe action
of the Federal Government. The suspension of
specie payments in 1837, by the banks having the
custody of the public money, showed in so alarm-
ing a degree our dependence on those institutions
for the performance of duties required by law,
that I then recommended the entire dissolution of
that connection. This recommendation has been
subjected, as I desired it should be, to severe scru-
tiny and animated discussion; and I allow myself
to believe that, notwithstanding the natural diver-
sities of opinion which may be anticipated on all
subjects involving such important considerations,
it has secured in its favor as general a concurrence
of public sentiment as could be expected on one of
' sach magnitude.
Recent events have also continued to develope
new objections to such a connection.   Seldom is
- any bank, under the existing system and practice,
ab.e to meet, on demand, all its liabilities for de-
posites and notes in circulation. It maintains
specie payments, and transacts a profitable busi-
ness, only by the confidence of the public
in its solvency1, and whenever this is de-
stroyed, the demands of its depositors and
noteholders—pressed more rapidly than it can make
collections from its debtors—force it to stop pay-
ment. This loss of confidence with its consequences
occurred in 1837, and afforded the apology of
the banks for their suspension. The public then
acquiesced in the validity of the excuse; and,
while the Slate Legislatures did not exact from,
them their forfeited charter*, Congress, in accord-
ance with the recommendation of the Executive,
allowed them time to pay over the public money
they held, although compelled to issue Treasury
' notes to supply the deficiency thus created.
It now appears that there are other motives than
a want of public confidence under which the banks
seek to jusify themselves in a refusal to meet their
obligations. Scarcely were the country and Go-
vernment relieved, a a degree, from the difficul-
ties occasioned by the general suspension of 1837,
when a partial one, occurring > within thirty
months of the former, produced new and serious
embarrassments, though it bad no palliation in such
circumstances as were alleged in justification of
that which had previously taken place. There
was nothing in the condition of the country to en-
danger a well managed banking institution; com-
merce was deranged by no foreign war; every
- branch of manufacturing industry was crowned
- with rich rewards; and the more than usual abun-
dance of our harvests, after supplying our
domestic wants, had left our granaries aiid store-
houses filled with a surplus for exportation. It is
jji lb* midst PÍ |bw, that as irredeemable and de-
preciated paper  currency is entailed upon   the
people by a Luge portion of the bank-.   They are
not driven to it by the exhibition of a loss of public \
confidence, or of a sudden pressure from their de-
positors or note-holders, but ihey excuse themselves
by alleging that the current of business, and  ex-
change with foreign countries, which draws the
precious metals from their vaults, would require,
in order to meet it, a larger curtailment of their
loans to a comparatively small portion of the com-
munity, than it will  be convenient for  them to
bear, or perhaps safe for the banks to exact.  The
plea has ceased to be one of necessity.   Con-
venience and policy are now deemed sufficient te
warrant these   institutions in  disregarding their
solemn obligations.   Such conduct is not merely
an injury to individual creditors, but it is a wrong
to  the whole community, from whose liberality
they hold most valuable privileges—whose rights
they violate, whose business tbey derange, and the
value of whose property they render unstable and
insecure.    It must be evident that this new gronnd
for bank suspensions, in  reference to  which their
action is not only disconnected with, but wholly in-
dependent of. that of the public, gives a character 'o
their suspensions more alarming than any which
they exhibited before, and greatly increases the
'impropriety of relying on the banks in the transac-
tions of the Government.
A large and highly respectab'e portion of our
banking institutions are, it affords me unfeigned
pleasure to state, exempted from all blame on ac-
count of this second delinquency. They have, to
their great credit, not only continued to meet their
engagements, but have even repudiated the
grounds of suspension now resorted to. It is only
by such a course that the confidence and good will
of the community can be preserved, and, in the se-
quel, the best interests of the institutions themselves
promoted.
New dangers to the banks are also daily disclosed
from the extension of that system of extrava-
t gant credit of which they are the pillars. Former-
ly our foreign commerce was principally founded
on an exchange of comnv dities, including the pre-
cious metals, and leaving in it* transactions but
little foreign debt. Such is not now the case.
Aided by the facilities afforded by the banks, mere
credit has become too commonly the basis of trade.
Many of the banks themselves, not content with
largely stimulating this system among others,
have usurped the business, while they impair
the stability, of the mercantile community: they
have become borrowers instead of lenders; they
establish their agencies abroad; they deal largely in
stocks and merchandise; tbey encourage the issue of
State securities until the foreign market is glutted
with them; and, unsatisfied with the legitimate use of
their own capital and the exercise of iheir lawful
privileges,' they raise, by large loans, additional
means for every variety of speculation. The dis-
asters attendant on this deviation from the former
course of business in this country, are now shared
alike by banks and individuals, to an extent of
which there is perhaps no previous example in the
annals of our country. So long as a willingness
of the foreign lender, and a sufficient export of our
productions to meet any necessary partial pay-
' ments, leave the flow of credit undisturbed, all ap-
pears to be prosperous; out as soon as it is checked
by any hesitation abroad, or by an inability to
make payment there in our productions, the
evils of the system are disclosed. The paper cur-
rency which might serve for domestic purposes, is
useless to pay the debt due in Europe. Gold and
silver are therefore drawn, in exchange for their
notes, from the banks. To keep up their supply of
coin, these institutions are obliged to call upon
their own debtors, who pay them principally in
their own note?, which are as unavailable to them
as they are fo the merchants to meet the foreign
demand. The calls of the banks, therefore, in such
emergencies, of necessity, exceed that demand, and
produce a corresponding curtailment of their ac
commcdarlons and of the currency, at the very
moment when the state of trade renders it most in-
convenient to be borne. The intensity of this
pressure on the community is in proportion to the
previoas liberality of credit and consequent expan-
sion of the currency; forced sales of property are
made at the time when the means ot puichasm 
are most reduced, and the worst calamities to indi-
viduals are only at last arretted, by an open viola-
tion of their obligations by the bank*, a refusal to
pay specie for their notes, and an imposition upon
the community of a fluctuating and depreciated cur-
rency.
These consequences are inherent in the present
system. They are not influenced by the banks be-
ing large or small, created by National or State
Governments. They are the results of the irre-
sistible laws of trade and credit. In the recent
events which have so strikingly illustrated the cer-
tain effects of these laws, we have seen the bank of
the largest capital in the Union, established under a
National.chaner, and lately strengthened, as we
were authoritatively informed, by exchanging that
for a State charter, with new and unusual privi-
leges—in acrndi'ion too, a- it was sa'd, of entire
soundness and preat prosperity—not merely unable
to resist these effects, but the first to yield lo them.
Nor is it to be overlooked that there exists a
chain of necessary dependence anion? these ms'.i'u-
tions which obliges thtin, to a grrat extent, to fol-
low the coarse of others, notwitiisiánd.ne; its injus-
tice to their own immediate creditors, or injury to
the particular community in which thty are placed.
This dependence of a bank, which is in proportion to
the extent of its debts for circulation and deposi'es,
is not merely on others in its own vicinity, but rn
all those which connect it with the centre of trade.
Distant banks may fail, without seriously affecting
those in our principal commercial cities; but the
failure of the latter is felt at the extremities of the
Union. The suspension at New York, in 1837, was
every where, with very few exceptions, followed,
as soon as it was known; that recently at Philadel-
phia immediately affected the banks of the South and
West in a similar manner. This dependence of our
whole banking system en the institutions in a few
large cities, is not found in the laws of their organi-
zation, but in those of trade and exchange. The
banks at that centre to which currency flows, and
where it is required in payments for merchandise,
hold the power of controlling those in regions
whence it comes, while the latter possess no means
of restraining them; so that the value of individual
property, and the prosperity of trade, thiough the
whole interior of the country, are made to depend
on the good or bad management of the banking in-
stitutions in the great seats of trade on the seaboard.
But this chain of dependence does not stop here.
It does not terminate at Philadelphia or New York.
It reaches across the ocean, and ends in London,
the centre of the credit system. The same laws of
trade, which give to the banks in our principal
cities power over the whole banking system of the
-United States, subject the former, in their turn, to
the money power in Great Britain. It is not de-
nied that the suspension of the New York banks
in 1837, which was followed in quick succession
throughout the Union, was jroduced by an appli-
cation of that power; and it is now alleged, ia ex-
tenuation of the present condition of so large a
portion of our banks, that their embarrassments
have arisen from the same cause.
From this influence they cannot now entirely
escape, for it has its origin', in the credit currencies
of. the two countries; it is strengthened by the
current of trade and exchange, which centres
in London, and is rendered almost irresistible
by the large debts contracted there by our
merchants, our banks, and our States. It is
thus that an introduction of a new bank into
the most distant of our villages, places the busi-
ness of that village within the influence of the money
power in England. It is thus that every new debt
which we contract in that country, seriou>ly affects
our own currency, and extends over the pursuits
of our citizens its powerful influence. We can-
not escape from this by making new banks, great
or small, Slate or National. The same chains which
bind those now existing to the centre of this system
of paper credit, must equally fetter every simitar
'institution we create. It is only by the extent
to which this system has been poshed of late,
that we have been made fully aware of its irresisti-
ble tendency to subject our own banks and car*
