prr
Dec 1339.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
26th Coso   1st Sbss.
Message of tht President.
reflcy to a vast controlling power in a foreign land;
tnd it adds a new argument to those which illus-
trate their precarious situation. Endangered in
the first place by their own mismanagement,
and again by the conduct of every institution
which connects them with the centre of trade in
oar own country, they are yet subjected, beyond all
this, to the effect of whatever measures policy, ne-
cessity, or caprice, may induce those who control
the credits of England to resort to. I mean
not to comment upon these measures pre-
sent or past, and much less to discourage
the prosecution of fair commercial dealing
between the two countries, based on recipro-
cal benefits; but it having now been made
manifest that the power of inflicting these and simi-
lar injuries, is, by the resistless law of a credit
currency and credit trade, equally capable of ex-
tending their consequences through all the ramifi-
cations of our banking system, and by that means
indirectly obtaining, particularly when our banks
are used as depositories of the public moneys, a
dangerous political influence in the United States,
I hav« deemed it my duty to bring the subject to
your notice, and ask for it your serious conside-
ration.
Is an argument required beyond the' exposition
of these facts, to show the impropriety of using tmt
banking institutions as depositories of the public
money? Can we Tentare not only to encounter
the risk of their individual and mutual mismanage-
ment, bat, at the same time, to place our foreign
and domestic poliey entirely nnder the control of
a foreign moneyed interés!? To do so is to im-
pair the independence of our Government, as the
present credit system has already impaired the
independence of our banks. It is to submit all its
important operations, whether of peace or war, to
be controlled or th waned at first by oar own
banks, and then by a power abroad greater than
themselves. I cannot bring myself to depict the
humiliation to which this Government and people
might be sooner or later reduced, if the means for
defending their rights are to be made dependent
upon those who may have the most powerful of
motives to impair them.
Nor is it only in reference to the effect of this
state of things on the independence of oar Govern-
ment or of our banks, that the subject presents it-
self for consideration; it is to be viewed also in its
relations to the general trade of our country. The
time is not long pasttwhen a deficiency of foreign
crops was thought to afford a profitable market for
the surplus of our industry; but now we await with
feverish anxiety the news of the English harvest,
sot so much from motives of commendable sym-
pathy, bat fearfnl lest its anticipated failure should
narrow the field of credit there. DceS not «his speak
volumes to the patriot? Can a system be benefi-
cent, wise, or ja-st, which creates greater anxiety for
interests dependent on foreign credit, than for the
general prosperity of our own country, and the
profitable exportation of the surplus produce of onr
kbor?
The circumstances to which I have thus adverted
appear to me to afford weighty reason*, developed
by late events, to be added to those  which I have
t n former occasions offered, when submitting to
your better knowledge and discernment the pro-
priety of separating the custody of the public money
from banking institutions.    Nor has any thing oc-
curred to lessen, in my opinion, the force of what
has been heretofore urged.   The only ground on
which that custody can be desired by the banks, is
the profitable use which they may make of the
money.   Such use would be regarded in individu •
als as a breach of trust, or a crime of great magni-
tude, and yel   ¡t may   ^ reasonaD|y   doubted
whether, first and las , it is not attended with more
T!Ze'°ns> consequences, when permitted to the
i « aL t0 th* la,ter' Tne I**"' * of permit-
ting the pobijc njoney to ^ v¡seá by ,te fee<.pers as
here, is believed to be peculiar to this country, and
« exist scarcely anywhere else. To procure it
bere, improper influences are appealed to; unwise
connect.onS are established between the Govern-
ment and vast numbers of powerful State institu-
K". m°u™ 'han the publfc good are
brought to be« both on the Executive and Legisla-
tive departments, and selfish combinations, leading
to special legislation, are formed. It is made the
inteiest of banking institutions and their stock-
holders throughout the Union to use their exertions
for the increase of taxation and the accumulation
of a surplus revenue) and, while an excuse is
afforded, the means are furnished for those exces-
sive issues which lead to extravagant trading and
speculation, and are the forerunners of a vast debt
abroad, and a suspension of the banks at home.
Impressed, therefore, as I am, with the propriety
of the funds of the Government being withdrawn
from the private use of either banks or individuals,
r~ and the public money kept by duly appointed pub-
J lie agents-, and believing, as I do, that such also
i is the judgment which discussion, reflection and
experience have produced on the public mind, I
leave the subject with you.   It is, at all events,
essential to the interests of the community and the
business of the Government, that a decision should
be made.
Most of the arguments that dissuade us from
employing banks, in the custody and disbursement
of the public money, apply, with equal force to
the receipt of their notes for public dues. The dif-
ference is only in form. In one instance, the Go-
vernment is a creditor for its depositee, and in the
other for the notes it holds. They afford the same
opportunity for using the public moneys, and
equally lead to all the evils attendant upon it, since
a bank can as safely extend us discounts on a
deposite of its notes in the hands of a public offi-
cer, as on one made ¡n its own vaults. On the ether
hand, it would give to the Government no greater
security, for, in case of failure, the claim of the
noteholder would be no better than that of a de-
posi'or.
I am aware that the danger of inconvenience to
the public, and unreasonable pressure upon sound
banks, have been urged as objections to requiring
the payment of the revenue in gold and silver.
These objections have been greatly exaggerated.
From the best estimates we may safely fix the
amount of specie in the country at eighty-five mil-
lions of dollars, and the portion of that which
would be employed at any one time in the receipts
and disbursements of the Government, even if the
proposed change were made at once, would not, it is
now, after fuller investigation, believed, exceed four
or five millions. If the change were gradual, se-
veral years would elapse before that sum would
be required, with annual opportunities in the mean
time to alter the law, should experience prove it
to be oppressive or inconvenient. The portions of
the community on whose business the change
would immediately operate, are comparatively
small, nor is it believed that its effect would be in
the least unjust or injurious to them.
In the payment of duties, which constitute by far
the greater portion of the revenue, a ver^ large
proportion is derived from foreign commission
houses and ageats of foreign manufacturers, who
sell the goods consigned to the.ni, generally, at
auction, and after paying thedutiesout of the avails,
remit the rest abroad in specie or its equivalent.
That the amount of duties should, in such cases, be
also retained in specie, can hardly be made a matter
of complaint. Our own importing merchants, by
whom the residue of the duties is paid, are not
only peculiarly interested Jn maintaining a sound
currency, which the measure inquestion will espe-
cially promote, but are, from the nature of their
dealings, best able to know when specie will be
needed, and to procure it with the least difficulty or
sacrifice. Residing, loo, almost universally in
places where the revenue is received, and where
the drafts used by the Government for its disbur.-e-
ments must concentrate, they have every opportu-'
nity to obtain and use them in place of specie,
should it be for their interest or convenience. Of
the number of these drafts, and the facilities they
may afford, as well as of the rapidity with which
the pablic funds are drawn and disbursed, an idea
may be formed from the fact that, of nearly twenty
millions of dollars paid to collectors and receivers
during the present year, the average amount in
their hands at any one .time has not exceeded a
million and a half; and of the fifteen millions re-
ceived by the collector of New York alone during
__________________Sen. & H. of Reps.
the present year, the average amount held by him,
subject to draft during each week, has been less
than half a million.
The ease and safety of the operations of the
Treasury in keeping the public money, are promo-
ted by the application of its own drafts to the pub-
lic dues. The objection arising from having tbem
loo long outstanding, might be obviated, and they
yet made to afford to merchants and banks holding
them an equivalent for specie, and in that way
greatly lessen the amount actually required. Still
less inconvenience will attend the requirement
of specie in purchases of public lands. Such pur-
chases, except when made on speculation, are, in
general, but single transactions, rarely repeated by
the same person; and it is a fact, that for the last
year and a half, during which the notes of
sound banks have been received, mere than a
moiety of these payments has been voluntarily made
in specie, being a larger proportion than would
have been required in three years under the gradu-
ation proposed.
It is moreover a principle than which none isbet-
ter settled by experience, that the supply of the pre-
cious metals win always be found adequate to the
uses for which they are required. 1 hey abound in
countries where no other currency is allowed. In
our own States, where small notes are exduied,
gold and silver supply their place. "When driven
to their hiding places by bank suspensions, a li tie
firmness in the community soon restores tte.n in
a sufficient quantity for ordinary purposes. Post-
age and other public dues have been collected in.
coin, without serious inconvenience, evea in States'
where a depreciated paprr currency has existed for
years, and this, with the aid of Treasury notes for
a part of the time, was done without interruption
during the sutpension of 1837. At the present mo-
ment, the receipts and disbunements of the Govern-
ment are made in legal currency in the largest por-
tion of the Union—no one suggests a departure from
this rule; and if it can now be successfully carried
out, it will be surely attended with even less diffi-
culty when bank notes are again redeemed in specie.
Indeed I cannot think that a serious objection
would any where be raised to the receipt and pay-
ment of gold and silver in all public transactions,
were it not fiom an apprehension, that a, bur pi us
in the Treasury might withdraw a large portion of
it from circulation, and lock it up unprofitably in
the public vaults. It would not, in my opinion, be
difficult to prevent such an inconvenience fri m oc-
curring; but the authentic statements which I have
already submitted to you ia regard to the actual
amount ia the public Treasury at any one time
during the period embraced in them, and the little
probability o' a different state of the Treasury for
at least some years to come, seem to render it un-
necessary to dwell upon it. Congress,, moieover,
as I have before observed, will in every year have
an opportunity to guard against it, should the oc-
currence of any circumstances lead us to appre-
hend injury from this source. Viewing, the sub-
ject in all its aspects, I cannot believe that any
period will ba more auspicious than the present
for the adoption of all measures necessary to main-
tain the sanctity of our own engagements, and to
aid in securing: to the community that abundant
supply ot the precious metals which adds so much
to their prosperity, and gives sue1  incieased sla-
bil ty to all their dealings,
In a country so commercial as ours, bants in
some form will probably always exist; but this
serves only to render it the more incumbent on us,
notwithstanding the d scouragements of the past, to
strive in our lespective statious to mitigate theevils
they produce: to take from them as rapidly as.thu
obligations oí public faith and a careful cons.-
deratiop of the immediate interests of the com-
munity will permit, the unjuvt character of mo-"
nnpohes! to checlf so far as may ber practi-
cable by * prudent legislation, those tcrja, tation
of interest and those opportunities for their
dangerous indulgence, which beset them en every
side, and to cot.firre themstrictly to the performance
of their paramount duty, that of aiding it  opera-
tions of commerce, raiber than «^«"V^í,0™
exclusive advantage. These andI other salutary
reforms iriay, it tó believed, be accomplished with 
.
