6
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 1839.
26th Cok6"««1st. Sess.
Message of the President.
Sen & H. of R
eps.
cut the violation of any of the great principles of
the social compact, the observance of which is in-
dispensable to its existence, or interfering in any
way with the useful and profitable employment of
real capital.
Institutions so framed have existed and still exist
elsewhere, giving to commercial intercourse all
necessary facilities, without inflating or depreciating
the currency, or stimulating speculation. Thus ac-
complishing their legitimate ends, they have gained
the surest guarantee for their prottction and en-
couragement in the good will of the community.
Among a people so just as ours the same results
could rot fail to attend a similar course.   The di-
rect supervision of the banks belongs, from the
nature if our Government, to the States who autho-
rize thrm.    It is to their Legislatures that the peo-
ple must mainly look for action on that subject.
But as the conduct of the Federal Government in
the management of its revenue has also a pow-
erful   though   less   immediate, influence   upon
tr em, it becomes our duty to see that a proper
direction is given to it.   While the keeping of the
public revenue in a  separate and Independent
Treasury, and of collecting it in gold and silver,
will have a salutary influence on the system of
paper credit with which all banks are connected,
and thns aid those that are sound and well man-
aged, it will at the same time sensibly check such
as are otherwise, by at once withholding the means
of extravagance afforded by the public funds, and
restraining them from excessive issues of notes
which they would be constantly calleoV upon to
redeem.
I am aware it has been urged that this control
nay be best attained and exerted by means of a
National Bank. The constitutional objections,
which I am well known to entertain, would pre-
vent me in any event from proposing or assenting
to that rem;dy; bat in addition to this, 1 cannot,
after past experience, bring myself to think that it
can any longer be extensively regarded as effec-
tive for such a purpose. The history of the late
National Bank through all its mutations shows
that it was not so. On the contrary, it may, after a
careful consideration of the subject, be, I think,
safely stated, that at every period of banking excess
it took the lead; that in 1817, and 1818, in 1823, in
1831,and in 1834, Hrvast8xpaosions,foltow6d by dis-
tressing contractions, led to those of the State insti-
tutions. It swelled,and maddened the tides of the
banking system, but seldom allayed, or safety di-
rected them. At a few periods only was a salutary
control exercised, but an eagerTlesire, on the con-
trary, exhibited for profit in the first place; and if,
afterwards, its measures were severe towards other
institutions, it was because its own safety compelled
it to adopt them. It did not differ from them in
principle or in forro; its measures emanated from
the same spirit of gain; it felt the same temptation
to overissues; it suffered from, and was totally un-
able te avert, those inevitable laws of trade, by
which it was itself affected equally with them; and
at least on ene occasion, at an early day, it was
saved only by extraordinary exertions from the
same fate that attended the weakest institution it
professed to supervise. In 1837 it failed, equally
with others, in redeeming its notes, though the two
years allowed by its charter for that purpose had
not expired, a large amount of which remains to
the present time outstanding! It is tree, that
having so vast a capital, and strengthened by the
use of all the revenues of the Government, it pos-
sessed more power; but while it was i'self, by that
Circumstance, freed from the control which all banks
require, its paramount object and inducement were
left the same—to make the most for its stockholders,
not to regálate the currency of the country. Nor
has it, as far as we are advised, been found to be
greatly otherwise ekewhere. The national cha-
racter given to the Bank of England, has not pre-
vented excessive fluctuations in their currency, and
it proved unable to keep off a suspension of specie
payments, which lasted for nearly a quarter of a
century. And why should we expect it to be other-
wise? A national inftitation, though deriving its
charter from a d.fferent source than the State
banks, is yet constituted upon the same principles;
¡j conducted by men equally exposed to tempta-
tion; and is liable to the same disasters; with the
additional disadvantage that its magnitude occa-
sions an extent of confusion and distress which the
mismanagement of «mailer institutions could not
produce. It can scarcely be doubted that the re-
cent suspension of the United States Bank of Penn-
sylvaaia—of which the effects are felt not in that
State alone, but over half the Union—had i's ori-
gin in a course of business commenced while it
was a national institution; and there is no good
reason for supposing that the same consequences
would not have followed, had it still derived
its powers from the General Government. It
is in vain, when the influences and impulses
are the same, to look for a difference in conduct or
results. By such creations, We ds therefore but
increase the mass of paper credit and paper cur-
rency, without checking their attendant evils and
fluctuations. The extent of power and the effi-
ciency of organization which we give, so far from
being beneficial,are in practice positively injurious.
They strengthen the chain of dependence through-
out the Union, subject all parts more certainly to
common disaster, and bind every bank more
effectually, in the first instance, to those of our
commercial ciliss, and, in the end, to a foreign
power. In a word, I cannot but believe that, with
the full understanding of the operations of our
banking system which experience has produced,
public sentiment is not less opposed to the creation
of a National Bank for purposes connected with
currency and commerce, than for those connected
with the fiscal operations of the Government.
Yet the commerce and currency of the country
are suffering evils from the operations of the State
banks which can not and ought not to be over-
looked. By ibeir means, we have been flooded
with a depreciated paper, which it was evidently
the design of the (ramers of the Constitution to
prevent, when they required Congress to "coin
money arid regulate the value of foreign coins,"
and when they forbade the States "to coin money,
emit bills of credit, make any thing but goli and
silver a tender in payment of debts," or "pass any
law impairing the obligation of contracts." If
they did not guard more explicitly against the pre-
sent state of things, it was because they could not
have anticipated that the few banks then existing
were to swell to an extent which would expel to
so great a degree the gold and silver, for which they'
had provided, from the' channels of circula-
tion, and fill them with a currency that de-
feats the objects they had in view. The remedy
for this mut chiefly rest with the States from
whose legislation it Has sprung. No gooci that
might accrue in a particular case from the exer-
cise of powers, not obviously conferred on the
General'Govern meat, would authorize its interfe-
rence, or justify a course that might, in the slightest
degree, increase, at the expense of the State*, the
power of the Federal authorities—nor do I doabt
that the St3?es will apply the remedy. Within jher
last few years, events have appealed to them too
strongly to be disregarded. They have seen that the
Constitution, though theoretically adhered to, is sub-
verted in practice; that while on the statute books
there is no legal tender but gold and silver  no
law impairing the obligations of contracts, yet that,
in point of fact, the privileges conferred on bank-
ing corporations have made their notes the cur-
rency of the country; that the obligations imposed
fcy these notes are violated under the impulses oí
interest or convenience; and that the number and
power of the persons connected with these corpora-
tions, or placed under thsif influence, give them a
fearful weight when their interest is in opposition
to the spirit of the Constitution and laws. To the
peopli it is immaterial whether these results
are produced by open violations of the latter,
or By the workings of a system d "«hich the
result is foe same. An inflexible execution
even of the existing statutes of most of the
States, would redress many evils now _ en-
dured; would effectually show the banks the dan-
gers of mismanagement which impunity encou-
rages fhem to repeat; and would teach all corpora-
tions t!*e useful lesson that they are the subjects of
the law and the servants of the people. What is
still wanting to effect tnese objects must be sought
in additional legislation; or, if that bs inadequate
in such furtner cons'.itu'ional grants or restrictions
as may bring us back into ih? path f;o n which we
have so widely waudered.
In the meantime, it is the duly of the General
Government to co-operate with the States, by a
wise exeicise of its constitutional powers, and the
enforcement of its existii.g laws. The extent to
which it may do so by iurther enactments, I have
already adverted to, and the wisdom of Congress
may yet enlarge them. But, above all, it is incum-
bent upon us to hold erect the principles of mo-
rality and law, constantly executing our own con-
tracts in accordance with the provisions of the
Constitution, and thus serving as a rallying point
by which our whole country may be brought back
to that safe and ho.iorel standard.
CKir people will not long be insensible to the
extent of the burdens entailed upon them by the
false system that has been operating on their san-
guine, energetic, and industrious character; nor to
the means necessary to extiicate themselves from
these embarrassments. The weight which presses
upon a large portion of the people and the S aies,
is an enormous debt, foreign and domestic. The
foreign debt of our States, corporations, and
men of business, can scarcely be le^s than two
hundred millions of dolíais, requiring mure than
ten millions ol dollars a year to pay the inte-
rest. This sum has to be paid out of the
exports of the country, and must of necessity
cut off imports to that extent, or plunge the country
more deeply in debt from year to year. It is easy
to see that the increase of this foreign debt must
augment the annual demand on the exports to pay
ihe interest, and to the same extent diminish the
imports; and in propoition to the enlargement of
the foreign debt, and the consequent increase df in-
terest, must be the decrease of the import trade. In
lieu of the comforts which it now brings us, we
might bave our gigantic "banking institution?, and
aplendid,but, in many instances,profitless, railroads
and canals, absorbing to a great extent, in interest
upon the capital borrowed to construct them, the
surplus iruits of nationali ndustry for years to come,
and securing to posterity no adequate return for the
comforts which the labors of, their hands might
otherwise have secured. It is not by the increase of
this debt that reltei is to be sought, but in its dimi-
nution. Upon this point, there is, 1 am happy to
say, hope before us; not so much in the re-
turn of confidence abroad, which will enable the
States to borrow more money, as in a change of
pabl.c feeling at home, which prompts our people
to pause in their career, and ihiuk o¡ the means by
which debts are to be paid bsfore they arc
contraced. If we would escape embarrassment,
pubic and private,, we must cease to run in debt,
except for objects of necessiiy, or such as will
yield a certain return. Lit. the, faith of the States,
corporations, and individuals, already pledged,
be kept with Ihe most punctilious regard. It is
due to our national character, as well as to justice,
that this should on th'e part of each be a fixed
principle of conduct. But it behooves us all
to be more chary in pledging it hereafter.
By ceasing to run in debt, and applying the
surplus of our crops and incomes to the discharge
of ex'sting obligations, buying less and selling
more, and managing all affairs, public and private,
with strict economy and frugality, we shall sea
our country soon recover from a temporary depres-
sion, , arising not from natural and permanent
causes, but from those I have enumerated, and ad-
vance with renewed vigor in her career of pros-
perity.
Fortunately for us, at this moment, when the
balance of trade is greatly. against us, and
the difficulty of meeting it enhanced by the
disturbed state of our money affairs, the boun-
ties of Providence bave come to relieve us from
the consequences of pas>t errors. A fai'hfnl
application of the immense results of the labors of
the last season will afford partial relief for.the pre-
sent, and perseverance in the same course will, in
due season,accomplish the rest. We have had full
experience, in times past, of the extraoidi nary re-
suits which can, in this respect, be broughtabout in a
short period, by the united .and well directed efforts
