r
Dec 1839.______________
€6th Cong.......1st Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1!
JVew Jersey Question—Mr. Shepard.
H. cf Reps.
iv'ct any errois or frauds in the e!ec ions or returns
It has been   conceded  in the  argument that the
managersofe'ecttons might reject the vote of one
riisqaalifiid by the State laws befort it is put into
«he ba'loi or taken viva voce.    Well, is not this an
act of judging?   But it is contended that the man-
agers cannct reject the vole if it is once received,
however fraudulent or illegal.    Here, then, is a
great constitutional power resting in a matter of
t.ms.    If the fraud i< detec'el before the vote i-s re-
ceived, it is consiitut'onal'y condemned; if after, it
is constitutionally   above   repudiat on.   Suppose,
sir, that, in canting out the votes, three of them
are   found   rolled   up   together,   or   more  votes
are    received    than     voters:     must    not   the
judges of the election jndgeof such frauds upon the
pels? Suppose the name equivocal or illegible, or
he vet-- is a blank: must they not determine whether
t shall be couned?   And in many of the cities
where the names of the voters are registered,  and
those for whom they vote are recorded, a fraadu-
knt or il'egal vote can as well be determined after
as before an election.      I am surrounded by mem-
bers of Congrcs> from every part of ¡he Confede-
racy, and I ?sk them whether, in every State in the
TJuion, the m^n-grs ar.d jm'gf s of elec'i ns have
not, from the or g n of our Government, exercised
tbe power of pcrgmg the pols in all ca;es of dis-
covered frauds?    Whilst, th refore, I maintain, in
its broadest latitude, the power ef this House to
judge of "the elections, returns, and qua ifications
of its members," and to revi-e the conduct of all
the ele:tion officers, I do net think that these pow-
ers are, in the first instance, denied to the State au-
thor, ties.
Some gentlemen, however, unaMe to deny that
the Governor had a right, under the laws of a
Stae, t"> give a commssion to a member of Con-
gres-, t,evenhele-s contend fiat the commission is
nothing but a ieiurn of the election, and that, for
that purpose, the Governor is a returning officer of
th;s House. I think, if the commission is a mere
retara, the argument is not far from being right.
Bat in what a degrading posit,on dots it place the
sovceign States of this Confederacy ! If the com-
mission is a return of the elections, and the Go-
vernor of a Stat  is an officer of ths House, of
course he must be amenable end responsible to
this House. May he not be dragged here, and
punished for any imputed fraud in his returns?
And where would be the pride and so-, ere'gnty of
the States in the operation of so monstrous a posi-
tion? If a law were passed hy Congress making
the Gove.nors of the States our returning officers,
tinier the pretext of lhe power of "iresciibing
the tifne, place, and mariner of holding elec-
tions," what State in ths Union, from the
largest to the smallest—from New York to Dela-
ware—would submit to it? Sir, I hold in my hand
the commission of my membership to represent the
Stateof South Carolina on this floor, under her seal
of State, and the signature of her Governor. Do you
think I hold it to be on a parity with the returns of
the inferior agents of the elections, and to carry
with it no more dignity and power than the certifi-
cates of such ignoble and contemptible instruments
(if reputation does not belie them) as figured at
Millville and South Amboy? Is this commission,
with its proud mo'to blaz >ned opon it, a usurpa-
tion—a mere nullity—or worse than a nullity—a
foul instrument, by which the high Executive of
Somh Carolina is mide amenable to this House?
Would life iis«lf be worth such dishonor?
I will now, Mr. Chairman, briefly recur to the
conduct 1 have pnrsned in carrying out the princi-
ples I have here supported. I did not vote for the
resolution of the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Wis ,] declaring that the roll should be called in
the usual order of States, and that the gentle-
men from New Jersey, who hold the commission
iro.n the Governor, should take their seats, for
i rVe*ROn8' wnich were covered by the resolution
I had giren notice I should present as a substitute.
In the first place, if this course had been pursued,
these gentlemen would have been inducted into
their seats; and thus have been empowered to vote
m their own cases, on any subsequent investiga-
tion, lhe House will bear in mind that so soon
as you, sir, were installed in that chair, the qnes
u
tion arose  whe:her these gentlemen had a  tight
to vote on the matter of these contested seats, in
which they were interested.   I called to your at-
tention the rule of the House which I thought
disqualified them from  voting.    You determined,
however, that they had a  right  to vote, and that
their interest in their  seats  was not  personal,
but   representative—the   interest of their consti-
tuents.   Prom   this   decision   there was  an   ap-
peal, and  I voted against their right.     I could
nfrtt, with the least consistency, vote for a resolu-
tion which, without any change of circumstances,
overruled what had been done, and gave the very
right of voting I had denied.   In the second place,
the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia is
in direct confl'ct with a principle I have avowed,
and which I deem exceedingly important in this
controversy.   It i< that principle, so ably exposed
and advocated by  the honorable gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Underwood,] that we have a right
to recognise, and a right  to refuse to recognise,
each other as members of Congress; and upon a
refusal to recognise any member of Ccrgress, he
should stand aside until all who recognise each
other had taken   their seats.    A judicial tribunal
would thus be organized of those whose sea:s are
uncontested, to determine upon thot>e whose seats
are  contested.    Now, the resolution from the gen-
tleman from Virginia, if adopted, would have been
a denial of this important principle.   Without any
tribunal organized- from the members whose seats
were uncontested—without the right   of  setting
aside those whose seats were contested—in direct
conflict with the right of members to iefuse to re-
cognise any claimant as a member of Congress, it
proposed at once to induct the gentlemen from
New Jersey, who had the Governor'  commission,
into  their seats.   Having already voted  against
such a course, I had no alternative but to act so
still.   The third reason for my voting against the
resolution of the gentleman from Virginia was,
that it did not affirm the power of the House, at
this stage of its organization, "to judge of the elec-
tions, qualifications, and returns of its members."
The whole case—all the testimony on your table,
was  not   laid before us;  and to give a judgment
short of the broadest exposition of facts before us
might give the inference that we did not think we
had a right to have them exposed for  our judicial
determination.     Maintaining, as I do, that this
House  is the House of   Representatives of the
Congress of the United State—as fully competent
now as at any future time to "judge of the elec-
tions, returns, and qualifications of its members,"
I did not deem it consistent with such a position to
vote for a proposition which did  not   distinctly
affirm this right.   To settle   and establish right
principles is far more important than to do just'ee
to any man; because in such a case justice to the
individual may  be the precedent for the grossest
wrong to others.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, briefly assigned my
reasons for votin? against the resolution of the
gentleman from Virginia, The propositions which
these reasons establish are all contained in the
resolution I proposed as a substitute; which has
been adopted by the House. Whilst agreeing in
the result with those who r/iaintain that those who
hold the Governor's commission should have the
contested seats, I could not, consistently with my
previously expressed opinions and conduct, go
with them in their manner of obainin? it.
I voted for the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Nayl<r] taking his seat, becaus*, from the
terms of the law of Pennsylvania, the proclama-
tion of the Governor, declaiing who were mem-
be-s of Congress to represent that State, was to be
issued within a certain number of days (twenty
days, I think) after the election. The Governor of
Pennsylvania (at that time Governor Ritner) did,
within the time prescribed by law, issue his procla-
mation, declaring Mr. Naylor a member of Con-
gress. Tbe subsequent proclamation of Governor
Potter, declaring Mr. Ingersoll e!ecie), was with-
out the time prescribed by law, and was, therefore,
wholly unauthorized. In tbe New Jersey cases,
now before us, we have the commission of the
Governor. We have this commission impugned
upon grounds of fact; and we have these facts de-
nied by thoss hokiirg the commission. We can-
not, now, sir, in thts stage of our organizition, go
into an elaborate consideration of these facts; and
nothing short of a fn I and elaborate consideration
of them would be dispensing justice. The Go-
vernor's commission is a title, to be set aside only
upon the clearest proof of fraud in its creation;
but when the alleged fraud is disputed and e'enict,
upon what principle of justice, which has ever ob-
tained in judicial or legislative bod es, can you
stop short at the allegation of fraud, and not allo.v
the allegation to be di-provod? We have the altei-
native, then, presented to us, of stopping at the
commission, or of going, at thi= na'ie of cur
organization, into the merits of the whole c.se.
If we go into the merits of the whole ea^o,
send for persons and papers, hear te timonv,
and hear arguments, will gentlemen tell me
when ihe investigation will end? I doubt not
the power of the House to go into the investigation;
but the argument «5 inconvenienti against such a
course appears to be irresistible. There are other
matters before the country, of grave importance,
besides the seats of these five gentlemen from New
Jersey. We should admi*, I think, those who have
the Governor's commission, in the organization of
the House; and, when the House is f'ul'y orga-
nized, refer the whole matter to ihe committee of
privileges of elections. In the mean time, we shall
have put an end to the angry and disgraceful strug-
gle in which we are now engaged, and the business
of the people will go on:
Mr. Chairman, I have thus, as briefly as the
subject would permit, stated my opinions on some
of the questions before you, and my reasons for the
course I have pursued and shall pursue. They
throw me into co-operation wiih those to whom I
have generally been opposed; and they separate me
from those with whem I have usually acted. The
position is far from being agreeable; but it appears
to me, after the most careful examination, to be the
necessary consequence of those great principles
with which I began my political life, and expect to
end it. Probably, very few who hear me—not
one—agrees with me in the opinions I have ex-
pressed. What then? Are we to be the mere
reflectors of the opinions of others, or surrend? r our
principles because they are opposed? or, wh.it is
baser still, abandon them, in a spirit of mean ma-
ligrily, because our politieal opponents espouse
them? I know, sir, that I am but a man, and not
above the influences of party asscciation; and
amidst the fierce surges of parly contention, I shall
not be exempt from their spray. But, by deep re-
tirement and careful ^elf-examination, I trust I
shall never be swept off into the dark abyss of
party sub?ervienc\; and through whatever scenes
of s'rife and difficulty I am destined to pass, 1 shall
not be unrewarded and without consolation if I am
able to preserve untainted, if not unsuspected, my
political integrity.
REMARKS OF MR. SHEPARD,
Of North Carolina.
In the House of Repiesmtalives, December 18, 1839—
On the resolution subm ted by Mr. Wise, that
Messrs. Aycricg, Halsted, Maxwell, Strat-
toíí, and York, are not tntitled to be sowr'o as
meuibeis of the Hou e.
Mr. SHEPARD of North Carolina, obsirv-:d,
that this deba'e had be^n extendi d for two week-*,
and thoush he did n' t believe that he could throw
any lig'it on a 'ubject on which the best ta «its had
been employed in the course of tbe debate, \et ¿s
the couise which ho had tlii ught it his du y to take
had been somewhat difTeeat f om that exp.xted by
most g, nt'err.en, he deemed it but ¡us ice to bio self
to make abrief c plana! on of it. Whence assem-
b'edheie, said Mr. S. some weeks ag >, cer aio gen-
tl men fr m the Siae cf New Jersey appeared with
certificates, that they had been elected as Re¡ re-
i-er.tdtivf s from that Sia e, similar.to the one which
I possess; and on reerrin? to the laws of New
Jersey, I found that ihe Governor of that St.tte was
au'horized to receive from the ju 'ges of the elec-
tions the returns of all the v. tes gmn, to
count them up, and to give commissions to those
persons who received a majority of thr votes. Sir,
said Mr. S. these gentlemen who claim to bead-
