Dec. 1838.
APÍENBIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
26th Cong.......lsr Sess.
New Jersey Question—Mr. Holmes.
H. of Reps.
Speaker; but he stated further, that he had strong  ]
sispicion itattho e men had com* hr* through
a  fraud.   The   genteman   from South Caro'i.ia
himself had strong   suspicioi   that they  came
here through   a fraud, if he  had not  misur dor-
stood him on another occasion.   He thought in the
first place that they had the right to participate in
the election of a Speaker.     They however were
deprived of that right by the House, and they did
Hot vole for a Speaker.     Then, so far as the prin-
ciple was concerned, it was violated by prohibiting
them i rom voting in  the election of a Speaker;
and if they had at any time a right to participate
in the organization of the House, that right had
been trampled upon,   and it was   gone  forever.
Then,  aher   all   th.s   was   done,   was   it   not
the  proper   courss,   as   a   Speaker   had   been
elected who  would immediately appoint commit-
tees, to let  the whole  matter  be brought ap be-
fore a committee, and be examined, and properly
decided?    Latt week, the argument was, that we
musf give fanh and effect to the certificate, because
the House was not organized, because there was
no Speaker, no committee to examine, and collate
facts.    Now, sir, the case is d fferent.    You have
been eleeied by the gentleman and his friends, be-
cause of your justce and impartiality.   You can
inmediately appoint a committee, that will inves-
tigate the whole matter—that will bring to light the
dirk parts of this transaction, and do equal and
full justi«e to all.    Let the House take up the sub-
ject,   and decide   upon   the   whole   question of
right, now ihat these men have been, deprived of
taking seats in  the first instance.     Was  there
any inconsistency in his wishing to pursue this
course? Would the gentleman from South Carolina
desire to give men seats here who, upon examina-
ton, in a few days, it might be found, were not en-
titled to them?   This was his position, and these
were his views, expressed with all due  respect to
tha great legal talents of the gentleman from South
Carolina.
Sir, said Mr. S. the gentleman from South
Carolina, in the conclusion of his remarks,
had said that his relations with me were
not such as would permit him to speak of me
as he would of his honorable colleague. Al-
though, sir, I do not fear that gentleman's lance,
in any contest, 1 know that he is possessed of ta-
lents far superior to mine The gentleman seemed
toknrw that he K much my superior in age, in
learning, and m eloquence, but why did he net
think of ihis before he commenced his attack?
Why did he not attack his friend from South
Carolna, who had voted with me on all
these questions? That would have been
more consistent with the gentleman's vaunted
chivalry, which he is eternally talking about.
[Laughter.] But the gentleman further says, that
I had held that these men had a constitutional right
to participate in the organization of the House,
and contends that because they on?e had a consti-
tutional right, I act inconsistently in not sup-
porting their admission to seats at the present mo-
men'. In this matter, the gentleman himself is in
no enviable position. The gentleman came into
this House a Nullifier, opposed to a National
Bank and a high tariff; still we find him always
acting with that very party which goes for a Na-
tional Bank, for a high tariff, aid for all those
measures which he has deelared to be most odious
to him. If it is inconsistent in me to pursue the
course I have, is it not doubly inconsistent in the
gentleman to pursue the our e whbh he pursues?
I' 1 am inconsistent, he is still more so; and
how csn he justify himself to his constitu-
e it>? How ii it that he is smuggling to get
that pariy in power which woul 1 adopt all those
Federal measures wheh he himself pretends to be
ab^olut-ly opposed to?
In pursuing the course which I desire to pursue,
I do not see that any harm can be done to any
party, for I will be willing to postpone all the great
qu stions which this House has to act upon, until
the matter of this New Jersey election is finally de-
rided upon, which can be done in a short time, as
the House can proceed to it at once, and act upon
ilma legal and constitutional manner.
REMARKS OF MR   HOLMES,
Of South   Carolina,
Inlht House of Representatives, December 12, 1839—
The following resolution, offered by  Mr. Pics-
ens, being under consideration, viz:
"Resolved, That the commiitee to be raised on
the Npw Jersey election bV confined tó the qmst.on
who is en'uled to  'the nturns' of ¿lection for the
Twenty-sixth Congress."  '           /
Mr. HOLMES of South Carlina rose and ad-
dressed the House as follow*: /
I know not, Mr. Chairman how jou or other
gentlemen upon this floor iway feel, but I do con-
fess, for my own part, that when I consider how
many days have elapsed since we assembled in
this Hall; how ineffectual have been our move-
ments, save, like the fingers of that clock, to mark
oat the progress of time; how, in a crisis and at a
p r od when the eyes of a whole nation and the
hands of a suffering people are imploringly turned
towards us, we have been vacillating instead of
actinSjdebat'n  instead of org^mzing,runningagreat
circle and remaining still at rest—I feel that I
ccu'dbow d>wn my head in shawe, and, returning
to my constituent*, ask of them forgiveness
This question ha> been misstated throughout the
who'e ot this debate. It is thus propounded: "Are
not the gentlemen from New Jersey who have the
Governor's ceitificate members of Congress, and
are they not entitled to their seats by prima facie
evidence?" This, however, is not the question;
for no one doubts that the Governor's certificate,
under the laws of New Jersey, was the only evi-
dence in the first instance. The true question is:
Shall this House, with the election returns and the
Governor's certificate both before them, go into an
examination of their distinct evidences of title, and
decide upon their merit ? I contend not onl/ that
you mav, bat that you ought to investigate this
whole matter; tha! you are required so to do by
the fifth section of the first article of the Constitu-
tion, which requires you to judge of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of the members.
My first proposition is, that this House has the
materials before it; that here are the parties liti-
g int, and that we are bound to decide; that the
evidence before us consists of the appointment by
the voters, in the shape of election returns, and
also of the certificate of the Governor, professing
to be based upon those return"-; that the appoint
men', anil not the commission,crea'es the member;
a-d tiat, if the appointment was evidenced by any
public act other than the commission, such act will
give the r ght to the commission, or enable the
parties to perform their duties without it. Pro-
perly to test these propositions, we should cons-der
who we are—how constituted—the mode of pro-
ceeding heretofore adopted—and then take our de-
parture with the lights which experience throws
upon the pathway before us. Let me say that we
commenced in error, and that in error we pro-
gressed, until we organized this House by the se-
lection of a chairman from amonsst ourselves. It
is essential that every member should be convinced
of the error; for upon the proper organization of
the House must depend the legality of its pro-
ceedings.
Our first error was the attempt to invest t'ie
Clerk of the House with the attribu es of Speaker
or Chairman; and in the perseverance of th s
course for four diys we uselessly consumed that
exact amount of tine. Gentlemen an the other
side were confirmed in the continuance of this er-
ror by the very ingenious speech of the member
from New Yoik, [Mr. Barnahb,] whose effort, al-
though his first upon this floor, I trust will not be
his last, as it evinced much acumen, clearness in
stating his premises, and logical skill in ihe deduc-
tions. That member contended that, inasmuch as
the Clerk was elected by the last House of Repre-
sentatives, and that House had temiinated its exist-
ence on ihe 3d of March last; whiUt it was admit-
ted, both by the rules of the common law.generally
applicable to officers, and the particular rule re-
garding this functionary, that he did not cease to
exist when the life of the parent that gave him birth
had expired; therefore he (the Cleik) had a se-
parate   and   independent   existence;    was   an
officer of the Government, sworn to the per-
formance of his duty, and recognised as occupying
his proper place here, and, in the ao-^nce ifa
Speaker, invested with enlarged powers until tne
election of a Speaker. That, coniequen'ly, unJer
him we might progress to a proper organizition,
the Clerk putting questions to the House on any
matter which it was competent to entertain. Now,
to all this 1 answer that, although the Clerk did not
cease to be Clerk when the last Congress expired,
yet the fact of his living over invested him with no
new functio.i, and that the deduction from ^he pre-
mises in a complete "nonsequilur," his being sworn,
or his remaining Clerk during the recess, could
give him no new title, invest him with ni privi-
leges beyond those originally acquired by his elec-
tion as Cltrk. He was, when first appointed, and
is now, only an instrument of the H u3e, and is no
part of the House itself; his existence is the result
of the action of the House—a mere consequence—
and therefore cannot be a poition of the thin  crea-
ting him. The Cleik is no more a constituent por-
tion than the pen with which I write is a part of
my body. He surely had function-, to pxercise
"when the members of Congress first assembled; but
they were exactly those of the crier of a coun; his
duty was to call upon the parties to a-^emble, who
were essential to formorconstnutethe House, and,
when this was accomplished, he was functus officio,
and his successor was to be appointed. The error
in which the House suffered itself to fall was this:
that it proceeded to discuss the right of the New
Jersey members without any person being in the
Chair competent to put question , or to decide up-
on the mode of proceeding according to parlia-
mentary rules. This error, after many days—and
after many ineffectual efforts to proceed with the
work of organization—was admitted, and another
and pr>per mode was sug e--'ed : "that of
organ zing by the appointment of one from
amongst ourselves to preside over the delibera-
tions of the body " We are now generally ad-
mitted to be properly organized. This org inization,
however, is said, by the honorable msinber from
Vermont. [Mr. Slide:,] to result, not from any
law, but from necessity, in consequence of the
Clerk's refusing to put questions. The gentleman
is wrong. The Cierk had no right to put a ques-
tion; and the House is now organized upon the
only legitimate basis it could have been. The
question then recurs, is that organization perfect?
Por, if it be merely inchoate, as gentlemen contend,
then its acts are ot no validity. But if it be perfi ct,
it can forthwith proceed to pass upon the whole
case, examine the returns and qualifications, and
dec de upon the claims of the parties contending
before us for seats upon this floor. My proposition
is, that the organization is perfect, and I sustain it
thus: The body is constituted according to the law
of us creation, and that law is to be found in the
Constituiioi of the United State*, wh ch provides
that "the House of Representatives shall bá com-
posed of members chosen by the people of the • e-
veral States.-' The law of organizitun of the Se-
nate is distinct. It is composed of two Senators
from each State, and the Vies President of the
United States. Its organization, or composition,
requires something more than its own members.
The orean-zation of theHous  of Representatives is
complete, when made up of its own members.
What follows? Why, clearly this: that the "tf.s-
jecta membra" being brought together, and united
under a head, the body is complete—complete for
all the purposes of proper organization—capable of
examining into the several parts of which it is com-
posed—of comparing the relation and fitness of the
joints, and of compacting them into the best form,
for long and protracted exercue. When thus
properly adjusted, the whole body will be pre-
pared to run the career set before it—to legislate, to
appoint, to adjudicate. I admit tha , in its present
condition,itcannotpeiformajadicial function. The
gentleman from New York seems struck with the
frankness of this admissiou. But let me tell the gen-
tleman it involves no inconsistency, because we are
not called upon, in dec ding upon the claims oí ihe
gentlemen from New Jersey, to exercx-e any judi-
cal función. Let us inquire what is meant by
judicial iaocUon, and the exercise thereof?   I de-
