Dec. 18S9.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SI
26th Cong......1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sen. & H. of Reps.
t e Treasurer, to receive money for lands in ad-
rance at points mutually convergent ti the pur-
chaser and the Treasurer. But the greatest de-
fect in>-any former system, connected with this dis-
turbing subject, has always been of a different cha-
ractrr. It consists in a want of an absolute prohi-
bition to employ the public money for any private
purpose whatever, and in the want of severe penal-
ties to enforce such a prohibition, and ol other ade-
quate checks and guards, possessing a preventive
operation on hoih the minds and acts of officers,
sufficiently powerful to diminish defalcations.
This defect has exposed the Treasury to con-
stant losses, from the foundation of the Govern-
ment, and under all systems hithetto in use. It can
be effectually remedied by no official regulations,
as these have neither the extent, respect, nor force
of laws, but only by such new legislation, both
penal and prohibitory, as has been repeatedly re-
commended by this Department, and as experience
in most other countries has shown to be indispen-
sable to check pccnla'ions in the most effective
nanner.
The correctness of the statempnt as to the exis-
tence of these losses under all systems and all ad-
ministrations of them, which have prevailed since
the present form of Government went into opera-
tion, has been shown generally from official re-
cords in repons made to Congress within the last
two years, and they will appear more in detail in a
reply, soon to be presented, to a resolution of the
House of Representatives, calling for particulars
concerning defaults in "each administration," from
1789 to 1837.
- It is not proposed to enter here into minute par-
ticulars concerning the results as contained and ex-
hibited in that reply. But a few general state-
ments from them will throw light on the topic un-
der consideration.
Losses appear to have occurrei from defaults
among officers in every "administrati >n" or Presi-
dential term, from the formation of the present Go-
vernment. Thus, among disbursing officers, they
are found in every term since 1789; among col-
lecting officers in each since 1733; and among de-
posite officers, or banks, in all since 1817.
The largest amount of  loss from each class,
within  the period described, has been by depo-
si'e officers, consisting of banks, and including,
as the  resolution requires,   the depreciation  on
snch of their   notes as were   taken   for  public
does.   Toe loss by this class, at the lowest esti-
mate, has  exceeded six   millions and a half of
dollars;  and, adipting a  computation made by
a committee of the House of Repres ntativcs, in
1832, would equal thirty-five millions.   The next
largest amount of loss, as ascertained and com-
puted by the proper bureaus, has been by disbursing
officers, and has been a little under five millions.
And the least loss has been by collecting officers,
not much exceeding two millions.   The aggregate
of all these 1o?sm, taking the lowest estimate for
bank--, is about thirteen millions and a half.   If, in
conneciin with this subject, were considered the
losses in collecting the revenue by the non-payment
of bonds for duties, on which credit was given to
merchants, simething over seven and a half mil-
lions of dollars must be   added,  increasing  the
aggregate to more than twenty-one mi lions.   Tne
proportionate losses by trnse classes have been
thus: Those by the banks an J by the duty bonds
amount to mtre than two-thirds of the whole. The
losses, either by the banhs alone, or the merchants'
bon's alone, have been nearly as great a-* by both
disbursing and collecting officers united; ?nd either
k more than threefold as great as ty collectors an j
receivers, and several millions more than by thens,
not only from 1789 lo 1837, but from 1789 down to
the present moment.
The par.icular losses in each Presidential term
hsmg also desired by the resolution, they have
Been ascertained; and, as they furnish a nriking
solution <f s.meof the general causes of thos?
1« sses, the periods in which the largest and sorre of
the¡smallest ones happened among each class of
public agents may be usefully des-ignated here.
Amone the banks, the largest lo^s were from 1813
to 1817,.then consisting entirely of ('enreciattoh on
WU  taken, and n«t from 1831 to 1824, consisting
then cSieflv of deposites; while from 1829 to 1833,
and from 1833 to 1837, they were smaller than in
any period since 1813. Among disbursing officers,
looking to the amount dubursel, the largest losses
w.-re from 1821 to 1825, next from 1817 to 1821,
and next from 1809 to 1813; and they were smaller
from 1829 to 1833, and 1833 to 1837, than in any
other term whatever, except from 1789 to 1793.
The loss on each $100 from 1829 to 1833 was only
nineteen cents, and fiora 1833 to 1837 only twenty-
six cents; while in some previous terms it was as
high as two dollars and sixteen cents. In this class
the most numerous losses, compared with all in
office, were from 1817 to 1811, next from 1821 to
1825 and next from 1813 to 1817. The smallest
pnportion in this respect, except during the first
two terms under the Constitution, was from 1829
to 1833, and except those and the third term, the
next smallest wai from 1833 to 1837.
Among collecting officers, if looking to the
amounts collected, the largest lo*«es were from
1797 ti 1801, next from 1809 t < 1813. next from
1817  to 1821, and next from 1805 lo 1839. The
most numerous defaults, compared with the
whole number of that cla^s in office, were from
1809 to 1813, netl from 1805 to 18 9, next from
1821 to 1825, next from 1817 to 1821, and next
from 1825 to 1823. The ratio of them from 1829
•o 1833, and 1833 lo 1837, was not one-fomth as
large ss in some of the periods juU enunvnted.
Indeed it was less than in any previous terms from
the foundation of the Government, except four, and
the number of such defaul'ers was less than in any
Presidential term since 1804.
The accounts of the Post Office estab'Khment
being kept separately, and its officers acting in the
capacities both of collecting and disbursing, are not
included in the abovp results, but will be given ia
the special report in distinct tables.
On a careful review of these data it must be
obvious, that in the ab=enc: of any ppnal pr->bil i-
tion to uve the public money for private purposes,
snl of o her adequate securities against miscon-
duct, the increased losses during some of the terms
mentioned must have happened moie from tbe
strorg temptations lo misuse the money, combined
with jthe calamities incident to war, extraordinary
expansions and contractions in the currency, and
great speculations and convulsions in trade, than
from any peculiar rapacity among those then in
public trust, or any special neglect on the part of
those who were then either accounting r fficers, or
possessed of the power to appoint and remove un-
faithful agents.
Tbu=s, in 1P31, 1832, and 1833, prosperous but
not speculating years, in the interior scarcely a
single locs is supposed to have happened among
receivers, though some were then reported for suit
on previous defaults; and the same may be said of
collectors then, end in 1835, prosperous but not
speculating years on the seaboard. But, in more
calamitous periods of trade, like 1*97 and 1798,
1808 to 1813, 1818 to 1821, and 1837, sometimes
succeeding other1; of rash sppcu'ation, the default*
mu'tiplied among collectors, as well as d:sbursirg
agents.   So, in similar periods in the interior, like
1818  to 1821, and 1836 an<U837, they increased
among the recovers and the hanks much in a ratio
WHh the inordinate thirst for hazardous invest-
ments, and the overwhelming disasters %vhich en-
sue 1 from them and o/erissues of paper money.
Another very strong illustration of ihis is to be
found in the periods of ihe great st losses on mer-
chant-'bond«, compared with the whole amount
of du'ies collected The*e losses were the highest,
from 1825 to 1829, of any term since the com-
mencement of the Government, doubtless in a
great measure growing out of the excessive me r-
ean'ilc speculations ani failure* of that period; and
the next largest were from 182110 1825, resnl ing
probably from like causes; while from 1829 to
1833, a peñol of comparative r galsriyin trade,
the loss wrs smaller than in any other urn since
1809, and less then even from 1793 to 1797, and
1797 to 1801.
On tve o Ver  'opic, as  n  tl;e feistbi'i'j  and
u'il y ot íd'iionalcl ei-ks and penalties pga'n-t
defa citiops, the illustrations'efe-red to, ?s d'awn
I from examples abroad, are thete: Out if twenty
¡■even Governments, in respect to wh ch accurate
¡•tt-men's have been obtained, pnd which include
almost tveiy important civlized country in the
world, twenty-six seem to prohibit any private use
of the publ.c money, either by collecting or dis-
bursing agems. Iu six cabes only do the depoíi e
agents «ipear t> be allowed tie u^e of public
funis, and that is only when those agenN a e
banks, and the money is placel with them in gene-
ral deposite. In a great majority of these Govern-
ments, ihe employment of public funds for private
purposes by any rg?nts whatever, is not only pro-
hibí el, but punished by s-vere penaltes, such as
impugnment or the galleys, the peni'entiaty, and
in some instances death. More m;nu;c checks
and guards also are introduced in most of them,
and less is left to discretion or regulation, even in
monaichies, than here.
That course of making full and e*p!i it statutory
provi ions o"\ all these important points, and duly
te tiicting Executive disceti n, so liable to degene-
rate into tyranny, has before been repeated y uig^d
by the undersigned, f.cm a regard as we'l 10 cor-
re t political principle as to an increase of tVe
pubic security, and a dimit.ut on of the difficuliie?
and íespens bilities he has of lae year'? teen com-
pelled to pass through, in a period of such imn er.ss
collections ard d'sbur em^nts, accoropan:ed by so
severe teva'sions in commerce, and such harassing
bank suspensions.
Dwe'lin? no 'onge-' now on th's topic, he is con-
vinced, not only that the measure for increaie1 se-
curty in the collection and dU-bursenvnt of the
public money, but all the othpr provisions heretofore
recommended, in the establishment of an Indepen-
dent Treasury, for keeping and transferring it,
shou'd te early adopte I. Promin^nty anion* these
la-t, is tve «eparat on between the banks and the
rrnc'pal fi cal operat ons of ihi Gov rnmrnt.
That would te 1 kely to prolucc rcany advantage",
wh ch have been explained so fully on fornner oc-
casions that on'y a few of them need here te ad-
verted to, and this very tr efiy. It would render a
bankiuptcy of the Treasury impossible, by a wie'e
if not general suspension of specie payment . To
the loss, vexat on ani disc red tof tiis, the Govern-
ment has already been «r.ore than once subj cted,
and a Un led States Ban1/, judg r\% from expenem e
abroad and analogy at home, wild form no more
effectual gu rantee against it, tlnn Sute tanks
durng per oís of extraorJ/mry convulsions m
trade, if a 'min;stered under the present imperfect
system of banking; or, in other word--, un 'er s mi-
lar defect ve charters, and o-casiomliy simi-
lar fa'se bank'ns pr nciplcs. Such a separat on
would releve both the banks an! the Government
from any further exp< sure to mutual impo tumtie?,
embarrassments and crinvnations. Both, and
douut'ess benefic'ally to both, wou'd le left more
to the r own resources ani less to c"e, endence on
each other's fa\ or, whether instigated by cupidty
on the one hand or po'it cal amh't on on the other.
Instead of increas ne, it would dim nish, Executive
power; for the latter wou d ! e str.pped of all bank
intkenee,  nd be al'owcd in i s s'ead neither the ue
ror possess on of the public money, except unler
aeents not ¡ e'ecte 1 by itself alone, as n case of
the banks; litt e ;ncrea-eJ in numter, guarded
by additional securities, and firbd<'en by the se-
vered pena'ties to use a t'olUr orit for «ny private
purpose. It would tend to check improvident pa-
per issues, that in some degree dit rie rue the ex-
changeable value of specie itself as well as of pa-
per, and it would s-cure the best po-$ib'e currency
in the present state of the Cons itut.on and laws.
In fi' e, it would remove all induce tients to hoard
what could not be usei for pr fi-, to delay payment
of what could not b3 < fterwise employed, to aug-
ment taxes or tariffs for deposites that can yield no
emoluments, an! to indnlgc in reproaches or s«ff«jr
s onsdili y of tie depositary in-tead  of h* gain.,
and wouH theref. ra be gladly r > eiJ  n" ^ ,A
Cn&twn of baking « ;«««r"$X &«
kind ofmontv rectlmb'.e for pullit ¿ties.
The condition of the bank ! I«t «U *« g«e.
faUyift \* üni«4 State  i< $**F « «?j « °f *mS
