32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Dec. 18á9.
26th Cong««.1st Skss.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Sen, & H. of Reps.
financial interest. But it now possesses less with
the General Government than it did when the con-
nection between ihem was more int mate and ex-
tensive.
It is regretted that space remains on this occasion
for but little more, concerning their condition, than
a reference to the special report which will soon be
submitted from the last au'hent c returns that can
be obtained.
In tae mean time, however, it may be inferred
from returns not very en tensive, and fiom some
general data, that since the first of January last the
circulation of those banks no w paying specie has pro-
bably, on an average, been cut tailed quite one-third,
or between sixteen and twenty millions; that the cir-
cularon of most of the others had not been in-
crea?el at the time of their late suspen-
sion: that the aggregate amount of specie in
a'l of them is not reduced more than than
eight or ten millions; and that, since the fall in
fore gi exchange, these institutions, with a few
exceptions, emanating in gross departures from
correct bankirg principles, by embarkirg in trade
and by making la- ge investments and long loans,
of en not to business men, nor for common busi-
ness purposes, are as able as ever to sustain specie
payments, provided they felt disposed 10 exercise
th;ir former forbearance and indulgences towards
each o her, and the community towards ihem. It
is a source of much satifaction to add that the re-
cent suspension has caused far less embarrassment,
delay, and probable loss to the Treasury, whether
by deposites in banks or the possef s on of their
na'es, than have occurred heretofore on similar
occasions.
Two reasons exist for this. The banks have of
la'e been employed and their notes taken to a less
etient than was before customary, and thesuspen-
s 01 s among them have been less general, by not
reaching, it is computed, over onc-tbird of the
who'e number in the Um'ed States, though includ-
ing, perhaps, more than half of the whole banking
capital. Of those suspending, fortunately only
three of four held any considerable amounts of
public money deposited with them since 1837, and
they, as well as the test now in public employ,
have made commendable exertions to meet with
fidelity their engagements to the Treasury.
The admonitions, however, which the late sus-
pension I a* given in respect to the importance of
some new legal provisions connected with the
keeping of the public money, have not been slight,
and have already been sufRjiently noticed
They appear to be equally strong in favor of
s^rne new legislation or additional regulations as to
the kind of currency which shculd be received for
public dues.
In relation to this last point the Constitution and
laws are now explicit enough concerning what
constitutes money.
But the practices under them, in reaeiving other
things than gold and silver as money, or rather as
a currency and substitute for money, havecontinued
so 'ong and been at times so loose as to create
much danger and difficulty. The views of the De-
partment on all portions of this subject were so
fully explained to Congress on previous occa-
sions, and more particularly in September, 1837,
as to render it unnecessary to repeat them here.
But some illustrations and confirmations of those
views, contained in the transactions of the present
year, are new, and are as follows:
In sundry instances banks, as well as individuals,
holding the Tieisurer's drafts, have insisted on
specie in payment, and refused to accept the cur-
rent notes of specie paying banks.
This they had an undoubted right to do, and
thus the idea has been strongly corroborated, that,
however much both public and fiscal convenience
may be promoted by the use of a paper currency,
for either large" or distant payments, yet the re-
ceipt of any thing short of specie, or the notes not
only of specie paying banks, but such as are con-
vertible into specie on the spot, and at par, can
never effectually protect the public credit. The
practical importance of this question under our pre-
sent system will be the more obvious when it is
understood that near twenty millions of the twenty-
five expended this year? for ordinary purports,
have been, or will be paid by drafts drawn di-
rec ly on collectors and receivers, and must there-
fore be met, not "mly by them, but in specie or its
equivalent. It seetrs impossible, also, that even
tual embarrassment and occasional losses by bank
faiures and suspensions should be obviated, if
any thing but specie is long kept on hand by public
agents of any description. Nor can any system
operate as a check on overissues by banks, restrain
the tendency to gambling speculations, and aid
gradually in improving the currency of the coun-
try, as well as preserve in purity the true constitu-
tional standard of value, unless the notes received
are speedily paid over for public debts, when ac-
ceptable to creditors, and, at brief intervals, any of
them left on hand are returned fur specie to the
institutions that issued them.
It appears that the effect which such a course
would produce in the currency at large, by perma-
nently withdrawing specie either from banks or
from circulation, would, in ordinary times, be
much less than many persons have apprehended.
In ihe collection and payment of the above twenty
millions by collectors and receivers the whole
amount on hand with all of them, at any one
time, has seldom exceeded one million and a half.
At New York city, where nearly two-thirds of the
cus oms of the whole Union are collected, and
where the gross receipt  th's year will exceed fif-
teen millions of dollars, the amount on hand at
any one time has not averaged half a million cf
dollars.
As an illustration of the system of drawing for
this money speedily, it may be added, that the
amount left at the close of each w ek, subject to
drafts, has seldom equalled one-twentieth of a
million.
At the recent suspension of specie payments,
mo>t of the funds in the custom-houses were com-
posed of bank notes; but neatly half of those in the
land omces consisted of spec e. Though the notes
on hand Were issued by banks paying specie, and
in good credit at the time ihey wee taken, jet even
a pait of them, suddenly becoming irredeemable,
has caused some inconvenience, several protests,
and a few injurious delajs, with both receiver* and
collectors. At the former suspension, as specie was
the only currency then allowed to be taken by re-
ceivers, most of the*e difficulties were obviated
with them, and were confined chiefly to the depo-
si e batiks, and large collectors. The great amount
of specie wh ch the receivers then poss ssed, contri-
buted much, al o, to the general relief of the Trea-
suiy, and especially furnished mo t oppoituie
means for making legal, as well as sat ^factory
payments of the heavy Indian annul íes, scon aittr-
waids falling dee in the Wes*.
Some considera ions we e intend d to be next
presented on ihe permanent de fie enry apprehended
as likely to happen in the revenue a'ter 1841, under
the operation of ihe present tariff. But the leng h
to which this communication has already exten jed,
and ihe doubt whether Congress may deem it ad-
vi-able to leg slate so long beforehand in ant cipa-
ticn of an event wlvch poss blv, but not probably,
may bi avoided, have indued the Department to
postpone, for the present, any pa t colar remarks
on a topic involving considerations of so difficult
and ag tatirg a character.
Miscellanems.
Some of the leading changes winch this Depart-
ment, during the last five yeirs, has thru^ht proper
to urge ps material in c nnection wi h the firunces
may, before closirg, be summarily and peihaps
usefully endensrd, and presentid together to the
consideration of Congr ss.
They are as follows:
A new organization of the Treasury Department
in such respects at to ensure a more appropriate
division of labor, astiic'er accountability, and a
c'oser supervision over the collection of the reve-
nue by officers exclusively devoted to it.
An increase of the checks and securities against
defaults in all officers, whether collecting, keeping,
or disbursing public money, and more especially by
prohibiting its use for private purposes under se-
vere penalties.
Some provident fond, to be formed when any
occasional and accidental surplus happens to be in
the Treasury, (but never designedly raising one by
taxation,) which shall be employed to meet contin-
gencies and fluctua'ions instead of our being com-
pelled frequently to resort to loans or increased
taxes, and, in the absence of such a lund, a perma-
nent authority to be given foi the procurement of
means, when needed, une'er unexpected defi-
ciencies.
A reduction in the ordinary expenditures, so as
for several years not to exceed seventeen or eighteen
millions of dollars annually, unless, when the reve-
nue ¡> abundant, the great national works, which
it is intended to comple'e in any event, should be
hastened more, and, when the revenue is smaller,
be proportionably retarded.
The passage of occas onal pre-emption and gra-
duation laws as to the public lands, under judicious
limitation's concerning the quantity sold in any one
case, and for the prevention of frauds and par-
tial it es.
To reduce the tariff, whenever the amount cf
revenue jus'ifies the measure; and alway  regula'e
its provisions vu h a paramount regard to finance,
di c mraging arue'es of luxury, and encouraging
useful and ntce-. ary ones ouly as incidental ob-
jects in taiifflegis'aiion.
In connection with this policy of protecting free-
dom of tradj, to resist monrp lies and exclusive
privi'eges, whether m -binking or commerce.
The exclusion of small bank notes frt m circula-
t on, so as to enlarge the quantity of specie within
the country; increase the use of it, and especially
of gold, for common purposes, and thus protect
as well the banks agiinst runs or panics, as the
laboring cías es from losses and depreciations inci-
dent to every paper currency, 1 ke ours, not founded
on a specie basis as broad as the paper itself. And
finally, ihe rapid extinguishment of any national
debt, and the creation of no new one of a perma-
nent desTipticn m peace.
A prominent feature in the policy which has
thus been recommended as to our fiscal affairs, has
been to leave to State legislation all matters of
doubtful jurisdiction, as well as all clearly of a do-
mestic and State chancer, whether connected with
the revenue or the currency, the exchanges and
commerce, or some other exciting interests of the
country U ss intermingled with the immediate busi-
ness of this Department. The undersigned takes
pleasure in acknowledging that several of (hose
enumerated mea«ures did not originate wi'h him;
yet they have all received his earnest official sap-
port, and he is gratified that steps have already
been taken by Congress, insuring, m part, the sac-
cess of some of tbem.
The rest, as w ell as 'hose, are again respectful'y
commence 1 to favorable consideration, hoping that
the scretny of longer discussion and reflection
may have satisfied its members that the full adop-
tion of them all wou'd pro.note the durable pros-
peri'y of the finances, and at the same time oe in
harmony with the Constitution, and favorable to
most of the great interests of the country.
In respect to several r mamiag matter ¡connejlel
with the finances and the duties devolved on this
Department, ins proposed to postpone the conside-
ration of most of them to spec al reports to Con-
gress, and repárate communications to suitable
comm ttees.
Among the latter is a mass of ques'ions, chiefly
connected with the public lands and the custom-
house establishment. Among the former are the
state of the light houses; ihe progress in the
interesting survey of ihe coas'; the manu-
facture of weights and measures; the con-
dition of the Mint and its branches; the situa-
tion of cur trade with the Bnt'sh provinces
and West Indies; the disposition made of our de-
pos tes with the several States; and various other
lubiects of minor importance.
In a tote annexed are explained briefly a few to-
pics st 11 different, and some of them more urgent
in their character, such as the exclusive employ-
ment of one of the present Comptrollers as a com-
missioner of the customs; a revision of the number
and compensation of officers in the customs, and
especially their pay during the part year; the re-
quirement of official security from district attoa-
neys; a change in the commencement of the fiscal
