Bee. 1839.
APPENDIX tfO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLO&E.
2?
£6th Cong.......1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Sen. & H. of Rep9.
las since r  turned, and is now des iaed for a crjise
on the coast of Africa.
Subsequently to the withdrawal of these vessels
from the West India station, a third sloop of war,
requiring extensive repai s, was ordered to the
North, and has arrived at Norfolk. The squadfon
bow comprises a frigate and four sloops of war,
which nny bs increased should circumstances
indicate ihe propr.ety of such a measure.
The force employed in the Indian and China
seis consists of the frigate Columbia, and corvette
John Adam?, under Commodore Read, who arrived
at Macao the 28th of April last, and continued
there, by the last accounts, at the earnest solicita-
tions of the American consul and ciiizens resident
at Canton, who considered themselves in a some-
what critical position, in consequence of the deci-
sive measures taken by the Chinese Government
for the suppression of the illicit trade in opium car-
ried on by English residents at that place. These
apprehensions were, however, subsiding, and it is
presumed that Commodore Read has long since
proceeded in fulfilling his general instructions.
While at Columbo, having received information
that a daring act of piracy, accompanied by the
murder of two American citizen?, had been recently
committed by the inhabitants of Muckie, in the
island of Sumatra, Commodore Read, acting under
his general instructions, promptly proceeded to the
tceae of outrage. Here having vainly sought re-
dress by the restoration of the plundered property
and the surrenderor of the murderets, he inflicted a
severe and meiited chastisement on the barba-
rians.
The South Sea Exploring Expedition left the
island of Madeira on the 26th of September, 1S38,
and arrived at Rio Janeiro on the 23d of Novem-
ber following. After replenishing his stores, and
refreshing his crews, Lieutenant W.lkes then pro-
ceeded, in the execution of h's instructions, to sur-
vey the mouth of Rio Negro and its neighboring
coasts. Thence he proceeded to Terra del Fue¡<o,
where, leaving a portion of the squadron and scien-
tific corps to prosecute their researches, he stretched
¡n:o the Southern ocean, bel wee a the 105 degree
of west longitude on the western coast of Pal-
mer's land; returning, he joined the vessels left
at Terra del Fuego, and arrived at Valparaiso on
the 15ih of May, 1839. During the passage, the
squadron separated in a severe gale, and did not
join company till the 25th of March.
A portion of the squadron penetrated to the 70th
degree of South latitude, where it encountered vast
masses of ice, and* narrowly escaped being frozen
op. Lieutenant Wilkes became satisfied that,
owing to the lateness of the season, it was impos-
sible to make any further progress, and the under-
taking was relinquished with the intention of re-
suming it at a more favorable time of the year.
The expedition, w th the exception of the Sea
Qoll, which separated in a gale, arrived at Valpa-
raiso on the 15th of May last; left that port for
Callao the 6th of June, and suled thence for the
Sandwich island*, since which time no despatches
have been received from the comman Un  ofiher.
Thai far the expedition has not b«en without be-
nefit to commerce, having ascertained beyond all
reasonable doubt, that various sh< als and obssruc-
tions la>d down in charts have no existence.
The officers, whether employed in professional
duties or scientific pursui s, are s'ated by Lieuten-
ant Wilkes lobe ardent and iidefatigable in their
exertions; and there is reasan to believe, that if no
new discoveries are made of unknown lands or
is'ands, it will be because none exist in that re-
Em of the globs.
Thegteira frigate Fulton has been employed
?U"DS *« P t season under Captain Perry, who
is charged, with their superintendence, in prosecut-
ing vanons experiments with Paixhan guns, a cr-
TW*■v.\ Iepon of *h"5h 's daily expected.
anere is little reason to doubt tint the results will
be lugbl, interesting and important.
wrLÜ,mySJdirec,edbva«s of Congress have
Íf!LPtr^fd,Í0Ltheextent«f t e means placed
at the disposal of the Department. Under the act
of  the 3d of March. 1837. th- iTnii«l States
, loan-
1837, the United
•ehooner atperiment, and ..earner Engineer
•d by the War Department, hive been em;
ployed
under the direction of Lieutenart Glynn in survey-
ing the harb.irs of Beaufort and Wilmington,
North Carolina. These surveys have been com-
peted, and will be laid before Congress at the pre-
sent session.
The United States brig Consort is now fitingout
under Lieutenant Glynn for the purpose  of com-
p'e ing other surveys, directed by  the same  act,
which   we;e  relinquished in  consequence of the
sickness of his officers.      It is confidently ant c't-
pated that the whole will be completed and a re-
port made to Congress previous to its adjournment.
In compliance with the provisions of the second
section of the act makin; appropriations for the
naval s*rvice of the year 1831), two steam frigates
have been commence i, one at New York, the other
at Philadelph.a.     The engines and betters have
been contracted  for, and are now in prog'es*.
These two vesie's will be built on the same model,
one to be propelled by veit;cil, Ihe other by en-
gines on an inclined p'ane of the same power, with
a view to te-t their respective advantages and di?-
advaitígfs, there being a great divers ty of opinion
on this question amone practical engine rs.    The
th rd steam frigate authorized by t>e act «foresaid,
! has not yet been put on the stacks, it being in con-
I* templation to adopt a model presen'ed by a distin-
guished officer of the navy to be pr pelled by a dif-
ferent description of machinery.
By your direction, the schooner Grampus, under
Lieutenant Paine, sailed from Norfolk in Septem-
ber last, for the coast of Newfoundland, with in-
structions to inquire into the nature and causes of
the seizure and condemnation of certain American
vesse's engased in the fisheries. Lieut. Paire hf s
returned, after perform'ng this duty in a satisfac-
tory manner, and reputed the result of his cru;se.
Thefieqoent and increasing violations of the
laws for the suppre sion of the slave trade on the
coast of y^ficn, by vessels owned by f^reiiners,
but pros'ituting the flag of the United States to
their nefarious purposes, induced you to direct that
two fast suiting ve seis, of the smaller class, should
be fit cd out, for the purpose of arresting these no-
lat ons of our laws and of the rights of the people of
Africa. One will probably have sailed before this
report is received, and the other is only waiting
the completion of some necessary repairs to follow
with all practicable despatch.
Jfavy pension fund.—The number of invalid pen-
sioners is 456, and the sum annually required to
pay them is ¿38,844 74. The number of widow
pensioners is 330, and the annual amount of their
pensions is $62,064. The number of nvnor chil-
dren pensioners i< 115, and the amount of the r
pensions is $14,314-, making an aggregate of 901
pensioners, and $110,122 74.
The amount ot stocks to the ere lit of the Navy
pension fund, l>t of Oct. 1839, was $390,832 25
On the 1st of October, 1839,                 231,139 00
DiftVence    -                                   $137,693 25
Wh'chsnm wrs applied to the payment of pen-
sions granted by acts of C'irgr ss, and a-couti's
reported by the Fourth Aulitor aid S.cond Comp-
troller.
About $55,000 will be required to pay pen-wrs,
which will become due the 1st of January, 1840,
and t > meet arrearages as the? may be reported.
The whole amount of the furid bavmg hert to-
fore been invrs'ed in bank, Stsf, a*d corporation
s ocks, which are now greatly depr<-c:at"d, the mm
abive state 1 cannot prrbably be realized by t'e
sile of le*s than $80,000 it §90,000 of s'ocVs. In
the hope that they may iniom? degree recover from
this s ate of depies-ion, and onwi.ling to make ío
great a sacrifice, I would suggest that the subject
be brousht to the early at entoh of Consre s.
On the 3d of Mar.h, 1837, the capital of the na-
vy pension fund was $1,115,329 53; an I pr<-
vious'y to the act of Congress of that d tie "f r tie
more equitable admin stra'ion of the navy penslm
fund," the annual interest and dividends were suf-
ficient to defriy all the expenditures. Under this
act the navy pension fund has dec eased with in-
creasing celerity, a large portion of the p-nsions
granted in conformity with its provisions involving
arrearages commencing many y«ars anterior to its
paisage.
The pen-ions to inva'ids now on the list are for
life, and not during ihe continuance of disability,
as was the cas? before ihe passage of the act of the
14th of July, 1832; those to widows until they shall
mairyordie; and those to children un il they at-
tain the age of twenty-one yea>s. It Is there-
fore certain that at the end of two years,
at farthest, the navy pension fund will be ex-
haust d. Under the existing laws there is not
the least pn-spect of any decrease in the numbsr of
pensioners or the amount of their p«nsions; and,
consequent y, Congress will be called upon to re-
deem >he pledge contained in the nin h section of the
a-tof 23d April, 1800, to make good any defie'ency
in the navy pension fund arising out of its own le-
gislaron.
Tee first secion of the act of 3d March, 1837,
provides that pensions to widows or chi'dren shall
be piid from the da'e of the demi e of the husbands
or fathers. The only condition is, that the demise
shall have happene.1 in the naval service. No
distinction whatever is mide in regard to ihe cau-e
of manner of death, or the per cd of service of the
deceased; all are placed on the same footing, and
all alike partake of the national bounty.
Arreatges of pensions for more than thirty-seven
years, in one ins anee involving the payment of
more than $29,000, have been paid under this sec-
tion, which has mainly caus;d the r pid diminution
of a fund originally constituted for the sole purpose
of providing for officers and seamen only, disabled
in the nival service.
A claim has been presented on account of an in-
dividual who d ei in 1800, about a mon'h after hi 
entry into the service, and if allowed, a large sum
will be required to pay it. But not being certain
that this first section was intended to anther ze such
profuse expenditure of the navy pension fund, I
have su'pend d the paymen', and now refer the
claim for the derision of Congress.
Th1? second section of the same act provides that
"pensions «hich may have been granted, or which
shall hereafter be granted to officers, seam«n, and
marines, in the naval service, disabled by wound*
or injuries received in the line of their duty, sh 11
commence from the time when they were dis-
abled." It h, s be?n found impossible to dis< rimi-
nate, with any degree of aeeutacy, in cases ocsor
ring at such remote periods, as to the precise time
at which the disability commenced, and the date of
the wound or injury has necessarily been assumed,
as that of the commencement of the pension,
although, in many cases, thee were strong circum-
starce¿ indicating that the disability did not occur
umil long afterward. It may ako be remarked
that under this section of the act of 3 J of March,
1837, in connection with the 8;h secion of the act
of 23d April, 1800, parsons wounded, or otierwse
i- jured, thirty or thirty-five years ago, may re e.ve
pensions, commencin; from ths time when the in'
juries were sustained, although they have remained
in the serv;ce ever ¡sine?, in the enjoyment of fa I
pty.anl must continue to do so until Congress-shall'
otherwise dnect.                                                 *
Under the liberal construe ion given to the navy
peri'ioi laws of the United Stne<, it has been here>
t ifote assumed tint full pensions and full pay rarjr1
be allowed at one and the same time, to the same
persons; and some imes it has not been cons dered
nece?saiy, orevendiscret on^ry, in executing these
laws, to exclude persons and c ed wi h dNca'-et an 1
irfirmitifs, to whkh mankind are ^objected in
every situation, ar<d unr'er all circumstances of
life. It is at all t me? difficult to discriminate be-
tw«en disabil.fe* occasioned by hereditary or con-
stitutional predisposition to disease, and tho*e that
are the direct and i-nmediite consequence <f the
peculiar exprsures ir.ciden'al to the naval service.
A similar difficulty occurs in case;of duabilit e«,'
occasioned oraggravatedby halis of intemp r*n e
and di'spa'ion. Yet all t eseseaa equa,iyct.m!-re-
hended in the various provisions of the pens'on law ;
and nn matter what may have been the t*™0'***'
vice, whet ler ye.-.r , month?, or days, all claim «
>ha.e of the navy pension fond dnnng l.i>. uader a
liberal construction «f .he sutu-e;. J"^'^*
these laws declare «hat the pre «!£*""*£:
tory to the head of the Depar.me, . Y?^™ "■*
satisfy one man, may  ot operate   ¡to «Mn«T
