mi                                     i
fGni Co  . .1«tSms.
At- l>fc!*Í>lX tO «THIS CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Report qftúe Poalmaafer General.
________Pee. 18S&
'en. & H. of Reps.
m another differently constituted; and hence has
arisen much diversity of pracice under the admi-
nistration of different prions.
Accompanying ibis report is & -document
exhibiting a statement and analysts of the
various pub] c acts of Congress, in relation to navy
pensions and the navy pens on fund. The multi-
plication of these laws', and the various cons'ruc-
tions placed upen them at different times, seem to
indicate, the propiiety of adopting a less compli-
cated system. I would alio take the occasion to
state, that whatever disposition may be made of
the subject, it has become necessary to relieve the
head of the Depai tmint from the labor and respon-
sibility of this pott on of his duties.
Almost every app'ication for a pension involves
<k* necessity of a «lose and critical examination of
testimony, together with a reference to various
laws, and the time required to do this as it ought to
be done, materially interferes with ether and indis-
pensable evocations.
The act of 3d of March, 1837, on which I have
thought it my duty to offer these remarks, has
been the principal source of the decline of the
navy pension fund. Under Us operation, that fund
has sunk, in little more than two years, frvm
#1,115,329 53, to |353,139; and, as I have before
stated, about $55,000 will be requi ei to meet de-
mands, which will become due on the 1st of
January, 1840.
I again take occasion to invite yonr attention to
the appropriation for a dry dock at New York.
The  um of #100,000, as>iga«d in the year 1835
«e ih >t object, having, with the eicept on of a small
•mount for surveys, been no part of it expended, in
conequence of difficulties in the selection of a site,
has reverted to the Treasury. 1 earnestly recoma
mend its reappropiiadoa.
, The dfcove y ot a new and more capacious en-
trance into the baibor by Lieutenant Gedoey,
which, if ever known, had been Ionic s nee forgot-
ten, has removed the only plausible objection
hitherto urged against the expediency of a measure
which appears to be recommended by so many en
siderations,
Tae-ceatral position of this portrthe facilities re-
suiting from its two «nuance  and outlets, at m. great
datu.ee from each oher, and ihe ample means «he
city affords far lepairing, manning, and supplying
vessels of war,all point it out as a siañon deserving
peculiar attention. As an add-t'onal lesson, it is
proper io state that two ships of tie lioe are now
lying at the navy yard in a state of rapid decay,
which cannot be repaired without going into dock,
and cannot be removed without almost, a certainty
of tota) los.*. A very few yews will place them
beyond the retch of recovery, and they must be
either broken up, or sink where they njw are.
_ I deem, it proper, also, t > bring to your notice an
abuse of great importance to the inter sts of the
service. Numerous instances occur of the enlist-
ment of minors; and it u obviously impossib'e to
d ¿criminate between tborewho are, and those who
are not, of legal age.
. After receiving tbe a 1 vanee of pay, and becom-
ing, perhsp, indebted to tbe parser in addition,
they apply to a lawjer or magistrate^ procure a
•ota* cprptu^and obtain |heir release without any
legal obligation to pay the debt thus contracted.
The instructions to-recruiting officers authorize
them to can^e an caih to be. administered in cases
of doubt; but it has teen decided that its violation
does not*nbj'Ct the. offender to legal punishment.
Cases analajous to these frequently recur in the
enlistment of apprentices authorized by act of
Congress They are occasionally presented by
persons clairrá. g to beJhejr parents or guardians,
andrectiied accordingly. After remaining until
tsey aie sufficiently educated, and capable of being
useful to their real parents, the latter come for-
ward, prove the whuie ca*e a fraud, .procure ,a
hAem corpus, end release the apprentice after be
has been maintained and educated at the public ex-
pense,
I.would, (herefpre, resfectfully recommend the
presenting boys as apprentices to the navy, the
violation of which should be declared a perjury,
and subject the ofiender to legal prosecution and
punishment.
Should this sy-tem of apprentices'^ be carried
to the ex ent of which it is suscepiib'e, I look for-
ward to it as a source of great and lasting benefit
to the navy. There is every reasonable prospect
of its becoming a nursery for tbe supply of pet y
officers, one ot the most important constituents in
theseivice, nor. can I doubt but that it may be
made the means of supplying a large number of
capable, intelligent seamen, more strongly attached
to their country by the benefit* she has confer.el
on them.
The result, thus far, has been highly encouraging.
A spirit of excitement and emulation prevails
among these boys; iheir conduct, with rare excep-
tions, is comet and exemplary; examples of profli-
gacy and cases of desertion seldom occur; com-
manders of vessels of war are, without exception,
anxious to have at least one tjnth of their crew s
composed of them; and the reporis from receiving
ships give uniform test mony to their general de-
portment, their babi s of order and industry, and
their capacity for the acquisition of tho=e branches
of learning, and that prac ical knowledge of their
profession, which fit them for future us fulness.
I have endeavored to call (he attention of magis-
tra'es, parents, and guardians, to the means af-
forded by this sjs'em, of providing for that large
c'ass of unfortunate children which has become s >
numerous, most cspst ially in our large ci i- s, and
which h w.thout the means or the prospect of ft
cotnfoitable main enanre, or of acquitirg even the
rudiments of education. If, instead of permitting
i hem to live in idleness, ex pesad to every 'empta-
iim, anl plumi g p ematutely ints every vice,
they were apprenticed to their coun'ry, ll.ey would
receive soch an education as benefit* their sta'ion,
and acquire those habits or sobriety, honesty,or ler,
and industry, which would go far to rander those
who are so apt to become the bane of society, effi-
cient supporters of the honor and interests of their
country. •.
Under the act of Congress which direcel a re-
vision and extenúen of ibe rules and regulations
of the service, approved 19th May, 1833, a board
of navnl officers was convened by ihe Department,
and their proceedings communicated to rCon-
gress. No action, however, was taken by that body,
in consfqu«nce, and a<i by the provisions of the
law, those regulations were not to be carried into
effect until they had received its sanction, they have
remained ever since a dead letter, never having
been promulgated.
Be'ieving, however, that a revision of the old
regulations, with a view to their adaptat on to laws
subsequently passed, and for the purpose of taking
advantage of the results of experience, would
conduce to tbego^d of the seivi e,the Department
has uirfc ed the Board of Navy Commwsioser?,
upder the authority of the act by which if was
constituted, to att;nd to that duty. The board is
now ergjged in iu peiformar.ee, it sn,m intervol*
of leisure as ihs raultiolic:ty of its other labors
will pemvt. Tnis revised system will prcbably be
laid before Congress before the expiration of thrir
present session, and it is believed iha*¿w thsoma
modification of the law "Cat ibe better govetn-
mentof the navy,,' passed in the year 1800, the
whole will form a system, wuLh, if administered
with a firm, steady, temperate perseveranc?, will,
so fir as its influence extends, su t*io tbe navy of
tbe United States, on that eminence which it has
ata'ned in the estimation of all nations.
I feel confident, however, that the only su*e and
effectual means of maintaining the character sod
discipline of the s rviee, is to ke?p in commission
as many vessels, and employ _*s many officers in
active duties, a; is compat b'e wi h the resources
of the country. This, after all, is the vital piiaci-
pie of professional excellence, and it is on this I
rely bs the only sold basis for a naval establish-
ment, not formidable from the number «f ships in
ordinary or on the stocks, but for its experience,
its discipün", and habit  of hardy endurance. Foe
this reason no diminution of. the force in «omnia*
M« to bt«n contemplated, it  tot «tiauissfe;rt>
w^h presente!. All the re'renchments will )K
found in other branches of expenditure, and the
current service of the ensuing } ear has been left
untouched and undiminished.
The estimates of the Board of Navy ComnYs-
sioners, for the naval service of 1840, have been
mad* with eve y regard to economy deemed com-
patible with the gteat interests of t'e country.
Whenever variations occiar between the present
estimates and the preceding ones, short explánalo y
no'es aie appended, giving the reasons for the
change.
I lake this occasion respectfully to recommend
the passage of a law, for bringing under on? gene-
ral head all the sp-cial ac's which authonz ■ ths
building or rebuilding of panicu'ar vessel--, as
well as those relating to their repairs. Abdlfor
this purpot-e was reported during the last session of
Cong-ess, and is presume! to have (aile I to Lerom;
a law in cors-quence of inability to leichitin
time. I conceive it will be h-ghly advantageous to
the service by placing materials for builiirg, re-
pairing, and equipping vessels gencally, at the
di posal of the Depigment for all s ich purpos s,
at the precise period they are wanted, and befóte
they deteriorate by time and exposure.
Another advantage would be, greatly amplifying
accounts at all the nival stations by disbursing
officers, and at the Treasury.
These, and o her minor results of convenience
and economy, in my op nion, all unite in recom-
mending the measure.
Should tie further sum of $340,000 be tranv
ftrred from the appropriation for ihe gradual im-
provement of the navy, towards completing the two
steamers as p'opased in the estimates, the remain-
der of that appropriation, amounting to #410,000,
which would become avadable in 1840, by the
existing laws, will not, in all probability, be neces-
sary, as the balance on hand will be sufficient to
meet all expenditures under that head for the en-
suing year. That portion of the appropriation
may, therefore, it is believed, be postponed until
1841, without injury to the service, should it be
thought expedient, provided the whole amount of
transfers w eventually returned.
It will be perceived mat the Board of Navy
Commissioners has again submitted an estimate
for additional clerks, which a<e* daffy becom n 
more indispensable to the prompt discharge of the
public busin-ss committed to its soperinUWdenee.
Hie multiplication of lecoids, the labor of inves-
tigating past transactions, so often nrc-ssary to
refer to, and which increases with the lap^e of time,
combined with the progre sive expansion of the
country, and gowih of the navy, al! call for addi-
tional labor and additional means for its perform-
ance. The plan for a reorganization of the
Department, prepared io pursuance of a resolution
sdop'ed at the last session of Congress*, contem-
plates such addition to the number of clerks, as tí
deemed evential to catry it into operation should
it be adopted, and will lehde? any further action
on this point unnetessary.                *               -
- Believing that the creation of a hi|hef grade ef
rank, ihsnis now recogni ed in the návft";WB fee
advantageous to the service, for reasons whist
have been too often presented to require repetitiee,
I again offer the iubjecrto your cS6n-iJeraion."
Re pectfully submitted, ' -
J. K. I ATJLDH« ¡^
To the Faxsroctrrof the United Stáes.          '"'
•,.                   < , iir*
REPORT FROM                ,        Jt
THE POSTMASTER GfiNEéAL. ,     ,
Post Orne* DsP*RTatlwT, •
,     ,    '             November 30,1839, -
Sir: The post roads of the United States covered
by mail service on ibe 30th day of June last, were,
as neatly as can be ascertained,, 133,999 miles i 
extent. The rate of annual transportation on that
day was about 34,496,878 miles, and its * t
#3,285,622, viz:
By hor  «ml strlkey -
By «tage and eoac!  .
By ttvamboat and railroad
Mitr:
Il.447.lfl'
19663,676
3,386,055
me 
T^ri,     H,m,W    _f9,2IM*
