Dee. 1839.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*S
£<5th Cong.......1st Sess.
Rtport of the Postmaster General.
Sen. & H. of Heps.
This is exclusive of transportation by sleam-
btats and other vessels, under the fifth and sixth
sections of the act of 1885, which costs about
\\6,300 more.
The le!t ngs of the year have generally been at
lower prices than for some preceding years, but
not so low as the tame routes were let four year 
«go.
Most of the service which was last year sus-
pended has been restored; and the new routes esta
bli>hed by the ait of 7 h July, 1838, with few ex-
ception^, have been put in operation.
The speed of the ordinary mail having been so
increased as to reduce the lime of transit between
New York and New Orleans to n ns days, the ex-
press mail, which tan in seven, has been discon-
tinued, and the southwestern branch, which yielded
but a small portion of its cost, fell with the mam
trunk.
It is possible that the recent suspension of specie
payments by the banks, in a large porn n of the
Union, may a?a;n check the increasing revenue of
the Department so as to make retrenchments ne-
cessary; but, in any event, they will be inconside-
rable.
On the 30th June last, the number of post offices
was 12,789, showing an increase of 261 during the
pr cfdi' g year. The number estab'i^hed was
601, and the number discontinued was 310. The
nnmber of nostmas'ers appointed, including new
offices, was 2,838.
The number of pos' ornees this day is 13,023.
The number of mail contractors in service dur-
ing the last year, was about 1,838. Of this num-
ber, 489 have been fined, or had deductions made
from their pay, for sundry delinquencies. The
asgresate of fines is $57,738 64, and of deductions
$22,066 04, excluding remissions, the whole
amounting to $79,804 68.
A great mijonty of the contractors have per-
formed the service with the most exemplary punc-
tuality.
The revenue of the Department for the year ending
the 30th June, 1838, was          - $4,235,077 97
The expenditures were     -          -   4,621,837 16
Excess of expenditures     -          -    $386,759 19
This excess was made up by surplus funds of
preceding years.
The revenue of the year ending on the 30th of
June last, was ... $4,476,638 56
The engagements and liabilities of
the Department for the same year,
were     -          -          -               4,624,117 86
Excess of engagements and liabili-
ties                   -          -          -    $147,479 30
The surplus still on hand has prevented embar-
rassment.
The cash on hand, according to the latest re-
ports of postmasters, is $206,701 95. There is
also remaining in banks $33,453 72, of wh'ch
only $2,907 03 is available. More than half the
available funds on hand will be required to pay
balances due for the services of the last quarter.
Compared with preceding year, the revenue has
increased about 5i per cent, and the aggregate in-
crease was $241,560 59.
From a comparative statement, embracing the
returns of post offices yielding over $100 per
quarter, it appears that the revenue of the quarter
ending the 30th September last, exceeded that of
the corresponding quarter of last year about 84
per cent. It is feared, however, that in canse-
quence of the derangement produced by ihe sus-
pension of payment by so many bank , this
rate of advance will noi be maintained through the
year. .
Th« accounts of postmasters are rendered with a
promptitude which can scarcely find a paiallel in
the bu m;ss of mankind In a list of so many
thousand post offices.there are necessarily many ¡nci-
dents,suchassickness,deaths, resignations, absences,
removals, changes in mail routes, &c. &c. which
prevent the regular rendition of accounts, the new
appointments alone averaging last year 722 per
quarter. Most of the accounts are forwarded to
the Department by the first mail after the termi-
nation of the quarter, and out of a list of 12,780
post offices, for the quarter ending 30th June last,
there were bat 217, the accounts of which were
not received be'ore the termination of the next
quarter; and of this number about 40 had been
very recently established, or had not been supplied
with mails.
The moneys received by the postmasters are, in
general, paid over with equal promptitude. It is
believed that about 11,000 of the whole number
paid over the proceeds of each quarter to con-
tractors within two weeks after its close. Of that
class of postmasters the proportion of delinquents
is remarkably small. The draft offices in general
pay, when drawn upon, with equal punctuality.
Two cases have recurred, within the year, indi-
cating the necessity of turther hgal restraints upon
postmasters intrus'ed with large sums of money.
When it is extensively u culca'ei as a pnnci
pie, th t the public money, ins'ead of beicg
retained fot the public service, ought to be made use
of in private operat ons, it is not surf rising that
some of the postmas er*, notwithstanding the
utmost efforts of the Deparment to prevtnt it,
should pract se upon t e precept. Nothing is
likely to make them ail duly sensible of the he nous-
ne-s of the i>ff nee 1 ut an act of Congress,
declaring it to be a crime, punishable according to
the magn.tude of the sum thus applied.
Congress have h^retofoie fixed the maximum
of com pen a'ion to bi« paid for the transportation
of the mails upon railroads at $300 per mile.
It was obviou«'y their intent on, that, where the
maximum ot compensation is given, the railroad
companies shall afford the public, in return, the
best practicable mail accommodation.
Under existing arrangf ment*, the great mail for
the South and West is detained six to tight hours in
Philadelphia. De-irous, in the renewal of the
contracts to take effect in January next, to rut
an end to th s de enuon, the department offered
the Philade'rha, Wilmington, and Balttmore
Railroad company, th; maximum of compensa ion
allowe 1 by law, rn condi ion that they would carry
two mails a day, one connecting with the night
line from New York, and 'he other with the
morning 1 ne It is the night line whtch brings on
the great mail, and to carry it fotward without
in'errupt'on, it would lie neces ary for this com-
pany to leave Pniladelph a not laer than one
o'c'ock, a. m. This the company declined do ng
for the compensation offered, anl were willing for
the $300 per mile, only to continue the pre ent
service, running one r'ailv mail, and that at hours
most conven eit for their other business Deeming
it e-s-ntial to the ín'e-e t of the publ.c that a
connected mail line should be had on th'S great
thoroughfare, I have not felt myself at liberty to
accept any service whtch would kiuer admit rf
the pre ent injuricu-! delay at Philade'phia.
Minor considerado:*  it was propo ed to waive;
but without effect. The consequence s, tint trie
Department may be deprived of the use of that
road for the .next contract term.
Railroads cheapen travel and th? transportation
of produce and merchandise, and no reason is
perceived why they should not also cheapen the
transp rtatton of the mails under the same
circums'ances. When the mails are carried in
stages or on horseback, the Department exercises
an absolute control over the hours. But the
propoitu n of the company in quest'on mire than
doub'es the o dtnary cost of such service, and
denies to the Department the control of the hours.
If even the sum dtmandeJ were notihe highest
the Department can lawfully pay U r any rai^oad
service, it wonll for these r<asors be deemed
much too hgh for the serv ce proposed.
N'r is the sun of $300 per mile de.med too
small a compensation for the sevce required.
The travel would still go with the mail-, ai it does
now, and many passengers who do not travel at
al1, or take the Fennsylvania lines to the We<t,
would leave New York in the evening, if this
c mpany wou'd convey ihem to Baltimore by the
next morning, there to take the established lines
to the South and West. The Department, there-
fore, asks them to do only what it is believed to be
their interest to do.
Experience has proved that travel is increated in
proportion to the reduction of its cost. This has
been illustrated on steamboat route*. But
railroads have an advantage over steamboats,
becaue they can reduce the cost of travel with-
out reducing the r own charges. By running itt
connection with each other, and enabling tiavel-
lers to proceed on their way by night as well ssby
day, they save tavern h Is to the traveller, and
great y reduce his exper.s s. A great increase of
trave is the certain consequ nee. In this cío e
connect on, theref re, consists their highest in'erest.
Ail railiOdds in connection with each other, wi.l
u'timatrlyfmd their profit in c insider ng them-
I selves pars of one sjstem, in submitting to the
, inconveo enees of their respective po^iij ins, and in
i so prrannog their hours of running as to make
connected traveling lines, and not impose on
travellers the necess ty of s'opping at mtermedate
points in the r journey. And it isths close con-
nection, most favorable to railroads in reference
to travel, which the Department requires for the
transmission of the mails-. Ought the companies
to ask, or the Depattment to pay, exorbitant sums
for that which it is thñr own in'erest to rendert
Certain it is, that if the deusands of radroad
companies are to be satisfied, most of whom are
not willing to serve the public as they setve
individuals, andse^m to thmk that the Government
is boutd to make their investments profitabe,
there wi 1 be litt'e left of the means o'" this Depart-
ment to pay for the conveyan-e of the mail« on
oiherline*, much of the interior of the country
must be deprived of them altoge her, and the rates
of postage, instead of being reJuced, must be
inci eased.
Hopes are entertained, however, that the com*
pany in question will yet accept the provi-i. n
which Congress has made. It appeals to te so
obvious'y tteir r te est lo avail tbemselve. of the
additional travel wh ch a well connected line
would b'uig them, and to prevent the withdrawal
of a l?rge po.tion of the wrs'ern travel which
would inevitat le follow ti e oigan zati n of a 1 ne
for the conveyance of the great we tern mail upon
t e Pennsylvania roads, th..t perseverance in their
re'usal cannot reasonably be expected. In t! e
nvan tin.e, the Deparment is prcceeding to make
the best arr«ngemen's it can, for the mail servic,
w.thout reference to the u e of that road, and
w th th" determination m no event to make any
contract wnh the company which shall not secure
a close conn etion with the real from New York.
If circum.tane should hereafter rquireit, this
matter will be made the subjec of a special leport.
A difficulty s me*hat simitar has ari en upon
th? steamboat route between New York and New
Haven. Fomeily, the mail was carried six times
a week on that route, for $4 000 per annum. At
the last regular letting in that section, it w«s let f< r
daily fervee at $6,000. w th a proviso that if ihe
company should te d ss< lved, the con ract should
be at an end. La t spring they gave notice of
d sso'ution to the Department. 1 h ir suv essor<
refused to con inue the service for'ess than $30,000
per annum. The Department offered $6,000 lor
six t mes a week service, and $8,000 for da y; but
the new c mp^ny would only reduce their
exorbitant demand to $15,060, with the privilege
oí selecting their own tours for the service. Th-i
Depar mem then withdrew i's piopositions, and
mad i an arrmgement fir the t.aosptrtation of
its mai'sby land.
Sub equent'y, a temporary ar angement was
made wnh a gent'eman of great enersy to charter
boats ard put on another lme for the purpose oí
c nvey ng the mails. At<er making several effoits,
he icported to the Department, that although boats
could be pro;u-ed f«r any o her serv ce, so great
W.-S the fear of the principal owner upon the JSew
Haven line, or so exten-ive acrmbnaüon existed,
that no suit ble boat roull be charered on any
leims, to run on that line in oppos t on.
The D'paitment is consequently powerless,
under exist ng laws, to give the country th« be.t
practicab'e mail service in that directxOT^^Jsrxmotia
submitting to palpable   extortion.
Bather than
have deemtd it
submit to the latter alternative, - --.•-.--. rnmtm
my duty to continue the mad up  «he land ronte,
and refer to Congress for a remedy.
