*a
XJoi
•**
ÁPP¿?rLVlÍ TO THS CÓlfcliBSSiOXÁL GLOBE.
«6tH XJoko—Ut Skm.
S5=3=
Jfoto Jersey Question—Mr. Slade.
iaw i mnrh above my merits, I confess—never íe-
teaded thus to distinguish me above my colleagues;
I «ame here buMheir compeer; have always so con-
sidered myself; and when they proposed to their
competitors to resigo, and let the people try this
contest, I toe craved the honor to be equal with
them in thai also, and was only prevented from
joining in the proposition by the advice of friends
who.had a right to influence say acts.   Why have
yea, the*, drawn the envious distinction?   Why
been so unkindly kind!   Why receive my com'
mission, and lejeot theiisl   Was it the Secretary's
eertificaitl   That, sir, is no legal evidence; the
Governor himself, and not the Secretary, is the
certifying officer of the acts of the Governor and
Privy Conaoli and yet this high functionary has
undertaken  to certify—what?    That this paper
is a copy of an original on file in hie office?   Ño;
bat. that he, lames D. Westcott, the high and po-
tent Secretary, has .examined the papers which, he
says the Governor and Council examined,, and he,
forsooth, «as come to a very different conclusion
from what they .did; and therefore certifies the re-
salt of Ait osbwtatiofts, and he adds to it the votes
of the two rejected .townships, which he certifies
the Governor fett him to file; from a'l which be
very modestly informs he House that the Governor
and Council were all wrong, and that Messrs..
Dickerson and Co. and not Messrs. Aycrigg and
Co. were elected; and this, too, in tha face of his
•wn official signature to the commissions of my
colleagues, and his very polite letters, informing
myself and colleagues that he transmi s our "com-
mission as a Repiesentative of New Jersey in the
House of Representatives of the United Slate* of
the. Twenty-sixth   Congress.**    Wa3 íhe e ever
such official insolence!   Was there ever such a
Secre'ary of a Privy Coondl!   Was there ever',
such suange evidence! ' Why, sir,. ihis certificate
would not re evidence in the lowest court of New ^
Jersey.     Tne. _ certified copies from the countys
clerks wooU be evideoca as far as (hey go, but
tfiey wonld d sclose the fact that their townships ,
were rejected for illegality and frau^; but, by the
certificate of this very accommodating Secretary,
that matter is concealed.   Yet this is to be the
evidence to overrule the decision of the highest'
constitu'ed authority in the State, authentic! ei in
die highest manner known to the law, and that,
too, before any House is organized to try the mat-
ter I. Sir, yopr coarse was a plain one.   If no je-
tarás «ere nied, than you would place on the roil
the names of such as, by universal consent,  «ere
admit ed to te eiee'ed.   If returns «ce filed, then
it was your duty to ascertain which of them were
madeacctudingto la,w;,if neither,were to made,
you m-ght | erhaps either do as the Clerk d d in the,
case of Letcher, e*. Mnaie, take the^eft return as
th* pruna fait evidence  or uo as you Jsave done
now_j,refute to rec guise «ther, and state(tbe fact to
the House; bat,if either of the rilurns or com mi*- ,
sipnswas according t> usage and lequirements of
lawyaa yon have rccogms d those of ny colleagues
to be by receiving nine, then, fir, you had no dis-
crvtioi—youwer* boundby law.c jmmonserise]atid
universal practice, to ¿lacé, tb.e names of. my col-
leagues on the roll.   But yon say. that it ft a deli-
cate qn stun, and not foVyr.u to decide.   Sir, nn-
der ihif plea of false deli-aey, yon have decided'
the matter—«you have rejected the commissions of
my coieagats—ihe hjgh« t evidence known to the
lawyihe. eie'wMve evidence—till after the .House
is pijganized.   Yonr have .reverted the judgnunt of
theUovrrnor and Council. b fore the appeal is'
filed. • And gentlemen who would confirm your de-
cision wouldsettle the whole matter before a jury
Btawcrd to try the caosr, and this, too, upon evi-
dence only, surh, too, as I have shown U to be,
which slsoald be referred to the Committee of Elec-
tion .                                                       .,
Sir, where, win yon .decision lrad yen? Any
■MOtbei's seat on this' floor may be contested; .and
if .the individual eon te 'jiog only fi'es with y on an
aiidavtMira mere "Certificate from any, anauiho.
tmá aparee that b  elainrs the «eat by virtue of a
natjorty.ratf, accenting t j ywr-logic, yon most
itiiiay td tha^agal return, and placa neither mem 
her «aatbw coin «odhow,«anv of how few yon
weed* place there, timer asd the exigencies of Go-
vernment might determine.   Sir, the Government
would always desire a majority in this House, and
your principle would always give it to them.   File
with you, sir, affidavits or certifica'esfor contests of
the sea's of five, ten, or twenty members.according to
the requirements of Government, and, sir, you leave
effso manv names front the roll of members, and
place the Government at all limes in a majority of
hose that are left, who are n< t only to organize the
Honse,appi int you or some otherp 'rson C!ck, who
mayatthe commencement of the neztCorgr ss.and
soeiinfinitum,play over the same game.but who are
a'so to be the judges of the coo'ested seats. And thus,
sir, you first create a majority, and then, sir, they
have the power" to perpetuate that majority, your
own office, and the power of the General Govern-
ment   Saying nothing of your motives, your dec -
sion pres.nt* the strong-st coalition to perpetuate
office and power that the wit of man ever divisad,
and   desperate,  {indeed,, must   be   the   affairs,
ot the Government that requires to be sustained
by such   measures.   Sir, if I may use a figure
without profanity, (and no one who knows me will
accuse me of that,) I would say that the entrance
to mis House was like the way to Heaven; there
is bat one road to either, there is no breaking into
e ther, no leaping over the battlements   or scal-
ing the walls; all must go through the straight gate,
or go not at all.
Sir, of what effect is this cirtific&te of the Secte-
ary? No gentleman has pretended that it can givet
seats to the persons ho'ding it, and by your setting
it up in opposition to the regular commission of
ray colleagues it is ooly claimed to have the effect
to deprive New Jersey of fire-sixth  of her
representation, «ad you thereby place yonr
friends in the unenviable attitude of the dog in the
manger; There is a ease in potnW4ke decision of
Solomon respecting tbedead and the living child. We
say, destroy not the representation, vaca'e not the
seat?; give it to my colleagues, if their cvmmis-
sions entitle them to it; if not, give it to their com-
petitors—let the representation be full. Bnt this,
sir, is said to be a very peculiar esse, and therefore,
as the argument wonld seem to say, the ordinary
rtfes of practice and common sense: «reset appli-
cable to it. Why, say honorable member ; the
comrai?s'on of the Governor ■ and Council is on
one side, and the alleged majority of the people on
the other, and was there ever a case of contested
election, in wheh the parties did not stand in that
posit oí ? U not that the very ground of contest?
Can gentlemen imagine a case in which the party
claiming a seat alleges he has fewer votes than he
who has the certificate?
In the case of iwrwr,/n vs. Báfüi , a large
number of votes were given for Turner without th '
Jr. and, not being counted by the returning officer,
Baylies got the certificate, trok his seat, and held
it for a long time, till it was finally awarded to 1
Turner on petition,.  So in the casts of Wright, jr.
vs. FUcktr;WiUi**ii,jr«. vs. Soft ; Xruytmia, jr. vsv
Ten Byek', and Guión, jr. vs 8ngt.   In the latter,*
Sage, thoueh he held the certificate, neve* eamefcr-
warder claimed his seat; and, by writing under'
his signature, acknowledged Onion's majority and
right, yet Guion had to petition, andftKd noCget hw>
seat in eix week .   If ever there was a east where -
a man claiming a seat might walk into the Hall
and take it at one , that Was one; but no-such ease
has been cited or can be found any where".   The
universal práctica has been for the person claiming -
t?'petition the House after it is organized; a con-
trary coarse wcrald lead'to confunon and revolu-
tion.   In the ease of Soot vs. Mams, the former .
was elected by near threw hundred majority; yet, be*
cause his name had been spelled Bolt on a large
namber of tickets, he \csi the certificate and was
compelled' to petition for his seat.' And so in the
ra<e of ipanlixng vs. Mt«d, formerly referrebto;
the Governor of Georgia receives the returns from
ti*  rounties as the Governor of New: Jersey doe.«,
but, in consequence of a violent storm* the returns
from Airee coomb  did not reach.him in time; the
commission was accordingly given to Mead.
Though Spauldiog   had  the  decided  majority^
yet he ¡did not eemekiand take hiaseat, but peti-
tioned the Home ft* it  and there being no fraudar
illegal vales, it was awarded to him.   It will be J
___________________flee laSt.
______________________            H. of Repg,
borne in mind, too, that these and all the Net?
Jersey cases are where the majority has beea set
aside for mere informality or irregularis •. how
much stronger then it this case, where there are
nit only   informality and illegality, but fraud, and
a sufficient number of illegal votes to change that
majority?   Why, then, sir, have you made the dis-
tinction between this and all other cases?   Sir, the
country wi 1 hold you and your friends responsible
for every evil that may result from your extraor-
dinary course.   I know that  your seat is tobe
filled, and that other seat beyond and above yon is
still vacant, and that ancther individual desires to
plunge his arm deeply into the Tieasury.   But, sir,
what are th^se— what to us is the election of a
Speaker, on which your fiiends teem to place the
very continuance of their power—what is the mo-
mentary triumph of a party, compared with the
great principles you would sacrifice?   Is it for this
you would degrade my State—destroy the validity
of her records—tear from her her broad seal, and
wrest from her her sovereignty?   And who are te
do this?   Is it the chivalrous sons of Carolina, who
erected the Palmetto flag in defence of State sove-
reignty?   Or is it the sons of old Virginia, where
the principles of State Rights originated?   Is New
Jersey to be thus struck at and disgraced, and de-
prived of that which 1, as the acknowledged Repre-
sentative of the whole people, ask not as a boon,
but demand as a right?   I trust not—I trust not.
REMAKS OF ¡MR. SLADE,
Of Vermont.
fn the House of Representatives, Tuesday, December
10, 1839—The question pending  being, who
should be allowed to vote from the State of New
- Jersey on a motion to/lay on the table a resolu-
tion involving the ris4>t of claimants from that
State to seats in the Hot
Mr. SLADE rose ana said that the question be-
fore the House bore sajch jf relation to the general
question touching theloraénraation of the House,
which bad, in various* farau, been agitated daring
the last seven days, mat he felt justified in asking
the  indulgence of He House to a few general
remarks.                       .4
i have* (said -Mr. S.) setfiere seven days, pa-
tiently waiting f r the moving oínhe waters. I
ought, perhaps, to say, rather, watshtog the movimg
of the waters, for- they have, indeed, moved, and
moved in every possible direction. - Instead of ap-
proximating, in the arduous laboraof a was*, te
any practical conclusion, we teem to hav  havn
constantly receding from it—plunging ourselves
into new difficulties, and becoming entangled in the
web of unanticipated perplexities.
It may be useful to pause for a moment ia the
midst of the wild ujJroaV that reigns   this Hall,
and review the history of our proceedings, and sur-
vey the position to which we have arrived.
■■ We assembled here nine days ago for the pur-'
Cof organising the Twenty-sixth  Congress.
Ctcax, haviag prepared a roll of the reputed
members elect, proceeded, according te usage, «© •
call it, for the parpóse of ascermlatay the \n suamt
of a «uontm, necessary to be swwmrotd fat the '
pnttpese of organisation.   HaVlnfranlvcd at the
the Stat* of New Jersey, and calWd one of its Re-
presentatives, he stated that, as to the five remain* >
log seats to which that Skate was entitled, mere
war - ten gentlemen present claiming to boht the
appropriate evidence of title to then ; and that ha'
was unable to determine which five of a* tea '
ought to be enrolled as members'of the House;«ttd :
thereupttt submitted the matter to the decision of'
the gentlemen prevent: '8eve«ty-nihe ;R#ai estala '
tives, only, had been called, being forty-two lass
than a quorum.   The eommissionsof fiv*>of the
claimants wen thereupon read, when it wa  moved
that the credentials under which the remainiaf five"
claimed «eats, together with the ejection law of
New Jerseyvshoald be also read.   Heieawon the
question arose, whether any evidence of a right 
membership shoald he submitted in behalf of any
body.ioasmnek as there .did not appear tobe S
quota  present to which any question touemvf '
sack right could hmfat for decision.                       T
Thusmv progreaaaf the esdj wsb impadad by a '
dicewsion of motions ffowiat *w* of theeeofiet*
