Dec. 1839.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ss
26th Cong.......1st Sess.
Xew Jersey Question—Mr. Slud'.
H. of Heps.
A judgment upon the "returns" only will in-
volve an inquiry of a comparatively short duration;
but, whether shorter or longer, we are clearly
bound to enter upon it, and come lo a decision be-
fore any permanent organization shall be made, or
any other bussiness done. While I would not
give to a Governor's commission the conclusive
effect for which some have contended, I would give
lo it, emanating as it does from the highest and
most dnecily responsible of the State authorities, the
effect of placing a member in his seat, and enabling
him to hold n, until the most searching and
thorough scrutiny into the who'e process thai pre-
ceded us execution, beginning at the ballot boxes,
should have clearly demonstiated that it did not
embody the expressed will of the people by whose
ag^ni, constituted by that people for thai very pur-
pose, it had been executed.
I have said that the House should, before pro-
ceeding to any other business, judge of the returns
of the members. But what are returns of mem-
bers? Is ihe certificate of ihe Secretary of the
State of New Jersey, which has been read at the
Clerk's table, a return? By what law was it made
such? How is it invested with an official character,
in which character alone it can hare force and
effect any where? If it is sought to establish facts
supposed to be pertinent to this case by the decla-
ration of the Secretary of the Stale of New Jersey,
let them be pul into the form of a deposition, and
let the oath be administered to him that they are
the troth, the whole truth, and nothing but the
truth. But would this constitute a "leturn?"
Clearly not.
But what, I again ask, is there/urn of a member?
Jt is that by •* hich his election is certified. 10 ws by
the auihoniy constituted for that purpose by the
Slate from which he comes. Tnis is the return,
and the only return contemplated in the clause of
the Constitution now in question. Ii is true that,
in the process of ascertaining who is elected, there
are used the returns of votes by the judges of the
election to the county clerk, and the return of the
county clerk to the Governor. Bat neither of
these, in this case, is a return of the member sup-
posed to be elected. The language of the grant of
power to the House is, " Shall be the judge of the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members." It is ihe return of the member, then,
of whi«, under that pan of the grant having re-
ference to " returns," the House is to judge, and
not the returns of votes by the judges of election
to the county clerk, or the returns of those returns,
summed up, by the county clerk to the Givernor.
These are not a return of the member or the election
of the member. Such a return can only be made
to ih s House by that functionary which the State
Jaw appoints for that purpose; and it is of such a
return only that we are authorized to judge under
the authority given us to judge of " rettirns."
When we come to judge of the "election," the
whole rase is then opened, and we may judge of
every thing touching the qualifications of voters,
or the reception and returns of their votes by the
©fibers appointed for ihose purposes. But this
would be a very different thing from judging of the
returns of members.
In judging of the return of a member, we are to
judge, in the first place, whether it is genuine and
authentic; and, in the next place, whether the
functionary by whom it purports to have been
made was authorized by the law* of the State to
make it.
Bat I shall be asked, may we not also inquire
into the grounds on which it has been made?   If
there have been fraudulent returns, or omissions of
morns of votes to the Governor, may not these
frauds be inquired into? Certainly they may.    But
when?   Whenever it is proper to go behind the re-
ft«n in our investigations.    But when that is done,
when we go beyond the point of deciding upon the
genuineness of the return, and the authority of the
tunctionary «ho makes it, who shall stop us,  who
ou3f>t to stop „viii weg'tto the very bottom of
the ballot boxes?   If we are to go into the question
oí fraud, what fraud touching the election shall we
leave unprobed?  None.   Justic;, and honor, and
fairness, cry oat—Xone!
Tfle gántleman from New York [Mr. Vahber-
poll] say% let us have the voice t f ihe ballot
boxes. So say I. The voice of the ballot boxes!
They have already spoken to us ihrorg'i ihe only
oigan appointed by the laws of New Jersey to
speak to us; and we are bound to hear rn 1 rrgaid
that vowe, until there shall cmie up from the
deepest recesses of the ballot boxes a voice that
shall tell us whether fraud and falsehood ha\e
found a lurking place within tho^e 'acted lepes.te-
ríes of the evidence of ih~ peoph'.s will.
The gentleman fio.n New York affect; to re«aid
ihe ii eáal returns of certain judge  of electi ns as
the voice of the ballot boxes. But, sir, the voice
of the bailo' boxes is, to all the purpos s of dei >r-
mini'ig who shall take "eats a- menibet - o' ms
body, that expression fn m them, and that alone,
which t^e people of New Jersey I ave b\ their laws
determine I. The ballot b>x has no powe- of its' f
t > apeale; it ca-i ut er no voce but thro-igh those
who have its custody, and are appointed by hw to
ceitify it" con'e"K If a judgeor inspector of e'ec-
tions has b en iüegílly or fraudu ently pppomted,
and tnat, perhaps, for the very purpose of admit-
ting illegal vo es, or making false return*, shall his
cert fica e be taken as the voice of the ballot box?
Is he competent to speak in its nan ? No, s r. If
you would get the voice of the ballot bo* in that
case, you must get it by t*stimony which shall car-
ry you back of at returns. But the taking of this
te-tinvmy is not proposed by the ge tleman from
New York; it is, evidently, what he does not want.
I understand the gentlemen holding the Governor's
commissions ss desiring lo take this te-timony, and
thus go to the bottom of the whole matter. But
the appropriate time for doing «o, we a'l know, has
not arrived. Such an invtstiiation, at this stage
of the proceedings, is utterly impracticab e; and
yet it, obviou-ly, must be s< ne into, if we go back
of the teturn wh'ch ihe per pie of New Jersey I ave
determined by their election law sha'l be male to
the House of Representatives of the United States. To
stop m this backward process t>ll we get quite
beyond the judges and inspectors of election
into the ballot box, every body can see
would be improper, and might work great in-
justice. Indeed, if there is any reason why we
should go back of the Governor's return, for the
purpose of examining the grounds on which it has
been made, that reason operates with equal, if not
greater, force, to carry us back of the judges'and
inspector^' returns, to examine the true grounds on
which they were made. Tne gentleman from New
York would carry us at once back of the Go-
vernor's return to the illegal returns, but there he
would stop! Though no law oí the people of New
Jersey has authorized the judges and inspectors of
election to speak to us on this subject, yet we are
to take thair unofficial statements (unofficial, be-
cause not made according to the law of New
Jersey (as conclusive against the right of the re-
turned members to take their seats on this floor.
If the statements of the judges and inspectors of
election are to be used at all here, they must be
verified by oath—we cannot regard them as official
returns. The judges and inspectors of the town-
ships in question in this case, have never made any
legal returns to any body; and if we are to take
their affidavits in proof that the Governor's return
is not what it ought to be, then must we take testi-
mony touching the question whether the pretended
returns of the judges and inspectors were what they
ought to have been. In other words, we must go
into the whole caie, which we all know tobe imprac-
ticable now; and, what is more, which those here
who are contending against ihe right of the returned
members, do not want to go into now. They want
we should go half the way, and there stop. The
bottom of the ballot boxes is what, if I can under-
stand their movements, they dread to see.
I have thus, Mr. Chairman, adverted to the ex-
traordinary embarrassment in which we are placed,
and suggested what appeared to me the only modes
of escape. I have considered what would be the
constitutional power of a recognised quorum of the
members elect of the Twenty-sixth Congress, pre-
sent in this place, without a Speaker; maintaining
that it extends lo the full measure of the grant of
power to the Hou*c of Representatives to judge of
the elections,   return?,   and qualifications of its
member , though practically lirrited, frsin the ne-
cessity of the case, at the opening of Congress, to a
judgment on the "returns" only. I have spoken
of the nature of the "returns" which seem to me lo
be specially intended in the clause of ihe Constitu-
tion which gives me House ot Representatives tie
power of judzing; uhilr- I h.'ve expressed my sen e
of the e'ear and undoubkd c'-nin which the re-
turn*, or commissions from the Governor ot New
Jersey, give the gentler-i-n who bear them, to sea's
on this floor.
But, sir, undoubted a* I regard the right of these
gentlemen to seats here, it is equally clear to me
ilut i!i„> quejón oí .he v.ilidi y ot ihat right is sub-
ject to the judgment of the IIou"e of Representa-
tives, from th  moment it become  a House, by the
presence ot a quoium of un.iispuled member."; and
that its power of judging ex ends as we'll lo the
claim to take seats, as to t.,it of re'aiuing them
afier they aie taken. It seems to me a great
error to a^ume that gentlemen bearing returns,
even of the mo=t unquestionable validity, may
take their seats «t alt events, without submitting
their returns to the judgment of the body to
which the C^n tituhou 1ms expressly given the
powt-r of judging of the re urns ol it-members If
the House cannot judge of the nghi to lake a sear
under a return from a State authority, wuh vhat
propriety can it judge of the rghtto íeta n a sect
after it is taken? If the exerc se of the \< 'Wer < f
the House to judge in the first case conflicts with
'■Sfaie rights," dies it not equally so in the latter''
If "consolidation" is connected with one, is it not
equally wiih the other? It one is hable to abuse,
is not the other a'so? If the Executive, as has
been suggested, can mfh.en easuu-erve t House
to deny lo a Rrpresentative the seit he is jus ly en-
tit'ed to tike, may he no , through the same influ-
en.-e, thrus him from a le t winch he i  justly en-
t tied to hold? Doe* it follow, fn m the possible,
or probable, or even certain, abuse of power, that
it does not exis ? What power has been more
grossly abused than the Executive power of re-
moval? And yet, who denies its existence"* Is it
possible for the Executive to thrust his influence
into the House of Representatives more directly
and flagrantly in the case of a contened election
than he has in controlling its action in the exercise
of its admitted powers of legislation, either by his
direct influence on its members, or by the control
he has exeici ed, through his official dependants,
upon the election."? If tt,e non-existence of power
is to beinferied from its po-sib e or actual abuse,
ofwhatro*er supposed tobe conferred on Con-
gress or the Executive may they not stripped, until
ihey become a mere shdow? Sir, (he question of
power io no branch of th s G vernment is subject
to su'.h a loose, sliding rule i f construction as this.
Mr. Chairman, if the doctrine be correct that the
House of Representatives has no power, under the
Constitution, to judge of the right of an individual
to become one of its constituent parts, then is the
whole question resolved into the law of fore .
Like every other case where there is no tribunal to
decide, the law of physical strength must gov«rn.
The doctrine against which I am contending gives
to the States a complete and unqualified índepen-
derce in regard to this matter, and leave  the
whole questun as to who shall lake seats in Con-
gress to be decided by negotiation.'
But let me not be misunderstood. The States
have the right, as we all know, under the Constitu-
tion, to prescribe the times, place?, and manner of
holding elections; though Corgress may, at plea-
sure, "make or alter such regulations." Congress
ha* never legislated on this subject; and therefore
the whole matter of the elections of Representatives
to Congress is left to State regulation. The qualifi-
cations of the electors—the mode of voting—the
custody of the ballot boxes or the poll books—
ir>e supervision of the elections—the return or
votes to the efficer or officers appointed to connt
them, and the manner in which the "«J 5  ";•
election shall be certified, are all P.1**"^^
laws of the several States The^Ho^Repre-
sentmves of the United States are: iu
regulations as they find *™*?¿™^0¡¿to
dertaking to repeal or modi'y them, are to maJ 
