46
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&&TH CoWO"«'lST SkSS.
Election of Speaker—Mr. Saltonstall.
Dec. 1839.
H. of Reps.
them toe rale of judging of the elections and re-
tarns of members. '
Thus, for example, in the case before us, the
law of the State of New Jersey provides that the
Governor, with the assistance of the Privy Coon-
cil, shall cast up the whole number of votes re-
ceived from the several counties for each candi-
date, and determine the six persons who have re-
ceived the greatest number of votes from the whole
State for Representatives in Congress; of all which
the Governor is made the certifying officer.     To
this law the Honse of Representatives are to give
full effect; bat yet they must "juégt" what it its
fall effect.     This is tfctir province.     They may
misjudge, bui yet they must judge—right or wrong.
Thus, in the case before us, there is a question of
fact and a question of law for the Rouse to decide:
of fact, namely, whether the signature and the seal
' attached to the returns or commissions vegtnuint;
and of law, whether they are made in the ft rm,
Md certified by the officer, and verified by the seal,
prescribed by the la«rs of the State of New Jersey.
If the genuineness and legality are shown or ad-
mitted, then do they become evidence to the House
of Representatives of the fact that the persons
named in them have bee  elected by the people of
the State of New Jersey to represent that State in
the Congress of the United State?; and the evidence,
too, which the State of New Jersey has determined
shall be the verilcatSoft, here, of their right to take
their sea's as Representatives of the people of that
Stale.   The House has no right to say that this
•hall not be evidence.     The State of New Jersey
has decided that it shall be, and the Bouse ;s to re-
ceive it as evidence,  and "judge" accordingly.
New Jersey ha* determined wnat shall be done to
famish to the Hwwe of Representativa* evidence
of the election of member , bet. the Honse most
- jur'ge wh-tfeer it Am sea  done as <he State has, by
law, provided.
This, Mr. Chairman, are the rights of the Stages
• fully rec-gnised, white the indispensable power of
the House of Representa ives to jutfge remains Un-
impaied.
1 n<^ed hardly add, (or I have already sufficiently
indicated, my full eonvietk B that the ietorns by
the GoTeroor of New-Jersey of Mr. ÁvcHaa and
bis associates as members e ect of «««Twenty-Sixth
Congress a>e in accordance wim-the laws esas* ted
by the authority of the people of that State; and
that the House of Representatives, when formed,
. Will be bound so to a-tjudge, and id admit them ac-
cordingly—leaving the questions of the legality of
the returns i«f the jiidges of election, of ihe pro-
reed ngs at the polls, and of the votes drpcsiecl' io
the balk t boxes, to bo afterwards decided, as such
questions have be n heretofore uniformly decided,
: upon a discuss on of me ciar, as it shall b* re-
ported, after invesugafien by a standing,committee
of «he Hou^e* '
■      While I think that a decision by ihe House, mat
the gentlemen beating the Governor's commiss ons
are not entitled to take seats on mis floor, would
be no inuring raent of State right*, I- am equally
.  e'ear that to refuse them seat* would- be gioss ¡n-
. justice io- them, and a flagrant disregard of the
.   laws of the State whose people they c!atm to repre-
sent.
Of their right finally to retain the seats to which
■   they are now entitled,. I do not intend, m,o{ ««we,
it doe  n t become me, bow totpeak.   That ques-
. tioaino be settled when the appropria'e time ar-
rives for going behind the "Tetaras," or comíais 
Einns, from the Governor of New* Jersey. When-
ever that shall be done, these is no place where I
would stop, until the bottom of the ballot boxes
sh. uld be reachel, ard the wi L of the legal voters
of the State of New Jersey fully disclosed.
_ Mr. Editor : I perceive that I am liable to be
misunderstood in the last paragrah but one of my
t-peecb, published in your paper of }esterday., It
' does not clearly express whit I intended.
There may * em to be a contradic ion between
saying that adecis.on by the House that the gentle-
Otea bearing the Governor's commrair ns axe not
eVit|ed to take seats would be no infringement of
, State rights, and saying, as at the close of the same
paragranh, that  refuse them seats would be a
flagrant disiegard of the lairs of New Jersey.
Wsat I meant was, that it would be no usurpation
of power for the House thus to adjudge and decide.
Deeming such judgment to be within its competency,
the errots of that judgment, whatever they might
be, would, in strictness, be no infringement of State
rights, th'Ugh, in exercising its power of judging,
the House might disregard, or not give sufficient
weight to, the laws of New Jersey.
Respectfully,                 W. SLADE.
December 18,1839.
REMARKS OF MR. SALTONSTALL,
Of Massachusetts.
la tht House of Representa ives, December 13,1839—
The question being on Mr. Proffit's motion to
reconsider the motion of Mr. Smith, of Maine,
to go at this tme into the elecion of Speaker—
Mr. SALTONSTALL (it being late in the
evening) assured gentlemen that it was no part of
his object to "speakagainst tme," but as one op-
portunity was yet aff  rded him, he mus', before the
final vote shou'd be taken, occupy a few minutes
in bearing his solemn testimony a?a nst what he
feared was about to be perpetrated against the con-
stitutional tigh's of the Stale of Nt w Jersey. I da
not (said Mr. S.) say this with any view to fan the
flame of par y excitement in ih s House—far frcm
it; on the contrary, I s>ncere'y w sh I could allav
that fell spirit, which should tever enter this hall
of lgislation. It is deeply tobe reirretied that
party names and appeals to parly s-hould ever have
be* n introduced here, as though we were assem-
bled as representa ives of political part>es, and not
of the whole people. I sbou'd consider that man a
great benefactor te his country, who should cause
to be es aHlished and enforced a rule which should
put an tnd to tlis practice. It íes^etis ihe dignity
of debate, lead< to personalities, and tends to excite
passions inconsistent with the correct discharge of
our duty.                                            y
Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentfeman who
moved the reconsideration. The qjteslion before
us is one of the most important which ha; arisen
under this Constitu tion. It is not£ question which
concerns merely the five mfrober/froin New Jer-
sey, or that State alpjae. 9. it m question of vital
importance to aU tha Sia'ci in/i s Union—to the
people of the whole eeun tnr. I
I repeat, sir, my chief ofcjáca in rising is to bear
my testimonv against tbejexalusion of the retun.ed
members from New Jerslyjr I believe their right
to seats upon this floor lope as good as ours. I
believe thatthey come wpJf as high authority—that
the evidencs of their rigbyis perfect, and that ihelr
rejection by us will be against all precedent—all
usage—-all authority—all constitutional law and order.
This is strong language, sir; but we profess still to
live in a free Republic. This is the House of the
people's Representatives, and I feel it to be my
duty to speak the truth with plainness.
From some remarks of the, honorable gentleman
from South Carolina [Mr. Pickems] and the views
he expressed, 1 am persnded that this subject is not
vet fully or correctly understood by all members;
and J. think that his construction, of the Constitu-
tion, by which he would have this House, before Us
organization, go behind the returns, and, in effect,
decide upon the election, admits of a satisfactory
answer in a few woids. I shall endeavor to make
it,. in the course of my remarks, and should have
replied more folly, had I been able to obtain the
floor at the time.
One word, sir, about the' delay of which we now
beat s  much. It is very true—too true—that we
have been here eight or ten days wjtboulgeflecting
an organization of this body, and that the whole
country is looking in this direction under great anx-
iety and excitement But who caused this delay?
1 acknowledge no responsibility for myself or mj
friends. We have not produced nor sanctioned the
existing state of thing*. We have opposed no ob-
struction to die organization of the House in the
usual mode. Those are responsible, and those only,
who have leagued and gene together against un-
broken ussge, against plain principles of justice,
and against the settled coarse of proceeding, from
the earliest period of this Government.
It is not necessary for rae to go at large into the
consideran in of questions which have been so long
under debate: but I hold that there are some few
principles, well settled, and some facts not disputed,
which lead irresistibly to the conclusion that those
gentlemen who have been regularly returned ac-
cording to the laws of New Jersey have a constitu-
tional right to their seats here, and this notwith-
standing this proposition has not been mr.m'ained
by a vo e of the majority. I know not whether
the New Jersey members are now in this hall; I
trust they are. Had I been so returntd—and I
now address the members of this House, and en-
treat them to divest themselves of party feeling arid
prejudice, and say whether I do not express their
own feelings—had I been so retumsd, and had
come up to this place bearing in my hand the com-
mission of my State, under lb great seal, 1 shruld
feel bound, notwilhs'anding the vote }ou have
passed, or any vote you may pass, not to recede
from the House; but when the other gentleman, ad-
milted to be a Repns ntative from my Sute, up in
a commission precisely similar, should be called up
to be qualified, I should so forward and demand to
be sworn. I would hold up my c mimission, refer
to the Constitu ion of tie Union and the 'aws of
my State, and I should say to this body, as-
sembled upon no hi^hpr <?r better authority thvn
mm*, '"Th s Crn-ttuuim pu 1 onz-s the S ates to
Itg s a e on the subjtct of flections, to deteimne
I ow they thill Le holden, arid Inw the remit shall
be íetuined, unless superseded by the 1 gi latió i < f
Congress. My State has legislated—sha hr.s pre-
scribed Ihe time, place, and m inner of holding elec-
tions ef Representatives, how the votes shall be re-
turned and examined, and how h r Rrpr^ser tatives
shall be commission d. Her laws have not been
altered by Congress. I have bei n duly c immb-
sii ned, a c rdtig t) lave. H< re are my creden-
tials—I am ready ii be sworn. I claim a right
which has never been denied to my prede.es-ors,
holding similar returns, from the begimirg of this
Government—nav, f.om the beginiiing of'h  old
Confidera'ion of the thirteen States, whos* efforts
and sacrifices won our independencs" To such a
demand what answer could be given! Could he
who shall fill that chair—could this House reject
me? No. No man has e^er come into this House
before, b;nring fuch a document, to whim it
his been said, "stand aside!" Let us, then,
pwsse, bifore we tike tin final, I may-almost say
the fatal, step.
Mr. Chairman, I have said there are some prin-
ciples and some facts in this cas , which may be
considered as settled- 1 will sUte them to the
House, because, to my mind, it follows from ihem,
as clearly as a conclusion ever follows from esta-
bii bed premi.es, that the returned membeis iron
New Jers*y are members of this House of Represent-
atives. It is settled by the Cons itution itself (sec-
tion .4) that, until Congress shall establish regula-
tions on the subject, each S ate has a right to pre-
scribe her own mode of hoiding e'ection¿ for Re-
presentatives, of determining the resut, and of the
creden'ials >o be given to the pt*r_ons elected-, and
the elections mjist be held, and the subsequent pro-
ceedings had, according to sucfi Jaws. New Jersey
has done this—her law has never been altered by
CoDgre-s; and it ba-J been shown, by a reference to
h«r statutes, how the returns of her elections are to
be made; how, and by what authority, they are to
he-examined, and the result determined; and how
the comm scions of her Bepre?enlaiives are to be
given. All this is not denied. It cannot'be. The
commissions of the five (I will not yet say rejected)
members, have been spread upon your table—
they have been read again and again, and
no man haá questioned their genuineness, or
pretended to deny that they are in exact
conformity wih the laws of New Jersey.
Some other things are very clear. It is not
denied to have been a settled principle in this
Government, founded on invariable usage, that
perions coming here with regular returns from
Jhetr States weie entitled thereon to lake tbeif seats
in this hall, and to act as Representatives until,
upon full examination, it shall appear that they
had not been daly e'eeted. This has been ad-
mitted and practised upon from the beginning
